Thomas Wilson is missing. When last seen, he was being taken away by a representative of the mysterious organisation known as TGN, his identity erased.
Kathy Turner, his best friend, has gone insane searching for him. Or has reality distorted itself around her?
Gregory Smith, a journalist for a national newspaper, finds his fate inexplicably joined with Thomas’ after he sees his soul reflected back at him from unfamiliar eyes.
This philosophical thriller brings their three destinies together on a journey deep into the nature of identity, reality and existence itself.
The Creative Sponge
By Andy Marlow
Copyright 2011 Andy Marlow
Smashwords edition
Smashwords Edition, License Notes
This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This ebook may not be resold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. If you’re reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to Smashwords.com and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author. 
Table of Contents
Chapter 1
Chapter 2
Chapter 3
Chapter 4
Chapter 5
Chapter 6
Chapter 7
Chapter 8
Chapter 9
Chapter 10
Chapter 11
Chapter 12
Chapter 13
Chapter 14
Chapter 15
Chapter 16
Prologue
About the Author
Chapter 1
“There, now, this won’t hurt a bit…”
Those were the last words he would ever hear as himself. The crushing reality was that they were nothing but a bare-faced lie. It would hurt, of course. It would hurt when the needle penetrated his skin. It would hurt as its lethal contents were unleashed into his bloodstream. And it would no doubt be unbearable to observe the purple liquid’s unrelenting progress through his veins and arteries on its unstoppable mission towards its eventual destination: his brain.
The needle in question was growing closer by the second. Its bearer, the nefarious Doctor Jones, seemed in no hurry to complete the procedure any time soon. After all, he occupied the position of power. There was no hope of escape for his patient. Every feature on his face exuded ecstasy, as if there were nothing in the world he enjoyed more than watching his victim squirm: his eyes, housed in sunken sockets and hidden behind over-expanded cheeks, shone with gleeful delight as he toyed with his victim’s emotions, waving the needle in the air like a conductor’s baton: now close, now further away, now close again. The game was cruel, for both doctor and patient knew that the needle would find its destination, and not in the all too distant future; yet the doctor gained a callous form of pleasure from seeing his victim writhe in terror when the instrument came close to his skin. 
His victim could not move, of course. He was strapped down onto a surgical table with restraints made from a coarse rope-like material. The effort of struggling against them left his wrists sore and, coupled with the discomfort of the hard, unforgiving surface on which he was bound and the indignity of having been stripped naked in front of his tormentors in order to dress him in a surgical gown, as last moments go he could have wished for better. His distress was compounded by the fact that his head, too, was immobile. There were five people within his field of vision, but he could hear others behind him working on his headset. It was a makeshift affair. Wires and electrodes protruded everywhere from his skull so that his head resembled a hedgehog, albeit a cybernetic one. The wires led haphazardly across the floor to a grey machine in the left-hand corner of the room. This he could not see from his disadvantageous position, but he could recall having glimpsed it earlier. He had not entered the room voluntarily: rather, he had been dragged in, and while his captors had been forcing his reluctant body through the doorway, his eyes had darted about in an effort to understand his surroundings, eventually fixing upon the grey machine in the corner and the Wall to which it was connected. He understood little of its technical workings, but discerned fully what it would do to him. Less than an hour ago he had witnessed the inevitable end of his tragic lot; a tale which would thrust him back through time into another life, and lead inextricably back to this very point in an infinite, torturous loop. The memory was fresh in his mind, seared into his cranium, of the horror he had seen: his own soul, housed in an alien body and only just realising its true identity, robbed of its life before it could escape. Now the heavy burden of that inevitable fate hung unpleasantly around his neck, made all the worse by the fact that he would soon be unaware of it; the poison, when finally released from its glass encasing, would find his brain and free his mind, rob his Self and raze his past, making him forget all that he had learnt and sending him into temporary, blissful ignorance, only to rudely pull him out of it at some indeterminate point in his personal future and bring about his end. 
The doctor soon tired of his game of cat and mouse. With scornful grimace and forceful fist, the needle’s point embedded itself in his subject’s flesh and he turned away, finished. His victim could only lay there and watch as its payload coursed visibly through his blood vessels on its voyage to his brain.
***
Thomas Wilson lurched backwards. His consciousness interrupted for a second, a strange tearing sensation in his mind and a second’s black-out: then he found himself falling backwards, his balance lost, his fall cushioned by one large, female commuter behind him.
She shoved him away in disgust. He muttered his apologies and glanced around inquiringly, searching for a source to explain his sudden movement. Yet there was none- not an obvious one, at least. Before him was a scene typical to any Londoner on the daily commute: a thick throng of anonymous people, all wearing androgynous clothing and forming one huge mass, trudging sluggishly out of the Tube station and into the crisp, cool air of one November night. The moon was barely visible through the light pollution provided by the brilliance of London’s central shopping district at six o’clock in the evening. It was Thursday: late night shopping, which had only added to the misery of crowded public transport in one of the world’s largest metropolises. 
In the sea of heads before him, Thomas could make out a cross-section of the diversity of modern, multicultural Britain: he saw black hair, white hair, red hair and blue; Asian, Caucasian, African and White; mohawked punks filing alongside pensioners with perms, both sharing the same aim of returning home. Yet none of them appeared as though they had just pushed him. None of them even appeared to have noticed him.
Perhaps the cause was mental. As he thought this, he experienced a curious sensation in his brain, a direct continuance of his falling and fainting: a strange sense of déja vu overcame him, like something terrible had just happened to him, only he couldn’t quite remember it. It perplexed and disturbed him, for he was normally quite a rational man who did not succumb to such sensations. He prided himself on being scientific- despite having no understanding of science, and despite having occupied himself until two years previously as a student of English Literature- and deplored mystical, unexplained experiences. They unnerved him and shook his worldview, leading him to question the most basic premises upon which he had based his life and made himself comfortable.
Luckily he was spared the necessity of such questioning. As quickly as the sensation had come over him, it was gone, and he was once more Thomas Wilson, mentally unhindered, travelling home from work at the offices of the Daily Herald newspaper. 
He relaxed. The crisis was over. As he continued on his way home to the elegant apartment he owned in the Docklands area of London, he allowed his mind to be distracted from its recent mental aberration by burying itself in considerations of the hard day’s work it had just done, and the assignment set for tomorrow.
***
That assignment was to review a school. 
It was seven o’clock in the morning and Thomas found himself standing outside its entrance. A bitter, chill wind was blowing, causing his trenchcoat to billow out behind him with dramatic effect. Add to this the fact that the entrance was blocked by a set of imposing iron gates, at least twice his height, and the image created becomes reminiscent of some epic adventure game, with Thomas the hero about to enter some boss’ lair.
Yet an epic adventure game it was not. Rather, it was simply the arrival of a journalist, come to write an article about a secondary school which had achieved exemplary exam results. This was not what Thomas had been hoping for when the Daily Herald had offered him the job those two years ago. He had dreamt of huge scoops and uncovering corruption; in reality, the best he could hope for was a weekly column at the bottom left-hand corner of page 32.
The headmaster was strutting out to greet his guest. At a distance, his manner was striking: he had the gait of man with authority, almost of a military man. This was not surprising. Although he now worked as a school teacher, his background had been the army. He boasted of being a veteran of Kosovo and Iraq and proudly showed off his medals to all who would see them. 
As he neared Thomas, he reached out to him with a firm handshake and a refined smile.
“Good morning,” he chimed. “We’ve been looking forward to your visit for weeks. Please, follow me.”
The man’s name was Corporal Smith, or Derek to his friends. His face resembled an egg in many ways: it was shaped like one, and, aside from two slithers of hair on either side of his head, he was almost completely bald. The children had made fun of him when he first arrived at the school, but that soon stopped when they discovered that under the Corporal’s strict regime, any misdemeanour would be punished. Severely. The last boy to mock his principal’s appearance refused to divulge any details of the fate that had befallen him; nevertheless his silence, coupled with the embarassed and pained expression on his face whenever anybody inquired it of him, revealed more than words ever could. 
Given the man’s reputation, Thomas obeyed without question and shadowed him as he marched his way into the school grounds of which he was so proud. The man’s fingerprints were all over this place: what must have once been a reclined school atmosphere now resembled an army barracks more than an educational estabishment. As the pupils arrived at school for the beginning of the day’s instruction, absent was the happy chattering and mischief normally associated with children of their age; rather, an air of discipline- some might say fear- pervaded the whole organisation. Teachers stood erect at various points about the premises, more like superior officers in appearance than compassionate educators. 
The complete character of the place astounded Thomas. His first question, therefore, was how Corporal Smith had managed to instill such an ethos in such a short time, having only started working at the school one year previously.
 “Over the last year we’ve really improved discipline here,” he explained. “Clamped down on any misbehaviour. It’s what the children wanted and they’ve responded well. Our GCSE results have gone through the roof.”
“What, specifically, have you done to improve discipline?” probed Thomas.
“We have adopted a zero tolerance policy on virtually everything,” declared the Corporal. “No drugs, no alcohol, no shirts tucked out- and any pupil who dares cross the line or disrespect a member of staff is sent home immediately. Immediately. We don’t believe in soft touch tactics here, Mr. Wilson. No namby pamby child psychologists here. Just do as you’re told, or face the consequences.”
“The last headteacher- Miss Winterbottom”- he said that name as if it was something dirty- “was quite the opposite of me. She didn’t believe in punishment. She wanted to understand her pupils. If one was caught swearing at a teacher, it was a session with the counsellor to find out if anything was wrong at home. If- God forbid, but it did happen- one was caught with drugs, he’d be sent for a week’s holiday in the Caribbean for rehabilitation. Bloody liberal.”
Thomas highly doubted this last claim. Nonetheless, he noted it down. It gave the story a bit of colour.
“Do you ever worry that such a disciplinarian approach may stifle your pupil’s creativity?” he opined of the Corporal. As much as he admired the transformation in this school, a clash of backgrounds between the two men was inevitable: Mr. Wilson, the bohemian journalist with a background in literature; Corporal Smith, the tough-talking military man who had fought in horrific battles where a self-controled attitude was essential simply to survive.
“Creativity?” Smith baulked. “Mister Wilson, the pupils here have far more real concerns than whether we are stunting their creative growth. I don’t know if it bypassed your attention when you were driving here, but this is a heavily run-down inner city estate. The kids here, without my help, face only a life of crime and poverty.”
The Corporal stepped closer to Thomas. “I know your type,” he continued. “Well educated, critical of the education system and its focus on exams and discipline, rules and recollection. Let me tell you, the best thing we can do for these kids is give them qualifications, whether or not the system be flawed. 	If we do our jobs properly, we can give them some sort of brighter future that doesn’t involve them being behind bars.”
Thomas could have winced at that biting response from his interviewee. In the midst of his hostile rant, the headmaster had moved close to his interviewer’s face so that his breath was palpable and warm on the journalist’s visage. This kind of retort had affected him in his early career, but two years down the line he was used to it. In fact, it told him that he was doing a good job: if he did not annoy his interviewee at least once during his questioning, he knew he was not probing deep enough.
Undaunted, the eminent professional,Thomas continued: “Have you had any difficulties in implementing your system of discipline?”
The Corporal did not reply for an instant. He appeared still to be eyeing up his questioner. Yet he soon came round, for the journalist represented an opportunity at national publicity, and whether that was positive or negative was in his control. He therefore resolved to treat his guest with civility.
“We’ve had trouble with the law,” he admitted. “There have been things we’d like to have done which we can’t. And several teachers have protested, too. We’ve had to sack some of them”
“You fired them? For what?”
“For dissent!” he barked. “A school is much like an army, and like an army it must have a hierarchy. That hierarchy collapses when the lower ranks openly refuse to obey a superior’s orders. When that happens, they have to go. Otherwise it sets a bad example to the pupils.”
“What kind of orders have they disobeyed?”
“Some of the staff refused to implement the new regime,” he conceded. “They thought it was too harsh on some of the weaker pupils.”
As he toured the school that day, Thomas began to see why. Of course, the new regime was constrained by law from using corporal punishment, but any loophole they could find was being exploited. Detention now signified a whole day of back-breaking labour in the playing field, pointlessly digging up holes only to refill them. This had become the penalty for the most minor of misdemeanours and was not spared even for the sick or disabled among the student body. There was no longer any compassion visible within this institution; no understanding of mental issues or family problems when students fell behind. Still, it worked. Thomas had to admit that their grades had improved remarkably, so that what was once one of the worst schools in the country now found itself near the top of every league table.
By the end of the day, he had mixed feelings about the faculty he had inspected. Before he could make a final judgment for his piece though, he wanted to get a pupil’s perspective on the place- without the interference of Corporal Smith.
The trouble was that he was always there. As much as Thomas wanted to abscond and undertake an independent bit of research, his guide refused to leave his side, constant as a shadow. It was not until the end of the day, when the Corporal had departed with the mistaken idea that Thomas had finished his story and was on his way home, that the intrepid journalist found his opportunity.
Most of the students had gone home. Yet he found one left over, sitting alone in the library with her head buried in something evidently fascinating to her.
At first the library had seemed deserted. As he was browsing around, however, he had spotted her ensconced on a beanbag in the corner, concealed almost completely by bookshelves. She was a petite little thing: though she was small, her skinny frame gave her the appearance of someone more lanky, as if she had been stretched out by a medieval torture device. Most of her face was hidden by the magazine which was engrossing her and a mass of disheveled brown hair, but just about visible behind them was a round, plain face, its only outstanding feature being a prominent collection of freckles sprinkled across her nose and cheeks. The effect was almost attractive. 
The magazine stood out more than she did. Its bright front cover attracted the eye immediately to the bold, brazen title: Science Today. As Thomas came closer, he could make out the headlines: the main story was entitled Cortical Confusion: Are You Who You Think You Are?. It amazed him that a girl of her age (she must have been no more than thirteen years old) could comprehend such material when he, a man of twenty three years, could not. Then again, his background was in literature, not science; although he prided himself on being scientific in his approach to life, rather than mystical or irrational, he had only ever excelled in English when at school. 
Thomas had moved too close. His quarry jumped, startled, and stared wide-eyed into the face of her visitor. Apologetically he moved backwards and gestured to her that he was friendly and bore no grudge; she looked embarassed to have been found here, reading material which would no doubt have singled her out as a ‘geek’ to her classmates, so Thomas knew he had to reassure her. She lowered the magazine and gave a shy smile.
With the magazine lowered, her body was suddenly unobscured and her uniform became visible. It was of course identical to all the other uniforms worn by all the other pupils in this establishment, but some little touches had marked hers out as unique.  For example, her trousers were a lighter shade of grey; she wore her tie loosely, as if she simply did not have the dexterity to put it on properly; a pink wastcoat was visible underneath her blazer, and a flower protruded from its pocket. Little touches like this marked her out as unique, different, special- in other words, an outcast. 
Perfect, thought Thomas. He had always liked outcasts. He had never been a popular kid himself.
 “Excuse me,” he introduced himself. “My name is Thomas Wilson. I’m a journalist doing a piece about your school for a national paper. Would you mind if I ask you a few questions?”
The girl looked at him astonished, as if it was a rare occurrence that anybody should speak to her. She focused her gaze on his eyes and twisted her head quizzically. It was quite unnerving. 
“What’s your name?” ventured Thomas.
“Vera. Vera Pidgeonsworth.” The girl spoke in a strange, mystical voice. She spoke absent-mindedly, as if there were deeper, more important things going on in her head. It appeared that these things were slowly coming to a realisation about something, for her eyes grew wide and her mouth rolled itself into an unexplained ‘o’ as she stared at her strange interviewer.
“Vera, would you mind if I ask you a few questions?”
She did not answer, but her silence insinuated that she had no interest in his queries. Rather, her eyes grew ever wider as the cogs in her brain turned, slowly, deliberately, and stumbled upon a sudden realisation about the man before her. 
With sudden urgency she picked up the magazine she had been reading and ruffled through its pages until she found what she was looking for. Thomas could not see what she was reading, but the way her pupils darted to and fro in her eyes revealed to him that it was a matter of great importance to her. When she had finally finished scanning the page in front of her, she slammed the magazine shut and pressed it hard into the carpet, lest someone try to take it off her.
Her gaze turned to Thomas, and she scrutinised his features meitculously. 
“Your eyes…” she mumbled, her gaze transfixed.
“What about them?” asked Thomas. 
“Your eyes… there’s something in your eyes…”
She flicked quickly through her magazine once more until she found the relevant page and scanned it again for a full minute. As she was reading, her expression passed from excitement to fascination through fear, all in one bewildering moment until suddenly she returned her gaze to Thomas, eyes even wider than before.
Yet she was not looking at Thomas anymore; rather, her eyes refocussed on a point behind him. A subtle cough prompted him to turn his head and behind him he saw the form of Corporal Smith, who seemed less than pleased to see him.
“Mister Wilson, I thought you had finished here,” he remarked. “Miss Pidgeonsworth, you should have gone home hours ago. Off you pop.”
Their gaze was broken; the moment was gone. Thomas desperately wanted to ask the girl what she had seen in his eyes, but she was more interested in avoiding detention and leapt from her beanbag to escape the wrath of Corporal Smith. In a second she had vanished from the scene and two seconds later, Thomas heard the library door slam shut as her little feet pounded away.
“I must apologise for her,” began the principal. “She’s one of our more special pupils. Not a good representation of the average learner here, I’m afraid. It would be best to forget her when you write your article.”
Thomas made a mental note to definitely not forget her. She had been a puzzle to him, one that would bug him for days until he solved it; moreover, she was evidence of this school’s dark side: the same authoritarianism which had created record exam results was also responsible for an attitude that shunned the odd and decried the different. Vera was a victim of the system, clearly disliked by the management despite her evident intelligence simply because she was odd.
At the gates, the headmaster shoved a booklet into Thomas’ reluctant hands.
“Some extra information about the school, Mister Wilson, should you need it for your report. I’ll look forward to reading it.”
With that, Mister Smith about-turned on his left heel and marched back into the school grounds appearing very pleased to have rid himself of his meddling guest. 
Thomas glanced at the brochure that had been placed into his hands. It was essentially an advertisement for the school: photographs of smiling teenagers; impressive statistics from the last round of GCSE exams; details of all the extra-curricular activities available at this establishment.	On the back page was a list of the school’s sponsors. When Mister Smith had become headmaster, he had brought with him a veritable list of corporate bodies willing to put some money- and influence- into the school: Cybertech Industries, TanFlan Incorporated, SMT Foods, Smart Films Inc. The back page had brief blurbs for each of these companies, showing them off to be the very best of their kind of business and in no way using the money they invested in the school to influence education. 
Thomas put the brochure into his bag as an interesting source of information and went home to write his article.
***
At eight o’clock that evening, he was feeling unusually tired. He had spent the last few hours brooding over his article and was finally done, now able to recline into his luxurious green leather sofa and repose himself. The glorious view of London’s skyline, a thousand lights in a thousand offices dazzling like myriad stars, greeted him through the expansive window on the side of his apartment. He allowed himself to sink into the comfortable fabric and luxuriate in its softness.
His only friend for the night was a mug of hot chocolate residing on the table beside him. He sipped it gratefully, reveling in the smooth, warm texture as it oozed down his oesophagus. The sensation induced in him a heavenly state of tranquility.
Slumber must have taken him, for he awoke with a start to find the vessel smashed on the floor and its contents spilled over his chest. He cursed in pain and sprinted for the bathroom to wash himself down.
Yet when he reached the mirror, he stopped, for there was something wrong with his reflection. It mesmerised him so much that he forgot his burnt chest. Had he always been this size? Had his hair always been so unkempt? He checked his memory, and everything was where it should be: the nose was the right shape, the lips in the right position. Nonetheless an inexpicable sense of withdrawal overcame him as if his mind did not belong in this body. It was an unnerving sensation indeed to feel distant from his own body, like it was borrowed and transient. 
His thoughts were interrupted when the phone rang.
“Hello?”
“Hello Tommy dear!”
Thomas winced. It was his mum. As much as he loved her, he hated it when she called him that.
“I saw you in the paper again today. Page twelve, bottom corner, story about that campaign group in Essex.”
Ah! So they’d finally published that. He had written in weeks ago but the editor, Sarah Harcroft, had never got round to putting it into the paper. Well, apparently she finally had. Thomas had been sent to find a group in Essex complaining about a local animal testing lab where ferrets were injected with potentially deadly substances to discover their effects on mammals. He had spent the day with them observing their tactics and had concluded them to be a thoroughly unorganised and ineffective group who were, inadvertently, bolstering local support for the lab through their inept campaigning.
“Wonderful piece, dear. Best piece of writing you’ve done yet.”
Thomas smiled. She always said that, no matter how dire his work, but he still appreciated the compliment.
“I’ve got some bad news.”
She paused, breathing heavily. 
Thomas had a presentiment about what the news could be. His father, her husband, had been in hospital for some time now with cancer. He had seemed to be recovering, but his stomach lurched at what he knew- nay, what he feared- was to come.
“It’s your father.”
She could barely bring herself to say it, but Thomas could finish the sentence.
“He’s dead, isn’t he mum?”
Her sobs answered in the affirmative.
The next day Thomas rushed home to see her. They hugged, they cried, they reminisced. They discussed funeral plans and funeral guests. They cooked together to ease the pain. She shouted angry words at God and at the deceased, cursing him for leaving before breaking down once more.
Thomas had fond memories of his father. He sat in the front room of his mother’s house recounting them. They had both shared a love of wrestling and had both been keen amateurs. His father, in fact, had been a pro wrestler called El Merto, whose characteristic move was to sit on his opponents’ faces until they gave in. He had met Thomas’ mother after a wrestling match in the seventies and they had been inseparable ever since.
His father had taken him to see many a wrestling match with local legends competing. Thomas had wanted to become a pro wrestler just like his dad, but his father had discouraged it, urging him to get a proper job and a proper career that could pay the bills and make him somebody. 
He remembered one day a fierce argument had erupted between himself and his dad about that very subject. His dad had accused him of being too idealistic, just as he had been in his youth. He had urged him not to make his mistakes. The sad fact was that, although his father had been professional at one point and had the potential for a glittering career, a serious leg injury had put an end to that and, because he had never studied in school, he had no prospects as anything other than a wrestler. El Merto had lasted only two years before being forced into retirement and into a job as a builder.
It was that which had eventually killed him. Working in buildings filled with asbestos was obviously bad for his health and so it was that, at the age of 67, Mister Francis Wilson fell victim to that most terrifying of illnesses: cancer. 
Yes, Thomas had such memories of his father…
A knock came at the door. His mother was still crying so Thomas stood to answer it.
A serious looking man stood on the other side of the threshold. He wore a plain black suit and carried a briefcase. There was no badge or tie or card to give any indication of any kind of identity or organisation he may represent, yet he dressed as if he were important.
“Mister Wilson?” he inquired.
His mouth barely moved when he spoke. It was shaped like a permanent frown with thin lips that gave off a distinctly tired and melancholy impression. The yellow teeth betrayed a lifetime of smoking and drinking coffee, presumably while travelling.
“Yes?” replied Thomas.
“Mister Thomas Wilson?” asked the man again.
“Yes, that’s me,” replied Thomas. This unnerved him slightly- he had not told anyone he was coming home and he did not recognise the stranger at the door.
“Mister Wilson, my name is Albert Pieterson. I am from an organisation known simply as TGN. Have you heard of us?”
“No. I’m sorry, are you here to sell something?” asked Thomas irritably. “If you are, I’m not interested. My father has just died.”
“I am well aware of your father’s death. I am sorry for your loss.”
An awkward silence ensued. Thomas eyed Mr. Pieterson up suspiciously. It was most disturbing that someone should know where he was, and the man’s eyes betrayed a cold lack of emotion so that his show of sympathy was nothing more than a formality. Nothing about this man was clear and everything was, potentially, suspect and at the very least a little secretive.
“I’m sorry, who are you again?”
“My name is Albert Pieterson. I represent an organisation known as TGN.”
“Yes, I know that, but what is TGN?”
“Our exact operations must remain secretive for the sake of our clients,” explained Pieterson. “We specialise in intelligence and scientific research. We count among our clients governments, top businesses and wealthy individuals. Sometimes we simply act of our own accord. This case, your case, is one of those instances.”
Thomas drew a blank. “I’m sorry, what are you doing here?”
“I’m here about your father, Mister Wilson.”
Another pause. Pieterson had Thomas fixed in his stare. It wasn’t a cold or evil gaze, nor was it warm or welcoming: it was merely neutral, professional, and a little disconcerting. At any rate, it wasn’t what Thomas needed right at this moment.
“I’m sorry, what do you want? It’s a difficult time for me so I’d like to be left alone if you don’t mind,” Thomas told the stranger. The words came out of Thomas’ mouth like treacle: slow and thick with emotion. 
Pieterson did not answer directly. Instead, he began an odd line of questioning: “I take it you and your father share many happy memories?”
“Yes, we do.”
“Mister Wilson, those memories are a lie.”
A lump rose to Thomas’ throat. On the one hand, it is the height of rudeness to deny a man the memories of his father on the day he discovers his death. But on the other hand the stranger’s words made an odd sense to him. As much as he wanted to be outraged by his words, the memory of what he had experienced in his bathroom and outside the tube station acted as an immoveable block on his mind. On both occasions he had felt a sense that his memories were fake somehow, of him not being quite himself. Yet this inner weakness merely led him to be even more outraged than otherwise, for his sense of self was close to injury and a beast is the most dangerous when wounded. 
“What do you mean?” Thomas asked, anger building.
“Mister Wilson, this will be very difficult for you to accept, but none of those memories ever happened. Not for you, at least.”
“My father died yesterday,” said Thomas slowly, through gritted teeth. It was difficult to hold back the emotion: rage and grief mixed together into something that threatened to explode into this man’s face. “Now please explain yourself or leave before I make you.”
“Mister Wilson, Francis George Wilson was never your father.”
In the front room, Mrs. Wilson had stopped crying. Her tears had dried up and as much as her eyes longed for them to flow, they would not come. She merely sat there in grief stricken silence. She had, however, been distracted from her thoughts by the conversation between her son and a stranger at the door. She was sitting in the living room with the door slightly ajar and the sound of it was wafting through from the hallway. She could not hear most of what was being said save for some choice words like “TGN” and “Pieterson”, but she could make out that the tone was becoming heated. 
Two years her late husband’s junior, she was 65 but already showing signs of aging. For this reason it took a lot of effort to extract herself from her chair. Her frail arms pushed and heaved against the chair which confined her, but every time she lifted herself up, her strength failed her and she was forced to sink back into her seat.  Eventually, however, she was on her feet and hobbling through the door leading into the hallway. It had taken several minutes for her to hoist herself out of her seat and she had become increasingly desperate to do so, for the exchange in the hall was becoming ever more heated and her son’s voice was beginning to change. She was worried about him. By the time she entered the hallway, the conversation had descended into hushed whispers so soft that she struggled to make out what was being said. 
“Tommy dear, who is that?” she asked.
The mutterings ended and the two men turned to look at her, and Mrs. Wilson looked back. She was not interested in the stranger, however; her gaze was drawn to her own son, Thomas, for he was looking at her oddly. It was almost as if he were not himself; as if another man was looking at her through her son’s facial features.
The silence was broken when the stranger suddenly said, “Mister Wilson, we must leave now.” His voice was authoritative and her son seemed to obey unthinkingly. He followed the stranger through the door towards a waiting black cab, climbed into it and drove away- without even saying goodbye. 
Mrs. Wilson never forgot the look on her son’s face as he walked away that day. He stared back at the house constantly, never deviating his stare, never looking away from his mother’s eyes. Yet her son looked different then: his expression blank; his eyes unrecognising; his entire body language like that of another person.



Chapter 2
The next day, Thomas Wilson didn’t show up at work.
This was not unusual. He had told his colleagues about the death of his father and that he needed a few days off to be with his mother, to mourn, to prepare the funeral and the like. What was unusual was the complete silence that surrounded him. Several of his friends and colleagues tried to contact him, but there was no answer: phone calls were left to ring out, emails were left unanswered, texts went unreplied. 
On day one, this was understandable: his dad was dead. Who would want to talk to anyone in that situation? Sometimes a little isolation and time to yourself was necessary.
Yet Thomas had only booked four days off from work. On day five, when still there had been no word from him, no communication of any kind, his colleagues began to worry and his boss began to fume.
“Where is that little toerag?” bellowed Sarah Harcroft in her office, at nobody in particular. “If he doesn’t get in touch with me within one day he’s out of a job!”
The rest of the office would have been shocked by this very audible outburst if they were not so used to it by now. Sarah Harcroft was the kind of editor who wanted everything done to the deadline- understandable- and accepted no leniency and no excuses. She was the kind of ruthless player who would push her way to the top in business by lying, cheating, stealing and sleeping with superiors. In short, she was not in the top job because of her management skills, her eye for a good story or her financial smarts; her sole credentials were that she had been the most ruthless and vocal of the staff when the previous editor was seeking a replacement.
Anyway, the job of locating Thomas and bringing him back to the paper’s office- even if only to be fired- fell to Kathy Turner.
“You know him best out of anyone here, don’t you?” barked Harcroft at the longsuffering Kathy as she stood in her office.
“Yes ma’am,” replied Kathy. It was never a good idea to speak too much around Harcroft (she didn’t like people using her first name): one wrong word could put you in the “naughty list”, a childish and patronising document drawn up by Harcroft which contained the names of those who would be given only the most demeaning and boring stories for next weeks’ editions. 
“Any idea where he’s got to? Has he been in contact with you?”
“No, ma’am.” Despite trying to keep a professional demeanour, Kathy couldn’t help but let a twinge of emotion show in her voice. The truth was that since Thomas had started work there two years previously, she and he had become good friends. They had even dated for a short time before having an explosive argument, breaking up and not speaking to each other for a month or so. Still, they had history and there was a great deal of affection between them. While the whole office knew of his father’s death, she had been the first person Thomas had told. Normally they’d speak every day- but now he was missing. 
This was not lost on Harcroft. She was the most skilled of emotional manipulators and could sense what someone was feeling, even if they were trying to conceal it, and could use it to her advantage. Here, she sensed the pain in Kathy’s voice immediately and simply smirked. She said nothing, but you could never be sure with Harcroft… she would most likely be storing the information about Kathy’s feelings in her head for use at a later date. How? Kathy could never guess and could only shudder.
“Okay, you may leave now. Find him within forty eight hours.”
Kathy left the office with a lingering sense of dread. Harcroft’s temper was legendary. Although she had not attached any kind of sanction to her order, Kathy knew that to fail her boss often meant to lose one’s job.
Kathy’s first port of call was Thomas’ mother. She could vaguely recall that he had mentioned going to visit her when he heard news of his father’s death.
The difficulty was that she had never been to the Wilson family home and did not know the telephone number. All she remembered was that her name was Barbara. She had met her on a few previous occasions, but their conversation had always been awkward and stilted. Her first task, therefore, was to delve deep to find the necessary information.
Thomas’ staff file only showed his apartment address and mobile phone number. It gave no detail of his parent’s home address- but then, why would it? 
So she ended up perusing the yellow pages looking for every Wilson in there, hoping one of them was the right woman.
The first was certainly not.
After a few rings, a gruff man’s voice answered.
“Hello? Who is this?” He sounded distracted by something in the background, and from what Kathy could hear there was a lot to be distracted by: a television set was audibly blaring what sounded like a bad police drama, with gunshots and acting that seemed atrocious even down the end of a telephone; a woman’s voice was yelling something incomprehensible about someone, presumably the man to whom Kathy was talking, not doing his share of the housework; and through it all pierced the incessant barking of an agitated dog. The man sounded positively annoyed to have had another complication added to his already hectic day and exhibited a tone of voice which seemed to say this better be important.
“Good morning, my name is Kathy Turner-”
 “Who? Speak up, woman!” the man interrupted rudely. He was having trouble hearing her over the television. 
“Kathy Turner.  My name is Kathy Turner, and I’m calling from the Daily Herald newspaper. I’m looking for one of our reporters, Thomas Wilson. Is this his parents’ number?”
 The man was silent for a moment as he considered the audacity of this woman to interrupt his day with such an impertinent question. The dog was yapping at his feet, the wife was nagging him again and he had missed the most important part of his show. With all that on his mind already, Kathy’s intrusion into his life was very unwelcome indeed.
So he answered very simply: “No. Goodbye.” And with that, he slammed the phone down.
It was the same story with every Wilson in the book. Of the 79 numbers listed, none were the right person or even related to her. None of them had heard of Thomas Wilson and none of them were any of his relatives, although one of them had mistaken the voice of Kathy for the voice of a sex line he frequently used and had tried to initiate some verbal intercourse before realising his mistake and trying- badly- to cover for himself. 
In the end, Kathy was forced to give up. She sighed regretfully and decided to mull her options over while she worked on another story following up a lead she had been given regarding the threat of a strike by nurses’ unions.
She phoned the relevant people: the head of the union, who complained about low pay and bad working conditions; the relevant government minister, who criticised the threat of industrial action while simultaneously defending his government’s record on the NHS. She visited the hospitals which would be affected by the strike and got reactions from some patients: some supportive, some critical. She then went home, typed up her story and went to bed. Disappointingly she had come up with nothing during the day about how to find Thomas’ mother, so she allowed herself some sleep and tried not to worry until the morning.
In the end, she didn’t have to worry.
As she walked into the office the next day, she saw a middle aged lady with straw coloured hair and a sad expression sitting in the office lobby. She clutched a bag between her legs in a sombre manner and appeared to have been crying. 
Kathy recognised the woman as Thomas’ mother. The face was so familiar to her: she had seen those sparkling eyes and wrinkled cheeks with Thomas many a time, although she had rarely moved to speak to her. Yet the loss of both her husband and her son had taken its toll on her: it appeared as if when they had gone, they had taken some of her life with them. Her eyes were much duller than Kathy remembered, her skin more wrinkled, her lips sadder.
Harcroft was standing beside Mrs. Wilson. Though they were within five metres of each other, the two of them may have occupied separate worlds. While Mrs. Wilson sat on the leather sofa with a distant look on her face, almost unaware that the Daily Herald’s bullish boss stood mere metres from her, the latter stood awkardly away from her with back turned. Harcroft’s speciality was being the boss, the authority. She did not know how to deal with a emotionally sensitive situation such as this and it showed.
The shell on Harcroft’s hard emotional exterior cracked slightly when she saw Kathy approaching. A smile almost found its way to her features at the prospect of offloading the situation onto someone else. Before Kathy reached her, though, she recovered her sense of cold authority and addressed her employee like a sergeant would address his privates.
“Kathy, do you see this woman here?” She pointed at Mrs. Wilson as one would an animal at a zoo. 
“Yes,” replied Kathy. 
“That’s Wilson’s mother. Talk to her.” 
Having delegated her responsibilities, she left abruptly, making no attempt to hide her relief at being spared one more moment in the presence of the blubbering widow.
Mrs. Wilson was oblivious to the whole affair. Her body language was closed and frightened and she appeared to be living entirely in her own thoughts, unaware of her surroundings. As Kathy sat next to her on the plush red settee, she jumped, startled.
“Hello,” she smiled weakly. “You’re Kathy, aren’t you?”
“Yes, Mrs. Wilson. How are you holding up?”
“Alright. I’m coping better than I thought I would. But I do miss him terribly…” Her face glazed over momentarily as memories of her lost soulmate apparently began to play involuntarily in her mind’s eye. Tears appeared in the corners of her eyes. Her body seemed to withdraw into itself, as if her skin had become too big for her. Then, as if she had willed herself to turn the images off, she returned to the world and looked hopefully at Kathy. “Do you know where my son is?”
Kathy paused. She had hoped that Thomas’ mother could clear things up and tell her where he was. It appeared that she was just as clueless as Kathy and had come to the paper for help.
“I don’t know,” replied Kathy. “I wanted to ask you the same thing, actually. We haven’t seen him nor heard from him in nearly a week and wanted to know what had happened to him.”
This was too much for Barbara. It seemed that the only thing giving her any strength at this time was the idea that Thomas had retreated into work to deal with his grief, that Kathy might know where he was. With that hope gone her strength visibly vanished. She seemed to collapse in on herself and broke down in tears.
Kathy didn’t know what to do. Even though she’d known Thomas well, her relationship to his mother consisted of nothing more than a few brief, awkward conversations. Despite their mutual aim, Thomas’ mother was little more than a stranger to her, so she had no idea how to console her. 
“There’s still hope,” she opined. “We’re following all the leads we can to find him.”
Her words were no good, however, and still Barbara cried. Her tears created puddles on the sofa and her wails could be heard throughout the office. It would have been awkward, embarassing, but for the fact that everyone here had known and liked Thomas, and everyone here had sympathy for the woman who grieved for him.
“We’ve had trouble with our inquiries,” began Kathy. This was a risky line to take, for it would only add to her hopelessness to find out that his place of work were unable to find him, but she needed to know if Mrs. Wilson could help. “But you can help us. Do you know anything that could aid us in finding your son?”
Barbara looked up at Kathy. Her eyes had temporarily dried up, empty of tears, but a hopelessness more terrible than any display of passion had replaced them. Kathy continued,
“Mrs. Wilson, we can find your son if you’ll only help us. Is there anything you can tell us? Anything at all?”
The mother slowly opened her mouth. A noise came out, not quite words but more a groan of pain. She was trying to talk, however, and soon her guttural vocalising became intelligible language.
She spoke slowly, at first, but Kathy listened attentively to her message:
 “The last time I saw him he was walking away from my house. Away from me. He was with a strange , who was wearing a suit. I heard them talking in my hallway. When I went to see who was at the door, I saw my Thomas walking away with that strange man. And he didn’t look like my boy, no he didn’t. His eyes… his eyes were different, like a different person. I don’t know where he is and I don’t know what they’ve done to him.” The words were now rushing out before the tears could return. “And he never said goodbye and he never contacted me afterwards. I just want my little boy back!”
 “Would you like a cup of coffee?” Kathy offered.
“Yes, please,” replied Thomas’ mother. She smiled weakly at the offer and managed to stave off the tears long enough for Kathy to leave for the office kitchen. While there, the solitude and comparative quiet gave her a chance to think.
Something strange had happened to Thomas. The afternoon before his disappearance, it was true that he had been acting oddly. Nothing suspicious, nothing to indicate that anything was wrong- just different. He had used words and phrases he had never used before. He had used gestures and body language that was alien to him. At times, he seemed forgetful- it had taken him a few minutes to remember a camping trip he and Kathy had once been on. Nothing suspicious, but odd. And perhaps important in the light of his disappearance.
These thoughts accompanied her while she carried the coffee to Mrs. Wilson. Her thought stream was incomplete, and she knew not what might have happened to her friend, but something inside her told her that this was no ordinary case of a missing person. Ordinarily it’s kidnap, or running away from home, or suicide- but none of these possibilities seemed to make sense with Thomas, given what Kathy knew of his character and of the events surrounding his departure. He had left voluntarily, from what Barbara told her. Yet there was also something very suspicious about it. 
Kathy brought Mrs. Wilson the coffee and sat down next to her.
“Mrs. Wilson, how far have you come today?”
“I travelled from Leeds to get here. It’s where he grew up, see. It’s where I still live. He moved away to university a few years ago and never looked back. He always was eager to move to the capital.”
Now that things had calmed down somewhat, Kathy suddenly noticed the state of Mrs. Wilson’s clothes. It appeared she hadn’t changed or washed in a week and all she carried with her was a small handbag packed full of bare essentials. 
“If I’m being honest, dear,” said Mrs. Wilson, noticing Kathy’s gaze, “I haven’t been able to look after myself in the past week, what with Francis dying… and Thomas going…”
She broke down in a fresh flurry of tears and poor Kathy was left once more in the awkward position of having to hold the her hand while not having the slightest clue what to say to comfort her. After a few minutes, she decided to move Mrs. Wilson into the cafeteria where they could talk some more and have something to eat. Cold comfort in the light of what has happened, but it was something.
In the cafeteria, Mrs. Wilson seemed in better spirits. She even managed a weak smile and could fight back the tears once more. Her make-up had run so badly, though, that her face resembled that of a clown. 
“Mrs. Wilson, I’ll write something for tomorrow’s issue of the Daily Herald about Thomas’ disappearance. That way, hopefully someone will come forward. In the meantime, I think we should contact the police and report Thomas as a missing person. That doesn’t mean we can’t do our own investigation, though. Do you have any kind of CCTV on or near your property?”
“No,” said Mrs. Wilson. “Oh! But my neighbour Jeff has one installed. Why?”
“Because if it’s working, that CCTV may have footage of the man who took your son and the car he left in. If we can find that, we may be able to find your son.”
Mrs. Wilson liked the idea, so Kathy left her in the cafeteria with the promise that she would return to draft up the missing person report for tomorrow’s issue. When she had done that, she offered to give Mrs. Wilson a lift home.
“Oh, no, dear, it’s much too far. Leeds is several hours drive from here. I’ll take the train.”
“I insist, Mrs. Wilson,” said Kathy forcefully. “If we are going to write an article about your son’s disappearance, it would be useful to be able to say how he disappeared. Besides, he’s my friend. I want to find him just as much as you do.”
With that, Mrs. Wilson reluctantly agreed to let Kathy drive her home to Leeds.
The drive between London and Leeds lasted several hours. Much of it was spent in silence as Mrs. Wilson sat in contemplation and Kathy respected her privacy, choosing instead to concentrate on the road. At times, Kathy tried to pry some information from her passenger about the circumstances around Thomas’ disappearance: how had he been acting in the days before he left? Would his father’s disappearance have led him to run away and seek solitude? Yet each time she asked, though Mrs. Wilson valiantly tried to answer, her words ended up being shrouded in blubbering and tears. Kathy soon learned to leave the subject alone for the time being.
On one subject, however, her passenger was quite talkative. It was apparent that she nursed a passion for pottery and had in fact made many vases and ornaments in the past- on a purely amateur basis, unfortunately, although she would have loved to go into it professionally. Kathy was unsure how the conversation had wound itself onto this topic. She had asked Mrs. Wilson about the last time Thomas had called home before his latest visit, and she had somehow skilfully changed the subject onto something else completely.
“I’ve made vases and pots and plates and trays,” she was warbling happily. “I can show you when we get to mine, dear, if you like.”
Kathy obliged reluctantly. She had little interest in pottery, but could see that this topic was a necessary distraction for Mrs. Wilson from her grief. While she immersed herself in the world of her hobby, she could forget about her dead husband and missing son. So Kathy listened as Mrs. Wilson spent the last half hour of the journey regaling her with stories of things she had made; of the history of the pottery industry, and how it could be used in archaeology; of which manufacturers were worth the most. Kathy found common ground with her passenger on the subject of the Antiques Road Show, which both of them watched- although for Mrs. Wilson it was a religious affair, while Kathy only did it on the odd bored day when no work was coming her way. Still, it gave them something to talk about as they left the motorway and neared the suburbs of Leeds. Mrs. Wilson’s knowledge was encyclopaedic and Kathy made a mental note to come her way if ever she needed anything valued. 
Mrs. Wilson’s house was on the edge of the city. It was a standard semi-detached house like those found in many a suburban area. Its sole distinguishing feature was a chimney which had been slanted ever since the late Mister Wilson had a fall while mending the roof. Other than that, it was almost identical to every other house on the street. Kathy parked her car in the drive and entered.
“Would you like a cup of tea?” offered Mrs. Wilson. Though still obviously distraught, she seemed calmer now that she was in her own home.
“Yes, please. No milk, two sugars,” replied Kathy. Mrs. Wilson left Kathy in the sitting room while she went into the kitchen.
While waiting for Mrs. Wilson to return with the tea, Kathy had the opportunity to view her home and perhaps begin some investigating. It was a long shot, but maybe there was some clue in this house as to Thomas’ whereabouts.
The room was a standard sitting room. It had a sofa, two chairs and an old monochrome television in the corner. On the mantelpiece was a forest of various hand-made clay ornaments, within which were nestled the kind of pictures any doting parents would keep: photographs of Thomas growing up, images of his parents in many a happy pose on many a happy occasion. 
One photograph in particular caught her eye. It depicted the happy family on a holiday many years ago. They were standing on a beach with the sunset in the background and a sign beside them with something undecipherable written in Greek. It must have been old because Thomas was but a boy in the picture and the edges were becoming faded. The family were beaming almost as brightly as the sun behind them. It stuck out to Kathy because Thomas had mentioned this holiday to her once: he had been ten years old, they had gone to Greece and it had been one of the happiest times of his life. 
All very interesting, but not much use in tracing a missing person.
Mrs. Wilson entered the room with a pot of tea and two cups full to the brim with the most delicious tea Kathy had ever had the pleasure to taste. The multiple flavours danced a merry jig in her mouth: first bitter, then sweet, then with a hint of some kind of fruit. She had not registered it before, but the temperature today was quite cold and the warm sensation of hot tea coursing down her throat was perfect for both body and soul. It warmed her cockles on this cold day and, for a very brief time, made her forget about Thomas.
“Mrs. Wilson, where did you get this tea?” asked Kathy.
 “My late husband got it from Cambodia. He was a bit of an amateur explorer in later life. I never went with him- I always enjoyed my creature comforts- but he never failed to bring back a souvenir.”
Kathy made a mental note to visit Cambodia sometime, just to seek out this particular blend of tea.
When they had finished their tea, they resolved to visit Jeff and his CCTV system next door.
It took a while for Jeff to answer the doorbell. When he did finally arrive at the door, it was apparent why: he was an old man with a walking stick who had obviously struggled to move from the front room. When he saw Mrs. Wilson, his face lit up in a sympathetic smile. He was one of those people whose appearance would normally be thought of as ugly, but who suddenly exudes an inner beauty when happiness shines from his face.
“Barbara! How are you today?” he greeted enthusiastically. 
“Better, thank you. This nice young lady has been a great comfort to me today,” answered Mrs. Wilson.
“And who is this bright young thing you bring with you?”
“This is Kathy Turner, a friend of Thomas’…” she paused. It seemed whenever something reminded her of him, she would struggle to fight back the tears. She recovered quickly and added, “She’s helping me search for him.”
“Well, come on in! I’ll do all I can to help,” said Jeff, inviting them into his humble abode.
The two women followed Jeff into his home. It was slow going on account of Jeff’s impediment; nevertheless, it allowed Kathy a good view of his house. The hallway was like any other in appearance, but its atmosphere was blessed with the smell that lingers in the home of any old person; a not unpleasant aroma which speaks of age and antiquity, of a home where the furniture has grown up with the owner. A staircase of aged mahogany ascended on the left and a small, battered table stood to the right. Completing the ensemble was a carpet carrying a pattern not seen since the sixties. 
Jeff turned through a door on the right into what appeared to be a sitting room. Yet Kathy could only guess what this room was, for the furniture, chattels, decorations and contents seemed all to be hidden under layers upon layers of old newspapers and magazines, photographs and mementos so that it was difficult to tell what lay beneath the clutter. A skull from some oriental beast lay on the sofa; a splintered spear leant haphazardly against the wall; an old first edition copy of a Charles Dickens novel had been carelessly thrown against a table. Clearly, Jeff was a hoarder, and clearly he had lived a life worth hoarding. Wordlessly Jeff had informed Kathy of his adventurous and illustrious past simply by allowing her into this room and letting her eyes peruse the collectibles he had amassed before old age and illness struck him down. Without besmirching the old man’s collection, Kathy remarked to herself that the house lacked and needed a woman’s touch. It then became apparent why Jeff lived alone and had such a close friendship with his neighbour: on his mantelpiece, the one part of the room free from clutter, were a collection of photographs depicting a younger Jeff with a handsome woman in various poses and locations. In the midst of this pictorial display was an urn. 
Jeff hastily- if such a word can be used to describe a man of Jeff’s age and agility- cleared the seats to allow his two guests to sit themselves on what now revealed itself from under the clutter to be a luxurious leather sofa. This did little to improve the image of the room: rather than making it appear any tidier or cleaner, it simply emphasised the mess on the already cluttered floor. Still, at least the two ladies now had somewhere to sit.
Once seated, an awkward silence fell. The outgoing man who had revealed himself at the door became uncharacteristically quiet and shuffled in his seat waiting for someone to break the tension. Barbara, on her part, also sat quietly, although not out of awkwardness but out of subordination. She was still nursing the fresh wounds of a missing son and deceased husband, and had seemed to leave it to Kathy- Kathy, the smart, southern reporter, friend of Thomas and finder of missing people- to take the lead. She also seemed rather comfortable in this house and apparently did not feel the need to say anything at all but rather enjoyed the musty atmosphere of the room of collectibles. It fell, then, to Kathy to begin the conversation.
“Well, Mister… what can I call you?” she asked.
“Just call me Jeff. My last name is Anderson, but I won’t be doing with any ‘Mister Anderson’ nonsense. Jeff will do.”
“Mister Jeff, we’ve come to ask to look at your CCTV footage for the day when Thomas disappeared.” When Jeff frowned, Kathy continued, “We heard you had a CCTV system. You do have one, don’t you?”
“Yes, I do,” replied Jeff thoughtfully. His face crumpled into a pained expression, as if the mere mention of ‘CCTV’ was somehow unpleasant for him. His eyes began to moisten and his breathing became heavy. He remained in this state for several seconds and Kathy feared interrupting him, in case he leapt up like a wild beast and ordered the two of them out of his home. 
Suddenly his face lifted and his frown disappeared. “Sorry about that,” he waved it off, as if his reaction had been entirely normal. “I do have CCTV, but I can’t abide the thing. To tell you the truth I wouldn’t be surprised if it’s run out of film… if that’s even how it works. It was the idea of my late wife to install it. I was never keen. She thought it would give us a degree of protection… but it didn’t protect her in the end.”
“I’m so sorry,” opined Kathy. “What happened to her?”
“Car accident,” stated Jeff matter-of-factly. “Not that CCTV could ever have protected her from that. She was walking home one day from shopping and then she was gone.”
Jeff’s manner surprised Kathy. He had described his wife’s fatal accident without even the hint of emotion. Then again, the urn on the mantelpiece did look dated. She didn’t doubt that Jeff missed his wife, but at the same time it seemed she had died long ago so that the seven stages of grief had long since passed and Jeff had learnt to accept her passing.
“I can’t abide technology,” continued Jeff, changing subject. “I’ve never turned the CCTV on. I’ve never turned it off, come to think of it, so it may have been recording that night, but I’d have no idea how to find the footage.”
Jeff’s face suddenly became withdrawn, gaunt. His nonchalant attitude had apparently been hiding his deeper grief, and now that technology was on his mind it began to show. Technology… that incompetent beast which, right or wrong, Jeff blamed for his tragic loss. If the car had not been invented, then his beloved soul-mate would never have been run down. That had been his first thought. Then his paranoid attitude had extended to other areas of technology: why hadn’t CCTV been able to stop it? Why couldn’t the traffic lights have shone red, not green? As he thought more deeply, he had uncovered deeper and deeper layers of conspiracy until his mind was so hardwired into that way of thinking- that technology was responsible for all the world’s evils- that his views would have seemed completely irrational to any listener.
Not that his listeners would have complained. They would have understood the grief and trauma he was going through- as Kathy and Barbara did. As he sat there withdrawing into himself, he began to mutter under his breath barely coherent complaints against his chosen scapegoat. Yet they were coherent enough that Kathy could understand the gist of what he was saying and instantly felt sorry for the poor man. He had clearly been through a lot, emotionally, and was in desperate need of clinging tightly to his scapegoat for the simple preservation of his sanity.
Barbara was not listening to his mumbling. She had other things on her mind to occupy her. The thoughts in Barbara’s head were visible on her face: her bittersweet smile told Kathy that the nostalgic film reel was playing once more in her memory, showing her times and people long gone. Besides, she clearly knew this man well and already knew his attitudes. Perhaps she even shared them. 
Kathy realised she now found herself between two widowed people, both mourning silently. The conversation had lagged and if it did not start up again, she would not find any clues. 
“Perhaps technology may find Thomas and bring him back to us,” she offered.
Jeff replied: “Yes, perhaps it may.” As he spoke, he seemed to come back to reality and leave behind his inner shell. “Let’s go and check the CCTV- if you know how,” he added sheepishly.
Jeff led the two women into a room in the back of his house where his garage would have been, had he had a car. For a man who despised technology, this room was well kitted out: there were about eight fairly modern looking television screens adorning one wall and connected to a computer system which, although it looked dated, was comparatively new. It must be remembered that technology becomes dated very quickly.
The equipment was running off its own steam. It had apparently been doing so for a very long time: as well as mod cons, the room was unsurprisingly empty of clutter and had a different smell, a different atmosphere, a different look to the rest of the house. It was evident that Jeff had not entered this room himself for a very long time: cobwebs adorned the walls and spiders scuttled freely about the floor. 
It was an odd sort of room if truth be told. Behind the impressive and uncharacteristic additions was traditional flowery wallpaper that you wouldn’t expect to find in a room of this purpose. It was a faded green and pink and not at all pleasant to look at. If anything, it was a blessing that most of it was blocked off by the computer monitors.
Kathy knew immediately that this room had not only been the idea of Jeff’s late wife, but also her sole effort too. She admired her for the obvious effort that had been put into this room. In her mind, the late Mrs. Anderson was a strong, independent, capable woman. Despite having never met her, and despite the fact that this mental image was based on nothing at all but speculation, Kathy began to feel sad that she was gone; even more so when she saw Jeff’s face as he walked into this room.
As he had crossed the threshold into the room in question, Jeff’s face had suffered a momentary contortion. It lasted but a second, but it betrayed the inner storm that Jeff must have been hiding every day since the unnamed wife’s death: that one look betrayed a deep sadness, an unresolved grief- despite his glib talk earlier- and perhaps even a bit of guilt. Kathy suspected that it was not technophobia that had kept him out of this room for so long, but a kind of desire to preserve his late wife’s memory- or even a desire to avoid the pain of her passing. She began to feel slightly intrusive at having entered this room at all, as if walking into a distinctly private moment between a couple.
Changing tack in her mind, Kathy examined the monitors. It amazed her that the system had continued running for so long without any human intervention. The eight screens covered a surprising range: she could see every angle outside the front of the house, in the back garden and even in the porch. Although she could not see the cameras themselves, the images on the screens indicated that they were likely in hidden positions in trees, bushes and under gnomes or garden ornaments. 
The video feed seemed to run into the computer. Although it seemed slightly worn and battered and threatening to break down at any moment, it was like a faithful vehicle that keeps on going despite having an empty tank and a few parts missing. Kathy assumed- nay, hoped- that the hard drive wasn’t so full that it didn’t have room for footage of the day of Thomas’ disappearance.
Kathy asked to look at the computer.
“Sure, be my guest,” said Jeff in a puzzled tone. “Truth be told, I wouldn’t have the first idea about how to work this thing. If you can do it, feel free.”
The screen had turned itself off into hibernation mode. One move of the mouse reanimated the screen to show a simple layout: there were eight different boxes representing the eight different monitors and cameras. One only had to click onto one of the boxes and it would give access to the data store from that camera.
Kathy glanced back at the monitors. Many of the screens were useless: three showed the back garden, one showed the porch and two more showed the front of the house at unusable angles. Yet one, in the top left corner of the screen bank, was useful. It displayed the driveway of Jeff’s house and also, just on the edge of the screen, it showed the side of Barbara’s driveway down which Thomas would have walked and at the end of which his kidnapper’s car would have parked.
The camera in question was camera 3, so she looked up the records for this camera on the computer. She breathed a sigh of relief when she found that, despite neglect, the CCTV system had continued working right until this very day. Better still, it not only recorded images- in colour- but also sound.
She found the right day and the right time of the right day and clicked “view footage”.
A window opened on the computer screen. It showed the date and time it was recording at the bottom left hand of the screen in neat white characters; apart from that, the view was unobscured. 
The sound quality was a little bit muffled and quite quiet, but Kathy could make out the murmurings of a conversation. It was being held in low whispers with a tone of importance. One man’s voice was clearly that of Thomas, despite the distortion; the other she did not recognise. She guessed that the pair of them were walking down the driveway next door and were not yet in sight of the camera.
A black cab was visible parked outside the front of Barbara’s house. Kathy strained to read its number plate: AG8 FH89. She jotted it down on a pad and made a mental note to find the driver of this cab, if possible, and interrogate him about where he took his two passengers.
Suddenly two men came into sight on the footage. Thomas was accompanied by a man in a black suit carrying a briefcase. The image was small, but she could make out that he had a long, sallow and unsmiling visage. Thomas seemed to be following him wordlessly towards the cab. She could only see the back of his head, but then he turned to look back at the house he was leaving, his home.
The expression on Thomas’ face shocked Kathy so much that she drew a sharp intake of breath. The person standing there was clearly Thomas, yet despite the size of the image at which she was gazing, she could make out clearly his facial expression and it looked… wrong. In short, it didn’t look like Thomas. It was like looking at a dead relative or pet: you know it’s the person you once knew and loved, and all their features are there in the same positions and same proportions as before, but somehow something inexplicable and indescribable is different, is missing, so that it is no longer that person. It is as if their soul has gone. It was that look that now adorned Thomas’ face. It was like a stranger was inhabiting his body and the soul, essence, mind- call it what you will- of Thomas had disappeared.
He had only glanced back home for an instant before falling back into line behind the suited stranger. He followed him into the cab and was gone.
Kathy continued watching the footage. She put it on fast forward to see if anything else happened. She saw Barbara descend her driveway to the place where her son had been and stand there dejectedly for a while. She saw her gesticulate as if calling out for her son. It lasted a few minutes in Kathy’s viewing, but this, of course, represented a longer time in reality due to the fact that the footage was on fast forward. Eventually Barbara gave up and trudged back into her house dejectedly.
At this point Kathy paused the video and looked behind her. Both Jeff and Barbara had been watching the recording and both had sad expressions on their faces. Jeff still looked a little pained to be in this room at all, and Kathy also detected a hint of bafflement at how she was using the technology. 
Kathy’s gaze turned to Barbara. It had suddenly occurred to her that reliving the day her son left on screen may be traumatising to her. It seemed slightly tactless in hindsight. Barbara’s expression did indeed look pained, and more so than Jeff’s.
“It was that look,” said Barbara drily. She spoke with the voice of someone who had simply run out of tears. “That look he gave me on the driveway when he was leaving. It just wasn’t him. I mean, it was Thomas- how could it not be?- but it seemed like there was a different person standing there. My Thomas did not leave me that day to go into the taxi; he left me when that man came visiting.”
“That man…” she began. “That man changed him. Something he said, something he did, killed my boy. His body still lives, but his mind was killed and replaced with that of another man that day. I’m sure of it.”
Kathy took a moment to consider this theory. Was it at all possible that grief could do that to you? She had heard of split personalities and schizophrenia and multiple personalities… was it possible that a traumatic event such as the death of one’s father could induce such a syndrome, so that the man walking away from the house in the footage was not, in actual fact, Thomas, but an alternative personality with an alternative set of memories who did not recognise his own mother? It sounded fanciful… but remembering the look on his face, it also seemed plausible.
“They were talking in the hallway,” continued Barbara. “That man was saying such frightful things. I could hear some of what they were saying. I heard him denigrating my husband’s memory. I heard him…”- At this point she almost broke down in tears- “I heard him say that he was not Thomas’ father, that all Thomas’ memories of his childhood and his father were wrong. I don’t know what he meant, but it sounded so terrible. He said it in such a cold, unfeeling voice as well. It must have affected my Thomas. It must have shook him to the core because my boy would not have left me so unceremoniously and would not have left me alone, sick with fright and worry, for a week without calling…”
Kathy felt Barbara’s pain. But here was a lead! It suddenly struck Kathy that the most logical step would be to track down this mysterious visitor who took Thomas away and find out who he was and what he had done. If Barbara could remember some details of the conversation, perhaps…
“Barbara,” asked Kathy, “Do you remember anything about this man? What his name was, if he worked for anyone?”
“I do,” replied Barbara, “as a matter of fact, I do. His name was… Pieterson! Yes, that’s it, Pieterson! And he said he was from a company called… PCM? TDM? Oh, something like that. It was a three letter acronym, I remember that much.”
Kathy got an almost depraved level of joy and excitement out of finally having some clue of what happened to her friend. Now, if only she could track down this ‘Pieterson’.
“Do you remember exactly what the company was called?” pressed Kathy. When Barbara’s face became contorted in thought, she urged, “think, Barbara! This is important.”
After much thought, Barbara announced, “…TGN. Yes, I’m sure of it, the company was called TGN. I think. I missed the first part of the conversation, you see.”
So the search was on for a ‘Pieterson’ from a company called ‘TGN’. That was enough- Kathy decided against interrogating the grieving widow further for the sake of avoiding putting any more stress on her already weary soul.
She pressed ‘start’ again on the footage to see if anything else happened that day. A few people walked past, a couple seemed to be arguing in the street for a few minutes and a stray dog strolled by at one time, but there was no sign of Thomas or ‘Pieterson’ returning. 
Still, Kathy had all she needed now. She had enough to begin a proper search and nothing more was to be gleaned from the CCTV system, so she decided to shut it down and leave the room.
On doing so, Jeff seemed relieved. So did Barbara. It seemed that each of them had a reason to dislike being in that room and each seemed glad to be out of it- for the memories it invoked, and for the leads that had been found.
Kathy and Barbara stayed at Jeff’s for a short while longer to discuss what they had seen, and what to do next. It was agreed that Kathy should use her journalistic clout to investigate the man, his company and his vehicle to find some sort of trail and, ultimately, to find Thomas. In the meantime, she would also write a missing person’s article for the next issue of the paper.
“Can I suggest something obvious?” asked Jeff, suddenly irritated and inexplicably perplexed. 
“Go on,” urged Kathy.
“Shouldn’t we call the police and let them find him?”
The room fell silent. In all the scheming, this most obvious and sensible of actions had been neglected.
“Of course!” agreed Barbara. “We’d already discussed that, but somehow didn’t get round to it.”
With that, Barbara left the room to telephone for the police, leaving Kathy and Jeff alone in the living room.
“Do you think we’ll find him?” asked Jeff tentatively.
Kathy bit her lip. “Maybe,” she said. “But if we don’t try, then it’s certain we won’t. Newspaper appeals for missing people are sometimes successful, sometimes not- but it’s definitely worth it.”
But this is no ordinary case, thought Kathy. She remembered her thoughts from the coffee run. She knew Thomas and she knew missing person cases, and this was something different.
Barbara re-entered the room and sat down silently, appearing almost satisfied. 
“Any luck?” asked Jeff.
“I’ve phoned the police, and they’ve put him down as a missing person,” she said simply. For the first time since Kathy had met her today, Barbara was almost relaxed. Her son, who this morning had seemed impossibly gone, was now the subject of both a police and a journalistic investigation. She had hope.
“I’ll liaise with them in my investigations,” said Kathy. “Let them know what I found, show them the CCTV footage.”
Kathy decided to leave immediately and said her goodbyes. There was no time for idle small talk. She could not have engaged in it, anyway, for her mind was on other things. She knew not specifically had happened to her best friend, but it was clear that this case was about something more than just a missing person.



Chapter 3
The man recovered briefly.
It was brief, to be sure; only for a matter of seconds, but it was enough for him to recover his senses and hurl abuse at his tormentors.
“You bastards!” he roared. “You evil bastards! Let me go at once!”
If his hands and feet were not shackled to the table, he would have jumped up and smacked them all in the face; as it was, he could not, and was forced to content himself with mere verbal attacks. Though his words stood no chance of gaining him freedom, they gave him a sense of power, however small and ineffective, over his captors. Perhaps it would have been more sensible to remain silent and wait for an opportunity to escape, but he had always been an emotional man.
He had always been an emotional man. Ah yes, the memories came flooding back: his childhood, his home, his girlfriend, his dog.  In a matter of milliseconds, all that had been hidden from him was revealed and his identity restored.
Eighteen seconds, to be exact, he was conscious. It took no time at all for the surgeons to re-administer the injection and sedate him once more. His outburst shocked them. In all, there were five surgeons crowded around him. None of them had been giving their attention to him: he understood this was a long term procedure requiring complex chemical calculations, and so the team had been busy preparing instruments and solutions to keep him in the required state.
All around was chaos:
“Nurse, the pipette!”
“Stimulate the gland!”
“Where are my gloves?”
“On the table, Miguel- now quickly, inject him!”
Once again, he felt the cold metal penetrate his skin and the now familiar solution coursing through his bloodstream towards his brain.
“Who did it? How did it happen?”
“It’s that bloody TGN again.”
“Shit. It’s happening more and more often these past few days… we’ll have to do something about them.”
These were the last words he heard before the process began once more.
Memories faded into nothingness; notions of identity began to blur; the world around him began to change. It would have been a familiar sensation to him, except memory is required for the concept of familiarity to work, and this procedure was designed specifically to wipe out memories and even reality.
Blackness enveloped: then a flying sensation, as if a being of energy or soul, free from bodily restraints…
Then he found himself in another facility, equally as sinister as the first but with different people and a different layout.
A man with the air of a Victorian dandy sat before him with a relaxed smile.
“Hello,” said the man. “My name is Douglas. What’s yours?”
It was the day following Kathy’s meeting with Jeff and Barbara. It was eight o’clock in the morning and she was on her way to work. Her first business was to liaise with the police and to put out a missing person story about Thomas. But work cannot be done on an empty stomach, and, despite the urgency of the matter, she was following her normal daily routine.
At eight o’clock every morning, she would visit a café on an obscure street in London and have her breakfast. Every day it was the same: a full English breakfast consisting of two rashers of bacon, one fried egg and beans. The café was a small, family-run affair called “Coffee stop”. It was nothing special: a small, plain white shop front with its name written in large yet inconspicuous letters above the main shop window. Inside were about half a dozen tables with four chairs around each one. It didn’t get much business: Kathy was usually the only customer when she went there.
Despite appearances, Coffee Stop’s full English breakfast was one of the best Kathy had ever had. She had found this small, nondescript place two years previous when she had been working on a story about a local teenager who had started a small campaign against mosquitoes- those devices attached to shop fronts that emit high pitched noises which only under 18s can hear, designed to prevent youths hanging around outside- which had gone national. He had argued that they were discriminatory against young people in general and could harm babies and toddlers too. After covering that story, Kathy had felt a little bit peckish and sought out somewhere local to eat. She had noticed this place and had gone in, although the appearance was unimpressive to say the least. Nevertheless, she had instantly fallen in love with their cuisine and ever since she had taken a short detour every day on her way to work to enjoy their breakfast.
She had obviously become a local and was one of their favourite customers. This effect had been bolstered by the fact that she was also one of their only customers. Sometimes Kathy wondered whether it was her daily visit alone which prevented Coffee Stop from going out of business. 
The shop was run by a kindly middle aged married couple called Hannah and Pete Winkleman. Both had an appearance typical for someone who worked in the food industry: Pete was fairly portly while Hannah was verging on obese; yet both fulfilled the stereotype of the “jolly fat man”. It was a rare occasion to see either of them without a smile on their face, beaming out at every customer who chanced to enter.
Kathy was sitting in her usual spot by the window where she could look out at the world around her. Of course, this being a small suburban establishment, that ‘world’ merely consisted of a few semi-detached houses, a traffic light and- on the corner of her vision- a small park. Still, it was a nice view if only for the people. She knew this neighbourhood now like the back of her hand and she knew its people well too. Just like her, there seemed to be a routine to everything in the lives of the locals.
At five to eight every morning, Kathy would arrive. Her breakfast would be served by eight o’clock and it would take her half an hour to eat it, finish her tea and leave. At seven minutes past eight every morning, an elderly gentlemen would pass Coffee Stop on his morning run. At nine minutes past eight every morning, a group of three schoolchildren would rush past on their way to the bus stop. At seventeen minutes past eight every morning, a married couple would stroll past in the opposite direction in a stony silence- they clearly argued frequently and barely got on; Kathy wondered what kept them together at all. Finally, at twenty two minutes past eight every morning, a young woman in her thirties would walk past towards the park with her dog.
Perhaps it was the incessant, clockwork-like rhythm of this neighbourhood that Kathy enjoyed. In a job as varied as journalism, it is sometimes nice to have something constant and reliable as part of your day.
Something was different about today, however. The normally empty café had some newcomers: on the other side of the room were three men crowded around a table having breakfast and tea. They could not have looked more mismatched: one wore a suit befitting one who worked in finance in the City; another wore a lab coat, spectacles and a badly fitting toupee; the other had long hair styled into dreadlocks, the beginnings of a beard and looked as if he had been part of the ‘flower power’ generation of the seventies and had never grown up.
Kathy’s thoughts normally occupied her head during her morning meal. Presently, however, she found herself immersed in the conversation of the three strangers.
The hippy, as she had decided to call the dreadlocked man, was in the midst of discussing something which, by the looks on the faces of his two companions, seemed to thoroughly bore the businessman and frustrate the scientist. The businessman- as she had named the suited man- appeared uncomfortable in general with both of his companions, including the scientist (the name she had given to the man in the lab coat). He seemed to be preoccupied by something and was regularly checking his watch and his mobile phone- a blackberry, of course- and then glancing haughtily back at his companions as they continued their animated discussion. The scientist, on the other hand, seemed completely oblivious to his friend’s nonchalance and was thoroughly engaged in the discussion. His expression indicated concern and irritation as he attempted to show the hippy the error of his ways. There was something slightly arrogant in the stance of the scientist, as if he thought he knew best and would not suffer fools gladly- and he clearly considered the hippy to be a fool, unacquainted with the latest scientific knowledge. Equally, there was something child-like and naïve about the hippy- a willingness to bounce from idea to idea without so much as a shred of evidence or proof, simply because the idea sounded good. Kathy stared quite openly at their lively conversation; the businessman noticed her attention, but clearly had other things on his mind. He made a quiet grunting noise and glanced back at his phone. The hippy and the scientist were too engaged in their own matters to even notice the attention of the stranger in the café.
“…I’m telling you, it’s true!” said the hippy insistently. “At the very least, Arnold, you cannot discount the possibility.” (Kathy had begun observing them mid-conversation and at this point did not know what the trio were discussing.)
“Of course it’s possible, but it’s not probable. Not in our lifetimes,” urged the scientist, who Kathy had worked out was called Arnold. “Look, Reg, since I last met you I’ve been scouring the scientific journals for any hint of what you mention. If it was possible…” he paused. “If it was discovered, I mean, I would have found it by now. But there’s nothing there. Not even an article discounting the possibility. Nobody within the scientific community has even begun any kind of research into it. And if they had, it would have made big news- national, probably even international.”
“So why not look into it yourself?” urged the hippy, whose name had revealed itself to be Reg. “You’re a scientist- you work in the government laboratories- you have ample opportunity to find out how it’s done!”
Arnold sighed. “It’s not that simple. I don’t work alone, I’m part of a team, and we’re already in the course of a long term research project about the neurological causes of Parkinson’s disease. To delay that research, to can it in favour of… of your ludicrous idea… well, it would be monstrous! Our work at the moment is vital to hundreds- nay, thousands- of people. If we are successful, we may be one step closer to curing a debilitating condition. I cannot give all that up to follow your fanciful whims!”
Silence reigned for a moment. Then Reg spoke up, in a timid voice, “They’re not fanciful whims.”
“Oh, shut up!” said Arnold, irritated. “Of course they are! What you propose is absurd!”
Reg continued, “I do not propose it. I merely report it. I’m telling you, I’ve heard from people who know about these things. You say it’s not in any scientific journals- well, it wouldn’t be! It’s been discovered by a private company- and why would they want to share it with the world? What advantage would it be to them?”
“You just don’t understand science,” said Arnold, condescendingly. “The essence of science is a search for truth, for the benefit of the whole of mankind. A true scientist who had embarked upon a discovery as colossal as you claim would feel duty-bound to tell the whole world.”
“And you, Arnold,”- by this point real irritation was beginning to show in Reg the hippy’s voice and mannerisms- “don’t understand the world. Can you honestly be unaware of secret scientific discoveries hidden from the public by governments and private companies for years? They usually justify it with non-reasons like “national security”; or they don’t even bother to hide their selfish motives and just come out and say they’ll keep the formula secret to boost profits. Whatever their reason, it is not unheard of for scientific discovery to be hidden for a long, long time.”
“Perhaps you are right,” conceded Arnold. “Perhaps it is possible”- this word was spat out with such venom that Kathy could not understand- “that this discovery, the procedure, was kept hidden from us for some dark reasons. But tell me, Reg- what evidence do you have that it has been kept in the dark, that it even exists, that people can- and even if they can , that they would- do this? I mean, even if it’s possible, it’s a monstrous possibility! To deprive a man of his identity, his soul- and against his will! Honestly, Reg, where have you heard these rumours?”
“I have sources.” The words came out of Reg’s mouth in a tone that would have seemed comical or mysterious, had his expression not suddenly become more serious. “It must be kept secret, though.” At that point Reg glanced around the café suspiciously and his eyes arrived at Kathy. An instant understanding passed between them and Kathy quickly turned her gaze down to her food in a vain attempt to hide her eavesdropping. She knew that she had been seen, though. 
“Anyone could be watching,” uttered Reg mysteriously, although Kathy knew he was talking about her. Her face flushed hot and red and she busied herself with her breakfast as if her fried egg was the most fascinating thing in the world.
She was aware, despite her attempt to make herself as small as possible and hide from the hippy’s accusing glare, that he had begun to speak in whispers to his companion. Occasionally she would hear Arnold exhale gasps of breath or utter incomprehensibly and barely audibly phrases such as, “No!” and “Surely not?”. She was also aware, as she could not control the irresistible urge to glance up every so often, that the businessman remained absent from the conversation and was absent mindedly playing with his mobile phone. One time he looked up and met her gaze, but appeared thoroughly uninterested by the stranger’s interest. 
After that point she made a conscious effort to avoid looking at the strange trio. She had intruded on their conversation enough and did not want to arouse the suspicion of any of them, especially Reg- for he seemed the most paranoid and attentive of them all when he was not busy advocating his cause in the heat of argument- and so she decided to gaze out the window. The view was exactly the same as it had been for the past two years. 
At seven minutes past eight, the elderly gentlemen jogged by. At ten minutes past eight, the three schoolchildren rushed by on their way to the bus stop. ‘One minute later than usual,’ remarked Kathy to herself. Soon after, she saw the same three schoolchildren walking dejectedly past the shop in the other direction. Evidently their one minute discretion has caused them to miss their bus. 
Presently she heard a loud guffawing from the table with the three gentlemen on it. Reg the hippy looked offended; the unnamed businessman had been broken out of his boredom and sat there in astonishment. The sound had emanated from Arnold the scientist: clearly, whatever Reg had been whispering in his ear had amused him greatly.
“Oh come on!” he bellowed at the top of his voice. “You base your claim- on that?” he continued incredulously. “You hear the testimony of two drunk hobos and now you’re telling me something along the lines of ‘Invasion of the Body-snatchers’ is happening?  You seriously believe them?”
“They weren’t just two drunk hobos,” said Reg with his tail firmly between his legs. He looked restless, as if he wanted to prove his point and had just the killer argument to defeat his rival, but was for some reason prevented from using it. He spoke in a rushed manner which indicated his excitement and frustration. “I mean, they were when I spoke to them, but I’ve known them for years. One used to work as a research physicist for Cybertech Industries. They fired him two years back when he went to the papers about their research.”
“Oh really? Did they now?” continued Arnold, who was clearly enjoying the spectacle of mocking his friend. Yet Kathy began to detect something under the surface with Arnold- something uncomfortable, as if he were beginning to believe that his friend had actually stumbled upon something. Or… or as if he already knew that something, and was worried that someone else had found out. “And did any of these papers publish anything as a result of his whistle-blowing activities?”
“Well, n-no,” stammered Reg. “They didn’t believe him.”
“Of course they didn’t!” roared Arnold. His discomfort vanished in an instant and he went back to his gloating. “Who would? It’s such fanciful nonsense that nobody in their right mind would! And-” he nearly couldn’t speak for laughing at this pointed- “And you did!”
Suddenly all of Arnold’s hostility and aggression vanished and he grabbed hold of Reg in an affectionate embrace. It must be said that Reg didn’t appear comfortable with such physical contact with his friend, who had only recently insulted his intelligence.
“Oh, you are funny!” continued Arnold through laughter, almost patronisingly. “I knew there was a reason we kept you around! Here, Dave, what do you think of this?”
Evidently ‘Dave’ was the businessman who had kept silent until now. He did not seem pleased to have been dragged into the conversation and had been viewing Arnold’s sudden outburst with confusion and puzzlement.
“Yeah, funny, real funny,” he said in a noncommittal way. He quickly glanced back at his watch and tried to bow out of the conversation once more.
“Do you know-” continued Arnold, unaware of his friend’s disinterest, “Do you know what he’s been telling me?”
“No,” said Dave, in the way that a man speaks when he had no wish to partake in a conversation but has resigned himself to the fact that he has no way of getting out of it; much like when a drunk accosts you in the street and talks incessantly to you about a certain subject, despite your obvious wish to leave and get on with your day.
“He thinks-” continued Arnold through hales of laughter, “He thinks that it is possible, and indeed commonplace, for people to have body transplants, whereby they are taken from their own body and put into that of another person! He thinks science has found a way to transplant the soul- and all on account of the testimony of two drunks he met in the street one Friday night!”
Dave, evidently, did not find this as hilarious as Arnold did. “What’s so funny about that?” he asked bluntly.
Arnold seemed blustered and stopped dead in his tracks. The laughter stopped as he realised that everyone was looking at him and had been doing so since his outburst. The Winklemans were staring in disbelief from behind the counter; Kathy had started staring again, this time without any shame or attempt to conceal it; Dave was looking at him with an expression of utter disinterest and Reg’s expression was nothing short of forlorn. 
Arnold attempted to explain: “Well, er, it’s funny because it’s ludicrous. It’s ridiculous. We’ve been arguing about it all morning and just now he has told me his evidence for his view. I thought it would be something colossal- indeed, I was hoping for that- but it is merely the testimony of two drunken tramps.” He paused. “That’s funny, isn’t it? Isn’t it?”
Arnold looked thoroughly shamefaced and embarrassed. “But come on, it’s ridiculous!” he suddenly said, louder than intended. “There is no scientific way that is possible! It’s impossible! It can’t be done! And he’s an… er…” 
He had clearly been about to insult Reg’s intelligence but thought better of it. Instead he grew silent and sat there sullenly with his arms folded, while Reg retreated into his thoughts and Dave again busied himself with his phone. 
After this incident, Kathy returned to her almost finished breakfast. It was nearly half past eight and time for her to go to work. It seemed the three men also had to leave. With their conversation over, it was clear that Dave had no interest in remaining in the company of the two other, and Reg and Arnold seemed to have thoroughly fallen out. 
Dave’s phone finally rang and his expression, which had been constant boredom and disinterest until this point, elated into a smile. He answered it excitedly. The conversation was brief and private; when it was over, he said to his companions,
“Listen, I have to go now. Can I give either of you two a lift?”
Arnold just looked at him sullenly. Reg said, “I could do with a lift to work, if you‘re offering.”
“Sure!” said Dave, spirits suddenly raised. “You coming, Arnie?”
Arnold didn’t even consent to answer. He simply gazed at both of them with a look of pure malice and shook his head. Dave shrugged and went to leave.
“You still work at the same place, Reg? It’s been a while since I last saw you, so…”
“No, same place,” answered Reg. “TGN limited, corner of Oxford Street…”
With that, the two men were out the door and walking towards a parked red car on the side of the street.
Kathy started. TGN Limited. That man worked for TGN Limited. And… and the man who had come for Thomas on that fateful day… didn’t he say he represented a firm called TGN?
She rushed out after the two men. As she exited the shop, she could see them both getting into the red Ford Focus on the side of the road. Behind her she heard Mr. Winkleman shouting her name and mentioning an unpaid bill; she would return later to pay, but right now more important things occupied her mind.
“Hey!” she shouted. “Hey, wait, I need to talk to you!”
The two men were already in the car and Dave was turning the ignition.
“Hey! Stop! Please!” she yelled again. This time, she caught their attention.
One of the car windows opened and she was Reg the hippy’s face looking back at her.
It was a kindly face, despite the injury and insult it had so recently suffered. He smiled at her and asked her who she was and what the problem was.
“My name is Kathy Turner and I am a journalist. I’m looking for my friend- he went missing over a week ago and one of the last people he met said he was from a firm called TGN. Can you help me? Please?”
The kindly hippy’s face suddenly turned. It was no longer friendly; instead, it was now serious, almost threatening.
“I’m sorry. I can’t discuss any element of my work or company with you,” he said harshly.
Kathy was taken aback by this sudden change of character. Nevertheless, she continued, beseeching him: “Please, you have to help me. Please!” She knew this was unlikely to turn him around and change his mind, but she had nothing else to say.
“Really, I am sorry, but your friend is gone. I advise you not to investigate further. For your own sake.”
Kathy was shocked. “Is that a threat?” she asked aghast.
Reg didn’t answer. Instead, he turned away from her.
“Drive, drive!” he ordered Dave, who obeyed without question.
The car sped away. Kathy tried in vain to run after it, to follow it; she then thought it would be more logical to follow it in her own car (given that cars can travel at much higher speeds than feet alone) and rushed to where she had parked it. She got in and turned the ignition, but realised to her dismay that she had already lost her prey. 
 She racked her mind for a clue, a lead, anything. She had been so close to a lead- and she had lost it! But there must be something she could do… something else…
Suddenly it hit her. Arnold, the scientist, Reg’s friend- perhaps he knew something!
She exited the car in a hurry and returned to the café just in time to see Arnold walking out the door. She also saw an angry Mr. Winkleman waiting outside for her- no longer was he a jolly fat man; rather, his face resembled that of the enraged sumo wrestler found on the side of some Japanese restaurants. 
“Hey, you!” he shouted. “Pay up! Now! You owe us three pounds!”
“Later!” Kathy yelled back. “Later, I promise!”
She reached Arnold and grabbed him by the shoulder, breathless and barely able to speak for panting.
The scientist looked at her startled. He had been the only one of the three to not notice her eavesdropping- it had positively infuriated Reg when he discovered her interest in their private conversation, while the businessman had noticed from the start but had been so disinterested by the whole affair that it had been of no concern to him. For that reason, Kathy appeared as a stranger to him- he had not even been aware of her sitting in the coffee shop.   
Before him was the flustered visage of a woman in her late twenties. Kathy’s big, green eyes gazed up at him with a sense of urgency and panic: an impression emphasised by her reddened cheeks and crumpled brow. Her long ginger hair, shoulder length, which had been so meticulously done up and put into a bow only a few hours before, had become frazzled by her efforts to catch him. Evidently this was not a woman on friendly terms with exercise and fitness: nevertheless, her form, though not muscular, was lean, fit and not unattractive: her body was shapely and curved, and what little skin was showing- after all, this was a cold, autumn morning- betrayed the pale complexion common to most people of her hair colour.
Kathy could not have known this in the brief time she was standing before him, but Arnold had quite taken a fancy to the young stranger standing before him.  In his late forties and having recently come out of a divorce, he was on the market and on the look-out for some hot young thing to have some fun with. After all, who wouldn’t want him? In his mind, he was convinced that he could have anybody he wanted, that he was some sort of sex god. Kathy’s approach to him- indeed, whenever any woman spoke to him- only appeared to him to be evidence of this fact.
In truth, Arnold was quite an arrogant and obnoxious man- he viewed himself as a man of science, endowed with knowledge the common plebeian could scarcely comprehend.  This, in his mind, set him above most other people he came across in everyday life- a sort of übermensch- and at the same time, perversely, made him the ultimate sex icon. For some reason he was endowed with the idea that, were he to simply divulge his scientific knowledge on the common man- or woman- they would bow down at his feet and give him whatever he desired. This was one reason Reg had irritated him so greatly: not his ignorance, but his refusal to bow to his companion’s superior intellect. Yet the contradiction between his universal loathing of those ‘beneath’ him and his desire to have power- particularly sexual power- over such people had never become apparent to him.
This was, of course, all in his head. While his thoughts were a constant cycle of self gratification and praise, to others he came across as condescending and unpleasant; a greasy old man with no sense of style and a blindness to his own faults. Style is mentioned because of that most conspicuous of his vestments: his toupee. To him, it was a subtle and successful way to hide his lack of hair; to everyone else, it was obvious two miles away and didn’t even match his natural colour. Close up, Kathy could see he wasn’t very keen on personal hygiene either: he had an odour about him like that of old cheese and his skin was greasy and unpleasant to the eye. Yet Kathy was not one to judge, and had more important matters on her mind. 
“Please sir I heard you talking in there- I heard you say your friend, who just drove off, works for a company called TGN- I’m a journalist I need to know about that company can you please help please?”, Kathy said. Her words blurted out in an almost incomprehensible rush, such was her urgency.  She suddenly became aware that her tone had been rushed and utterly unprofessional. 
She calmed her emotions and proceeded more slowly, “I am not just doing this for a journalistic piece, sir. My friend has been missing for over a week now and my investigations have led me to believe that TGN may be able to help me find him.” Knowing that the scientist before her was acquainted with an employee of TGN, she was wary of saying too much. 
Arnold’s expression had become stony. Kathy interpreted this as hostility to her question- perhaps she had asked something wrong, too close to the bone? Perhaps he, too, was affiliated with TGN and the vow of silence extended to him as well?
In truth, Arnold was completely unaware of anything to do with TGN; indeed, he had no interest in it. His expression was borne from disappointment- he had been expecting her to proposition him, or at least begin flirting with him. Her real reason for approaching him had been less than he had been hoping for. Nevertheless, the cogs of his randy mind began turning and he decided to help her.
“TGN?” he said disinterestedly. “I don’t know much about the place. I know it does something to do with investigations, but of what kind I am unaware. I know where its offices are, though. I… I can take you there, if you like.”
Had these circumstances been different, Kathy would have thought twice before accepting a lift from a stranger. Had she been calmer, she may have noticed the look in his eyes, the expression on his face, his general agitation and sudden excitement. Had she been more observant, she may have said no. But this was for Thomas. He was currently her only link to her missing friend: this scientist called Arnold, friend of an employee of the organisation who had taken Thomas and potential taxi driver to its headquarters. He could be the link to finding him. He could be the key to the mystery of Thomas’ disappearance.



Chapter 4
Arnold began walking away from Coffee Stop and round the corner at brisk pace, such that Kathy had difficulty keeping up.
In all the rush to gain a lead in finding Thomas, Kathy had quite forgotten about the Winklemans and the small matter of their bill. Walking past Coffee Stop once more, she was given a sudden reminder in the form of Mr. Winkleman, still standing vigil outside his shop. He was about to demand payment when Kathy- of her own will- went forward and volunteered the money to him, accompanied with a sheepish apology and a brief summary of the situation, after which Mr. Winkleman said he completely understood and would hold nothing against her.
Once this was done, Kathy continued to follow Arnold. He had stopped and waited while Kathy sorted out her debt. A look of annoyance was etched across his face at the delay, yet he forced a smile when she returned into step.
“I do have other places to go and other things to do, you know,” he said, irritated.
Now that she had procured a lift from him to the offices of the chief suspects in Thomas’ disappearance, Kathy began to notice things about her strange courier. For instance, his long strides were reminiscent of science fiction films or television shows where the main character has some terribly important mission to get on with and is in a constant rush to get somewhere. His lab coat billowed behind him oddly. In general, he gave the impression of having a messianic complex, an idea of self-importance; as if every little thing he had to do was vitally important and had to be done with great speed.
She noticed also how, complementing this trait, he would often look back over his shoulder with curious glances. They puzzled Kathy. It felt like his eyes were peering into her soul and finding what they were looking for, but what that was Kathy could only guess: his gaze was unreadable. Yet though she could not fathom his exact intentions, it made her feel as if she were his specimen, his experiment; that he were supremely more powerful and important than her and could do whatever he wished to her, if he so willed it. What exactly he willed remained a mystery. His desire could have been lust or loathing, mere curiosity or something more sinister. Any of these options were possible and Kathy began to have second thoughts about travelling with this man.
Could she trust this man? Her mind turned to his connections. If he was a friend of Reg, the dubious employee of TGN, could he not be leading her into a trap? Reg had been more than explicit in his warning about the consequences of pursuing her investigation. Yet for some reason Kathy trusted that Arnold was not another TGN stooge. For one thing, if he was, she would have expected him to respond in the same reactionary way as Reg did to her questions. His casual and ill-informed response assured her he did not know much about the company. She had also witnessed the resentment held by Arnold towards Reg at the conclusion of their discussion; she had a feeling, therefore, that he would be more than happy to undermine the reputation of his friend’s company. After all, here was a journalist doing an investigative piece on TGN about a missing person! Such a story could spell sweet revenge for the humiliation he had suffered in the café.
Presently Arnold was approaching a green Vauxhall Corsa parked by the side of the road. Before entering, he turned to Kathy and announced: “TGN headquarters is just in the centre of London. As it happens, it’s where I’m heading anyway, so it’s no trouble taking you there”
Kathy felt a twang of fear. If he was going to TGN… then was he another employee? Was he to be the executioner to Reg’s judgment?
“Do you work for TGN?” asked Kathy nervously.
“Oh, no, no, no,” answered Arnold quickly. “I merely work in the area. I work for a research company called Cybertech Industries. We specialise in all kinds of research… well, I suppose we specialise in nothing because we do almost everything!” said Arnold, giving a nervous laugh as if he had said something funny. He was clearly trying to break the ice and impress Kathy with a joke. She was not impressed. 
Rather, her mind was on other things. She found herself once more doubting herself, asking: can I trust this man? Her main concern was that he worked for TGN and might be a danger to her. She had confronted him and was satisfied with his response. He had not grown hard and unfriendly, like the otherwise affable Reg had done; rather, his manner had been that of someone trying to impress a guest. Her overall impression of him was that he had no knowledge or interest in TGN or what happened there. She believed him when he said he worked for Cybertech Industries and so quickly decided to trust him. After all, it was only a half hour car ride. Although she still felt slightly uncomfortable in a corner of her mind, it would be over soon- and she was doing this for Thomas, she reminded herself. 
It was a surreal experience climbing into this car. It felt, once she had seated herself inside, completely normal: her background anxiety vanished and the whole scene took on an absurd feeling of normality. The car’s interior somehow reminded her of her childhood, of Sunday afternoon drives with her father, of the warm and happy feeling associated with that one day when papa would put down his tools and spend time with his family. Not that this situation was in any way comparable, of course: but it was just similar enough to remove the abnormality from the situation so that somehow, Kathy was able to relax into the passenger seat.
“I’ve been working at Cybertech for twenty years now,” continued Arnold, as if there had been no gap in the conversation, “and I’ve worked my way up the ladder. I began merely as a research assistant working on human genetics. Over the years, I’ve worked on many different things: I moved around departments before settling as a full time research scientist in the physics labs.”
Kathy maintained her gaze on him. She had no interest in science but knew that it was only polite to listen. It is always good to keep in the good books of your driver, especially when you don’t know them too well. To keep the conversation going, therefore, she prompted: “Physics?”
“Oh, yes,” said Arnold, leaning closer. He was visibly more animated now that Kathy had shown some interest. “Particularly particle physics. Do you know, the world down there under the microscope is fascinating. It’s all random: electrons and protons and neutrons and quarks flying everywhere, and nobody knows whether they’re particles or waves. In fact,” he leaned closer, “there’s a thing called wave-particle duality, where we believe they are waves and particles at the same time. Imagine that!”
Kathy feigned an expression of astonishment, and Arnold leaned ever more closely to her.
“Everything is governed by particles,” he continued. “Even us. Even us! The body is the most amazing machine ever built and the brain is the control unit. Do you know, some people say we have no free will? And I concur. Our brains are simply machines made of these particles built up into nerve cells called neurons, and our apparently free choices are simply random choices between different neurons made by electrical signals in our brains- and that is it! Randomness: the law of the universe!”
Arnold opened his mouth into a wide grin as if expecting Kathy to fall at his feet in worship of his superior intellect; in reality, Kathy appeared only faintly interested. She was trying to please her new friend by keeping a look of interest plastered across her face but his words bored her and her acting abilities were limited. In truth, she had been expecting something more impressive from a man who carried himself so proudly. 
Sensing Kathy’s lack of enthusiasm, Arnold fell into a sort of sulk and fell silent. Kathy noticed a shadow pass briefly across his face as if an inner dark side was flashing before her: he had, for a second, taken on the appearance of someone much creepier and moodier than she had seen him before. Yet it lasted but a second and he soon returned to his normal self: pompous and self-important, with an undeserved sense of superiority, but unthreatening. Kathy hoped it would not happen again.
He turned the ignition and set off, finally. It must be said that he was in no hurry to reach their destination. The car was cruising steadily down the road, at least ten miles an hour below the speed limit.
The journey passed in silence for some time. It was, however, a pleasant silence and Kathy soon relaxed into her seat again. She even began to enjoy the ride. Her driver was no longer talking to her, so she used the time to gaze out of the window at the neighbourhood they were passing through. It just so happened that they were presently driving through the old neighbourhood where she grew up. 
Through the window she could see her old secondary school, St. Michael’s Grammar School. It had been a fairly exclusive and reclusive school which, like all grammar schools, acted in some manner as a shield to the outside world. This had its advantages: she had heard frightful stories from the local comprehensive school of bullying, staff-pupil relationships, knives and drugs. It shamed her to this day to admit that she had been a bit of a snob in her youth. Upon leaving compulsory education, she had begun to socialise more with former comprehensive pupils and finally learnt that most important of lessons: your origin and schooling do not determine your personality or worth in society. In hindsight, in fact, she realised that many of her current friends from common backgrounds were far nicer people than those she had known while at the grammar school.
She had been a bit of an over-achiever in her schooldays…
‘But, no, why do they call it ‘over’ achiever?’ she suddenly thought to herself. ‘Is there some acceptable limit to achievement, beyond which you should not pass?’ The thought occurred to her to be quite odd- ‘for what is an over-achiever?’, she continued. 
She surveyed her school day successes: for one, her talent for journalism and investigation had manifested itself at a young age when she began to work for the school newspaper, “News4U”. Well, that’s what it had been called when she began: she had always found such titles, using numbers instead of words in an attempt to ‘appeal’ to the younger generation, quite patronising. As soon as she became editor of the paper, she changed the name to the more respectable ‘The Tribune’. It didn’t help increase readership (in fact, some pupils complained that the change of name was simply pretentious) but her following actions, such as creating special music and sport sections within the paper, as well as adding a joke  and comedy section, did make the paper somewhat more popular. 
Her talent for investigation had shown itself during this period of her life. There had been a scandal in her last year involving the headmaster having an affair with one of the students, which would have remained hidden, had it not been for her powers of investigation. Much was made of it at the time: it hadn’t even entered the rumour mill when it was published and the whole school had been in shock. Nobody knew quite how she found out, and she liked to keep it that way- she enjoyed the idea of her ‘enemies’ being in fear of her hidden prowess and quite fancied herself as a sort of ‘ninja of words’. 
Kathy was enjoying reminiscing about her childhood when Arnold tapped her on the shoulder. He was apparently eager to end the silence and start a conversation with her. As she turned, she could see him looking at her with one of his unreadable stares and felt naked before him, as if he were seeing her whole being simply by turning his eyes towards her. Of course, he was not, but such was the impression he made. It felt as if he was looking down on her, too, and she began to feel uncomfortable once more.
Yet his conversation was simple. “Where are you from?” he began. 
“Around here,” she smiled nervously. “We’ve just passed my old school, actually.”
“Ah, the grammar school?” asked Arnold.
“Yes,” confirmed Kathy. At this he turned his eyes away from Kathy and back to his driving. It was a relief to be freed from his captivating glare.
“I went to a catholic school,” he began. He almost spat out the word ‘catholic’ as he said it, and Kathy was taken aback.
“What’s wrong with Catholics?” she asked innocently.
“Oh, not just them. I’m against any religious school,” he stated passionately.  “I was raised a good little catholic boy. I was taught right and wrong, morals, God, all that nonsense. Then I began to question. And you’re not meant to question.”
He turned back to Kathy and fixed her with his gaze once more. She flinched. He seemed to notice and turned back to the road.
“I became an atheist when I was fifteen years old,” he went on. “And then I began thinking: if there is no God, then what is the basis of morality? All these things I’ve been taught about right and wrong, good and evil- aren’t they just made up by people? Of course by then I was obviously no longer catholic, but I was still stuck at catholic school. It was hell.”
Kathy nodded in sympathy. She could not think of anything to say in response, so the conversation died and she went back to looking out of her window.
Arnold’s sudden rant did not faze her; rather, she was used to such things. She had, in her youth, often been hitch-hiking. When you’re a penniless student, it’s the only way to travel and she had met many fascinating, and some scary, people on her travels: an Indian woman trying to flog her a holiday; a multilingual Italian woman driving an army jeep; a man who explained to her the finer points of theatre management. It had been a thrill for her, and she was sufficiently old enough to have done it just before the hitch-hiker obtained the popular image of being a dangerous murderer or rapist. She remembered the stories well: at one time, for some reason, the tabloids had begun to pick up on stories of hitch-hikers being kidnapped by their benefactors; of innocent drivers being threatened at knife-point by people to whom they had been kind enough to offer a lift. Slowly, this attitude had entered into popular culture: every time she went for a drive in her own car, she had seen fewer and fewer people on the side of the road seeking a ride; every time she tried to hitch-hike herself, lifts became rarer and rarer. It seemed a great shame to her that this great symbol of love for one’s neighbour, of helping those in need whether friend or stranger, had died out to fear- nevertheless, by the time hitch-hiking had become less common, she had already bought her first car and no longer needed to rely on the kindness of passing motorists.
She suddenly realised she had become lost in her thoughts. Her eyes had been capturing the world around her, but her head had not been registering the signals: rather, it had been creating a world of its own from memory. She was suddenly snapped out of her thoughts by the sight of Pond’s Bridge Swimming Pool, where she had learned to swim. Her father said that she had taken to the water like a fish. She almost had no need of lessons, such was her natural talent. This was at the age of six, and this was to become her signature sport: she would come to represent her school, and once even her county, in swimming events. Over-achiever? ‘Yes’, she concluded to herself: ‘yes, I most certainly was an over-achiever’.
A strange sight suddenly greeted her from outside the window. The car had stopped at a set of traffic lights and she could see an old man and his dog. The old man sported a Father Christmas beard and wore grey jogging bottoms and a red vest. His dog was a golden retriever. They both looked ancient and on their way out: the old man appeared to be the oldest man Kathy had ever seen. Certainly, she had never seen skin so wrinkled, a body so thin, a countenance so weak-looking. Equally, the dog appeared to be the oldest dog Kathy had ever seen: at a guess, she would have put his age at twenty. She was surprised it was still alive.
And how alive they both were! For two beings that looked as if they should not even be breathing, they were displaying the energy of a puppy and a teenager. What was striking for Kathy was the way the dog was acting. It was walking on its hind legs, like a human being. Of course, this is a trick common to many dogs- yet most dogs can only maintain this stance for but a few seconds. This dog, on the other hand, did not want to come down; it did not want to act like a dog. Kathy had been watching it for a while now (she had spied it before the car had reached the traffic lights; only now did the remarkable nature of its actions catch her attention, however) and throughout this time, it had been walking on two legs. Everything about the scene was perfectly normal- a man was out walking his dog- except the dog seemed to be in denial about its nature. It was, obviously, a dog- but in a world of humans, it was trying to be a human. 
Presently the old man leaned down to listen to the dog, as if listening to a child whispering in his ear. The old man suddenly stood up and roared with laughter as if the dog had just told him a hilarious joke. The dog seemed very pleased by this and tried to laugh itself, although this only came out in the form of barks, yelps and squeals that very vaguely resembled the sound of human laughter. 
The whole scenario puzzled Kathy greatly. Her brow furrowed as she tried to comprehend the situation: how two creatures could appear so old yet act so young; how they could apparently converse, despite being different species; how the dog was acting so… human.
She stopped herself. She was losing herself in thought again. She pulled herself back into reality and looked to her right to see Arnold looking back at her. He was blankly staring at her with his signature look: unreadable, superior. Before this had not bothered Kathy, but now something extra gleamed in his eyes. He wanted something. His air of superiority had previously said to her that he felt he could take anything he wanted from her, do anything he wanted to her; yet then, it had remained in the potential. Now there was something in the way he looked at her which told her that he now wanted to use that potential. His face was still unreadable, however; she could not fathom precisely what he wanted, what his desire was.
She turned her neck round ninety degrees so that she was now facing the windscreen and away from him. His look frightened her now. She did not want to look at him, nor see him looking at her.
Still, she was in his car. He occupied the position of power. She turned her neck once more and faced the window. Yet this was not enough to calm her. She was presently aware that her ears were pricked to detect the slightest sound; her eyes were involuntarily darting backwards and forwards; she knew not what she feared in this man, but she knew she feared it. She kept her mind deliberately occupied by other, less troublesome, topics.
She forced her eyes to remain fixed on the window. As they continued driving, she saw the house of her ex-boyfriend Cameron Jenkins. She shuddered. The sight of that house brought back hidden and unpleasant memories. Though she urged herself to repress them, they came flooding back of their own accord, an unpleasant hiding place from her dark reality but a hiding place nonetheless.
She remembered when they had first met. She had been flattered by his interest in her. No other boy had ever looked twice at her, and some had even openly mocked her at the suggestion that they may fancy her. In short, she had felt thoroughly alone and unlovable- until Cameron came along.
At first, she had mistaken his nature for innocent interest in her. After all, she had been new to the game and had never had a boyfriend or a relationship before- so how was she to know how a boyfriend was expected to act? She remembered how he had first told her to come to his house and how she had felt flattered, wanted, important, almost… loved.
Naturally, she had accepted his invitation, although later she would come to see it as an order. For a few months, she had spent almost every night at his house and they had enjoyed hot, passionate nights together.
Then things had become nasty. She began to recognise him for what he was: a controller. As the infatuation died, she saw that his invitations were not invitations but orders: and, like all orders, disobedience meant punishment. She had felt trapped. From her advantageous position of hindsight, she could see that he had always been that way. Mere flattery had made her blind to this. Yet though her eyes had been opened to it, she had remained unable to do anything about it.
For on the outside, everything had seemed fine. It was only in private that he had revealed his true nature. Friends and family had often remarked on how they seemed the perfect couple. Kathy had feared offending their opinion and, in her weakened and powerless position, had wondered if they were right and she was wrong. So the relationship had continued for several months, growing steadily worse as Kathy had grown steadily more depressed and had felt steadily more trapped and controlled, less and less like herself and more and more like a stranger to herself, a mere puppet of Cameron.
So why could she not break it off? What force in her life had been able to hold her in such misery? In short, guilt: she had been barely able to admit the situation to herself, let alone to others. So whenever someone had asked her how things were, and whenever she had lied to them and said that she was fine, that Cameron was fine, that yes, they were happy- whenever she had said these things and heard her voice uttering these words, words that were not her own, she had felt ever more detached from her own identity; ever more powerless to change her situation; ever more duty-bound to render those words true: for whatever else she was, she was no liar.
Eventually she had built up the courage to end it and reclaim her individuality and identity. She had spoken to him face to face, calmly explained her position and told him it was over. Surprisingly, he had acted quite gracefully; just after the break up, they had remained friendly to each other. She had begun to wonder whether she had had him wrong. She had even considered getting back together with him.
That was until he began to exert his influence over her life again. I’ve left him, she had often thought, so how can he continue to wield such control over me? Yet control he did: to him, it mattered not that they were no longer together. He would not leave her alone. He would be waiting outside her house when she left for college. He would be visibly following her when she was out with friends. He would often call her at home, despite her expressly telling him not to.
This would not have been so bad if he had been pleasant towards her; yet the friendliness of the early days just after the break-up soon wore off. He became aggressive once more. His telephone conversations would consist of him berating her for things he had seen her doing that day. When he met her in the morning outside her house, he would greet her loudly with abuse and criticism. When he openly stalked her in her day to day life, she could see him looking at her with a disapproving expression. In short, she could not escape him. She had a stalker. 
In the end, only a court order could put an end to the abuse. Yet even with that she had never felt safe in her neighbourhood again. Shortly after the incidents had ended, she and her family had moved house to another part of London. Only seventeen years old, and she had suffered so much.
She shuddered. Her mind was no longer a safe haven from her worries. It had taken her from a dark, terrifying world of reality and thrust her into an equally dark, terrifying world of imagination. She decided to avoid both worlds and stare straight ahead through the windshield and watch as the car moved steadily towards their goal as her time with the mysterious stranger drew inevitably closer to its close.
Her initial fear of him was beginning to subside and curiosity was taking its place: his gaze told her that he wanted something, but what? Had she been mistaken to discount him as a TGN employee? Was he going to take her in and do to her whatever they had done to Thomas? Or was it something else, unnamed or unnameable? Or something innocent? Maybe he wanted a pen. Or an ice cream.
She turned to face him once more, and he looked back. Yes, he wanted something: a hunger was present in his eyes, but hunger for what? As always, he was unreadable.
“What did your parents do?” he asked suddenly. He was clearly trying, awkwardly, to make conversation with his passenger. 
“My father was an architect and my mother was a greengrocer,” she answered obligingly. “What about yours?”
He paused for a second. “My mother used to beat me,” he said finally. 
Kathy was gobsmacked. The atmosphere in the car descended into silence, though not the pleasant kind like before: this one was awkward, uncomfortable.
Their journey was, at last, thankfully, taking them out of areas familiar to Kathy’s childhood and into areas of central London. The suburban backdrop of semi-detached houses and the odd corner shop gradually fell away to terraced houses and old industrial sectors, and then finally to the modern sky-scrapers of central London.
‘Sky-scrapers’ is an unusual term to apply to an English city. In truth, these buildings were sky-scrapers only compared to the rest of London’s architecture. Britain is not known for its tall buildings. Foreigners will tell you that when they picture England, they imagine a land of mansions and butlers, of class and privilege; equally of fish and chips, and beer. The truth lies somewhere in-between. London contains the nearest thing England has to ‘sky-scrapers’, yet in truth they are not as tall as what one would find in New York, Tokyo or San Francisco, and nor are they so numerous. Nevertheless, one can always tell when one is entering the ‘City of London’ by the sudden appearance of tall, multi-storey buildings on the skyline, the most famous of which is Canary Wharf. It was when the car was close enough to the city centre to see this view that Arnold began a strange topic of conversation. 
“Have you ever read the writings of the existentialist philosophers?” he suddenly asked.
Kathy was taken aback. It must have been ten minutes since a word had been spoken in the car, and she had become used to the silence and to her own thoughts.
“No,” she answered curiously.
“They argue that there is no objective moral authority in this world; in essence, that there is no right or wrong. What do you think to that?” he continued.
Kathy furrowed her brow. She had no idea where he was going with this, but given his look of hunger before and her complete ignorance of what he actually wanted, she now found herself on the defensive.
“I think that’s nonsense,” she replied. “Of course there is right and wrong. For example, murder is wrong. Nobody would disagree with that.”
Arnold released a strange, unsettling chuckle and continued his interrogation. This was a new side to him. It was as if he had taken off the mask beneath which he had been hiding this whole journey and revealed the person beneath; no longer was his hunger disguised, although its object was still a mystery.
“Ah, but it depends who is murdered, doesn’t it?”
Kathy was puzzled. “No, murder is always wrong. You cannot justify it by the identity of the victim. What kind of world would we live in if you could go around killing whoever you liked based on your own moral judgment of whether they deserved it or not?”
Arnold chuckled again in his creepy way. “So the soldier who murders in the name of his country is wrong, then?”
Kathy simply gazed at her interrogator with suspicious eyes. She did not know where his questioning was going, or why he was asking. Were this someone she knew or trusted, it could have been but a simple moral or philosophical discussion- yet the tone of this man, his new manner of speaking and acting, made Kathy feel inexplicably and indescribably uneasy.
“Why are you asking me these questions?” asked Kathy.
Arnold declined to reply. Instead he continued as if he had not heard Kathy:
“But if there is right or wrong, then who is to decide it? Who do we appoint the moral authority over us?”
“The values of a society determine what that society deems right or wrong,” answered Kathy curtly, after some thought.
“Ah, so we live in a tyranny by majority!” exclaimed Arnold.
He said no more for about five minutes as they approached the city. Kathy could not fathom her chauffeur- he was interested in debating philosophy, but there seemed a darker edge or sinister motive to his questioning. He had changed, in private, from his demeanour in the coffee shop: he who had seemed merely arrogant was now thoroughly worrying.
The buildings in the horizon grew larger, and Kathy hopefully anticipated the time when she could disembark from the car.
“If there is no objective moral authority in this world, then surely I can make my own rules for my own life; surely, then, I could decide that for me, things like rape, murder and paedophilia are right, not wrong,” continued Arnold unexpectedly.
“Yes, but whatever your own rules were, you would still be subject to the rules of society. Whether or not you believed your actions to be right or wrong, you’d still be hauled in front of a court and punished for your crimes,” replied Kathy quickly. 
Again, Arnold chuckled his strange chuckle. “Ah, but what is punishment?” he queried. “As long as I am free in here”- at this he pointed to his head- “then I am free truly. I may be behind bars, but I may still be freer than any ‘free’ man out in the world.”
“I once spent a year doing a meditation course at a Buddhist monastery,” he changed tack suddenly. “Of course, Buddhism is as bad as all other religions. But their meditation techniques allow a man to keep his freedom even when his body is in chains. After a year there, even in prison I would still be free.”
Again, another pause as Arnold considered his next line of questioning and Kathy tried to work out what this man was after.
“Are you familiar with the writings of Friedrich Nietzsche?” he queried.
“Yes,” answered Kathy. It had been a long time, but she had read Beyond Good and Evil and Human, All Too Human by Nietzsche when studying philosophy in school. It had been compulsory for her subject. In all honesty, however, she had never been too keen on philosophy and so barely remembered it.
“He advocates the idea of the ‘superman’”, continued Arnold. “That being the man who can break free of all morality that society straps onto him; the man who can do what would for others be wrong, but for him is perfectly acceptable, for he is the superman.”
“I believe it was Dostoevsky who described a prisoner in whom he found the most innate and intense sense of peace and spirituality. This man had committed the most heinous of crimes, and yet he felt no remorse. It struck Dostoevsky that this man, who should under conventional morality feel like the scum of the earth, gave the impression almost of a holy man. Do you know why this man gave such an impression?”
“No,” said Kathy. She had the distinct impression it did not matter what she said, that Arnold simply wished for an audience to whom he could broadcast his monologue.
“Because he was a ‘superman’!” exclaimed Arnold. “He had broken through the moral conventions of his society. His society had told him murder was wrong; he had been brave enough to say ‘why?’ And he had taken another human’s life, just for the hell of it, and society had punished him physically- but mentally, in his head, he was free! For he had constructed his own morality, and he had followed it, and therefore to himself, he was a good, moral human being- and to him, it is the rest of us who are immoral!” 
As he had been speaking, Arnold had grown more and more excited. At the crescendo of his last sentence, he had momentarily looked away from the road at Kathy, a look of frenzied excitement on his sweaty face. Kathy, for her part, had shrunk back from him as far as she could: his passionate speech on the subject of the morality of murder had freaked her out, and she was more uncomfortable than ever in his presence.
Arnold returned to driving and fell silent once more. His face, however, remained almost frozen in that expression of frenzied excitement. He was now glancing towards Kathy ever more often, with no attempt to conceal the hunger in his eyes. Kathy began to really fear for her life now: either from his dangerous driving, (which had now accelerated to a speed far beyond that which was legal) or from whatever cruel intentions he had in mind.
“Let me out of this car now.” She demanded. She tried to keep her voice calm and resolute but couldn’t help letting a tremor of fear into her speech. 
“And kings have done it all through history!” continued Arnold in his monologue, ignoring Kathy’s request. He accelerated the car to at least double the speed limit and emitted a shrill chuckle every time he nearly crashed into another vehicle. “Why is it that when someone tries to take over a country and fails, they are a traitor; but when one tries and succeeds, he is a national hero, a king, a brilliant man? Why does the successful terrorist become a freedom fighter and a hero to his people? Because these people are supermen! They expose the fallacy of morality: that, for no logical reason at all, morality dictates that one man who takes a life is a villain while another is to be worshipped; and, if the very foundation of morality be flawed, then man has no obligation to do that which is moral! In short, everything is permitted; nothing is wrong; and I can do anything!”
Now they were hurtling through the narrow streets of inner city London at breakneck speed, Arnold looking more frenzied and disturbed than ever. For one brief period he simply stared longingly at Kathy; she had to put aside her fear of him in order to yell at him to “look back at the road, for Christ’s sake, or you’ll kill us both!”
“Stop this car now and let me out,” she yelled again, this time even less successful than before at hiding her fear.
“Okay,” said Arnold suddenly. The car braked harshly, Kathy was nearly thrown through the windshield and everything presently seemed normal: the maniacal speed had ceased, Arnold was no longer acting like a lunatic and, as luck would have it, she found that the car was parked just outside an office block with the letters ‘TGN’ erected outside it in huge, red characters that took up two of its stories.
In an instant the panic of the preceding events dissipated and Kathy felt a sense of near security knowing that her journey was over as soon as she left the car. She made a curt smile towards Arnold and reached for the handle…
…the door was locked.
Kathy panicked once more. Safety was mere inches away and yet it may as well have been miles. She turned towards Arnold in a flurry and beckoned at him to unlock the door. A part of her hoped it was a simple mistake; another part, which she feared was nearer the truth, believed that the car doors were locked purposely and that Arnold had intended this.
“Open the door!” she screamed at him. “Now!”
Arnold had become quite quiet. Gone were the bravado and grand speeches of the car journey. In its place Arnold had become weak, timid and pale. His face was suddenly gaunt in comparison with the previous fiery, passionate expression it had displayed when he had been driving so dangerously and speaking so eloquently. He glanced nervously at Kathy and then pulled his eyes quickly from her. He was muttering something to himself, almost too quietly for Kathy to hear…
“I can do anything…”
That one phrase, muttered over and over again, almost a whisper as if it were some precious secret for him. Gradually he began to say it louder and louder as if the phrase itself were a source of power for him. Kathy watched in speechless bewilderment as his expression steadily returned to the excitable countenance it had worn several moments previously until he was staring straight at her, eyes full of confidence now, and suddenly uttered the phrase at her quite boldly and clearly:
“I can do anything!”
Almost as he was saying it he lunged forward. Finally, too late, she could read the hunger in his eyes: he was not a secret agent from TGN seeking to capture her. He did not want ice cream or a pen. Rather, he was merely a sexual predator, now scrambling towards her with undisguised lust etched into his every movement. She cursed herself for not recognising it sooner and tried with all her might to get out of the car, now.
Yet he was too fast for Kathy to respond quickly enough: one second he was sitting in front of her repeating a phrase; the next, his vile, repugnant face was millimetres away from hers and he was clutching a syringe in his right hand. His spare left hand was hovering near her breasts and, horrified, she knew instinctively what he was going to do to her. She could recognise the primal lust in his eyes. Yet she could do nothing: for as she went to scream, the needle plunged itself into her neck and unconsciousness beckoned her in.
“Ma’am, are you alright?”
 Consciousness returned to Kathy in an instant and she sat bolt upright. The scream which had been stifled by the needle was now free, and broke out of her mouth involuntarily. It was deafening. The poor man in front of her had to cover his ears to protect them from injury. Yet the man before her was not Arnold: rather, he was a kindly policeman with a concerned smile.
“What happened?” she asked him when she realised she was now safe. Even as she was asking it, however, she was surveying the scene around her. She was lying on the pavement next to the car which had only recently been her prison. The car was empty now: the window by the driver’s seat lay smashed to pieces, and Arnold was handcuffed in front of his car. Two other officers were dealing with him roughly.
“I was passing by and saw this green Corsa parked by the side of the road,” explained the policeman. “When I peered in the window, I saw you and your attacker in the front two seats. It was obvious that you had been knocked unconscious and he was taking advantage of you. When I asked him to step out of the vehicle, he ignored me. I could see that you were in danger so I smashed the window in, opened the door and rescued you.”
Kathy was full of gratitude to her uniformed hero. It was clear that Arnold had been a grave threat to her, and that accepting a ride from him had, in hindsight, been a mistake. She felt stupid.
But all was not resolved. A sick sensation formed in her stomach as she began to wonder precisely what Arnold had done to her while she was unconscious.
“Luckily, I caught him before he could get too far,” continued the policeman. 
“What do you mean by ‘too far’?” asked Kathy. She almost didn’t want to hear the answer.
The policeman then explained what he had seen when he looked into the car. The full description of what he had witnessed shook Kathy to the core, and would do the same to you, dear reader, so I will spare you the detail. It is enough to know that Arnold had clearly intended to rape her, but did not get that far, and that she was still clothed when the policeman found her. 
Kathy felt sick. The knowledge of what had happened to her made her physically ill and she threw up on the pavement before collapsing into sobs. The policeman sat down beside her.
“Hush, hush now,” reassured her rescuer. “It’s alright. You’re safe now, and the man who did this to you will be behind bars soon enough.”
Kathy looked over to where Arnold had been handcuffed, but he was now missing. So too were the two other police officers. She guessed that he had been taken to the police station for questioning.
“My name is PC Geoff Hamilton,” her rescuer introduced himself. “What’s yours?”
“Kathy,” she answered weakly. “Kathy Turner.”
She smiled at PC Geoff Hamilton. Then her smile became a laugh: it was a giggle at first, but soon she was in hysterics. She couldn’t explain it: nothing funny had happened. Given what had happened, she should have been in tears. Yet she was laughing! It’s probably the relief, she reasoned to herself. Yes, it was: and as she laughed she began to cry tears of joy: joy, that something terrible had been averted by the kind intervention of this lovely, lovely man who had saved her from…
She dared not think it; she dared not name it. In time, she would, but now she could not. Yet she knew its name, though she chose not to give it voice, and she knew that she had avoided it. And that is what gave her cause for such joy as she stood up from the pavement with the help of her hero and stepped out into freedom. 



Chapter 5
Kathy awoke.
It had been three days since the incident. Afterwards, in a blur of confusion and panic, she had tried to enter the offices of TGN to continue her search- as if nothing had happened and she hadn’t nearly been… violated. As soon as she had left that vile man’s car, she had sprinted off towards the revolving doors without a second’s thought for her rescuer and, once through, had approached the reception desk.
Had she been in a better frame of mind, she could have articulated a forceful question or imagined a clever ruse to sneak into the building- yet in her fragile emotional state, standing before the young receptionist staring back at her with a blank, cold expression, her mind froze and all she could think about was what had just happened.
Instead of mounting a daring undercover investigation of the shady company linked to Thomas’ disappearance, she had simply frozen and broken down in tears.
Her mind had been enveloped by an understanding of what had nearly happened and by an inexplicable sense of shame; she had been lost in her own thoughts, only dimly aware of the reassuring sensation of warm hands on her shoulders. She had turned round to see Geoff, the kindly policeman who had saved her, looking at her with a worried expression. She had allowed him to take her out of that building and to give her a lift home.
Her last image of leaving that foyer had been the expression of shock and surprise on the receptionist’s face. She had been lazily filing her nails and looking at Kathy with an expression of complete disinterest, which was likely how she greeted most people entering the office block. Kathy’s breakdown had shaken her out of her apathy and replaced her static expression of boredom with another, equally frozen, expression of surprise.
Kathy’s memory betrayed little of what else had happened that day- except, of course, for the immoveable scar on her memory of what had happened in that car. Suffice to say she found herself at home later that evening, lying in bed watching a rerun of Friends on channel 4 and spent the next three days in much the same way hiding from reality in convenient and entertaining fiction.
Somehow- she was unsure how- her boss, the ever bullish Harcroft, had found out about the Incident. She had received a phone call at some point during the evening from her. Harcroft’s habitually overbearing and bossy tone had been replaced by a voice so soft and compassionate that Kathy barely recognised the caller’s identity. Harcroft had explained that Kathy was entitled to take as much time off as she needed to recover from the Incident (with full pay, of course) and that she should phone into the office whenever she was ready to return, be that days, weeks or even months.
It would have touched her, except she was too numb to feel touched. She was too numb to feel anything. The initial shame had quickly subsided into an even more unbearable nothingness so that nothing made her happy or sad; angry or calm; passionate or cynical anymore- instead, she existed from day to day in a sort of limbo.
For those three days, she had spent every possible hour in bed. Not asleep, mind, for she could not sleep- and so for seventy two hours straight, she had been staring at the television in front of her, idly changing channels until she had found something passable. She had only got up for necessities like food and toilet breaks, and had then returned straight-away to whatever programme she had been watching at the time.
Eventually, on the third day, sleep had caught up with her. In one minute exhaustion had suddenly overtaken her and she had been overwhelmed by a desire to close her eyes and retreat into a fantasy world of her own making: a safe, friendly world where she could feel safe: for why would her own subconscious subject her to torture?
Perhaps because her subconscious didn’t like her. Whatever the reason, her dreaming life had provided an escape from monotonous numbness back into feeling, but it was like jumping from the frying pan into the fire: for the feelings she felt were far from pleasant. Her many sickly dreams that night had consisted of her being chased by the vile man or being trapped by him while he…
He never did get far enough to do anything. Mercifully, her mind had the grace to wake her up before the unthinkable could happen. Even in a dream, which is quite clearly a fiction made by one’s own mind, the pain and the emotion feel as real as in wakeful life- perhaps even more so. Nevertheless, her psyche’s mercy had given her a terrible night’s sleep so that in the morning she felt more exhausted and rotten than she had the night before.
So she lay there on her bed in a zombie-like fashion. It was three o’clock in the morning and the television was still on, displaying the kind of awful telesales that the main channels put on when they know nobody is watching except insomniacs and students. Too tired to get up, too exhausted to move, she allowed her thoughts to be drowned out by the words coming from the screen. As mind-numbingly banal as they were, they soothed her mind simply by distracting her from any thought that might dare to cross her mind.
The man on the television was grinning madly and incessantly. As she watched, his smile never left his face- even when he was talking. It was probably meant to endear him to viewers, to make them think that he’s such a nice, warm, friendly sort of chap who can be trusted and wouldn’t be trying to flog useless tosh for extortionate prices. In reality, it simply made him look a little creepy. Kathy began to worry for him in case his facial muscles became permanently fixed in that position. ‘Perhaps he has lockjaw,’ she mused.
Aside from his constant grin, his other focal point was his suit. It was neon pink and seemed to blaze out at her from the screen, outshining anything else in her admittedly dingy bedroom. Kathy almost had to avert her eyes to protect her vision.
The man was going on about a new kind of vacuum cleaner. The way he was talking, you’d think it was the most exciting and revolutionary piece of technology since the printing press had brought the written word to Europe. From his advertising spiel, you would be forgiven for thinking that it was something more than just an ordinary vacuum cleaner with air freshener attached as well to make the carpet smell extra nice. The man’s talk was slick, and may just have convinced Kathy that his product was worth her taking out a £300 loan in order to afford it- except for the fact that the product itself was terrible.
The man was standing next to it and his words seemed to be describing a different product. Compared to his glowing recommendations of a “revolution in household tidying”, the vacuum cleaner he was trying to sell looked just like an ordinary vacuum cleaner with a tub of shake-‘n’-vac shoddily cellotaped onto the side. Evidently the viewers weren’t impressed. Kathy watched in numb fascination for ten minutes as the man talked incessantly with his constant grin and his neon suit, desperately trying to sell his product which nobody was buying. After ten minutes, the façade had begun to wear thin and she could see behind his superficial jolliness and charisma that here was a man in despair.
She almost felt like phoning up and buying one of his vacuum cleaners just to cheer him up.
Instead, she picked up the remote control and changed channel.
She found a late night game of poker on another station. It looked interesting, but she had never played poker and didn’t understand the rules, so changed channel again.
The new station was showing an old film. It was black and white and, most importantly, foreign. With her limited grasp of European languages she deduced that it was probably Spanish. It was a strange little film which, after watching for a while, Kathy worked out was about the Spanish civil war. In particular it followed the ‘heroic’ exploits of one of General Franco’s military personnel as he battled the Communist ‘scum’ to create a fascist utopia in Spain.
Yes, fascist. Kathy decided it wasn’t her cup of tea either and for the first time in three days decided to turn the television off.
Without the television to distract her anymore, she was pulled rudely from her numb world of fantasy back into reality. She looked around her room and saw a messy, dark, squalid little room with brown curtains, a beige floor, an unmade bed in the middle and a dirty mirror on the wall. It struck her as odd that she was alone and that Monica, Rachel, Ross and Chandler didn’t come bursting through the door: she had spent so much time in front of the television that her sense of reality had become a little confused.
But alone she was. She suddenly missed Thomas greatly. If he hadn’t been missing, he would have been there with her, supporting her and comforting her.
She resolved to go back to work as soon as possible and continue her investigative journalism. It was half past three in the morning- she would wash, eat and dress, and then head back into the office at nine o’clock sharp like usual.
Well, not like usual. She couldn’t take her normal route for a start. Too many memories associated with those places.
She tried to get out of bed and had a sudden sensation of weakness. In her three day trance, she had completely neglected to eat and almost couldn’t walk. She more fell out of bed than climbed out and could barely find the energy to crawl into the kitchen and pour some cereal into a bowl.
It was then that she saw it. Nothing major, but- her wall had been painted purple. Now, purple is a nice colour, and one of Kathy’s favourites, but it is a fact that Kathy’s wall was, and had always been, an unpleasant shade of sickly yellow. She had wanted to change it to purple, but her landlord had expressly forbidden her to redecorate what he continued to view as his flat. 
Yet there it was: a purple wall. She gazed at it in disbelief. She had not painted it; nor had she hired anyone else to paint it. So how could it have simply changed colour? Had someone broken in on that fateful day and- repainted? No, she reasoned- that would be far too absurd. Who would break into someone else’s flat simply to change the colour of their wall?
Still, somebody must have done it, and it wasn’t her. It… it could have been her landlord. It must have been him. Who else could or would have? Although, she thought crossly, that would be a breach of covenant, because my tenancy agreement states that he cannot enter without my prior written consent. She made an angry note to call him in the morning and complain.
Angry! She had felt angry! Suddenly she felt scared and delighted at the same time at the sudden return of her emotions. It felt good to feel again something other than the numbness which had beset her these past three days, and it felt good to feel about something other than…
Oh. There it was again. The inevitable reminder of what had happened and the equally inevitable return of her oppressing lack of feeling. 
She trudged wearily back to bed. She was suddenly quite tired again and, despite her fears over what she may encounter in her dreams, allowed herself to drift away somewhat peacefully into the land of nod.
Kathy found herself in the foyer of what seemed to be a castle. A velvet red carpet adorned the floor and felt soft and smooth under her bare feet. Surrounding her was an ensemble of carefully laid out suits of armour, glimmering in the dull candle light. They stood guard against the walls of the oblong room as if to defend Kathy against any deadly threat that may come along.
Kathy had no idea how she had arrived here. She surveyed her memory and found no trace or hint of an idea to help her. Still, she felt an incomprehensible sense of peace and security in this place and decided to explore her surroundings.
She approached the walls first. One patch of wall was somehow more fascinating that the rest- compared to the ceiling, the floor, the other three walls and even most of this section of wall itself, something called out to Kathy: “touch me, touch me”. It looked exactly the same as every other section of wall, but… smelled different. Did I really think that? thought Kathy. The concept seemed absurd even to her- but yes, she examined the sensations being experienced by her nostrils and found the aromas of chicken and aromatic spices wafting into her head.
The peculiar patch of wall continued to perplex Kathy and she approached it slowly. Now she was closer, she could make out a slight discolouring in the area of interest: while the rest of the walls were old, grey brick, probably hewn by some skilled craftsman many centuries before and with an endearing quality that illustrated how much care had gone into the making of each brick, this circular patch was just a hint darker and bluer than the rest. Apart from this it looked identical- and yet this one difference made the sensation of this patch of wall completely different. By smell, it was far more interesting and attractive; yet by appearance, it looked more modern, less antiquated and somehow more… dangerous.
It seemed bizarre to Kathy that she could ‘experience’ a mere wall. Yet it was also undeniable: as she gazed at the differing types of wall before her, her soul seemed to experience a subtle shift. The normal, grey wall created a comfortable yet bored sensation; yet as soon as her eyes glanced at the bluer section, a strange excitement welled up in her soul and an urge to approach it and back away from it at the same time took hold of her.
She decided to do the former. As she approached, she began to notice a faint sound of drumming which grew louder with each step she took. When she reached the wall it was almost deafening; yet this did not bother her: behind the drums, she could almost make out Propane Nightmares by Pendulum, which had once been one of her favourite songs.
It suddenly occurred to her to touch the wall. Her hand shot out in excitement, then hesitated a millimetre from the surface out of fear. What if… what if it felt wrong? What it that opposing sensation of dread and danger, which had called for her to back away from the wall, had been right? What if some terrible fate lay in store for her if she touched the wall?
This is ridiculous, she thought. Then she laughed: for she presently realised how ridiculous this whole situation was: she was in a castle, with no idea how she had arrived here, getting excited over an odd patch of wall. She therefore chose to rule over her frankly ridiculous emotions and place her hand on the wall.
As she did so, she gasped involuntarily for the wall did not feel as it should. As she looked at the wall, she could see individually grafted bricks stuck together and holding one another up; her vision told her that, apart from being a slightly bluer shade of grey than the other bricks, they should feel exactly the same as them- or rather, the same as they should feel. She had expected a rough, rocky texture with a coarse feeling to the material holding them together.
Instead, the feeling of these bluer bricks made no sense to her. Her mind found itself utterly confused between her vision and her feeling- for despite the messages from her eyes, her hands were telling her that what she was feeling was smooth, with the rare minor peak or trough, and dry. The feeling was more of paint than of brick and as she looked now she could see both a painted wall and an old stone wall occupying the same space. It made as little sense to her as it does to you, dear reader.
The sensation utterly confused her and she pulled her hand from the wall immediately. Yet that did not help: for now she had touched it, she could see it, and along with the painted wall and the brick wall she could also see at least ten other walls occupying the same space: a tiled wall, a wooden fence, a clinical plastic wall, a concrete wall. As she returned her hand to the now confusing surface each finger felt the texture of a completely different object and now each eye was showing her different images: in her left eye, she could now see a purple painted wall; in her right remained the slightly bluer brick wall. And yet in both images, all the other walls were visible in a way incomprehensible to her human mind so that she knew she could see ten walls occupying the same space and yet she knew not how.
“Admiror, O paries, te non cecidisse ruinis qui tot scriptorum taedia sustineas”
Kathy forgot the wall for a moment and swung round to see a man standing behind her. It was, like the wall, not one man but many occupying the same space; in the blurry, bewildering mass she could see what looked like a city gentleman in a top hat and suit; a young boy wearing football boots; a weary old man, hungry and weak; and a young man, clean shaven, wearing a tunic- it was he who had uttered those mysterious words.
Though in Latin, she had understood the meaning of those words, and not through any Latin training but simply through the disturbing magic of this scene. They had meant:
“I’m astonished, wall, that you haven’t collapsed into ruins, since you’re holding up the weary verse of so many poets”
The whole scene was mangling itself now; every wall in the room was now simultaneously itself and every other wall imaginable- an infinity occupied every space around this room. The quote startled Kathy and she contemplated what it meant. How could she understand it, in the first place? But equally- was Kathy the poet? Was Kathy also a many-woman, occupying the same space as tenfold other women like the man standing before her?
And suddenly, through her confused thoughts, through the world around her which was now blurring into ruin, she made out one face: out of the many-man before her a hand slowly came out, and a face emerged. It was Arnold. His evil eyes gazed as her through the now crumbling reality of this world and his mad, leering smile pierced her like a thousand knives. He was in no hurry, for he knew his quarry couldn’t escape, and that made him ever more dangerous and terrifying. 
Kathy screamed and turned around to face the wall…
She opened her eyes.
At least, she deduced that that is what must have happened. For her, the experience in that castle foyer had seemed as real as any waking event. In her mind, she had simply turned around and found herself back in her flat, looking at her wall. Her inexplicably purple wall. 
She noticed she was breathing heavily and coated in sweat. A dream, that’s all it was: a dream. She convinced herself of this fact, despite not having had any sensation of waking up. But that’s all it could have been: a dream, and now she wakes to find herself in her front room, staring at her wall.
She must have been sleepwalking. That wall in her dream must have been her own wall. Yes! It made so much sense now- when she had been feeling what she thought was a brick wall in a castle, it had merely been her own wall.
Yet that wall was still purple. More disturbingly, it was dry- which meant it had been purple for a long time. And yet before that morning it had always been yellow. She had been alone in her flat for over three days now. Nobody, as far as she was aware, had entered the flat in that time; she certainly hadn’t invited anyone over. So how could the wall have changed colour by itself?
It was a very strange situation. Only now did the absurdity of the whole thing occur to her. Why would anyone come into her flat to repaint one wall? Looking around, she realised that the other three walls of this room were still that sickly yellow she had hated so much.
With furrowed brow, she resolved to contact her landlord later and find out what was going on.
Her mind was slowly waking up. She also noticed now that, despite no memory of flicking the switch, her light was on. Through the window (she had forgotten to close the curtains) was the London night time skyline. Living on the suburbs, there was not much to see, but in the distance the still bright lights of Canary wharf and the City of London were visible. It was five o’clock in the morning. Many a time she had still been in the office at this time, hastily putting together the finishing touches to an exclusive story that no other paper could have found. 
She looked down out of her window at her local area. She lived on the fourth storey of a trendy ‘apartment block’, although she was quite down to earth and preferred to call it a flat. Below her was a sizeable park. During the day she would often gaze out of the window at the children playing in the playground; the lovers walking through the shade; the families enjoying picnics and games. Often she would join them: especially in the summer, there was no better way of relaxing than to sit under the shade of a tree with a good book.
Still, it was not summer now and nor was it daylight. Opening the window, the chill of early morning, when the air has lost all the warmth given to it during the day by the sun, caused her to shiver. Yet she had not been outside in more than three days and had a sudden urge to leave the flat which had now become so perplexing to her.
She rummaged around in her wardrobe to find an old coat. After a few minutes groping, she found it: her hand chanced upon something soft and fluffy and she pulled it out, smiling for the first time in days. Before her was an old coat she had not worn in years and which she had almost forgotten about. Kathy was a bit hesitant to call this an ‘old’ coat, though, for that creates an image of something tatty and worn, unlovable except for the fact that it’s always been there. Yet what Kathy now held in her hand was something else: it was not tatty and worn for she had deliberately kept it protected in mint condition, defended from the outside world by a plastic covering and hidden at the back of her wardrobe. She readily admitted it was not fashionable. It was a garish purple with long fur sticking up all over the place. She doubted anybody she knew had ever seen her wearing it.
Yet she was not ashamed of it, for she loved it. Aside from being a bright, undeniable purple (she had almost screamed with delight when she first saw it), she and this coat had a long, happy history. She would often, in her youth, put it on when she was upset just to cheer her up- and it worked unfailingly. Wearing it felt warm and soft, safe and homely. Had she not looked after it so well, no doubt it would have become tatty and worn in some way- yet this was a labour of love.
Alas, like most love stories, it was not always happy. As she had grown up and pursued an adult career, she had forgotten about this coat. It had not seemed… professional. And so it has languished in the back of her wardrobe for years, practically forgotten. It made her sad to think of it in there all those years, all alone, missing her…
The mature part of her mind told her to stop it, that this was just a coat. It didn’t have feelings. It couldn’t ‘miss’ her. But that was the beauty of the coat: wearing it returned her to a childish state of mind. Here, she could suspend her disbelief and pretend she was young again; that there was no problem in the world that mummy or daddy couldn’t solve by a hug. Simply wearing this coat automatically removed any worries she was having at the time.
And it was so warm! Which is why she smiled with delight at the prospect of going for an early morning walk in it. Despite the chill cold outside, she had confidence in her brilliant, dazzling, bright purple furry fluffy coat to keep her warm.
She was happy for the first time in days. Any thoughts of… that man (she chose to block out his name for fear of remembering him fully) were now cast out to the edge of her consciousness for the time being. She chose to mentally leave them in her flat, and as she stepped out the door into the corridor she felt a crushing weight fall from her shoulders.
 She entered the lift and pressed the button to take her to the ground floor. She felt… excited! Excited at the prospect of finally leaving not just her flat, but also the state of mind she had been in for the past few days. To be honest she needed it: three days of little food, little sleep and no exercise had taken its toll. Like all lifts, this one had a mirror and looking at her reflection, she was horrified.
Her hair, usually so well looked after, was a mess. The bags under her eyes were almost bigger than her eyes themselves. Three days of fasting had left her looking emaciated and undernourished: her complexion had suffered. She made a mental note to do something about her appearance sooner rather than later.
Yet right now was early morning: too early for people to be getting up for work, too late for clubbers to be coming home from a night out. In short, the world was empty, and it was hers! She would be the only one outside at this time of night, and that made her happy. The last thing she wanted was to meet anyone out there…
The lift came to a standstill and she stepped out. However, she found her sense of excitement had waned slightly. The idea of solitude and an open space to think appealed to her, but after what had happened to her…
Arnold. The name crept back into her head and the sense of freedom she had enjoyed vanished completely. She had once trusted the world and believed there was good in everyone. All of a sudden his manic eyes and mad sayings returned to her mind and she could not step outside into the night.
She tried- oh, how she tried! She stepped up to those doors and willed herself to walk through, to enjoy a fresh, nice walk in the early morning. But each time she stepped her foot outside, a heavy sense of dread overcame her and she had to pull it back in. She almost wept for the freedom that had been taken from her.
Resolving not to let- him- return to her thoughts and torment her further, she once more blocked his name from her mind and decided that, if she could not go outside, then she would jolly well have a good time inside. She may not have physical freedom in the world, but she could have mental freedom in her head- and after all, that is a more precious commodity.
The block of flats- sorry, apartment building- she lived in had a community area on the ground floor. It was always open, but always empty. Ever since Thatcher declared “there’s no such thing as society”, there seemed to Kathy’s mind to have been a general decline in community spirit so that now everybody lived individual and empty lives; everybody sought personal gain while struggling to find any greater meaning or purpose to life than simply the accumulation of personal wealth. That was her abstract analysis of the situation. Whatever the reason, the simple fact was that she could guarantee the room would be empty.
She entered the room. Given that nobody in the block used it, it had not been well taken care of. The furniture still looked modern enough but that was only to be expected given how comparatively modern the building itself was. The room was shaped like two oblongs of different length placed next to each other. There was a pool table in the alcove created by the longer oblong and the rest of the room was filled with haphazardly placed tables and chairs. When the building had first been constructed, this room had been envisaged as somewhere people could eat together, following an egalitarian community ideal resurrected from the sixties. It had obviously not caught on and so the room had been left abandoned.
In one corner was a television. In truth, the room was not always entirely deserted. An eccentric man named Egbert, who lived on the sixth floor, often came down here to watch television- yet he was the sole user of this room. He would always watch the same channel: an obscure channel on the outer reaches of the channel programme which only ever showed programmes about fishing. Kathy had sometimes heard him guffawing loudly as she left for work. She had once gone in to investigate what was so funny: after watching him for several minutes, she had become utterly bamboozled as to what he was laughing at. He would open his mouth to emit a chortle at the strangest times of the programme when absolutely nothing was happening. Kathy often wondered whether he was simply laughing at something in his own head.
He kept strange sleeping habits and could be found in this room at random times of day or night. He laughed so loud that, in the dead of night, he could be heard faintly from her room on the fourth floor. On many a sleepless night, she had heard his chuckle rising through the floorboards at 11 p.m., 2.15 a.m., or 5 a.m. It wasn’t loud enough to annoy anyone or to prevent anyone from sleeping (although she was speaking as a resident of the fourth floor- she couldn’t comment on the experience of those on the first floor), but most people stayed away from him just because he was something strange, different, incomprehensible.
It was for this reason that Kathy breathed a sigh of relief when she saw the room empty. Not that she feared him or disliked him- his nightly laughter was a source of amusement for her on sleepless nights- but right now, she needed solitude. After three days of watching TV and talking to no-one, she wasn’t sure if she could remember how to have a proper conversation.
The lights were already on. They were always on. The designer of this room had evidently fancied himself a bit of an art connoisseur, for the lights were positioned strategically above the many paintings that hung on the walls of the room. Most of them were portraits of various famous persons in many and varied styles: there was an impressionist piece of Mother Theresa in a garden; a cubist picture of George Clooney in a suit; a pop art piece displaying the visage of David Tennant gazing down from the side of a tin can. Most of these were by fairly unknown professionals, but one lady who lived on the top floor, who saw herself as a keen amateur artist, often tried to put up her own work on the wall of this room. Her name was Agnes and such was the volume- if not quality- of her work that the pool table alcove was known as “Agnes’ alcove”. 
This was all familiar to Kathy. She and Egbert and Agnes were the only ones who ever used this room, and Kathy did so very rarely. Agnes was a perfectionist- because of her dedication to her art, it often took her several weeks to finish one piece. It had been months since Kathy had entered this room and only three more pieces were up in Agnes’ alcove- one decent piece of a kitten with dreadlocks, another quite awful piece of a young man in a suit which looked barely anything like its subject (Kathy knew the man in the picture to be Agnes’ grandson, whom Kathy had met on several occasions) and a final one which caught Kathy’s eye.
It was a very abstract piece. The whole canvas was painted purple and the ‘art’ was in the words strewn haphazardly across it in varying shades of purple. The more one stared at it, the more one could appreciate its nuances and the more writing one could see - yet all the writing was the same. It was one phrase, repeated over and over again:
“Admiror, O paries, te non cecidisse ruinis qui tot scriptorum taedia sustineas”
Kathy gasped. It was the phrase from her dream- if it had been a dream. No, of course it was a dream! What else could it be?  She scolded herself. This was just a coincidence- albeit a very bizarre and disturbing coincidence. 
Yet as she told herself this, something caught her eye. On a patch of wall across from her, near the door, the normal cream colour of the wallpaper had become tinged blue. The blue patch of wall was circular, like in her dream. She rushed over to it and placed her hand on it. She breathed a sigh of relief when it felt as it should: just like wallpaper. Yet as her hand stayed on the wall covering, its texture began to change; it became rougher and coarser until it felt exactly like a brick wall. She gazed at the wall in horror, but its image remained that of normal cream-coloured wallpaper. She jerked her hand away from the wall and backed away in horror.
But horror at- at what? What danger was she in? She could term what she was experiencing only as an existential crisis. That castle could not have been real, she was sure- but then this could not be real either. Walls don’t do that. Either she was still dreaming, or she was going mad. This could not be real.
“But what is real?” queried a voice behind her. She turned, shocked, to see the mouth of the badly painted man-in-a-suit moving. “What is reality beyond our subjective experience of it? Who is to say that your experience, right now, is not ‘real’?”
She walked up to the painting, eyes wide with fright, and simply gazed down at it. The mouth had stopped moving; yet it had moved, and it had spoken- she was sure of it. She touched it and felt the coarse sensation of dried paint on canvas- it was real. She nevertheless pulled her hand from it in fear that the apparition might bite her.
She sat on one of the chairs and curled up into a ball. Her hands flew over her ears to stop any other strange sounds entering her head; her eyes were scrunched up as tight as possible to avoid seeing anything strange.
Her greatest fear- if this was still a dream world- was that in this world, Arnold was king and all-powerful; if Arnold wanted to, he could come and…
She had thought his name. He had returned to her mind and had an even greater hold over her than before; numbness was no longer her response: rather terror, abject, utter terror filled her heart and she wanted, so desperately, to go somewhere that was real…
But as the painting said, what is real? How can we differentiate between dream and reality except by merely trusting our senses until something bizarre happens that tells us our interpretation is wrong?
It was this realisation that frightened Kathy most. Never again could she trust her senses. If ‘real’ could only be determined by her senses, but they had just told her that this was real when it surely could not be, then how was she to know what was real ever again? How could she guarantee that her experience of life up until this point had been- ‘real’?
“I can hear it too,” said a voice from the doorway.
Kathy unmuffled her ears and opened her eyes. It was Egbert standing in the doorway, looking on Kathy with a concerned expression on his round, flabby face. His top hat was balancing on his head at an unusual angle, which he would normally have corrected, except that now his attention was wholly on Kathy.
Kathy stared at him in fear. In truth, although she knew him and liked him well enough, in this new world of uncertainty she could not trust him. Not in the conventional sense of trusting someone not to lie to you, or not to betray you; no, she could not trust that he was real. It felt like the whole of reality was collapsing and being replaced by something uncertain and unreal. 
Egbert stepped a little closer and continued,
“That painting. I can hear him too. He talks to me every night.”
He was standing about two feet from the doorway now, looking uneasy. It appeared that he was torn between concern for Kathy’s mental health and happiness that finally he had found somebody who shared his special gift of being able to hear what was not there… 
…or what may be there, in reality, whatever that may now be.
“They all talk to me. David, there”- at this he pointed to the portrait of David Tennant- “often talks to me about his life. It’s fascinating. He really is a brilliant actor, you know.”
Kathy stared, dumbfounded. She had never seen this side of Egbert before- well, she had never really known him before. She would have ordinarily been prepared to dismiss him as insane, except for the fact that she could hear it too.
“That’s why I laugh. I know people think I’m weird when they see me laughing at the fishing programmes. Truth be told, I don’t like fishing. It’s just that these paintings do, and so they come to life when those programmes are on. Some of them are very funny. Watch.”
At that, Egbert sat down calmly and turned on the television. He found channel 532- a channel very imaginatively called “Channel Fishing”- and turned it on.
There was currently on “Channel Fishing” a programme about the mating habits of trout. It was a very dull show.
And yet, as soon as it was on, the whole room erupted with noise. The paintings started talking loudly and greeting Egbert happily as if meeting an old friend. Mother Theresa started telling the dirtiest jokes imaginable, while David Tennant began talking about his time on stage as Hamlet and George Clooney started trying to flirt with Kathy. It was all very surreal and Kathy felt overwhelmed. 
Suddenly the badly-painted man-in-a-suit shouted with a loud voice and made everyone else fall silent. He was, evidently, the leader of the paintings…
…and Kathy could not believe she was thinking these things.
“Silence, everyone,” bellowed man-in-a-suit. “A tragic event is about to occur. In precisely 30 seconds, a man will be killed outside this apartment block. I decree a minute’s silence out of respect for him.”
All the paintings agreed and hushed suddenly. Egbert turned the volume down on the television to silent. 
Kathy gazed around in astonishment. At once she had a thought: “If any of this is real, then I may have a chance to save this man’s life now.” She stood up and practically sprinted outside. Putting aside her fear of being outside alone and in the dark, she stood in anticipation for the man whose life she might save.
Presently she saw the man standing on the opposite side of the road which ran between the apartment block and the park. He was obviously going to cross.
“Wait! No! Don’t cross!” yelled Kathy in his direction.
The man turned to look at her. In the dim light, she could make out a face- “no! Surely it can’t be?” she thought to herself, for the face before her was that of Thomas. 
“Thomas! Thomas!” she yelled in excitement. “Is it you?”
The man continued looking at her. A serious expression passed across his face, then one of recognition:
“Kathy! Hello! I was coming to see you!”
Kathy allowed her excitement to get the better of her; she rushed across the road, and Thomas did the same.
Neither of them saw the lorry coming.
Thomas was immediately struck down. His body was thrown ten feet through the air before it landed- there was no doubt that he was dead. The lorry continued on its journey as if nothing had happened. Kathy ran over to the body in despair and grief- so close, and now dead! And all her fault!
Yet when she reached the body, and looked into the face of the man who had been hit, she saw not Thomas’ face but that of a stranger: an old man with false teeth, a missing eye and a mole on his left cheek. 
Kathy reeled back. Nothing was making sense tonight. None of this was happening, none of it was real- forget what the painting said, she thought, this has to be a dream. This cannot be real.
Emotional, she ran back into the apartment block; past the common room where she could still hear Egbert and the paintings having a lively discussion; into the lift and then into her flat, past the inexplicably purple wall, and finally she crumpled onto her bed, in a heap, hoping that by the time daylight arrived, none of this would have happened.



Chapter 6
Kathy slept like a corpse that night. She spent the hours of darkness tossing and turning through dreamless slumber. Half-formed images and shadows of an unknown horror passed before her mind’s eye, which were too ephemeral to be called a dream, but real enough to create a latent sense of unease all through the night.
When she awoke, she found herself in the clothes she had been wearing when she had flung herself into bed. They were drenched with cold sweat and she pulled them from her body in disgust, chucking them aside like the dirty rags they were.
Her eyes glanced towards the clock beside her bed: 12:00, exactly midday. She was late for work. That, however, did not bother her. Despite her intent to return to her normal life, the disturbing events of the night before had somewhat changed her priorities. 
Her first thought was to check if last night’s events had been real. Her rational mind told her that they could not be; yet her memory told her they were.
Leaping out of bed, she rushed into the living room- and there she stopped: for the wall before her remained purple. If that had been real… then what of those other things? Of Thomas, or that man who had taken his place in front of the vehicle? Of Egbert and the paintings? It was such a minor detail, the colour of a wall, and yet it was a portent of things to come- or things that had been.
She approached the wall and, like the day before, stretched out her hand to touch it. It was rough to the touch and felt like every other painted wall she had felt before. Most importantly, the texture was dry, as if it had been there for years and had not mysteriously appeared the night before without explanation or invitation.
A sudden fear shook her. She remembered how the wall had reacted in her dream state, when it had taken on the form of many other walls at the same time. Her hand involuntarily removed itself from the textured surface at that thought- yet Kathy forced her rational mind to overcome this instinctive reaction, and she forced her reluctant hand once more onto the wall before her. 
It stayed put. This was reality.
With a confusing mixture of emotions stirring up inside her, she dashed out of her flat and headed down to the ground floor reception.
A young man was working there. She had seen him many times before, but had never had the need to talk to him. They often acknowledged each other with gestures but had never spoken a word to each other- yet despite this, she felt that she knew him somewhat. Over the years, she had observed him often enough to recognise his facial features and to notice when he was happy or sad, upset or excited. It was strange how two people who have never spoken could nevertheless have a relationship of some wordless intimacy.
So when he saw her approaching, his smiling visage was replaced by an expression of concern at the sight of her frenzied expression. 
“What’s wrong?” he asked.
She didn’t respond right away. Truth be told, she didn’t know what to say. She wanted desperately to learn the fate of the accident victim the night before, or to learn that the whole thing had been a hallucination, but she did not know how to ask about it without seeming mad (if there had been no accident) or callous (if it turned out that she had abandoned a dying man in the middle of the road).
Her indecision and anxiety reflected upon her expression: she was glancing around nervously like a frightened animal. The young man, for his part, was perturbed to see her like this. Although they had never spoken, he had often seen her walking out of the block of flats on her way to work. Then, she had always seemed self-confident and strong, walking briskly towards her day’s business. Now the woman before him was a shadow of that former self: nervous, anxious, unsure of her surroundings.
Kathy presently opened her mouth to speak: 
“Did… did anything happen last night?” she stammered. Her words came out rushed and her voice was almost cracked.
The young man furrowed his brow. “I’m afraid you’ll have to be more specific. What kind of thing do you think might have happened?”
There was a pause. “An accident,” she said finally. “Just outside here. On this road.” As she said this, she pointed her shaking finger out of the lobby towards the street.
“Yes, I think something did happen,” he said thoughtfully. “It wasn’t my shift, but when I came into work this morning the night security guard informed me of an incident. Apparently someone was hit by a vehicle. An old man with no ID.”
Kathy’s heart stopped. It appeared that however much of last night’s adventure had been imagined, certain elements had been real. Her heart filled with guilt- how could she have abandoned a man to die in the road? She could try to justify it with her state of delirium at the time, but somehow that didn’t sit right within her.
She swallowed, awaiting the inevitable. She was expecting the man before her to tell her the accident victim had died, if she asked. She was expecting to see his accusing eyes uttering the unspoken question: how could you have left him there alone? Why didn’t you call for help? 
She tried to tell herself that the accident had not been her fault. But perhaps the delay in calling for help had inadvertently killed him. Perhaps her inaction, her cowardice, had been the metaphorical knife that had taken his life.
She swallowed again.
“How… how is he?” she asked nervously.
The receptionist looked as if he were digging deep in his mind for some misplaced recollection.
“Not good,” came the eventual answer. “He was hurt badly. The vehicle that hit him was speeding. The collision shattered most of his bones. He’s in hospital now.”
So he was seriously injured and hospitalised. But… he was not dead. At least, the receptionist had not said he was dead. Kathy’s heart skipped a beat and she took a deep breath, so deep and so luscious that it felt as if in her terror she had forgotten to keep breathing, as if this good news had given her lungs their first taste of air since the night before.
She almost dared not say it: “But he’s alive?”
“Oh yes,” replied the young man. This time the response was immediate and almost flippant. It seemed that the young man had no inherent interest in the event and that his furrowed brows had been out of concentration, not concern. “Critical, but alive. Doctors say...” he paused for thought. “The doctors say it’ll be a long time, but he will recover.”
Kathy almost collapsed from relief. A weight had fallen from her shoulders: whatever the rights and wrongs of her actions the night before, they had not had fatal consequences. She did not have to live with a man’s death on her conscience.
Without explanation to her friend, without saying thank you or goodbye, Kathy suddenly rushed into the community room. The paintings were still there. Their subjects sat in their frames, motionless and silent. David Tennant was looking down on the room with mad eyes. George Clooney sat, arms folded with a stationary smile. Mother Theresa wore the constant tired look of a woman burdened with the care of a thousand sick people. But these expressions were, to be sure, stationary: the paintings were not moving, nor talking, nor sighing, nor breathing, nor gesturing, nor living. The nightmare of the previous night was not repeating itself.
Had she been in a calmer frame of mind, Kathy might have remarked to herself how odd the choice of paintings was. Normally one would expect to find a few watercolours and landscapes in a room such as this- especially considering this was suburban London. It would have been nice to have some view of the countryside, however inaccurate or unreal. Kathy had once visited the British gallery and seen a painting of a river and a cottage by an artist whose name she could not remember. It had been so realistic that she could have mistaken it for a photograph, or even a window. 
She may also have noticed how little variety was on display in that room. It was inhabited singly by portraits, mostly by the same artist. The walls were littered with them almost to the point of cluttering up the room. Even Agnes’ Alcove was mainly portraits- it seemed that she, too, lacked the drive to paint anything that wasn’t human. Moreover, these portraits were not in different positions or backgrounds, but all featured their subject in precisely the same position on the paper. It just seemed on reflection to be- boring, lazy, unimaginative; a waste of the creativity that should be inherent in art.
That is what Kathy would have thought had she been in a better frame of mind. However, her frenzied brain was desperate to prove to herself that these paintings were simply paintings. Hope and Dread lived side by side in her belly. They were not the best of roommates: constantly struggling against one another; when one grew in size the other shrank away, and both knew that one of them would be extinguished when Kathy finally had the courage to turn the television on to Channel Fishing.
After a short while deliberating, panting and pacing, Kathy’s resolve strengthened. She grabbed the remote, switched it on and turned to channel 536.
A bearded man appeared on screen holding what seemed to be a herring. He was boasting of his most recent catch and demonstrating just how huge it had been by gesticulating with his arms. He seemed genuinely proud of it and was beaming widely at the camera.
Yet Kathy wasn’t interested. Her eyes were peeled; her ears were pricked- she felt like an animal in a forest, terse and tense to respond to any danger. She turned the sound down on the television and heard- silence. The paintings were not talking. They were not moving. All was still.
Hope began to win out; Dread began to shrink into nothingness. She scoured the room examining each painting in turn and looking for any sign of movement. Perhaps these paintings had come alive but were hiding their true nature from her?
Yet they were not. Each painting remained as still as any image should. David Tennant showed no signs of breathing; George Clooney did not seem about to unfold his arms; Mother Theresa’s face did not break into a compassionate smile. They were, as expected, mere images on canvas with no life in them.
Kathy nearly collapsed from relief a second time. The accident victim had not died; the paintings did not talk; all was comparatively well with the world.
She found herself slumped on one of the chairs in the room. She was in view of the still open door and could see the young receptionist looking at her with a concerned expression on his face. He asked her if she was alright, to which she responded with a weary smile. 
Her attention turned to the chair now. It was by no means a brilliant chair: it was the kind of chair one buys when one has a limited budget and needs to buy in bulk for a community room that one knows is never going to be used. As such, it was made from a cheap grey material which was, nevertheless, surprisingly comfortable to the touch. It was the same consistency as sponge cake and had the same airy texture. 
This material was cushioned in a hard, wooden chair frame. The legs, backrest and arms of the chair were made from a cheap MDF-type material which was much more disappointing to the touch than the spongy cushioned part: it felt rough, almost to the point of splintering. The colour was not that of real timber, but rather an artificial colour designed to deceive the sitter that it was pine or some other high quality material. While this effect was undoubtedly designed to make its occupier more impressed with his/her choice of chair, in reality it merely gave the chair a fake appearance that rendered it cheap-looking and unattractive.
Kathy was fascinated by the chair. For now, it was her whole reality. Her hands clung to the arms for dear life. The tips of her fingers caressed the rough wooden texture; felt its rings and knots; sought out the coarse, sharp bits and revelled in stroking them, tempting fate as if daring the chair to give her a splinter. She absorbed the feeling from her back and her bottom of the sponge like cushion and allowed herself to sink into it. She scrunched up her eyes and blocked out any image of the world: this was real. What she could feel now was real. She had confirmed that last night had not been real. It could not have been. It must have been a temporary madness which had- she prayed- worn off by now. And now, she revelled in the world of her senses, delighting in every tiny sensation she could feel: the wood on her hands, the cushions on her body, the shoes on her feet, the shirt on her legs- she felt it all more than she ever had before in a desperate attempt to convince herself that this was reality and to cling on to it for dear life.
She must have fallen asleep in this position, because she was interrupted from this by the young man tapping her on the shoulder. When she reluctantly opened her eyes, she saw his worried face and furrowed brow staring down at her as he leaned over her. He seemed startled and embarrassed to have woken her. It seemed she had woken to find him examining her almost like an insect or an interesting specimen in a lab.  He drew back, his cheeks flushed and said meekly:
“Are you alright?”
Kathy stared at him. Then she smiled. Then she laughed. She stood up, patted him on the shoulder and declared loudly, “Yes! Yes, I am perfectly fine thank you!”
All of a sudden she grabbed his shoulder and squeezed. It must have been disturbing for the poor man, but she only meant to feel his body to see that he existed. Her fingertips felt the sensation of the soft fabric of his jacket and the fine grooves that ran down its arm. She grinned at the sensation and hugged him wildly.
The poor man didn’t know how to react. Though they had never spoken, he had felt that he had some measure of this woman and knew what she would be like. Today, though, their first conversation had revealed her to be at best weird, at worst insane. He drew himself from the situation awkwardly with an excuse about paperwork and left Kathy alone in the communal room.
Kathy was not bothered. She calmly headed back to her flat in order to prepare for the day and maybe head into work.
She walked into her flat and presently remembered the problem of the purple wall. Yet that no longer bothered her: she touched it, and her senses told her it was real. And what other evidence have I of what is real? She reasoned. I suppose I must accept the evidence of my senses, for there is no other evidence available to me.
She resolved- again- to contact her landlord and get the problem fixed.
The phone rang out for several minutes before a curt voice answered on the other end.
“Hello?” the voice inquired in an estuary twang. “Who is this?”
Kathy’s landlord spoke like a character from ‘Are You Being Served?’, and dressed like one too. He was never seen without a carefully ironed suit- from the most fashionable designer of the season, naturally. He was a man with a keen sense of style and looked down on anyone who lacked such grace when it came to looking good. If you wanted to rent one of his flats, the first thing he would do is look you up and down and judge whether you were fashionable enough to be his tenant. Of course, he did give rooms to the ‘common’ unfashionable man but that was purely out of necessity- yet he was visibly ruder with those tenants and visibly less available to help out.
Of course, even if he approved of your fashion, the only approval you would receive would be a curt nod and a thin smile. His head was long and oval in shape; he had short, brown hair and very thin lips- so thin it was sometimes difficult to tell whether he had any at all. His mouth was in a constant sneer and when he talked, which was rare and which usually consisted of saying only what must be said and nothing more, one had the distinct impression that he was talking down to you rather than with you.
Kathy hesitated. Given this character of her landlord, was it likely that he had secretly commissioned a partial repainting of her room? Perhaps it wasn’t likely, but… what other possibility could there be?
“It’s Kathy Turner,” replied Kathy. “One of your tenants.”
“Oh yes, you,” replied the landlord. Even down the phone, she could hear his sneer. Evidently she was not one of the fashionable tenants. “What do you want?”
“I have a problem with my flat. One of the walls has turned… purple.”
“Purple?” replied the landlord. His voice was thick with disapproval. “You haven’t repainted without my permission have you?”
“No, of course not,” replied Kathy earnestly. “I just wondered if you had… erm… well, I woke up one morning and it was purple. Overnight it had changed colour. And I have no idea why, or how.”
A pause. Clearly, the landlord was having trouble believing this story. “It just… changed colour?” he said incredulously.
“Yes.”
Another pause. “And what do you want me to do about it?”
“Well come on over, have a look at it, fix it I guess.”
“Do you not like purple?” asked the landlord puzzlingly.
“Personally, no. But that’s not the issue. I didn’t repaint it but clearly somebody did, and I don’t know who or how but it must have been in the middle of the night. I don’t feel safe in my home anymore, and I need to, especially considering…”
Arnold flashed through her mind again, for the first time that day. She shuddered at the memory.
“Considering what?” asked the landlord impatiently.
“Nothing, nothing,” muttered Kathy hurriedly. She was not prepared to discuss those events now, and especially not with her landlord. 
The landlord sighed. “I’ll be there this afternoon,” he said finally. With that, the conversation was over and the phone line went dead.
Kathy sighed, almost happily. “I’ll be there this afternoon” he had said; by the afternoon, everything would be sorted.
She decided to phone work and explain the situation. She told them that she had recovered and felt better now; that she was unable to come into work, but that she was willing to work from home if there was anything that needed doing.
Upon hearing this news, Harcroft returned to her old ways. Gone were the kind words and sympathetic noises; they were replaced by the standard harsh, strict business ethic. Her voice became as cold as ever as she ordered Kathy,
“Good. I want you to write me an opinion piece about how the government’s new budget will affect women in particular, and I want it done by 9 a.m. tomorrow.”
And that was that. Once the necessary formalities of polite society had been done with, the conversation was over and the phone was down. Kathy smiled. Her life was back to normal.
She settled down at her table with her laptop in front of her and a cup of coffee by her side. A copy of the government’s new budget had been emailed to her, and it was her job to read through the details and comment on it.
The document was dreary to say the least. It comprised of 57 pages in the smallest font imaginable and most of it was about tax. Kathy hated tax. She hated paying it and she hated reading about it. And given the recent recession and cuts in government spending, most of it wasn’t good news: some taxes were going up- although, surprise surprise, the wealthy were getting off lightly with what was, in effect, a tax break- and many areas of the public sector were being cut. It all added up to one simple idea: more money for fewer services. It made depressing reading.
Still, it was Kathy’s job to tell it to the public and to make it interesting. She tried to find an interesting slant on it to make her research less dull. To be fair, it wasn’t hard: tax may be a boring subject, but it’s quite infuriating when it’s bad news. And anger is good fuel. Anger makes for good articles and good motivation. Kathy had lost the idealist within her a long time ago, but at times such as this a small spark of it returned and grappled onto the hope that a few angry words by her in a national newspaper might make the government reconsider- or at least, make sure someone else gets a go in power when the next election comes around.
She tried to concentrate on her work, but she was sitting in her front room with the purple wall. She had deliberately positioned herself so that her back was to the wall and she did not have to look at it. Despite having decided it could all be explained rationally, she couldn’t shake a niggling feeling within her. She would often turn her head suddenly to check it out of some paranoid fear. She even got up occasionally to touch it and make sure it was real, physical. Each time it was. And yet… there was something in the corner of her eye that she could not get a detailed look at but which unnerved her all the same. Perhaps it was her mind imagining things, but sometimes our imaginings can consume our whole world and put a new slant on reality.
At one point, she had to stop work and do breathing exercises to calm down. She had pinned all her hopes on the landlord fixing the wall, explaining the problem, finding the solution. The landlord will fix it: this is the mantra she used whenever an unnamed worry entered her mind, whenever she felt the urge to turn her head and gaze at… honestly, she didn’t know what she was gazing at. Perhaps simply keeping the wall in her sight reassured her that it was still there; that it had not changed colour again or even disappeared. Perhaps this was an existential crisis.
Presently the doorbell rang and she nearly jumped out of her skin. By this point her earlier happy-ish mood had diminished and she had become entirely preoccupied by the wall. Her work was unfinished; in fact, it had barely started. She had written only two paragraphs before her anxiety had gotten the better of her and she was now staring fixedly at the wall, just waiting, tensed and ready, her body full of flight-or-fight adrenaline. She was looking at the door, too, and the windows; her mind was enveloped by the idea that somebody had gotten into her house in the middle of the night and repainted. The sheer absurdity of the idea surrounded her mind like a thick blanket. The complete incomprehensibility of a wall simply changing colour was now at the forefront of her mind.
She had been sitting there in that state for half an hour. It would be a mistake to say she was thinking about the wall, because she was not thinking at all; where normally a voice would be chatting away within her head there was now merely tension, with barely a whisper of thought in the back of her mind, not fully formed enough to be called thought. It may have belonged merely to the realm of instinct or emotion; yet this instinct or emotion was fully understood by her, even without thought or words. 
So when the doorbell rang, it shook her out of her inner world. She leapt like a snake from her chair and hovered hesitantly on the floor before approaching the door and opening it.
Her landlord stood before her. She was ready to breathe a sigh of relief, but then saw that he had arrived with a young couple and, when he saw Kathy standing before him, had a look of shock and outrage on his face.
“Who are YOU?” he exclaimed ferociously.
This shocked Kathy to the core of her being. Such speech was completely out of character for her landlord. He was normally a demure, reserved man whose anger was expressed subtly and, for that, all the more terrifyingly. She did not understand what would provoke such an explosive reaction within him.
“I’m Kathy, your tenant,” she replied meekly. “We spoke on the phone earlier today.”
The landlord looked at her with a cruel smirk on his face. His eyes betrayed a rage barely hidden as he said, coolly and simply, “I have no tenant here. This is an empty flat.”
“Then why did you ring the doorbell?” asked Kathy.
“I was expecting my agent to answer. He should be here getting the flat ready for viewing.”
Kathy was unsure how to react to this situation. It all seemed rather surreal and Kathy was ready to laugh at it, were it not for the events of last night and the look of sincere confusion upon the faces of the couple accompanying the landlord. Everything was consistent with them coming to view a property they intended to buy- except the fact that Kathy already rented it. 
The silence was broken when the landlord gazed inside the room.
“The wall in purple,” he said simply.
“Yes, that’s why I asked you to come,” replied Kathy.
“The wall should not be purple,” he stated, ignoring Kathy and gazing down at her with complete disdain. He pressed one of his long, thin fingers against the wall. “It is dry, too. Evidently it was painted a long time ago- long enough to dry.”
He paused.
“Did you break into my flat and decide to start repainting?” asked the landlord to Kathy, contempt dripping from every word he uttered.
Kathy was aghast. She did not understand what was happening and was at a loss as to what to say. 
The landlord’s hand suddenly enclosed around her arm. “Get out,” he ordered her. His voice was calm and quiet but betrayed a clear rage which was impossible to disguise.
Kathy began to protest, but with unexpected strength the landlord pulled her through the doorway and into the corridor and, in the same move, stepped into her flat with the couple. She was now outside her flat while he was inside.
“If I ever catch you trespassing on my property again, I’ll call the police.”
With that, he slammed the door shut.
Yet just before it closed on her, she caught a glimpse of the woman’s face. She was standing with the man- her husband, partner, boyfriend, brother; it had never been explained- behind the landlord. Her expression, like that of her husband, had been one of utter confusion throughout the incident; yet at the door was closing, her thin face transformed itself into an ugly smile and she said, barely audibly, 
“Admiror, O paries…”
Kathy took a step back. She never heard the woman complete her sentence, but she could guess what the complete phrase would be: that Latin phrase from the terrible night before, when reality had confused itself or else she’d gone mad. Suddenly, somehow, her salvation- the arrival of the landlord who would fix everything- had instead plunged her back into her nightmare.
She stood there, outside her front door. Her front door of her flat. The flat in which she had lived for two years now. A feeling of indignity and rage grew up inside her at the rude way in which her landlord had treated her. Sure, it was rare that she contacted him- this had been the second time in all her tenancy- but he must remember that she was his tenant. At any rate, he must have remembered that he at least already had a tenant, who always paid the rent- and quite a considerable amount of rent, she thought to add, for the size of her flat.
Filled with a resolute determination, she barged forwards and attempted to get back in. The door was, however, locked; she ended up bumping into the door in a most undignified manner. Knocked back, and holding her nose (for she had banged it, and it hurt considerably), she began banging on the door and asserting- quite loudly- her right to enter her flat.
Her cries were to no avail, however. She could hear the landlord and the couple inside her flat discussing details of the accommodation. Presently the landlord was describing the kitchen as “cosy and convenient for modern living”. His voice was interesting to listen to: evidently he considered the young couple accompanying him as suitably stylish and fashionable, for his voice was empty of the disdain with which he spoke to Kathy. And yet an irritation was growing in his voice. He had decided to ignore Kathy’s pleas, but the unceasing relentless banging was clearly beginning to make him rather irate.
Nevertheless, it must have been five minutes before his patience wore thin. Through the door, listening to his sales spiel and his footsteps, Kathy could tell that the trio of intruders were in her bedroom discussing the interior décor. A complaint from the man in the couple about the “mad lady at the front door” prompted the landlord to leave his prospective tenants and march towards the entrance in order to give Kathy a good telling off.
His footsteps grew closer. It is remarkable how much one can discern from mere footsteps: the pace of his step informed Kathy of the landlord’s sense of urgency; despite this, the timbre and the rhythm maintained the landlord’s never-ending class and sense of style. Kathy could imagine him walking briskly through her living room-kitchen area: his brogue shoes treading purposefully on the carpet; his thin lips curled into a grimace of disdain.
The door opened: not fully, but just enough for the landlord’s head to peer out into the corridor.
“Stop this at once or I’ll call the police.”
With that, he shut the door and returned, just as briskly, to the couple.
At least, he thought he had shut the door; for Kathy had, unknown to him, stuck her foot in the doorway and now had a way back into her flat. She silently yet forcefully pushed the door open and marched back into what was rightfully hers, to take it back from her strange intruders.
As she stepped through the threshold, she was filled with silent, latent anger. The situation of the past few days had left her feeling weak, feeble, and afraid- yet this was not reality breaking its own rules; rather, this was a dodgy landlord seeking to steal back his flat unlawfully. This was too much. Rage spilled over a dam in Kathy’s mind, as if it had been building up for a long time and now, this intrusion represented a thunderstorm which had filled the dam to overflowing. She was angry at her landlord. She was angry at the couple. She was angry at the paintings and the wall and the man with the changing face from the night before. And all that anger was ready to be unleashed…
…until she stepped through the doorway, when she was instantly returned to the terrified status of a helpless child. For before her lay an immaculate, show-home flat:  she was standing by the doorway in a room she had once known intimately. She had lived here for two years. She had had boyfriends over here and had cuddles on the sofa; she had been here with friends, eating ice-cream and watching films; she had sobbed into that cushion on the end of her sofa when she had been dumped, or when someone had died in a film, or simply when she had become emotional for no discernible reason.  This flat was her home, and it contained many memories; it was like an extension of herself.
But the flat before her was a show-flat. The cream carpet was brand new: gone were the familiar red wine or ice cream stains. The table, on which she did all her work and ate all her food, lacked the worn, used feel she had grown to love. She walked over to it and felt its surface: smooth, brand new. Gone was the solidified glue from when she was trying to do some DIY and had accidentally pointed the glue gun at her table. 
In short, the flat looked as if nobody lived in it. It looked immaculate, brand-new, sparkling: there was no indication that it was her home.
So much so that all the personal touches she had added were gone, too. The paintings on the wall she had so carefully chosen and put up…
…painting…
She turned on the spot and gazed at the purple wall. Only it was no longer purple: it had returned to the colour of all the other walls, and looked completely right and in place. There was no longer anything about that wall which made it stand out at all.
She ran up to it and pressed her hand against it. It was as she had feared: it was dry, rough and felt as though the paint job had been done months before. There was no possibility that the landlord could have done all this in the five minutes he had been in her flat.
A sickening thought struck her. She turned on her heel once more and stared, thunderstruck, at the table. It was empty. Her laptop, with which she had been working only ten minutes ago, was gone. All her work, all the memories and photos it contained, were gone.
The flat showed no evidence that she, or indeed anyone, had ever lived there. It was as if in her five minute absence, all trace of her having lived there had vanished and it had reverted to the form it had been in when she had moved in: clean, pristine, devoid of personality.
Unsure what to do, she stood there, in the corner of her front room, transfixed on the spot. She was not lost in thought; rather, she was lost in nothingness. No words or images passed through her mind. There was simply silence and numbness.
She was only vaguely aware of the three trespassers still being present in her flat. They were still in the bedroom. Kathy could hear them, muffled as if through glass, discussing the interior décor. Absent-mindedly she grasped onto their conversation. The man was talking with enthusiasm about his vision for the bedroom. Apparently, he was a designer by trade and was imagining elaborate schemes for decoration, including a rhino’s head on the wall and leopard-skin wallpaper. The landlord’s tone of voice had become irritated when talking with the man: he was always a man of few words, but Kathy could tell that the man’s plans did not go with his idea of how the flat should look. His earlier friendliness towards the couple, based on their stylish dress sense, had waned and now he was explaining curtly that he would not allow certain changes to the flat. Upon hearing this, the man seemed downtrodden and stopped talking.
Kathy grew bored of listening to their conversation and began to drift away in her mind. She imagined strange, incomprehensible images unrelated neither to each other nor to reality: a unicorn in space; a red train entering a tunnel; a buffalo, dancing on Broadway; Thomas in handcuffs being led away by police; a cat she had once owned as a child called Ben who had sadly been put down… she found her mind focussed on that terrible event and focussed on the emotions she had felt that day. She relived the experience of looking at her cat’s dead body, laid out on the table; she remembered burying him; she remembered the feeling of great betrayal that she had allowed her parents to kill, murder, slaughter her friend, her brother, the flurry, fluffy companion who had been there all her life… she remembered the terrible, terrible sadness that would not lift for weeks… she remembered…
Then she stopped remembering as she was brought back to reality and greeted by a curious scene before her. The landlord and the couple were now in the front room. The landlord was standing quite close to her, almost so close that his nose was touching hers; the couple were standing in the background, gazing worriedly at her. The door was open and two policemen, accompanied by the receptionist, were standing in the doorway. The policemen had stern, hard looks upon their faces; the receptionist looked compassionate but confused, his brow furrowed in its characteristic way. 
She stayed perfectly still and moved only her eyes to discern the situation. She had retreated into her imagination to escape what reality was throwing at her: now that she was back, it had still not changed. The flat, which had borne all the hallmarks of her ownership just an hour before, was still devoid of such evidence. Her gaze fell upon the landlord’s nose. It was so close that she could make out the tiniest details: the hair in his nostrils; the pores on his skin; its various shades of pink, red and orange as it flared in barely disguisable annoyance.
“Get out,” ordered the landlord simply. 
Kathy was dumbfounded. She could barely speak except for an almost inaudible and meek “No.”
“Ma’am, if you don’t vacate the premises we will have to arrest you for trespass,” came a voice behind her. It was one of the police officers. There were a male and a female police officer, and it was unclear which of them was talking: either the man had a very feminine voice, or the woman sounded quite butch. Kathy spun round on the spot to see who was speaking, but by the time she had turned enough to have them in her sights the speaker had finished speaking and she was given no clue which had addressed her.
“But this is my home,” she uttered imperceptibly. Those further away strained to hear her muttered reply; only the landlord had heard what she had said, and replied,
“This is not your home. This is my flat. Get out.”
Kathy felt a warm touch on her left arm. It was the receptionist. He looked at her in a kindly manner and said, “It’s alright. We’ll get you the help you need. Just come with us and everything will be alright.”
We’ll get you the help you need… the words flashed through Kathy’s mind and re-awoke the anger that had died on entry. They thought she was mad! They thought she had some sort of mental condition and needed psychiatric help! She felt so insulted that words practically burst out of her, loudly and crudely, bitterly and uncontrollably:
“No, this is my home. The only reason any of you are here is because I phoned you”- at this point a shaking finger was pointed at the landlord- “to come and fix my wall, because two nights or so ago it had inexplicably turned purple.”
She suddenly faltered and realised the impact of her words. To the people around her, she must have sounded ridiculous for the wall to which she was now indicating was clearly not purple, but the standard shade of yellow that every other wall in the flat exhibited. Nevertheless, she faltered only for a second before continuing:
“You said you’d come this afternoon, but you only arrived in the evening. You were late!”
It seemed her anger was ready to pick up on anything now, even the most marginal and insignificant detail.
“And… and… why did you ring the doorbell when you came? If nobody is meant to be living here, why did you ring the doorbell?”
Her audience had been struck dumb. Everyone, bar the landlord, had a completely blank expression on their faces; the landlord, being the exception, maintained a look of mere annoyance, although his nostrils were more flared than before.
“And you were only in here for five minutes! And when I come back in, all my stuff is gone!”
Presently she rushed to her table and pointed an accusing finger at the location where her laptop used to be.
“My laptop!” she shrieked. “My laptop was here just fifteen minutes ago! Where is it now? Where is it?”
She stood there, panting and breathless. Finally her words had stopped; she no longer had anything to say, and her rage died down into a sort of despair so that her panting became sobbing and she almost struggled to stand.
The receptionist came over to her and supported her. His blank expression had been replaced once more with a look of concern as his warm, kindly hands grabbed her back and arm and prevented her from falling.
“You…” she said breathlessly to the receptionist. “You! I spoke to you, this morning. You know me! I’ve lived here two years! We’ve seen each other practically every morning as I went to work! Tell me… tell me you know I’m not mad?”
The receptionist said nothing, but merely looked at her sadly. 
“That man! Last night! That man who was hit by a lorry! You told me this morning that he was injured in hospital! But still alive! You told me!” she yelled shrilly. 
“I… I don’t know any man, sorry,” said the receptionist mournfully.
“Then tell me,” broke Kathy’s voice through barely containable sobs, “Tell me you know me. Because I’ve lived here for two years and I’ve seen you every day and I know my landlord but nobody here seems to recognise me and my flat has disowned me and…”
Her voice broke away and she could not contain her despair any longer.
“I’m sorry, I don’t know you. And this flat has been empty all year. Nobody has lived here.”
The words cut Kathy like a knife. If this was today’s nightmare, she wanted to go back to yesterday’s; even with the talking paintings and the purple wall, it was at least preferable to this, to this nightmare of non-existence, where nobody recognises you…
Maybe she was mad. Maybe she was. She examined her mind and found that nothing corresponded to reality anymore. She was the absurd woman; or maybe reality itself had become absurd. In the past 24 hours, reality had defied all the expectations she had ever had of it from what she had learnt or what she had remembered. Maybe her mind was wrong and maybe her memories were all fake and maybe she was just a mad lady who often formed fake memories and ended up gate-crashing flats that weren’t hers and breaking down in tears.  Or maybe reality itself had gone wrong, and her memories were correct but her world was not.
Either way, reality had become absurd and she hated it. She despised it. She could not understand it. The message of her senses fundamentally disagreed with everything her memory and her brain told her the world should be, and she did not know what to believe now.
“Ma’am, you have to leave now or we will have no choice but to arrest you,” declared the androgynous police voice again. This time it had an added element of both compassion and irritation, but the message was the same: she was being turned out onto the street, out of her home, with nothing but the clothes on her back. She had not even her identity anymore. 
“We’ll get you the help you need. Don’t worry,” soothed the receptionist- only it was not a soothing sentiment, but rather one which made Kathy all the more agitated.
The woman caught Kathy’s eye. Her mouth had slowly curled into that terrible, terrible smile and her mouth opened. It was like watching in slow motion and Kathy knew the words that were about to come out:
“Admiror, O paries, te non cecidisse ruinis qui tot scriptorum taedia sustineas”
Kathy screamed and immediately glanced at the wall that had been purple not so long ago. Yet it remained its disquieting shade of yellow, as if mocking her. Today was a different perversion of reality. She glanced back at the woman to find that she was still smiling that awful smile and she glanced at all the faces around the room looking intently at her: the mocking landlord; the absent-minded man; the grinning woman; the concerned receptionist; the stern police officers, who both seemed to wear exactly the same expression and act in unison.
It was all too much for Kathy. She let out one last shriek and sprinted as fast as she could out of her flat and into the corridor; from the corridor into the lift; and from  the lift, through the reception and into the park that lay opposite her block of flats, where she rested against a tree exhausted, both emotionally and physically.
She lay there, slumped against the tree trunk, for what seemed like hours. It is amazing how, when reality falls apart, you cling onto the simplest of things; how, for example, when a loved one dies, or your house burns down, you suddenly notice the things that lie hidden in the background most of the time: the inherent beauty of birdsong; the way the grass dances in the wind and the contrast between its various shades of green; the tranquillity of a park on a Sunday afternoon, with families playing and couples cuddling. It is as if you return to your basest form, without any human constructs or concepts: you are simply a being, existing in the world and enjoying its rich variety.
Perhaps it is a defence mechanism. Perhaps it is the mind’s response to an information overload: it simply refuses to process it, and instead focuses on the simple things. In a way, it becomes once more a child’s mind, gazing in wonder at every little, minor detail in its vision.
Of course, such innocence is merely the disguise of a deep emotional turmoil going on inside: while Kathy’s conscious mind was suddenly in a state of numb bliss, surveying the park scene and feeling the rough bark, beneath the surface her mind was deeply troubled. Still, despite the shallowness of her newfound calm, she was grateful that the panic she had felt on fleeing the flat had subsided. 
She entertained thoughts that none of it had happened, and that if she were to return to her flat now, she would find it empty, with the door open and all her things returned. It would turn out that her nightmare had been just that- a nightmare, nothing more than the frenzied hallucinations of a dreaming mind… or a mad one. 
And it was entirely possible. Yet Kathy doubted it. Her gut told her that if she were to try to return home, she would find the door locked and her landlord denying any knowledge of her.
She sighed, and sank deeper into the tree-trunk, presently curling into a half-foetal position. It is strange how simply curling up into a ball shape, with legs and arms and head hidden as far as possible, can provide some, small, measure of comfort. The storm now raging beneath the surface of her mind was stilled slightly from a hurricane into a mere gale. Yet, if we are to extend this maritime metaphor, this storm was firmly beneath the surface; Kathy found herself in the position of a sailor on calm waters, yet who is aware that just five metres below the deceptively calm surface the currents are twisting and foaming and it is only a matter of time before they break through and come crashing in as waves.
So for the moment she enjoyed her relative calm. She knew she’d have to deal with whatever was happening sooner or later, but for the moment she contented herself to close her eyes and hide in unreality…
She smirked. Here she was, trying to escape reality within her own head, when she wasn’t even sure that what was happening outside her head was reality. She giggled at the thought that instead of trying to escape reality, maybe she should be trying to get back into it.
The dirt at the foot of the tree was pleasant to lie on. Sure, a mattress and a bed would have been better, but she didn’t dwell on that. Little grains of soil penetrated through the gaps in the fabric of her clothes. As she lay there longer, little legs began to crawl along her skin: beetles or spiders or millipedes, welcoming her as if she were a new piece of furniture. They were a strange comfort- a reminder that she was not entirely alone.
Presently she began to shiver. It was early evening, around seven o’clock. She opened one eye wide enough to see that the sun was in its last stage of setting and the last rays of its light were illuminating the horizon a dazzling red colour.
The thought occurred to her that she was now homeless. It reminded her of a few months back, when she had reported on the impact of public sector spending cuts on the more vulnerable members of society. The main thesis of her article was the impact they would have on the homeless, and how the number of homeless people would- and already had begun to- rise dramatically. Now, she would be one of them.
As part of her investigation, she had interviewed a woman called Martha. She had been living on the streets for five years now. Having been through the social services and charity hostels, she had always ended up back on the street due to a cocktail of various mental illnesses that most organisations were simply unable to cope with. Despite this, Martha had been a charming woman. She had described how she had been a fairly normal member of society: a good job, good marriage, two kids. Then she had decided to pack it all in and join the army. She had served in Northern Ireland and come home with Post Traumatic Stress Disorder. The army had been unable- or unwilling- to help her. She was discharged from service. Her old job wouldn’t take her back, and she struggled to find a new one. Her regular nightmares put a strain on her marriage. In the end, she had fled terrified from her home after seeing a new, unpleasant side to her husband when he had resorted to domestic violence as a result of the marital difficulties. Her friends had put her up for a while, but that wasn’t a permanent solution and eventually they grew tired of supporting her and she ended up homeless and begging.
Begging. Is that something Kathy would have to do? The thought sent a shudder down her spine. 
Martha had been an inspiration, though. She had survived five years on the streets. It made Kathy feel like she, too, could survive. Plus, Martha had done that with PTSD. She had reported still having regular nightmares: one particular event that frequently appeared in her dreams had been one time when she had been forced to kill an enemy combatant. Of course, that is what soldiers do- but even with the most rigorous training, there remains a small voice within your head saying killing is wrong. At least, that was the case for Martha. She had kept telling herself that it had been necessary, that unless she had pulled the trigger, ten others would have died- yet the image of that woman’s face had stuck in her memory: the moment when the life fled from her eyes; the thud as she crashed to the ground; even the way her blood-matted hair had moved in the breeze- these images had haunted Martha nightly since that fatal day. 
Of course, she had been called a “hero” when she came home. Headlines had praised her heroism and detailed how she had taken a difficult decision to save the lives of her colleagues. But that was not how Martha had remembered it. And in the end, the papers and the public didn’t remember either. There was a stark contrast between the hero’s welcome she had received on her return from duty all those years ago and the looks of disgust and loathing she had come to receive from members of the public. 
The piece, now Kathy recalled, had been called “Martha’s story: from heroism to homelessness”. It had contained a brief mention of other ways in which the cuts could affect those more vulnerable in society, but the main bulk- as the headline suggests- was about Martha’s tragic case.
Kathy thought of Martha now, lying next to that tree. For all intents and purposes, she was now homeless. She tried to remember something, anything, that Martha may have said in that interview which could help her survive now.
Her thoughts were interrupted presently by a sound. Her ears grew alert and her eyes snapped open. In her hours lying by the tree, she had grown used to the sounds of the park: the children playing, the birds tweeting, the dogs barking. Those had been background sounds, however. Lying so close to the grass, her ears had gradually become attuned to the noise of the insect world. She had gradually become fascinated by the busying about of the ants and the spiders. Especially lately, now that the sky was growing dark and the people were going home, she had become ever more aware of the miniature world around her. Yet a new sound had arrived: a loud, hard sound, close by- not more that a metre away. 
It startled her. She opened her eyes to see a boot. It was leather and dazzling, as if the owner’s chief hobby was to spend all day, every day polishing it to perfection. Someone had once told Kathy that you can tell a lot about a man from his shoes- without looking at anything else, she could guess that the man before her was a professional of some kind who took his work seriously.
Her eyes moved further up the stranger. It must be said at this point that, having been so stationary for so long, she had almost forgotten how to stand up or sit up- at any rate, her body was stiff and achy. It didn’t even occur to her at this point to move anything but her eyes, perhaps as some sort of animal instinct along the lines of playing dead in the face of danger.
The stranger wore trim, black trousers with a pinstripe pattern on them. His legs seemed too thin for his trousers- she could see them in the gap between where his socks ended and his legging began. Kathy reasoned that the stranger must be a tall fellow, for his trousers were probably the right length but far too wide.
She presently noticed a stick by his side. It was a walking stick, but more like a fashionable cane than one used by the elderly or infirm to move around. It was an ornate cane of golden colour which glimmered in the dying sunlight. 
By this point, Kathy had made up her mind not to fear her curious visitor. She reasoned he was probably a city worker on his way home, who had chanced upon an unfortunate creature such as herself and wanted to be of assistance.
She looked up at his torso to see what she expected: white shirt, black jacket, crisp bow tie and bowler hat.
His look was quite eccentric, to be honest, as if he had just arrived from the 1950s. Certainly it was the first bowler hat Kathy had ever seen in London.
And yet, despite this quintessentially English dress, the man did not look like the typical Englishman his clothes would suggest- rather, his face was reminiscent of Harrison Ford or some other American action hero: his rugged skin seemed to be evidence of a life of exploration and adventure rather than office drudgery and accounts or banking.
Kathy had still not moved. She was eyeing up her visitor in a tired manner. It is true that the most tiring thing you can do is nothing; and, given that Kathy had done precisely that since fleeing her flat, she was exhausted.
She waited for her visitor to start the conversation. She was expecting him to inquire about whether she was ok, or to offer her assistance.
Instead, he remained absolutely silent. After about a minute of examining her with a look of fresh-faced curiosity, he promptly jumped in the air and landed smoothly in a seated position against the tree next to Kathy.
His movement astonished her. It was fluid and seamless, as if his office-worker uniform was merely a costume and his actual occupation was something athletic, like a dancer, long-distance jumper or actor. His face was presently obscured from Kathy’s view by his bowler hat. When he lifted his head, she could see that he was smiling weirdly at her; though it must be noted that this was not the creepy smile of someone to be avoided, but the friendly smile of an eccentric gentleman. Despite the oddity of the situation, Kathy felt utterly at ease with the situation. In fact, the stranger amused her slightly and provided a welcome distraction to the tumultuous events of the day.  Her recent life had been anything but normal; it was nice, for a change, to have something nice-weird happening.
The stranger remained completely silent: yet it was not an awkward silence. Kathy met his gaze- for he was looking straight at her- and there seemed to be a sprightly spirit inside him, as if he had retained all the innocence of childhood and been unpolluted by the natural cynicism of adult life. She found herself smiling along with him, and then, almost simultaneously with him, she found herself starting to smirk; then to chuckle; then to giggle, and finally to bellow with laughter. The picture was indeed a strange one: two people, in the twilight of the day, sitting beside a tree helpless with laughter, despite having met only minutes before and despite knowing nothing of one another. 
The jollity lasted for at least ten minutes. As one of them began to calm down, the other would invoke a new fit of giggles in the first, and vice versa. When finally they calmed down, Kathy was in much better spirits and had almost forgotten the events of the day.
“What’s your name?” she asked him in a friendly manner.
The stranger suddenly looked shocked, as if he had forgotten something. His face contorted in a thoughtful expression as he seemed to be searching within his head for a piece of information long forgotten. After a minute, his expression returned to the jovial one it had been earlier and he shrugged his shoulders in a nonchalant way. His manner was entirely comical, whether or not he had intended that effect, and it sparked off a new fit of giggles which incapacitated the two of them for another ten minutes.
They eventually calmed down, and resumed sitting there in silence. Kathy began to notice little things about this man: his mannerisms almost perfectly matched her own. He was identical to her in the way he would clasp his hands together when relaxed as if meditating or praying; in the way he occasionally rubbed his head against the tree for comfort; in the way he kept glancing at his shoes with interest for brief moments. Each of these habits were peculiar to Kathy, and yet this stranger was mimicking her exactly. He was not exactly copying her, in the manner that children will repeat and imitate their peers in order to annoy them; rather, he was reacting naturally to stimuli in exactly the same way that Kathy would have done. Kathy found this bizarre, but said nothing; instead of making her feel uncomfortable, it somehow served to reassure her and make her feel even more secure in the presence of the stranger.
They sat in this manner for several minutes. Kathy began to lose interest in the stranger and ceased staring at him so intently; he became a mere comforting presence, who did not need to do anything other than be there in order to somehow reassure her that everything was going to be alright. The events of the day once more resurfaced in Kathy’s mind and, after the welcome respite of the stranger and his laughter, she felt more able to deal with them rationally. She now had a philosophical attitude towards her predicament, as if looking at herself as an objective observer, outside herself.
She had once had a friend back in her university days called Jasmine. It was a sad fact that they had lost touch since- while Kathy had gone on to pursue her high-powered career in national journalism, Jasmine had joined a commune in India which, due to the peculiarities of their sect, forbade any technology within the community (and thus communication via phone or internet was impossible)- but she had fond memories of the times spent with her. They had often helped each other with revision during exam time, and through this process each of them had picked up elements of the other’s course by osmosis. Jasmine had been a student of psychology: Kathy suddenly remembered one of their revision sessions where Jasmine had been stressing over her memory module. The exam had been only a few days away, and Jasmine had still been feeling completely underprepared. She had asked Kathy to test her on what she knew, and Kathy had been fascinated that memory was not what it seemed; if you knew how, it was worryingly easy to manipulate. Hypnosis, for example, often distorted or created old memories rather than tapping into hidden ones, as hypnotists often claim. The memory of this session had floated back into Kathy’s consciousness, and she began to wonder whether she was the victim of false memories. She had heard that many people’s memories of childhood were pure fabrications; that, when the adult discussed it with parents of siblings, the latter would correct the memory by reporting that the incident, recollected with complete clarity by the grown-up, had merely been something she had seen on TV at the age of five, or something her brother had done instead. This was plausible for little incidents, such as a day playing in the park, or a painting a child had done- but surely the mind could not fabricate an entire life- a home, friends, acquaintances- out of nothing?
Kathy had by now been staring into space for some time, and as she reminisced and thought her expression had become increasingly concerned: her forehead had contorted into thoughtful wrinkles, and her eyes betrayed a sullen heart. The stranger, who had also become engrossed in his own thoughts and who had seemed perfectly content to sit beside the tree mimicking Kathy’s quirks exactly, was now staring attentively at his companion. She noticed, and was quickly drawn out of her world of thought. A solitary tear had appeared from her eye: evidence of the heartache of a mind trying to fathom whether her identity was fiction or fact. The stranger had been a comfort beforehand, but now his stare was penetrating and deep. It felt as if he were peering into the depths of her soul and understanding every thought and emotion going through her head. It unnerved her. She backed away slightly, unsure of what to say or do. In the end, the moment fell to him:
“It is real. It is all real,” he said suddenly. His hand reached out to touch her shoulder; she flinched. “It’s okay. I understand. I know everything that has happened to you today, and yesterday, and in the past few weeks…” 
The stranger glanced around nervously. This was a shocking change from his previous comic eccentricity. His voice, which had a thick texture like good wine, took on a tone of urgency. Kathy was surprised at his voice: it was not at all the typical posh city worker accent she had been expecting. Even more surprising was the expression which now occupied his face, for he seemed to be as surprised by his own voice as she was; moreover, his ‘surprised’ expression was the absolute mirror of Kathy’s ‘surprised expression’, right down to the subtleties of the muscle movements and the extent to which the eyebrows had risen. It was as if Katy was looking at her own face on another person’s head. This exact mimicking, which had once comforted her and made her feel at ease, was now seriously unnerving to her so that she wanted sincerely to run away from this man- but something stopped her. It was as if she was frozen to the spot, but not by fear: it was a strange mix of feelings which held her there, chief of which was curiosity, but which was followed closely by something she had never felt before for which she had no name. It was like apprehension, but different enough that the word “apprehension” could not encapsulate its true expression. Whatever it was, she felt intrigued by this man who seemed to understand her so well- and at the same time this very same fact was beginning to scare her.
“…and I can’t tell you how I know. You’ll have to trust me, and I know that’s difficult coming from a stranger who is only just now speaking to you for the first time, but this is important.”
He glanced around once more, and started at the sight of two men in suits. They glanced back at him with an air of indifferent curiosity before continuing through the park. Apparently satisfied- for the moment- that they were safe, the man continued.
“I don’t know how long I have left. They could be monitoring our - sorry, my - every move.” His slip of the tongue provoked a nervous smile from him which was difficult to read, even though this was a man who seemed to act and speak with exactly the same mannerisms as Kathy.
He glanced around again. The two suited figures were once more the subject of his attentions. One was talking on his mobile phone, while the other was standing beside him nonchalantly. To Kathy, they seemed completely innocent; yet the stranger was made nervous by their presence.
“Go to Oxford Street. Find 16 Oxford Street, and be there at precisely thirteen minutes past nine tonight. It is vitally important.”
The stranger bit his lip, as if contemplating. He seemed more wary with every word he said, like a child who is nervous about breaking the rules.
“Actually, I…. I don’t know if that’s…”
At this point he became distracted again by the suited figures. The first figure remained on the phone; the second was now looking their way. The stranger became at the same time more nervous and yet more resolved, and turned back to Kathy. A new, authoritative look had entered his eyes: it was difficult to look into them, and yet difficult to look away. He had the appearance of a martyr.
“No, go. You must. We- sorry, you- have no choice.”
His eyes darted towards the two suits again. The second figure was now on the phone. Though he was far away, it was clear that his conversation was urgent and serious. 
“We can’t avoid it, anyway…” muttered the stranger under his breath, thinking aloud and forgetting he had an audience. Kathy was puzzled by this behaviour; yet it was momentary. He met Kathy’s gaze once more and declared, “Sixteen Oxford Street, 9:13 p.m. Go.”
He looked away briefly. When he looked back, tears were visible in his eyes and his face was quivering with the apparent effort of holding back emotion. He formed his mouth into a sad smile and gazed at Kathy with a look so full of longing and loss that she felt compelled to reach out to this poor individual.
“Well, goodbye…” he said, before falling into a string of incoherent mutterings: “I’ll miss… no, you wouldn’t… if only…”
Then, with a final, deep sigh, as if gasping for his last breath of fresh air on this Earth, his head drooped and he gazed at the ground.
Kathy was worried: was he ill? Or dead? Yet when she moved to grab him, he slowly raised his head; the emotion of the previous second had vanished and been replaced by his normal eccentric happiness. Although his episode seemed to have ended, a trance-like state was present in his expression as if he were no longer aware of what was happening in the world.
“What’s your name?” asked Kathy with concerned sympathy.
The stranger glanced at her as if he had forgotten she was there. “I… I don’t know,” he said, and shrugged his shoulders gaily. He began laughing once more, but this time Kathy didn’t join in.
She glanced over at the suited figures and saw that the first had finished talking on the phone. The second gave him a subtle nod, and the first took out a small handheld device from his pocket. The stranger was looking at the scene, too; although he seemed to be in some sort of mindless trance, where the whole event- which had worried him mere moments before- struck him as hilarious. It was as if he had overdosed on laughing gas. 
Kathy was staring intently at the two men. The first slammed his finger onto the device resolutely, and Kathy heard a shuffling beside her. She glanced around to see that the stranger was now standing up, looking down at her- although he seemed an entirely different person. The mannerisms and speech he had copied from Kathy were gone now: he was once more his own man, and one who seemingly neither remembered nor cared for Kathy. The previous eccentric was now gazing down at her with a look of patronising, pitiful judgement.
After a rude grunt, the stranger departed. Yet he left behind an impression on our young heroine, and an instruction: go to 16 Oxford Street at precisely 9:13 p.m.



Chapter 7
Present day
It is necessary at this point in our story to take a temporary deviation from the narrative trail and jump forward by three weeks. The reasons for this will become apparent in due course, although not immediately- perhaps not even until the very end of this book. Yet trust me when I say that the events of chapter seven are vital to understand the event that took place at 9:13 p.m. at 16 Oxford Street in London, England, which will be covered in chapter 8.
It is unusual for the narrator to interrupt a story in the fashion I am employing now, but I feel I owe you an explanation. This story, so far, makes little sense. It is surreal and meandering. Rest assured that, by the time you finish reading, all will have been explained and you will be left gasping with sudden understanding. It will not be easy, mind you- this story is not for the weak minded. It requires a dexterity of thought and a mental depth in order to comprehend the twists that will occur in logic and temporality. There may be times when you need to close this book and think about what has just happened merely to understand it. If this is not the story you seek, then read no further- although the fact that you have reached this page and this explanation is enough to tell me that you will read on.
Our deviation takes us to a dining room on the third floor of an office block in central London. Our two protagonists are two doctors, who share a close professional but antagonistic relationship with each other. It is much like the great academic rivalries one sometimes finds, where two great minds have mutual respect for each other yet simultaneously deride each other’s work and constantly find flaws in it. However, the rivalry here is less academic and more ethical: what this means will become clear soon. 
Although the building is an office block on the outside, its interior is used exclusively for scientific research. The lower floors are dedicated to more mundane research such as the development of car parts and microchips, but the upper floors are reserved for research into the field of human consciousness. On each of these floors are several laboratories and “surgeries”, where patients are laid down on a bed and fitted to brain scanners. On the fifth floor special research is carried out- but more about this later. It is about this special research that our two doctors are discussing.
We join the scene where our first protagonist, Doctor Jones, is already sitting down for his lunch. He is busily tucking into a bacon sandwich when our second character, Doctor Curtis, joins him.
“May I join you?” he asks politely.
Doctor Jones glances up from his bacon sandwich with a cold stare. “If you like,” he answers curtly, before returning to his food. 
Doctor Curtis seems unaffected by his friend’s animosity and sits himself down comfortably. Today the tension between them is more apparent than normal. It has been this way for just over two weeks now: Jones, who was once dedicated to his work and enthusiastic about this company, has grown sullen and withdrawn. Curtis has noticed this but as yet has found no explanation. His friend’s new state annoys him.
Doctor Curtis, it is noted, does not have any food with him: he has come merely to speak with Doctor Jones. His manner is relaxed and business-like. It is almost too relaxed, as if he does not take his work seriously, despite the implications a mistake may have for one of his patients. Despite his relaxed demeanour, a cold edge runs beneath the surface: he is capable of purely rational decisions in the most emotional of situations, which sometimes leads him to committing acts which Doctor Jones would now deem “inhuman”.
Doctor Jones does not share Curtis’ cold rationalism. Jones has often been compared to an excited schoolboy in his approach to his work, an attitude which had led him to put all his effort and enthusiasm into his job. Such an attitude is why Doctor Jones is head of the Cortical department and the inventor of much of the technology they use. Yet recently his concern for this company has transferred onto his patients; he has become much more the sentimental type. He now gets close to his patients, and can get so caught up in their lives that he stops focussing on his work altogether. By this I mean that, for him, the patient now comes first, even if such an approach conflicts with the job at hand. And in a place such as this, conflict often arises.
It would be practically pointless to describe the appearance of the two men: I shall leave that down to your imagination, save a few specific details. Both men are similar height, similar age (49 going on 50), identical clothes (white lab coats with the company insignia emblazoned on the left lapel). Doctor Jones has a fairly podgy face and balding brown hair. Doctor Curtis has a more chiselled jaw-line and is blessed, even in middle age, with a full head of short auburn hair and handsome stubble.
“How is our patient doing?” asks Doctor Curtis. It is important, at this interval, to note that both men are sharing the responsibility for one patient. While one would normally be by his bedside, the presence of a nurse in his private room allows for the two men to briefly meet, which is a rarity. Moreover, Doctor Jones was the last to administer to the patient; in fact, it has been a few days since Doctor Curtis was available to visit the patient, as he has just returned from a weekend by the coast with his wife. This is why Doctor Curtis has to enquire of the patient’s status from his peer.
“Stable,” replies Doctor Jones curtly. “Just the same as you left him.” As he speaks, Jones refuses even to lift his head to look at his interrogator. He seems more interested in his meal and merely bothered by company.
“Any developments since I’ve been away?” forwards Curtis, trying to glean a little more information out of his interviewee.
“Nope. Just the same,” replies Jones.
Curtis seems at a loss now to know what to say, and the pair fall into an uneasy silence. Jones seems perfectly unaffected by it, but Curtis appears slightly cross. He had been hoping for a more detailed report.
Jones is nearing the end of his sandwich. He glances up and is only now aware of his colleague’s mood.
“I mean, the cortical field readings spiked once or twice, but that’s it. He’s sleeping soundly.”
Curtis sneers. “Sleeping. Anybody would think you had no understanding at all of the technology involved.”
Jones sits up straight. Until now, he has been slouching over his food, almost leaving no gap between the plate and his mouth. Now, though, he is staring straight at Curtis.
“Of course I understand it. I invented it.”
He knows there was no point in replying to this personal sleight. Both men know that Jones was the original inventor of the concept and the machine; the insult comes from malice, not ignorance. As an insult, it is fairly weak, yet it bothers Jones greatly. Despite his few words, his glare says more to Curtis than words ever could: he knows his colleague is offended. Jones’ bitterness does not stem from intellectual pride- there are deeper causes at work here. 
“You seem very reluctant to put it into practice these days.”
Jones merely grunts and returns to his food.  A further, shorter, silence follows while Jones finishes his sandwich and pushed his plate aside.
“You don’t believe in what we’re doing anymore, do you?” asks Curtis. The question comes out in the form of an accusation, which is quite appropriate really: due to the confidential nature of the work undertaken at this facility, security is tight- to the extent that the basement has recently become the firm’s own private prison and is home to those who dissent against the regime and dare to openly criticise it. If the public knew about what truly happened on the fifth floor, there would be an outcry.
Jones hesitates, unsure how to reply. After a moment’s consideration he says, “Of course I do.” His words illustrate loyalty, but his tone indicates rebellion; the contortion of his face illustrates his actual disgust at the very same time as his words tell a bare-faced lie.
“We’re doing it for the greater good,” opines Curtis. Jones is uninterested and is studying his plate, despite the lack of food. Despite this, Curtis carries on regardless. “Remember what you told me just a month ago? This technology could revolutionise the world!”
“And,” Curtis leans forward and puts his hand on Jones’ shoulder, “think of the power we will have over the whole of mankind!”
Jones winces at the touch of Curtis’ hand. He feels sick, for he had indeed said those things. In fact, he was the one who put such ideas into Curtis’ head, and the guilt sits in his stomach like a kidney stone. Yet now he has been washed clean of those selfish desires and simply wants to put an end to his abominable research. He wants to pull his rival down from his pompous high horse and show him some human feeling. He wants to point out the value of human life, and that it cannot be shunted around like a commodity. Man is not God, and nor should he be.
He wants to say all this, but holds his tongue. He remembers his position: if his employer pays so little regard to the dignity of its patients and the liberties of its employees, what is preventing Jones from being thrown in the cellar with the other dissenters? Curtis is cold and rational: he has no understanding of human feeling or loyalty. One indication of dissent, and the next thing he feels may be the burly arms of two security men dragging him down the stairs. Just one indication is enough… no, Jones wouldn’t give Curtis the satisfaction.
So he smiles. He cannot bring himself to pledge his overt support to something he finds so abhorrent; so he merely smiles, and hopes this is enough to prevent him being reported to the boss.
“I’m going to go and see to the patient now. It was nice talking to you,” says Curtis abruptly. He makes to get up from the table.
“I’ll come too,” says Jones, equally as abruptly- perhaps too readily. Jones fears arousing the suspicions of Curtis- but what does it matter now? What’s done is done and cannot be undone; what’s more, it will undoubtedly be discovered sooner or later. Better to face the music with courage than to flee in fear.
“Okay,” says Curtis, and begins walking in wide strides out of the canteen and towards the lift. Jones follows. They enter the lift and press the button for the fifth floor, which they reach in a matter of seconds.
As the door opens, the nurse rushes in. She is flustered by something and appears unperturbed by the presence of two of her superiors in the lift with her. Curtis looks at her as if to accuse her of leaving her post by the patient’s side; the nurse looks back with hostility. The moment lasts but briefly, before the two doctors are forced to leave the lift and the nurse disappears out of sight as she heads down.
They enter a corridor stretching to the left and right further than the eye can see. Before them are many doors, through which one could find the many patients present on the fifth floor. The pair turn left and head purposefully towards the door of room fifteen.
In room fifteen, they find the patient wired up to a machine. At first impression he looks in a bad way: unshaven, unconscious, restrained, emaciated, and with a strange purple scar on his right arm. The patient has the countenance of a man who had once been strong and muscular, but who has withered away through neglect and starvation. He is lying upon a hospital bed with wires running into his head, with electrodes connected to various parts of his brain. Various drips penetrate his skin through holes in his surgical vest. The patient is completely unaware of his position, or even his identity, in this state: one would be forgiven for thinking he was comatose. In a way, this is true: only if he is, it is a deliberately induced coma, and really his state of consciousness is only described rather crudely by the word ‘comatose’: the reality is far more complicated.
The wires leading from his head appear to connect to a complex machine to the patient’s left. The machine itself is nothing special to look at: to a layman, and even to a professional, the graphs and buttons and lines and beeps would be difficult to comprehend. However, this machine is merely an enabler. By this I mean that it merely enables operators to bring up a more user-friendly interface on the wall behind the patient’s head. It is like an interactive whiteboard, but the technology is slightly more advanced. When Doctor Curtis steps forward and utters the word “On!” in a loud and confident manner, the machine registers the command with voice recognition software and the ordinary piece of beige wall becomes a virtual projection of the man’s mind:  it is suddenly possible to see an image of the patient’s most recent brain scan; a live graph showing the brain waves active in his head; a spreadsheet full of complex numbers and algebraic expressions, which is updating itself continually. The wall itself becomes a computer; and, what is more remarkable, it is a computer which has power over the patient’s brain. One touch, and Doctor Curtis could bring up his records from a day, week or month before; he could increase or decrease the supply of food and drink and drugs provided by his drips, or the voltage being applied to his neurological cortex at any given moment. It is truly a fearsome device, dangerous in the hands of one who is ignorant or evil: yet neither of these statements are true of Curtis. As will become apparent, his motives are not purely for the benefit of the patient. However, his own personal interest- the fear of the basement, found in every employee here- will ensure that he works to the best of his ability for the fulfilment of the task. And, luckily for the patient, the current task requires that the patient be looked after well.
The wall is now a constantly changing and updating interactive image, with new information and processes appearing every second. To you or I or the untrained observer, the content of this wall would be utterly incomprehensible. Even to the best qualified candidates, the Wall is a challenge. Most employees here specialise in a certain function of the Wall and leave the other functions to other specialists. For example, Doctor Curtis here is a neuroscientist specialising in the interpretation and classification of brainwaves. Presently the window displaying the patient’s brainwaves are in the bottom left hand corner of the Wall, and it is with this data that Curtis is beginning to work. The rest of the Wall, full of detailed images of various parts of the brain, cell diagrams and patient history, are of no interest to him; if a problem were to occur in those areas, Curtis would be qualified enough to recognise the crisis, but would be required to call for specialised help before acting. 
Thus the current scene is as follows: we have the as yet unnamed patient lying comatose in the hospital bed; we have Doctor Curtis, manipulating data on brainwaves in the corner of the room; and finally we have Doctor Jones, standing idly in the doorway and acting uninterested in- or disgusted by- the whole process.
Presently Doctor Curtis is startled. At first, his usually cool brow furrows in concentration; then, his eyes glaze over with a steely glare as he reaches a conclusion; finally, he turns squarely on his heel and glares Doctor Jones down.
“He’s aware,” he says simply. His words are brief, but his rage is clear: burning deep down below the surface, like the deadliest volcano, invisible until it bursts, and then impossible to evade. 
Doctor Jones smiles. It is a fascinating expression: a fatigued yet victorious curving of his lips, as if one had just completed a difficult, dangerous task which exhausted all of one’s energy and was happy just to have come to its end. 
“Is he?” he queries simply. Both Doctors know he is; moreover, both Doctors know that Doctor Jones is responsible for this error. Clearly while Curtis was away, Jones’ discomfort with the procedure led him to make unauthorised alterations to it. Nevertheless, Jones knows the consequences: the basement. If, and it was a big if, he could feign ignorance convincingly enough, he might escape this fate and get away with his brilliant victory. He could, as it were, have his cake and eat it.
Doctor Curtis rounds on his colleague. “It is,” he replies. “And you know it is. Because you made him aware. You messed about with his cortical field. You reprogrammed it.”
Doctor Jones considers his options. For the moment, escape is not an option (however attractive an option it would be, were it practical: for if Doctor Curtis’ suspicions are believed by the executive directors, the basement is inevitable); he therefore chooses to be brave, remain present and remain silent. At least that way he cannot incriminate himself further in the mind of his colleague.
His colleague, though, is already convinced of Jones’ guilt. He turns away, uninterested in further conversation, and presses his finger against a central point on the Wall. This brings up a large image of a man pacing up and down on a pavement. He is outside an office block in London, apparently worried and mumbling to himself. He wears a suit which looks like it was once at the height of style and fashion but has since become tattered and worn through overuse and lack of care, and a trilby adorns his head. The whole appearance is reminiscent of attire from the 1920s. The reader would recognise the man in the image as Thomas, our missing hero and the subject of our heroine’s search. He is, however, acting out of sorts: the two Doctors are not perturbed by this, but were you or I or any of Thomas’ friends in the room, something would seem very wrong. Although the man in the image is clearly Thomas, his actions, mannerisms and voice seem to have taken on an individual personality of their own. In short, he seems a different man.
This is, however, not in the considerations of our Doctors here. They have far more pressing concerns to do with the procedure at hand, the restrained patient in the room and the perceived failure of the machine- or of the machine’s operative. By this point Doctor Jones is struggling to conceal his worry. If he were in the position of Doctor Curtis, he knows what his conclusions would be, what his next move would be…
…and he is proven right. On seeing the image before him, Doctor Curtis swings round on his heel to glare once more at Doctor Jones. 
“This image is live, and yet it is also old. This is happening now, but it happened three weeks ago too. I could bring up CCTV footage from three weeks ago, from Oxford Street, which would show exactly the same thing.”
Doctor Curtis begins walking slowly, ominously, towards his colleague.
“Do you remember what happened two weeks ago?” he asks. His voice, although remaining calm on the surface, is beginning to struggle to conceal the raging storm in the deep. “The intruders, the scandal- and you did this? You’re the one who made him remember on that night in November?”
He swings around again to look at the image, before turning back to his colleague. Thomas is still pacing. He occasionally stops, as if having come to a revelation or entered a deeper level of thought.
“And you did this?” asks Curtis. His voice is not raised. His voice is never raised. Yet he speaks with the kind of voice one fears to hear. Silent rage is often the most terrifying. If someone shouts and swears, insults and accuses, it is obvious and easy to deal with: silent, cold rage, which does not manifest itself in sound but which is clear in tone, is the mark of a secretive man; a man with absolute control over himself, but who is equally on the edge of losing that control. With such a man, one knows not to make him angry, because one knows that his anger will not merely result in noise and tears, but in action: devastating, terrible action. Jones knows now that the basement is inevitable for him. Jones knows that Curtis’ anger has a tiny bark, but a lethal bite.
Presently the Thomas on screen stops walking and looks towards the bottom-right corner. His visage looks puzzled; we see our heroine, Kathy, running on screen and embracing her old friend passionately. He, for his part, looks shocked- he attempts to push her away. Kathy looks confused, offended, scared even; words are exchanged. Quickly Kathy’s confusion and fear grow as Thomas embarks upon a lengthy explanation of something.
Curtis is still glaring at Jones with hatred, but Jones can see the video. The basement is inevitable now, but if he can distract Curtis for long enough, allow Thomas the time to explain, to bring about the inevitable events of two weeks ago…
Curtis, however, catches the change of focus in Jones’ eyes. He turns slowly on the spot and instantly understands what he sees. The screen now displays footage of Thomas rummaging around in his pockets, searching for something apparently important. Wordlessly, purposely, Curtis walks towards the machine in the corner and twists a switch.
The image disappears. In fact, the screen disappears: where once was interactive computer is now, once more, a simple beige wall. The patient begins to twitch; soon he will be awake; shortly afterwards, he will have recovered his senses sufficiently to be fully aware of his situation and identity. The damage has been stopped- yet a look of understanding passes between the two Doctors. The footage had been live, in a sense- but it had also been taken three weeks before. Ending it there could not prevent the events of that week, which had begun on at 9:13 p.m. at 16 Oxford Street and which had ended two weeks before. Now, the company was still afloat, just about. No permanent damage had been done. Indeed, the whole affair had ended comparatively well for the company: no witnesses, no survivors… well, in a complex sense at least. The protagonists were all still alive, technically. They were merely now no longer themselves. This will make more sense as the story progresses.
Nevertheless, the two men understand completely the effect of all this. The events in that room had been the necessary cause of the embarrassment of the past month; yet in the immediate sense, they had also been merely reportage, a conclusion to the investigation of how they had occurred. Temporal causality… when your business is to use science to mess with the mind and time, sometimes the cause occurs after the effect.
Curtis approaches his colleague and pats him on the shoulder, with the respect one would show a worthy adversary. Their eyes meet, briefly, just for one second- then they part just as instantly. An intense hatred, akin to betrayal, is present in Curtis’ eyes. It is said that the eyes are windows to the soul- there is truth in this. Even the hardest of people, with mastery over their tone of voice, their choice of words, their body language, find it impossible to conceal their true emotions in their eyes. It may seem perverse, but Curtis and Jones had once been close friends until a major professional disagreement- a disagreement, in fact, closely connected with the events of this story. Jones used to be one of the chief proponents of his invention. He used to work passionately for the development of his ideas, thinking nothing of the impact it had on his patients. Yet something about the man in the bed before both him and Curtis had changed his mind, forced him to confront doubts until then hidden deep in his unconscious and led him, inadvertently, to be the very cause of his own change in personality. Since this change, Jones sees Curtis as an unthinking, immoral, heartless human being for continuing to support the company; Curtis, on the other hand, had begun to view Jones as a traitor. The raw wound of a broken relationship is still sore for both of them- but neither man can bridge the gap now.  
Curtis reaches out to an intercom device on the wall and says simply “Security to room 15, floor five, please”.
Jones’ shoulders sink. His doom is inevitable.
Curtis begins to pace around the room once more. Jones watches, attentively. Presently Curtis walks coolly to the door and closes it.
“Security will be here to take you away soon. But before they arrive, I want to know why you did it.”
Jones simply stands there like a statue in stony-faced silence. 
“You’ve been acting strangely ever since the incident. I could sense you had begun to get cold feet about this whole enterprise. But I never thought you’d go this far.”
Curtis is standing in the corner of the room, arms folded. His face is unreadable and he speaks in monotone; his anger is spent.
Jones relaxes somewhat. After all, his fate is sealed; he cannot escape or prevent it. He approaches the patient and looks down at him. The man’s eyes are beginning to twitch and he is showing the beginnings of consciousness. Within a minute or so, he’ll be struggling against his restraints and screaming bloody murder until he is untied and freed. The image of this struggling victim fills Jones’ mind and he is sure of what he has done- the right thing. He tried to do good. Yet the inevitability of this man’s fate, the infinite loop in which he is trapped… it saddens him. 
The crushing failure of it all suddenly envelopes his head as he realises he has not done good at all. Was it “the right thing”? Well, isn’t that grand! Or was it simply a twist of fate, this one cog’s role in the infinite turning of the machine of time? After all, viewed objectively, Jones had no choice in the matter- what he did now was merely the necessary precondition to a botched investigation which had already concluded. He had set this man’s mind free in the full knowledge that this would not lead to any great success, but would lead to him being tormented by the truth of his existence and, ultimately, arriving at Jones’ office in a stolen body watching his own capture. He would then be awoken, shown once more the reality of the torturous device to which he was hooked up, and the process would begin once more: an infinite loop of hidden identity and stolen souls.   
“Ruth,” Jones says with a weak, sad smile. “I did it for Ruth.”
Curtis looks at Jones with puzzled expression; then, his face softens. Jones notices the strange occurrence of compassion appearing on his colleague’s face.
“Oh, Earnest,” says Curtis. “What happened?”
“I haven’t seen her for over two months now. I thought… I thought she had left me for another man,” he says, just managing to keep a stiff upper lip. His face is contorted in a painful expression. “But then I found out the truth. She had been faithful to me. She was always faithful to me. And she was better than me, too, for she could see the horror of what we were doing. She started plotting against us, trying to bring us down, to stop us from doing inhuman things to our… victims. And for that- well, she was sent to the basement. Nobody told me until after they had executed her.”
“I’m so sorry,” says Curtis. He looks as if he is about to shed his cool exterior and go in for a hug.
“She was a good person,” continues Jones. “A beautiful, kind, brilliant person. It took her death to make me see what a monster I have become.”
Jones walks over to the man in the bed in the centre of the room and points at him passionately.
“This man,” begins Jones, “had an identity. He had a job. He had a wife.”
When Jones changes subject to talk about their patient, Curtis’ moment of compassion ends and his exterior returns to its previous cold, professional manner.  Jones is appalled at how heartless he is.
“Sure, he didn’t have the best life in the world. Not the most interesting. He had seen his dreams go unfulfilled, his heart broken and his ambitions disappointed,” Jones continues. “But it’s a life! It’s his life! And what right to we have to take it from him?”
“He is not dead,” points out Curtis glibly.
“He may as well be!” opines Jones passionately. “What has he left? Yes, he has life- but not his life. This machine, this accursed machine”- here Jones kicks it- “had been used to rob a soul of his body and a body of its soul. What is a man without his memories? Yes, he lives- his heart beats, his brain is active, his blood pumps- but does he live? We have taken from him his very identity and given it to another man. From the moment we put him into this infernal machine, this man has ceased to live and has taken on the identity of a stranger.”
Curtis shrugs, completely uninterested. For him this is just a job. Questions of morality and ethics do not enter into his reasoning. 
“Well, that’s what you think,” shrugs Curtis nonchalantly. “But it doesn’t matter. You can’t change anything. You’re going where he was, soon, anyway.”
Jones sits himself down on a chair and puts his head in his hands.
“How can you be so… unfeeling?” he exclaims, exasperated.
“There’s no harm done,” explains Curtis. “I mean, what have we done? His disappointing existence ends as soon as we hook him up to this machine, and he finds himself in the middle of a fairly successful existence with a comfortable home, a flourishing career and a whole set of new memories to replace his old ones. He forgets his old name; he gains a new name, a new life, a new identity: new friends, family and interests. But is he aware of any of it? Why should he be? So none of it bothers him; for him, he is now his new identity, and for the world, Thomas is still Thomas.”
“And what happens to the original Thomas?” asks Jones coldly.
“Oh, let’s not get into the metaphysics of it all,” Curtis waves the subject away. “What do you mean by the “original”? For all intents and purposes, Thomas has not ended, or died, or been evicted from his own head and replaced by another. The person called Thomas retains his memories, experiences, interests, etc- everything that makes him “him”. For Thomas, and for the world, nothing has changed- Thomas remains Thomas.”
“If this is all true, then how do you explain what I did?”
Curtis face glazes over with cold rage. “You put us all in danger,” he says blankly. “You know what happened! You know what they do to people who compromise trade secrets! The basement- that’s where you’re going, and where I would have gone if I hadn’t handed you in.”
“You didn’t answer my question,” continues Jones darkly. “So I’m going to the basement- well, maybe I deserve it. I invented this damned machine, and I operated it unquestioningly for three years. I deserve my punishment for the evil I have done. But I asked: how do you explain what I did? You do understand what I did, don’t you?”
Jones walks over to the machine and turns the screen back on. He replays the footage from earlier, with Thomas outside the office block. This time, it is not live in any sense of the word: it is pure footage.
“You were right to say this was live,” he states. “When you played this, it was an exact showing of what our patient was doing. My machine put him inside the head of a man called Thomas. It replaced all of his original memories and personality with that of Thomas. Yet I realised the horror of my creation. And so I tweaked it.”
Jones moves to the left and is now standing beside the screen, looking at Curtis seriously.
“The machine works by manipulating the cortical field of the human mind. Some would call it the soul- or at least, the soul as explained by modern quantum physics. At any rate, my machine can move and manipulate the operation of the human soul, in layman’s terms. But you knew that.”
“So it moves our patient’s soul into the body of a man called Thomas- for no particular reason. He was just a poor, random, unfortunate. And yet the whole tragedy of the situation is that he is completely unaware of his misfortune. And we’re doing this exact same procedure, this inhuman, unnecessary and perverse experiment, in innumerable rooms throughout this building! You understand why I did it, don’t you? Even through your cold, hard, emotionless exterior, you must have some empathy to understand my actions.”
By this point, Jones has abandoned all inhibition. He allows his emotions, for once, to show, and lays into his colleague with no remorse. 
“So let’s return to my original question: how do you explain what I did? If Thomas was simply Thomas, then there is indeed no harm done. It does not matter who’s “soul” inhabits the brain, so long as it is Thomas’ brain- if this happens, then Thomas  is still alive, yes?”
Curtis is listening but refuses to dignify his colleague’s speech with a response. Jones continues regardless.
“But I tweaked the machine. I allowed his cortical field a certain degree of freedom, so that our patient would inhabit Thomas’ brain, but retain his own personality, mannerisms and memories. In effect, for the last three days- since you left for your holiday- he has been inhabiting Thomas’ mind fully aware of what was going on. In fact, he has been aware for quite some time.”
“So now we come to the full horror of the machine. It has taken a man’s soul and transplanted it into Thomas’ mind, yes… but what has happened to Thomas’ soul? Even if it is the case that whatever soul, whoever’s cortical field is inserted into the brain, the person’s behaviour will be the same, the soul manifesting that behaviour will not be. So we can conclude that Thomas’ soul has been displaced. Either there are now two separate people in one head, or we have effectively murdered a man by displacing his very mind from his very head and replacing it with one identical- a form of cloning, you could say, or the very worst kind of identity theft. In short, Doctor Curtis, whenever we plug a person into this machine, we do two crimes: firstly, we murder the person who our victim’s mind will come to inhabit; secondly, we steal the identity of our victim. That is why I did what I did, Doctor Curtis. To get word out. To let the world know what is happening here. While we all think our friend here”- at this point he pats the patient on the shoulder- “is fully integrated into a stranger’s mind, he is actually fully aware of what is happening. He may go and tell someone. A journalist, perhaps, or the police. The word may spread. People may find out what is happening, and a protest movement might begin. That would be the beginning of our end, and finally this monstrosity may come to an end.”
Curtis understands everything Jones is saying, but it is not news to him. They both understood the facts well enough before he had gone into his detailed exposition. Here, then, is the key difference between the two men: our repentant hero, Doctor Jones, is willing to sacrifice his career and liberty for what he now believes in; our villain, Doctor Curtis, is a cad who puts money and personal safety above all else.
Unsurprisingly enough, then, Jones’ speech fails to win him over. He has little time to react before two burly men burst into the room and silently remove Jones from the scene. 



Chapter 8
Three weeks ago
It was ten past nine on the same day that Kathy had met the stranger under the tree, and she was round the corner from Oxford Street. The events of the past day remained unexplained and she was nervous. Reality seemed to be conspiring against her: firstly by inexplicably rendering paintings able to talk, inexplicably changing the colours of walls, etc; then it had seemingly wiped all memory of her from the universe. Her landlord didn’t recognise her, and nor did anybody else. Thus she was understandably wary of following the instruction of an eccentric stranger, who, after all, may be part of the conspiracy to thwart her perception of reality. Or part of her ongoing nervous breakdown. By now she was unsure how to categorise her experiences- but this edict, to go to 16 Oxford Street at 9:13 p.m., seemed at least to be some sort of hope, even if it were merely a blind stab in the dark. 
It could be dangerous. The stranger had not furnished her with any more information than a specific time and a specific place; she did not know what to expect here- if anything. The stranger may simply have been a lone nut, an escapee from a local lunatic asylum. He did exhibit symptoms of multiple personality disorder, based on Kathy’s basic knowledge of pop psychology- the time and the place may simply have been the creations of a disordered mind. 
Nevertheless, Kathy had nothing else to do. The time, when she glanced at her watch, was now precisely 9:10 p.m. and she had no reason to believe that her landlord would suddenly regain recollection of her if she returned home. On her way here, she had passed a few people she recognised: neighbours, colleagues, acquaintances from school and university. She had attempted to greet them, but none of them seemed to have the slightest idea who she was. Whatever or whoever had stolen her identity had not yet returned it. Thus she was an outcast: an anonymous figure walking the streets with no home to go to and no friends to turn to. Her only companion now was an old woollen blanket she had found en route to keep away the biting cold of the evening.
Her route had been difficult. She had only ever driven to Oxford Street before. In her panic and confusion, she had forgotten her car and so had been forced to make the journey on foot. Some of the roads she would normally have driven along were not accessible for pedestrians: she therefore found herself lost several times. Matters were not made any easier by the fact that London contains many Oxford Streets, each of which had a number 16. The first one that Kathy had arrived at turned out to be a flat above a tool shop and opposite a sex shop. The second one had been the house of an elderly lady, who was utterly confused when Kathy knocked on her door and explained that she had been sent there. When she had further explained that she had been sent by a madman she had met under a tree in a park, the old lady had grown slightly frightened and closed the door in her face.
So she had spent the past two hours in utter confusion as to which “16 Oxford Street” to go to. Yet when she found an internet café and used google maps to find all the possible locations, the correct one seemed obvious: TGN, last seen at the time of Thomas’ disappearance, had its headquarters on Oxford Street. She had been there once before, but had been too worked up after the incident with Arnold to remember the street name. She was sure, instinctively, that all this had to be linked. At any rate, the fact that it might be linked was enough to spur her on. Her life and world and sense of reality may be fast unravelling, but if she could find Thomas, then that would be at least one good thing to come of today.
Thus she found herself here, at 9:11 p.m. on the corner of Oxford Street, poking her head round a corner like a furtive spy in a classic cartoon. This district was by no means deserted. On her way, she had walked through a party district full of pubs and night clubs which was but five minutes from her present location. While she was furtively gazing down Oxford Street, crowds of drunken revellers were passing by: mainly students from the local university. They largely paid no notice to her. She listened to their carefree banter as they discussed how wasted they were going to get and the varying levels of hotness of their fellow students. She allowed herself to be distracted for a moment and reminded herself of her university days.
Presently a crowd of seven or eight students were passing. They were clearly first years, and probably flatmates. The group comprised three girls and five boys. Their manner was lively and their chat was merry: two of the boys were hanging at the back of the group engaged in a deep discussion about something serious, like Marxism or history. These were clearly of the student revolutionary type. One of them was the epitome of a stereotypical student activist, wearing his beret and his goatee beard without the faintest hint of irony. His companion, who was dressed in a manner more appropriate for a night out, seemed much the novice when compared to his friend, who was clearly learned in the ways of socialism. The “novice” would put forward a point and seem proud to have understood what his friend was saying, only to be shot down by the other who would then remonstrate him for his lack of understanding. The pair were clearly engrossed in their discussion and considered the topic to be one of immense importance. It seemed a strange topic of conversation for two people on their way to a night of dancing and drunkenness, but Kathy could remember their type well from her student days: to her, they had seemed like self-important pompous types, always looking to lead the student wing of the workers’ revolution which never came. She had known several people of that type, one of whom was now in the higher echelons of the Labour party- although he had long since renounced his Marxist ways.
Five of the group were walking ahead of the pair of socialists, and this main bulk seemed much more in typical party gear. Several of them appeared quite drunk already, undoubtedly after a healthy “pre-lash” session. They were laughing and joking and talking animatedly about a friend of theirs called only “the dance lizard”- evidently a nickname they had for him- who they were probably going to meet when they arrived at their destination. Apparently, this “dance lizard” was something of a legend in their group of friends: from her eavesdropping, Kathy could gather that among his drunken exploits were the times when he had pulled a bouncer’s trousers down and ran away, or when he had “pulled three birds in one night”, or when he had gone missing only to be found inexplicably on the roof of the nightclub. Kathy sensed a great deal of affection for this “dance lizard” from the group passing by, but also a lack of respect: this character was merely a joke to them, an entertaining addition to a night out.
Lastly, behind the socialists and the revellers, was a solitary female figure. She was clearly part of the overall group, but also clearly somewhat a loner. She followed at a short distance- close enough to associate herself with them as her friends, but distanced enough to show her sense of isolation within the group. Her arms were folded and her face expressed a countenance of pain and rejection. She looked lonely. Kathy empathised with her immediately, all the more so because loneliness was something new for her and so it hit her all the more hard. Sure, Kathy had spent many periods of her life alone, but she had never felt such crushing loneliness as now. In those times, she had drawn comfort from the fact of friends and family. Now, they had most likely forgotten all knowledge of her. She was, for the first time ever, completely and utterly alone.
Part of her wanted to approach the sad, lonely girl and slap her round the face for being so ungrateful: she was with seven other people! She had friends! Even if she was on the outside of the group, she was at least in a group. She had no right to complain or to hang back behind everyone else, deliberately cutting herself off.
Yet another part of Kathy wanted to rush up to her and hug her, for she understood how the girl was feeling. Two lonely souls in a harsh world and a twisted, confusing reality… perhaps the pair of them could be a comfort to each other for one brief moment.
Kathy indulged her eavesdropping and her contemplation for a little too long; when she looked back at the street scene, the group she had been looking at was already far away down the street on their carefree way to a fun night out. The partiers would dance and drink; the socialists would sit down and discuss their issues to the taste of good beer; the lonely girl would, hopefully, find someone to enter her solitude. All in all, they would have a comparatively good night. They had no real issues to deal with. They were just playing, pretending, growing- getting ready for a life of real problems and real decisions…
…such as the like that Kathy had to deal with. She checked her watch. It was now 9:13 p.m. It was time.
In her distraction, she had forgotten to keep a watch of Oxford Street. As she gazed back down it, she saw that a man was now pacing up and down outside the very building she had been supposed to go to: 16 Oxford Street. 
Oxford Street was within the commercial district of London. The Headquarters for TGN were located on the corner. The street was predominantly made up of office blocks, and 16 Oxford Street was one such office block.  It was bland in appearance in every way. There were no distinguishing features at all, save for the letters “T-G-N” hanging in huge, red print outside the entrance. Apart from that, however, it was the kind of building that one could pass without a second glance, except to comment on how utterly banal it looked.
The building was not important, however. The man pacing in front of it was. He wore a battered suit and a trilby to disguise his face. Kathy reasoned that he was the reason that she had been summoned here. She pushed aside her nerves and stepped forward beyond the corner opposite TGN, where she had been waiting, onto Oxford Street itself.
It was a dark street. Given the time, nobody except the late owls keen for overtime would still have been working; for that reason, the only light available was the dim illumination of the street lamps, some of which were not working, and the light emanating from a smattering of windows in the blocks towering above. Luckily her target happened to be pacing about beneath one such lamp- otherwise she would not have been able to see him.
She stepped forth confidently down the road towards her target. The man did not notice her approach. He was too engrossed in his own thoughts, which seemed to be a great source of worry to him. He would stop periodically and ponder on something before continuing to pace as before.
When she was within five metres of him, he suddenly noticed her. Yet she was not important to him- he barely glanced at her before returning to his thoughts. Although the man did not heed Kathy at all, she gasped when she saw his face.
“Thomas?” she said, scarcely believing it was true.
Yet the man merely looked at her quizzically and returned to his pondering. Clearly he did not recognise her- but he was the spitting image of Thomas. There was no doubt about that. This was the face she had enjoyed many a laugh with. No, he was not merely the spitting image of Thomas- he was Thomas.
However, something was different in him. The most obvious point is that he did not recognise her, but there were other things too. He was walking differently- not that he was limping, or hopping, or anything as obvious as that. It was simply that his gait had changed, ever so slightly and ever so subtly, but enough to register. Every human being has a certain way of walking. When you know someone well enough, you can recognise the person simply by the sound of footsteps coming down the stairs: through familiarity, you are intimate with the strength of each footfall and the time gap between them. Perhaps this person puts more weight on his or her right or left foot. Of course, you don’t rationally think about these things, but it has become so instinctive that your brain instantly recognises it.
Thomas was not using his regular gait. Nor was he using the same posture. Before his disappearance, he had been known for his laid-back attitude. Of course he wanted to progress in his career, but he had also tried to avoid letting things get to him. His had been an attitude combining a strange mix of seriousness and relaxedness: he would get on with the job in a focused manner, yet would be relaxed about the result. If anything went wrong, it would not faze him. The Thomas before her, though, had an entirely different posture: he was fidgety and nervous. He kept sliding his hands into his pockets and fumbling around in them, searching for nothing in particular. It was merely a nervous twitch, which he was doing unconsciously. Had she inquired about it to him, he would have been unaware he was doing it.
His face, too, was different. It was like a mask being worn by someone else: everything was where it should be, in the same location and proportion, but something intangible was different: the emphasis of certain muscles, or the way he moved his mouth or his eyes. When a loved one dies, although the body is still there, something seems different about it: life seems to have left it. What Kathy saw now reminded her of this effect… except for her, it seemed as if a new life, with its own identity and personality- not Thomas- had entered into the body.
She did not have time to consider all of this, however. While it may have registered on some level with her unconscious mind, she was too overjoyed to have found her missing friend, who took on new significance as some kind of clutch onto reality to which she could hold. It had been many, many days since he had disappeared; since then, she had been the victim of a sexual assault and of a gross distortion of reality. It felt, for her, as if the clock had been turned back to a time when everything made sense- and she was not willing to let go of her straw of hope.
So she rushed forward and embraced Thomas. She wanted to hold him tight, as one would hold a life buoy when marooned at sea- but Thomas had other ideas. He pushed her away, a look of surprise etched across his face.
He did not recognise her. That familiar face that she had so often looked at, which had so often looked back with an expression of warmth and friendliness, now stared back at her blankly. Worse, actually: the blankness was tempered with a small portion of hostility, as one would glare at a rude stranger who had disturbed you in the street or interrupted you from important work.
This glare was only for an instant. It was enough for a reproach, a non-verbal message saying “piss off”. Immediately Thomas turned his back on her and returned to his thoughts.
She felt like cracking up- everybody had forgotten her today. For some irrational reason, she had thought that Thomas would be different. Alas, he too had forgotten her- as if she never existed.
Now, though, she began to listen to her subconscious. This was different to the other instances of the day. Before, the people had remained the same and had merely not recognised her. Thomas, however, was not acting like Thomas. Something more was afoot.
So she opened her mouth and began to speak in quivering notes:
“Do you know who I am?”
Thomas turned back to her and gave her the benefit of his full attention. He had, seemingly, only just registered that she was there, that she wanted his attention and that she may be important. Yes, he had acknowledged her just a few seconds ago, but that was in the manner of a stranger. Now it seemed to be dawning on him that Kathy may be more than simply a rude pedestrian who had bumped into him, or a madwoman who went round hugging strangers. No, he was suddenly realising that Kathy may be important in some way. His forehead began to furrow as he tried to place her in his memory. Yet his apparent interest in Kathy was accompanied by his greater interest in whatever subject was occupying his mind and causing him to pace up and down; consequently, when confronted with Kathy, he had the manner of someone who was simply paying attention out of politeness, and who would really like to get back to what he had been doing before he was interrupted, thank you very much.
He had a stooped look, now that he was standing directly before his inquirer. This was not the Thomas she remembered at all: he would have been standing tall, looking respectable. He was now standing so that he somehow resembled, ever so slightly, the hunchback of Notre Dame.
His brow unfurrowed as his inquiries into his memory came with a conclusion and told him that this woman before him, although she seemed to think she knew him, was a perfect stranger. In reply to Kathy’s question, therefore, he said, “No.”  He said it quite simply, without a hint of compassion: if anything, he merely sounded irritated.
Like everything else about him, his voice was different too: it was definitely the voice of Thomas, emanating from the larynx of Thomas, which was speaking according to instructions from the brain of Thomas. Human beings, however, have a great variety of possible tones of voice to choose from. This is shown by singers, or actors: a skilled actor can sound and look completely different in one role compared to another, and a good singer can change her voice at a whim from high to low. Thus you can recognise someone’s mood and personality by their tone of voice. In extreme circumstances, for example, where somebody is suffering with multiple personality disorder, sometimes the oncoming of an alternative personality can be heralded by a subtle shift in the voice: the real, original person may use his voice in a soft way, while the alternative personality may use it gruffly and offensively.
This was the effect before Kathy now. Sure, it was Thomas’ voice- but it seemed like it was being used by someone other than Thomas. At the very least, this was a side to him that she had never before seen.
She was honestly unsure about how to proceed. Her one hope of finding something real and familiar had been shattered.
Thomas was presently looking at the ground, evidently back in his thoughts. 
“Thomas, please…” she began weakly.
“My name is not Thomas.” he grunted suddenly, absent-mindedly.
Kathy was taken aback. “But… then… who are you? I mean, what is your name?”
“My name’s Gregory,” he replied. All through this, he continued to stare at the ground; clearly the majority of his brainpower was not being engaged in dealing with Kathy.
Kathy stepped backwards in fear and confusion, her mouth agape. Thomas turned away from her completely so that he had his back to her; he then began pacing up and down once more. At this point the pair of them were on the pavement outside 16 Oxford Street. To the casual observer, Kathy would be seen standing stationary while her companion- Thomas, or Gregory, or whoever he now was- could be seen pacing to and fro, about five steps in each direction before turning back the way he came. He would on occasion stop and close his eyes, pondering. Despite his importance to her, Kathy was a complete irrelevance to him.
This continued for a minute or two before Thomas stopped mid-step and took a piece of paper out of his jacket pocket. He looked concerned and began scanning it intently.
This paper, whatever it was, produced a change in him. By now, Kathy had taken a few more steps backwards. She was torn: one part of her wanted to remain close to him, despite his strange behaviour; another simply wanted to run away and cry. Yet now Thomas’ face all of a sudden shot up and looked Kathy straight in her eyes. She was no longer a distraction from his thinking.
“Wait!” he called out. “Are you…”
At this point he looked down at the piece of paper he was holding so tightly in his hands and began searching fervently for something. It was noticeable that the piece of paper was the cleanest thing on him: he looked, and, if she was honest, smelled as if he had not washed in days.
“Are you… Kathy? Kathy Turner?”
“Yes!” she almost screamed in excitement. “Yes! Yes, I am Kathy!”
Thomas frowned and returned to his sheet of paper. This was not the reunion she had been hoping for. She was at a loss to explain what had happened to her friend: perhaps he had suffered concussion, or developed a mental disorder?
“It tells me here that you’re a friend of Thomas,” he stated matter-of-factly. 
He said no more after this, and what followed was an awkward silence. It felt like the longest thirty seconds of Kathy’s life. She decided that her friend was not going to continue the conversation, so took it on herself to try to resolve these confusing circumstances.
“But you’re not Thomas?” she asked.
“No! My name is Gregory!” he almost bellowed, suddenly hot-headed and passionate. Kathy backed away.
“But you look like Thomas,” she continued nervously. “Has something happened to you recently? Something bad?”
Thomas frowned. He looked like he was on the verge of telling her something that he shouldn’t. In fact, he looked positively frightened of saying it, whatever it was- yet he also looked as if telling his evidently great secret would relieve him of an immense burden weighing upon his shoulders.
“Yes,” he said simply. “I…”
He faltered. His face betrayed a deep fear and he began glancing around nervously. Kathy followed his gaze to see what he was looking at, what frightened him so- but she could not see anything. The street was dark and the few lights in the surrounding office blocks which were still on were gradually going out as the late-workers left for home. The area seemed deserted.
Thomas’ eyes fixed on something and he froze. His pupils grew to enormous size as his fear became tangible. Kathy glanced behind her at the source of his terror: a CCTV camera was pointing straight at them. Kathy was not bothered by this, for surveillance had become a regular, normal part of life in modern Britain: but this fact positively petrified Thomas. He began mumbling incoherently and pacing about once more.
Kathy rushed over to him and grabbed his shoulders, stopping him in his tracks. Their faces were close now and their pupils met: eye staring into eye; one pair gazing in compassion and confusion, the other in hope and horror. Thomas now knew who she was, but only by name: it was clear that the spark of recognition, of past memories and shared experiences, had not yet lit in his mind. But it was enough for him. This woman knew him, even if he did not know her, and he had evidently been close to her. She cared about him. She would look after Thomas.
“No, no, no, no, no!” shouted Thomas unexpectedly as he pulled himself away from Kathy and began circling around with his hands clenched against his ears like a madman. “I am Gregory! I am Gregory!”
It was happening again- but how could he stop it? And how could she understand? It had taken three days of training at TGN to hold the effect. He had sensed the truth of their claims as soon as they had met him at his… no, Thomas’ mother’s door, even though he could not understand it. But it had taken three days to cement the knowledge into his head, to make sure he did not forget who he really was and what was really happening to him.  They had emphasised to him, so strongly, that he could forget at any second; that constant vigilance was the price of freedom. And now this. Kathy Turner was here, a ghost from the past of this borrowed body, ready to help her friend come to his senses and solve his problems… but inadvertently she would kill him and kill his knowledge of who he was. She would confuse matters and… who was he? Gregory? Thomas? Identities and personalities became confused in his mind and so he wrenched himself from her grasp and turned his back on her, eyes clenched tight as he fought to hold on.
“What’s wrong?” she asked compassionately.
“My name is Gregory!” he roared. His words came out raw and cold, as if from the very heart of his soul, expressing the innermost truth of his being. They were terrifying to hear and Kathy was, once more, at a loss for what to do.
Had she been convinced of the rational workings of reality, she might have thought her friend Thomas had succumbed to some sort of multiple personality disorder. But the past day had broken any faith she had in Cartesian principles, and so she stood there, dumbfounded, unable to know what to do. For all she knew, this man might be Gregory, and “Thomas” may be an invention of her imagination.
Let me reassure you, dear reader, that this is not what was happening. I would not build up a story based on the disappearance of a character, only to tell you that the character never existed. Yet I write this to show you just how far Kathy had come, and how much the events of the past few days had affected her: she no longer trusted her own memory or her own perceptions of reality. She had many theories- another was the she had been drugged- but she could not conclude that any particular one would explain her strange experiences, and so she was barely holding herself together as she felt powerless to understand or control her life.
Gregory- or Thomas- (we shall, from now on, refer to him simply as “The Man” until matters are resolved) was pacing once more. He was no longer holding onto his sheets of paper- he had scrunched them up and shoved them into his jacket pocket. Among other things, including a simplified explanation of a scientific theory called ‘quantum brain dynamics’, the papers contained a biography of Thomas Wilson: where he had grown up, where he had been educated, who his friends were and who his family was. There was also a biography of a man named Gregory, although this was sketchy: it was far vaguer than Thomas’ biography, for TGN had been unable to find a huge amount of information about the mysterious Gregory. What they did know, they had procured from someone on the inside of Cybertech Industries, and he was obviously limited in what he knew and what he could tell them. The word “Biography” may imply a huge book, or at least a huge collection of papers: in reality, the number of sheets of paper in the man’s jacket pocket was no more than three. You will therefore be able to imagine that the amount of writing was rather small, the explanation of the science of brain dynamics rather simplified and the biographies of Thomas Wilson and Gregory rather sparse on detail.
Why did this man have this information in his pocket? After Thomas had been approached by TGN on the fateful day at the start of this book, these pieces of paper had been given to him and something very shocking had been explained to him. The pieces of paper simply reinforced the shocking news and reminded him of his true identity whenever he needed it. Right now, however, the bio of Thomas was merely confusing for him- this is why he hid the paper in a positively violent manner. 
Given the content of the previous chapter, I would not be surprised if you, dear reader, had by now worked out what was going on- to some extent, at least. If not, fear not- all will be explained explicitly later on.
So the man was pacing, frightened and confused; Kathy was also frightened and confused, though for different- yet similar- reasons. Presently the man wheeled about on the arches of his feet and rushed towards Kathy. He grabbed her and began speaking with a passion that utterly took Kathy off guard.
“You asked me if something bad had happened to me. Yes, something bad did happen. I am not Thomas. I am Gregory. Your friend… is gone. I am sorry for that, but it is not my fault. I am as much a victim as he was… as anyone could be… argh!”
He suddenly screamed and clutched his skull, and a look of realisation appeared on his face. He grabbed Kathy once more and continued talking, even more fervently and passionately than before.
“Listen to me, because I don’t have much time. They know I’m talking to you, and they’re frightened. They can’t let word of their work get out to the public, because if it did they would lose their power. They would be shut down.”
“Who’s they?” asked Kathy in alarm. The man was talking like a mad conspiracy theorist.
“I can’t say… I don’t know what they’ll do to me. I mean… we think it’s Cybertech Industries.”
“Who’s we?”
The man seemed to be ignoring her. His words were gradually coming out more slowly, as if he was struggling to remember things; he began to speak in gasps. 
“TGN… are not the enemy… they can help… they helped me…”
His thoughts and words were steadily growing more and more incoherent. It was like watching someone with rapid-onset dementia: the kind of deterioration of memory and identity which would normally take years was occurring in seconds with this man. 
“I… am not Gregory… not Gregory… am Gregory! My name… Gregory…”
His grip on Kathy was getting weaker; his whole being- body, mind, soul- was growing weaker by the second. His head was drooping and what had begun as him grasping onto her had become him leaning on her to prevent himself from falling.
“But it’s all in the future… it’s too late…”
He suddenly smirked, as if something funny had happened or been remembered. His hand reached into his pocket and he pulled out the three pieces of paper he had so desperately clung onto before, stapled together, and thrust them out at Kathy. This exertion cost him energy and he practically slumped onto her, only managing to stay upright by holding onto her with his spare hand.
“Can’t explain… this can… take it! Take it!”
He would have yelled it, had he had the energy. Kathy reached out for the papers, but before she could grasp them he collapsed onto the pavement, motionless.
Kathy stepped backwards, aghast. The body of her friend lay before here and it looked utterly lifeless: like an empty shell, like a costume without the wearer or a mask without its face. His face was partially obscured by his hat, which had flopped onto the side of his head as he fell and now covered his eyes and left ear. Yet from what Kathy could see of his face, it looked limp: where once muscles would have held it in the form of a smile or a frown, now the skin simply sagged onto the pavement. She suddenly felt a wave of cold pass over her from the pit of her stomach: what her mind could not comprehend- or rather, could not allow itself to comprehend- her instincts had known in advance.
She bent down and lifted the hat from his face. This man was not Thomas, but nor was he Gregory: the persons who had occupied his form had gone now, and what was left was an empty, lifeless shell. Lifeless- she could also have called it dead, although that word carried too much weight and pain for her to consider it.
Her fingers moved falteringly towards his neck to feel for a pulse. There was none. He was dead.
She screamed involuntarily. Her mind was numb and her body was cold. The events of the past few days vanished from her consciousness as she became consumed in the events of now: there she was, kneeling down on the pavement of a dark street next to her best friend’s corpse. 
It consumed her entire being, so that now- that infinitely tiny point in time, which is ever intangible and unable to be grasped- became an infinity to her. It was her whole reality. There was no past, there was no future: everything that was or could or did or would exist was encapsulated in that solitary minute, that very second. She could almost sense time slowing down to a stop and her mind almost expanding: in this now, there were six billion people busying themselves away on this tiny rock in space. Some were sleeping, some were fighting; others were dancing, while more were writing. Yet the only one person that mattered now, the infinite reality before her, was Thomas- or Gregory- dead in front of her.
She was numb, but she was sharp. Her mind picked up on the sheet of paper and realised that it must have some great significance. After all, the man had seemed to know what was about to happen to him and had seemed at great pains to give Kathy the sheet of paper.
So she picked it up. They were still in his hands, now slightly gritty from contact with the ground. She touched his hand- she had to; she did not want to- and they were still warm. Lifeless, but warm, as the individual cells making up the everyday workings of the flesh were calling out to their brain: where is my food? Where is my nourishment? Alas, the mind had left and the brain was dead, or dying: these cells would be getting no more food and no more nourishment, and slowly they too would die off and become cold as their functions and activities ceased.
Kathy avoided thinking about it. Instead, she focused her attention on the three sheets of paper before her. They were printed ink and scrunched up, presumably from when the Man had grown angry at them. Alone, they were difficult to comprehend: half a page was devoted to a simple explanation of an obscure theory called Quantum Brain Dynamics; a further one and a half pages comprised a personal biography of Thomas Wilson; finally, the last page contained but one paragraph about the life and times of a man called Gregory. The detail was sparse- it didn’t even mention his surname.
Around the printed word was a mass of almost illegible notes. However, Kathy could discern a few words and sentences: “TGN” appeared quite often, and the phrase “Cybertech Industries” was discernible clustered around the paragraph about Quantum Brain Dynamics. One handwritten paragraph gave a brief description of a Doctor Jones and a machine that he had created, although again the detail was vague: all Kathy could discover from reading it was that this Doctor existed and had made a machine which manipulated the “cortical field”, whatever that was. What this meant, she was unsure about: the phrase was mentioned a few times in the explanation of Quantum Brain Dynamics, but the paragraph was so short and the concepts so complex that Kathy remained in the dark about most of it.
One thing Kathy could make out, though: TGN and Cybertech Industries were connected to this, and if she wanted answers about what had happened to Thomas/Gregory, they were to be her first port of call.



Chapter 9
Two weeks, six days ago
Kathy was sitting nervously in the foyer. She was alone, apart from the presence of Mrs. Wilson, who was quietly sobbing into her handkerchief. The story had come full circle: we began with Mrs. Wilson calling on Kathy to help find her missing son, and now he has been found. The worry of the days when he was missing has been etched into Mrs. Wilson’s face: although already old when we first met her, now her wrinkles have become even deeper and her eyes even more world-weary and aged.
Yet we have not quite come full circle, for many mysterious events have occurred. Mrs. Wilson originally sought Kathy’s help in investigating her son’s disappearance. Now, however, she barely recognises her. The woman who was once the best friend of her son has become a virtual stranger. Whatever has happened that caused Kathy to be removed from the minds and memories of all around her has clearly not yet unhappened. Yet today, there is minor progress. While yesterday nobody showed even a hint of recognition, today there is a faint glimmer in people’s eyes when they look at her, as if half remembering her from a dream.
It was quite bizarre- traumatic, even- for Kathy to be here. She was sitting in the foyer of her old offices. People she knew and had worked with were wandering past. She wanted to greet them, but when she did they did not return the greetings- or if they did, they would do it in a merely polite manner. Friends and colleagues no longer knew who she was.
She had spent the night in a hospital. After calling an ambulance to attend to Thomas/Gregory, she had travelled with him two miles to the nearest hospital and been allowed to stay in the waiting room overnight. The hospital staff had initially been hostile to her presence until she explained that she was now homeless and had nowhere to live. Besides, this was a dead man- unsurprisingly, the hospital had not been able to resurrect him. Medical science is not yet that advanced. 
The police had been called in to investigate. It was by all accounts a suspicious death, and Kathy had been the only person at the scene of the “crime”. Kathy was, therefore, their chief suspect- although at this point there was not enough information to determine whether a crime had even taken place. Nevertheless, whatever her title, the police had wanted to interview her in connection. 
So the police had arrived at the hospital around half past ten the previous night. They had interviewed her, and she had told them all she knew- except, of course, about the distortions in reality she had experienced. She would save that for the court, if indeed the police concluded that she was responsible for his death and decided to press charges. If worst came to worst, she reasoned, she could always plead insanity. Of course, she did not expect it to get that far, given that she had done nothing illegal- but she wanted to cover all possibilities. A miscarriage of justice was not impossible.
Nevertheless, she had told them about TGN; about his disappearance, and what Mrs. Wilson had told her, and how she had been investigating the incident in her capacity as a friend and as an investigative journalist; how she had then been sexually assaulted and stayed at home for several days; how she had then been given a tip-off by a strange man in the park, and then found Thomas at the precise time and place she had been told; and how he had simply keeled over and died, randomly.
She had, to all intents and purposes, told the truth. Yet she forgot that she had been forgotten. It seemed that the world had lost all trace of her: so the police had been unable to find record of a policeman rescuing her from a sexual assault; when questioned, Mrs. Wilson admitted feeling depressed over her son’s disappearance (so soon after her husband’s death, it may be remembered), but denied having ever met Kathy before. Her landlord and her employer denied having ever met her. Thus her story had seemed implausible. The police had pressed her for “the truth”, but of course she could not say anything other than what she had already said- for that was the truth. After a stressful hour in an interview room, the police had told her not to “leave town” and left her to sleep in the hospital.
The next day had been slightly different. Suddenly, her landlord and employer remembered her- although only vaguely, and continued to deny having ever employed or housed her. Mrs. Wilson, too, had a similar level of recollection of her, and the policeman who had rescued her from Arnold admitted he “may have” rescued her from a sexual attacker, but that the intensity of his work meant that he could not remember every criminal he ever apprehended, nor every victim he had ever rescued.
This was progress. Yet Kathy was impatient to get on with investigating TGN and the mysterious Cybertech Industries. She remembered that Arnold and his companions had been mentioning a Cybertech Industries on that fateful morning when all the trouble had begun. She wanted, as soon as possible, to discover who Gregory was, what he was doing in Thomas’ head. And  maybe, just maybe, TGN and Cybertech Industries would be able to explain what had been happening to her.
So Kathy now found herself sitting in a foyer on the ground floor of the office block where she worked. This was where they put all the visitors and guests; had she been recognised as an employee, she would have been allowed straight in.
She had hoped that they would recognise her, or that she could at least sneak in and find her old desk. Why? The decision seemed irrational in hindsight- after all, if nobody else could recognise or remember her, how would her colleagues? Why should they be different? 
So her approach had changed. She decided, if people could not remember her, to pose as a person with a story to sell. She would find a reporter, or the editor, and she would tell them about the mysterious events which she had experienced; about what she knew about Thomas’s disappearance. Maybe, then, she could get some help in investigating TGN and Cybertech. If she could no longer access the resources of a national newspaper, then she could damn well find someone else who could.
The problem was that she was, as has been mentioned, prime suspect in Thomas’ death- assuming the police concluded that a crime had been committed. As such, she had found it difficult to get anybody’s attention. The few people she had tried to call over had ignored her or seemed preoccupied. She had originally walked straight into the offices, as if she worked there, but had been escorted out into the foyer (where she now was) after several of the journalists complained of her “harassing” them.
As she waited for someone to pay heed to her- either to discipline her, or to talk to her; she was not sure- she took out the sheets of paper again which had been given to her by the Man. These were clearly of paramount importance to Thomas/Gregory’s case. She could see that Gregory had been in Thomas’ head, and that TGN and Cybertech were somehow connected to what had happened to him. She remembered how he had been glancing around nervously just before his death, as if frightened someone was watching. 
His death… Kathy was surprised at her emotional response to it. She had initially been distraught, but by the next day her mourning had descended into a mere numbness, more manageable and yet more frightening than her previous emotion. She had busied herself in investigating what had happened to him. For hours now, she had been absorbed completely by the mystery of who Gregory was and how the two sinister organisations were linked that she had almost forgotten just why she was so absorbed by it. Yet now the fact of his death hit her once more, like a frozen wave of ice descending onto her shoulders and causing her to shudder with grief.
Yet she could not allow it to swallow her. She had always strived to be a doer, determined and resolute: she was not about to give in to tears.
So she gripped the paper and studied it hard. She had read it several times since the night before, and had begun trying to come up with theories about how the three sections- on Quantum Brain Dynamics, Thomas and Gregory- were linked.
The first section was a fairly short paragraph which read:
Quantum Brain Dynamics (QBD) is a theory of human consciousness. It is based on quantum mechanics, which is the scientific theory governing the movement of particles at subatomic level. In quantum mechanics, there are things called “quanta”, which sometimes behave like particles and sometimes behave like waves. There are different types of quanta, and these can form “quantum fields”. QBD explains human consciousness as the action of the cortical field, which is a field of quanta called “corticons”, on the water molecules in the brain. Electrical signals travel down the dendritic networks of the neurons in the brain and stimulate the water molecules in the neurons. When they are stimulated, they emit corticons, which create the cortical field.
The ink was smudged in places. It seemed that someone had grabbed the paper as soon as it left the printer in an eagerness not befitting the content of the writing. The words were slightly faded in places too, presumably through the repeated pressure of sweaty thumbs as Thomas/Gregory and, now, Kathy eagerly devoured the content in an attempt to understand what it said, and thus to understand, perhaps, what had happened to them respectively.
Kathy had never been a scientist. She could vaguely recall doing science at GCSE level, but even then she had only come out with a C. Thus while she tried with all her might and wit to fully understand what this paragraph was saying, in all honesty the subject was as much a mystery after reading it as it had been before.
Underneath the first paragraph was a handwritten note about a Doctor Jones. The handwriting was alien to Kathy. It was certainly not that of Thomas (whose handwriting she had got to know); but then, with “Gregory” inhabiting his head, he may also have inherited Gregory’s handwriting style too. It was illegible in places, but made more sense than the preceding paragraph:
Doctor Jones, Cybertech Industries: inventor of the cortical manipulation matrix. It __________ the cortical field to other _____. Must not be seen. They can monitor _________ you- through time, too.TGN investigating. You are not Thomas. You have ______ cortic__ _______.
The handwriting was frustratingly hard to decipher, and it seemed that the most crucial details were missing. It was evident that it had been written in a hurry. Yet Kathy had a vital lead now: if she could find this Doctor Jones, then maybe the mystery would begin to unravel.
 Other clues were to be found on the paper. The next paragraph to catch her attention was the half-page biography of the mysterious Gregory, surname unknown:
Gregory, surname unknown, born circa 1989. Grew up in Yorkshire. His father was a shopkeeper, his mother an au pair. Educated at a state comprehensive school, where he gained seven GCSEs before leaving to pursue a career in boxing in 2005. Gave up on professional boxing in 2007, although he continues it as a hobby.  Studied for an A level in English Language and Literature between 2007 and 2009. Employed as reporter for local newspaper since 2009.
Important people in his life: Gregory has a long-term girlfriend who he has been seeing for five years. His parents’ whereabouts and identities are unknown.
Significant events in his life: At the age of five, Gregory had a traumatic experience when he almost drowned and had to be rescued by a passer-by. Since then, he has had a psychological condition whereby he panics easily when not in control of a situation.
At the age of 13, his parents divorced due to his mother having an affair. He then lived with his dad for three years, after which his parents remarried.
At the age of 18, he suffered a serious injury to his jaw in an amateur boxing match which put an end to his boxing ambitions. After submitting a short story to a magazine and having it published, he decided to develop his writing talent and pursue a career in journalism.
So that was Gregory: the alleged yet incomplete life-story of the man who took over Thomas’ mind. Kathy was unsure what to make of this: was this “Gregory” a real person, or was this biography a malicious attempt to take advantage of a man with mental problems? The idea seemed plausible that Thomas had begun to suffer from some sort of multiple personality disorder, and that “Gregory” was one of the voices in his head. To supply this fictional creation with a life story may have been simply a sick joke, intended to confuse an already mentally disturbed man.
The final piece was a longer biography of Thomas. This interested Kathy less, as she knew Thomas already; she did not need a biography to tell her who he was. Nevertheless, she decided to examine it once more to see if it contained any clues:
Thomas Wilson, born 29th July 1988 to Mr Francis Wilson and Mrs. Barbara Wilson. Educated at St. Barnabas’ High School, Leeds, where he gained 10 GCSEs: 1 A*, 3 Bs, 5 Cs and 1 D, and Treebrook Sixth Form College, Leeds, where he gained four A levels in Maths, English, History and Physics. Studied English at Bristol University, where he gained a 2:1 on graduation in 2009. He was then employed by the Daily Herald in their graduate recruitment programme, where he has worked ever since.
Important people in his life: Parents, Mr. and Mrs. Wilson. Mr. Francis Wilson, deceased, was a retired wrestler; Mrs. Barbara Wilson is a housewife. Jimmy McDougal, his childhood friend. They haven’t seen each other in a year, owing to the fact that Jimmy has moved to Italy for work; nevertheless, they remain in contact. Simon Carbrook, his other childhood friend; he remained in Leeds, but whenever he is in London or Thomas returns home, they meet up. Kathy Turner, close friend, ex-girlfriend and colleague; they met when they both joined the graduate recruitment programme at the Daily Herald. Mr. Jacob Wilson, brother of Francis and uncle of Thomas. Sarah and Jane Wilson, children of Francis and cousins of Thomas. 
Childhood: Thomas was born and raised in Leeds by Mr. and Mrs. Francis and Barbara Wilson. He enjoyed a happy childhood in a stable, loving home. Every other weekend, the family would visit his uncle’s house. While the adults would sit drinking tea and discussing what seemed to Thomas to be boring adult stuff, he would play with his cousins Sarah and Jane.  Sarah was five years older than him, and Jane two; so it would often happen that Thomas and Jane would have a whale of a time, while Sarah would secretly wish she had other children closer to her age to play with. The three of them would often play a game of their own invention called “frong trong”, the name of which was based on something they had heard on a children’s TV show and which was a strange mixture of tig, hide and seek and hopscotch.  
This was Thomas’ life until he started school at the age of four. Although he was a slow learner in many subjects, he stood out when it came to English. He had read all the children’s classics by the age of seven and was consistently reading two years ahead of his age group. After reading Marlfox by Brian Jacques in just one night, he conceived the idea that one day he might be a writer. He dreamed of spending his life creating new worlds on paper for the enjoyment of other children. His goal led him to enter a creative writing competition at the age of 10, which, sadly, he did not win. 
This setback nearly crushed him. His dream had suddenly been stolen from him, crushed beneath the feet of a heartless competition judge. So he rebelled. Showing a complete lack of talent for maths, science, history, language, etc., his sudden apathy when it came to English meant that his grades began to drop as he went into secondary school and, at the age of 14, he began to experiment with weed. At first, he did it as a social activity with friends. This is where he met Jimmy McDougal, who was seen as the head “stoner” at his school. The two of them would sneak out at dinner-time and find somewhere to hide and light up. Thomas enjoyed the sensation of blissful apathy that the drug inspired in him as a kind of escape from reality and teenage angst.
One day, when Thomas was 15 years old, he and Jimmy were found behind the school shed by Simon Carbrook. Simon was seen as something of a nerd; he was unpopular with his fellow pupils and often seen alone. On this occasion he had been walking alone mumbling to himself when he had stumbled upon the pair of stoners quite accidentally, and seemed completely shocked by what he had seen. His initial instinct to run and tell a teacher was overridden when Jimmy and Thomas had offered to let him hang out with them. Simon, who had never really had many friends before, jumped at the opportunity- nevertheless, he refused to smoke any weed with them. The three were a good influence on each other: Thomas and Jimmy brought out a somewhat confident, more outgoing side to Simon; at the same time, Simon’s example eventually persuaded Thomas to give up on the drugs. Simon turned out to be a very optimistic and encouraging person, through whose influence Thomas began to believe once more in his potential. He began to use the weed not as a recreational drug, but as a tool for inspiration; soon, he found that the weed merely hampered his writing. It made it more creative and surreal, but led to a confused and incoherent plot.
Yet Thomas was never meant to be an author. Though his stories were never good enough for publication, Simon managed to reignite his love for the written word- so, Thomas chose to study English at university. Having spent his teenage years as a stoner, by now he had lost interest in weed and passed off his friends in his halls of residence with ease when they offered him a joint. He became quite the student, spending his first year at university almost as a recluse. Nevertheless, it paid off: his first year exam results were among the highest in his class.
At university, he joined the amateur dramatics society, where he met Dora Day who was to become his first serious girlfriend. They met in Thomas’ second year and stayed together for over one and a half years. Thomas had been deeply smitten with her; so deeply, in fact, that they had occasionally discussed marriage and family in the future. Yet their dream was not to be: as the pair came to the end of their course, they both reached the painful realisation that their love was doomed. Thomas had secured a job in London, while Dora- who was a biology student - had found a placement in Brazil working with marine wildlife. 
So Thomas graduated and left Bristol for London- alone. Yet he had a dazzling future ahead of him in the form of a graduate placement scheme at one of the nation’s biggest newspapers. After two years with the Daily Herald, he had worked his way up to being a full-time professional journalist: the boy who wanted to write stories had grown up into the man who did just that.
Kathy had read this biography so many times she almost knew it off by heart. Choice segments of text had been highlighted in a seemingly random fashion. It must have meant something to Thomas/Gregory, who had presumably been the author of the highlighting, but was a sheer mystery to Kathy. The code was like an enigma to her, and she unfortunately did not have an enigma machine. Next to each highlighted segment was a patch of almost illegible scribbling. 
A grunt distracted her from her ponderings. She looked up and saw a suited figure before her. He had a strong, muscular frame bulging out from within his suit and an expression which gave the impression that he was utterly unimpressed at having been assigned her case. That was understandable: Thomas had been found dead, with her as the only person at the scene, and she had been completely forgotten by the world. He would have no memory of the fact that she actually worked there, and was probably suspicious that she was responsible for Thomas’ death.
In fact, she had never seen him before. He must have been a new reporter at the bottom of the food chain who had been employed within the past few days. She could guess his story: he had probably just earned that big promotion to a national newspaper after years of local journalism and become excited at finally having caught his big break, but had found himself a minnow in a big pond full of sharks, his hopes shattered as he realised he was little more than an office junior again. He certainly looked as if he felt that way. A slightly disgruntled look pervaded his whole body: it was subtly visible in his posture, in his expression and the way his eyes refused to focus on anything before him.
“Kathy Turner?” he called nonchalantly. His voice expressed boredom and a hint of annoyance.
“Yes,” Kathy replied with hope. “That’s me.”
“Come with me,” he said simply. 
With that, he turned and walked into the main newsroom without waiting for her to follow. She lifted herself from the chair. It was remarkably difficult for her to do so: she had become so engrossed in her thoughts and her reading that she must have been in that seat for hours without noticing. Plus, the effects of physical and emotional exhaustion had finally caught up with her body, which had simply sagged into the chair and stiffened like a rock. It was a battle of mind and matter to force herself to rise and follow her guide.
He led her into the newsroom which was so familiar to her. On the left were huge windows overlooking the London skyline, the winding track of the Thames being the only relief in a landscape of grey artificiality; on the right, a series of doors spaced evenly apart, which led into the editors’ offices. Between the two was the newsroom: that busy, bustling hub of scoops and investigation. The air was abuzz with the sound of fingers busily typing and telephones ringing. As Kathy walked in, a pair of journalists- who she recognised as Emile Johnson and Ellie Summers, with whom she had shared many conversations- were rushing out with exasperated looks on their faces. When Kathy had been there, they had specialised in uncovering groundbreaking stories of political scandal. They had inspired the awe of the media world with their impossibly wide and deep network of informers, who had leaked to them stories from the heart of government. Although Kathy knew them, there was not a hint of recognition on their faces as they breezed out.
Lines of desks filled this vast room for as far as the eye could see, each with many people busy on their laptops or mobile phones. The desk which was furthest away- where the reviewers lived- was barely visible where Kathy stood, such was the size of this operation. Nobody paid any attention to the red haired woman who had just walked in with the newbie reporter. The unknown woman and the unknown man: who would recognise either of them? For they were both nobodies, nothing, and both were equally bothered: one, because yesterday many of the people here had been her colleagues and friends; the other, because the glamour of working for a national paper had failed to materialise. It took all of Kathy’s effort to prevent a tear falling as she was reminded of her newfound invisibility in the world; Gregory, meanwhile, was merely annoyed. His brows furrowed and his lips stiffened as he motioned to Kathy to move to her left, towards an until-now-unseen door which opened into an interview room.
Kathy followed. She stared at the back of him as he walked and tried to discern his character. His shoes were brown leather, polished to perfection; his trousers were neat and trim; his shirt, an otherwise plain white number with a red criss-cross pattern, was tucked in all the way around; his curly auburn hair was cut short. The whole look was designed to portray that of a serious, professional person, confident in himself and tough. He looked young, but he dressed old. He seemed a serious man.
He opened the door and beckoned for Kathy to follow.
The room inside was small and cheaply decorated. It had simply one table, two chairs and a writing pad in its centre. Her guide pulled out one chair for her benefit, and then sat down on the other side of the table, ready for the interview to begin.
“What can I do for you?” he asked curtly.
“It’s about Thomas Wilson,” she said.
His eyes narrowed at her. He was clearly suspicious of her. Being new, he had never met Thomas; yet it was doubtless that he had heard about the missing reporter through office gossip, and about how- and with whom- he was found on the night of his death. This was not going to be a pleasant interview for either of them.
“You were found with him on the night of his death,” he said darkly.
Kathy sighed, “Yes.”
“So what did you want to say?” he asked glibly. This was not normal interview procedure, and it startled Kathy.
“I wanted to explain what happened. And then I wanted to show you something- something important,” she said.
The reporter looked at her carefully. After a few seconds of visual probing, he opened his mouth to speak. “Explain away, then,” he invited her.
“I-” Kathy began, before stopping herself. She was going to need to think through what she said, because unless she censored certain parts of her story, she was going to seem thoroughly insane. Truth be told, she wouldn’t be surprised if she was- but for the moment, she wanted him to listen to her and to believe her.
“I was in the park yesterday,” she began, “when a strange person approached me. He sat beside me, and after a while he told me to go to Oxford Street at precisely 9:13 p.m. that night. I didn’t know what I’d find when I got there, but I decided to go anyway-”
“Why?” cut in the reporter. He could tell where the story was going because he knew that Thomas had been found on Oxford Street shortly after 9:13 p.m. 
This question startled Kathy. Why had she followed the stranger’s instruction? Or, more importantly, how could she explain it without revealing what had happened to her? The great fear right now was that she may seem insane to her clearly sceptical questioner, and so she paused quickly to think of a suitable explanation.
She wanted to tell him that she worked there, and that she had been evicted by her landlord when he had forgotten her, when all trace of her existence had vanished from her flat- oh, how she wished she could simply say that! But it was clear that some sinister force was manipulating her life, and her very reality, and so she confined herself to the world she was in: a world where she was homeless and jobless, and had apparently always been so, for nobody would remember that she had ever worked here. And so she began:
“I’m homeless,” she smiled glumly. The words left her mouth with the bitter taste of shame. “I’m homeless, and I had nothing else to do. So I thought I’d follow the lead up.”
Her questioner hardened his gaze. A cynical look passed across his face as he asked her, “How did you end up on the streets?”
“My landlord threw me out,” she said. “I returned home one day, and… and he evicted me.”
“Why?” asked her questioner, in the same monotone voice he had been using throughout the questioning. It didn’t display a lack of interest; rather, a rage seething beneath the surface, fuelled by suspicion and hidden almost successfully behind gritted teeth. He clearly distrusted her whole account of what had happened, and was searching for any hole with which he could tear her story apart and expose her as the fraud- and murderer- he thought she was.
Kathy frowned. “I don’t know,” she admitted. “He simply didn’t recognise me. I returned home, and all my stuff was missing. He denied that I was his tenant, or that he had ever seen me before, and threatened to call the police.”
Her questioner smirked. “A likely story,” he said. “But, carry on.” He beckoned with his hand as if interested in hearing the rest of her story, even though he viewed it merely as fiction.
Kathy was near exasperation, but hid it well. Her success here depended on her convincing her questioner of the truth of her account, and he would not be convinced by a sudden outburst of emotion.
“Anyway, I arrived at Oxford Street at 9:13 p.m. precisely,” she continued calmly. “Where I saw Thomas standing on the other side of the street. He was just outside the offices of an organisation called TGN, which I don’t know much about but which may turn out to be important in the investigation into Thomas’ disappearance…”
She glanced up at her questioner. His eyes had become sharp and glazed over with accusation when she had gone onto the topic of TGN. She had lapsed into talking to him as if she was still a journalist employed here and he was her editor. He clearly did not like her attitude one bit and thought her presumptuous. Kathy bit her lip. She had to remember the situation she was in.
“I approached him,” she continued. “I was so happy to see him- I…” She wanted to express her joy at having found her best friend, but suddenly remembered that she couldn’t- in her new reality, nobody remembered her. Colleagues of Thomas would report that he had never met or mentioned a Kathy, and that would poke a huge hole in her account. So she toned her account down slightly: “I mean, I’d heard he was missing. And I knew him from somewhere. I’d met him before.”
“Where?” probed her interrogator. 
“I… I can’t remember exactly.”
“You can’t remember exactly?”
“No,” she said, shamefully. But of course she could remember! They had met on their first day on the job. They had become firm friends instantly. She could remember many times going to the cinema with him; going out for a drink after work; a few bowling trips on the weekend. Yet how could she tell this man? Her story would soon crumble, and she would have to explain what she had really experienced in this mad, mad time of her life, and would soon find herself in a mental institution. So she looked down as she spoke, hoping his eyes would not meet hers and see the madness and lies within.
“So you were overjoyed at being reunited with a man who you can’t quite remember having met? So, what, you vaguely recognised him?”
“That must have been it, I suppose,” she stumbled. This was not going well. But she continued nonetheless: “I spoke to him, but he seemed mad, confused; he didn’t recognise the name Thomas and swore his name was actually Gregory. He insisted upon it- shouted it in fact.”
At this detail, her interrogator’s interest had perked. His expression now included simultaneously an increased amount of contempt and of curiosity. His eyes were accusing, asking an inexplicable and unclear question of his interviewee, which puzzled Kathy- but she could not stop speaking now.
“Before he collapsed, he gave me something. Something which could be very important.”
She thrust the papers she had been clutching so tightly towards the man before her. He eyed them hungrily and suspiciously at the same time, before taking them and reading them intently.
Minutes passed in a tense silence. Kathy watched his face with baited breath: it was difficult to read, but gradually his mouth grew agape and he finished scanning the documents with an expression of unwilling shock on his face. His eyes were not empty of suspicion, but that emotion had been overtaken by burning curiosity- an urgency that surprised Kathy and took her aback.
“My name is Gregory,” he said suddenly.
“I’m sorry?” asked Kathy, incomprehensibly. 
“My name is Gregory. I have a gammy jaw from a boxing injury. My parents divorced for a while when I was a teenager. I did have a long-term girlfriend, but we have recently married.” He smiled. “Your information is a little out of date, I’m afraid.”
“Wha-?” said Kathy, just about grasping what was happening.
“I can fill in the details, if you like. Your paper says “surname unknown”. I can tell you: my surname is Smith. The man here, on this piece of paper”- he pointed to the paragraph about Gregory- “This is me.”
Kathy was taken aback. This was beyond what she had been expecting. This was another strange, strange twist in what had been an already very maddening period. 
The implications began to form in her head. Thomas had been holding these papers, clutching them dearly as if his life had depended on it. He had said that Thomas was gone, and that he was Gregory instead, and then he had died. Could it be that the man before her had been the man she had met at 9:13 p.m. on Oxford Street? But she had seen him die…
The very same thoughts were going through Gregory’s head, and both were as confused as each other. They suddenly both viewed each other with complete suspicion. Kathy, for her part, was wondering whether the man before her was at least partially responsible for the recent distortions in reality. Had everything she had experienced been a cruel trick on his part, through some strange new technology or telekinetic powers? The logic behind such an assertion was foggy to say the least, but it was clear that the man sitting in front of her was somehow linked to everything that had happened.
She did not know what to say. He began the conversation for her.
“Where did you get this?” he suddenly bellowed. Kathy was scared- he had suddenly transformed from a calm, inwardly strong person into a bear, a monster, bursting out of his shell; a wounded lion, lashing out at the most likely cause of his injury. “How do you know all this about me? Why do you have this document?”
“I... Thomas… you…” she spluttered. Presently she experienced a fortification of her spirit. “You!” she said in a burst of realisation. “Were you there? Was that you? Is Thomas even dead? Were you masquerading as him, pretending to be him for a joke? A laugh? Why are you doing this?”
The pair were now in high emotions, but Kathy was taking the floor. Her rational mind had taken a back seat as her unrestrained, illogical passion took centre stage. All the emotional pain and confusion that she had been through so recently was now projected onto this man, and she grasped onto him for answers to her desperate situation. She continued:
“What do you know about all this? How did you do it all- the walls, the paintings, the hallucinations, the forgetting? How did you make the world forget me?”
“Make the world- forget you?” he responded incredulously. “What kind of madness are you on about?”
“A few days ago, I had a pretty decent life,” Kathy explained, close to tears. “I had a flat. I had a job. And then, one minute- poof! It’s all gone! My home is empty, my landlord has thrown me out- nobody recognises me, nobody knows who I am and I turn up here for work and I’m treated as an interviewee- nay, worse, a suspect in my best friend’s murder.”
“You worked here?”
“I did!” continued Kathy indignantly. “I’ve been working here for two years. My desk is over there” she said, pointing. “I’ve written some very good stories for this paper, and now nobody knows who I am.”
“And Thomas was your best friend?”
“Yes. We met when we first got here. We both started on the same day.”
Kathy glared at her questioner, the mysterious Gregory who could take another man’s form or enter his head, or something…
And all of a sudden, it ended. Her emotional outburst ended, and she realised how irrationally she had behaved. She had blown it- there was no way he would believe or respect her now. He would rightly think her mental, mad, an untrustworthy news source. There would be no investigation, and TGN would get away with…
Away with what? Yet her mind was now on the right path, and she began excitedly:
“But look! Look at the scribbling on the paper! It talks about TGN and Cybertech Industries. Are you linked with them? What can they do?” she suddenly accused him.
“Look, lady, you sound insane,” yelled Gregory. “You come in here with all these claims, but nobody here knows who you are. Nobody’s mentioned you. You’re just a mad homeless lady. But a mad homeless lady with my personal history! How did you get it?”
“I’d like to know the answer to that myself,” said Kathy. “You gave it to me.”
“I? What do you mean, me?” asked Gregory.
“Well, you were pretty insistent on it when I met you, or Thomas. I don’t know what you did- took on his appearance, or entered his head, whatever. But when I found Thomas, the man talking out of his mouth was you.”
A tense silence followed, in which both of them glared at each other. Neither knew what to do. Yet both knew they were bound to the other in some way: Kathy knew that Gregory was inextricably linked with the fate of Thomas, and Gregory knew that Kathy had somehow, and for some reason, been in possession of a sheet of paper with his personal life story on it. Both had something they wanted to know from the other, so neither wanted to leave for the moment.
It seemed fate had drawn them together, down a road that defied explanation and it had not been a pleasant trip. Yet here they were. And suddenly hope appeared in Kathy’s heart, as she realised that here was a contact that may be vital for her to unravel the mysteries of her dilemma.
“Look,” she began calmly. “It seems that your fate, Thomas’ fate and my fate are all tied together somehow. And perhaps the rope tying us together is TGN. Thomas disappeared, and then I find him- or you- outside the headquarters of TGN. He mutters something about TGN helping and not being the enemy. Now, that’s all we have to hold onto right now, but it’s something.”
“Both of us have an interest in this. You want to know why I have a piece of paper with your life story on it. So do I, to be honest. I could say that Thomas gave it to me, but that doesn’t explain why you’re on it, or why fate brought us together today in this meeting. We both have something to investigate here, and it seems that TGN is the place to start investigating.”
Gregory was silent. He was still glaring intently at her with an unreadable expression on his hard face. Kathy continued, unperturbed.
“We are in the offices of a national paper here. We have the resources to investigate this thing. One of our journalists is dead, and a shady organisation called TGN appears to be linked to it. There’s a potential scandal here. We’d be doing a public disservice if we didn’t get into a bit of investigative journalism here.”
More silence. Kathy began to get worried.
“I came here for this reason: to get help, to investigate the death of my friend. So- will you help me?”
Gregory didn’t reply for a while, and Kathy waited in suspense. Finally he bellowed, “No!”
Kathy’s heart sank. “Why?” she asked, with faux-confidence in her voice.
“You’re a mad, homeless lady. I can’t trust you.”
With that, he let out a guttural roar and went to storm out of the room.
Before he could exit, though, a female head appeared round the door. Neither Kathy nor Gregory recognised her, but her interruption instantly dissolved the tension in the room. She wore a huge grin on her wide, freckled face and shouted the good news:
“Thomas is alive!”



Chapter 10
Kathy and Gregory stared dumbfounded at the news. The previous tension had temporarily dissolved as they both contemplated in numb shock the miracle which had just occurred.
Their messenger had disappeared as quickly as she had arrived, presumably to spread the joyful news around the rest of the office: Thomas is alive. Questions swirled around Kathy’s head; unanswerable questions, which, when added to the dizzying list of questions she already had in her head, gave her a faint headache. This was too much for her.
And yet… the news prompted a relieving of her soul, a lightening of her spirit, as her mourning period was cut short prematurely. For what reason is there to mourn a man who lives?
Perhaps the doctors had got it wrong and he had merely been in a coma. Perhaps they had neglected to check his pulse or his brainwaves. Yet somehow Kathy suspected that this was not the case: she was certain that he had been dead, and he now was alive.
Kathy had the dubious advantage of having lived through the bizarreness of having walls change before her, paintings talking to her and her identity being wiped from the memory of humanity. She was, by now, used to strange occurrences which defied explanation. Gregory, however, did not have that preparation. His previous rage had not left him but had merely curdled within him into a curious mixture of every negative and confused emotion imaginable. Beneath his muscular frame was a mind ready to burst with frustration. 
Both characters spent a full minute in gobsmacked silence simply staring at the door. The scene was like watching two cats interrupted in the middle of a stand-off: the previous hostilities were not quite forgotten, but temporarily superseded by something more important.
Their silence was interrupted by the pantomime arrival of two police officers. They rushed into the interview room bumping into each other like two clowns at a circus. When they had entered the room, they tried to regain their composure with only partial success and to put on an air of respect and authority before their audience.
It was the same pair who had interviewed Kathy the night before in connection with Thomas’ murder. On the left stood a middle-aged gentleman with a curled moustache and a beer belly. He stood in a military manner, clearly attempting to show off the dignity of his station- but instead showing off the size of his gut. His eyes were hidden in shadows deep in their sockets, behind a large, crumpled nose and underneath an oversized policeman’s helmet.
His partner was much younger, much slimmer and much more feminine. She wore the expression of one who wishes things could be different- specifically that her partner could be different. He, clearly, was a buffoon. At least, he was considered one by his colleagues. It was legible in her body language that she was ashamed to be assigned with him. She made a visible step away from him and leaned her body in the opposite direction. 
She had a pretty face: a petite nose, full lips, blue eyes and striking eyelashes. A lock of blonde hair fell from beneath her helmet. She was no bimbo, though. Her expression was one of severity. It was clear that she would take no nonsense.
The male police officer began to address Kathy in a Monty Pythonesque voice:
“Kathy Turner, I have here a warrant for your arrest for the murder of Thomas Wilson. You have the right to remain silent, but anything you fail to say now may be used against you as evidence in court. Come with us, please.”
Kathy sat there in utter shock. She glanced at Gregory, and suddenly the tension had disappeared. They looked into each other’s eyes and suddenly began to smile; then to giggle; then to chortle; then to laugh hysterically, uncontrollably, embarrassingly…
“What’s so funny?” huffed the police officer. “Come with me at once!”
“Murder is a very serious offense, ma’am,” chimed in the female officer. “It’s no laughing matter.”
She motioned to grab Kathy’s wrist and pull her away. At this, Kathy regained control of herself and beckoned for her to stop. When she did not do so, Kathy began to panic and shouted,
“Wait! Wait! You can’t arrest me for murder when the man’s not dead!”
The female police officer stopped, but only for a millisecond. 
“Not dead?” she smirked. “Come off it, you’re coming with me.”
She continued to pull on Kathy until she had fallen out of her chair and was being dragged across the floor towards the door. The male police officer, though, motioned to his colleague to stop.
“What do you mean he’s not dead?” he asked incredulously.
“I… I don’t know,” admitted Kathy. “But just one minute before you came in here to arrest me, someone else poked her head round the door and told us the news.”
The male police officer paused for a moment to ponder. “This makes no sense,” he opined. “But, if the victim isn’t dead, there can be no murder…”
His colleague seemed exasperated. “Oh, come off it!” she yelled. “Of all the cheap tricks to get out of an arrest, I can’t believe you’d even consider this! We’ve reviewed the evidence ourselves; we’ve seen the coroner’s report- he’s dead. And this woman was the only person on the scene when he died. So she’s our prime suspect!”
The male officer was still pondering, so his colleague continued, “It’s obviously a not-so-clever ruse to stall us and escape before we can arrest her. Let’s haul her”- when she said her, she almost spat the word out- “to the station and get her into court.”
“I don’t know…” said the male officer. After a short while of thinking, he resolved something in his head and announced, “Just in case my colleague is right, we’ll handcuff you anyway. But in the interests of your defence, we’ll let you attempt to prove your claim that your alleged victim isn’t really dead.”
His colleague slapped the palm of her hand on her forehead in disbelief. She could not fathom why he was even taking this murderer’s desperate plea seriously. Yet he was her commanding officer. She had no choice but to obey.
“It’d be very embarrassing to take someone to court for murder when their victim isn’t even dead,” said the male officer by way of justification. It didn’t appease his colleague, though; she folded her arms in an aggressive manner and refused to look at him.
“Look, if it makes you feel any better, you can be the one to cuff her,” he smiled at her. He had clearly intended this as a peace offering, but instead it came across as patronising, like a father offering his daughter some sweets because she didn’t get to press the button at the traffic lights. This made his colleague’s mood even worse.
Which was unfortunate for Kathy. Being cuffed by an angry woman who openly despises you is never a pleasant experience. Kathy could swear that her aggressor deliberately put more force into it than usual. The cold steel dug into her flesh painfully as the key turned in the lock and she realised she was at the mercy of her captors.
“Well, then, take me to the living Thomas,” smiled the male officer.
Kathy stood up and proceeded to walk out of the room. The male police officer walked one pace behind her, just adjacent to the female officer who kept on rudely kicking and knocking Kathy’s shins. Gregory, for his part, also followed- although at a distance. The look on his face was like that of a man stalking a curious and fascinating animal, who cares little for its fate except that he be present to witness it. 
The four of them walked out into an empty newsroom. It seemed as if everyone had left in an almighty hurry within the last minute or so: computer chairs were still spinning; laptop screens displayed half-finished research and articles; papers were strewn all over the floor. Everyone had, apparently, abandoned work immediately when the news of Thomas’ resurrection had spread and gone to see if it was true.
The noise from the foyer confirmed that the staff had not disappeared into thin air. An excited hustle and bustle could be heard of anxious whispers and jittering feet. Kathy reasoned that they should go there, and the other three followed in their respective manners.
The newsroom door opened onto a chaotic scene. On the other side of the foyer was an elevator which people used to get to and from the ground floor entrance. Though barely visible through the thronging crowd, Kathy could make out three figures standing in the elevator: two of them were supporting their friend in the middle, who seemed to be struggling to balance. Yet Kathy could not get a clear view for a mob of about fifty people was crowded into this comparatively small lobby. She had barely made any movement into the foyer from the newsroom before she had to stop at the edge of the mass of bodies. However, over their heads Kathy could make out the slumped head of a man with messy brown hair: Thomas’ hair. 
Was he still dead, though? The head was not moving. She could make out two other bodies either side of Thomas, clearly supporting the body between them… because it was weak, or because it was limp? Still Thomas’ head did not move. She glanced at the faces of his companions: they both looked like bouncers, with wide jaws and bald scalps. Their expressions were emotionless. She could tell nothing.
Suddenly, his head swung up, and Kathy could make out the face of her friend Thomas, alive. Alive! She allowed the word to float through her synapses, cleaning away the filth of her recent traumas like a strong detergent. And it was him, too. She remembered how, when she had seen him last night, he had been the body of Thomas but possessed the words and mannerisms of a stranger. Looking through the crowd now at the weak but hopeful gaze of his visage, she knew it was him. No doubt.
He seemed to be glancing around, searching for something or someone. The crowd before him was jubilant, amazed, in awe of the miraculous man who had defeated death. Yet he seemed uninterested in their attention. He presently whispered something in the ear of the man on his left and was released by his attendants to stand on his own two feet.
He quickly regained composure. The expression of fatigue swiftly disappeared and he dusted down his suit before turning his attention to the people before him.
The throng in front of him waited with baited breath. A myriad of identical, shocked faces were frozen before him as if unsure what to do and how to react. His eyes scanned the scene for anyone he knew, and he found many: friends and colleagues who had made his time here worthwhile; cleaning, catering and temporary staff whose faces he recognised but just couldn’t place- yet the majority of the crowd were strangers to him. Working in such a big organisation, you can never know everyone.
Nevertheless, everyone knew him: the dead reporter who had come back to life. He gave a weak smile and the floodgates opened: the crowd surged forward, everyone wanting to hug him, to greet him, simply to touch him. For five minutes, he had become a messiah figure.
A fat, bald man he knew only as Larry grasped onto him in a crushing embrace before being pushed away by the oncoming masses. A woman he recognised as Tanya, who worked in accounts, kissed him on the cheek, tears streaming down her face. His boss, Harcroft, gave him a firm handshake and said, “Well done, old boy!” before marching away. 
And Thomas was walking through the crowd, slowly pushing his way past his well-wishers. One person, whom he did not recognise, asked him in a weak voice, “What was it like?”
Thomas stopped, and everybody did the same: they wanted to hear his story.
“Death, you mean?” he clarified. “I… don’t remember. I didn’t see a white light or anything. I was just alive, and then I woke up ten minutes ago to be told that I had been dead.”
His questioner seemed disappointed and wandered off. Still, the crowd’s jubilance resumed and he continued to push his way through, shaking hands and giving embraces… and then he reached the edge.
And he saw her. The frazzled, ginger hair; the pale complexion; the strong, yet tired, expression on her face- yes, this was Kathy all right. 
“Kathy!” he suddenly yelled in excitement, and rushed forward to greet her.
Well, I say “rushed”. There needs to be some clarification around this point: Thomas had spent the night as a corpse. His physical body was, therefore, not in good condition- so what counted for “rushing” by him actually appeared as stumbling and almost falling several times.
Kathy was taken aback. Yes, this was Thomas- and he remembered her! Not like last night, when he had merely recognised her name from the paper before him. This Thomas before her had physical memories of her, of her personality, of times they had spent together. He recognised her as he would a friend.
Yet nobody else did. Thomas was not the only person she had ever met or worked with in her time as a journalist- so why could he remember her, but the rest of the staff remained clueless as to her identity? This puzzled her… but for the moment, her curiosity was overtaken by joy- immense, boundless joy at having found her friend and having found someone who recognised her. Maybe she wasn’t insane after all, she ventured; she felt as if she had regained her identity. A strange sensation occurred within her whereby she felt like she was being filled up with something cool and refreshing, like warm milk, to wash out the pain and confusion she had recently been through.
This was all in Kathy’s head; yet in the outer, physical world, Thomas had just reached her and embraced her like an old friend he had not seen for a long time. She smiled. 
His head was drooped. It seemed the effort of walking had been a little too much for him, and he now needed Kathy for physical support to prevent him from collapsing. Still, he was smiling too.
Kathy looked down and saw that he was wearing the same tattered suit as last night- and she noticed blood. That was new- but, now she thought of it, it had been there last night too. She had simply not noticed it, yet now it seemed a crucial detail: what had happened to him while he had been possessed, or mad? Where had the blood come from?
“Thomas,” she ventured caringly. “Where did this blood come from on your shirt? What happened to you?”
He lifted his head and looked into her eyes in an exhausted gaze. His whole face seemed to be straining with the effort of not losing his grip on her and falling off: certainly his mouth appeared to be struggling not to sag as he spoke.
“I don’t know,” he confessed. “The last thing I truly remember is being at home with my mother, and…”
His eyes began to wonder. “Mother…” he uttered absent-mindedly. “Is she here? Is  dad…”
And then he remembered. The relief of being alive, and being him had clearly sheltered him from the memory of his father’s death. Presently his mother, who had been waiting in the foyer, arrived. Having aggressively pushed her way through the crowd she held her son in her arms. She practically snatched him from Kathy’s grasp and gave her an evil, accusing look.
“I don’t know who you are, miss,” she declared. “But you stay away from my son!”
“She’s a friend, mum. Leave her alone,” said Thomas drily. He was not crying, but the grief was tangible in his voice.
Kathy sensed that this was a private moment between mother and child, and so she turned away. She felt secure now. Thomas recognised her and was happy to see her. He had instantly become a sort of rock, or anchor, for her- a safe point that reminded her with certainty that she was definitely not insane. Or else, he was insane too, in exactly the same way. It didn’t really matter, though- either way, she was no longer alone.
As she turned, she noticed her entourage still standing behind her: the two policemen and the cynical Gregory. She knew what she had to do. The three of them had refused to believe her story earlier. The police, based on her testimony, thought her downright mad- which would have been to her advantage at trial. If she had been found guilty of murder, at least she would have had a very strong case for pleading insanity. 
Gregory, too, had refused to believe her. His expression was rather amusing at the moment: his mouth was contorted in a part confused, part angry, part panicked expression. He had previously called her a mad homeless lady with whom he would have no dealings- and it was easy to see why. He had understandably been more suspicious than welcoming, given that she mysteriously had details of his life story on a piece of paper and did not seem to be telling the truth.
Yet now, it was clear his mind had been changed- or, rather, confused. The story of being forgotten by the world and then meeting Thomas (claiming to be him), who gave her this sheet of paper, seemed more plausible in light of his resurrection. Gregory was beginning to get a taste of how Kathy had been feeling when reality slowly started to unravel for her and the most bizarre occurrences could feasibly be real.
Kathy approached the police first. The female police officer looked gobsmacked and restless- but her male colleague seemed unaffected. He would not have looked out of place with a piece of corn or wheat sticking out of his mouth as he nonchalantly chewed it. 
“I need your help to investigate TGN,” she declared boldly.
The female police officer looked at her speechless. Her body posture was defensive; it was as if she had been frozen in shock, like a wild animal before headlights.
Her colleague, however, gazed directly into Kathy’s eyes. He was a tall man, so it felt very much like he was looking down at her. Kathy didn’t like the feeling.
“No can do, I’m afraid,” he said succinctly. He casually threw a piece of gum in his mouth and returned his gaze to the scene before him: honestly, nothing much was happening anymore. Thomas was still having a heart-to-heart with this mother, and, embarrassed by the awkwardness of a private scene in a public place, his crowd of devotees had resorted to chatting amongst themselves. The atmosphere was full of awe at having witnessed a miraculous resurrection.
“Why not?” asked Kathy, puzzled.
“Well, you see, we’re the police. Our job is to enforce the law. And on this occasion, I can’t see that the law has been broken,” he explained.
Kathy turned her gaze towards the female police officer, dumbfounded. She was beginning to understand her clear frustration with her colleague. This man was a buffoon.
She didn’t need to explain about the links with TGN to the pair before her, for she had already gone into too much detail in the interrogation last night. They already knew that TGN had been the company who abducted Thomas; that he had been found babbling outside their offices last night before keeling over, dead. To her mind, there was a clear, prima facie case for investigating their links with the…
…with the what, exactly? “Murder” didn’t cut it anymore- Thomas was no longer dead, and he didn’t seem to have been killed by anyone. Although the paramedics and doctors couldn’t find an explanation for his condition, there was no evidence that anyone had taken his life deliberately.
And yet, as Kathy thought about it, there was. He had seemed terrified of the CCTV cameras and had seemed to expect what was coming. But how could he have been killed, assuming someone had wanted him dead? Was he telling her too much? Did they want to shut him up? 
The mind of the police officer seemed untroubled by such questions.
“Ma’am, our job is to investigate murders,” he continued. “And your friend here has clearly not been murdered. He is alive.”
It was as simple as that, apparently. But Kathy would not give up at that.
“But he was dead!” Kathy exclaimed. “In very suspicious circumstances! We have just seen a miracle here, mister… what do I call you?” She suddenly realized that the pair before her had not introduced themselves to her at all.
“Detective Inspector Sainsbury,” said the male officer before her. “And this is my colleague, PC Dodsworth.”
His female colleague gave a weak smile and returned to her shocked state. She was recovering, though- every so often she would try to return to her previously aggressive, professional demeanour, but each time the enormity of the situation set her back into a shocked stupor, so that she stood there with mouth agape and arms spread behind her, as if frozen while backing away from something terrible.
“Look, detective inspector, we have seen a miracle today, but the fact of the matter is that this man”- at this point she indicated at Thomas- “spent the night as a corpse, and when I met him yesterday he was confused and thought he was someone else. This man was dead, and in very suspicious circumstances. When I met him, he seemed terrified of something. I think he was expecting to be killed, to be honest. That’s a possible murder- or, given that he’s standing with us today, at least attempted murder. Surely it’s your job to investigate?”
“Nope,” he replied simply. “A living man cannot be the victim of murder. The case is closed.”
“PC Dodsworth?” she implored desperately. “Surely you don’t agree?”
“Wha-?” came the reply. Evidently, Dodsworth was in such a state of shock that she was unable to think straight or reply properly. Kathy uttered a guttural shriek in frustration and approached Gregory.
“Gregory, surely you’ll be able to help?”
The man looked unsure. Thomas’ resurrection had partially moved his mind towards investigating TGN, but he was still very suspicious of the woman before him. Thomas was alive… but why had he died? It remained a fact that Kathy had been the last person with him before his death. Gregory’s curiosity had been pricked, but he did not want to work with this woman in his investigation.
So he grunted at her. He simply grunted. His arms were folded, and his forehead was furrowed, as if he was deep in thought.
Kathy uttered another shriek of frustration and turned away. These people were impossible. 
She felt a tap on her shoulder and saw that moustachioed detective Sainsbury standing behind her. 
“We’re going to go now,” he explained. “Sorry for the inconvenience.”
With that, Detective Inspector Sainsbury and PC Dodsworth began to make their way through the crowd towards the elevator and back to the police station. Kathy knew she wouldn’t be seeing them again.
She was at a loss what to do. Gregory was being uncooperative- and to be honest, Kathy wasn’t sure that she trusted him, either- and Thomas was still having a heart to heart with his mother. He was the only person in the world who remembered who she was, so she decided to simply wait for him to finish so that they could talk.
He spent a further five minutes with his mother. They were sitting down on a pair of armchairs next to each other. Kathy couldn’t hear the conversation, but it was clearly emotional: she could guess they were talking intermittently about his father, and about what had happened to him. Aside from Kathy, his mother had been the most worried and the most hysterical. After all, she had been there when her son had mysteriously walked into a strange vehicle, never to be seen again.
After five minutes, Thomas hugged his mother and walked over to Kathy. His face was tear-flecked and his eyes large. His lips were twitching every so often, like he might cry.
“Kathy,” he opened earnestly. “What happened to me? I mean, I remember that afternoon at home when I went missing. I remember a man coming to the door and talking to me… although what he was saying, I forget… and then I remember walking with him outside into his vehicle. But I remember it as if it was another man doing it, as if I was an observer in the back of my head. Or…”
His trail of thought drifted off as he considered another possibility. Clearly, it was so horrific a possibility to him that he chose not to say it- but his face turned deathly pale and his pupils grew fantastically fast as he thought about it. This worried Kathy, but she chose to let him keep talking.
“Then my memories come back and I’m in a strange office block. I’m… I’m in a seminar room, and there’s a presentation about… something… then there’s a man, and a woman, before me… they’re shouting at me, and trying to make me remember something… or forget something…”
“Where was this?” Kathy implored. “Was it at TGN?”
“TGN?” asked Thomas blankly.
“When I found you last night, you were pacing up and down outside the offices of an organisation called simply TGN. And you were muttering about how TGN is not the enemy and you were holding three sheets of paper. And… you were convinced you were someone called Gregory.”
At this last detail, Thomas turned deathly pale again. He folded his armed as if to hug himself, to comfort himself from whatever thoughts were going through his mind. Kathy was worried.
“Thomas,” she asked. “Are you okay?”
“Yes, yes, I’m fine,” he dismissed her. “I just… I’m fine.” He gave a weak smile, and that was that.
“Where are these papers?” he asked imploringly.
“He has them,” said Kathy, indicating towards Gregory. 
And when Thomas’ eyes met Gregory’s face, he froze. For a whole minute he stared fixatedly at the stranger before him, and then he approached him slowly, carefully, nervously, as one would approach a dangerous animal. Gregory, for his part, noticed, and adopted a defensive stance- but Thomas was not going to hurt him.
Presently Thomas neared Gregory. The two men were so close, their noses might have touched. Gregory looked disturbed.
“What do you want?” he demanded in a gruff voice.
Thomas, though, was in no mood for replying. Something about Gregory’s features was fascinating to him, intoxicating… his fingers began to trace the contours of the stranger’s face: the nose, the eyes, the moustache, the mouth… and Thomas’ mouth began to open, agape, astonished…
“Get off me! What do you want?” demanded Gregory once more.
“There’s something so familiar…” muttered Thomas incomprehensibly. “Like there’s something speaking to the base of my soul… my mind can’t understand it, but my instincts are abuzz…”
“Thomas?” asked Kathy, worried. “What’s going on?”
He drew away from Gregory quickly, but still as white as a sheet. “I think I’ve seen a ghost,” he said incomprehensibly, and then gave a small chuckle. “But what of these papers you mentioned?”
“They’re in the interview room,” said Gregory. “I left them there. I’ll go get them.” He left abruptly, evidently in a hurry to get away from this pair of nut jobs before him.
Gregory was gone for little more than a minute before he returned with the three sheets of paper in his hand. He handed them over to Thomas quickly, before making a hasty retreat into some hidden corner of the newsroom.
Thomas pored over the papers intently. He spent a long while thinking about the paragraph on Quantum Brain Dynamics- a concept which required much thought, for he was no scientist. Kathy watched with interest as his face- animated, as ever- went from puzzlement, to frustration, to a sudden Eureka moment, and back to thoughtful consideration.
It took close to ten minutes before he was done with the scientific part of the text- then he moved onto Gregory’s bio. This took him little more than a minute to digest, but his expression was one of constant puzzlement. This expression did not leave him as he read his own biography- although he did nod or shake his head at regular intervals as he saw details he liked or disagreed with.
“And I… I gave this to you?” he asked Kathy with a thoughtful expression.
“Yes,” she replied. “You seemed very attached to it. Kept on looking back at it and reading it as if it was something very important to you. You insisted on giving it to me, too. It was… well, I suppose it was the last thing you said to me before you… died.”
“And these notes- who wrote them?”
“I assumed you did,” answered Kathy.
“Yes, but it’s not my handwriting,” snapped back Thomas irritably. He was deep in thought now and had no time for politeness.
“Well, you weren’t exactly you last night. You kept insisting you were Gregory. I don’t know what had happened to you- whether it was some sort of schizophrenia or multiple personality disorder thing, or something else- but maybe your alter ego also had alter handwriting.”
“Gregory… I said I was Gregory?”
“Yes.” Suddenly something struck Kathy. “That man you were… examining with great interest- why were you doing that?”
“I don’t know. He just looked familiar. I can’t explain rationally why I was doing it, but it felt like my soul and his had some sort of link.”
Kathy pondered for a bit. “I never introduced him to you, did I?”
“No,” replied Thomas. “Who was he?”
“His name is Gregory.”
Silence ensued. Neither knew what to make of this, but it seemed that somehow the two persons of Thomas and Gregory were, indeed, linked.
“I came here to get some help to investigate TGN,” Kathy continued. “I met him when I got here. I mean, he was assigned to my story. He’s new here- I’ve never seen him before. Anyway, I showed him the papers I’ve given you and the Gregory mentioned on there is him. That’s his life story.”
Thomas grew pale once more. His pupils had shrunk and he looked like a scared, lost rabbit. He stared down at the papers before him with astonishment.
“You say I was kidnapped by TGN, and then found outside their headquarters with these papers in my hand, insisting that my true identity is that of a man I’ve only just met… and the biography on here fits his life exactly…”
“I think maybe it had something to do with the first thing on there about… about Quantum Brain Dynamics,” Kathy interjected. “But I don’t understand it.”
 Thomas pored over the papers once more. “But the side notes don’t just mention TGN,” he noticed. “They also talk about something called Cybertech Industries…”
Now it was Kathy’s turn to become deathly pale. Cybertech Industries. Suddenly, from somewhere in her unconscious mind, came the repressed memory of that awful day when all this had begun… that day when Arnold had… had violated her. She remembered the conversation he had been having with his two friends, and how Cybertech Industries had been mentioned by one of them. She could not remember who, though, and honestly did not want to dwell any longer on that night. Already she could feel the emotions associated with that day returning, and did not want them to reach the surface.
“We need to investigate this,” he declared suddenly. “And we need to start at TGN. The police won’t help us, so we need to do it ourselves.”
“Agreed,” said Kathy drily. 
“I’ll come with you,” came a voice from behind them. The pair of them swivelled on the spot to see Gregory standing behind them. Evidently, he had returned from his hidden corner and heard some of their conversation. “This man, Thomas, was found outside their offices with a sheet of paper with my details on it. I want to know why. I want to know why they have been collecting my details, why they gave it to him and why he ended up thinking he was me.”
Thomas and Kathy nodded. They needed all the help they could get. Although Kathy and Gregory did not fully trust each other yet, the three of them were united by a common purpose: Thomas, to find out what had been done to him in his forgotten days; Kathy, to discover what had befallen her friend and if TGN or Cybertech had any links to what had been happening to her recently; Gregory, to uncover why and how his dead colleague had come back to life, and why he had been given a sheet of paper with Gregory’s life details on it. Their investigation was just beginning, but all three of them now had a plan: to start tomorrow, and to start at the headquarters of the mysterious TGN.



Chapter 11
Two weeks, four days ago
Kathy stood at the entrance of TGN’s headquarters. She checked her watch: it was dead on nine o’clock in the morning. Right on time. She couldn’t allow herself to pause or to appear nervous. If this was to work, she would have to appear confident, seamless, streamlined.
She glanced to her left and right as she prepared to walk towards the rotating doors: nobody was there. She sighed. How she wished Thomas and Gregory could have come along with her for support! But there was no use in her wallowing. The decision had made sense. They could not accompany her.
She remembered the conversation well. The three of them had met up the previous day at eight a.m. in the morning to discuss tactics. They had chosen a nondescript little café in which to meet. They would have breakfast together and discuss work, just like any other group of friends or colleagues who were meeting there. Their chief concern was not to raise any suspicion.
“So how do we get in there?” Gregory had asked. “Do we sneak in?”
“Sneak in?” Thomas had balked. “No, the best way is simply to walk straight in through the front door. If you look confident, like you’re meant to be there, then nobody asks questions.”
So that is what Kathy had to do: look confident, like she was meant to be there. Not easy when you’re about to enter the offices of the organisation which had kidnapped her best friend and messed with his mind. This place had other associations for her, too- it was very near to where Arnold (she shuddered at the very thought of his name) had assaulted her. It was where she had found Thomas, at long last, only to watch him die. No, this place had no good memories for her at all.
The conversation had continued:
“So who goes in?” Gregory had asked.
“Well, all of us of course!” Kathy had jutted in hastily. “We need each other. I mean, we all need to go there. We all have an interest in what’s going on there.”
“I can’t go,” Thomas had admitted sullenly. “They know me there,” he explained. “I can’t exactly go in undercover when they know me as the man they kidnapped and held for several days. I’d be recognised straight away.”
Kathy had looked at him gobsmacked. His admission had shocked her, for she couldn’t imagine going in alone with Gregory- a man she still barely knew or trusted. Nevertheless, she had to agree with it: Thomas wouldn’t stand a chance in there.
“Neither can I,” Gregory had added. At this, both Thomas and Kathy had been surprised. “When you found Thomas,” he said, indicating towards Kathy, “he insisted he was Gregory. He insisted he was me. Now, granted, the information on the papers you gave me was limited. It appears that TGN couldn’t find any more information about me. But they know enough. They could recognise me, too.”
Thomas had nodded, but Kathy had been seething. 
“So I’m going in alone?” she had demanded, almost raising her voice. “So what was the point of bringing you two along?”
“Look, Kathy, you’ve got my support,” Thomas had said reassuringly. “I want to get to the bottom of this more than anyone. But I can’t go in there. I simply can’t. An investigator needs to be able to go undercover, and I… well, I can’t do that.”
“And I’m a reporter for a major national newspaper! We can give you a wire, and you can transmit everything you’re hearing to us from wherever you are. It’ll be as if we’re with you all the way.”
Kathy felt for the wire as she began to walk towards the building. She smiled. At least, in some small way, she was not alone. 
“And you’re the perfect undercover investigator,” Thomas had continued. “Nobody can remember you. You’re a nobody, an invisible person… sorry,” he had interjected when he saw Kathy’s look of offense. “I mean, you’ve told me about what happened to you- about how all memory of you has been wiped from the face of the planet. For some reason, I can remember you, but nobody else can beyond a vague feeling of having seen you before. And that makes you perfect for this mission.”
She smiled again. That, today, was some form of security: nobody could recognise her when she entered the lobby of TGN’s headquarters, because nobody could remember her- which was convenient, considering that she had been here once before, and then she had made quite a scene.
“So what’s the plan when I get in there?” Kathy had asked. “Alone?” She had punctuated this last word with such force that it made Thomas wince- although Gregory seemed unperturbed by it. “I mean, am I supposed to simply walk in there and say ‘Hi, I’d like to know what you do here’?”
“You’ve done undercover investigations before,” shrugged Thomas. “You know the drill.”
So Kathy had tried to use all of her contacts to find someone on the inside of TGN… that is, until she remembered her embarrassing condition. She had then asked Thomas, who had used Emile Johnson and Ellie Summers to find her a woman named Martha who worked as a cleaner there. She was a trusted friend of a trusted source, who would be willing to sneak her in, give her the relevant codes and access to all the information she needed. Thanks to Thomas, the plan was simple: she would walk in as if she belonged there, find Martha and find out what she needed to know, before leaving swiftly and reporting back.
“One final thing,” Kathy had queried. “Identity cards- what if I need one?”
It was afternoon when Kathy asked this. The basics of the plan had been agreed at the café meeting in the morning and Thomas had sorted out the contact during the day. News of Thomas’ resurrection had spread fast and everybody wanted to help the miracle man, so finding Martha had been a relatively easy affair. The three of them had met up after Thomas had finished work to finalise plans.
“You will meet Martha in the lobby,” Thomas had explained. “And she will give you a fake identity card. It will be borrowed from someone who is off sick that day, or something. Take a passport photo with you and some glue so that you can cover up her photo with yours.”
“Or something?” Kathy had queried. This had sounded a little too vague and blue sky for her taste. “That doesn’t sound very legit.”
“Well, it is,” Thomas had waved off her concerns. “I’ve worked with Martha before. She’s not a permanent cleaner there- she works for an agency, so she’s been at TGN for about two weeks now and will probably be transferred somewhere else in another two weeks. Trust me, she’s helped me out with other stories before and she’s never let me down.”
“How will I recognise her?” Kathy had asked.
“She’s large, she’s Asian and she’s got bright red hair. You can’t miss her. But if you do, look for the woman with a name badge saying ‘Martha’. ‘Martha Marsden’.” Thomas had smiled at this point. “I know you can do this, Kathy. I’m only sorry I can’t come with you.”
 So, that was the plan: Kathy was to meet Martha in the lobby, from whom she would procure some identification. She would then explore the building using Martha as a guide and find out anything she could about exactly what TGN did, and about anything specifically related to Thomas’ case.
It sounded easy in theory. But then, theories never do work in practice.
Still, she put one foot in front of the other until she reached the rotating doors behind which lay all the answers.
As she began to walk, she noticed that she was not alone. Up until now, she had been engrossed in her thoughts so that she had not been aware of her surroundings beyond what was necessary to ensure her anonymity. Now, though, she noticed that she was surrounded by a steady crowd of suited workers also walking into the TGN building. The tide of people was constantly ebbing and flowing as people were entering and leaving the building in a regular cycle. This both reassured and worried Kathy: on the one hand, she would not appear conspicuous within such a vast crowd; on the other hand, what if someone in the crowd noticed that she were a stranger and raised the alarm?
She had raised this concern to Thomas the night before, but he had simply waved her off before explaining,
“Look at the size of the TGN building. How many people do you think work there? Hundreds, probably. There is no way that any one person could or would recognise his every co-worker. You’ll be fine.”
So in she went, disguising her nerves with some careful acting. She reached the rotating doors and passed through without a hitch.
Once inside, it felt different from when she had last been here. Then, she had been panic-stricken and disoriented. Her last visit had been just after Arnold’s assault and she had to be dragged away by the police due to her heightened emotional state. Now, however, she could look around and take stock of her surroundings: nay, she had to, if this mission was to be successful.
She stood at the entrance of a vast lobby. It was pentagonal in shape with an elaborate spiral staircase in the left-hand corner of the room. It was a dazzling silver colour, glinting in the sunlight which was streaming in through the huge windows that dominated four of the five sides of the room. On the right-hand side was the reception desk. Kathy smiled and winced at the same time as she remembered her last visit nostalgically, when she had broken down in tears before the poor receptionist. It was the same woman on duty today: she recognised the lazy nail-filing and the brazen hairstyle which complemented the receptionist’s thin face. Her head resembled a tree in some ways, with her face as the trunk and her hair as a sprawling, willowy mess of blonde hair. Kathy gulped at the thought that she may be recognised, but remembered that she was now the “invisible woman”- nobody could recognise her.
The carpet was red. It had a professional look and felt springy and soft under her feet. There was a sort of red-carpet-walkway effect leading towards the five elevators which were on the fifth wall in the lobby. They were straight in front of her, and most people were not even bothering to register at reception and were merely heading straight for the elevators, eager to begin their day’s business. 
Kathy had spent too long standing in one spot and glancing around. She noticed the eyes of her new colleagues looking back at her with mildly quizzical expressions but she did not panic. She figured that nobody would recognise her but that this would not raise suspicion as they may simply assume that she was a new employee. With this in mind, she gave an apologetic smile and began to walk with the crowd.
Not too swiftly, though. She knew that once she reached the elevators, she would need an ID card to survive, and for that she needed to find Martha. Her eyes darted about the place- what had Thomas said? She scanned her memory: she was looking for a large Asian woman with red hair. How hard could that be to find?
Apparently, quite hard. She was walking unnaturally slowly and was again gaining the attention of her fellow workers. This was not how it was supposed to be- in fact, this was the very opposite of how an undercover mission should be going. Still, she needed time to scan the room with her eyes and find her contact.
It was nine o’clock in the morning, and the lobby was full. It was rush-hour and everybody was arriving at work. With that in mind, it was not surprising that all she could see as she gazed around was a more or less constant sea of black suits and corporate hairstyles. A large Asian lady with red hair… how tricky could she be to find?
She thought she had found her mark when she spied the back of a large woman with red hair, but as her target turned Kathy saw that she was Caucasian, not Asian. Half way across the room was another lady wearing a suit who fitted the bill of an Asian with red hair, but who was in fact quite skinny. This was tricky.
Kathy was almost at the elevators now, and she was close to panicking. Where was her contact? The mission could not succeed without her…
Suddenly, a tap on the shoulder: she did an about-turn on the spot, and there she saw her.
Martha should have been obvious. She was large, bordering on obese. She had an Indian complexion. And she had red hair. Her natural colour it clearly was not, for it was bright and neon and little flecks of black hair were showing through on her scalp which needed to be retouched. Moreover, as she was a cleaner, she did not have the standard black suit worn by corporate types: rather, she wore a set of turquoise overalls and had with her a trolley containing all her cleaning equipment. If that hadn’t been enough, the large name-badge with the word “Martha” on it should have been a give-away. In a sea of mainly thin, mainly Caucasian and mainly male office workers all wearing suits, she should have been clear a mile off.
Kathy was so relieved she wanted to hug her. But this was an undercover mission, and she realised that the suits did not interact with the cleaning staff. She had already aroused the curiosity of her colleagues once this morning; she did not want to do it again. With that in mind, the exchange was furtive. Kathy gave Martha a slight nod, which Martha returned. She then furtively handed over the passport photo which Martha stuck onto a stolen ID card with remarkable speed, and which Martha handed back with utmost secrecy. Watching this woman work was incredible: her profession was cleaning, but Kathy ventured that her true calling should have been magic. Martha’s sleight of hand was impressive.
Kathy examined her new ID card. For today, she would be called Eve Thompson. The card gave sparse details about her identity, except that she was born on 5th February 1981 and worked on the fourth floor in the research and development department. Beyond that, this woman was an enigma.
“She’s off sick today,” explained Martha in a hushed voice and thick accent. “And she’s only recently been transferred to that department. If you go there and say you’re Eve Thompson, nobody will suspect you.”
“Thank you,” Kathy smiled. There followed an awkward silence as Kathy was unsure what to do from here. She had been told that Martha would be her guide once she was inside, but the woman in front of her simply stared blankly back at her. She seemed as clueless as Kathy. Both women were conscious of the tension of the situation: a suit and a cleaner staring awkwardly at each other in the foyer would arouse suspicion, no doubt. So something needed to happen quickly.
The ridiculousness of her situation suddenly dawned on Kathy. This was an undercover mission, which required that she be hidden and inconspicuous as possible- yet she had already drawn attention from the other workers here at least twice, and was doing so once more. She had been told that Martha would be her guide, but how suspicious would an unrecognised newbie trailing a temporary cleaner look? She bit her lip in thought.
Martha was no help. “Bye. Good luck,” she suddenly said. Kathy was taken aback, but before she could respond the woman had disappeared. It amazed Kathy how easily a woman who should stand out could blend into the crowd and hide at a second’s notice.
She felt alone and lost, but she deliberately strengthened her will to hold out against her collapsing nerves. She had an ID card, and that was enough, she told herself. She had done other undercover work before and managed to blag her way around with less than that. So, she no longer had Martha- but to be honest, aside from the personal comfort of having company, being alone was an advantage.  She shut her eyes momentarily and took a deep breath to prepare herself.
She knew what she had to do. To avoid looking suspicious, she had to copy everyone else: enter the elevator, go upstairs and do some snooping.
The elevator was but five metres away. She had stepped off the pathway towards it when she had spoken to Martha, and now she stepped back on. When she was merely one metre away, however, her path was blocked.
A burly security guard stood before her. He was large like a Rugby player in that his overweight appearance was merely a front for the huge bulk of muscle underneath. His thin beard supported a mean-looking mouth whose lips curled cruelly downwards at the edge. He clasped his hands in front of his waist and raised his eyebrows as he gave Kathy a thorough looking over.
“May I see your ID, please?” he asked curtly.
Inwardly, Kathy panicked- but on the outside, she maintained an expression of calm and confidence. She began to worry that he had seen her exchange with Martha- but surely not? The sleight of hand had been too swift, too well done; Martha was too much of an expert to allow herself to be observed, or to create a shoddy product which would not pass inspection. That much Kathy expected from the sterling reference Thomas had given her. 
So, confidently, Kathy handed over her fake ID card to the guard. He looked it up and down twice, ran his finger over it and glanced at Kathy’s face for confirmation.
“Eve Thompson?” 
“Yes,” replied Kathy with a professional smile.
“I haven’t seen you round here before,” he said. If there was a voice equivalent of a poker face, he had it: she could not tell whether he was giving a friendly greeting to a new employee, or tacitly implying that he knew she shouldn’t be there. Still, she knew that the best way to get in somewhere was to simply act confidently like you had the right to be there- so she opted for the former option and chose to reply politely.
“I’ve recently been moved to a new department,” she explained.
“Which one?” he asked.
“Research and development.”
“Hmm,” he pondered. “Where were you before?”
She faltered. On the inside, she was panicking- where had Eve Thompson worked before? Think! But, wait, no- then she remembered that she could say anything, because she had to assume that this man did not know Eve Thompson, nor what other department she had worked at before. If he did know Eve, then she was already screwed. 
But what departments did TGN even have? Come to think of it, what did TGN even do? She couldn’t simply make up a department and hope for the best… but what else could she do?
Too long a hesitation would be a dead giveaway for a lie, so she chose to say the first thing in her head:
“Accounts,” she said quickly.
The security guard looked at her sceptically. “They moved you from accounts… to research and development?”
“Yes,” she nodded curtly, only half-conscious of what she was doing.
“I haven’t seen you round here before,” he repeated, but this time not even trying to mask his cynicism. He suspected her, and she knew it. 
“Well… lots of people work here,” she smiled. “You can’t be expected to recognise everyone.”
“No, I suppose that’s true,” he smiled. He seemed to go through a sudden and inexplicable change of heart. “Fair enough. Carry on.”
The guard stood out of her way and let her pass onto the elevator. She breathed a silent sigh of relief. Nevertheless, something didn’t sit right with her. Had the guard let her through because she was such a good actress, or because of some darker, more sinister motive? He had clearly suspected her. Or maybe he was a friend in disguise. For the moment, though, she chose not to allow such questions to trouble her.
She found herself in a lift with three other suited figures. There were two men and one woman. One of the men was a stranger to everyone on the lift, but the other man and the woman seemed to know each other well. They ignored Kathy’s presence completely except to ask her which floor she was heading for, and then returned to their conversation.
Kathy listened in- furtively, of course. She could not let herself be seen eavesdropping, but this conversation could give vital clues about where she was and what they did here.
The man was called Roderick and the woman was called Susan, from what Kathy could gather. They both worked together on the fifth floor- this they did not say, but she observed which button they pressed in the elevator. They did not say what they did on the fifth floor; rather, their conversation was rather banal.
“Did you go to Rachel’s party last night?” asked Roderick.
“No,” Susan replied. “I was too busy. Nathan and Nick were playing up all night. I couldn’t get them to bed until midnight.” She said this with exasperation. “Every night it’s the same.”
Roderick gave a look of sympathy. “You missed out,” he said. “Everyone was so psyched to have finished the Talcom case. It was like all these people, who had been so uptight and serious for the past six months, had suddenly let it all go. We had some mad times.”
And that was it. There were no vital clues, no hidden hints about what goes on where. All she had gathered was that two people called Roderick and Susan worked on the fifth floor and that Rachel, whoever she was, had a party last night.
In the absence of any conversation, Kathy spent her short time on the lift planning her strategy. She decided to play her part well. Without any other leads, she would pretend to be Eve Thompson, just transferred to research and development. She would go to research and development and introduce herself as Eve Thompson. She would present herself as a shy, retiring character, saying little but listening much. If there was a spare moment and enough intelligence, she would sneak into an office and rummage round in the files. She knew that somewhere in this building there would be folders relating to whatever had happened to Thomas and she was determined to find them.
The lift reached the fourth floor and she stepped out. Before her was a three-way junction with corridors going off to the left, to the right and straight on. There were signs on the wall indicating where the corridors led. She had only been told that her alias worked on this floor, but not in which department: so she did not know whether to go left to “Paranormal Investigations”; right to “Quantum development” or straight on to “Chemical Engineering”.
She stood there for a moment, baffled. All she knew of TGN at this point was that they were linked to Thomas’ disappearance, and that they had done something to him which caused him to suffer an identity crisis. With hindsight, this whole trip seemed grossly underprepared: she knew nothing of the structure or function or purpose of this organisation. None of these departments seemed at all relevant to Thomas’ case, and she had no idea where to go.
This building had twelve floors. It was entirely possible that her expedition to the fourth floor was a wild goose chase and that the relevant files and people were somewhere upstairs or downstairs. Still, the fourth floor is where she was, and she may as well start somewhere: so on a complete blind hunch she plumbed for “Paranormal Investigations”.
She turned left. The corridor was long and bland. The grey walls and dull lighting created a feeling like that of a dingy basement. On the walls, periodically, were paintings and posters of abstract art and vaguely uplifting sentiments. The lack of windows was striking, and Kathy instantly missed the natural light of the sun on her skin. Overall there was something depressing about the dark, banal feel of this corridor.
It occurred to Kathy how ordinary a building this was, considering how mysterious she had expected TGN to be. Sure, not many offices had a “paranormal investigations” department, but aside from that she could have been in any skyscraper or large office block. 
She neared the door. It had been a long walk down the corridor and she had become lost in her thoughts. As she gazed from side to side at the paintings and pictures on the walls, trying her utmost to keep alert to her surroundings, the door almost crept up on her: she had neglected to look in that most crucial of directions, forward. She stopped herself just millimetres before she would have banged her head and prepared herself.
This whole floor looked boring. After the dull, grey corridor she had passed through, she was now standing before a dull, grey door with a dull, grey label on which was written “paranormal investigations”. She mustered up the courage to play her part and opened the door.
She may as well have entered another time zone. The room before her was reminiscent of an office from the seventies. The carpet was a faded brown colour which was almost identical to that of the wallpaper. A flickering light hung from the ceiling and was swinging as if it had just been pushed by someone. The one good thing about this room was: light! On her right, where the wall should have been was a huge window overlooking the London skyline. After the long walk to this place, she almost bathed in the natural light now pouring over her.
There were three men in the room working. Two of them she could not see, for they were busy at their desks and had their heads turned away from her. One of them, however, instantly looked up when she entered and stood to greet her. He was a skinny fellow with unfashionable glasses, a scraggly beard and equally shaggy hair. His shirt was outdated and unkempt. His sweaty face appeared frazzled, like one who was so engrossed in his work that he would not allow himself a break.
“Martin. Martin Neuberger,” he introduced himself. “And you are…?”
“Eve Thompson,” Kathy smiled. She displayed her fake ID badge with nervous pride. “I’ve recently been moved to the fourth floor, although I’m not sure which department I’m supposed to be in…”
Martin moved towards his desk and shuffled through a few files. When he found the one he was looking for, he gave an unsure smile and returned to Kathy.
“Yes, I’ve got your files here,” he said. “You’re lucky. You’re in the right department. Your desk is over here.”
He beckoned her to move to her right, and what she saw pleased her. Her desk was easily the best in the whole office. While her three co-workers were relegated to three untidy tables on the darker side of the office behind a partition, Kathy’s desk was right next to the window. She could bathe in the natural light of the sun and, what’s more, her desk was of much superior quality: it was made from mahogany, had a degree of privacy from her colleagues and was larger than theirs by far. Kathy deduced that this Eve Thompson figure who she was impersonating must be someone comparatively important- say, a manager-type position, who had been sent here to supervise the researchers beneath her.
“We’re very excited to be working with you,” interjected Martin. “I read your paper on Out of Body Experiences. Very interesting. Very insightful. We’re looking forward to where your leadership will take our research.”
Kathy was bemused. “Er, thank you,” she said nervously. “I hope I can deliver on your expectations. Now, if you excuse me…”
She made her apologies and bid Martin to return to work, while she “set up her desk”. In actual fact, she was really after a bit of privacy so that she could mooch in this Eve’s drawers and computer files and, maybe, hopefully, find some clues about what had happened to Thomas.
The drawers yielded little evidence. They were simply full of rulers, paperclips, staplers and the like- but that was to be expected. In a modern office, even one which had the atmosphere of one from the seventies, everything was stored on computer. 
So, to the computer she went. Yet a problem arose which should really have been expected: the password. Obviously, an organisation like TGN was big on security… well, it should be, reasoned Kathy. Part of her worried that security had been too lax for her; that her entry had been too easy. Nevertheless, she needed Eve’s password to log into Eve’s computer. If she could not, her visit to the fourth floor would have been fruitless.
“Will you need this?” a thickly accented voice asked from behind her.
She started, and span round.  Yet she need not have worried: it was Martha.
“I am sorry for leaving you downstairs like that, but staff and cleaners don’t normally mix. It would have aroused suspicion,” she explained in hush tones. “But I knew you were coming to the fourth floor, so I came up here to clean. I expected to find you here, and here you are.”
She smiled. “Don’t worry- the others in this office don’t suspect a thing. They just think I’m cleaning your desk for you.” 
Kathy nodded and was glad. The partition wall between her and the three others was most comforting right now.
“Besides, they wouldn’t notice anyway. They’re all too wrapped up in their work. The people of the paranormal investigations department don’t have a reputation for being the most sociable.”
Suddenly Martha extended her hand towards Kathy. In it was a piece of paper with the password on it, and Kathy breathed a sigh of relief. She looked down at it: SPARKLEFISH_45. Her eyes were on the paper for but a second before she looked back up to Martha, but when she did so her contact had vanished completely. Martha was good.
With the password in hand, she logged onto Eve’s computer with ease and began a search for “Thomas Wilson” in the company files.
A result came up immediately in a folder called “The Cybertech Files”. She opened it up and read with astonishment:
Thomas Wilson, born 29th July 1988. Deceased 11th November 2011.
Deceased? But… Kathy checked her watch. The 11th November had been and gone almost two weeks ago- yet she had seen Thomas alive only the previous day. Puzzling.
There followed a lengthy biography of Thomas’ life, personality and experiences. She skimmed through it, but there was nothing new…
…until she reached the fourth page, where she found this entry:
In November 2011, shortly after his death, TGN began to be interested in Thomas’ case. We visited the house of his mother and picked him up after releasing his mind. After an intensive treatment lasting several days, we released him into the world with newfound knowledge of his situation. He was then mysteriously killed- presumably when Cybertech discovered what we had done- only to be brought back to life the following day, with the fallacy restored. He is currently alive, but mistaken. We will begin a mission with him shortly.
“We will begin a mission with him shortly…” Out of all the baffling, unclear content of this text, this one sentence stood out to Kathy. The text read like a report on an ongoing situation, submitted by an agent or employee working here. Clearly, whatever they had done to Thomas, they were planning more…
“We will begin a mission with him shortly…” Yet the word ‘mission’ implied Thomas was willing. It implied that he were some sort of double agent. She suddenly began to have doubts about whether she could trust him- indeed, this had been too easy. Martha and the fake ID card? And how people acted suspicious, yet allowed her on her way… maybe she had not sneaked in at all, she pondered. Maybe she had been allowed in, and TGN actually wanted her there- for some mysterious, sinister purpose, no doubt.
She began to feel the beginnings of panic inside her, but managed to calm it. She was preparing to leave when she noticed that the “Cybertech Files” had articles about other people, including herself and Gregory:
Gregory Smith, born circa 1989. Current status: in a time loop.
She scanned the article and, once more, found a paragraph which raised more questions than answers:
From the evidence we can gather, Gregory is stuck in a time loop which, for him, is infinite. He must be captured by Cybertech at some point in the future and then inserted into one of their machines, at which point we suspect Cybertech will use their temporal capacities. It is a most unfortunate situation for both him and Thomas.
Before she could allow herself to think on this too much, she checked her own file. It now seemed more and more likely in her head that this had been a trap of some kind- and perhaps her file would tell her just what kind of trap it was.
Like the other articles, Kathy’s contained her name, age, date of birth and basic details. She read through three pages of her life story, horrified that she had been a victim of their spying too, until she reached this paragraph:
We suspect that Kathy may attempt to infiltrate the building to investigate what has happened to herself and her friend. If she does, security has been given a mug shot of her face with which to recognise her. If she is seen, do not stop her. Allow her to continue with her undercover investigation. Management will find her and deal with her in due course.
Now the panic in her soul was writhing around like some untamed monster. It was hard for her to maintain a cool composure, but she knew one thing: she needed to escape. No longer certain whether Thomas was still with her or with TGN, no longer sure whether Martha had been helping her or simply leading her to where TGN wanted her to be, she stood up and began to walk briskly to the office’s exit and intended to simply walk into the elevator, go downstairs and leave.
Except it wasn’t that easy. As the turned the corner of the office’s partition wall, she saw her path blocked by four people: two burly security guards, one man with a pencil moustache and a woman with red hair and an equally red dress. The latter opened her mouth, smiled and announced to the office:
“Hi, I’m Eve Thompson. I’ve just been transferred here from the sixth floor.”
A hushed silence fell over the room. The two security guards were smiling at Kathy in an evil way: they already knew she was a fake. The moustachioed man was gazing at her as a parent looks at a naughty child. The office staff, previously engrossed in their work, suddenly all turned from their computer screens and gazed in shock at the two women before them, both of whom were, allegedly, Eve Thompson. 
The man put his hand on real Eve’s shoulder and smiled a thin smile with his thin lips. “I can assure you, gentlemen, that this is the real Eve, and that your Eve over there is an imposter,” he declared, now pointing towards Kathy. “Follow me, if you will, Miss Turner.”



Chapter 12
“I assure you, Miss Turner, you need not worry.”
This was the moustachioed man talking. The four of them- him, Kathy and the two security guards- were walking back down the dull, grey corridor Kathy had already walked down once. He was striding ahead of her and the security guards behind her. They kept jostling her and sniggering like overgrown school kids, and their muscular form meant that their pushes were not gentle. 
The moustachioed man, however, was different. He exuded an air of grace and charm. His thin body, pencil neck moustache and well kept suit, complete with kerchief, gave the impression of a Victorian dandy. All he needed was a top hat, and he would not have looked out of place in Dickensian London.
“We are not going to hurt you and we are not going to harm you. Rather, we need you. You are going to be vitally important for us.”
He turned as he said this, and Kathy got a first detailed look at his face. Despite the fact that he was her captor, his face was friendly and drew her in so that she could not help but believe his words and trust his intentions.
“You were meant to see the files you saw,” he continued. “You did not sneak in- we allowed you in. I must say, you would make a terrible spy. If we had wanted to catch you, we could have done so before you even walked in.”
“Nevertheless, it may now seem quite ironic that the mission we have for you is a spying mission. Perhaps we’ll have to train you,” he mused.
He turned his head back towards Kathy just as the two guards pushed her again and gave a childish giggle. “Oh, do pipe down,” he said, which silenced Kathy’s tormentors immediately: they stepped back and started to walk two paces further away from Kathy, sulking. 
“They act like children, but really they’re exemplary security guards,” explained the man. “Jeffrey and Charles they’re called. They’re from the nicest families. I don’t know what went wrong with them.”
He glanced back at them with an affectionate air, and they smiled at him sheepishly.
Presently the four of them reached the junction where Kathy had faced the blind choice between the three departments. Her guide stopped and turned to face her.
“My name is Douglas Carswell,” he introduced himself at last. “It is a rather famous name, carrying much dignity, but I think I wear it well. I work here at TGN and I am in charge of Thomas’ case.”
Kathy was gobsmacked by the whole experience of being captured here. She had expected rough guards, manhandling, a little bit of torture and psychological damage- yet instead she found herself being given a tour by her gentlemanly captor as if she were a dignified guest.
Douglas was standing in the junction and gazing at the wall with interest. “Do you know,” he opined, “that we always knew you would choose paranormal investigations? We put subtle psychological hints around this junction to move your unconscious mind in that direction.”
Kathy’s eyes darted around nervously. She could see nothing: nothing out of the ordinary, nothing different, nothing which she could fathom would direct her mind to making that choice. Suddenly she understood why her captor was so gentlemanly and friendly. He did not need to be rough or tough with her for he was so subtly clever that he knew he would get his way with her. He did not fight his battles with brawn, but with brain. 
“Come along,” he beckoned, and the caravan of four moved on. He led them down the corridor labelled “quantum developments”. It was equally as long as the previous one and looked identical in décor and design but it had a tangibly different atmosphere about it. Kathy glanced about desperately trying to find out why it felt different; what possible mind-tricks could have been installed here, which would be completely missed by her conscious mind only to subtly and unconsciously influence all her actions. She did not know what to do in this situation for she could not guess what TGN wanted her to do.
Their caravan of four became a caravan of five when Martha joined them. She appeared as if from nowhere, as always, and swiftly moved to the front to walk side by side with Douglas.
“Ah, have you met Martha?” he asked when he noticed her. “But of course you have. She was your contact here. A bit of a double agent, aren’t you dear?”
Kathy saw the back of Martha’s head nod but could not tell whether she did so willingly or grudgingly. It did not matter. Whether she was still on Kathy’s side or never had been, it would not change the fact that Kathy had been caught.
Finally the corridor ended and led into another open plan office. This one, however, was much more modern. It was light and airy and felt like it belonged in the 21st century. Busy men in suits and white coats rushed about through sliding doors, skilfully navigating their way through the maze of complicated looking laboratory equipment and secret testing rooms which took up most of the floor space.
Douglas led his party through one of the many doors leading out of this main area and into a conference room.
It was well lit and spacious. In the centre was a large, rectangular table with two people already sitting there: Thomas and Gregory. Kathy glared at them as she entered the room. She had never fully trusted Gregory. But Thomas? “We will begin a mission with him shortly” How could he be working with these people? How could he have betrayed her so, handed her over to TGN like Judas to her Jesus?
Douglas spied the way that Kathy was looking at her friend, and explained the situation:
“I know what you’re thinking, Miss Turner, but stop it. It’s wrong. Thomas is indeed working with us now, but I assure you that it is not willingly.” He paused and smiled a charming, yet vindictive smile. “You are all captives here.”
He sat at the head of the table and looked at each of his guests, or captives, individually. Charles and Jeffrey remained at the door to prevent any of them from escaping, but they were merely for show. Everyone there had a hidden fear of Douglas and knew instinctively that his psychological manipulation could keep them all right where he wanted them.
“Hello again Thomas,” he said. “Gregory.” He nodded politely at both of them. Thomas returned with a polite nod of his own, but Gregory sat there stationary like a stone, panic etched on his face.
“They were and are still on your side, Kathy, I assure you,” he repeated himself. “I found them both outside our offices in a van. They thought they could hide from us, bless.”
At this, Gregory shot Douglas a dirty look before returning to his steely look of frozen fear. Douglas didn’t flinch.
“Now, people, I suppose you’re wondering why you’re here,” he began. “Let me show you.”
Presently a canvas descended from the ceiling and Douglas pressed a button on a remote control to begin a slideshow which would baffle its audience from the start.
An image of a drab, grey building reminiscent of sixties architecture appeared on the screen and Douglas began:
“This is the headquarters of the organisation we are investigating known as Cybertech Industries. Their main business is designing car parts and microchips, but our intelligence tells us that this business only takes up the first three floors of the building. The rest of the block remains a mystery to us, and we suspect that they are responsible for the mysterious events you have all been experiencing.”
“Don’t be fooled by its drab exterior,” he continued. “They’re secretive, and so it’s natural that they want to keep an anonymous air. While their headquarters may look like any old tower block, there’s a reason for that. They do not seek fame because they do not need it. Instead, fame would be a problem to them: if word got out about what we believe they are doing, there would be public outrage.”
He clicked his remote control once more and a new image appeared on the screen. It was a puzzling one: it showed an artist’s impression of a room with a machine in it. In the centre was a bed on which a man was restrained and unconscious. His head was attached to a headset from which wires extended to the wall.
“This is their breakthrough,” explained Douglas. “It is called a Cortical Manipulation Matrix- we think. Someone on the inside leaked it to us, although we haven’t heard from her in a while. We’re guessing she’s had to lay low for a bit. We don’t fully understand how it works, but we know it has something to do with what happened to you, Thomas.”
Thomas’ attention was pricked and he looked straight at Douglas when his name was mentioned. His face wore a gormless expression: it was clear to Kathy that her two colleagues would be useless to her. So, she decided to take the stage herself.
“This doesn’t make sense,” Kathy blurted out. “Either you’re lying to us or hiding something from us, because I know you know more than you’re letting on. You’re acting like you know nothing about this place, this technology, but you must know much more than you’re letting on to have done to Thomas what you did.”
Douglas smiled. “Very perceptive, Miss Turner,” he admitted. “It is indeed true that we know more than we’re letting on, but I must confess we don’t know much more. To go deeper into it, you would all three of you require lessons in elementary quantum physics, and I’m afraid we don’t have enough time for that.”
“Anyway, that is why we need you. Our contact within Cybertech has provided us with enough information for a brief sketch of what’s going on in there, but we desperately need more detail if we are to bring them down. And I’m afraid this is a strictly need-to-know mission, so we cannot tell you too much.”
“Mission? What mission?” demanded Kathy brashly.
 “All in good time, Miss Turner,” patronised her gentlemanly abductor. “And may I take a moment remind you of the situation you find yourself in? I do not much like your attitude, and I occupy the position of power here. You are our captives. It does not do well to annoy one’s captors.”
“Ah!” he suddenly said, as if a burst of inspiration had come to him. “It also does not do one well to annoy one’s captives, either. We should all be friends here. Tea, anyone?”
He said it like a question, but meant it like an order. In reality none of them had any choice about whether they would get tea- rather, a cup of hot Earl Grey was simply placed on the table in front of each of them and they were expected to drink. Not that any of them would have refused, however, for Douglas had a sort of hypnotic quality to his voice which was imperceptible yet undeniable.
They began to sip, and Douglas continued with his presentation. “Your mission is to be our spies. We need you to infiltrate Cybertech Industries and report back to us on what you find. We will give you state of the art equipment, such as this:”
He held up a small, almost imperceptible disk in his hand and showed it off for all to see. “I suppose you’re wondering what this is,” he mused. “It is a contact lens- but no ordinary one. It also works as a camera. Each of you will be equipped with a pair of these, so that everything you see in Cybertech Industries will also be seen by me, on my laptop monitor.”
“It also means you can’t escape, because we can see everything you’re doing” was the obvious, sinister subtext, but nobody dared challenge him.
“You will be dropped off…” he trailed off, before turning his gaze to Thomas once more. Kathy followed his eyes and witnessed something odd happening. It was like the other night, when she had found him pacing in front of TGN’s offices: it was undeniably Thomas’ body, but it looked like it was inhabited by someone else. His mannerisms became that of another man and he wore his face differently, stressing different muscles and using different expressions.
In fact- and both Douglas and Kathy perceived it simultaneously- his mannerisms had become exactly that of Gregory. Despite looking entirely different physically (for Thomas was thin, Gregory was broad; Thomas’ face was long, Gregory’s round), it was like looking at twins. They were exactly mimicking each other’s actions.
“What have you done?” demanded Kathy. She did not yet understand what was happening, but held a firm conviction that Douglas did, and that he was probably responsible for it too.
Douglas, however, was shocked. It was the first time since Kathy had met him that he had lost his grace and succumbed to the deep storm of emotions ever swirling just beneath the surface of his mind.
“Jeffrey! Charles! Get him out of here at once! Take Thomas to the restoration room immediately!”
“You’re sending us to Cybertech…” mumbled Thomas almost inaudibly. He did not seem very pleased about it; rather, the thought gave him an expression identical to Gregory’s permanent look of frozen panic.
The two security guards grabbed Thomas roughly by the arms and began to drag him out of the room. He would not go quietly, though- he began to yell and scream, to shout and scratch… anything to escape the fate he knew lay in store for him if he did TGN’s bidding and went to Cybertech.
“But you can’t!” he yelled. “They’ll kill me if I go there! I’ve seen it already! You know it too, Douglas! You double crosser! You betrayer! You liar!”
“Shut him up!” barked Douglas at his goons, and they attempted to silence Thomas with their fists. Thomas, however, would not be silenced.
“Gregory! Kathy! Don’t go! It’s a trap!”
Douglas’ eyebrows were twitching involuntarily, but he tried to hide his passions and speak calmly. “Hush, Thomas,” he said trying to use soothing tones. “We both know what you’re talking about but your friends don’t. You don’t want to scare them now, do you? After all, you can’t escape the inevitable… or do you want to cause a paradox?”
Kathy’s brow furrowed in confusion. She had no idea what Douglas was on about, but apparently Thomas did. His words ceased. Frustration that was only seconds ago coming out in angry words was now  content to express itself in sobs and tears as he was dragged out of the room and to the mysterious restoration room.
Kathy wanted to ask Douglas what the hell had just happened. She wanted to rush out and rescue her friend. Yet she knew that Douglas would simply lie to her or be evasive, and that if she attempted an escape she would be caught. 
Douglas had regained his composure and approached Kathy with a gentlemanly stroll. When he was standing over her, he explained in hushed tones: “I’m sorry that had to happen. And we were responsible for that, I admit. We did take him away on the day he disappeared and we did give him that… ‘identity crisis’ in which you found him. But I swear, we did not kill him. That was Cybertech- or, will be Cybertech.”
At this, he stepped away from her and gave his charming smile once more before returning to his chair at the head of the table. His confidence and charm had by now returned completely and he wore a satisfied smile as he gazed at the pair seated before him.
“You will be sent out tomorrow,” he declared. “Any questions?”
“Yes! Many,” said Kathy angrily.
“Fire away then, my girl. But we don’t have all day. You may only ask one question.”
Kathy was exasperated. She searched through all the things she was wondering, all the things swirling through her mind: just one question? But she had so many! Eventually, though, she decided what was most important for her.
“The papers I found Thomas with, which he gave to me,” she began. “You gave them to him. Why? What do they mean?”
Douglas smiled a cruel smile. “I’m afraid I cannot say,” he mocked her. “Except to tell you that we revealed something to Thomas which shook his world. He was meant to find you, for we knew he would. He was meant to get the word out, prick your interest and lead you here. I am sorry to say that everything that happens from now on is inevitable and necessary, and not at all pleasant for you or your friends.”
“If I told you their meaning now, you would not need to go to Cybertech. But you do. Trust me, you will find out when you get there. You will have the same revelation which Thomas did- or, rather, a slightly different one for you. What they are doing there is truly abhorrent and dangerous. You and Thomas and Gregory will help to bring them down, so good luck.”
That answer had not helped Kathy one iota. She was more confused than ever- yet it was clear that Douglas would not be more forthcoming with his answer. She therefore decided to venture another question despite being granted only one:
“And what will we do when we get to Cybertech?” she asked.
“Oh, Kathy, I said we only had time for one question!” he said mockingly. “Now drink up.”
“Why?” asked Kathy. She knew the answer, though, and cursed herself for her stupidity. As she gazed down into her cup, she found it empty. Strange, she thought, I do not remember drinking this tea… but she knew that it had been drugged.
Douglas smiled a charming smile as she glanced up. “Tired, are we?” he asked. “Bless. Never mind. We’ll find you a nice bed for tonight, and you’ll wake up tomorrow ready for a long, hard day’s work.”
Kathy blearily stood up. She had had enough of this. Her mind was disappearing into the bliss of sleep even as she attempted to get out of her chair, and instead of landing on her own two feet, she collapsed onto her front on the floor. Undaunted, she tried to crawl away out of the room- but when she had pulled herself some way along the floor with immense difficulty and had neared the exit, she looked up and saw that Jeffrey and Charles had returned. They had serious looks on their faces and merely shook their heads at her, as if saying wordlessly: you shall not pass. She was not deterred, however, and tried to crawl through their legs, but they merely picked her up like a ragdoll and began to carry her back into the conference room.
Gregory was already asleep. Kathy cursed him for being so useless, so placid. 
Her eyes were now struggling to stay open, yet she tried to stay conscious of her surroundings, of where she was being taken. A bunk bed had appeared by the side of the wall as if from nowhere- had that always been there? Why had she not noticed?
The guards, with uncharacteristic gentleness, placed her in one of the beds and tucked her in. Her mind was protesting, rebelling, begging her body for some consciousness and energy, some possibility of running or thinking or speaking coherently. It was not to be. Sleep was too inviting and as the drug coursed through her veins and reached her brain, a pleasant dream world embraced her.
“Good night, sleep tight,” she heard Douglas saying just before she fell asleep completely. “We are now reaching the endgame.”



Chapter 13
Two weeks, three days ago
Kathy awoke in a cupboard.
The noise of sirens had roused her. They were loud and brash and deafening and seemed to be coming from all around her with no specific place of origin. They were like no other sirens she had heard before: like a mix between bedroom alarm clock and police cars.
Her first sensation was just how uncomfortable she was. This being a cupboard- presumably a broom cupboard- she found herself lying on many odd misplaced things. A hammer was sticking into her thigh and her shoulder was cramped by what felt like a broom handle. She could not be sure, though: this being a cupboard, there was no light. She could merely feel her way around and try to make sense of her whereabouts.
There were shelves above her. She groped at them and painfully pulled herself up. Aches and pains covered the whole of her body from goodness knows what. Having fallen asleep in a comfortable bed, she could only assume that her sleeping form had been moved in the night to wherever she now was, and that her many bruises had come from being mistreated on the journey.
A tiny sliver of light penetrated through the crack between the door and doorframe. She moved her face close to it and peered through, but was unable to see much. All she could tell was that the light seemed artificial and, given that her eyes were not used to light, having spent who knows how long in a pitch black cupboard, blinding. 
Her ear was pressed to the door, yet she could hear little over the sound of the sirens. She could just about make out feet dashing to and fro; voices calling out indistinct cries of alarm and instruction. For the moment, then, silence was her friend, for her only guess was that TGN had somehow dumped her in Cybertech’s headquarters and that it was from here that she would have to begin her mission.
What that mission was, however, remained a mystery. Douglas had used the word ‘spying’. Kathy remembered him also mentioning the contact lens cameras and suddenly became conscious of something floating in each of her eyes. Escape would be difficult, then, for TGN could see her every move. At any rate, it was somehow comforting to know that someone knew where she was. On the other hand, it was not comforting to know that the person who did know was an employee of an organisation whose motives were still unknown and evidently hostile to her own interests.
She tried to make herself relatively comfortable in her cupboard until the commotion outside stopped. Soon the footsteps subsided, although voices were still audible from several rooms away. Snippets of urgent conversations were carried to her through the air, in which words like “intruders” and “TGN” were used in panicked tones. 
It suddenly occurred to her that she was alone in this cupboard. She had thought that Thomas and Gregory would also be forced into spying for TGN, but they were nowhere to be seen. Perhaps they had been dropped off elsewhere, or begun without her. Or, perhaps, they were working with TGN to deceive her. She could not be sure of anything anymore.
The sirens lasted for what seemed like hours. Kathy entertained herself with her thoughts while she was waiting. It was almost comfortable to be sitting there in her cupboard, finally free from the stress and trauma that her life had become. The darkness was like a friend providing her with rest and comparative peace, if only for a brief time before she would, inevitably, be forced to leave her cupboard.
Eventually, the alarm ended. A flurry of heavy footsteps proceeded past her and then for ten minutes there was silence. 
 She had waited to ensure the coast was clear. Once she established that it was, she had but one thought: escape. 
The cupboard door was stiff and difficult to open. Thankfully, however, it was not locked. A good shove forced it and she found herself in a brightly lit corridor reminiscent of what people in the 1980s thought the future would look like. The silver, metallic walls had the word “Cybertech” emblazoned on them at regular intervals with a logo of a robotic arm clenched into a fist just beneath the lettering.
Kathy felt exposed. Luckily she was alone in the corridor and could hear no movement or voices in the vicinity. She had been worried that her banging the door open would have alerted someone of her presence, but nobody was there to notice: she was safe, for now.
Yet she was still lost. She had no idea where she was in the Cybertech building and no way of knowing how to get out. With only blind chance as her guide she decided to turn left and walk.
What was conspicuous immediately was the complete lack of windows. It felt as if she were in an underground maze or labyrinth or prison. It was not so bad here, for the lights were so dazzling that she had no need to natural sunlight, but she could not help wondering why all these secretive organisations hired such shoddy interior designers.
About every fifty paces down the corridor were doors on both sides. Her journalistic instinct kicked in and, despite her need to escape, the curiosity within her was irresistible and she had to look at what was on the other side of them.
Each door had a small, square window about head-height through which Kathy could peer. In each room, Kathy saw the same thing: a bed, exactly the same as the design she had seen on Douglas’ presentation the day before. Each one had restraints and wires leading from a headset into the wall. Some of them were not yet in use but, as Kathy darted from one room to the next inspecting her surroundings, some already had occupants.
The people strapped into these beds appeared peaceful. They were clearly unconscious and wore a blank expression on their faces. Kathy even wondered if they were dead, until she spied the gentle rise and fall of a breathing chest in each case. Yet it looked as if all personality or individuality had been drained from them, and not just because they all wore the same uniform hospital overalls: their faces appeared empty, unused, uninhabited. It is a strange phenomenon to write on paper and probably difficult to imagine.
Kathy had gone so far and must have reached her eighth room before she recognised anyone in particular in the beds. In a room marked “15” she gazed in through the window and saw the round face and muscular form of Gregory. He was restrained on the bed but struggling. A man in a white suit stood over him with a syringe and a leery smile.
She stepped to her side a little to hide herself. Her face had been clearly visible in the window and she feared that she had been seen. However, the man in white and Gregory were too engrossed in their struggle to notice the woman looking through the door: now, only her eye was showing, and barely. She continued to watch the events in the room as they unfolded.
The man in white leaned towards Gregory. His podgy, leering face appeared quite creepy, even from a distance- he could have been uttering a stereotypical evil cackle and it would not have been out of place. Gregory, for his part, was not lying still. His previously frozen look of permanent fear had melted, and his face was a fascinating, undulating picture of dynamic terror: his eyes were wide, his mouth was agape and he was bellowing swear words and curses with his whole heart. The man in white was unperturbed, however. He said something before plunging the needle into Gregory’s arm, but Kathy could not make out the words.
Kathy’s eye darted to the other side of the room. She could not bear to look as her new friend was victimised in this way. She had not found Thomas yet and couldn’t bear to think about what may be happening to him, either- or what must have happened to them both while she was still unconscious. On the right wall of the room, she spied what appeared to be a projection of complicated-looking diagrams and images: wave-lines undulating up and down, cell diagrams, and, most disturbingly, a view of the man in white’s face as he stood over Gregory. Presumably they had somehow tapped into the camera contact lenses that TGN had given to Gregory- or maybe they could simply enter his perception and see what he was seeing anyway.
She turned away and did not want to look anymore. Whatever had happened to Gregory, she could do nothing- it had already been done. At best, she could escape, report her findings to the police and hope they come to investigate and rescue her friends. 
Her attention suddenly turned to her clothes. She realised that she had been lucky so far, but that if anybody saw her she would stand out like a sore thumb: in a company staffed by people in white coats, a woman wearing jeans and a black shirt would not fit in at all.
Her head swivelled around seeking anywhere she could find a white coat to borrow. She darted down the corridor peering in every room, hoping to find one with a spare lab coat- but no luck.
Presently a door slammed behind her and she darted into the nearest empty room to hide. She poked her head around the corner and saw the man in white leaving room 15. He was a long way back now, for Kathy had run a long way down the corridor since leaving Gregory’s room, and luckily he turned right rather than left: he therefore had his back to Kathy and did not see her. Crucially, he did not have his lab coat on. Instead he was now wearing a simple white shirt.
The idea struck Kathy like an obvious lightning bolt. She ran back to room fifteen and darted inside. The lab coat was left on the back of a chair in the corner. She tried it on, and it was a perfect fit- although she noted that the name badge might be a problem. On the left lapel was a strip of plastic with the words “Doctor Earnest Jones” emblazoned thereon. She tried to pull it off, but it was sewn on and impossible to remove. Kathy winced, for if anybody read it they would instantly realise she was a fake- nevertheless, from a distance she would not be suspected.
The coat covered entirely her shirt and most of her jeans. Feeling slightly more secure now, she approached Gregory. Whatever he had been injected with had worked fast. He was unconscious, or maybe even comatose. His face resembled those of the other patients she had seen in that all identity had been stripped of it. His body looked like an empty shell.
The beige wall behind his head still displayed the projected computer screen she had seen earlier. The diagrams, graphs and charts bordered the image and in the middle was curious footage of a man walking down a busy street in London during rush-hour. It was as if she were looking through his eyes. She became fascinated for a minute or two and watched as he turned to look at the tube station he had just left before continuing down the street. Whether this was a live image or not, she could not tell- in fact, it occurred to her that she did not know what time it was anyway. The weather and light on screen indicated that it was morning, and the man was going to work.
Her mind began to think- what did this video footage mean? Previously, when the screen had shown the view of Doctor Jones leaning over Gregory, she had assumed it was footage of what Gregory was seeing. Yet Gregory was now unconscious, comatose- was this his dream, then?
Such questions did not trouble her for long, for she realised: if the screen had been left on, Doctor Jones may be returning soon. And if that were so, he would either catch her or discover that his coat had been stolen. Either way, the alarm would be raised and her chances of escape would be dashed. 
She wanted to escape. Yet something inside her prevented her from leaving without her friend. Even though she did not know him and could not even be sure whether to trust him, she could not simply leave a fellow human being in his condition. Her first act was to try to untie him. Releasing him from his restraints was comparatively easy, but there remained the question of the wires and drip-feeds connected to his body. Kathy hesitated. As much as she wanted to rescue her friend, she did not know what these tubes were doing for him. For all she knew they might be keeping him alive. 
The grey machine connected to the wall was monitoring his heart-rate and blood pressure. That much was clear to Kathy, but she could not decipher what specifically the graphs it displayed and noises it made meant. The number “146” kept on flashing in a display in the top-right of the console, and she had no idea whether that was a good thing or a bad thing. She bit her lip and pulled out a tube connected to Gregory’s arm, but as she did so a piercing alarm began to sound and the machine began to light up like a Christmas tree. She feared that the whole floor would hear her and come running. As quickly as she could, therefore, she reinserted the drip. The alarm fell silent and she reluctantly fled, making a mental note to call the police for Gregory’s sake as soon as she managed to make her escape.
Her strides were long and fast. She could not risk running, for that would arouse suspicion if she were to meet anybody on the way, but her current pace would have made her appear like a busy worker on her way to an important task. People would look at her and nod approvingly at how industrious she was, little aware that she was actually an intruder trying to escape.
The corridors were a maze. After the one, long corridor she had until now been traversing, she reached a junction with at least five possible turnings and no helpful signs. She wondered how the employees here could ever find anything in the building- or perhaps this was not a serious building, but rather a labyrinthine maze built solely for her torment. Yet that seemed unlikely.
She took the third right and ended up at another junction where she chose the second left. When she reached the next junction after that, she went straight on; at the following junction, the first right. These were all complete guesses based on blind, baseless hunches and she had no idea where she was going. Each corridor was identical: empty, shiny and lined with rooms identical to the one Gregory had been restrained in. The only distinguishing features were the numbers on the doors to the rooms and they went on to ridiculous extremes: presently she was dashing past room number 275. She was baffled. She had not descended or ascended any flights of stairs, nor had she used any lifts or elevators- yet the building she had been shown on Douglas’ slide projection had looked completely typical, and a completely typical office block could not house a floor of such epic and mind-bending dimensions. 
It was horrifying, too, that Cybertech had so many rooms dedicated to doing to countless others whatever they were doing to Gregory. Now she was passing room 333- what kind of operation were they carrying out here? Whatever it was, it could not be good, for the patients were by no means willing volunteers.  
After half an hour of dashing through deserted corridors in this crazy maze, she finally found something hopeful: a lift. Sliding steel doors had never looked so inviting or appealing. She practically sprinted towards it and pressed the ‘down’ button, eagerly awaiting her ride to freedom.
The lift emitted a disappointing buzz when she pressed the button. It was clear that it would not operate for her, unless- but of course. Her heart sank. To the right of the ‘up’ and ‘down’ buttons were various security measures, including a retina scanner and a sensor in which one would swipe an ID card. She fumbled around in the pockets of her stolen jacket, but with no success. Doctor Jones had not left his ID card simply lying around. Besides, even if he had, she would never have been able to pass the retina scan.
She stood there listlessly for a minute. She was not even thinking anymore, for it seemed pointless: escape was, indeed, not an option. TGN had sent her there with no intention of her ever getting out. Her mind was simply numb by now and she sank into the not unpleasant sensation of feeling nothing: no pain, no fear, no despair, but simply a resignation to the fact that she would be caught, restrained, injected and… whatever happened then. TGN claimed that Cybertech had been responsible for what had happened to Thomas, yet she did not fully comprehend what had happened to him. Nevertheless, whatever that was, it would probably be happening to her.
“Hey!” a voice called behind her. “You’re late!”
She span around on the spot and saw that the person addressing her was a young woman in a white coat. She was blonde, fresh-faced and tanned, with an infectious smile. Kathy merely stared back at her with a bewildered expression.
“Come on!” she called cheerily and dashed off through a door to her right.
Kathy chose to follow. After all, she had nothing else to do, and this woman appeared to have been fooled by her disguise. She was treating Kathy like an employee there rather than like an escaped fugitive. 
Through the door was yet another corridor, though shorter. At the end was a pair of double doors through which Kathy’s guide was presently dashing. 
Kathy followed and found herself in an enormous auditorium. Her guide beckoned her to sit next to her near the back of the theatre in an empty row of seats. 
“I’m so excited,” she chimed merrily. “Most people my age don’t even have a job- and look at us! On the cutting edge of science, listening to someone as famous as Doctor Earnest Jones!”
Kathy froze. Evidently their lecturer was some sort of expert, eminent in his field and idolised by the staff- and she had stolen his coat. She nervously hid her name badge and smiled sheepishly at her newfound friend, hoping she would be too star-struck to notice.
The pair of them had walked in late. Doctor Jones, the man Kathy had seen leering over Gregory, was standing before them in the middle of a lecture he had already begun before they had entered. The lecture theatre was huge. To Kathy, Doctor Jones appeared to be the size of an ant. She could only hope that she was similarly tiny and unnoticeable to him.
“…using Jung’s theory of the collective unconscious,” he had been saying when Kathy had entered. She had walked in at the end of his sentence, and subsequently struggled to understand what he was talking about. Nevertheless, she listened: his speech may give her clues about what had happened to her and her two friends, and about how to escape from this terrible place. “We have already used our Cortical Manipulation Matrix to control, move and, well, manipulate individual minds, but this new development will allow us to do the same to collective minds. During the 1950s, Carl Jung worked with a physicist called Wolfgang Pauli to investigate whether electromagnetic fields could explain the phenomenon of the collective unconscious. Unfortunately their work was never completed. We, however, have gone down a similar route and found success.”
“We used the theory of Quantum Brain Dynamics to discover that human consciousness is experienced through the action of a cortical field on the water within neurons in the brain,” he continued. “We used that to create the Cortical Manipulation Matrix and to move people’s minds into different bodies. It has created some interesting, if morally dubious, results. What we have recently discovered, however, is that this cortical field exists everywhere. It defines the human experience. If we can manipulate individual minds, then that is interesting- but if we can manipulate everyone’s mind collectively, at the same time… well, that is true power.”
Kathy could barely follow what he was saying, but it sounded sinister. The scientific terms went right over her head. Nevertheless, she was able to understand the implications of what he was saying and they horrified her.
“We have already conducted an experiment into its possibilities and, let me tell you, it has shown promise. Is Kathy Turner in the room?”
Suddenly a spotlight shone on her seat in the back of the auditorium and two burly security guards appeared just behind her. They did not lay a finger on her, but did not need to: she understood clearly that leaving was not an option.
“Welcome to Cybertech Industries, Kathy Turner!” Doctor Jones called out. The whole theatre broke out in spontaneous applause. Kathy looked to her side and saw the woman who had led her in here clapping enthusiastically and smiling relentlessly. Their eyes met: Kathy’s, scared and confused; those of her guide, jealous and joyful. It was like she were some kind of celebrity rather than an intruder or captive. The whole situation was surreal in the extreme.
Kathy nervously began to descend the steps to the stage where Doctor Jones was waiting with open arms.
Her blood ran cold. A sense of doom started to flow through her body, beginning in her centre and slowly engulfing her as she neared her smiling nemesis. This was the beginning of the end, she was sure. A strange sensation took over her mind as if she were a mere observer in her own life. She felt like she were simply an audience member sitting in a cinema in her head, watching her own life and having no say over her choices or actions. She knew this was merely her dissociating from her own life to avoid dealing with the horrific reality of it all. A more extreme version of this same phenomenon would have resulted in full blown multiple personality disorder, whereby her mind would revert to a childlike state and create a brand new, independent personality in her head, who would have her own memories and her own experiences. 
Her thoughts went on like this was she walked. She wondered through her life, her interests, her hobbies. She began thinking about deep questions such as: do horses ever get annoyed by flies? And: how is it that hair can clean itself after six weeks? She sought for anything, anything with which she could escape the inescapable. 
She had reached the bottom of the steps. The podgy face of the man beckoning her was but metres away now, and he was smiling at her in a friendly manner. She was not fooled, though. She knew this was a smile like that of Douglas: borne solely out of the security of knowing that he had full control over his quarry.
Now on the stage, Kathy turned and smiled sheepishly at the audience. The applause had ended now and they were staring in her direction with mere stony silence and serious concentration. They were not interested in her, of course: everyone here was intrigued as to why Doctor Jones had invited an intruder down to the stage like a special guest, rather than simply calling security half an hour ago and sending her to the basement. Doctor Jones seemed happy to see Kathy, so his audience had followed suit and applauded her; indeed, anybody here would kill to be invited on stage with an idol like Doctor Jones. Kathy did not yet understand why they idolised him so. Nevertheless, the atmosphere of applause had descended into one of curiosity and serious contemplation. It was even more unnerving for Kathy. It was like being a gladiator in the coliseum being watched by an eager crowd, who was waiting with baited breath for the moment when she would be mauled to death by a lion.
“My coat, please,” beckoned Doctor Jones curtly. His annoyance was impossible to disguise, so Kathy did his bidding and handed it over. It was no use to her now, anyway.
When he had received his coat, his mood rapidly improved. 
“Welcome once more, Kathy Turner!” he shouted out and extended his arms wide like a circus performer introducing the main act. The auditorium burst out once more in surreal applause, but only for a brief moment.
“Now, Kathy, would you mind describing to us what has been happening to you in the past several days?” he asked cheerily.
Kathy merely opened and closed her mouth like a lost fish. She had no idea what was going on here or why she was here.
“But of course- you’re shy!” yelled the talented showman, and the audience gave a little chuckle. “I shall tell them for you, and maybe you’ll learn something.”
The showman attitude disappeared and he became once more the serious, learned lecturer. He began to talk once more, but in a way that Kathy could understand. It was clear that everyone in the room already understood the science- incomprehensible to Kathy- and that this explanation was mainly for Kathy’s benefit, although it also served to document the results of an experiment which would be of interest to the audience.
“Our story begins when our dear friend Thomas Wilson disappeared,” he began. Kathy shot him a confused glare. Clearly these people already knew about Thomas Wilson. She guessed that his case was an already much discussed one and all doubt in her mind as to Cybertech’s involvement with Thomas’ disappearance vanished in an instant. “Of course, that situation has come full circle now. We knew it would happen, but not quite how. Luckily TGN sent a man named Gregory Smith to us so we’ve plugged him in to one of our machines.”
“I’ll explain how these work later, darling,” he said as a quiet aside to Kathy. “But it is not relevant for the present lecture.”
“Kathy, being a good friend, went in search of Thomas. But- quelle horreur!- something went wrong: she was sexually assaulted by a nasty man named Arnold. Arnold, stand up, you bad, bad man.”
As if the situation could not get any worse, the spotlight shone on a man who had just stood up in the audience. He was distant but Kathy could get a clear look at him: it was Arnold. His face had been etched in the back of her skull ever since that day in the car, always present at some level of her unconscious mind. She despised and feared that man in equal measure and had hoped to never see him again. But- wait- hadn’t he been arrested?
Kathy could have slapped herself for her stupidity. The world had forgotten she existed, and the police could not hold a man on charges of sexual assault against a woman who nobody could remember.
As if to confirm her fears, Doctor Jones continued: “Arnold was a very bad man. Luckily he works for us, and we take care of our own. So we decided that Kathy would be our perfect test subject.”
“We have invented a machine, Kathy, which can manipulate one’s mind. It can move it from one person’s body to another and change its identity, personality and memory. So, we can move the mind from person A and put it in person B, and although it is the mind of person A, it has all the memories, personality and identity of person B. In fact, it even thinks it is person B.”
“It raised some very difficult philosophical questions. For example: if this technology exists, then how can we ever be sure we are who we think we are, that we weren’t a completely different person five minutes ago? Or: what is identity? I mean, I have just said that person A’s mind is in person B’s body- but is it still person A’s mind, or has it become the mind of person B? Does person A still exist? And what happens to the original mind of person B? Is it displaced, lost, killed?”
He pondered for a millisecond, but no more. “Of course, we are not philosophers here. We are scientists!” he yelled happily. “And so we are not troubled by such questions. We worked out we could do this by manipulating what is called the cortical field. You do not need to know what that is, dear.” At this, he put his hand patronisingly on Kathy’s shoulder and gave her a superior smile, as if to say you wouldn’t understand it anyway. She thoroughly hated this man.
“We discovered that we can manipulate the cortical field to play with the collective mind. You know a little bit about psychology, yes?”
Kathy remembered back to when she used to help her friend with her psychology revision and homework. Some of it had sunk in, so she did know a little bit. She nodded silently in the affirmative.
“Good! So you’ll have heard of Carl Jung, then. He had a theory called the collective unconscious, which means that humanity shares a collective unconscious mind from which each individual gets archaic memories and archetypal ideas, which often crop up in dreams. We’ve discovered how it works, and we’ve played with it.” When he said this he looked like an excited little boy who had just received the toy he had always wanted for Christmas. It frightened Kathy.
“So, I’ll continue with your story. At first, you saw the colour of the paint in your room change, didn’t you? And then you saw the paintings talking to you, yes?”
He paused, waiting for a response from Kathy. She nodded obligingly.
“But you weren’t going mad. Don’t worry. Because other people could see it too, right?”
Doctor Jones suddenly began shaking excitedly. She turned away from Kathy and began pacing up and down at the front of the stage, now addressing his audience. 
“We did this. By manipulating the collective cortical field, we changed people’s perception of the world. It does not matter whether the walls actually changed colour, or whether the paintings were actually talking- we could manipulate the collective mind so that everybody would see that they had and they were.”
He turned back to Kathy. “And then the world forgot you. You came home one day to find an empty flat and a landlord who didn’t know who you were.” He spoke solemnly, with mock sympathy- mock, for everyone knew he cared little for his guest’s actual situation. He cared nothing for the suffering he had put her through. On the contrary: he was only excited about the scientific implications of his work, no matter who was hurt by it.
“This was our next experiment with the collective mind,” he continued, once more the dignified academic lecturer. “We know archaic memories are stored there- but what of recent memories? Is it possible to modify, even delete them? As it turns out- yes. Right now, Kathy is in the unenviable position of having been forgotten by everyone, for we removed all memory of her from humanity.”
“But…” Kathy interjected nervously. “But… it’s not just memory. All my stuff was missing from my flat, too.”
“Ah, now it is time to get philosophical,” grinned her teacher. “For what is the world if not our subjective perception of it? If your laptop is on the table, but you cannot see it, how do you know it’s there?”
He was speaking in riddles, so he began to explain. “We can go back to Descartes to explain this one. Descartes was a 16th century French philosopher. He began by asking: how can we know anything exists? He was the one who came up with the famous phrase “I think, therefore I am”. The first thing he could be certain of was that he existed because he was thinking; that when you are thinking, it is certain that you exist in the moment, in that place. But how can you be sure of anything around you existing? Only by putting faith in your senses. He believed that he could trust his senses, for a good, kind, loving God would not have given us senses to deceive us. But we know better now. There is no God.”
“So if you can manipulate senses and perception as we now can, we can make it appear that the room had nothing in it. And who knows? Maybe it did have nothing in it. Maybe the existence of your stuff was dependent on your mind, or the minds of others, perceiving it. Maybe when we manipulated your mind and the collective mind, they ceased to exist.”
“But like I say, I am no philosopher. I am a scientist. Such questions are beyond my remit. All I know is that the brain is a remarkable machine. It is like a grey sponge in your head, literally and metaphorically.”
“In fact, it’s not just a sponge,” he thought aloud to himself. “It’s a creative sponge, really. It’s your own perceptions that create your reality. Ooh, that’s quite deep, isn’t it?”
His tone had become rambling. Presently, however, it changed tack and became jubilant again.
“And that is how we rescued a valued employee from the long arm of the law and experimented with our new toy… I mean, invention!”
“With all memory of Kathy purged from the universe, the police could not hold Arnold in prison anymore. They could not even remember why he was there. Why, Arnold, you could even sue the police for false arrest!”
Arnold was still under the spotlight, but sitting down now. He smiled creepily at this suggestion and fixed Kathy with one of his superior, impenetrable gazes. Kathy shuddered.
“But Arnold, we must scold you. You were a very, very bad boy. Don’t do it again.”
Kathy was gobsmacked by the casual attitude the people here had towards everything. They did not care about playing with people’s minds and identities. They did not care that one of them was a sexual predator with no respect for women. The people here were despicable.
“Now, any questions?” Doctor Jones asked. His face was to the audience but it was clear his question was addressed to Kathy alone. She shook her head in shock. Her head hurt with the effort of keeping up with his explanation, but she understood now. She had been a toy, a pawn in their game. These were evil people who enjoyed playing with people’s minds- literally- with no morality, no regret, no remorse, no respect for privacy or human dignity. And the whole world was in danger. Literally, if they so chose, they could manipulate the mind of any individual on the planet, or even the whole of humanity, to get their way. And that, as Doctor Jones had said, was power indeed.
“Well, then, we’re done with you,” declared Doctor Jones, suddenly cruelly. “Off you pop. Shoo.”
He pushed Kathy to the side of the stage and into the wings. She was confused now: unsure where to go, unaware of where she was. Doctor Jones continued talking for another half an hour and simply left her alone backstage. 
For the first twenty minutes, she used her lucky situation and hurriedly scrambled around looking for an exit. They had made the mistake of leaving her alone here, unguarded. They might even want her to leave. Yet her search was fruitless: every door was locked, every trapdoor hidden, every window barred. In the end, she resigned herself to her fate and simply found a chair, sat down and pondered on what she had learned while she waited for whatever.
After half an hour, Doctor Jones finished talking and received rapturous applause from his audience. He came backstage to meet Kathy and looked down at her without emotion. 
“Well, then, how have you been?” he asked nonchalantly. “Come with me.”



Chapter 14
Doctor Jones withdrew a key from his pocket and opened one of the locked doors backstage. Kathy’s heart did a little jump in the vain hope that she would presented a route to freedom, but no such luck: her two friends, the security guards who had been standing behind her when she was sitting at the back of the auditorium, were once more blocking her way.
These were no generic security guards. They wore a black uniform with the Cybertech logo emblazoned on the chest and both had shaven heads. In fact, they both had the same square-shaped heads and bodybuilder-type bodies. Compared to Kathy’s skinny form, she was no match for them.
“We are not ready for you yet,” said Doctor Jones coldly. “Take her to the basement.”
Kathy looked back in horror. She did not know what the ‘basement’ was, but she could be sure that it was not a pleasant place. Besides, she knew precisely what awaited her eventually. After they had set up one of those rooms with one of those machines, she would be whisked away from the basement and plugged in. Her identity, memories and personality would be lost forever.
The guards cuffed her roughly and led her to the elevator. They keyed in a journey from the fifth floor down to the basement. The basement was clearly off limits to anybody but security or those with special clearance, for they needed to turn a special key in a lock in the elevator before it would allow them to descend.
They had practically manhandled her into the elevator. Kathy winced from the pain of their vicelike grip on her arms. She was almost looking forward to the basement because it would once more allow her blood to circulate freely. 
The journey was short. She gazed longingly up at the screen in the lift when it told her she had reached ground floor, yet knew it would not stop there. No, it was going one floor below. The contrast between the two possibilities was striking: on one floor lay freedom; on the other, imprisonment. Yet she had no choice.
She noticed how silent the guards were. They did not speak to her nor look at her throughout their entire time with her. It was as if they were stone guardians or afraid to look because they knew what was coming for their prisoner.
Presently the lift arrived, and the doors opened. Yet it seemed that they opened onto nothing. The lift was so bright and shiny- like the rest of Cybertech’s building- that it contrasted deeply with the dark, dank black that lay outside the door and meant that anything out there was impossible for Kathy’s eyes to make out. 
Nevertheless the guards maintained their grip on her arms and marched her forward. She could not see where they were going, yet apparently they could. While she stumbled on obstacles in her way as they evidently traversed long, unlit corridors, they had no trouble navigating or avoiding the things in their path. Perhaps they knew this area well or had night vision goggles, Kathy pondered: yet it was impossible for her to conclude anything in the pitch dark.
Her eyes began to adjust, however. From what she could see, this ‘basement’ was designed in exactly the same way as the floors above. Yet it was terribly cluttered. Bits and bobs of unknown origin were strewn across the floor. Sometimes they were hard, sometimes they were soft; Kathy opined that she probably did not want to know what they were, anyway. She swore that once, what she stepped on felt like a human heart or entrails.
She began to see more: there were doors here, too, on the left and on the right. Yet as she gazed through them she saw nothing of the sophisticated equipment of the fifth floor. Rather, she saw botched experiments and abandoned machinery and, in the odd room, bits of human tissue or skeletons where the experiment had presumably gone wrong. 
It was, in fact, almost as if the basement she found herself in were not completely pitch black. Her eyes were now so used to her surroundings that she could make out most things, albeit in a muggy, shadowy manner as one sees things under the light of the moon. And then she saw why: in the distance, at the end of the present corridor, was a source of light. It almost blinded her after walking for so long in the dark corridors of the basement. A tiny, rectangular window, just above head height, was emitting long, dirty rays of sunlight into the maze-like system and illuminating a dusty series of cage-like prison cells.
So that’s where she was going. It became clear now: she would be thrown in here, abandoned for a few hours or days and then collected so that she could be put in one of the machines upstairs. Her head and heart sank in despair.
The guards had reached the cages by now. They unlocked the door and threw Kathy in, before disappearing once more into the black corridors.
“They’re dark so we can’t escape,” explained a mournful voice behind her. “Even if we break out of the cages, there’s no way we’ll be able to find the elevator to get out of here.”
“It’s a maze down here. Literally. They designed this floor as a labyrinth which only the guards know how to navigate. And they have some sort of genetic transplants or night vision goggles so they can see.”
Kathy turned her head slowly to see her only companion in this set of cages. She was a woman in her early fifties with dirty blonde hair and a dishevelled lab coat. She smiled a weak smile in Kathy’s direction.
“Please don’t hate me,” she pleaded. “I can tell you don’t work here. What are you, a spy? An escaped test subject? But don’t hate me for my white coat. Yes, I did work here. I saw the error of my ways, though- and they sent me down here.”
Kathy noticed the Cybertech logo on her lab coat, but only briefly: her cellmate covered it up with shame as she spoke.
“The name’s Ruth Phillips,” she introduced herself. “And yours?”
“Kathy Turner,” she replied weakly.
Ruth gasped. She crawled over to Kathy and gave her a weak hug. Kathy could feel dirty tears streaming down Ruth’s face and onto her shoulder.
“You poor, poor dear,” Ruth was saying. “You poor, poor thing.”
Kathy was bemused. She tried to push Ruth away, and her companion moved away obligingly. 
“I’ve been down here for six weeks now. Yet I hear things. I’m still in touch with the world.” She tapped her head knowingly as she spoke. “I’ve heard the guards talking. I’ve heard them mention your name. They talk about you excitedly, and about some new development. Tell me: do you know anything?”
Kathy hesitated. She did not know if she could trust this woman, or how much she should say. Yet she reasoned that they were both in the same situation together. Indeed, Ruth did look like she had simply been thrown in here as a prisoner, rather than planted here by Cybertech for untrustworthy purposes. Her hair was dirty blonde not just in the sense that it was dark, but also because it was full of filth and dust. Her once pale, bright skin was now brown not from the sun, but from the dirt on the ground. Here there were no beds or toilets and Kathy realised with horror that she was probably sitting where previous inmates had once done their business and relieved themselves.
“I was in a lecture,” Kathy began. “They invited me in. It was weird. And they explained that they have a machine which can move one person’s mind into another person’s head.”
Her companion bit her lip in thought. “Yes, they had that before I was sent down here,” she said. “But the guards are mentioning something new. I thought you’d know, because they keep mentioning your name when they talk about it.”
“The lecture was by someone called Doctor Earnest Jones,” Kathy ventured. “And he mentioned something about now being able to manipulate the collective mind.”
“They used it on me,” she continued. It was painful to talk about how she had been used and violated by this obscene organisation, so she proceeded slowly. “They made everyone forget me. They wiped out all memory of me from the world.”
Ruth grabbed Kathy’s shoulders and stared directly into her eyes like a mad woman. The effect frightened Kathy. “And it was Earnest Jones who was talking about this, you say? You’re positive?”
Kathy backed away. “Yes. Positive.”
Ruth reeled back and curled up into a foetal position. “Oh, Earnest, what have you done?” she wailed. She began to sob quietly, and Kathy was unsure what to do. 
She left Ruth to her privacy for ten minutes while she remained curled up in the corner. She could have spent her time thinking, but her mind was numb- comfortably numb. Every few seconds, an odd half-thought would float through her head, but she did not grasp onto any of them or follow any of them up: she merely sat in quiet meditation, waiting stoically. There was nothing else to do.
Presently Ruth recovered and tapped Kathy on the shoulder. Kathy turned to see that Ruth had been crying a copious amount of tears. There were two trails running down each of her cheeks where her pale skin shone through because her weeping eyes had washed away the filth that had been on her face. The picture was one of sad beauty.
“Earnest and I are lovers,” she explained. “I expected him to come searching for me, to rescue me when I was first missing. They don’t make a song and dance about it here when someone is taken to the basement, you see. But then he didn’t come for me. I’ve been here for six weeks. I suppose I can’t be that surprised…”
There then followed the love story of Earnest Jones and Ruth Phillips. It was a source of light in her dreary existence down in the cells; a source of interest and intrigue to keep away dark thoughts about her imprisonment and impending doom. It was days before anyone came back down to the cells even to feed or visit them, and so they spent a lot of time in each other’s company. During those days, Kathy spent most of her time listening while Ruth regaled her with stories of her and Earnest, and their life spent together.
Ruth and Earnest had practically grown up together. They had lived on the same street as children. Their mothers were firm friends, so when they used to visit each other they would leave their children playing together. Ruth told Kathy that she could remember sharing baths with Earnest and playing tag together.  
Earnest had always been something of a geek. It had not mattered when they were children, but as they developed into their adult selves it created a gulf between them. It must be noted that both were clever- exceptional, in fact. Yet Earnest was not beautiful. Ruth was. She attracted the attention of all the boys in school and soon forgot Earnest, the boy she had played with during her childhood. Hormones raging, the fit, athletic boys of the sports teams had been more appealing to her than the overweight, spotty boy who lived down the road. 
Of course, they remained friends. Yet a gulf grew between them. When once they had played together almost every day, soon they met barely once a week; then, once a month; then, not at all. Soon they both became mere memories in each other’s heads- a happy time in both their lives, but one that belonged squarely in the past. 
Earnest developed into a straight A student and self-proclaimed genius. He was full of himself. He read books on the newest scientific theories and was a regular purchaser of magazines like New Scientist. Due to the misfortune of his looks, he spent most of his time at home reading and thinking. He had few friends and no girlfriends. 
Ruth, however, flourished at secondary school. Her grades slipped as she tried all the different flavours of boy available. In one year, she had five different boyfriends. Her personal preference was the sporty type, although she found the arty, musical boys interesting. She went out with a few of them and enjoyed sitting in their bedrooms listening to them jam on their guitars or create masterpieces on canvas.
She once bumped into Earnest in the corridor during her last year at school. It had been years since they had last met. She barely recognised the shy, contemplative boy who bumped into her, and all they shared was an awkward smile. Then he was gone: she walked one way, he another. 
Yet he would always think of her. In secret, he felt betrayed by the girl he thought would always be his best friend. In secret, he wanted her back- but he wanted her to be more than his friend. His hormones were raging, too, but while Ruth was enjoying hers by experimenting sexually, Earnest’s hormones were imploding within him. He would implore his emotions to stop tormenting him, to simply leave him alone- for what use were hormones for him? They were a mere reminder of his social position at the bottom rung of the ladder; of his complete inability to fulfil his desires and actually get the girl. 
Ruth, too, sometimes remembered Earnest. She sometimes wondered what had happened to the boy down the road who she used to play tag with. She sometimes wanted to catch up with him. Yet thoughts of a relationship or anything sexual never occurred to her; besides, she was too caught up in the social tide of parties and drinking, of boys and life, that she never had time to follow up her curiosity.
Eventually, both of them had gone to university. Earnest tried to let go of his yearning for Ruth and turn his attention to other girls. Ruth also threw herself into university life. She now regretted her time at secondary school: it had been fun, sure, but the distraction of boys meant that she had not applied herself, because of which she did not get the necessary grades to go to her university of choice. Had it been worth it? At the time, she would have said yes; in hindsight, no. She now realised that she had always been secretly searching for the one, and none of her previous boyfriends had fitted the bill. As she looked back, she felt mere disappointment at a string of failed relationships with unsuitable boys, all of whom had let her down or used her. She had tasted life- as defined by the high school experience- and she had decided that it tasted bad.
Earnest had not had fun either. His teenage years had been lonely. His unfortunate looks and aloof attitude had meant that he left school with few friends and few happy memories. He was desperate to leave, to get out of his home town and go to university- in short, to start a new life.
By coincidence, both had followed the same path: biology. Ruth got a 2:1 from the University of Bristol and Earnest earned a first class degree from Cambridge University. Earnest had had a better time at University than at school: he had gained many like-minded friends and enjoyed a long term relationship with a girl named Sue, which lasted until six months after graduation. Ruth, too, had enjoyed her time at university. She had studied hard, while still enjoying herself with friends, parties and clubs. She had taken up kayaking during her time at Bristol and had become quite skilled.
Neither of them had ever forgotten the other, however. Earnest had never quite been able to silence his feelings for Ruth- a fact which had eventually led to his break-up from Sue. Ruth, for her part, had started to think that Earnest may have been the one for her. She had begun to think about her time at school and had begun to see her many sexual experiments with many different boys as a mistake. After all, not one of them had proved reliable or trustworthy. Earnest, however, had always been there for her- even when they had drifted apart.
Ruth had gone straight into work, while Earnest had studied for a master’s degree in neurology followed by a PhD in human consciousness. It was then that he discovered the secret of his Cortical Manipulation Matrix. The idea had come to him when he was sitting in a coffee shop during the second year of his PhD pondering a difficult question which was proving to be a stumbling block in his research: if the mind is simply a function of the brain, then how does one account for Near Death Experiences and Out of Body Experiences? The answer then hit him in his very own Eureka moment. He discovered that the cortical field, which gave the human brain consciousness, was detachable from the brain; that while it was in the brain, it was affected by physical stimuli, like chemicals and food, but once the brain died it was set free as a pure, rational mind- a ghost or spirit, you might say. It was this discovery, and his subsequent research, which led to the creation of his greatest invention.
When he had joined Cybertech Industries, it had simply been an organisation making car parts and microchips. Yet he revolutionised it. With the help of his discovery, the company had moved to a new, bigger complex and begun research into the use of the Cortical Manipulation Matrix.
It just so happened that Ruth joined Cybertech Industries at precisely the same time as Earnest. She had, until then, been working at a garden centre. It was boring work. When she heard about the possible new developments at Cybertech Industries and the brilliant young Doctor Jones who was to lead them, she left her job immediately and applied to Cybertech. The idea of Earnest had been lodged in the back of her mind ever since she left university. She could not shake the idea that out of all the boys she had ever known, he might have been the one for her.  
Of course, she was barely qualified: her specialism at university had been plant biology, not neural biology. Nevertheless, she had been accepted to work as a general machine technician in the microchip research department. She was chosen because they were pursuing an avenue of research to see if the molecular and cellular biology of plants could offer any insight into increasing the efficiency of their microchips, which were as yet very basic. This being the late eighties, computers were still a very modern development.
Despite now working in the same building, and despite the fact that Ruth was now interested in Earnest, for many years their relationship consisted merely of awkward greetings in the corridor whenever they passed each other. In truth, Earnest wanted to ask Ruth out on a date, but could never pluck up the courage to do so. His old insecurities from childhood, when he faced only scorn and rejection from the female kind, stayed with him. It seemed impossible to him that the only woman he had always loved, who had spurned him at secondary school for the advances of more athletic, muscular men, could ever say yes to him.
Nevertheless, in time they became friends once more. At first they met once a year; then, once every six months; then, once a month; then, once a week until finally, after a process that lasted for years, they were seeing each other almost every day- but as friends. None of these meetings had ever been a ‘date’, despite Earnest’s wishes. Ruth, by this point, had almost given up on Earnest. In fact, she had dated several other men during this time- unsurprising, considering how attractive she was. Her appearance was what many men would call a “perfect woman”- tall, flowing blonde hair, large breasts, and curves in all the right places. Yet all of these men were disappointments: each of them letting her down, abandoning her or using her in the end. It remained true that Earnest was the only man who had always been there for her with no obvious ulterior motives.
Several years after joining Cybertech, Ruth had the opportunity to move to a new department. Her plant-based research was going nowhere, so the company paid for her to do a master’s degree in neurology and afterwards sent her to work in the Cortical department of the organisation, headed up and started by the now “famous Doctor Jones”. Ruth was ecstatic, as was Earnest: by this point they had become best friends once more and now they were working together!
Yet as Ruth discovered when she moved departments, she was not the only one infatuated with ‘Earnest’. A company which had started up as a microchip and car part research and manufacturing business had evolved so that the bulk of it was taken up by the Cortical research department. There was a lot of interest- financial and academic- in the ground being broken and the technology being made by Doctor Jones and his ever growing team. Practically everyone who applied for jobs at Cybertech had been inspired by his research and ideas and relished the chance to work with him. In private as friends, they were close; yet at work, he was adored by all and had little time for her, preferring to spend his time being constantly followed by a crowd of admirers and questioners. 
The tables had turned somewhat. The power began to go to Earnest’s head and he began to feel that he was now the one in control, popular and in demand. In this company, he could have anyone he wanted. He was no longer the overweight nerd at high school shunned by all. Meanwhile, Ruth had vanished into the crowd and was simply one of his many minions. Of course, this merely made Ruth want him even more, for there is nothing more attractive to a woman than a man who has the world at his feet and can lay anybody he chooses.
So imagine how special she felt when he finally did ask her out on a date. Because of his new popularity and success, he finally managed to find the courage to act on his feelings. It had become just about believable for him that she might say yes, and so, with heart pounding and legs shaking, he had asked her out. That had been six years ago and they had been together ever since. 
So how had she come to find herself in this basement, this dungeon? As always, the story does not end when the couple come together. The relationship evolves. Despite- or perhaps because of- now having the girl of his dreams, Earnest became greedy for more power. He believed the sycophantic words of his followers when they admired and worshipped him for his brilliance and intellect. Until this point, it must be noted, Earnest had been a mainly good man. His Cortical Manipulation Matrix had been used purely for objective, scientific research into the nature of the human mind. Yet four years ago, he had begun new research which would end in creating the machine that Kathy had seen Gregory attached to. He began to ask whether one could manipulate the human mind to achieve one’s goals, to gain power. He wanted to control the whole company, maybe the country, maybe the world…
It sounds clichéd, I know, that this story has ended up being one about a mad scientist trying to take over the world. But did you, dear reader, see it going elsewhere? And in reality, this is no ordinary “taking over the world” scenario. In most stories, the evil genius wants to be worshipped by everyone as a god; to sit on a throne in the centre of the world and have its peoples bow down and obey his every whim. Doctor Earnest Jones, however, did not want fame. He wanted something much more sinister- and it seemed that he had found out how to do it. If he could control the collective mind, Ruth told Kathy, he could influence the thinking of the entire world. He could use it, if he so chose, to wipe an enemy from existence simply by removing all memory of them from the planet- as had been done in Kathy’s case. It was a dangerous tool for him to possess.
Ruth had discovered Earnest’s intention only last year. At first, she did not know how to deal with it. This was the man she loved, but she could not support him. It was evil. She knew in her gut that what he proposed was insupportable. Yet she could not leave him, and she feared confronting him.
So the knowledge had been eating her up inside for months on end. She had suffered sleepless nights and lapses of concentration. The final straw had come when his theoretical research was complete and the first machine had been built. 
The first ‘patient’ was a homeless man by the name of Steven. He had no friends, no family, no job, no security- in short, he was the perfect candidate. Some Cybertech goons simply scooped him off the streets, dragged him to the fourth floor and plugged him in. The experiment was not a success. The machine had fried his brain and killed him in five seconds. 
Further experiments followed. By this point, Ruth had stopped talking to Earnest. She could not stop herself loving him but she could not tolerate his experiments. She wanted to do something but the ever present danger of ‘the basement’ weighed heavily on her mind. Earnest did not even notice that she was more absent than usual, for he was so caught up in his work. When he finally did notice, he accused her of having an affair. She denied it. Yet when he asked why she was so vacant, so distant, fear lodged itself in her throat and prevented her words from being vocalised. She knew that any dissent would lead to her being ‘disappeared’.
It had not always been so. Yet since Earnest had started his research into manipulating people’s minds, his colleagues had grown fearful of him. He had cosied up to management and coerced them into employing more security. The basement, previously a storage facility for failed experiments, had become a makeshift prison at his request. Recently, Ruth told Kathy in terrified whispers, they had begun to execute prisoners if they could find nothing else to do with them.
Things came to a peak when Ruth went to a party in early spring and met a man from TGN. He had called himself Carl Bean, although in hindsight this was clearly an alias. Nevertheless, the pair of them had met completely by chance and together they planned for Cybertech’s downfall. By this point TGN was already investigating Cybertech and Carl was keen to discover everything he could about what was happening there. Ruth became TGN’s agent on the inside. She fed TGN with information about their machines; about their patients; about their staff. She was the source of the information TGN had given to Kathy, Gregory and Thomas before dropping them off on the inside.
TGN’s first offensive against Cybertech had been to leak information about their programme to the public. It had made front page news on the latest edition of Science Today in an article describing the theory behind the Cortical Manipulation Matrix and its possible applications. Cybertech Industries had not been mentioned explicitly, nor did the piece actually admit the existence of the terrible machines Kathy had seen, for TGN had not yet garnered enough evidence. Yet the message had been well received by Cybertech: someone is watching you, and we know what you’re doing.
The article had named no names. Ruth’s contribution to TGN’s intelligence had been inserted into the article as information procured by “anonymous sources”. Nevertheless, an internal investigation had been swiftly instituted and swiftly concluded with Miss Phillips as the obvious prime suspect: with no training in espionage, she had been less than discrete in her probing. Six weeks previously she had been in the middle of an important bit of research when two burly men grabbed her by the arms and dragged her to the basement. Nobody had been told. Officially, Ruth no longer worked at Cybertech: she had been fired for using up too many sick days. Earnest, who she had hoped would come to rescue her, had not even come to visit.
“He’s always been so insecure,” she admitted tearfully to Kathy one day. “He wouldn’t believe I wasn’t having an affair. He probably thinks I ran off with another man six weeks ago.”
And that was her story, finally finished. It had taken her three days to tell Kathy in full detail, and in that time the pair of them had not seen a soul. It goes without saying, therefore, that neither of them had eaten in three days, nor touched any water. They were both famished and parched. The story had taken the edge away from their malnourishment, and now that it was over Ruth practically collapsed in front of Kathy and lay down.
Ruth was silent. She soon began breathing heavily and Kathy guessed that she was asleep. Without any companionship she now had nothing to distract her from the pains in her body: her back was aching from having slept on a cold, stone floor; her throat was painful and sticky from lack of moisture; her stomach now housed a constant, gnawing pain which made her keel over periodically. She could swear that it had grown somewhat. She knew from documentaries and adverts that in cases of severe malnutrition, the belly swells up and gains the appearance of a beer belly or a pregnant woman’s bump. 
The two of them lay there for many hours in silence: Ruth sleeping, Kathy clutching her aching stomach. Both had given up any hope of being freed or even of seeing another human face ever again. Kathy would honestly not have been surprised to have find skeletons in these cells of people who had been abandoned down here long ago and simply forgotten by those above.
A clanging on the steel bars roused both of them from their slumber. The pair looked up to see the severe face of one of their guards staring back down at them. He held a set of keys and mechanically opened the door for them. Yet he was not there to grant them freedom. 
“Miss Phillips, step to the left. Your appointment is in ten minutes. Miss Turner, wait here. You are wanted upstairs.”
He spoke as mechanically as he walked and moved. The two women stepped out of the cell and embraced in a tearful goodbye. They were both crying, for both of them knew what lay in store for Ruth: her “appointment” was with death. Ruth had told Kathy during their three-day stay in the cells that execution was sometimes the fate reserved for dissenters. That word ‘sometimes’ may have been a source of hope- but given that Ruth was not just a dissenter but also a full-blown traitor who had been giving away company secrets, neither of them doubted that death was in store for her. Kathy, who was merely to be hooked up to one of the machines but would otherwise continue to live, was in a comparatively well-off position. 
The guard gripped Ruth’s arm and walked away into the darkness. As she was dragged away, Ruth looked back with a ghostly look on her dirty face. She had accepted her fate and was saying goodbye.
A second guard stepped out of the shadows and gripped Kathy’s arm in a similarly vicelike manner. He silently led her away from the cages and towards her inevitable doom.



Chapter 15
Two weeks ago
It is a strange sensation when one knows the end is near. Everything is suddenly more vibrant, more vivid: smells are stronger, sounds are louder, lights are brighter. Time seems to slow down and every experience is sweeter.
You count down to the end. You note everything: your last glimpse of sunlight; your last smell of a rose; the last time you will ever feel the breeze on your skin. Each of these sensations is invaluable and tastes better than it has ever tasted before in your life, and you wonder why you have never appreciated it so before.
This is how Kathy was experiencing her world now. Presently she was in a dark, unlit corridor being more or less dragged along by an unfeeling man with a painful grip on her arm. Yet she was at peace. She knew her fate: to be hooked up to one of Cybertech’s machines, plugged into the Cortical Manipulation Matrix and robbed of her identity. There was nothing she could do to change this or stop this. So, she merely put her utmost effort into enjoying her last moment of being Kathy- for who knew what identity she would gain in five minutes, when her soul was sent flying through time and space into another person’s head?
Of course, part of her mind was preoccupied with the death of her friend. She had come to know Ruth quite well during her time in the cage and they had become good friends. What she had learned about Cybertech and her arch-nemesis Doctor Jones was fascinating, but it would unfortunately not be able to release her arm from the grip of a mindless goon or show her the way out of here.
She loved her body. She did not know why she thought this, or why she had never thought it before, but in this moment her mind was clinging on passionately, desperately to her reality and the vehicle that carried her through it. After all, hadn’t her body treated her well? It had taken her everywhere she had ever asked it to; it had breathed for her, pumped blood for her, digested food for her and cleaned out toxins for her. It was a beautiful body. She would miss it when she left it.
And in this moment she loved every bit of it: every freckle, every mole, every pimple, every dimple, every little bit of unwanted fat that she had ever complained about- it was all lovely, beautiful, useful and helpful. 
Her feet walked. Her left foot stepped forward, then her right, then her left once more… she remembered hearing that the feet contain the most nerves in the body and she used them to enjoy the feel of the fabric of her sock and the leather of her shoe. What genius, what craftsmanship must have gone into those items! She had never thought about it before, but how exactly does one make a sock or a shoe? In that moment, she felt infinite gratitude for the people who had worked so hard to ensure that her feet would not be impaled on a piece of glass or scratched by stones and gravel.
And her clothes, and her jewellery, and her hats, and her furniture, and everything in the world she owned or had ever owned! She thanked every one of them, and every person who had ever worked on them. In this moment, when she should have felt despair and fear, there was only peace running through her mind and a sense of infinite interconnectedness with the world.
The pair of them- guard and prisoner- reached the elevator, and she almost gasped as the door opened. Had it always been so… so bright, so shiny, so dazzling? Her eyes scanned every detail of her current location. The walls were so fantastically smooth and the lights on the keypad, where one would key in which floor to go to, were so colourful. How had she not seen this before? It was as if some faculty of her brain, which had never before been accessed, had turned itself on to bid farewell to this world with a bang, with a firework show of perception and lights.
She found her free arm stroking the side of the lift in wonder, and wondered herself if she had been secretly put on some mystery drugs. Her guard eyed her up suspiciously and gave her a slap to stop her weird behaviour. Nevertheless, he could not rid her of her feeling of peace.
The journey was short and the lift soon reached the fifth floor. Her guard marched her out of the elevator and, as she neared the last room she would ever see, her peace of mind began to fragment as reality struck in. Fear and panic began to build; anger and despair and frustration soon followed. She began to struggle against her captor, to want to run and flee and escape, but a sharp slap on her right cheek reminded her of just who had the power in this situation. She was entirely at her guard’s mercy.
They stopped outside room seventeen. Before they could enter, however, the door burst open and a handsome middle aged doctor came rushing out, his white coat hanging loosely behind him as he strode away briskly. A magazine was visible in his hand, though its title was obscured by his fingers. A moment later the familiar face of Doctor Jones appeared from behind the still swinging door and glared after the man who was leaving. The first man froze for a second to glance back, and in that moment the two men shared a look of barely concealed loathing. The new arrivals had evidently caught the tail end of a bitter quarrel.
“We have to take this seriously, you know,” uttered the first man, holding up the magazine. “We can’t just brush a leak like this under the carpet. You’ve got a great mind, Earnest, but sometimes you have a knack for burying your head in the sand.”
“Oh, go away, Curtis,” shouted Jones crossly. “You tell me you’ve plugged the leak, anyway.”
“I have,” Curtis replied. “But we need to do more.”
With that, the handsome doctor departed and Jones regained his composure to greet Kathy.
“Ah, hello again,” he grinned. “Are you ready?”
She did not answer with words but with her feet. They began to kick and push against the ground like when a horse can sense the farmer’s gun and begins to fight with all its might for freedom. Nevertheless, Kathy’s efforts were without success- and did she ever think they wouldn’t be? Gregory, who was at least five times her strength, had not managed to struggle free from his captor’s grip. She suddenly noticed just how fantastically bulky the chest and arms of her escort were.
“Now, don’t struggle,” urged Doctor Jones. “I promise you, you won’t feel a thing. In a short while you won’t even remember who you are.”
A second guard appeared as if from nowhere and grabbed her legs. With the first now holding her arms, the pair of them carried her effortlessly into the awaiting bed and strapped her in. The straps allowed her enough freedom to wriggle about, but this was cruel for it offered her the illusion of escape, a false hope which proved only to increase her despair and anguish.
The guards retreated to the door while Jones walked behind Kathy and began attaching chemical drips to her arms and electrodes to her head. She winced with every injection. 
Her eyes darted around the room, but confirmed that escape would not be an option. Even if by some miracle she could release herself from the restraints on the bed, there stood between her and the corridor two huge men who would simply return her to the bed if she ran away and the procedure would start again. Her fate was sealed.
But maybe Ruth’s was not. From what Ruth had told her, Earnest loved her. He was also a very influential man within the organisation. To Kathy, this man, the “famous Doctor Jones”, was a vile, evil human being who was going to steal her identity and subject her to inhuman treatment. Yet to Ruth, he may yet be her salvation.
“Ruth!” she suddenly blurted out. Her eyes bulged with urgency as she looked up, trying to see the face of her tormentor.
The angle of the bed meant that she could not. He was presently behind her inserting yet another electrode into her skull. Yet her exclamation must have affected him for he suddenly stopped messing about with the wire and moved his face uncomfortably close to Kathy’s, as if inspecting her. His cheeks had turned red and his eyes betrayed a hidden longing.
“Ruth? Why did you say Ruth?” he demanded. He was trying to sound annoyed, authoritative, important- but a quiver in his voice gave away a little too much. She had his interest.
“I met her in the cells. She told me that you thought she was cheating on you, but she wasn’t. She told me the truth: that she had found out about your experiments, like the one you’re trying to do to me. It tore her apart. She knew it was wrong and started to work with TGN. When security found out they took her to the basement. She loves you, but she hates what you’re doing and what you’ve become. When one guard dragged me up here, the other took her for execution.”
The words tumbled out of her mouth almost too quickly to comprehend, but Jones understood them all. His reddened cheeks became deathly pale and he seemed to age ten years. Fear, regret, sorrow and sadness all appeared in his expression at once.
For a second he seemed unsure how to react. This was one of his patients, after all. She did not want to be restrained in here and would say anything to escape or buy a little extra time. For all he knew, she could have heard of Ruth and his relationship to her and simply made this story up to distract him or to get him to release her.
“Prove it,” he ordered. “Prove that you met Ruth. Tell me something to show me you’re not making this up.” He was almost pleading with her, half wanting her words to be true and half wanting her to be lying. In truth, he did not know what he wanted.
Kathy thought for a second. She had spent three days in a cage with this woman, and had spent practically all of that time listening to her talking about herself and her relationship with the man she knew as Earnest. A detail to prove the truth of her account should be easy.
“She told me about your first date,” Kathy remembered. “You took her to a fancy Japanese restaurant called Mount Fuji. You turned up in a pinstripe suit carrying carnations, because you remembered those were her favourite flowers.”
That was enough detail for Doctor Jones. At the very least, he was convinced that this was a woman who knew Ruth very well. With ashen face and eyes widening in terror, he fled from the room in a desperate attempt to rescue the woman he loved.
He pushed past the two guards and disappeared. Kathy looked at her two minders and they looked back with bemused faces. They were clearly unsure how to act in such a situation: matters of the heart were not their speciality and had not arisen before. Staff had always acted with utmost professional conduct and had never abandoned a patient in mid-procedure. Nevertheless, the pair of them maintained their posts by the door, just in case Kathy might untie herself and try to leave.
She pleaded with them to let her free, but they would not listen. She invoked human dignity and human rights; threatened to sue them for false imprisonment; asked them how they would feel if they were in her position. She groped around in the back of her mind and tried to use psychological mind-tricks she had learned from half-forgotten films and documentaries. It was all to no avail. The two guards did not even acknowledge her. They may as well have been statues, although she knew that if she did manage to release herself from her bonds they would suddenly find enough life within themselves to restrain her once more.
She hated those two men now. All brawn and no brain, they clearly lacked the capacity to think for themselves or do a selfless deed. How much human sentiment was required to realise that Kathy’s treatment was inhuman? Was it possible that they were really so devout in their loyalty, or cruel in their apathy, that there was no doubt whatsoever in their minds about the morality of this procedure?
All she could do was struggle, and struggle she did. Yet she knew the bonds would not break. She shouted and screamed, even though no-one who could hear her would have any sympathy. At times like this instinct takes over and there is little separating man from wild animals in how he responds to danger. Her rational mind sat in the back of her skull in depressed knowledge that the end was near and inevitable, and it watched with dark amusement while her body moved and lurched so violently and yet in futility. 
Kathy spent a full half an hour like this before Doctor Jones returned. His face was as ashen as before and Kathy could tell that his mission had not been a success. Either he had failed to stop the execution, or Ruth was already dead. Sorrow and mourning adorned his face, yet as he turned on Kathy it became pure rage as if she were somehow responsible for the death of his beloved. She feared what he would do next.
As it turned out, he was not such a threat and more of a puzzle. He simply glared at Kathy for several minutes with a gaze that burned like fire before retreating to one of the chairs in the corners of the room, sitting down with his head in his hands. He looked at Kathy once more before dismissing the guards and locking the door.
His appearance began to change. He sat there for a good few minutes and as he did so, the fire in his gaze was gradually doused out by the well of his loss until it had become mere ash and embers. When the last spark had died, his body slumped and his face collapsed.
 “I just went down to the basement. She’s… dead. I was too late.” He announced this to Kathy as if speaking to an old friend confessing a deep personal secret. The man before her was now open, vulnerable, and the change was remarkable: aside from wearing the same clothes, the same skin and the same hair, he seemed a different person altogether. 
“You were right,” he said absent-mindedly. It was unclear who he was talking to: although only Kathy was in the room, he seemed to be staring into space as he spoke, as if speaking to an apparition. As fresh tears began to well up in his eyes, he hid his face. Kathy’s mouth was agape: moments before, this man had been a heartless, uncaring man who stole people’s minds for a living. Now, the one thing in the world he cared about had been taken from him and he was like a tortoise without its shell. His steely surface was gone and the soft underbelly was exposed. 
He turned back to Kathy with iron gaze and quivering lip. “She saw that I had become a monster, but she still loved me. But she’s right. I have become a monster. And this machine, this brilliant invention of mine, is evil.” He stood and ran up to the machine to Kathy’s left and kicked it with all his might. From the sound it made, he may well have broken a toe- but he seemed not to care.
“I want to free you,” he suddenly announced, and Kathy’s heart leapt. “What I’m doing here is evil, and I want to undo it.”
Kathy’s heart began to pulse gradually faster, as if taking gentle steps, scarcely believing its luck, before edging up into a full-paced joyful sprint. Could this really be happening? Could the vast tragedy that had been her recent life be about to take an unexpected turn for the better? Reality took on a timeless quality as she watched Jones walk behind her, as if in slow motion, and begin to pull out the electrodes from her skull. As each electrode was pulled out, a tiny, imperceptible rush of air greeted the previously pierced skin and it felt like a cool sea breeze, refreshing her tired mind with hope. 
She loved this man now, she really did. He had so recently been her nemesis; now he was her salvation. With each needle removed, she felt ever closer to freedom, to returning to some measure of normal life. 
All along, it was Jones who had been her tormentor. She understood that now. It was he who had manipulated her reality and given her hallucinations. It was he who had wiped all memory of her from the earth. He had admitted it, even boasted of it before hundreds of people. And, no doubt, it was he who had been responsible for Thomas’ identity crisis. Now that he had repented, now that morality had won out in his rotten heart, all would be well.
She could picture it now: Kathy Turner, walking out into the world and being recognised once more. Going home. Seeing the paintings in Agnes’ alcove not talking to her. Thomas being Thomas again, and Gregory freed. With Jones having seen the light, all would be undone: the sacrifice of one innocent would not have been in vain, for it would have led to the release of many.
“Unless…”
Her dream came to a sudden halt and the world stood still as she was pulled rudely back into reality. Her hope was suspended as the meaning in that word became apparent to her: “Unless...” That is what Doctor Jones had said, and as he said it, he had stopped removing Kathy’s electrodes. That one word showed doubt in Jones’ mind. It showed her that he was not so sure after all about letting her free. Her escape, seconds ago within grasp, was now on hold.
“What are you doing?” she demanded, half-authoritatively and half-desperately.
He did not answer straight-away. Rather, he circled round in front of her, re-entering her field of vision. His face was mournful. That was understandable. Yet Kathy perceived something more than the loss of a loved one. She saw also a sorrow for something which was to come;  long and drawn-out, its conclusion not yet reached.
“How did this all begin, for you?” he asked her. His voice was thick and slow.
“What do you mean?”
“I mean, why did TGN send you here?”
“It wasn’t by choice,” said Kathy. In the absence of any other hypothesis, she speculated that Jones was about to punish her for being associated with his company’s apparent enemy. She feared his repentance may have been short-lived, for emotions in the mind of a man who has lost his beloved are rarely stable. “They forced me.”
“So how did they find you?”
“I infiltrated their offices. I wanted to know how they were linked to Thomas. I swear I didn’t work with them by choice. I am their captive, not their agent.”
“What happened just before you decided to enter their offices?”
Kathy looked at Jones strangely. It was now clear that his line of questioning had nothing to do with TGN. In fact, she could not fathom its direction.
“Thomas, Gregory and I decided to work together,” she said meekly, before realising his question was referring to something else. “I mean, erm, Thomas came back to life. I had found him the night before, and he died. I was the chief suspect in his murder.”
“And how did you find him?”
“A stranger gave me a tip-off. Told me to go to 16 Oxford Street at 9:13 p.m. I went, and there I found Thomas.”
Doctor Jones sighed, as if Kathy’s words had confirmed something regrettable to him.
“How would you describe the stranger?” he asked in an oddly resigned manner.
“Odd,” she replied. “He wore a pinstripe suit. Looked like a gentleman. He simply stood there in silence for a bit and then sat beside me. He didn’t say a lot, but it was okay. It felt comfortable. He…”
Kathy stopped, mid-sentence. She had been about to say that he had been copying her mannerisms exactly- in fact, almost mimicking her- before she realised what Jones must have understood when he stopped unplugging her electrodes. No words were said, but an air of understanding passed between them. She heard his feet move briskly towards the screen behind her and although she could not see what he was doing, his fingers began tapping away busily. After finding what he was looking for, he uttered a defeated sigh once more and Kathy knew that escape would not be coming her way.
“I can’t free you. I’m sorry,” he announced, and Kathy’s heart sank. All hope was now confirmed gone and she felt like the tragic hero of fairytales, where the main character has no choice but to accept her fate, despite its implications.
“This machine doesn’t just move your mind into another person’s head,” he continued. “It can also send your mind through time, to a limited degree. The person who sat next to you and told you precisely when and where to find Thomas was you.”
She had realised it already, but the confirmation choked her. She had already placed the noose around her neck and Jones’ words kicked out the stop from beneath her feet; she felt her body hang in despair and bitter defeat, and could find no motivation or strength to resist.
“I have no choice but to continue the procedure. Your mind was in that stranger’s head. It is a matter of fact- the Matrix confirms it,” he explained with heavy heart. Evidently that was what he had been checking when his fingers had been busy on the Wall. “If I don’t do this procedure, then we create a paradox. What has happened already must happen once more.”
“Why?” Kathy uttered weakly. The word barely left her throat, such was her weakness now, and it was barely a whisper. Nevertheless, he could hear her. He spoke compassionately when he replied.
“The fact that it has happened shows that it must happen. We’re playing with a weird form of causality here. Every effect must have a cause. That man telling you where to find Thomas- that was the effect. This procedure, here, today, is the cause.”
Her mind probed his argument. Her thoughts were weak and it took all her effort to push her neurons into action, to find a counter-argument to win her freedom. The best she could come up with was:
“We could rewrite history.”
“So that you were never told where to find Thomas, and you never end up here?” He smiled sadly. “It doesn’t work like that I’m afraid. Time doesn’t get rewritten.”
“This situation isn’t without hope, though,” he said, suddenly with a lift to his voice. “I take it TGN didn’t send you here with nothing? No?” He smiled as Kathy shook her head. “What was it?” he asked.
“Contact lens cameras,” she said drily. She was once more astonished by her voice and just how hollow it sounded now.
“With a live video link, I’m guessing,” smiled Jones. “Good. Then they know what we’re doing here at Cybertech. I don’t know what they can do with that information, but hopefully they can do something. Bring down this infernal system.” He kicked the machine in the corner once more and allowed a solitary tear to fall from his eye.
“I’m sorry, I really am,” he continued. “But I have to continue setting up the machine, and then I have to turn it on. I’ll send your mind into the head of that stranger and you have to do and say exactly what you remember seeing him do and say, understand?”
Kathy bit her lip and nodded. She suddenly remembered something, though. The suited man had told her to go to 16 Oxford Street at 9:13 p.m., but then something had happened to him. There had been two men with a remote control who had made the man change, return to his previous identity. He had feared that they might do something, but had refused to say who ‘they’ were. Was that what fate had in store for her? Kathy Turner, forgotten first by the world and then even by herself, as if she had never existed?
She posed this question to Doctor Jones, who responded obligingly. There was some sort of rapport growing between them now: the man who had once been her nemesis was now a changed man, and one whom she was beginning to feel she could trust. 
“I’m afraid I cannot explain that,” he replied, puzzled. “My only guess is that those two men were from TGN. They have, apparently, been watching us here for some time. Clearly they have some grasp of our technology and know how to disrupt it. They must have reset your mind to that of your future host body; presumably to prevent your younger self from interrupting what they were doing with Thomas. Of course, they could not prevent the inevitable.”
“And, of course, because you now know this, you will be fearing that they are after you. But you must not tell your younger self any of this.”
That was the most heart-wrenching part for Kathy. If she were able, she would have explained everything to her past self to prevent her from having to live in this terrible, terrible time loop. But she could not. She understood well the need to avoid a paradox.
One question remained, however. A question which had remained unanswered since the very beginning, which had at the start been the most crucial mystery of this whole case.
“Doctor Jones,” asked Kathy. “Who exactly are TGN? I’ve investigated them and gone undercover for them, but I still don’t know.”
He looked at Kathy as an executioner would look at his innocent victim: with pity, ready to oblige her every request for he knows she is innocent. He bit his lip in thought and answered her.
“Honestly, we don’t know fully,” he admitted. “They are a private investigation firm and a rival of ours. They have been developing a similar technology to us, but using it for different purposes. Our patients”- he said the word with utter disgust and vehemence, now horrified by the procedure he had created- “have their minds sent into other people’s bodies. When that happens, they take on the identity of their host body and start to believe that they are their host. Recently- very recently, actually; Thomas was the first case-  TGN has started to disrupt our signals so that they remember who they truly are, probably in the hope that, armed with that knowledge, the truth about what is happening here will get out.”
“Who knows? Maybe they’ll be successful,” Jones mused, with more than a hint of hope.
He went back to setting up the procedure. He began once more inserting drips and electrodes into her body. She scrunched up her face in pain whenever one of these penetrated her skin, but she made no noise. The pair of them, in fact, continued in utter silence: Doctor Jones contemplating the awful things he was responsible for, and Kathy thinking over the terrible fate that lay before her.
“I’m done,” said Doctor Jones presently. “All I need to do now is inject you with this needle and you’ll be on your way.”
Kathy looked at him imploringly, but she knew that she could not escape her fate. Yet she was not done with this reality yet.
“Before you do that,” she asked, “could you tell me what happened to Thomas and Gregory?”
Doctor Jones looked pained at this request. Understandably so, for Gregory had been his last patient. He had fully repented of his ways now but when he had administered the injection to Gregory he had been his previous, evil self. Talking about it reminded him of the monster he had become and the love he had lost.
Nevertheless, he obliged Kathy her last request.



Chapter 16
The story of Thomas and Gregory
Thomas was awoken by the same sirens which had roused Kathy.
Yet he was not in the same place as her. His sharp mind and keen senses took stock of his location before he even twitched a finger; his eyes darting to and fro to take in a visual record.
He was in a store room. To his left were shelves and buckets and brooms; to his right, a short walkway to yet more shelves and buckets and brooms. To his right was also Gregory. He was still snoozing: unconscious but relaxed. Straight in front of him was a door.
The walls were metallic and futuristic. Spaced along them evenly was one recurring logo which confirmed his suspicions: the robotic fist and the embossed word CYBERTECH. He had no idea how, but TGN had carried both him and Gregory unconscious right into the gaping jaws of the beast and left them there.
They had also left a mobile phone. Presently it rang.
“Good afternoon,” chimed the creamy voice of Douglas Carswell when Thomas answered. “Or is it morning, or even evening? You never can tell in that place, can you?”
“You’re in the belly of the proverbial beast, if you had not already guessed,” he continued. “We dropped you off in the middle of Cybertech for a bit of espionage. I’m afraid things got a little hairy on the way in. We had to deposit your friend elsewhere, but I’m sure you’ll find each other.”
“What do you want us to do?” asked Thomas in his direct manner. As he saw it, he was at the mercy of this man. TGN had got them in and TGN were the only people who might be able to get them out, so it was important to remain on their good side.
“Ah, a co-operative one!” Douglas said with glee. “You have your contact lens cameras. We can see everything you can. Simply explore your surroundings and find out as much as you can. We’ll get you out when we know enough.”
“And these sirens?” Thomas pointed out. “It sounds like something big is happening. I don’t think now will be an easy time to go snooping.”
“Yes, that does make things a little trickier, doesn’t it?” Douglas agreed. “Still, you know your mission. Good luck.”
With that, the line went dead. Thomas examined the phone and saw that it was designed to only receive phone calls rather than send them: there was no way for him to return the call, or even to see the number it came from.
He looked to his right. Gregory was stirring. It appeared that he had been enjoying his slumber: he was mumbling incoherently and smiling to himself. Yet as his eyes reluctantly began to open and he became aware of his surroundings, he jolted upright. His head began to rotate like an owl until his eyes reached those of Thomas, when they locked.
“Where are we?” he asked. Panic was palpable in his voice.
“In the heart of Cybtertech Industries’ headquarters. TGN want us to do some spying, and then they’ll get us out of here.”
Gregory’s eyes grew wide and fear etched itself on his face. “Bugger that!” he shouted suddenly. He stood up and began running for the door. For a man so muscular and so apparently physically fit, his lumbering frame appeared surprisingly awkward as he bounded forward. Thomas stood up too and grasped Gregory’s arm to stop him.
“Stop!” he ordered. “TGN are clearly a very powerful and very clever organisation. They drugged us and somehow managed to get us into this high security building without anyone seeing us. They were the only ones who could get us in, and they’re the only ones with any chance of getting us out. We need to do what they say.”
Gregory froze and paused to think. His expression was comical: part of him wanted to flee, while another equally large part wanted simply to freeze like a startled deer, and both parts ruled different parts of his face. His eyelids twitched maniacally as if his facial muscles were overloaded by conflicting messages. Both parts, however, were governed by a base instinctive panic. In this moment his face was less like a human’s and more like that of a cornered beast. 
He considered Thomas’ argument for but a second before rejecting it and turning back towards the door. When Thomas tried to stop him again, he used his powerful muscles to shove him out of the way and make his escape. Winded, Thomas could only watch as his partner wrenched the door open and disappeared onto the other side.
A bright light flooded in momentarily as the door opened and he suddenly noticed how dark the store room in which he found himself was. The sirens, too, became deafening; so much so that Thomas was forced to cover his ears as he lurched backwards from the force of Gregory’s punch. His back impacted painfully on the shelves behind him and mops, brushes and pans clattered down from above him onto his head and shoulders.
The whole moment lasted but a second; then Gregory was gone and Thomas was left lying against the side of the store room nursing his bruises and groaning in pain. He felt a shooting agony in his left shoulder from where a hammer had fallen on him. A mop was leaning on his other side and a strange black powder now covered half of his face. Nevertheless, time was of the essence. He could not waste a second sitting here, for every second wasted meant he was a second further from his freedom. 
So he stood up, brushed himself down and did his best to ignore his aches and pains. As much as he resented Gregory for leaving him and going it solo, he had done the right thing by running out the door. There was nothing to be gained from waiting or planning. After all, he had no idea what lay out there. A nervous tension arose inside him accompanied by the excitement he had learnt to associate with his previous undercover investigations; in fact, although the complete secrecy and mystery of this mission should have scared him, it merely made the whole affair an even greater adventure for him. 
He grabbed a disguise (a battered lab coat lying nearby), rubbed his hands in glee and pushed the door open, ready for whatever lay outside.
The first thing he noticed were the sirens: those endless, blazing, deafening sirens. His hands instinctively flew to his ears and his eyes inexplicably screwed themselves up to protect themselves from the uproar outside. His will triumphed, though, and he forced his eyelids open so that he could get a view of his surroundings and decide where to go next.
He had walked out into a busy corridor. Men in white coats ran up and down in urgency and panic. Luckily, though, they were too engrossed in their emergency to notice the man who had walked out of the cupboard; moreover, they were all covering their ears too, so Thomas did not look out of place. He decided to join the crowd and rush off in whatever direction they were all going.
They were going left, and so he started to run left, too. His running companions were shouting and spluttering to each other, yet Thomas could not catch a whole sentence: mere solitary words such as “rush”, “cortical” and “breach” reached his ears from the mouths of his new colleagues. He supposed it was important to work out what was happening to panic all these scientists, but he would ask later. For the moment, the panic was a perfect cover for his movements.
There was an open door to the right. He rushed in as if he were an official and slammed the door shut. Nobody questioned him, and nor did he expect them to, for he knew that if you act confidently like you’re supposed to be somewhere, you normally don’t get challenged.
He found himself in what looked like an empty classroom. A blackboard lay to his right with some incomprehensible half-finished equations scrawled on it. To his left were wooden desks and chairs. The whole scene was reminiscent of a classroom from the 1950s (there was even a cane leaning against the corner) and it clashed oddly with the rest of the interior he had seen so far. It certainly didn’t go well with the future-according-to-the-eighties theme which seemed to be going on in the corridor.
Right before him, between the desks and the blackboard, was a large table. While there was nothing on top of it, Thomas could spy drawers underneath which may have contained something useful. He therefore went straight over to them and began snooping.
Normally he would have been discreet, but given the general atmosphere of panic he figured that it wouldn’t look out of place for an employee of this establishment to be ruffling through papers in an urgent manner as if searching for an important document. And with his old lab coat on, he was confident that a quick glance through the door’s window from someone outside would not raise any suspicions.
In truth, though, he did not know what he was looking for. The first two drawers contained mere stationery: rubbers, pencils and the like. It was only when he opened the third drawer that he found any papers.
Most of them were to do with accounts. He found papers with the words ‘overhead’ and ‘tax deductible’ and other such incomprehensible phrases written on them. They meant nothing to him, but given that TGN had not told him what to look for, he scanned them anyway in case the man watching the footage from his camera contact lenses took an interest and wanted to see more.
He began to wonder what precisely TGN did want from him, Gregory and Kathy. They had dropped them off in the centre of the enemy’s building without being caught… surely they could then have dropped off one of their own agents, with experience and training? It made Thomas wonder whether TGN was actually working with Cybertech, or whether they even had any intention of getting the three of them out alive…
Such thinking was not conducive to the situation, however. He had to think positive. As he saw it, if TGN were double crossers, he was done for already- whatever he did. If they were not, his best chance of escape lay in doing whatever they wanted and waiting for them to rescue him. Then, hopefully, they would have the information they needed and let the three of them go free- with the answers they had come to seek, of course.
Presently he opened the fourth drawer and found two documents of great interest to him. The first item was a discarded blueprint for a machine. The head of the document was labelled “Cortical Manipulation Matrix mark III”. There was a date on the bottom right hand corner: 20th July, 2006. This was old, then. Nevertheless, despite the fact that the formulae and designs went right over Thomas’ head, he reasoned that TGN might be interested in this and took a good, long look at it for them.
The second item was an old copy of Science Today, its pages battered and torn as if someone had screwed it up in great frustration. He recognised it immediately as the magazine Vera Pidgeonsworth had been reading on the day before his abduction by TGN. It felt so long ago now, but the memory came back to him as clear as a summer’s stream of her wondrous expression and her insistence that she could see something in his eyes. His desire to have her explain herself had been thwarted by the arrival of her headmaster.   
Yet here was his opportunity to read what she had been reading and perhaps discover the answer to his long-held curiosity. The front cover pointed his attention to an article entitled “Cortical Confusion: Are You Who You Think You Are?”, which could be found on page 12. He hurriedly flicked through the pages until he found it and began reading voraciously.
The article explained in simple language the theoretical discoveries of a Doctor Earnest Jones. It discussed the possibility of creating machines which could use his discoveries to transfer the human mind from person to person, although the debate was purely theoretical and the paper seemed unaware that such machines already existed. One interesting segment to the side of the page caught Thomas’ eye immediately. It was entitled “How to tell if your mind is not your own” and read thus:
Although this technology is purely theoretical at the moment, it is a very realistic possibility that such machines may exist in the near future. Given their capability to send the human mind through time as well as space, it seems entirely possible that some people are even now living with borrowed minds, mistakenly convinced that their memories are their own. Here are a few tips on how to tell if you are such a person.
The only real clue can be found in the eyes, yet it can be almost impossible to spot. An interesting finding in Cortical Field research has revealed that the individual iris pattern of a person is somehow linked to their consciousness, so that if their consciousness is transferred, that iris pattern travels with it. The iris pattern is as unique as a person’s fingerprint. Nevertheless, very few people will be able to notice this difference, and so it remains the case that someone living with a borrowed mind will most likely not find out. 

A sudden dryness assaulted his throat as his rational mind worked through the implications. That girl, so many days ago, had told him, “there’s something in your eye.” How she had been able to detect it he was not sure, but if she was right then the sickening thought that he may not be himself was a real possibility.
He suddenly reeled back. His back hit the wall with a thud and a crash, and he found his head spinning. It was as if he had just had a flashback. It was like that day on the tube in London, before this had even begun. Simultaneous to the workings of his rational mind, his unconscious had drawn something deeper from the article and was screaming at him: Get Out. A sudden instinctive fear and panic began to grow in him and he lost all faith that TGN would ever rescue him; rather, with growing certainty he realised that he would die in this cursed building before the hour was out.
 But why? How? Where had these alien ideas and borrowed memories come from? An image came to him: his own death, at the end of a pistol; he was watching it from five paces away and his face was contorted in abject horror. And this was an image like a recollection, not like something produced in the imagination.
Another image came to him: he was lying on a bed, similar to the one he had seen in the blueprints, and a podgy, balding Doctor was leaning over him with a needle….
His hands flew to the sides of his head to stop the images. He had always been a calm, rational person, working better under pressure than at any other time- so where had this panic come from? He wanted to freeze or to flee, or to do both at the same time, if possible… yet these were his instincts talking. His mind, his rational mind, knew that running would be a mistake, that his only way out was through TGN.
His instincts won out. They were more powerful than he had ever known them and he fled for the door and turned right, back into the panic that was gripping the staff here. The sirens and the lights and the people only served to build up his panic even more: had they always been this loud, this bright, this chaotic? He had never known fear like this and urged his feet to move faster, ever faster…
To where, he did not know. To an elevator and down to the lobby, perhaps. Five minutes ago he would have understood that this was really no option because the elevator would undoubtedly require some sort of security pass and even if he made it downstairs, he would never make it out the building before being captured. Nevertheless now he clung onto any hope.
Luckily the other men in lab coats were still rushing around, so he had some measure of disguise. However, they were rushing in a manner of professional urgency. Even in a crowd such as that, it is easy to tell the difference between a professional in a hurry and a man in blind panic. Thomas thus began to notice the people he passed glancing at him with curiosity, even animosity on some occasions. His cover was blown. His rational mind begged him to stop, but his instincts kept driving him on like a jockey with a whip.
He found the elevator. But, as he knew it would be, he could not open it. Even if he were able to steal an ID card from someone, he would never pass the retina scan or fingerprint test. His hopes should have been dashed, but his instincts drove him on still further: run, run, run!
Yet he stopped. There he stood, transfixed before the door to the elevator, unable to move. He wanted to- of course he wanted to! He was so self conscious now and painfully aware of the eyes of the men rushing past fixing on him. Gradually their glances became stares and their rushing became ambling, until they had slowed so much that they had practically stopped and were now openly discussing the case of the man frozen in the corridor.
“What should we do with him?” one asked.
“I don’t know- poor devil, the fright has got to him. Get him to the nurse, quickly!” suggested another.
Thomas’ rational mind breathed a mental sigh of relief as he realised that these men in white coats were treating him as a stressed colleague, not as a fugitive or intruder. He still had a chance. If he had been himself, he would have coolly brushed off their comments, insisted he was fine and carried on his way, exuding an outer air of calm and control.
Yet he was not himself. He felt less and less like Thomas every second. And as Gregory came hurtling round the corner and nearly crashed into him, he realised with horror that it was like looking into a mirror: he was Gregory, and Gregory was him.
Suddenly the memories came flooding back. The time spent at TGN being deprogrammed. What had happened yesterday, when he had been dragged away by their goons and hypnotised into once more taking on another man’s identity. Finally, most crucially and most painfully, he remembered being the man in front of him; he remembered precisely what must happen next: being dragged away and implanted in that horrific machine, and finding himself in the head of a man named Thomas Wilson as he stepped off the London underground one morning so long ago, with his memories and identity stripped of him and replaced by that of another man.
He also remembered his final fate, the end of this infinite loop. He remembered being the man now in front of him and watching as the man he now was died before him from a gunshot wound…
The crowd around them was no longer sympathetic. They understood perfectly what was happening, for they worked with the Cortical Manipulation Matrix every day and they knew that what they saw before them was the same man in two bodies at different points in his personal timeline. The faces of Thomas and Gregory now resembled each other’s perfectly in expression and pose. Although they did not know who was who, it was clear to those assembled that one of these men was the original, and the other was the man who now carried the original’s mind after it had been flung back into the past and into his head.
One man, however, did know which was which. The still sinister voice of Doctor Jones chimed over the excited hubbub, “Thomas Wilson, I presume?”
And out from the crowd came three men: the creepy, greasy face of Earnest Jones in the middle, with his ever present security staff shadowing him at his sides. The two Gregorys turned in silent horror to face their enemy: one of them knowing precisely what was going to happen, the other with similar fears. 
A fourth man, whom the reader would recognise as Doctor Curtis, stepped forth from behind Doctor Jones. He was very much a background character who clearly wanted to be part of the action but was merely an observer, a sidekick to Doctor Jones. His face twinged with envy as he looked at his superior as if he wished he were the famous one, standing in front of everyone else receiving their adulation. As it was, however, he occupied second place on this stage and attracted no-one’s attention. 
By now all shades of Thomas’ personality had been stripped of him and, although Thomas’ body stood before Jones, it was most certainly Gregory who inhabited it. He therefore froze, as Gregory has been known to do in such panic-laden situations. No words came out of his mouth for none could. Although he was a scared man, he was a clever man and not only knew what was going to happen, but knew that it must: for if he did manage to escape, if he was not killed here, then how would his younger self standing right next to him have ended up in Thomas’ head? He would not have, and however attractive that proposition was right now, he knew that to prevent the inevitable would be impossible. It would create a paradox. Because it had already happened, it must happen once more.
“But we all know your real identity now,” continued Jones evilly. “I can tell from the look on your face.”
He turned to address the original Gregory, who had not yet understood fully. “Can you not see?” he asked. “The man next to you… is you!”
The original Gregory finally understood. He turned his head towards the Gregory inhabiting Thomas and each of them recognised the identical look of terror in each other’s eyes. 
“We have here machines which can rip your mind from your body and send it into another person’s body,” explained Jones lyrically, just in case Gregory had not fully understood. “They can also send your mind into another time. So the man standing next to you is you. What we are going to do is this: we will kill Thomas, er, Thomas-Gregory… my, this is confusing, isn’t it?” he chortled.   
“Anyway, we will kill you,” he said, pointing towards Gregory-inhabiting-Thomas “and then we will send your mind, Gregory, into the body of Thomas at some point in the past. You will then enjoy a blissful, ignorant existence until you inevitably return here and- ah, look!- you realise the horror of your fate, but also its inevitability. In essence, this is the cruellest of executions. But also the most kind.”
Gregory-in-Thomas looked around, appealing to those gathered around not to allow this travesty to occur. Yet it was like they were under a spell. As soon as Doctor Jones had entered the fray, their whole attention had turned to him as if he were their god, their idol; as if he could do no wrong and whatever he said or did was instantly beyond reproach. Not one solitary employee of this sordid industry appeared horrified or shocked by what had just been pronounced.
The death was quick. In a way it was a blessing, for Gregory-in-Thomas was not even aware a gunshot had been fired before his empty body crashed to the floor, finally dead. The bullet entered his skull and killed him instantly before he could even feel it.
Of course, the mess was appalling. A pool of blood began to form below where his head had fallen, permanently staining the nice woollen carpet in this area. A cleaner walked by and gave Doctor Jones an angry glare. Yet that was the extent of regret or sympathy from any employee of Cybertech. As soon as Gregory-in-Thomas had been killed, the original Gregory was scooped up in the strong arms of a security guard and carried kicking and screaming into room fifteen. With that, the incident was over, the sirens ended and the cleaner reluctantly went to mop up the blood.
The shot had not been fired by Doctor Jones. He had, however, ordered the shooting, which had been carried out by the guard to his right. He had been completely po-faced as he pulled the trigger, as if taking a human life was no big deal at all. And that had been the end of Gregory: no tears, no sadness; just a cleaner annoyed that her carpet was now stained.
The inhumanity and horror of it all was clear in original Gregory’s head. Room fifteen was fairly near to the site of Gregory’s murder so it took less than five minutes to get there. Had Gregory been able to escape, however, he would not have been able to find his way through this maze of corridors. It seemed that the building had been designed this way to ensure that only employees could successfully navigate around it and intruders or escapees were guaranteed to end up lost. 
He put up a fight. Gregory was not weak and he used his formidable muscles to try to kick and punch and push and struggle his way out of the grip of his captors- but to no avail. They were simply stronger than him, with chests and forearms at least twice the size of his.
Presently they reached the door to room fifteen. The four of them entered a room already familiar to the reader, so I will not describe it unnecessarily. He was strapped in quickly and unceremoniously. Wires and electrodes were roughly stabbed into his skull, several times in some cases where the operator didn’t get it in the right place first time. Every electrode and every drip hurt like hell and the stabbing pains enraged Gregory even more. It was not easy to do the procedure with a patient panicking as he was.
He shouted and splutter; he raged and roared. His words would have no effect on his tormentors, but it felt better than simply sitting there, doing nothing and taking it like a coward. If he was going to go, he would go down fighting.
But he had already seen his death. What man would want to see their death before their time? He knew exactly how and when it would occur, and it weighed heavily and painfully on his mind. It slowed his thinking down but spurred his muscles- anything, anything to escape. 
“Why?” he roared at last. The least they could do was to spare him the indignity of an unexplained death.
“To shut you up, of course!” explained Doctor Jones. “I’m sorry, but you’ve seen too much. We can’t have you blabbering to the whole world about what’s going on in here.”
“TGN are watching!” Gregory yelled, trying to scare the team of doctors and technicians who had appeared from nowhere around him. “They gave us contact lens cameras. They’ve seen everything.”
A look of annoyance flashed across Doctor Jones’ face. He roughly jabbed his fingers into Gregory’s eyes and pulled out the contact lenses while two technicians held his eyelids open. Gregory roared with pain: Jones was not gentle and, after he had taken the lenses out, Gregory was sure the vision in his left eye had been damaged by his rough hands. This did not matter to his tormentors, however.
Jones inspected the lens and smirked. “TGN will not be a problem,” he declared without explanation, and threw the lenses away.
Gregory wanted to ask why, but he could not. His energy was almost drained and with his last hope gone, he simply sank into the bed and accepted his fate. Of course he still struggled, but there was a noted lack of energy now in his efforts as if they were merely obligatory but there was no passion, no hope, no belief present in them. 
A whirring noise came from behind his head to the left. He could not see what it was, but guessed that it was the Cortical Manipulation Matrix firing up. The room suddenly became lit up by a strange, blue aura as everyone in it turned to look at the screen that had just appeared behind Gregory’s head.
Doctor Jones and a colleague began to press buttons on it like an interactive whiteboard. They inspected brainwave patterns and cell diagrams; bar charts and equations. Soon they were done, and Jones clasped his hands in glee.
He picked up a needle from beside the bed and leered over Gregory. He then uttered the last words Gregory would ever hear from inside his own body:
“There, now, this won’t hurt a bit…”



Prologue
1: At TGN
Two weeks ago
The last screen on the monitor went dead and Douglas Carswell banged his fist on the table before him. The door opened.
“Everything alright, chief?” asked the cool voice of Albert Pieterson.
Douglas looked up from his desk at his colleague. “Close the Wilson file, Pieterson,” he ordered. “It’s finished now.”
Pieterson walked into the office to inspect the monitors Douglas had been watching.
“What were you watching, chief?” he asked.
“We sent three agents in to Cybertech undercover: Kathy Turner, Gregory Smith and Thomas Wilson. None of them made it out alive.”
“I’m sorry, chief,” consoled Pieterson. He sounded anything but sorry, however. Pieterson was the type of person who had suppressed all emotion long ago and lived solely for his job.
“No, no, don’t be, old chap. It always had to be this way. I just wish it didn’t.”
Pieterson’s expression did not change. It remained fixed in its permanent frown which adorned his features whether he was happy or sad; tired or angry. Nevertheless, Douglas had been working with Pieterson for years. A subtle twitch of his left eyebrow let Douglas know that under his frozen surface, Pieterson was confused.
“Cybertech’s machines can transport a person’s mind through time and space,” he explained. “Thomas never really was Thomas. All this time, he had been Gregory Smith, but unaware of it.”
“I know that, chief,” said Pieterson. 
“Yes, but he became Thomas today. Unless we had sent Gregory on that mission, he would never have been captured and would never have become Thomas. We would then never have discovered what was going on in Cybertech.”
“I thought Ruth Phillips had given us information?” queried Pieterson.
“She did. It was enough to understand the science and technology behind the machines, but we needed a man- or several- on the inside to find out exactly how the organisation worked. The information from their contact lens cameras has given us all we need to know.”
“For what, chief?”
“For the destruction of Cybertech Industries. They live in perpetual fear of being exposed, of people realising what they are doing. We have enough information now to make this information public, and given that Cybertech are responsible for the disappearance of three Daily Herald journalists, I jolly well think we have at least one newspaper willing to print the story.”
Douglas pressed a button on the computer console before him and removed a USB stick. He then handed it over to Pieterson.
“Take this down to the Daily Herald’s offices. When they see this, they’ll know what to do.”
2: In the basement
Present day
Doctor Jones has been in the basement for several hours now. His eyes have gradually become used to the gloom, but he wishes they hadn’t: being able to see the filth he is sitting in only makes his situation feel even worse.
Presently Doctor Curtis comes to visit him. Jones’ back is facing the entrance to his cell, so the first he hears of Curtis’ arrival is the banging of the steel bars as Curtis tries to gain his attention.
“Hello, old friend,” smiles Curtis. It is an empty smile, however, devoid of emotion or real feeling.
Jones merely grunts. He is not interested in seeing anyone right now, least of all the man who shopped him in.
“I’m sorry it had to be this way,” continues Curtis. “But you did dig your own grave.”
“And,” he says, as he begins to pace up and down in front of Jones’ cell, “your efforts were in vain, were they not?”
Jones turns his head sharply to shoot an accusing look at his visitor. “They were necessary,” he says simply.
“Necessary, maybe. I understand all that stuff about paradoxes and making sure that what has already happened happens once more. But, I mean, nothing really came of your little sacrifice, did it?”
Jones turns his back once more and grunts. This does not stop Curtis; in fact, he is rather enjoying the torment he is causing.
“Your great hope, and that of TGN, was that by allowing Thomas to see that he was not really himself, word would get out about the ‘horrors’ of what we’re doing here and Cybertech Industries would start to collapse. That’s right, isn’t it?”
Curtis is smiling mockingly. Jones loathes this man right now.
“There was the article,” interjects Jones reluctantly.
“Ah, yes, that article! Front page of the Daily Herald two weeks ago… yes, I’ll give you that, it was embarrassing for us,” mutters Curtis absent-mindedly. “But you’re not getting it, are you? Sure, the police came in and tried to close us down, and the Cortical department is in the process of being shut down too, but Cybertech survived, didn’t it?”
Curtis leans closer. “You may have had the victory today, but don’t you realise the power of your machines? As soon as the fuzz are done with us, we can simply recreate one of them, use your discovery to manipulate the collective mind and make everybody forget that we ever existed. This is only a temporary setback.”
“And then…” begins Curtis excitedly, eyes growing wide and wild with glee. “And then… power! You yourself said it. If you can control what people are thinking, who people are- well, that’s the ultimate, isn’t it?”
Curtis pauses. “You could have been in on it, too,” he shakes his head sadly. “You could have led us there. But instead you chose to betray us. Well, you deserve what’s coming to you.”
Jones looks at his colleague sadly. He knows that Curtis is right. All this effort and sacrifice- for nothing. He is trying to justify what he did, to salvage some success from a steaming pile of failure, but in truth Cybertech Industries will soon be strong and profitable once more, and will return to conducting its experiments. Who knows- maybe you’re not really who you think you are?
“There’s TGN,” points out Jones. “They stopped us this time. What makes you think they won’t do it again?”
Curtis is disgusted by Jones’ question. He puts his face as close to the cell bars as he possibly can and almost spits on Jones. Although it remains wordless, Jones can read his facial expression: you make me sick. He shakes his head mockingly.
“Face it,” Curtis concludes triumphantly. “Your noble, heroic self-sacrifice for the sake of your patients and your dead girlfriend was for nothing.”
With that, he turns his back and walks out of the basement and into the gloom accompanied by two grinning security guards. 
3: Kathy’s story
Three weeks ago
Doctor Jones had not been lying. The procedure was largely painless, save for the small prick she felt in her arm as he administered the poison. It had not been pleasant to feel or watch as it proceeded along her blood vessels on its slow journey into her brain, but the sensation had not lasted long and soon she felt herself fading out of existence and leaving her body forever.
She did not lose herself, however. Doctor Jones had made it so that the machine would transfer her mind into another body in a way that would keep her memories and identity intact. This would give her enough time to say what she needed to her past self before the inevitable happened. She could remember watching the stranger by the tree suddenly change personality when the men in suits pressed their button, and she knew that would happen to her.
Vision and sound and touch and feeling vanished for a second and she became a mere being of energy floating in nothingness. She felt a brief sensation of oneness with everything in existence before plunging headlong into the head of another man.
Sensation returned to her. She found herself blinking in the afternoon sunlight standing on the pavement of a busy London street. She was standing beside the reflective window of a famous clothing shop and looked into it to see who she had become. Her new body was exactly what she had expected: the pinstripe trousers, the walking stick, the bowler cap; yes, she had become the man she had met in the park. 
She sighed. Or rather, he sighed, for her voice had now become deep and manly. It was strange for her to be speaking with such a voice, so much so that she was almost startled by her own question when she asked a stranger for the best route to the park.
It was but a five minute walk away. She put one foot in front of each other, wishing she could go somewhere else and spare her younger self the future she knew she would suffer. Yet that was not an option. It had happened this way, and so it must happen this way once more. 
Presently she reached the park. Younger Kathy was easy to find: the dishevelled redhead sitting beside a tree looking forlorn caught her eye immediately. She approached and stood next to her.
It was comical seeing her younger self. She had obviously never had the opportunity to look at her body from the outside, and to be honest she was pretty pleased with what she saw. All the fat and imperfections which had obsessed her while she had occupied that body were now invisible and she realised that she had been stressing over nothing her whole life. 
Her younger self looked up, and she took the cue to sit down and join her. 
She found that she had nothing to say to her younger self. Yet that was untrue- there were so many things she did want to say, but knew she could not, for she was limited to saying and doing only that which she remembered seeing the stranger in the bowler hat saying and doing. To say anything else would distort the timeline. 
And so the pair sat in amused silence for many minutes. They soon broke into spontaneous, inexplicable laughter, and the two Kathys enjoyed each other’s company for a while. For her younger self, it was welcome relief from the recent trauma of finding out the world had forgotten her; for her current self, from the trauma of knowing that the end was nigh. 
“What’s your name?” her younger self suddenly asked.
Kathy was thrown. She screwed her face up in thought- what should she say? Firstly, she did not know the name of the person whose body she was inhabiting. Secondly, she could not say “Kathy Turner”, for that would freak out her already frazzled younger self even more. As it happened, however, she need not have worried. She remembered watching the pinstriped stranger shrugging his shoulders and laughing at her question- and so she did the same. 
The laughter subsided after about ten minutes and the pair sat in silence for some time. She knew her younger self was reminiscing about university days now, and she decided to do the same. The comfort of familiar memories was welcome to her. Yet she could not hold her thoughts on the subject, and they soon turned to consider her younger self and the terrible events she had just experienced, and those she was about to experience. Kathy’s gaze became involuntarily fixed on her face: the face she had until recently worn so well, and which she had now lost forever.
Younger Kathy suddenly noticed that her future self was looking at her. She looked back at the pinstriped stranger beside her, and the pair of them shared a deep moment. They looked into each other’s eyes and each saw an identical soul staring back. Of course, Kathy fully understood why this was, but her younger self appeared confused by the connection.
She suddenly remembered that at this point the mind of her younger self had been occupied by worries about whether her life was fact or fiction and resolved to open her mouth to say the comforting words she remembered hearing so long ago from the stranger by the tree:
“It is real. It is all real. It’s okay. I understand. I know everything that has happened to you today, and yesterday, and in the past few weeks and I can’t tell you how I know. You’ll have to trust me, and I know that’s difficult coming from a stranger who is only just now speaking to you for the first time, but this is important.”
Her younger self stared back, mouth agape. Kathy’s borrowed mouth paused from talking, and her borrowed eyes began scanning her surroundings. She felt her stomach drop as she saw the inevitable: two suited men, casually strolling through the park. The end was close. 
“I don’t know how long I have left. They could be monitoring our - sorry, my - every move,” she said. She cursed herself for that slip of the tongue- ‘our’? Yet she forgave herself when she remembered that as her younger self, she had merely been confused by the stranger’s words.
And who was this they, she pondered? Jones had thought it was TGN and that seemed likely. Yet it made no sense, for TGN had been the ones who had recruited her to infiltrate Cybertech, and that would never have happened if her younger self had been prevented from finding them. TGN… after all she had been through, they still made no sense to her.
She glanced back at the suited men and realised she needed to hurry up. She was here for one reason only: to make sure her younger self was in the right place at the right time to find Thomas.
“Go to Oxford Street. Find 16 Oxford Street, and be there at precisely thirteen minutes past nine tonight. It is vitally important,” she said urgently.
Doubt entered her mind. Perhaps… perhaps she could save her younger self from the fate her older self had suffered? Had she made a mistake in giving her this instruction?
Her thoughts came out as words, mumbling and not fully formed: “Actually, I…. I don’t know if that’s…”
But she resolved herself mid-sentence. To not send her younger self to meet Thomas would create a paradox; besides, whether her younger self went or not, she would still be suffering as the victim of an evil experiment by Cybertech Industries. At least this way, she would find her best friend and find answers… even if such a quest would lead her to the terrible, terrible fate Kathy was now subjected to.
“No, go. You must. We- sorry, you- have no choice,” she therefore said, contradicting her previous doubts. Yet her tone was not confident and her voice was faltering. 
“We can’t avoid it, anyway…” she continued, her voice growing weaker. She eyed the two suited men reaching for their remote control and knew her identity was beginning to fade, and that soon she would take on the memories and personality of the body she had stolen. “Sixteen Oxford Street, 9:13 p.m. Go.”
The end was very near now. Tears welled up in her borrowed eyes and she gazed jealously at the face before her: her face, the face she had grown up in, the face which now lay on a bed one week in the future trapped and drugged and effectively dead. She wanted it back. She wished none of this had ever happened.
Nevertheless, it had, and now there was nothing she could do to stop it. She allowed her head to hang loosely from her neck and accepted her fate. She fell into a trance-like state as her identity began slowly slipping away and she sat there, smiling like an idiot, enjoying her last moments on earth as Kathy Turner.
The redhead beside her leaned over with a concerned look on her face. 
“What’s your name?” she asked. The pinstriped man looked back at her and, in all honesty, he did not know. He was sure he had known just a second ago, but now everything was foggy, forgotten.  Memories flashed before him of a life lived by someone else: of editing the school newspaper; of representing the county at a swimming contest; of being a journalist for a major national paper and of the smell of a father that was not his own and of… of being a girl?
He dismissed them immediately as odd hallucinations, the product of a diseased imagination. He found himself sitting by a tree next to a strange redhead. She looked unkempt, like she did not look after herself. She looked thoroughly like someone he did not want to associate with.
And with that, Reginald Deer stood up and walked away.
4: Thomas’ story
A long, long time ago
Thomas Wilson walked out of a London Tube station on a cold, winter’s night at the end of a long, tiring day at work. He had been assigned to write an article about a topic which really did not interest him. He sighed- he had been attracted to the Daily Herald by the lure of big headlines, grand scoops and uncovering major corruption and scandal. In reality, Harcroft was merely giving him little stories: interviews with people he had never heard of and local interest stories; the kind of thing most purchasers of the Herald would immediately gloss over.
Still, he was looking forward to getting home to his Docklands apartment and chilling out in comparative luxury. He could think of nothing better right now than collapsing on his sofa and watching a film on his widescreen TV. He was feeling a horror-comedy tonight: the kind of film where the five teenagers at the start of the movie die off one by one at the hands of some formulaic monster or ghost. Such films were meant to be scary, but simply made Thomas laugh.
It was as he was thinking this that his body stopped. It was not voluntary; rather, it felt more like the connection between his body and mind was straining; like the signals from his brain were becoming ever weaker, less and less able to force his limbs into motion. Although he had never thought of it before, he suddenly realised how dependent he was upon this connection. His brow would have furrowed in confusion had his nervous system been responding to him. His will had always been king over his body. In the past, he had ordered his hands to move, and they had; he had willed his feet to walk, and they had; he had thought the words and demanded his mouth to speak them, and it had. Yet now his commands were being ignored by his body.
In fact, it seemed as if his body was under the command of another being. His body lurched backwards into the arms of an annoyed commuter.
This strange sensation extended into his mind. He had once read that in Hebrew mythology the soul is joined to the body by a string. Death is simply when that string is broken: the body collapses, the mind flies free. This is what Thomas was experiencing, except that as he felt his soul being snipped from his body he felt another one being indelicately tied onto it as replacement. Although he did not know it, the replacement soul was that of Gregory, who was now assuming not only Thomas’ body but also his personality and memories.
Thomas felt his soul move down from his brain and into his throat. He still had some connection to this world and this body, but it was growing weaker, thinner, more strained. He did not feel panic- rather he felt joy, excitement, anticipation. Death, which he had always been taught to fear, now instinctively felt like something beautiful and wholesome. He began to feel the lightness of Being without a body and yearned for the last cord of the string still tying him to his body to be cut.
Presently it was. This is where our story began, so many chapters ago. The astute reader will have realised that Thomas never was a character in this book; when we first met him, he was already possessed by Gregory’s mind. Yet it is no tragedy that Thomas died. For when that last cord was cut and Gregory was finally, completely sown into Thomas’ head, the soul or mind or cortical field- call if what you like- of Thomas was not killed. It was merely set free into the atmosphere.
As he flew away into eternal bliss, human concepts became foreign to him. He could no longer understand identity or gender, race or politics; rather, he found a new concept: oneness. He flew together with all the souls who had ever died and felt himself merging with them into one.
###


About the Author
Hello! Welcome to the end of the book. I hope you liked it. 	If you haven’t read it yet and are just popping back here to see exactly who wrote it, then you’re in for a treat when you do get round to reading it. “The Creative Sponge” is a smashing thriller which will also get you thinking about deep philosophical questions of identity and reality along the way. If you have read it, I hope this story lived up to my ambitions. 
This is the first novel I’ve ever written. I once started one about mice leaving a forest, but gave up at page 80 when I realised the plot was going nowhere. It’s a bit of a gamble publishing this, because I have no idea if anyone will actually buy it. The fact that you’re reading this now tells me you did, so thank you! Rest assured I will continue writing. My head is abuzz with ideas for future stories: one idea is a title called “The Reasonable Man”, which would follow a stalker as he goes to court for harassment and ask whether he really had a choice about what he did. It may seem obvious that he did, but the point of “The Reasonable Man” will be to examine the idea of free will and ask whether any of us really have it, or whether it is mere illusion. Another idea would be called “The Archetype”, which would examine the unconscious dream world postulated by Carl Jung’s theory of the Collective Unconscious. Once again thank you for picking up this book, because now I can put finger to keyboard and pen these ideas onto virtual paper for your future enjoyment. 
Ah, but this section is meant to be all about me, right? Very well. First let me say hello. How are you? I’ve read that most purchasers of ebooks are American, so how are you over in sunny USA? (If you’re not from the States, don’t worry. You’re still brilliant. Personally I like your country better, but don’t tell that to the Americans.) 
As you can tell I am not American. I am, in fact, a twenty year old Law student at the University of Exeter in the United Kingdom. I enjoy writing, jogging, cycling, reading, playing my guitar and going for the occasional adventure abroad. Although I’m doing a Law degree, my great hope is that this writing thing will kick off and I can move to Paris or Berlin, get a flat and become a stereotypical arty creative type, never having to touch the law again. Personally the idea of working nine to five in an office has never appealed to me.
So, that’s me. I hope to speak to you again when you read my next book, and maybe then I’ll have something more to say. If you want to keep in touch before then, you can follow me online via the links below. Until then, ta ta for now!
Connect with me online:
Twitter: http://twitter.com/_Bluebeard_
Smashwords: https://www.smashwords.com/profile/view/AndyMarlow
