The Keepers of the Rose


D.J. Dalasta

Copyright 2011 by D.J. Dalasta

Smashwords Edition


 
The Past
Nova Scotia, 1720




“Bring them,” Robert called from inside his cabin, “and the plate and tome as well,” he added after a moment of silence.  Immediately, the small men appeared at his doorway.  Dark hair laced with streaks of silver fell to their shoulders and coal black eyes were cast towards the wooden floor. Their scarred and painted bodies stood only to his chest, frail and old these three, the last of the priests his father carried away from the Caribbean.
Their civilization was lost twenty years back.  Their last city, Tayasal, taken forcefully by the Spanish though a few, including the three that stood before him, escaped with the most sacred of relics.  The Spanish forced their people into labor and converted them to Christianity. They raided their temples, burned their books and smashed their idols. Their land was already divided amongst the heroes of a one sided war. They were men without a home.
His translator, John Canter was next to slide within, followed by his master at arms, Cort Brakken.  He softly cradled what was to be hidden away.  The ship’s old oak planks groaned beneath their leather boots while dim candlelight played with shadows, chasing them around the room. 
It was time. 
Robert cleared his throat.  “I am a Christian man,” he started.  “I do not believe in your Gods, I do not believe in your rituals, your magic.  But I also cannot deny what I can see, feel, smell.”  His words were directed towards the little priests and Mr. Canter quickly muttered the translation.  “And what that I have witnessed and what my father, rest in peace, had witnessed, of that I cannot deny.  It is perhaps of that which I have taken stock in what you preach and if you are right then God is surely wrathful for what we have done.  If you are wrong, and I pray you are, then I would have wasted my life on a foolish venture.  But it is not my choice to make nor will I ever know the truth of the matter and for that I am grateful.”  He fell silent and the smallest of the little priests mumbled a response.  Robert shot a quick glance to Mr. Canter.
The translator furrowed his brow in concentration, “Captain, I believe he says that you should destroy it.  That if his people cannot hold and guard the relics until the specified time, then none should know of it. If the secret is revealed, there will be only death and pain. War will be waged for the right to continue and survive into the next age.”
“Tell him it is not my place to decide if this should be destroyed, but he should stand secure for only the worthy will be able to reach it, if even then.”  In truth, the thought of destroying the plate and tome crossed his mind more than once.  This type of knowledge was far too dangerous to stay in the light where greedy and terrible men would covet its secrets.  But he wasn’t anyone to decide its destruction, and nor was any man that lived of the moment.  It wasn’t meant for this time.  For that reason he wouldn’t give it, nor could he keep it, and as such, he would let the ground have its secrets and let the sea protect them.
“Tonight we seal the truth and perhaps our fate.  Place the items on my desk sir,” he signaled to his master at arms.  “I shall take one last look before committing them to the depths. I will honor your previous request,” he said sweeping his hand out to acknowledge the little priests.  “You will be laid to rest, sacrificed in your way and your bodies left to watch over the knowledge.  Go, cleanse your spirits and prepare for your journey, I will see you on shore.”  The men silently left the room.  Once again, he was alone.  
He stood over his desk, contemplating the old text. In his years with the priests, he’d been witness to their methods of timing the sun, earth and heavens.  That system, he found, was nearly perfect.  They could predict a celestial event down to its exact moment.  How they accomplished this was never made clear, but their prowess in knowing the march above was undeniable.  They were brilliant.  
This book, however, didn’t reiterate what was above but centered on what was to come. It dealt with the timing of future events, when the world would cross over from this age to the next.  That transition was professed to be a period of unbridled violence.  It was to be a time when man would be stripped of everything he’d come to know.  It was a future Robert didn’t want to believe in, but one he was not willing to ignore.   
He paced to the back of the room to gaze out his only window.  In the distance he could see the rocky outline of the shore.  They were anchored off a small island, far to the North of the colonies.  It was an island that was marked proper on a single map, his father’s map.  Robert closed his eyes at the thought, recalling their final interaction.
“This is the location,” he had told Robert in a whisper, moments before he was seized in Boston.  He recalled the restless, wild look, captured in his father’s eyes. “This is where the work is being done.  This is where my most recent and important prize shall rest.  It’s up to you now son, they’re coming for me.” He shoved the map into Robert’s hand.  It was the last time he saw him alive.
A year after they took him, his father was tried in England for piracy and murder.  The trial was laced in corruption, he was even denied right to council.  Two weeks later, he was hung.  Twenty long years had passed since that day.  Robert wondered where the time had gone. 
He took a deep breath and made his way back to his chair.  He dipped a feather quill into a bottle of ink, ready to commit his last thoughts to paper.  

War is worse than ignorance, fear of death worse than death itself, and justice should be done only through the just which no man can lay claim to in truth.  Who am I to choose who is to receive life’s knowledge and who’ll be cast in darkness, I am nobody of import.  And as such I choose to give it to specifically none, and let the fate of lives decide that day which peoples shall be brought forth into the world’s 6th age.  I do not believe war over land, where surely the most powerful would prevail, to be in the best light of moving forward for the strong are not always the most worthy, though history would have us believe otherwise.  As such, this treasure awaits the patient, the clever, the intelligent and the determined for you must have these qualities if you are reading this now. I leave the fates in your capable hands.  Careful on how to proceed, and I caution on which king and country is given access and thus do not blindly follow the land of which your life was given for that which you have is worth the lives of more than you know.  My advice would be to take the gold, take the jewels and forget the rest.  It will only bring suffering.  It will only bring pain.  The world is yours.  Fate is yours.  Power is yours.  But beware, corruption, greed and ambition won’t linger in the shadows for long.

Captain Robert Ryder 
Son of Captain William Kidd
1720 – 292 years to date 

 Robert carefully folded the parchment and sealed it with wax.  He opened the tome of Hunab Ku and placed the letter inside. A few of his thoughts were wedged within its ancient pages but this would be the last.  The tome was scripted of their great God, Kukulcan.  These were his words, written in his hand. Robert didn’t understand the language or many of the symbols but those few secrets he did come to know, he never spoke of.  Knowledge that creates questions, he had come to realize, will fester and breed insecurity. 
He shut the cover and gently ran his fingers over the small, golden rose near the bottom corner.  The symbol was the only marking on the outside and its existence always puzzled him.  Even the little priests were lost to its significance.  
A knock on the door disturbed his thoughts.  “Come,” he called laying the tome to his side.  One of his young deck hands stepped in and waited.  The boy had just turned thirteen years of age this past week.  “You may speak,” he said to him.
“The dinghy is ready to shore, sir.”
“Very well,” he stood, tucking the tome under one arm.  “Come, take the plate Lancel, it is past time we finished our business here.”
Lancel was a spry youth, full of energy and eager to please.  He jumped ahead to snatch the plate and misplaced a foot.  He lurched forward but caught himself on the desk and regained his balance.
“Careful.  You’re not going to want to be breaking this.  It’s the only one of its kind,” Robert handed the plate over once he saw the boy was steady. 
“Why is that,” he asked.
“It would be prudent for you not to know that answer and probably better for all if you stopped asking questions.”  Robert patted him on the back to urge him along.
“But then how am I to learn? Gregor used to say asking questions is the best way to learn quickly.”
“Gregor was full of shat,” Robert returned.  “Asking questions of secrets you shan’t be privy to will more likely get you iron bouts around your wrists and a shove overboard.  Then you can ask the mermaids how to swim without your arms.  I don’t think Gregor learned that specific answer for we never saw him surface again.”  Lancel wrapped both arms around the plate and said nothing else as they walked to the deck.  
Outside, Robert’s eyes took a moment to adjust. It was dark, but the waning moon provided a soft light, wrapping everything it touched in a washed out shade of blue. There was a cool but gentle breeze blowing from the West and the tingle of salt in the air cleared his mind of anything but the task at hand.  As Lancel reported, the dinghy waited for them and they quickly boarded and lowered into the water.  Robert found his place at the bow and sat quietly, staring at a small island just off the coast, watching it grow in size with each stroke.  
They landed on the North shore, near one of three elaborate dams constructed on the island.  The men jumped out of the boat, formed a single line and moved inland following a shallow path towards the main site.  It didn’t take long before they arrived at a ring of torches surrounding what appeared to be a bottomless tunnel, burrowed into the ground.  Its width stretched over fifteen paces.  Robert immediately stepped to the edge and started helping a man climb out by using a complicated system of ropes.  Below him, he could see the faint glow of yellow light coming from the lanterns of other men still working.  
When the man was safely over the lip, Robert made his way to the outside where a single tent had been erected.  Inside, two shadows silently moved in silhouette.  He knew the men inside were his father’s engineers, the brothers Francis and Adox.  The pit was their design.  They didn’t know what it was to hold, just that it was to be exceedingly secure yet unblemished by time.  
Robert made his way to the tent and threw open the sash.  The two men flinched backwards at the unexpected entrance.  “C..C..Captain,” stammered Adox, the younger of the two, “you’re here.”
“Perceptive tonight.  Are we ready,” Robert asked.
“We are,” Adox replied, gaining a smile, “we’ll still need to seal the chests with clay to watertight them, but that is all.  The foundation of each layer has been completed and the water tunnels run to their full lengths.”
“Very well.  What of the leaders I have asked to be made?”	
“Cryptically done as you instructed,” Francis answered.  “All will interpret incorrectly at first glance.  The maps are few, and only read real by your requirements, Captain.”
“And how many men,” Robert asked solemnly.
“For what?” Adox wrinkled his thick eyebrows.
“How many men have died since this was started?”
“I do have the count, sir,” Francis fumbled with some parchment and brought forth a single scroll.  He counted under his breath. “From the beginning, we have lost four and eighty men to the construction of the pit.”
Robert cast his eyes to the ground and sighed.  “Too many,” he whispered.  
 “Of course that wasn’t all from the dangers of the construction.”  Adox answered.  “Many, if not half of those who perished were taken due to bad food or water, disease, natural causes or plain stupidity.  It’s not as hazardous as the numbers make it to be.  We have been reasonable with our expectations of the men.”
“I am sure you have.  But that doesn’t keep their lives from being my responsibility.  Keep that list safe, I will see to their families when this is done.”  Robert took each life seriously. Most of the men didn’t even know what they were working towards. Many were even blindfolded on the trip to the island.  “I believe that since the digging is complete, the rest of the work will be less tragic?”
“Yes,” Francis said, mimicking Robert’s solemn tone. “We don’t anticipate any more problems.”
“Well, perhaps our part will be less hazardous,” Robert replied.	
“It should be,” said Adox.
“We’ll see, but for the moment we need to finish tonight’s first act. Let’s begin.”
Robert stepped outside and pulled his coat around him as the cool air bit unexpectedly.  The heavy leather usually kept him dry and warm, even during stormy seas, but tonight it did nothing to hold back the chill.  
Word of his arrival had traveled among the men and they quickly gathered around the giant opening in the ground.  Robert silently estimated their numbers to be close to seventy in total. Above them, a strong oak branch struck from a lone tree to reach out over the pit.  A wench and rope was drawn about it, ready to be used to ferry down the treasures.
Adox and Francis brushed by his shoulders to stoop next to three chests.  Their hands were full of soft blue clay meant to seal and watertight the seams. The chest on the left was filled in with golden coins, seized by his father and the one on the right held pure silver, precious jewels and gemstones, also taken at the same time.  The middle chest sat empty, for now.  There was enough wealth to last a lifetime for whomever laid claim to the find, sometime in the distant future.  The other possible outcome was that their current actions would be the final moment human eyes laid sight upon the riches.  Robert decided both causalities had an equal chance to occur.
This was the first time a good majority of his men actually saw what was to be hidden.  Their eyes showed no expression though he knew the thoughts within were greedy and lustful.  Most, he knew, played out a scenario in their minds, one where they took the riches for themselves and left Robert for the crows. But all men scheme, he knew, it was the ones bold enough to act that he must worry about.  At these times he was grateful to have Cort standing nearby.  His master at arms had a keen ability to predict trouble.
Lancel stepped from behind Robert, urged by a short hand gesture from Francis.  Together, they gently placed the large plate in the middle chest, wrapped in a white cloth.  Robert would be next to place the book on top, before it was to be sealed. 
“It is time to lay the tome within,” Francis whispered.
“I know,” Robert replied clutching the book that much tighter.  For some reason, he didn’t want to let it go.  It had been with him for so long and since it was passed to him, he thought of nothing but this moment.  But now, it was difficult to give it up. 
“Captain, we’re waiting,” Francis nudged him.
“I know,” he said again, agitated. All of his men stared at him, waiting. “Very well,” he said reluctantly and stepped forward. Lancel moved with him and handed him a white sheet.  Robert carefully wrapped the tome of Hunab Ku and gently placed it atop the plate.  Francis and Adox quickly went to work and started sealing the final chest, using more of the blue clay, just as Robert had instructed.  Nothing was to creep into this one, he had plainly directed, even if it’s to sit in water for five hundred years, not a drop was to make it inside.  They had told him it would be so, and he would have to believe them.
When the brothers finished, he signaled Cort to have the chests lowered into the ground.  His master at arms dutifully responded and started the men working.  Two of the younger hands disappeared into the deep hole as the others tied and hoisted the heavy treasure over the pit.  The chest with the plate and book was lowered first and as it was lost to darkness, Robert felt a heavy burden lifted from his shoulders.  “What of the priests?”  His master at arms whispered next to him.  “If they truly are sacrificed and sealed within, their spirits may bring ill omen to us in our lives or even on the open sea.”
“It is their wish, Cort, it is their choice.  I do not believe we will be bothered in our lives.  They wish their relics to be hidden, secured, they won’t bother those who seal them for protection.”  Cort’s leg trembled rapidly in unease as Robert continued. “Though any who seek the contents of these chests may sing a different tune.  You will take their lives how they wish and place the bodies accordingly.  See to it, I am going for a walk.” 
Robert moved beyond the torches, beyond the tent and into the darkness.  The stars above flickered in an unknown rhythm and he recited the constellations as they came to him.  Those patterns were his familiar guides by night when he stood on the deck with nothing but water and wind.  Do they truly hold the answer to when the world will end, he mused silently.  Could the future truly be told in the heavenly writing above?  Perhaps if it’s written in plain sight for all to see, it wasn’t such a secret.  
Robert sighed, he knew that though it would be the easier path, it wasn’t the one laid out for him long ago.  He picked up a rock and flung it into the brush.  His father, himself and many others had given far too much to let this truth out in the open.  It must be kept safe and hidden until the appointed time.     
Robert didn’t know how long he kept to himself, under the night sky, listening to the waves, but it was long enough for Cort to come looking for him.  He made no immediate answer until his man crept closer.  As he passed within a few paces, Robert made note of himself, “Here, Cort,” he spoke in a low volume.  With his dark attire, he knew Cort would have walked right by him, not seeing his unflinching form huddled in the dark, perched atop a rock washed smooth by the tides that once rose to this height in the past.
“Captain,” he said, “you’re nigh invisible sitting there.”
“I did not wish to be found,” he replied.
“My apologies sir, I’ll return later.”  Cort began to move off.
“Cort,” he called, “you have come for a reason, speak what you will.”
“The chests have been lowered.  Adox and Francis told me to report,” he paused and looked around, “that everything is moving as planned, only us few will know the truth.”  He fell silent.
“Thank you,” Robert stood up and stretched his legs.  “Cort.”
“Yes Captain.”
“My prayers go unanswered, to whom I believe only responds in silence.  What I’m told is a higher power gives me nothing to see with my own eyes, only tells me to have faith on what I’m told and what I read.”  Robert paused for a moment.
Cort shifted in the uneasy silence.  “It is where we draw our beliefs, from our faith.”
“I wasn’t finished,” Robert interjected.  “But the little priests, their Gods have given them the heavens as proof.  They know the heavens and its movements better than we ever will, and they have known for hundreds, if not thousands of years.  I want to know how they do this, though with the tome in the ground I doubt I ever will.  But more than anything Cort, I’m scared they’re right.”  He nodded to let Cort know he had permission to speak.
“And if they are, to what I understand, we will not be here to know.  In that you can take some comfort,” his friend said.
“Not in truth, Mr. Brakken.  For if they are correct, where is my God in all this.  Why has he not made this clear to us, and why do we not have the knowledge that these men do?  Where is my God, where will my salvation come from?
“I cannot answer those questions, Captain.”
“Nor do I expect them to be answered.”  Robert rose from his rock and clasped Cort on the shoulder.  “We have a few things left to do before this is finished.  Let us be done with those and get on with our lives.”  He smiled and Cort seemed to ease at the gesture.  
“Aye Captain, where are we going?”
“To the Caribbean, for I cannot bury all the secrets in one place now can I, that would be a fool’s plan.  But first we’ll stop in Dover by way of Portsmouth. I haven’t seen my wife in sometime.  From the Caribbean we sail along the coast of America and come to Boston, and lastly we end back here.  By then, Adox and Francis should be finished and everything will be done.”  
Robert smiled as they walked into the darkness, but Cort had a lamp and it showed their path well.





A bitter sea tossed them about like a cork in a keg.  Robert wondered if it would ever dissipate.  The sky remained dark, blanketed with storm clouds and just as it would begin to clear another system would develop behind it and drench them again. Most of their voyage up the coast of America, coming back from the Caribbean, had been rough and he was becoming sick of it.  He lost his patience as another deep swell knocked loose the quill he grasped and almost sent him reeling from his chair. The ship crashed down with a loud crack and a deep thump in response.   He cursed as he straightened himself.
“There’s no need for that,” Elaine said coming around behind him on surely placed feet.  She gently laid her hands over his shoulders.  They felt good kneading into the tense muscle.  She had insisted on coming this time and when she made up her mind there wasn’t any way that he could convince her otherwise.  They had been married for over ten years and had two boys.  Unfortunately Robert hadn’t seen much of any of them recently and when he stopped in Portsmouth, Elaine made her wishes known.  But though he allowed her on board, his boys stayed back, safe in Dover.  
“There is bloody need of curses now and again,” Robert bellowed.  “Especially if I have to go up there and take control.  Bastards can’t even hold a ship steady in a small storm.  What would they do if ever they came across a real angry bitch of a squall, the likes I’ve been in, and my father when he sailed the Indies and beyond.  They’d crumble with their ship.  I should be climbing on deck before we see ourselves wrecked.”  Robert rose from his chair and grabbed his cloak.  Suddenly the door burst open and Cort stepped within, wiping a sheet of water from his brow.
“We’re under attack Captain.  They came on us unawares in the middle of the storm.  One shot blew a hole in our side but nothing serious of the moment.  We’ve managed to slide ahead of her but she trails us fast.”
“What colors does she fly?”
“Gold sir, with a single red rose in the middle, I saw it once before.”
“Where?”
“On the cover of the book we laid in the ground.” 
“Then our secret is out.” Robert pushed past Cort in a fury, his tails trailing him up the deck.  Water from the crashing waves and heavy rain created a dense mist that soaked Robert the moment he set foot atop the boards.  His sparse crew were running about without purpose, a few of the senior officers tried to bark orders but either they couldn’t be heard or lacked the balls to control the men.  Robert’s black and gray hair plastered to his forehead, he wiped his eyes and grabbed the nearest man to him.  
“Calm the bloody hell down man.  It’s only a storm and a ship.”
“No Captain,” he stammered, “we saw their standard, it’s them little priests we killed, everyone says so.  They want their stuff back.  The dead rise up to take what’s theirs.”  Robert threw the man to the ground and stalked off towards the helm.  It was times like these he despised superstitious sailors.  They always wanted the dead or sacrificed to take revenge upon them.  Curses, rituals, he knew all men have their phantoms, but sailors and ship-hands more so than most.  It was a clever guise though, he admitted, to wave a simple flag atop a mast and send ripples of doubt through the crew.  Someone knew all too well what he’d been doing.  
The men sensed the presence of their Captain instantly and when Robert arrived at the helm he restored order in a matter of moments.  Most of them feared his wrath far beyond ghosts or phantoms and before long they were cutting through the waves daring to ride the fierce wind at a blinding pace.  The trailing ship attempted to match their speed.  At infrequent intervals, the wind would slow and rain pause just enough to see the outline of their pursuers.  It was a massive ship, the hull jutted out of the water piercing through the crashing waves, breaking the storm with what seemed like little effort.  
“Where’s Julian,” Robert asked Cort who followed him up and now stood next to him and his helmsman, a portly man called Red Ackart.  
Cort lowered his head, “Your quartermaster was knocked overboard in the attack, sir.  There was no chance to retrieve him.  He was lost to sight in moments.”
“Unfortunate.  Bring me Brice, he is to be promoted,” Robert said.
“Can’t that wait until we are safely out of the storm and not pursued?”  
“I need a first,” Robert replied in a tone that left no room for argument.  He moved away from the helm now secured in its heading and Red’s seamanship.  He kept issuing orders as he walked the deck, helping where he could.  But once he was able to still the fears that crept into his men, they seemed to gain control of their innate abilities.  With what he had seen, he judged they should be able to outrun this larger ship without difficulty and disappear into the storm.  That part didn’t worry him.  It was the idea that someone knew and who was now in danger because of it.
Robert headed back below deck when all was in order and shook off his coat and hung it up.  He quickly started changing into dry clothing back inside his captain’s cabin.  Elaine sat quietly in his chair.  “Somebody knows,” he said.
“I heard,” she replied.  “What of our children Robert, are they safe?”
“Yes,” he said.  “Only the men I trust fully know of them, they are safe.  But the book, the plate, us, safety isn’t yet fully realized.  I’m changing course.  We are now heading to the island first before stopping in Boston.  I need to see the completion with my own eyes.  Then we can forget all this and disappear.”
“That sounds nice,” she replied softly.
A heavy knock sounded on his door. “Enter,” Robert called.  He just finished lacing up his breeches and was still shirtless.  The door opened slightly and Brice Goudy stepped within.  His shaved head glistened with a wet sheen and he dripped constantly onto the floor.  He wasn’t much past five and twenty years if that, Robert considered.  But he was well liked, smart, and a bloody good sailor.  He would make a good quartermaster.
“Brice, as you probably know Julian was swept into the sea during the brief attack.”  He nodded.  “You were his chosen second, I had my doubts, but he chose well.”  Robert paused.  “I now promote you to his position as quartermaster and all the duties and privileges that come with it.  A nice pay increase as well.” 
A small smile briefly played across his features but he was too much of a friend to Julian to let it linger for long.  “Thank you Captain.”
“You’ve earned it, but know you are now responsible to report to me anything that is of concern about the ship, its cargo or its crew. I expect frequent updates.”
“Yes, sir.  Aye, Captain.”
“I’ve always been of the habit to allow my first to choose a second.  It has yet to fail me.  So I give you that privilege as well.”
“Thank you sir, I will choose wisely.”
“One last thing, something I trust only to my first, and a few others I know well.  As you know Elaine is my wife, but what you do not know is that we have two children.  When we are free of the storm and lost to our pursuers, I will tell you who and where they are, for at some point I may need you to retrieve them for me.  Julian agreed to this, will you?”
“I will,” Brice replied.
“Good, I will send for you then.  Until that time, notify me if that ship comes any closer, and have the artillery at the ready.”
“Yes, sir.”
“Thank you Brice, that is all.”  His new quartermaster spun and swiftly exited.  
“I like him,” Elaine said as he left.  “He comes across as genuine and loyal.”
Robert laughed, “In a sea as this, I’d rather have a fearless asshole.  But I guess genuine and loyal will do.”
The rain was the first to let up, but the wind still blew fierce and the waves continued to crash over the deck.  His entire crew rolled with the ship, tired and cold, but in the distance blue skies gave a sense of hope at last and behind them only the ocean kissed their stern.  As Robert had predicted, they were able to lose their pursuers in the storm.
Up the coast of America they traveled, keeping clear of other vessels and passing the busy port cities. Just three days after they moved beyond Boston, Nova Scotia’s shoreline appeared on the horizon.  The lush green sprung clear even from a distance and the rolling hills climbed steeply from the rocky beaches.  The sky was losing light as dusk quickly approached sending shades rarely seen to speckle and color the land.  Robert had to watch for a moment to take it in.  
They quietly sailed around the end and then almost half the island before spotting the smaller piece of land lying just off shore.  Robert had them anchor and ready the long boats.  Brice came up next to him as he gazed towards the island.  “Captain?”
“Yes Brice,” he answered.
“We’re ready to shove off to Oak Island.”
“What did you call it?”
“Oak Island.”
“Why Oak Island, may I ask?”
“For the tree Captain, that marks the spot.”
“I like it.”
“Well the crew’s been calling it that for awhile.”
“Then Oak Island it shall become.”
“Are you coming ashore, Captain?”
“No, I pray the work is completed, bring the boats over and ferry the men back here.  When I have word from Adox and Francis, I will know we can leave.”
“Where to then?”
“Boston, I have a few things to put in order there, and then back to Portsmouth.  After that, I know not, mayhap nowhere.”  Brice gave a slight look of dismay.  “Worry not my new quartermaster, when this venture has come to a close, you will be well rewarded.”  That brought him back to high spirits.  
The long boats ran ashore and it took a few hours for all the men, equipment, and stray gear to be gathered together and brought on board.  He instructed to leave no trace of their presence on the island.  He stood on the deck and watched the final loads come in.  The beach they shoved off from appeared natural, though only months before it had been damned and dug.  Now, he knew, they were stacked with multiple layers of material to filter out any sediment that could clog his tunnels and then finally covered with rock and sand to seem natural.  Francis designed this aspect and it looked flawless from a distance.  The pit on the island was dug and layered, planks at evenly spaced meters, metal layers to impede progress and rigged caverns to fill with water and collapse.  It was perfect.  
The brothers were the final two to leave the island.  When they made it to the deck, two broad smiles greeted him.  Arrogance played on their faces, a good trait to have in an engineer.
“Captain, we weren’t expecting you so soon,” Francis held out his hand and Robert clasped it tight. 
“We had a change of plans, I’m glad to see you’re finished early, is everything in place?”  
“It was as though we were never there.  Our systems work flawlessly.  Only with precise knowledge will your items ever be found.” Adox made this statement as he set down a large wooden helmet.
“And the beaches,” he questioned.
“Perfect.  They’ll keep the inquisitive at bay,” Francis replied.  
Robert smiled.  It was done.  He took a deep breath, “now I suppose you are looking to be paid the last amount my father promised.”
“At your leisure, Captain,” Adox said humbly.
“Very good.  I have one stop to make in port of Boston, and then I’m heading back to Dover.  From there, I will see you safely home to New York and you will have what was promised.”  Robert dismissed them with a nod.  The brothers left quickly and disappeared below decks.  He’d have to watch them for some time after this was done, they were ambitious and his secrets, now out, may go to the highest bidder.  He thought of having them killed, but that would be ill received by the rest of the crew, and he could have a mutiny should they think he planned on doing each of them next.  In the end he decided against it.  He would continue with the course set out, and play each individual accordingly.  He would watch them and listen.
They set sail immediately for Boston and as night fell around them, Robert found himself thinking of the ship in the storm.  He hadn’t given it much thought until now, in the dark with his task completed.  Elaine rolled over next to him.  She had fallen asleep a few hours before.  Robert had too much on his mind to join her.  He couldn’t determine who it could be that followed him and knew of his task.  Surely it was nothing of his doing. The fault, most likely, would lie squarely on his father’s shoulders.  He had rubbed elbows in the past with some venomous individuals.  Perhaps he had spilled this venture to one of them.  Mayhap they were just after the gold.  But then, he wondered, why the flag?
He decided to let it go.  In truth, there were a great many pieces involved and he may not even be able to retrace all his steps. He needn’t worry about that any longer.  He closed his eyes and tried to think of something different, to dream of a life without such burden.
When they sailed within view of Boston, the harbor teemed with energy.  A great number of ships were drifting just off shore and docks were filled with the bustling of eager merchants.  Robert carefully unloaded only a single crate thin enough to tuck under his arm and rowed inland.  He left only a handful of men to keep watch over the ship.  The rest of the crew was given shore leave and a good amount of coin to spend in the city.  Robert announced he would be leaving in two days and any that wanted to come to Portsmouth should be on board ready to depart.  If they wished to stay in Boston, he would pay them their final wage and wish them well.  
Robert, Elaine, and Cort purchased a carriage for the day were soon trotting through the cobbled streets on their way to an old acquaintance, Josiah Franklin.  He was a good friend of his father and also supplied the soap and candles for Robert’s own voyages at a good price.  On their way, they briefly stopped to purchase enough fruit, bread, and cheese for a small breakfast and continued on.
As suspected, Josiah was working as Robert arrived.  He stooped over a low table recording a recent order.  A young boy of maybe fourteen was standing next to him.  Josiah smiled when he recognized Robert.  
“Mr. Ryder,” he said standing up.  Josiah Franklin was one of the few that knew him as the sole son of the now infamous Captain Kidd, though his father never claimed him in right.  But that was fine by him.  His father’s title would have him followed for information on his legendary wealth, whereas his mother’s name of Ryder drew with it no special attention.  
“Josiah, it is good to see you,” he said.  The man was past sixty now and his age was beginning to show.  Wrinkles adorned his face in loose creases and his hair was beginning to thin and had turned almost completely white.  But he was an honest and trustworthy man, and wouldn’t accept coin that he didn’t earn.  Robert intended on giving him what he deserved this time around.  
“What brings you back to Boston?  Surely not just to see me.  There are plenty who know my trade well enough,” he moved slowly.
“Actually, it is just to see you my old friend.  I have something important I wish to put in your capable hands.  I need someone I know will keep it safe, keep it well, and someone who is a good judge of character.”  Robert touched Cort on the shoulder and his friend placed the box they brought with them on the desk.  Then, his master at arms and his wife slipped outside and shut the door.
“Does this have to do with your father?” Josiah asked hesitantly as he put a hand on the boy’s back.  Anything to do with Captain Kidd was spoken in low voices.  
“Do you mind if I ask the boy to leave?”  
“This is my son, Benjamin,” he replied, “he is capable of keeping secrets, and he has a good head.”
“I have no doubt of that,” Robert looked down at the boy and met his eyes.  “But a small leak can sink a great ship.”
Josiah nodded, “Benjamin, go back to your brother, you are done with me for today,” he said.  The boy didn’t move, but just looked up at Robert.  
“You should allow me to stay, for my father is old and if he is to forget what you speak of, I may remind him later.”  Robert grinned.  The boy was a born politician, though too smart.
“Benjamin!”  Josiah’s voice rose in anger and the boy flinched backwards.  Robert held up his hand.
“Benjamin,” Robert said softly, “remember this and it will serve you well.  Would you persuade, speak of interest, not of reason.  Most men you meet don’t know reason and never will.”  Reluctantly Benjamin backed away and left out the rear door leaving Josiah and Robert alone.
“I apologize for him,” Josiah said as his son left.
“There is no need my friend, in truth I see much potential in him.  Keep his mind occupied, let it not linger in laziness.  He will make you proud some day.”
“He is very independent and has some inventive ideas.  But you are not here to talk of my son.”
“No I am not,” Robert became serious.  “I have hidden something of my father’s, something that potentially is invaluable and I know you for a trustworthy friend.  You are not but a common citizen and so no eyes will be laid upon you in suspect as such.  I bequeath to you the only written cipher to a real treasure of information.  The map this belongs to will not be found for many years, if even then.  I need this to survive in the hands of an honest and trustworthy individual, at all times.  There are specific rules to this that need be followed.  I ask that you accept this offer and I will pay you for their keeping.”
Josiah looked burdened.  “There is surely another,” he said.  “I am old, not the man to shoulder this responsibility.”
“You are perfect my friend.  None other would I or my father trust more.”
He took a deep breath, wheezing as he blew out.  “If I do this, I need to know what it is I am keeping, what it is that is hidden?”
Robert thought he might ask.  He also knew to entrust such things to one man he would have to answer, though vaguely.  “Very well,” he said.  “In almost three hundred years, this world will see change.”  Josiah settled into a chair while Robert slowly recounted most of the final charge that his father set him to keep. 
As Robert shut the door behind him, Elaine and Cort were resting on the wagon.  The sun had moved a good distance and morning had turned into late afternoon.  The unending lines of buildings and shops hurdled long shadows onto the walkways, making for dizzying patterns.  
“That took longer than I thought,” his wife said as he sat beside her.  
“It was expected,” he replied.  “He knows everything and my task is now done.  Fate holds what it will, I have wiped my hands clean.”  He looked at her and smiled.  It was true, everything that his father had entrusted to him was complete.  Now he could focus his life’s energy on Elaine and his two sons, the people he most cared about and who, for too long, had come second to his task.  She looked more beautiful than ever.  
Cort also seemed more at ease.  He was even whistling a tune as he drove the carriage through the streets.  Of course it could be that when they were to return, he would be set for his life financially.  Robert would see to that.   Cort knew too much to let him loose with little silver, if he were ever to become poor, his secrets would be for sale.  As with much of his crew that knew the location of Oak Island, his father’s wealth would see to them as well.  But there were only six that knew the specific direction, the rest were blinded by what their eyes had seen.  They would be cheaper, for their information was worth far less.
When they came to a stop near the docks, Robert immediately sensed that something was wrong.  People made wide berth around them.  Others huddled in small groups to whisper and peer over their shoulders.  
“Careful Robert, something’s amiss” he heard Cort say as he swung down from the carriage.    
“What is it,” his wife asked.
Robert slowly put his hand to the pistol at his waist, “We’ve been found,” he said.  “Look,” he pointed out into the harbor.  Anchored near to his ship was the one that chased them in the storm just days before, only now it brandished an absence of any flag atop its mast.  “But they’re too late,” he almost laughed, they would never find a thing aboard the ship and his package was already delivered here in Boston.
He saw his quartermaster, Brice, lingering a short distance away.  He started coming towards them, but Robert shot him a glare that paused his gait.  They made eye contact and soon after Brice gave a reluctant nod and hurried off.  Robert had planned for this and he had full confidence that Brice would follow his orders perfectly.  
“Where’s Brice going,” Cort whispered.
“He will fire the ship so that none of the crew returns to it and then retrieve my children.  In my study in my home in Dover, behind the portrait atop my desk, he’ll find instructions on what to do with my wealth and where it lies.  Adox and Francis will get their share and they know to proceed as though I died before returning to the island. Then he’ll pay the rest of the crew for their silence and disappear.”
“What’s to become of us,” Cort asked.
“I do not know,” Robert smiled at his friend.  “But it’s about to happen.”
He watched Brice get lost in the sea of people, knowing his children’s future rested in good hands.  What had Elaine said, genuine and loyal?  She was usually a good judge of character.  Robert looked out to the darkening horizon and led Cort and Elaine slowly towards the pier.
“Captain Robert Ryder,” a man shouted behind them amongst the sound of running feet.  When Robert turned around, a group of ten men stood together.  He heard more footsteps from his side and still more sliding behind them.  
“Yes, sir, how may I assist you,” he said to the one who had spoken.  The man was small and light, his frame more akin to a lady.  He strode forward in complete confidence, a small pistol strapped tightly to his belt, but he made no move for it.  His hair fell to his shoulders, he couldn’t be more than thirty, though carried himself as a seasoned commander.  Robert stood calmly.
The man stopped a few paces away.  “Or should I address you as Captain Robert Kidd?”
“You may address me as you please, for it appears as though I have no choice in the matter.”  Robert said. He noted Cort’s leg wasn’t shaking at this interaction. How odd, he thought.   Spirits of no presence made him quake with fear whereas his own death mere moments away gave him no pause.  
“I want the book and plate Captain.  Where are they hidden?”  He stared, unflinching.
“And I want your name sir, but I doubt I’ll get that in respect to your sour greetings.” 
“I am Methias Griffin, a keeper of the rose.  I am charged with gaining what you have stolen.”
“Why may I ask, for it is not yours to have?”  
“We know what it holds and wish to keep it safe.”
“I assure you it is,” Robert replied.
“Not until we have it, are its secrets secured,” he backed off a few steps to rejoin his men.  “You should know, I intend to have its location by any means I need take.”  
That meant torture. Robert knew immediately, the threat was clear enough.  Elaine squeezed his hand.  They would torture her as well, he knew.  He felt her lean towards his ear, “I know too much darling, they will not let me go, but I will stay strong in this, that much I promise you,” she whispered and her words pierced his heart.  
Ahead of him, Methias drew a long, thin, sword from one of his men and started back towards them, only this time the whole group followed, closing as a noose around a fragile neck.  Robert shifted and breathed deeply, he held out his hand and Methias paused, mid stride.
“You will not have my secrets,” Robert said, “by my tongue or any other.”  Robert turned around unleashing the knife at his belt and quickly cut through the air biting into Cort’s flesh.  A small red line opened below the man’s chin and his eyes lazily rolled back into his head.  Robert then quickly turned and kissed Elaine, smashing his lips strongly into her own.  They parted softly, lingering for a moment before they found her ear, “forgive me,” he whispered.  Slowly he backed away leaving the blade of his knife buried in her heart.  He held her gently as she sank to the ground, telling her he loved her and that their sons would be safe.  
He turned back around when she stilled and stared at Methias. His smile from before had faded to a thin line.  “Good luck,” Robert said and raised his loaded pistol, pressing it firmly against his head.

Chapter 1
Guatemala, February 2012




“Are you peeing,” Sayla asked him.
“No hon, I’m shaving,” he replied sarcastically, fastening his buckle.  Someone had beaten them to the site and she was visibly upset, pursed lips, drawn brows and hands placed firmly on her hips tilted slightly to one side, a perfectly displayed and classic female pose. He decided not to tell her that the looters probably helped themselves to the valuables long before she was even born.  He wasn’t surprised as most of the ancient Mayan sites he came across bore some semblance to this one, ruined and empty.      
“There’s no need to be an ass, Rock, we only spent the last two weeks in this area and the previous month planning, to find nothing,” she said. Her last word echoed in the cavern.
“Nothing?” He repeated back to her.  “Nothing,” he said to himself silently.  Rock looked around, contemplating.  He feared she was right, the only thing they’d found in these caves were shards of broken pottery.  He kicked the dusty floor, moving a few of the pieces to the surface.  The walls were covered in fading art but that didn’t interest him, however Wallace Bimby, their resident anthro would go giddy with delight when he made it in this far to view the pictures. 
Rock shined his headlamp in each direction but as he already discovered, the cave ended here.  “It doesn’t make any sense,” he said aloud, pushing his finger down a large crack in the wall, causing loose rock to cascade to the ground.  “The outside glyphs are good indicators of what lies within and I would think the cave should have moved further than this.  At least another room or two.”  He shook his head, more confused than frustrated.  
“I thought you were supposed to be the best,” she taunted him.	
“Even at the top doesn’t mean you’re above the clouds,” he said with a smile. 
“Then it must be luck, is that all the great Rock Tilton can be accredited too?  All those finds, all that treasure.  You’re perhaps the luckiest man alive.”  She knew how to poke just the right spot.  He attributed none of his success to luck and never in his life had one of his own talked to him as such.  But here was this young girl, fresh out of school, along for her first expedition as part of their team, giving him shit.
“You’ll get used to the disappointment young one,” he said.  She sneered at the comment.  “For every one find that holds anything of value we’ll come across at least a hundred, if not more, of places like this.  Old and ruined, long since looted with nothing but wall paintings to make Wallace piss himself in delight.”
“These picture and writings are worth more than all the gold you’ve found and all the gold you still seek,” Wallace Bimbi’s voice struck from behind him and Rock turned to find the squat man staring at him.  
“I’m glad you think so Wallace, and I am happy that someone appreciates these dead cave dwellers’ artistic thoughts,” he said to the highly acclaimed and decorated Central American archaeologist, anthropologist and historian.  But more importantly, Wallace was the man who funded the expeditions.  
The old man snorted at him, which was the usual end to their brief banters, then looked to Sayla.  “Don’t let him fool you, he would leave and never tell a soul about these places once he knew the find held nothing of material value.  That’s the reason I have to come in and look for myself.”  Wallace ran his fingers through the few wisps of gray hair still clinging to his head.
“Then why even put up with him,” she asked.
“Don’t be stupid now doll, Rock can find places nobody else can, he has a keen ability even I can’t seem to explain.  He’s the best.  Now get him out of here before he ruins things.”  He waved his hands in a shooing motion and Sayla grabbed Rock by the arm to lead him out.  As they stepped cautiously on the uneven floor, members of their team passed by, arms laden with lights and gear that Wallace would use to document the site. They were almost to the entrance when the old man’s voice echoed down the walls.  “Do I smell urine,” they heard him ask.  Rock smiled.  
They emerged from the cave, passing through two elaborate figures carved on either side of the entrance.  Rock let his fingers slide over the Mayan God of rain and lighting, Chac, they called him.  His reptilian body was now smooth as the elements wore away the small details over time, but his axe, resembling a serpent was quite clear in its distinction.  There were two good-sized waterfalls near to this area and Chac was said to dwell in such places when not in the clouds.  Rock looked up to a clear blue sky. The rain god was certainly nowhere to be seen.    
They stepped down onto the soft ground to begin threading their way through the jungle and back to camp.  Mosquitoes in thick bunches swarmed their path, plucking at the exposed skin, though having made that mistake before, Rock was fully prepared.  He pulled a net over his face and neck and made sure his sleeves and pants ran their full length. 
“You could have stayed,” he said, as they walked, “Wallace didn’t wave you out, just me.”
“Why only you?”
“He says I distract him.  I used to stay and try and learn.  He’s a good teacher, you know.  But I quip too much for him, and he’s right, with me in there it usually takes him much longer.”
“How do you know it wouldn’t be the same with me,” she asked.
Rock ducked under a branch and almost stepped on a little black snake as it hurried away.  “Cause you’re young, and you care.  You’d shut up and let him teach you.  I’ve absorbed about as much of that as I can, now I’m interested in finding something I can put my hands on and take with me.”
“Me too,” she chimed in excitedly, “I’d like to find some treasure nobody else has ever seen.” 
“You just have,” he replied, “though it isn’t what you were probably hoping for.  Those scribbles will give many people with boring jobs something to do and that information will be given to countless others and so on.  Uncovering what a culture was all about and what happened to them, that’s quite a treasure.  I’d never tell Wallace that of course.”
“I think he already knows.”
“Probably.  My point is I know this culture, in and out, just from spending time with the old fart.  That knowledge has helped me to understand them, and find more places and more artifacts.  You have to understand someone before you can find what they’ve left behind.  Just a legend or a general location isn’t enough, you might find something, but it won’t be great and probably already looted.”  He casually gestured back towards the cave.
“What about all those old maps you have plastered in your office, haven’t they led you anywhere?”
Rock’s map collection was enormous, spanning two full rooms with the more delicate ones encased on the walls.  “A map helps,” he said.  “But most of those have been drawn and redrawn and lost their authenticity.  They’ll give you a general location at best.  As I said before, you need to know the man who made the first map.  Know him, and you can decipher where his drawn hand really leads.”
Rock paused his walk and turned to look at her.  Sayla met his eyes.  Her big green orbs reflected what little sun made it down to the jungle floor, and they gave in.  “I think I’m going to go back and help Wallace,” she said softly.
“I think that’s a good idea.”  He watched her start trudging back the way they had come.  “Be careful where you step,” he called after her.  
He walked another hundred yards and the broad panels of their bright yellow tents told him he had arrived at camp.  He trotted into the clearing and found it all but vacant.  Most of the members of the small team hovered around Wallace back at the cave, attending to his multiple needs.  The only ones still here were one of their local hires from the nearest village and Brett Silver, Rock’s diving partner.  Brett was spraying insect repellant on himself with one hand and swatting at the air in front of him with the other.  To Rock, he looked mad and off-balance, akin to an older man trying to roller skate.
Rock always dragged Brett along on his expeditions, even the ones inland as this one turned out to be.  Central America was littered with underground caves and waterways and he always wanted to be prepared. They’d been on hundreds of dives together over the past decade, mostly in the Caribbean searching for lost ships and the occasional unexplored cave.  Brett shared his greatest find, the remains of a 16th century Spanish Galleon that sunk a few miles off the coast of Haiti.  The find netted over two million dollars in old golden coins.  What they were able to keep after taking care of their investors and the Spanish government was just under seven hundred thousand, which they split down the middle.  Now, Brett just came along for the thrills, though it appeared he wasn’t enjoying himself much at the moment.  
Brett spotted his entrance, “when can we get back to the beach, the jungle sucks.”
“Not everything can be found in the ocean,” Rock said coming over next to him.
“Anything I want to find can be.  I can’t take these bugs much longer.”  He ran his hand over his short-cropped blond hair.
“And I can’t take your bitching either,” Rock slapped him on the back and moved towards his tent.
Rock climbed inside and flopped down on his air mat.  He grabbed his notepad to start jotting down his thoughts.  It helped him to organize his thinking and essentially was a key ingredient to finding the next location.  Every expedition started and ended with his notes and every year his knowledge base grew with the stacks of paper.  He eventually wanted to catch up electronically and commit his learning to a computer document but he realized they would probably stay etched in pencil until he was too old to go exploring the world.  When he couldn’t walk, he’d transfer them over.  That’s what he told himself.
After he had written a page he felt his eyes start to droop and with nothing pressing to command his attention, he let himself drift away.  His last thought lingered on the future and if he would ever again find anything to make his heart race as it had during his dive off Haiti.  It had been years since he had come across anything significant.  He was either due or washed up.  
Hours later, Rock awoke to the sounds of laughing.  His tent was dark but the dancing light of a fire bled through the nylon walls.  He sat up and turned on his lamp, blinking his eyes to break from sleep.  He caught a glimpse of his hands in the dim light.  They appeared old and worn.  The abounding creases and rough calloused patches made them look much older than his 39 years.  But that was one of the small prices to be paid for his lifestyle.  
He quickly stretched his muscles and moved out of the tent. The whole crew had returned and they muddled around a central fire.  He smiled and received a few nods in return but passed by the main core of the group and found Wallace sitting alone, pouring over his own notes.  He sat in a small gazebo with a chair and small table, surrounded by a thin net.  Rock brought his own fold up seat and joined Wallace, who looked up but said nothing as he sat down.
“Anything interesting old man,” he said breaking the silence.
Wallace grunted and held up his finger.  Rock was used to the gesture.  He never received an immediate response. After a minute of silence, the old man looked up, and curled his nose.
“Well,” Rock said staring at Wallace, counting the crow lines branching off the corners of his eyes.
“There are twenty,” he said unexpectedly.
“How did you know what I was doing,” Rock laughed.
“I don’t know what you are doing in that cracked head of yours. I’m saying there are twenty symbols here that are separated from the rest and don’t go along with the story told on the wall.  They say something else entirely.”  Wallace grimaced.  
“Try me,” Rock said candidly.
“If I translated this correctly,” he started as always. Rock rolled his eyes knowing the old man translated the glyphs perfectly or as close as anyone could up to this point in the understanding of Mayan writing.  “It says something about a place of transition and offerings, most likely sacrificial, as was their style.  It says that the hill above the entrance is the sacred place to move between the worlds.”  He coughed and cleared his throat.  “Mickey!”  He unexpectedly yelled towards the fire.  “Bring me some tea!”  He coughed again.
“Did you send anyone to the hill,” Rock asked.
“Of course I did, but we didn’t find anything.  We wouldn’t, it’s too open to the elements.  The years would have removed any evidence.  Though I find it odd since I’ve never come across any site that led me to believe the Mayans used open hillsides to conduct their sacrifices to the Gods.”
“They didn’t,” Rock replied quietly.  “I’ll have a look tomorrow.”
“Good,” Wallace said.  “You know you have a smart cookie on your hands.”
“Sayla?”
“Is that her name?”
“You know her name.”
“Well, she certainly knows more than you did when we first started.”
“That doesn’t surprise me, most kids know more than me these days,” he grinned.  “What exactly though, you seemed impressed.”
Wallace ignored him for a moment and looked back at his notepad.  He grunted.  “Well for one thing, she can translate decently, something that took me years to teach you.  Do you know what she said when I asked her where she learned?”
“I can guess.  Online.”  Rock even knew which site she used.  He had a link to it on his own site, a domain about lost treasure and legends.  It was quite popular.  He couldn’t believe the amount of traffic it yielded and many of his links branched off to Mayan sites, translations, research and recent finds.  One could learn a lot if they took the time to get around and move past the crap.  However, most sites that wanted to link in were concerned with the quickly approaching doomsday foretold this year by the ending of the Mayan calendar.  He denied those particular requests.  Superstitions and end of the world fanatics bugged him.
“How do you find anything on that interweb,” Wallace growled, “I type a word in and irrelevance and nonsense comes up, and if it’s not misinformation, it’s some big girl’s ass waving at me like a Japanese flag.”
Rock almost burst out laughing.  “I agree,” he said through a smile, “but there are some good places if you know how to find them.”
“And I’m too old to learn,” Wallace replied.  
“I’ll check out your hill tomorrow,” Rock brought the conversation back into a sphere of relevance.  “I have a feeling we’re missing something.”  Rock stood up to leave just as Mickey was bringing Wallace his cup of tea.  “I’ll see you in the morning,” Rock said and Wallace snorted, the usual end to their conversations.
Most of the group still lingered around the fire, some had gone to bed and others were packing gear tightly away for the night.  The jungle awoke at this hour.  The darkened ground looked alive, moving with a swift motion dominated by millions of insects and the creatures that hunted them.
He found a place next to the fire, sandwiched between Mickey, who just returned, and Sayla.  Mickey was a graduate student at Vanderbilt and only a year younger than Sayla.  He was the nerdy type.  Short in height, wavy sandy colored hair, wide eyes and a beak of a nose.  He wasn’t pretty, but he seemed intelligent enough.  Rock slapped him on the knee as he sat down.  
“See anything interesting today?” Rock asked as he felt the heat of the fire fall over him.
“Plenty,” Mickey replied, “the site was amazing, but Professor Bimbi finds it a little odd.”
“I know, but let’s get one thing straight.  Wallace doesn’t teach classes anymore, he just helps the department, so call him Wallace or Mr. Bimbi.  None of this professor crap.”  Mickey laughed.	
“Do you think there’s another site around here, another cave?” Sayla asked, again too excited to know any better.
“Perhaps.”  Rock slid his chair backwards.  The heat was a little much.  “But who’s to say.  If there is another one, we probably won’t be able to find it by the time our supplies run low.”
“It has to be around here, maybe near one of the waterfalls,” she said.
“We’ve searched many of those areas, I doubt there’s anything we missed.  If there is a second cave we’ll find it by answering one question.”  He glanced at both of them.  They hung on every word, nodding like a couple of pigeons.  “It’s simple, why use two sites, why need two caves?”  They both remained silent.  “Think on that tonight,” he said and rose from his seat, “have an answer for me in the morning.”  
Rock walked off towards his tent.  He had to finish his notes for the day.  Then he’d make sure everything was put away for the night and tuck in.  Tomorrow would be interesting, he knew, for he had already formulated his own answer to the question.
Rock awoke early in the morning. He quickly made his way atop the hill that Wallace spoke of the day before.  It rested a good hike above the cave site, sloping so steeply at times he had to stop and find a different way around.  But eventually he found a broad flat patch near the peak, spotted with giant boulders and, unlike the rest of the jungle, covered mostly in grass and moss.  Above him, clouds bunched in dark formations blocking the morning sun.  Chac must have returned to the sky, he mused, hoping the rain would hold off until the afternoon.	
He started poking around, the ground was soft and his boots made brief imprints before the grass sponged back to its original form.  A slight breeze blew from the north.  During the night, he had realized the cave site they found was just the beginning of something more elaborate.  The real discovery rested nearby, created by some event, moving further into the ground, deeper and now secret.  The entrance wasn’t necessarily hidden, he knew, but that didn’t mean it would be easy to locate.  
He came across this type of puzzle often, the process of searching felt natural and he fell right into his old routines.  The first step was to determine what was valuable or important and at what level of secrecy was to be maintained, if any.  From there he would find the source of information and plot a general location.  The next step, and most pivotal, was to develop a why.  He then used the information from his answer to decide upon a specific location.  The rest was persistence.  It was a basic process of deconstruction.  Take what you know, answer deductively and rationally to the questions unanswered, combine the results and then stick it out.  Sometimes he wasted weeks having everything wrong, but that’s the way things fell.  Many in his profession based finds on luck, to him that was the bullshit way of passing off a defeat.  He didn’t believe in luck, reason and common sense far bested luck in results.  
Rock perked up at the sound of footsteps.  Sayla and Mickey trudged up the hill together and both slumped in exhausted postures from the climb.  
“Good morning,” Rock said cheerfully, leaning against one of the many boulders.
They responded in kind, then stopped to rest.  Sayla leaned against the same boulder and Mickey bent over with one hand on each knee, wheezing.
“Quite a climb, I would think at your age, you both would be in better shape,” Rock grinned.
“Have you found anything,” Sayla asked.
“Nothing yet.”
“What do you hope to find?  The professor said that time would have worn away most anything left in the open,” Mickey said, standing up straight but still breathing heavily.
“Who’s this professor you speak of,” Rock asked, seemingly confused.
“Sorry…Wallace,” Mickey rolled his eyes.
“Oh Wallace.  Well that old man knows nothing about finding things.  He just knows what to do with them when someone else finds them.  Why do you think he has me along?  You really think he’d pay for my overpriced and outlandish service if he could find things on his own?”
“I never thought of it like that,” Mickey said.
“Shut up,” Sayla hit Rock on the shoulder, “now what are you really looking for up here, a clue or something?”
Rock laughed. “Yes, I’m looking for a piece of stone chipped off from one of the cave carvings that when analyzed will point me in the right direction to find a petrified footprint that leads me ultimately to a burial ground.  This isn’t a treasure hunt darling, this is trying to locate something that was never meant to be hidden but has simply been lost in time.  There won’t be any purposeful clues left behind to point you in a direction, the Mayans weren’t like that.  The reason I’m up here has to do with my question I posed to you last night.”
“Why use two sites?” Mickey repeated the question.
“Yes,” Rock said, “but even more basic than that, answer the question of, why.”
“One to live in, one to sacrifice in,” Sayla guessed.
“Not their style,” Rock replied.  “Caves were places of the underworld, sacrificial places and such, not usually for living.”
“Then what was the cave we found used for,” she asked.
“Well, that’s a question we need to answer, and a step in the right direction.”  Rock started walking across the hill.  Mickey and Sayla followed behind him, thinking out loud.  He listened to their banter and though they were moving down the wrong path, the way they were moving was good.  
Rock decided to interrupt them.  “Let’s get off the idea that the cave was for some other purpose, I like where you’re headed, but try to imagine that sacrifices were actually done in that cave.”
“But there’s no evidence for that at all,” Mickey protested immediately.
“How do you know, perhaps there is, you just haven’t seen it.”  Rock stomped hard on the ground and continued on.  The action seemed to have clued Sayla.
“You’re saying that the cave is larger than what we saw.  Maybe somehow it closed up.  An earthquake or something.”  Sayla’s voice rose up at the end with excitement.  
“Mayan caves aren’t known for being easily navigated,” he answered.  “Sometimes you have to squeeze through tiny openings, in others you have to completely submerse yourself in water and swim to another part.  It isn’t inconceivable for this cave to have had a slight portal that was sealed by some event.  Then perhaps the cave opened itself somewhere else, perhaps an opening less desirable than the first.”  He knew from study that this particular region was seismically active, especially hundreds of years ago.
“You think the second cave opens from above,” she said back to him.
“It’s just a theory, but with what I saw inside the cave, and what Wallace read on the walls, it’s a possibility.”  
“That’s cool,” Mickey said as he and Sayla began to smash their feet into the ground, imitating Rock.  Two paces later, Mickey crushed through the surface.  His leg was sucked into the ground and his arms flung out reaching for help. Rock and Sayla ran to him and grabbed his arms, pulling him back to safety.  
“You ok,” Rock asked when they were clear of the hole.  
Mickey nodded.  “Is that what you were looking for?”
“I don’t know,” Rock flattened out on his stomach and inched forward.  He shined a light into the blackness.  Below him, a multitude of unbroken pots and artifacts rested untouched.  A dull knife lay clearly on a stone shelf and three tunnels branched off, heading deeper into the ground.  
Rock was amazed at what he saw.  He wriggled backwards and sat next to Mickey. “How?
“I don’t know,” the boy replied, “luck?”
 




Chapter 2
Miami, March 2012




A light breeze from the East carried with it the fresh scent of the ocean. It floated through his open window, filling the small office.  Rock never tired of that smell.  Freedom, some called it, discovery was the term he preferred.  It was at these times that he pitied the thousands of desk jockeys that inhaled re-circulated air, ceaselessly pumped through their containers.  He never understood why, but cubicle dwelling seemed to be a popular lifestyle. 
Rock leaned back, intertwining his fingers and resting his head in the web.  He slowly closed his eyes.  They returned from Guatemala a few days back and he was still catching up on sleep.  Wallace was extremely pleased with their effort, noting the recent find netted far more intact pieces than usual.  The well-preserved artifacts would no doubt shed another sliver of light on the Mayan culture.  Rock also reigned in a rather large bonus for the success and with nothing pressing his attention he’d wait and see what the world delivered in the coming weeks.  On the rare case nothing presented itself, he’d create his own project and delve into one of the many mysteries the Caribbean had to offer.
Sayla was ruffling around in the back, sorting his makeshift collection of old books, maps and legends.  In all, he didn’t know what might be lurking in the dusty crates, but she seemed fascinated by them.  Every now and then she’d bring something out to show him, holding it up as though it were some fanciful prize she had won.  Of course Rock himself had never made sense of most of the things back there simply because there wasn’t enough information to come to any relevant conclusions.  But he’d let her dig away.  Her eyes may pick out something his missed.  It pleased him to finally have things getting organized.  
“This is amazing,” Sayla stepped in from the back room, dusting off an old 19th century publication.  “Is this an original?”
“Probably,” he replied.
“You don’t even have it covered.  Look, the glue is almost flaked away and the pages are crumbling.  This will be completely worthless in another year.”
“There’s a whole slew of them back there, somewhere,” he replied.  He remembered coming across the dusty yellow books in the attic of an old friend’s house back in Philadelphia.  They weren’t even his.  They had been there when he moved in.  Rock paid a small sum of money for them, but forgot about even owning the pieces until now.
“Have you ever thought about selling these on e-bay?”
“And giving snobby collectors something else to brag about owning for a day before it becomes old hat and they need to buy something else.  I’d rather keep it dusty in that box than play that game.”
“Sorry I asked.  I’ll at least brush it off for you and put it in one of your airtight crates.  Something you should have done when you first got it.”  She disappeared once again, slipping into the back room.  
Rock rose from his chair and took a few steps outside.  He could see the ocean stretching to meet the horizon just above the two rows of buildings between him and the beach.  The land sloped enough to let the deep blue peek over the tops to where he stood.  He felt isolated, which wasn’t a bad thing, the two spaces on either side of his office were up for lease and the parking lot was empty, save for his car and Sayla’s motorcycle, a red Suzuki GSF1200 Bandit.  Rock didn’t know much about bikes, never cared to learn, though Sayla promised to teach him if he’d buy a cheap model for practice.
The phone rang in the office.  He heard Sayla running to get it and then trip and fall over something, cursing as she gained her feet. He peeked inside to see her rubbing her shin, grinning in frustration.  
“I missed it,” she said.
“What do I pay you for,” he said through a smile.  She stuck out her tongue.  “Who was it,” he asked.
Sayla checked the caller log, “your ex,” she said.  
“Oh, well then I won’t hold it against you for missing it.”
“I think she’s nice, every time I talk to her, she’s very nice.”
“Anna?”
“Yes.”
“How often do you talk to her?”  
“Once in awhile, she’ll call me.”  Rock gave a look of confusion.  He had no idea they talked.  Sayla’s cell phone began to ring.  
“That better not be her,” he said.
Sayla looked at her phone and smiled.  She answered it, “hey Anna.  He’s right here, you wanna talk to him.”  She held the phone up for him to take.  The pink plastic cover made him feel somewhat feminine.  
“Hi Anna,” he answered.
“Hi Rock,” her voice was higher than normal.  She was excited about something.  “How are you?”
“I’m fine, and yourself?”
“Good,” she stopped. He knew her well enough from their marriage of six years to know she really wanted to tell him something.
“So how long have you been keeping tabs on me through my apprentice?”
“Not long, a couple of months, she’s quite sweet.  I’ll bet she’s a pretty little thing too.”
“It’s not like that.”
“I’m sure it isn’t.”
“What do you want Anna?”  
“I’ve been contracted by the Delega Group to dig up Oak Island, care to help?”
“Excuse me.”  Rock’s throat immediately felt dry.  It’d been a dream of his to excavate Oak Island and Anna knew it.  The fact that nobody could figure out how to get at what was buried made his fingers tingle.  The few facts available were incomplete and he wanted to know the real story.  “Do you have access to everything,” he asked.
“I do, they purchased the rights from Nova Scotia and kicked out all the squatters,” she was gloating now.
“What do you need me for?”
“I’m going to need some fresh ideas and with a little pushing from Nate, you came to mind.”
“Well, that’s very thoughtful of both of you, and tell Nate hi for me, but I’m going to have to decline.” 
“Because you’d be working for me?”
“Pretty much, I don’t mix well with someone giving me orders, and you excel in that department.”
“Well, if you reconsider, you have my number.  I’m starting in a couple of days.”
“I do,” he said.  “Remember though, if you get stuck and want to offer me full course to pursue what I want, when I want, and still pay me, you have my number.”  He smiled at Sayla.
“Fat chance of that Rock,” Anna replied.
“I’ll be expecting your call,” he said.  Anna hung up and he quickly flipped the phone back to Sayla.
She caught it and shook her head at him.  “I can’t believe you turned that down.” she said  “You’ve even told me about your obsession with Oak Island.”
“Follow me,” Rock grabbed her arm.  He briskly walked through the office and into the back room where boxes upon boxes were stacked against the walls allowing very little area to move.  He decisively walked towards a back corner and kicked open a small file cabinet.  He pulled out a black folder bursting with pages and shoved it into Sayla’s arms.  He reached back in and took out another one and stacked it on the top.  “This is my unorganized research involving Oak Island, theories, ideas, facts.  Everything I know about it.  I need you to go through it, learn it, organize it and bring it back to me when it’s done.”
“I’m confused.”
“No, you’re not,” he patted her on the shoulder.  “You know me well enough to know that I know that at some point we’ll be getting a call that will bring us to Nova Scotia.  She’ll want to know what I think when she can’t come up with any way to raise what’s buried.”
“What if she does?”
Rock laughed.  “She may in time, but she’s impatient.  When her first few attempts fail, she’ll call.”
“But if you can help now, we’re just wasting time.”
Rock shook his head. “I’m going to pretend you didn’t say that.  I’m going to tell this to you once, and it’s something that has served me well.  Never take the ham sandwich without the bread, if you can’t hold things together, it’s gonna get messy” 
“Did you just make that up?”
“No, I read it in a negotiating magazine.”
“Ok.” Sayla rolled her eyes.  She shuffled the folders to a more comfortable position in her arms and walked away from him. “I’ll get right on this,” she said on her way out.
Rock had done months worth of research on Oak Island, almost a decade ago.  At the present, he didn’t know what was going on with the site.  It could be relegated to tours, on hiatus while raising funds to try another dig, or even abandoned.  He needed an update.  He told Sayla to lock up when she finished and then he jogged out the door.
The drive to Green Library at the FIU campus was further than what he wanted to go but it was the largest information center in the area, making it the best place to start.
He arrived in good time and stepped inside, shuddering at the fluorescent lighting and smooth, clean lines.  He much preferred the ruggedness and variety of nature.  This felt uncomfortable.  It was, however, a place he was always able to concentrate. Inside these walls, there wasn’t much else to do.
The history of the Oak Island site was fascinating as were the numerous attempts to pull the treasure from the ground.  It all supposedly started back in the late 18th century when a young kid, Daniel McGinnis, found an old tackle block hung from an Oak tree on the island.  Underneath it, a depression in the ground marked a likely spot where the earth had been disturbed and moved and settled back again.  He and two of his friends worked the spot but gave up after they discovered the elaborate workings and traps associated with the site.  From there, the legend grew, including a theory of buried pirate treasure, most notably the stash of one Captain Kidd.  Two hundred years later, with six lives lost and millions of dollars spent, whatever was put in that ground, still sits there today.
That’s what excited him most, not the idea of finding something that nobody has seen, since any fool can stumble upon a hidden ruin, but succeeding where so many had failed.  Men had spent their fortunes and their entire lives trying to get at the treasure.  It had become an obsession to more than one individual.  Even today, last he had heard, the island was divided in lots, obsession driven men were buying the land and digging without cause or reason.  He knew the type.  They would pick up a stone and see a scratch on the surface claiming it was a hidden message on how to retrieve the treasure.  Rock called it shit polishing.  Whatever crap they found, their mind would bend it into substantiation.
He started bringing up the recent articles on Nova Scotia and Oak Island.  Most of the literature was about land rights and lawsuits.  He only picked out a few that outlined any new finds and a couple that wrote about the whole thing as a hoax.  He knew that was a very real possibility. The facts that were present were obvious fabrications, or stretches of the truth, and he’d have to weed out fact from fiction before he could reach any real resolution.  But the place sounded like fun and he wanted to come to his own conclusions.
He left the library at 3am, thirteen hours after he arrived.  He only printed off four articles in total, each having to do with the dating of certain items found on the island.  Other than various conspiracy theories written by nutcases, there was nothing new of any substance.  He found that both delightful and disheartening.  The hunt had fallen extremely stale. 
When Rock returned to the office, Sayla was gone. He shook the handle to the door once to be sure it was locked and it met with satisfaction.
“Rock Tilton,” an unexpected voice startled him.  He spun around and found a man in a dark suit leaning against his car.  
“A little late to be sneaking up on someone, friend.”  Rock casually stuck his hand in his pants and fingered his leatherman.  He flipped out the blade, but kept it in his pocket.
“I apologize for coming at such a strange time.  My name is Michael Cooper.  I represent an organization that wishes to acquire your services.”
“And this couldn’t wait until morning?” Rock started walking towards the front of his car.
“The people I represent are not known for their patience.”
“May I ask what organization you’re referring to?”
“I cannot say.”
“Sounds legal.” Rock squinted but he couldn’t get a good look at the man.  He had conveniently placed himself in the shadows
“Legality won’t be an issue.”
“Perhaps we should continue this in the morning.  It’s late and my negotiating skills aren’t exactly at their most functional.  I think I’d be doing myself a disservice to continue.  Why don’t you just slide your card under the door and I’ll call you, Michael, right?”
“Michael Cooper.”
“Sure.”
“Mr. Tilton.  This concerns Oak Island.” 
Rock paused.  He checked his watch for no reason.  “Oak Island is not my concern,” he said.
“It should be.  Your ex-wife doesn’t know what she is becoming a part of.”  The man began a light stroll.  He reached into his pocket and withdrew something, holding it between his fingers.  “Here’s my card Mr. Tilton.” He placed it on the hood of the car.  “Call me in the morning.”
Rock watched him go until the man disappeared, lost to the night.  He walked over to the front of his car and picked up the card, gently placing it in his pocket.  Nothing was ever simple, he thought, and Oak Island just became that much more intriguing.

 
Chapter 3
Miami, April 1st 2012




The office building was plain and unattractive.  It bore white walls and faded orange trim.  Even the morning sun, glinting off the shingles did nothing to enhance its normal, unoriginal presence.  Rock had been unimpressed with the man the night before and now, walking up to the building he did business out of, he felt much the same way all over again.  
He had called Michael Cooper an hour earlier, fumbling with his plain white, unattractive business card that said nothing about the man or his work.  He agreed to meet him and hear what he had to say though Rock hardly thought anything would come of it.
“He just walked in,” Rock heard Michael Cooper uttered into the phone as he entered.  “I need to go.” He put down the receiver and stood up from behind a small flimsy desk.  He greeted Rock with a toothy smile.  He wore a black suit and red tie.  The outfit somehow clashed with his neat blond hair.
“Hello Michael.”  Rock nodded. 
“Good morning, Rock,” the man returned.  “Let’s get right to it.  I bet you’re considering why you are here and what I have to do with your ex-wife and the excavation of Oak Island.  Please sit.”  He gestured to a solid metal folding chair across from his desk.  
Rock sat down.  “Actually I was wondering how long I needed to leave a full rack of ribs on the grill.  Just give me your best tip and I’ll be on my way.”
Michael ignored his comment.  “My client wishes to gain consistent and current information as to what is happening on Oak Island.  I figured you might have the ability to provide said material,” he paused briefly, “for a price of course.”
“Your client?  What exactly do you do and who do you represent,” Rock asked but didn’t wait for response before continuing.  “Your building has no official title for your office, you’re too vague to find on-line, and on the door and your card, it simply says your name and then a drawing of a single rose.”
“That’s all you really need to know, this isn’t about me.”  Michael Cooper said leaning back in his mesh style office chair.  Rock took the opportunity to study his surroundings.  Many times you could learn more about a person from their possessions than from their words.  But the room was plain.  A picture of a plate of fruit adorned one wall, a file cabinet sat in the corner next to a small fridge and a desk lamp, unplugged sat to his right.  Other than that it was just the two of them, not even a window.  
Rock responded without making eye contact.  “You’re asking me to spy on my ex-wife, for money.  But you do realize I already have enough money for my lifestyle. I don’t need yours.  The only reason I’m here is because you involved Anna.  Answer this if you can, is she in any danger?”      
“The people she is working for aren’t known for being, compassionate.”
Rock groaned.  Michael Cooper was the type to dodge any relevant question with vague answers.  “Answer the question in one word,” he urged.
“Then, yes.”  
“Why?”
“If she succeeds in her task, the Delega Group, her employer, will dispose of her to be sure she doesn’t talk.”
“Talk about what?  That makes no sense.  They wouldn’t bring her on just to get rid of her when she succeeds.”
“You don’t know their nature.”
“You do?”
“Intimately, I used to work for them.”  
Rock couldn’t tell if he was lying or not.  Normally he’d ask another follow up question to test the answer but he knew if this was a lie, the man before him had already worked out a proper response.  “So what exactly can I do to protect her?”  He decided to play along and see where this went.
“My client needs you to make sure she fails.  If she doesn’t bring anything up, there’s no reason for the man who runs things over there, Seth Delega to get rid of her.  Simple.”
“What does your client get from all of this?” 
“Some things were never meant to be found.”
“Everything is meant to be found or it would have been destroyed.”
Michael stayed silent to consider his point but looked a little disheartened.  “We will pay you a lump sum of cash afterwards, of course.”
“Again with the money.  What if I can’t convince them to give the task up?  She’s going to have some people around her with strong convictions.”  
“I know,” he admitted, “they may have some poor readings or equipment malfunctions.  It happens all the time, it’s happened on Oak Island before.  You are familiar with the history?” 
“Did we just go from spying to sabotage because that’s an entirely different animal?”
“It’s for their own good.  You have to trust me on that Rock.  If my client is correct, you don’t want Delega to retrieve the contents on that island.”  The man’s pace was growing more urgent. 
“Do your clients know for sure what’s buried under Oak Island?” 
“No, they don’t.”  Michael paused, “ for sure,” he added.
“Then I think we’re done here.”  Rock didn’t wait for an answer.  He immediately left the room and shut the door behind him.  He stepped out from the shadow of the plain building and immediately dialed Sayla.  She was supposed to be here by now, waiting for him.  
“Hi Rock,” she answered after the first ring.  “Did it go how you thought it would,” her high-pitched voice gave away the two coffees she already put down in the last hour. 
“Almost.  It was even a little more vague than I thought.  Did you get the car?” 
“Yeah,” she answered. 
“Ok, so where are you?”
“I’m in the parking lot, I can see you,” she said.  Rock looked around but couldn’t locate her. 
“Ok.  I don’t expect him to stay much longer.  I don’t think he even uses that office much at all, if it’s even his.  So be ready.  And when you follow him, try and not be too obvious, but don’t lose him.  I’d like to know who this guy is and who he deals with.”
“This is romantic you know,” she said.
“What is?”
“Being worried about Anna, so you’re playing detective.”
“I’m just concerned for her job that’s all.  Since they couldn’t get me, I don’t think they’re done looking for someone to do their dirty work.”
“You should have just said you’d do it and then don’t.”
“I thought about that, but no matter how much control you think have in a situation like this, you probably have much less.  I don’t want to be anybody’s pawn, they were probably recording me anyhow.”
“Never take the ham sandwich without the bread,” she replied.
“Did I ever tell you you’re my favorite apprentice?”
“All the time.”
“All right, I’ll talk to you later.  Good luck.”
Rock made it back to his office and spent the next few hours sitting silently at his desk, thinking.  The afternoon snuck up on him slowly and he thumbed through his notes on Oak Island trying to gain some grasp on what exactly could be buried there.  He began pacing the room when he became frustrated with his lack of progress and the fact that Sayla had yet to come back.  He expected to hear something hours ago.  He tried her twice by phone and both instances the call went straight to voice mail.  
He stepped outside and peered across the open lot stretching his arms high over his head and staring at the small amount of water he could see.  The sight calmed him as usual.  The sky hanging above was beginning to change in color and the sun would dip below the horizon in less than an hour.
He pulled out his phone to try again when a pair of dim headlights finally pulled into the empty complex.  He was relieved to see the old tan Buick slowly clunk its way towards him.  But then another car pulled in just after it, a black truck with tinted windows.
Rock tensed for just a moment as the cars rolled towards him.  Then he ran inside and pulled open his file drawer.  He quickly dug to the bottom and grabbed his gun. He’d never fired his Kimber 1911 outside the range and he’d had it almost a decade.  He stuffed it in his pants and ran back outside, pausing at the door as the tan Buick came to a sliding stop.  The back door swung open and Sayla was kicked out.  Her body slumped to the ground and crumpled into a small heap.  She started crawling towards the curb.  
He took a step forward to help her when a man came barreling out of the Buick and Rock hesitated, gauging the new threat.  The man stood about the same height as Rock with long black hair and brown eyes.  His skin was dark, not black but well tanned.  Rock didn’t have to study his frame to know this man was meant to intimidate.  
“I think this belongs to you,” the man said in a heavy accent. 
“What’d you do to her?”  Rock started forward again and knelt next to Sayla keeping his focus upwards.  He touched her on the back and she looked at him.  Her left eye was swollen shut and mascara ran down her cheeks to leave two dark trails that made her look gothic.
“You should think next time before sending someone else to do your snooping,” the man said.
“You had no right to do this,” Rock replied calmly.  On the outside he kept a steady face while anger raged within.  He wanted to kill this man and he had the means to do it. He lifted Sayla to her feet walked her towards the office.  He sat her down in a white plastic chair just outside the door and walked back to the curb.
The Buick shut off its engine and a second man appeared from the driver’s side.  He was smaller in frame, with dark glasses and wavy brown hair.  He walked around the car and stopped only a few paces away.  Rock wiggled his fingers by his side trying to predict how this would turn out and what his best move might be.  
 “I suggest you drop this whole issue,” the new man said.  “Go back to your little digs and forget having ever met Michael Cooper.  We thought you’d want to help Anna, but your divorce must have been pretty distasteful.  Your inactions could force us to take,” he paused before continuing, “other measures.” He ended with a smile.
“Other measures, meaning harmful ones,” Rock glanced from side to side trying to keep both of them in his field of view.  “What makes you think I won’t warn her?”
“Because then I’ll kill you,” the smaller man drew a gun and before Rock could react.  He walked forward and came close enough to push it into his chest.  Rock felt his heart rate jump.  He wanted to reach for his own gun but sense told him to remain still.  “And then I’ll kill the whore over there and then I’ll move on to anybody else you know.  Perhaps the owner of this shitty car.”
“Enough!”  Michael Cooper appeared in front of the truck. “Put your weapon down.”  When the man looked away, Rock swiftly pushed the arm to the side and struck the man in the face.  The little body sprawled to the concrete and the gun slid along the ground. Rock shook out his hand, it stung where he’d made contact with the jaw.  
“Calm down Rock,” Michael Cooper took a few steps closer.  “My apologies, I didn’t want it to come to that,” he said.  “But please don’t try to follow me again, that is unwise.”
“You had no right to hurt her.”  Rock replied.  “Obviously we don’t know what exactly we are involved with and are in way over our heads.”
“You are,” Michael returned.  “And now, how can I trust you to stay out of it?”
“You can’t, not as long as Anna is in danger from you.”
“From us?  We’re not the ones you should be scared of.”
“I see that,” he said sarcastically and looked back at Sayla.
“That’s a simple lesson, one I hope you both have learned.”
“We’ve learned it,” Rock replied.
“I’ve already asked and you declined my offer.  We won’t be bothering you any more.  But Rock, if you should find yourself in Nova Scotia and are part of the success in retrieving what was buried, be sure to know what it is you are handing over before you give it to Delega.  Be sure you know what it is,” he repeated for effect.  “And also know we won’t be far behind.  Let’s go.”  Michael nodded to his men.  The smaller one picked himself up off the ground and glared at him.  There was a bright red circle on his left cheek.  Rock relaxed as the car pulled away.
“You ok?”  He turned to Sayla once the truck was lost to sight.
“I’ll be fine, I’ve had worse falls from my cycle,” she told him.
“I’m sorry,” he said.  He felt terrible.  He had asked her to do this and she took the brunt of the consequences.  “Let’s get some ice on that.”  He walked into the office and pulled out a cold can of soda, it was all he had.  Sayla came in after him and sat down.  “Put this on it for now,” he handed it over.
“This is intense,” she said and smiled at him.
He shook his head at the differences in their perceptions.  He wanted nothing more to do with this and he wanted Anna out.  Sayla wanted to keep pushing for some irrational young reason he couldn’t understand anymore.  “Intense isn’t what I would call it.”
“Anna’s into something big.”
“Anna’s in the middle of two rich idiots wanting some treasure and fame.  That’s all.  She needs to pull out of this.  It’s not worth it.”  Rock had seen this before, only not to the extent of pulling firearms.  These types of struggles always went sour.  Nobody would win, he knew, including Anna.
“You can’t just let this go,” she pleaded with him.
“I’m not going to let this go.  I am going to go to Nova Scotia and talk to Anna.”
“That’s so cool.  You’re going to dig it up.  Can I come?”
“I’m not going to dig anything up and I don’t think it’s a good idea for you to come along.  You need to get that eye looked at and I don’t want you around this shit anymore.  This isn’t the kind of stuff I brought you on for.  This is the type of stuff you have to avoid.  It’ll ruin your career and leave you broke, that is if it doesn’t kill you.”
Sayla stuck out her lower lip.  “So what am I supposed to do here?”  
“Heal.”  Rock slumped down at his desk.  He had enough of arguing for now and Sayla saw it.  She stopped pestering him.  He took a deep breath and started recalling the whole incident.  It all felt so cliché.  There was the muscle man, the guy with the gun, Michael stepping in at the perfect moment to right the situation.  He told him they wouldn’t be bothered anymore, but yet he was threatened by one of them and Sayla was given a swollen eye.  Nothing felt real about it.  The whole situation felt staged.  
“Did they say anything in the car,” he said breaking the momentary silence.
“Not much.  They talked about sports mostly.”
“Which one hit you?”
“You didn’t see him.  He didn’t come along.”
“Did the smaller guy talk about his wife?”
“Wife, no,” Sayla smirked.  “Someone married him?”
“No, no woman would marry that guy,” he said back to her.    “Thugs for hire aren’t usually the undying and forever love type.  But then he did have a ring on his left hand.”  Rock pulled his gun out and set it back in the drawer.  “It was the same as Michael’s.  A solid gold band, with a single engraved rose.”      
        

Chapter 4
Nova Scotia, April 2012




Anna was about to call it a day. The sun had just fallen beneath the horizon to give the brightest stars a chance to dapple the evening sky.  She would normally take a little time to appreciate such a clear night but at the moment she felt too exhausted to exert the effort.   
Her lead individuals from each department all arrived within the last forty-eight hours.  She wasn’t expecting such an immediate response but was delighted nonetheless.  She didn’t have a chance to speak to them about specific duties but did take the appropriate time to seek out Dennis Rehr, her GPR provider and technician.  He needed to get up and going as soon as possible.  Most of her plans relied on his images.  Luckily, he had been able to obtain for her one of the most sophisticated ground penetrating radar systems to date though she was still wary on how well it would work in this environment.  
Oak Island rested, at its highest point, 35 feet above sea level.  The make-up of the ground was very wet and muddy and it would limit the depth the machine could effectively penetrate.  If that was the case, he also secured for her an advanced borehole radar, which she believed would be perfect for obtaining the data the GPR could not.  They would lower the device into each of the numerous boreholes around the island and create a detailed 3-D map of what lay around them, including composition, layering, shapes and hopefully man-made items.
“Tired Nate,” she asked after her long time assistant and closest friend, yawned for the third time.  He was twenty-six with long unkempt brown hair and a lanky build.  Together, they had been pouring over historical facts and details of the location for almost ten hours.  She could see he was growing restless. The random doodles that covered his scratch pad were only the most recent sign.
“I’m good,” he replied.  
“I think we’re both ready to go,” she said.  “There’s not much else we’re going to accomplish today.”  Anna knew that once Nate hit the wall, his ability to retain information became irrelevant.  But she was happy with their progress. They had covered a lot of ground in trying to understand the last two hundred years of Oak Island history.  Her wastebasket overflowed with crumpled pages they found to be of no use.
“What’s on tap for tomorrow,” Nate asked.
“Dennis is going to start setting up his equipment and he and I will have a meeting about the routes to take with the GPR and when that’s going to actually get underway.  I’m also to meet with Jen Berent, Haden Green, and David Bennigton regarding the previous engineering attempts, what’s feasible and what’s not.”
“The brains,” Nate chimed in.
“Correct, they are the real brains here.  Between the three of them, they are some of the brightest minds in physics, construction engineering, mining engineering, structural engineering and mathematics.  Everything I’m going to need.”
“I’m just surprised you got them all to take time out to do this.”
“You can’t be that surprised.  The lure of the Oak Island mystery combined with The Delega Group’s freedom of spending inordinate sums of cash would hook anyone.  At least anyone who has a sense of discovery and more importantly, a price.”
Her employer, The Delega Group was a tight-lipped organization.  They were well known to have financial clout but what they actually did was never fully explained.  She had met with the heads of every department back in her hometown of Minneapolis, including the president, Seth Delega.  He was very stiff and meticulous but the meeting, which included the job offer, was quick and decisive.  They had offered her more than a fair amount with additional incentives.  She could forgive their secretive ways as long as they honored their agreement and paid her the bonus of a quarter-million dollars if she succeeded in excavating Oak Island by September.  At the moment, she was on track to finish much earlier.
Anna and Nate left their makeshift office building, which reminded her of a bunch of trailers hooked together and coated with the same color paint, and headed towards the parking lot. Two security guards approached them at the perimeter, dressed in deep blues.  They both wore radio wires running from their right ears.
“Ms. Riley,” one of them addressed her.  He carefully unhooked the wire to allow it to dangle at his shoulder.  He was a large man with a perfectly square jaw.
“That’s me,” Anna said.
“Are you the last to leave this evening?”
“I think so, I don’t remember anybody else being inside.”
“Very good.  I’m here to inform you that now that work is underway, we’ve been instructed to increase security measures.  Starting tomorrow, we will be visible around each individual site, the offices, beaches and the causeway at all times of the day.  And,” the guard looked at Nate and paused.
Anna sensed the apprehension.  “Nate is my most trusted colleague and friend.  What you say to me you can say to him.”
“And,” the guard continued.  “If you see any suspicious activity involving one of our security officers, or someone who looks out of place please ask for their ID.”  The guard whipped his identification out to show them.  It looked normal enough, a security badge, with the letters DS written across the top.  Anna casually glanced to the guard’s belt.  There was a plethora of items attached to him.  She saw a form of pepper spray, handcuffs, a telescoping nightstick and a gun.  It made her nervous.  What did they need guns for, she wondered.  
“Why do you need all that?”  She pointed at his belt. 
“The Delega Group has individuals on the outside that would like to see us fail, we just want everybody and everything to be as safe as possible.”
Anna nodded.  “I think we got it.”
“Very good.  I am Jacob, head of security from this point forward.  You’ll find my cell number in the directory at your house.  I suggest you have it on you.  You can call me anytime.  That’s all I have, good night Ms. Riley.”
“Anna,” she said, “its Anna.”
“Have a good night then, Anna.”
“You too Jacob.”
Anna and Nate left Jacob to his security duties and started driving back to their provided house in Western Shore.  “What are you thinking about,” she asked Nate after he hadn’t said a word half way through the ride.
“I don’t know.  I was just thinking that they have an awful lot of security and there’s something I don’t like about that guard.  I’m beginning to feel we’re in the middle of something, I guess….dangerous.”
“I’d say more secretive than dangerous.  I’m sure Delega just wants to be certain that whatever we find doesn’t leak into the media before he has a chance to present it.”  Anna looked over at Nate for a response but he closed his eyes and rested his head against the window.  
When they arrived home, it was already dark. The house itself was provided by the Delega Group as long as Anna was heading up the project.  It was an old Victorian style, painted yellow with white trim.  The lot was well kept and private, surrounded by numerous large trees and mature shrubs.  On the inside, the furnishings of the home fit perfectly with the exterior.  Warm colors adorned the walls and old classic pieces of furniture were well preserved and polished.  Glass fixtures, beautifully hand woven rugs and small statues were presented elegantly. Anna wasn’t used to being treated so well, her accommodations as a freelance archaeologist were usually consisted of a tent and air mat and or shoddy hotel room.
Nate immediately climbed the stairs without a word and shut himself in his room.  He would check in with all his social sites on the web and keep in touch with his friends before going to bed. He would pound the keys for a couple hours.  She wouldn’t see him the rest of the night.
She opened the fridge but nothing looked good.  She wasn’t hungry though she’d only eaten a few bites the entire day.  She thought about continuing to plan the rest of the month, setting aside a timetable with little room for deviation, but her energy ebbed low.  Maybe she just needed to relax.
She made her way to the second floor and opened the door to her room.  She felt the cool air prickle her skin.  Across the way, her window was half open and the drapes stirred with the gentle breeze.  A quick surge of adrenaline jolted through her.  She’d never opened the window. 
She froze and carefully scanned the room.  Her eyes fell on the bed where a small envelope rested neatly against the pillows.  Her name was printed on the outside in near perfect calligraphy.  She checked behind her and saw Nate’s door was still shut, light shone forth from the crack beneath it and the faint sound of tapping keys floated in the air.  She stepped silently into her room and closed the door behind her.  She immediately went to the window and shut that as well, locking it and folding the drapes over the opening.  
She sat on the bed and picked up the letter. She carefully unfolded the back and took out a single piece of paper, creased into thirds.  

Anna Riley- 
Threat is never so dangerous as when it is delivered without notice.  I strongly caution you in success for dealing in obsession is dealing in lunacy.  Delega is exactly that.  I need you to hear me out.  We must meet.  Come to the Black Pearl tonight.  I’ll find you at the bar. 

MIC

Anna put the note aside and took a deep breath.  For some reason, she didn’t feel a sense of panic.  Normally, such an invasion of privacy and security would throw her into a downward spiral of anxiety. Instead, Anna found herself curious.  She had a bad feeling about the owner of the Delega Group ever since meeting with him in Minneapolis.  Seth Delega was a stiff executive with slicked back dark hair and a fake smile.  There were things he wasn’t telling her but the money and intrigue of the job was too good to pass up.  Maybe this man Mic could provide her more information.
The lot of the Black Pearl, a small bar and grill off Highway 3, was full when she arrived.  Inside, the bar was mellow.  She pulled up a stool and ordered a glass of Guinness, checking out the patrons to see who didn’t fit in.  There seemed to be a good deal of regulars boasting to one another.  She found herself the object of two drunken suitors and more than a dozen unsteady eyes.
“Hi,” a man slid in next to her.  He smiled the way a man trying to pick up a woman smiles.  He was well built and good looking, almost a younger and more attractive version of Rock.  It was a shame that she had come for a very different purpose.
“Hi,” she replied.
“I haven’t seen you in here before,” he said, “I would have remembered.”
“Oh,” Anna smiled, she wasn’t used to compliments.  Sweet words weren’t Rock’s style and she hadn’t dated much since their divorce. 
“Yes, you’re very attractive.  I’m Peter.”  He held out his hand.
She shook it, “I’m Anna.”
“Are you here with anybody,” Peter asked.
“I am supposed to be meeting someone.”
“You don’t know who?”
“It’s kind of like a blind date,” she said.  It wasn’t a complete lie.
“I see, I better get going or I’ll scare him off.” Anna smiled.   “Well Anna, I lead diving groups out in the bay and if you ever feel like trying it out, it’d be my pleasure to take you, free of charge of course.  Here’s my card, give me a call sometime.”
“Thanks, it was nice to meet you, Peter.”  Peter walked off to join his buddies in the corner.  He eyed her from time to time.     
She stayed for a full hour, putting away three drinks, before she decided MIC wasn’t going to show.  She paid her tab and headed back to her car.  Foolish, she thought to herself.  She fastened her safety belt and let the smooth engine rumble to life.  She turned her head to back out when she saw the shadow of a man resting in her back seat.  
She jumped and started reaching as quickly as she could for the release to her belt.  A hand grabbed her as she fumbled for the button. She scratched at it, feeling her nails dig into soft skin.
“Calm down, I’m not here to hurt you,” a second hand forcefully grabbed her wrist.  He was still lying down in the back.
“What the fuck are you doing in my car,” she tried to jerk away but his grip held.
“I wrote the note,” his calm voice came back.
“Mic?”
“Yes,” he replied.  “I apologize for my first impression but it was necessary.  They follow you everywhere and watch to whom you speak with.  I can’t give myself away.  Please, you need to start driving.”  He slowly took his hand away and the freedom to move immediately calmed her.  She gathered her breath. 
“Where am I going,” she said.
“You can go home.”
Anna quickly got her breathing under control and cautiously pulled out of the lot and then onto the highway.  She noticed a pair of headlights following after her.  They stayed a safe distance back.  “You’re right, they are following me.”
“I told you.  You’re just an asset, Anna. Seth Delega is obsessive with his assets, he must have control over you, and at the moment, he does.”
“What do you have to do with this?”
“The Delega Group is a dangerous entity.  They are utterly ruthless.  They steal and kill and do whatever they please.  I’m here to simply warn you.”
“I haven’t seen that from them, I’ve had hunches but they haven’t done anything I’m aware of to make me consider them dangerous.”
“You will. Every snake sheds its skin from time to time.  I think you should leave or at least curb your efforts and not succeed in your task.  ”
“If you’re telling me this, then you must know what’s buried here at Oak Island.  Tell me and let me decide if I should continue.”
“We don’t know for sure but we have a guess, and if we’re correct, it should never see the light of day.”
“You’re not going to tell me, are you?”
“I cannot.”
“Then I can assume you’re not in charge either, am I correct,” Anna sensed the silence of someone without the full brunt of authority.
“You’re perceptive.  But I’m not nearly the lowest either.”
“Let me tell you what I know.  I’ve been contracted to dig Oak Island with good pay and so far, I have no reason not to complete my job.  You haven’t given me any reasons to believe you or even consider what it is you want.”
“I agree,” he said.  Anna turned onto her street and they stayed silent while she drove into the garage and let it shut behind them.  She knew she should feel somewhat afraid but that feeling had yet to show itself.  When the door closed completely she unbuckled her seat belt and flipped on the domed light.  Mic immediately sat upright.  He was a slim man with a long torso and long legs.  He looked cramped.  His eyes were beady and he had neatly placed blond hair.
“I’m sorry but I can’t do what you ask,” she said making full eye contact.
“But you can still think about what I have told you,” he replied.  “That’s all I really want.”
“In that I have no choice.  After this, I kind of have to think about it.”
“Just remember, if you do succeed, know what it is, study it, become familiar with it and ask yourself if this should be given over to Delega.  I am confident when you do, the answer will be very simple.”
Anna smiled, “that’s only if it is what you think it is, right?”
“Right,” he repeated back to her.
“You’ve said what you wanted to, now how do I get you out of here. There’s security watching this house.”
“Just go inside, I’ll find my way out.”
“I wouldn’t contact me again until you have something of substance to explain.  Or I’ll see to it Delega security knows about you.”  He nodded his head but stayed silent.
They exited the car and Anna made her way to the step that led from inside the garage to the house.  Mic stood next to the rear door that led into the back yard.  He opened it and took a step out.
“I’m locking that behind you Mic,” she said.
“I would expect nothing less.  One last thing, my name isn’t Mic, its Malcolm.  Malcolm Ian Cooper.  Good night Anna.”  He took a step into the shadows and was gone.  Anna locked the door behind him.     
Chapter 5
Nova Scotia, April 2012




Halifax, Nova Scotia was cold, even in Spring.  The moment Rock stepped outside at the airport he felt like packing up and heading right back to Miami.  He avoided any place he couldn’t be comfortable in shorts and a t-shirt.  He looked across the parking lot for his rental car, searching through a thick fog that hung near eye level.  He finally spotted it resting on the opposite side against a grey wall hardly distinct from haze around it.  He tightened his light, windbreaker jacket around him and jogged to the car.  Sayla trailed after him, her eye still slightly colored from the incident with Michael Cooper a full two weeks past.  She convinced him to let her come along.  Truthfully, it wasn’t a hard sell.  He didn’t want her sitting alone in Miami coming up with badly timed ideas, especially by someone her age.
“Anna’s going to be so surprised to see you,” Sayla said as she sat in the passenger seat, buckling her safety belt.  Rock pretended not to hear and immediately turned the heater on full blast.  A shot of freezing air burst through the vent and he cursed, swinging the opening in a different direction.
“The car has to warm up first,” Sayla shrugged.
“I know,” he said.  “And I don’t think surprised is exactly what Anna is going to be.”  He never called his ex-wife to let her know they were coming.  What he had to tell her would be better dealt with in person.  If he even got that far.  Anna hated surprises.
They drove towards Western Shore and their final destination, the Oak Island Resort.  Rock had secured two rooms for the week.  Hopefully, it would be enough time to find Anna, tell her what she needed to know and then leave.  He wanted nothing more to do with this job.  “What do you think she’s done so far?” Sayla asked, grinning ear to ear.  She obviously had other thoughts in mind.
“My guess is, not much.  She’s only been there twenty days and the ground might still be hard from the winter.  Anna is usually conservative in approach so by this time she’ll have started all the sampling, scouting, and mapping.  That’s about all though.  She’ll probably be having meetings about this time.  Anna loves meetings.”  
A little under an hour later, they arrived at the resort.  It was gorgeous.  It sat on the coastline nestled against the Atlantic Ocean.  The building was of good size but held the atmosphere of a quiet little bed and breakfast.  Sayla pointed to the street sign as they pulled in.  “36 Treasure Drive,” she said with delight.
“Clever,” Rock replied.
The interior of the place, however, was grandiose, lending to the experience of those who came to view the legendary treasure site.  Oak Island Tours had been running viewings the past few decades, giving up on the actual discovery of the proposed treasure and instead turning a profit on its historical significance.  Rock found that ironic, a site that produced no treasure probably making one on the idea that a mysterious treasure exists.  But he enjoyed finding those self-fulfilling prophesy.  They intrigued him.
Their rooms overlooked the harbor and were positioned one right next to the other.  The famous fog of Nova Scotia he had read about before arriving, deepened over the water.  He couldn’t see much past the shoreline and as such, had no view of the legendary island.  But it was out there, he knew, and not too far away.
Rock began unpacking, letting his mind wonder at the problems of Oak Island.  Despite what Michael Cooper had said, he believed nobody was sure what lay below the ground, if anything.  In his mind, the most likely ending was that nothing would ever be uncovered.  And if the previous failures were the result of sabotage, it was ill aimed for a treasure that didn’t exist.  He had come to the conclusion that the stories had no real accurate basis of documentation.  Even the supposed cryptic stone that was deciphered to read, “below, two million pounds are buried,” written in some form of code, had been lost with time.  But even if that stone did exist, it was the last ditch effort of some man’s failure to gain a semblance of famous stature.  It was planted, much like everything else here, he knew.  People wanted to have something to talk about and they desperately wanted to believe.  They wanted to be the person that found something.  But in truth, nobody had.
That’s exactly what he was going to get across to Anna.  Hopefully he could convince her to ditch this before Delega or Michael Cooper claimed something against her.  Michael already proved his violent streak with Sayla.  Rock didn’t expect the Delega Group to be much different.  
He hung up the last of his few shirts and flopped down on the bed.  He felt saddened at the thought of pulling out of this when he had a chance to become part of it.  He sighed as two knocks sounded on his door.  “Rock, get up, let’s go.”  He was beginning to regret bringing her already.  
“Go away Imp,” he called back to her.  “I need a nap first.”
She knocked again, “you can nap later,” she said with a muffled voice.  “It’s almost the afternoon, who knows when they leave the site.”  
Rock agreed though didn’t feel much like moving.  He finally mustered the energy and opened the door.  Sayla punched him in the gut.  “I am not an imp,” she nodded and started walking down the hall towards the elevators. 
They could have walked to Oak Island being that the resort lay just across the bay but Rock thought it was too cold.  So they drove.  The fog was thinning as mid-day approached but dense clouds hovered over the coast blocking any warmth the sun tried to give this place. He turned onto the well-known land link to the island, the causeway, and was shocked to see a heavily built gate and two booths accompanied by three separate guards.  
He pulled to a slow stop just in front of the gate.  One of the guards approached his window.  Rock casually rolled it down.  The guard peered inside.  He had slicked back hair that was thinning and dark glasses.  His build was less than natural with an upper body far more built than what his limbs told of.  It looked like he wore body armor underneath his uniform. “ID badge,” the guard said.
“No ID badge,” Rock replied.
“Then please back out, this is private property and I cannot let you on site without a the proper clearance.”
“I see.  Well Anna Riley is my ex-wife and I need to see her, I was invited.”
“I can’t let you pass until you’re cleared.”
“I have a feeling she’ll clear me.”    
The guard shook his head, “there’s not much I can do sir.  You have to turn around.”
“I have an idea.  How about you tell her I’m waiting here.”
“She’s not to be bothered, you can contact her by phone tonight and she can arrange your entrance tomorrow.  Here’s her office number.”  The guard handed Rock a slip of paper.
“Why would I need an office number if I have her cell phone?”  Rock looked over at Sayla, “just call her.”  Sayla quickly dialed the number and Rock grabbed the pink phone from her hand.  It rang twice before Anna answered.
“Hello Sayla,” she said.
“No Anna, sorry, no gossip today, its just me.”
“Oh, what do you want?”
“I need to speak with you regarding Oak Island.”
“Now’s not the time Rock, I’ll call you when I end my day.”
“Well, could you at least tell the guards to let us in after you hang up, I want to check out the island.”  In the moment of silence that followed, Rock almost laughed.
“You’re not serious.”
“You have it tight as a drum around here.  I guess we’re in need of some sort of badge.”
“You don’t even call, you just show up.  I should have figured this was coming.”
“Well, are you going to let us in?”
“Hang tight, I’ll get you in.”  Anna hung up.
Rock looked back to the guard, “she told us to hang tight.”  The guard looked irritated.
It took five minutes and a car rolled up on the other side of the gate.  A young man jumped out and approached them.  Rock recognized Nate immediately.  His shaggy brown hair and unkempt style were a dead giveaway.  He shuffled through the gate and jogged up to Rock and Sayla.  Nate leaned in the open window, his hair fell in and he had to whip it back.
“Hey Rock,” Nate said.
“Hi Nate, I suppose Anna is too important to do such a menial job as to let us in.”
“No, she was coming but I told her I’d do it.”
“Whatever works.”  Rock liked Nate.  The young man was a nerdy computer genius and a whiz at research.  But more importantly he never seemed high strung or stressed out and his laid back approach usually balanced out Anna quite well.
Nate handed over two badges.  They read ‘single day visitor.’  Rock grabbed them.  “A whole day.  Woo hoo.”
Nate smiled.  “Just for today, we’ll get you cleared for however long you plan on staying.  Follow me when you get through the gate.”  
When Nate left, the guard came up to the window once again.  “Let me see the badges,” Rock held them up.  He scanned them into a small pocket computer.  “You can’t use these tomorrow, the codes won’t be any good.”
“Is that what it means by one day pass,” Rock asked.
“That’s what it means.”  He still looked irritated.  
The gate opened and Rock drove through and followed Nate on a small rode that led towards the back of the island.  They parked in a dirt lot.  Off in the distance he viewed dozens of pieces of heavy machinery.  There were numerous excavators, wheel loaders, lifts, dozers, trenchers and others he’d never seen before.  They sat silently at the moment.
Nate approached them as Rock looked around adding up the amount of money already invested.  The boy stopped next to them.  “Does Anna really think she’s going need all this?” 
“I don’t think so, but Delega said that in this task, time was incredibly more valuable than money.  So Anna decided to bring in everything she’d ever need, whether she’d use it or not.  She didn’t want to have to wait on any piece of equipment if indeed its use was required.”
“If money is no object,” Rock shrugged.  “I don’t think you two have met.  Nate, this is my apprentice Sayla.  Sayla, this is Anna’s assistant Nate.”  
They shook hands.  They were about the same age. Nate was perhaps just a year or two older.  Rock considered Sayla about an eight for a girl and Nate a seven for a guy, in looks.  Their personalities would mesh perfectly.  He should probably try and keep them separated.
“So he’s an assistant and I’m just an apprentice,” Sayla said casually as they walked. 
“Nate is more valuable than you,” he replied. 
“How do I become an assistant?”
“Go work for someone else.  I don’t have assistants.  I have apprentice and when I think they are ready to be on their own, I fire them.”  They quickly came to a building standing in the middle of nowhere.  It rested on top of the ground instead of being built into it.  It was quite an impressive home base of operations for actually being at the location.   
They followed Nate inside and walked down a plain hallway.  On one side were a plethora of small offices and on the other a glass window gave a view of an elaborate laboratory.  Banks of computers sat in rows hooked up to various machines.  Most remained turned off, like the equipment outside, waiting to see if their services would be required.  A few people sat around one of the monitors talking, but Rock couldn’t hear what was being said.  
Nate turned the corner and then immediately opened the door on the right.  He held it open as Rock and Sayla slid past.  The room was large. An oval table rested in the middle with a dozen chairs around it but only the far side was occupied.  Five people gathered around that end while Anna stood in front of them, scratching on a white board.  Beyond the group lay a couple computer bays and a small kitchen unit.  On the wall nearest to them were two pictures.  One was the most well known diagram of the Oak Island money-pit, though there was nothing but word of mouth to believe the knowledge.  The other was a copy of a map that looked like the island, with a big ‘x’ marked on it and some various symbols.  Rock had never seen it before.  He moved closer and saw it was signed by someone and there were weird symbols written across the top.  It looked authentic.  He wondered if the code had been deciphered yet. 
“Told you, meetings,” Rock said softly so only Sayla could hear him.  He then smiled at Anna as she strode forward to greet them. 
“Rock,” she said pleasantly.
“Anna.”
“It’s good to see you,” she hugged him lightly and backed off.
“It’s good to see you too, you look wonderful.”  He always had thought she looked best when she was working.  The old dusted brown pants and un-tucked long sleeved white shirt somehow flattered her.  
“Thank you.  And this must be Sayla,” she stepped past him.  “It’s good to finally meet you in person.” 
“It’s good to meet you too, though I feel kind of weird since we’ve known each other for awhile.”  Sayla said.  Anna winked at her.
“I knew she’d be pretty,” Anna whispered to Rock and then started back towards the front.  Rock sighed.  “Everybody, this is Rock Tilton,” she said addressing the group.  “He is probably one of the best in the world at locating lost ruins and archaeological sites.  Historically, he’s a library of information.  I think he can be of use to us.  I’ve been witness to his different way of thinking and his ideas should be heard out.”  She went on to introduce to him the other people in the room.  Rock was uninterested but listened.
Jen Berent, an expert in construction and structural engineering looked like a man.  Haden Green, also specialized in engineering, structural and mining.  He came off as arrogant and Rock knew he would be difficult to deal with.  David Bennington was Anna’s old friend, a physics and mathematics professor.  He was damn near perfect with equations but there wasn’t a creative bone in his body.  He probably had sex using a compass and protractor.  Bart Kessler was her foreman, his belly sat upon the table begging to be deflated.  Then finally, Ray Drexler was an architect.  Why an architect, he didn’t know.  Rock was stunned at the amount of brainpower in the room and appalled at the idea they had to work together.  He silently congratulated himself for staying out of this.  He would never fit in here.
When Anna was finished, Rock addressed the room.  “Wow,” he said.  “I look around and I don’t think I belong in this meeting.  You seem to have every angle covered from mining to math.  I just want to speak with Anna for a moment so if you don’t mind.”  He motioned to Anna to walk outside with him.  
“I’ll be right back,” she said to them.  
“You’re right, you don’t belong in here,” someone called to him as they were exiting.  
“Excuse me,” he looked back into the room.
“You don’t belong in here,” Haden Green said coming to a standing position.  His salt and pepper hair didn’t move and he shook his head from side to side. “I know you.  You’re a glorified treasure hunter, you bring nothing to the table but wasted time.”
“You’re probably correct,” Rock smiled.  “I bring nothing to this table, so I won’t even try.”  He stepped outside and closed the door.  Anna waited with an embarrassed expression.
“Sorry about that,” she said. 
“He’s probably very good at what he does, use that part of him and forget the rest.  But I don’t care about him, I’m here because I need to talk with you about ending this.”
“Ending the dig?”
“Yes.  You need to step away.”
“I can’t.  Why would you even ask me that?”
“I think you’re involved in the middle of something that could go very sour.”
“I know that much already.”
“I don’t think you know the extent of it.  I have a lot to say and I can see you’re busy, call me when you leave for the night, we’ll talk then, at your place.”
“Ok,” Anna’s eyes squinted in concern.  “So I take it you’re not here to help.”
“I’m here to help, but not with the dig.  We’ll talk tonight.”  Rock opened the door and stuck his head in.  “Sayla,” he called, “get your butt out here.”
Sayla and Nate both scurried out the door while Anna moved back inside. “What a group,” Sayla said.
“They’re all ok, except for Haden, he’s an ass,” Nate replied.
“As long as the ass does what he’s here to do.”  Rock said.  “If he pulls his weight then let him talk all he wants.  What’s Anna got you doing now?” 
“Nothing.”
“Wanna show us around?”
“Sure.  What do you want to see first?”
“The money pit,” Sayla said quickly.
Rock took a moment before answering.  “You know, I think I’d rather see a convincing 18th century artificial beach.”

Chapter 6
Nova Scotia, April 2012




“I am not going to quit this,” Anna bluntly started the conversation.  Rock had arrived at her place a few minutes ago and now sat across from her in the living room.
“I didn’t think you would.  But I have to tell you a few things and it seemed in person would be the best way.”
“I’m listening.”
Rock leaned forward.  “I was approached by a man in Miami.  He told me you were in over your head.”
“Did he say anything else?”
“That the man you work for, Delega is it?”  She nodded. “That he is a less than a desirable person.  He told me that if you succeed in finding whatever is here to find, then Delega would have you disposed of.”
“As in killed?”
“That was more or less what he implied.”  She checked his face for lies.  Rock’s nostrils flared when he was being less than honest.  It was something she had picked up during their brief six-year marriage.  She didn’t see that now.  
“What was his reasoning?”
“He didn’t have any, other than he said he used to work for the Delega Group. I didn’t believe him but I suppose it could be true.  He said his client didn’t want anything found and it would benefit everyone if nothing was all that came from this.” Rock shrugged.
“That’s it,” Anna figured there was more.  She knew Rock had found himself in worse situations and didn’t balk at this type of threat.
“I thought so, but then he gave me a proposition.  He wanted me to sabotage your effort, for money.”
“Isn’t that taking it a little far?”
“He wanted me to mess up your readings, break the equipment, anything to stall you efforts.  He tried to convince me this was in your best interest and then promised cash at the end.  Oh, and he led me to believe that the past efforts, here on Oak Island, were all failures due to some form of sabotage.”
“What else,” she pushed.
“Well, I told him no, of course.  Then, once out of the meeting I had Sayla follow him so I could try to find out who exactly this guy was.  I didn’t want anyone messing with you.”  
“How sweet.”
“Not really.  They beat her up, if you noticed she still has a small bruise around her eye and that was weeks ago.”
“You shouldn’t be involving her in something like that.”
“I know,” he said quickly.  “Then they pulled a gun on me, held it to my chest and told me to stay out of it.”
Anna sat forward. “Are you ok?”  
“They didn’t fire if that’s what you’re asking.”
“Not funny, Rock.”
“I’m fine,” he said.  “I just don’t want anything more to do with this, and I don’t think you should either.  You’re in the middle of two rich snobs, and now they’ve proven to be violent.  That’s not a good spot to find yourself.”
“No it isn’t,” she admitted.
“So you think whoever they are, will come to Nova Scotia?”
“Yes, I do.”
“They might already be here. Someone left me vague notes about Delega in my room.  They climbed in through the window.”  
“Do you know who left them?”
“I do now,” she answered hesitantly.  “I met with him a couple nights back.”
“Alone?”
“I know it wasn’t smart.”
“Yeah, it was downright stupid!” 
“And having Sayla following this guy wasn’t,” she shot back.
“Well who is he?”  Rock asked in a softer tone, seeming to concede her point.
“His name is Malcolm Cooper and he told me pretty much what you were told.”  
Across from her, Rock smiled.  “Malcolm Cooper,” he repeated back.
“Do you know him?”  Rock slowly shook his head from side to side.
“No, not Malcolm, I know Michael Cooper.   He’s the guy in Miami.  Tall, blonde, squinty eyes.”
“Yeah that sounds like Malcolm.  Could they be the same guy?”
“Could be, or brothers.”  Rock fell silent and she could see him thinking.  “So where does this leave us?” 
“I’m going to continue working.”
“You’re not even worried.  There will always be other digs and those will be without any threat to you.”
“I’m fine,” she stated to him again.  “Nothing’s going to happen to me.  I am surrounded by security at all times.  There’s even security watching the house.  Besides, we start all facets of the operation tomorrow.”
Rock jumped on the change in subject.  “You’re digging this quickly, that’s not like you.”
“We’re going to start drilling and digging in three spots surrounding the money pit and we’re beginning the construction of two dams, one in Smith’s cove and the other in Toudrey’s cove.”
“Wow.  Damming the cove will be difficult.” 
“That’s not my priority.  Previous analysis of the soil and geology coincides with the analysis we have done up until this point.  That specifically means the flooding of the holes is a natural process that seeps in from the anhydrite below, which makes up a good portion of the geological composition.  And from our GPR, which worked amazingly, we have great 3D pictures of the entire land beneath us, and we never found any flood tunnels from either beach.  The idea that there are flood tunnels that were constructed and artificial beaches is probably a great fib told by those who failed in the first place or they just caved in over time and have been lost.”
“Then why are you damning the beaches?”
 “There’s a percentage that says we could be wrong and even fanciful stories often times have a factual basis to them, though we find no real hard evidence.  I’m saying what if we missed it,” she shrugged.  “And I’m taking no chances, if there are tunnels, I’m drying them up.”
“You’re sure the money won’t dry up first,” he smiled.
“Oh, pretty sure,” she returned his smile.
“So how are you dealing with the water?”
“We’re going to freeze it.  There was talk before of freezing all the ground and then extracting it in previous ideas in the past decade but that’s going too far.  We only need to freeze the portions of the ground where the water is entering and then drill into and freeze the anhydrite.  Keeping the small caverns in the anhydrite frozen is the key.”
“Interesting.  And what if that doesn’t work?”
“We will also have plenty of the most advanced pumps here to get rid of whatever seeps through.  We are enlarging all the dig holes and not stopping until we reach the bottom.  The holes are all being reinforced with steel studs.  We have details of the entire ground, and we actually know where we are going.  There are five places of interest, and we only need to open them up for a small period of time and nab what is there, if anything.”
“That’s just it Anna.  There’s nothing there.” 
“You don’t know that and anyway that’s what I’m being paid to find out.”
“The money pit’s own creation is illogical.”
“Illogical but still lucrative, for me at least.”
“Money’s not worth...” 
She held up her hand before he continued. “I know what you have to say, you’ve said it,” She shook her head trying to ease the tension.  Rock stood up.  He wasn’t making eye contact any longer.
“Ok then.  I guess I should go.  Be careful,” he said with his back to her.
“I will.  And Rock.”  She paused until he turned around.  “Is there any possible way to get you to come on board?  Help us out.  I could use your input.”
“I don’t think so. I’ll be around for another few days but then I’ll head back to Miami.  I want no part of this.  There’s nothing down that hole, and even if there is, you’d never get a look at it.  Even if you find it, it’s a paycheck, nothing exciting.”
“What do you mean?” 
“If there’s something actually down there, which I doubt.  When you pull it up, Delega security will confiscate it immediately.  You won’t even see it.  Good night Anna.” 
“Good night, Rock,” she returned.
 “Actually, one last thing, could you do me a small favor.”
“Sure.”
“Nate’s good at research, right?”
“The best.”
“See what he can find out about a solid gold ring with a flower engraved on the top, maybe a rose.  Or a group that wears them.  Some form of secret society, cult, corporate group, anything.  I have a curiosity.”
She nodded, “yeah, I’ll get him on that in his spare time.”
“Thanks.  It was good to see you.”  He opened the door and left.
Anna put down the report.  She picked up her legal pad and quickly scribbled, ‘gold ring, engraved flower, rose.’  Tomorrow she would make that Nate’s first priority.  Malcolm Cooper, she recalled, wore that very same ring. 
Chapter 7
Nova Scotia, April 2012




Rock dug his bare feet into the cool sand and looked out over Smith’s cove on the Southeastern tip of Oak Island.  The morning sun rose before him, hanging in the distance.  It’s diffused light, soft and gentle, fought steadily against a blanket of fog.  It would win eventually, but not without stiff resistance. He strolled around the shoreline, looking closely at the so-called artificial terrain.  Anna’s analysis pointed to the absence of flood tunnels, but the history of the site and the other digs previous to her own told of the creation of artificial beaches and the presence of the so-called tunnels.  There wasn’t much left of the original material and Rock could only rely upon what the evidence said now versus the accounts of the people who arrived here first.  If it was a falsity, then it was a creative lie, or just a misinterpretation of natural occurrences.  But even though he couldn’t find anything to substantiate the claim, he couldn’t discount the testimony due to the immense amount of activity over the history of the area.  
The beach was claimed to have five separate drainage systems, described as fingers.  These were lined with rocks and made channels that converged to one main tunnel that eventually hit the money pit 500 feet away at the depth of around 100 feet.  Their purpose was to fill the pit with water whenever that depth was reached and stymie any effort to dig further into the ground.  If they existed, then they worked to perfection.
The channels were covered with material, including eelgrass and coconut fibers that would filter out anything but water.  In this way, sediment wouldn’t find its way into the tunnels to build and block the free flow of the water.  In one of the past attempts in the mid 1800’s by the Truro Company, a dam was built around the beach to try and stop the water.  There is a claim to have uncovered the remains of an older dam at the same time.  But nothing is certain, he knew, and it could just be these facts were added to the story to make it more plausible or more fantastical, like a glorified game of telephone.  The facts of today didn’t support it, but he also knew that most historical testimony was grounded in some form of truth. 
When Rock emerged from his thoughts, he noticed numerous construction crews starting to show up for the day and the heavy machine begin its grind.  The dam at Smith’s cove was already underway and Anna planned to have it done within only a single month.  It hadn’t extended into the water yet, but he could see the materials for the foundation laid out along the shore.  
They were ruining this beautiful piece of land.  He shook his head in disgust, slipped his sandals back on and left the cove behind.
Rock arrived back at the hotel and started packing, doing his best to purge Oak Island from his mind.  Then a strong knock sounded at his door. He opened it to find a dark haired man staring back at him.  He wore a black suit and waited patiently.  His eyes were alert and Rock could tell this was a man in a position of power.
“Can I help you?” 
“I think we need to talk, Mr. Tilton.”
“About what exactly, Delega, I assume.”  Rock knew this was the man Anna worked for. It was her exact description of the stiff executive.  
He kept his features even and unaffected.  “May I come in?”  Rock moved out of the way and let him enter the room.  “Rock.  May I call you by your first name?”
“Sure.” 
“First off, I would like to ask you to stop spreading rumors about myself and my associates, whom you have no basis for even pretending to know.  Especially to our temporary employee Anna Riley.”
“By rumors you mean the assumption that you are violent and will dispose of her at the end of this.”
“Yes.”
 “I guess we should choose a different venue when we’re having our discussions.  A house you own might not be the most private of places.”
“I don’t mean to pry, I just need to know what’s going on at all times.  This Michael Cooper and Malcolm Cooper, I will need to know where to find them.”
“Why?”
“So I can see why they are developing such ideas about us.”
“I don’t know either of them and cannot help you there.  And truthfully, I see you as being dressed in the same colors as they are.  No different until I’m proven otherwise.  But you no longer have to worry about me, I’m leaving today, I won’t bother your employee any longer.”
“Very well.”
“I’m surprised you cannot find the Cooper’s on your own, you seem to have impressive resources.” 
“We’re not the only ones with such abilities, I’m afraid.”
“Can I ask you something?”
“I cannot promise I will be able to answer, but you may ask.”
“What do you think you are searching for?”
Seth seemed to mull over what he wanted to say but Rock wasn’t expecting an answer.  “I won’t say.  Yet.”  Rock thought about the last word as the man continued.  “I have an offer for you?”  
“I want nothing to do with your company.”
“I’d like you to work on another project of mine.”
“Forget it.  I don’t want your money.”
“You do not even want to hear me out? What can it hurt?”
Rock checked his watch, three more hours before they had to be at the airport. It wouldn’t hurt to listen.  “Ok, shoot.”
“We have a map, actually two that we have recently purchased at a very high price point.  One marks Oak Island, I believe you have seen a copy in the conference room.”  Rock nodded.  “The other marks a spot that we have been unable to make any progress on.  I would like to make you the head of this second project.”
“Do you have this piece of history with you?”
“Yes, I have the original,” he said taking out a rolled parchment and opening it.  Rock leaned in.  The map looked authentic, with an indiscriminate mass of land, strange symbols and a small ‘x’ near the southern shore.  That wasn’t going to tell him anything, he knew.  There was a date and signature in the lower right corner.  He picked up the map and held it up to the light.   
“Who signed it,” he asked unable to clearly read the signature.
“A Captain Robert Ryder, the same signature as the one on the Oak Island map, and these are similar symbols to the other map as well.”
“Know anything about him?”
“A little.”
“Have you broken the code?”
“We cannot.”
“I don’t know what you hope I can do with this.  I have a hundred maps with this amount of information on them.  It’s a dead end.  Unless you have more about this Robert Ryder, there’s no place to start.”
“We know some.  For one thing, we know he sailed with Captain Kidd.”  That statement caught Rock’s interest though he tried not to show it.  
“You think this map leads to his lost treasure.”
“We don’t know enough to say.”
Rock found himself interested, but not in the map.  He was more concerned with the history of Robert Ryder.  Suddenly he realized how Anna had dug in as deep as she had. “Is that all?”
Seth took a deep breath.  “There’s one more thing.  The map that clearly marks Oak Island also came with a journal.  The author was one of the crewmen who helped construct the original pit.  He didn’t know what was being hidden but his notes did say it was being paid for and organized by Captain Robert Ryder.”
 “How authentic is this journal?”
“It’s dated to the right time, its entries are consistent with the spoken words of the day and the man can be traced back through family generations.  Coincidentally he became wealthy not long after the entries regarding this island.”  
Rock started putting it all together.  “You don’t think there’s much buried here either do you Delega. You think all that is coming from this dig at Oak Island is a small cipher for this map here.”  He pointed to the map on his table.  “Once that code is broken, you’ll be able to find where that land mass is and you’ll have Captain Kidd’s famed treasure.”  
Seth started clapping his hands.  “You are impressive Mr. Tilton.”
“And you’re full of shit,” Rock snapped back.  He grabbed the map and crumpled it up.  He aimed for the wastebasket and shot the wad to land inside.  “He shoots, he scores!”  Rock started dancing around the room with his hands in the air.
“What are you doing!”
Rock ignored the outburst.  “If that’s all this is, you wouldn’t have so much security.  You wouldn’t be on such a fast timetable.  You wouldn’t have enemies waving guns at me, a person who has nothing to do with this other than a connection to Anna. And you wouldn’t be here now.  There’s something else you think is here on Oak Island, and I’m betting its some form of knowledge.  That is truly the only thing worth protecting as much as everyone is protecting this.”  When Rock finished, Seth Delega stood in silence though his mouth was slightly parted.  “Oh and when you try to fake a map, bring a copy instead and tell me the original is too fragile.  But if you must know, your first mistake was you dated it, which is a dead give away as most important maps from that time don’t contain dates.  Secondly the paper you used to pass off as original is much too even, there aren’t even reproduced chain lines.  Paper prior to 1800 is all hand woven and what’s in the garbage is clearly machine made.  The paper is also much lighter than paper back in the day.  Prove me wrong and take it out of the garbage.”  He stared at Seth Delega knowing the only reason for this visit was to find a way to get Rock to stay and help Anna out.
“I must say Mr. Tilton, you have some fanciful ideas but good perceptions.”
“I know.” 
“Well, I guess that ends our time here, I must be going.  Please feel free to stay as long as you wish.  If you change your mind, please contact me.  If you need a place to stay, that can be arranged through Anna.  I do hope you understand I am no threat to anybody and I protect my employees in an appropriate manner.  I do want to acquire your services despite what you may think about us.  Good day Mr. Tilton.”
“Good day,” Rock said as the man exited.
He put it together quickly.  All the man wanted from Rock was help, right here at Oak Island.  He saw past the cool demeanor to the nervous little man beneath, and being nervous, in his position in life, came from one thing.  He was behind schedule.  Any help he could muster at this point, he’d take.  
One thing Rock did want to do was study the other map in more detail.  It hung in a glass case in the conference room.  It marked Oak Island clearly, and it was the only real thing that lent the treasure any sort of credibility. 
Once again, a knock sounded at his door, this one softer.  Rock opened it up half expecting to see Delega waiting with another piece of information but Sayla stood in the dim hallway rubbing her eyes.  “I thought I heard you talking,” she said.
“I was.”
“You need to stop that, people are going to start thinking you’re psycho.”
“I wasn’t talking to myself.  Mr. Delega stopped by to have a chat.”
It didn’t look like the information sank in.  Sayla responded with a simple nod.  “Ok, well we better get moving, wanna grab a bite before we get to the airport?”
“Not yet, I’ve decided we’re going to stay a bit longer.”
Sayla’s eyes opened wide and a big smile spread across her face.  She shot forward and hugged him, “I knew it,” she said.  “That’s awesome, I knew you wouldn’t leave Anna, you still want her.”  She backed off timidly as Rock rolled his eyes to the comment.  Sayla leaned to the side and called into her room, “did you hear that, we’re staying.”  
Rock pushed her away, “that better not be,” he walked by her and looked in.  Nate sat on the edge of her bed wrapped in a sheet.
The boy waved. “Hey Rock, that’s awesome,” he said displaying a thumbs up.
Rock turned around shaking his head.  He made his way past Sayla and into his room.  He shut the door on her and leaned against the wall, “Anna’s going to kill me,” he said to himself.  “Nate’s not going to be worth shit now.”
Chapter 8
Nova Scotia, May 2012




Anna silently took roll to make sure everyone had arrived for the morning briefing.  As usual, Rock was missing. Ever since he decided to stay, he’d hung around and offered her ideas but would never adhered to these meetings, or to anything anyone asked of him.  He wasn’t on the payroll though.  He stubbornly refused any money and just as he wanted all along, he was on the island at nobody’s beck and call but his own.
She checked her watch. “We’ve been at this for well over a month,” she started, looking out over the room.  “And our progress is moving extremely well.  The shafts being expanded and reinforced at the money pit, borehole x-10 and our new sites Delega one, two and three are already more stable and deeper than what we thought they would be at this point.”
The new sites were areas of interest driven by the results of the GPR scans.  These were places that looked to have remnants of human activity at deep intervals and metallic substances worth investigating.  They were located not far from the money pit at intervals of ten, twenty-two and thirty six yards, along a straight line leading towards the supposed site of one of the more famous landmarks, Oak Island’s stone triangle.
The man-made equilateral triangle was discovered around 1900 on a survey mission and rested 230 feet south of the money pit.  It was composed of half buried boulders and measured almost ten feet per side.  It had a bisecting line that pointed due North, whereas the arrow end pointed directly to the money pit itself.  There was also a rounded edge that connected two of the points to show which end formed the triangle base.  The piece itself was the focal point of many interpretations on how and where to find the legendary treasure.  The triangle was also included in many other crazy theories including one involving a Mayan temple site on Oak Island and another linking the site to similar formations on Mars.  But there was no concrete evidence other than drawings and documents to support its actual orientation.  The individual stones had been looted by past treasure hunters and hardly anything remained of the original formation.    
Anna took a sip of water and continued her brief overview.  “The dams, though we believe to be a non-issue are over 60% completed.  Our surveys will proceed as planned and we have added three more places of interest and we will move forward in excavating these if the previous five are found to hold nothing.  In the coming days, we’ll send down the first of many video probes into borehole x-10, with much higher resolution and quality of light than the previous video was capable of.  Dennis,” she called out to her GPR contractor.  He sat in the front studying a beat-up red notebook.  He quickly closed it at hearing his name.   “Anything else to add?”
Dennis Rehr stood up from his seat and moved with grace of a bulldog.  He wore his usual attire, blue jeans ripped at the knees, an old white t-shirt, a reds baseball cap and a full dark beard.  As head of surveying the land and in use of the GPR, he always had new information to provide.  
He grunted and cleared his throat.  “We’ve been able to penetrate deeper into the money pit using the gpr but its very wet down there as we all know, we’re also using some sonar at this point.  We’ve discovered in the shaft itself that there are natural layers of clay, packed tightly together as well as natural limestone layers.  There’s some brick and cement and pieces of other metals including iron, brass and stuff we can’t be sure about.  After the limestone is an open area, probably a cavern, and then we encounter even more natural rock at the bottom.  In our scans we’ve found enough information to conclude that someone dug that deep at some point.  Not everything down there is natural.”  That statement received a murmur from the group.  Dennis appeared not to notice.  “We’ve located most of the anhydrite zones and where the water will push through the fastest.  It should be fairly simple to take care of these places, pump out the existing water and have somewhat dry conditions at all locations.”  He lumbered back to his seat and sat down.
“Everything down there is probably a result of the previous miners dropping stuff into the mine on accident or on purpose.  Nothing is as certain as you make it out to be, ” Haden Green said playing the part of the pessimist.  “It could just be one of the many natural sinkholes around here that happened to take this stuff down with it.  At least we’re getting paid if nothing else.”
Dennis answered him calmly.  “Actually the cavern would be a perfect place to put something.  It would remain safe from any elements and protected even from the water flowing around it, a natural tomb.”
“But how would the original makers be able to get into the cavern, there is no possibility using their technology to do such a thing.  The water would have overwhelmed them as it did with everyone else after them.  They never would have made it that far.”
“Good point,” Katie Feeran, a professor of geology at the University of Madison, interjected from her seat near the back of the room.  Anna had brought her in only a few days ago.  She was a homely looking woman in her mid-thirties.  She had close-cropped dirty blond hair and thick glasses.  “But it may have been plausible.  See, the way the water is coming in is from built up pressure, pushing it through the tiny, and I mean tiny fissures in the anhydrite.  When this was first dug, the ground itself kept the pressure stabilized but as it was taken away the water was able to push through.  But only very slowly, much slower than it gushes in today.”
“And why is that,” Haden asked.
“Because the small fissures in the anhydrite hold water, if its there.  But, when water is forced through them, like anything water is forced through, when it remains constant, it will eat away the walls and the fissures will grow in size letting that much more water through.  So every time this place was bailed or pumped, the water kept trying to equalize the pressure and kept enlarging the anhydrite caverns.  I’m guessing the original amount of seepage would have been minimal and a few people with buckets and the ability to create tunnels and wells could have handled it.  But after all these years of digging, the water is more like a fire hose than a trickle.  That appears to be the real trap.”
Haden turned away without saying a word.  Anna was suddenly very happy about bringing Katie aboard though she was already privy to that particular fact about the anhydrite.   “Dennis,” Anna said.  “Tell them about the cavern.”
Dennis looked annoyed but stood up once again.  “Well, the original designers would have had no way to know about the limestone and as a result when they hit it, they would have stopped completely or gone another route.  But what we found is that there is actually an easy path around the limestone that leads directly into the cavern, from the bottom.”
Anna jumped in, “once we freeze the anhydrite, we’ll drill through the natural limestone from above and be into the cavern.  Ok, everyone back to where you belong, we’ll do this again on Friday to see where we are.”  
The room emptied quickly and Anna found herself alone with Nate.  He had been sitting in the corner taking notes.  “What happens next Friday?”
“Friday we talk about Thursday,” she said.  “And on Thursday, we’re putting down the first pipes to freeze the anhydrite in the money pit.  Also on Thursday we’re sending our first video feed down into borehole x-10.  The drilling should be completed by then.”
“You’re way ahead of the timeline.” 
“I know,” she replied grinning.  “It’s amazing what you can do with the right equipment and resources.”
“And incentive,” Nate chimed in.
“And incentive,” she repeated not forgetting the quarter million dollar bonus for completing her task by the fall.  “Have you made any more progress on locating some of the original artifacts brought up by the previous treasure hunters?”  
“Not really.  Some of the previous owners have a few of the items but they’re not talking to me.  We have pictures on the net of some of the trinkets found, including the fragment of parchment stuck on one of the previous expeditions drill heads, but that can only be used for speculative purposes, nothing of value to us.  As for the things such as the coded stone, it’s gone from the world.  Nobody has any information on it.” 
The coded stone was something she had hoped could be tracked down.  It was brought up from the pit at the 90-foot level, chiseled with symbols and thought be have originated in Egypt. It was recorded and then translated by a language professor in the mid 19th century.  When the code was broken, it supposedly read, ‘forty feet below two million pounds are buried.’
Anna grimaced as harsh laughter came from the doorway. Rock strolled in looking dapper.  He wore khaki pants, a blue polo shirt and new white tennis shoes.  He was even neatly shaven, which was a rare sight.  “I looked at the code on that supposed stone,” he chided, “it’s the biggest pile of crap I’ve ever seen.  That code could have been broken by an eight year old in an hour.  Nobody with sophistication enough to build out this place would include a simplistic code such as that.”
“So you don’t think it ever existed,” she said.
“Oh it existed,” he said, “just made by some fool with no education trying to raise money for himself so he could pretend to dig once a week instead of working a real job.  That’s what most of this is,” he said.  “Just a way for people to grab some rich people or corporation’s money so they can hang out on this island, do a little something to make it look plausible and then not work.  It’s the ultimate scheme, like multi-level marketing.  Hey give me money to dig up this treasure that’s not even here, and I’ll give you just enough results to keep the money coming.  I mean Roosevelt even got duped.”
“I think you’re wrong,” Anna said.  “You should be here for some of the reports.  There’s brick and cement down there, as well as hundreds of metals of all types and a hollow cavern of limestone.  That doesn’t intrigue you in the least.”
“Oh it intrigues me.  This whole place does.  But, I don’t believe for a single moment, the items found in the historical logs, the dating techniques of others or the codes found by anybody previous to you.  The accounts of all the people that came before are embellished.  There are some honest accounts to be sure, but which ones, we won’t be able to tell so they are all useless.  The idea of the pit defeats its own purpose and that’s why I call it a complete waste of time.  Completely.”
“You’re a wet blanket,” Nate shook his head.
“I’m a realist.” He left the room whistling.
“He’s onto something,” Anna said once he was gone.
“How do you know?”
“His tone is condescending as though he’s above us.  He’s short, and very firm with his statements.  This means he finally is starting to form a theory on this place and for us, that’s good and bad.”
“But you’ve told me he’s not always right.”
“Nope, he’s wrong a lot, but then again he’s also right a good portion of the time, so you can’t discount him.  He’ll come back when he’s ready, but he’ll be even more of an ass before that happens.”
“That’s the bad, huh.” Anna nodded.  
The next few days passed by uneventfully. She’d seen little of Nate, nothing of Sayla and Rock would appear and disappear like a ghost, popping up with some smartass comment and then leaving.  
Thursday rolled around and Anna was waiting outside borehole x-10 as the camera gear was being loaded into the small tube to be pushed all the way down to the cavern below.  She stood in front of a monitor bouncing on her toes.  Strangely, Seth Delega was absent.  
She stared at the unresponsive screen flickering between black and grey when suddenly it lit up to form blurry shapes.  She stared at the murky image. The camera pushed forward, panning in each direction shining into the depths of the cavern.  Nothing appeared at first, just bits of dirt and rock floating around.  But then something started to take shape.
“Stop,” she said to the operator.  “Go back.”  The camera panned to the left, “there, stop.” Anna squinted.  “Can you boost the light?”
We have another snake going down now, we’ll have another light in there in a moment,” the operator replied.  The second light flickered and the cavern lit up considerably more.  
Anna didn’t have to squint anymore.  There were shaped support beams spanning the chasm, arranged in uniformed distance.  They were crumbled in some areas but most of them still stood in place.  
“Look at that,” Katie said from behind her.
“Those are support beams,” Jen added, leaning in closer.  
“Support beams aren’t a significant find,” Haden said.  “But it’s interesting they’re there.”
“It proves someone was down there, at some point,” Anna said.  “And what would they be doing down there?”  She walked back to where the operator stood at a remote console.  She pointed to his screen.  “Can we zoom in over here?”  She wanted to look at the corner, near the bottom.
“Sure,” he turned a small knob and the image moved forward.  The filthy water didn’t help in trying to figure out what was natural and what was place by men.  Clouds of dirt continued to spiral around the camera.  
She had thought with the advances in video, she’d get a much better picture than what they had before.  But with the sediment clouds and the inability to get rid of all the shadows, the only real advantage was better color.  
After another two hours of waiting, two more lights and moving the camera around to various places, they were no closer to finding anything but the support beams.  There were three formations that looked to be heavy trunks or chests, another few items looked like human remains but there was nothing they could positively identify. It all rested on speculation of shapes.  
When they finished without seeing anything more, Anna wanted to scream.  She walked back to her office, her head held low and eyes cast towards the ground.  When she swung open the door, Rock was sitting in her chair.
“What do you want,” she said, not in the mood for his shit.
“How’d the video go,” he asked.
“Good and bad.  We know for sure there has been human activity down there at some point in the past.  So that’s great, it isn’t all natural phenomenon that many have claimed.  But all we saw was structure, nothing relating to any sort of items, or in your case, treasure.”
“Why do you look so down?  That’s incredible.  Structure is more than what I thought you’d find.  Think about the why.  Why go down that far?  What could they possibly want to do down there.  Two things come to mind.  Hide something or bury someone. I am surprised you’re not completely enthused.”
“I am, I guess I was just hoping for more.”
“Well, you can hope in one hand and crap in the other and…” 
“And see which one fills up first, I know.”  She cut him off.  He laughed as she finished his line.
“I think it’s a good start.”
“But not where you’d be.”
“No.”
“Wanna enlighten me,” she asked.
“Not yet hon. You know the way I do things.”  
 “Yeah, I know you.  You only ask opinions after you’ve made a decision. Now could you remove your butt from my chair?”
Rock got up.  “Most certainly.  And I might come on by tomorrow, conference room right?”
Anna nodded her head as Rock left the office.  She was starting to become annoyed with him.  “No wonder I left him,” she mumbled to herself.  She sighed and opened up her computer to begin typing her reports for tomorrow’s meeting.  
Chapter 9
Nova Scotia, May 2012



Rock walked around the island for well over an hour before he thought it was time to make his appearance.  Last night, after he left Anna in her office he came to the conclusion that the business of Oak Island needed to end as soon as possible for the safety of everyone involved. They all needed to know the truth so they could work on the problem together.  His idea would be the starting point.  
Rock strolled into the meeting just as Anna was stopping the video from the day before.  She had marked a few of the highlights and played them again for the group.  Nate turned the lights up when they were finished.
“There’s something down there,” Haden said.  “I saw only structural timbers but if those timbers are in that hole, then the money pit will hold something.  I’ve had a change of heart the more I think about it, we need to get someone down there as soon as we can.”
“I agree,” Jen Berrent said.  “With this evidence, we need to get down there sooner rather than later.”
It went around the table and the various experts voiced their approval to excavate the borehole fully, knowing that nothing but very old logs were known to exist.  Rock cleared his throat from the back.
Anna looked his way, “anything to add Rock?”
“Actually I do,” he said coming up to the front and standing next to her.  “I have a lot to say.  But basically it’s this, the whole idea of the money pit defeats its own purpose lending me to believe that there is absolutely nothing of any value to be dug up.”
“Thanks for the tip, treasure hunter,” Haden said smugly. “But I think everyone here is against you at the moment.”
Rock made eye contact with the man.  “First, I’d like to ask you Haden, and everyone in here a question.  What item from the past was hidden the best of all items?”  He looked around but nobody answered.  “The treasures we haven’t found are the same treasures we never will find.  This is because one man decided he wanted to hide something and went with a friend and buried the treasure, he then killed his friend at the spot, drew himself one map and left.  There was nobody to see him, nobody to talk and only one vague map that only he could understand.  That is the only way to truly hide something.  These treasures will never be found.”  Rock smiled at the group and started pacing in front of them as though he were giving a lecture. 
“Oak Island.  Something this elaborate and intense, especially in the 18th century would have been a great undertaking.  This is the truth no matter who was funding it, or who designed it.  This pit, it’s dams and tunnels and artificial beaches, or even just the digging in general would have taken hundreds of men and made a large commotion and footprint on this relatively small island.  Not to mention at the time, the mainland of Nova Scotia was already settled.”
“How do we find things?”  He continued.  “We find things through people, through stories, through maps.  If there was something this important to hide or keep safe, the best way to do that is to limit the amount of people that know the site and to limit the amount of exposure to the location.  The money pit’s crazy feat of engineering violates both of those rules.  Anybody smart enough to build this, would never use it to hide something they felt was worth hiding.  Too many eyes have seen the location, too many lips can spout a story after they had too much to drink, and too many of those people not involved from the shore or passing by would have seen the great amount of work being done and just waited until all was silent.  If you want to hide something, you don’t make a production out of it.”
“Then why do it at all, why have timber supports in a cave that far down,” Haden replied, “there had to be a reason.”
“Thank you Haden, great question.”  Rock said sarcastically making it seem as though Haden were leading him in his lesson.  “That’s exactly what has puzzled me for so long.  Why?  Why build it?  Well, if you hide something, you either want to retrieve it yourself at some point or have somebody else retrieve it.  If not, you would destroy it.  And, usually if you need to retrieve it, it needs to be done quickly.  To retrieve something buried here would take a great deal of time and once again too many eyes and lips to be done effectively.  On the other side, if it isn’t you who is doing the retrieving but someone in the future, it brings on the need of a map with a lively ‘x’ marks the spot.”  He pointed to the back wall where a copy of the map of Oak Island hung.  “But that complicates things even more.  Now, you not only have to worry about your crew talking, someone else seeing but also losing or having someone finding or copying your map.  For something so important, that’s an awful lot of liability.”
Rock paused to gather his thoughts.  He casually glanced up and noticed everyone was actually listening to him.  “So how do you hide your valuables on an island from somebody who knows you hid them on the island.  Simple. You give them a specific place they cannot ignore.  And poof, you have the money pit.”  Rock held out his hands to either side.  “You all, and myself up to this point, have fallen for the most elaborate decoy ever constructed.  The money pit is meant to draw our attention because we were never the ones meant to find what’s here.  Currently, we’re all digging at the wrong ‘x’.”
“You’re telling us whoever did this, constructed it and put nothing in it,” Dennis Rehr said from the side.  
“Think about it,” Rock replied.  “As long as your looking for the nothing that’s there, you won’t look for anything else somewhere else.  Nobody would have constructed this to put nothing in it you say?  But that’s exactly what this is, nothing more than a diversion.  That’s the only answer to the why that Haden pointed out.  Why build it?  Answer.  To keep you occupied, to discourage you, to eventually bleed you dry.  And what’s more impressive is that it’s still working today and at this very moment.  What’s really here, on or near this island, is something else, we just have to break a little further into the minds of who built it, to find it.”
Rock started for the door.  The room was silent.  He faced them all just before exiting, “talk through it and you’ll find it’s the only logical reason to build such a thing.  They gave those searching on the island something they couldn’t ignore, and if all the time is spent over here, whose to look over there.”  Rock motioned to Sayla and they left the room together. 
“Oh my God, that was awesome,” she said as the door shut behind them.  “It totally makes sense, how did you ever come to that?”  They walked down towards Anna’s office.
“It’s what I’ve been telling you all along, the question of ‘why’ will lead you to the truth.  But we’ll see if they all can see it.”
“So where is it?  If it’s not where they’re digging, where’s the treasure?”
“Now that is a good question.  My original thought was that the few symbols on the map in the back of the room, when decoded, would tell you where to find it. That way if the map was stolen or misplaced, the decoy of the money pit, that is clearly marked, would fool everyone. I convinced Delega to let me take it out of the case the other day.  I scoured every detail of it and it’s definitely authentic, unlike his other fake presentation to me.  But this map is very straightforward, nothing special except those unreadable symbols.  If we could make headway on those, that would be our best option. However, the ones who knew the cipher are long since lost and we have no way of decoding it.  But, whatever is here has to be fairly close by, I figure on the island.  But then again, the crazy obsession driven people around here probably would have found it by now because it makes most sense for it to be easily accessible and not buried too deeply.  And they have been digging all over this island for no reason other than to dig.  But, there’s also a chance the designers figured that in as well.  I know I sound crazy and like I’m coming from a hundred directions but that’s where my mind’s at.”
They turned into Anna’s office.  He went to her chair and sat down.  Sayla stood across from him.  Rock pulled out his phone and dialed Brett Silver.
“Hi Rock,” his friend answered immediately.
“Brett buddy, I am in need of your services.”
“I’m not going back into that jungle for anything,” he replied, “I don’t care what you pay me.”
Rock laughed.  “That’s not it.  Actually I’m in Nova Scotia, I need to dive off the coast of an island up here.”
“Canada?  The water’s too cold.”
“But I have a hunch.” 
“A solid, evidence laden hunch or a Rock Tilton gut hunch.  And when do you need me?”
“Somewhere in the middle, and as soon as possible.  I can have Sayla arrange a ticket for you tomorrow.”
“That might be a little quick,” he answered.
“Ok then, just let me know when you have a few days.”
“Will do. I gotta go, later Rock.”  Brett hung up.  Rock saw Sayla about to ask a barrage of questions.  “Not now,” he said pre-empting her speech.  Just then, Seth Delega stalked into the room with Anna on his heels.  His face was flushed an angry red.
“You do realize you put doubt into the entire group in there!  Doubt is like a disease.  You do know what happens then!”  Rock had never seen Seth Delega as he was now.  His eyes held an intensity that seemed against the man’s regular calm demeanor.
Rock leaned back in Anna’s chair, relaxed.  “Yes, I do know.  They start thinking instead of blindly following where past other groups say to go.  They might actually find something now.”
“Or they might waste more time thinking about your idiotic speech and delay an already time sensitive project.”
Anna stepped between them.  “We’re still going to follow the same course that I have already laid out.  But Rock actually pointed out an idea that might be worth investigating on the side.”
“Actually Anna, I pointed out an idea that should become the priority of the search.”
“Not everybody is as obsessed with why they built it Rock,” she said.  “They built it, maybe it was ordered built by someone who didn’t know any better, the best guess is still that if anything is on or near this island, its at the bottom of the money pit.”
“The person who built this was much smarter than anybody who has tried to dig this area.  You won’t find a thing.”
“I want you off this island,” Delega said.  “Your presence is no longer.”  Delega stopped as a deep ‘boom’ echoed in the distance.  He looked around as it came again, only louder and closer.  Then another one shook the ground beneath them.  Rock’s eyes darted to the window.  
He jumped up from his seat and pushed Anna to the ground. “Get down Sayla!” He fell to the floor just as an explosion catapulted Seth Delega to the far wall. The window shattered, flying inwards, spreading broken glass over their hunched bodies.  The ground lurched and a wave of heat and air pushed over them.  Anna’s desk flung into Rock and rammed into his side pushing him over and pinning him against the wall.  
Then everything stilled.  
Rock’s ears rung with a high-pitched squeal and his own grunts sounded muddy in his head.
He shoved aside the desk and rose to his knees.  His rubbed his abdomen, feeling a deep bruise begin to spread over the area.  Next to him, Anna was still hunched over, he brushed the glass from her back and she slowly lifted her head to look at him.  She appeared scared, but fine.  Sayla was scrambling to her feet in the corner, shaking the glass from her body and Seth Delega slumped against the wall, he blinked his eyes and Rock was relieved to see him alive.  He was bleeding from his nose and had numerous but superficial lacerations to his face.
“Everyone good?” Rock said coming to his feet and helping Anna to hers.  He stepped towards Delega and bent down.  “Seth, you ok?”
Seth Delega rubbed his nose and looked at the back of his hand.  Bright red blood smeared onto his wrist and trailed down to stain the perfectly white cuff of his shirt.  He looked around, dazed for the moment and then focused on Rock.  “I’m fine,” he muttered.
Rock turned his gaze to the door as Nate slid into the frame. “Everyone ok, Anna you ok,” the young man was frantic.  “I was out in the hall, what was that, it blew out the doors and every window.”  
“What about the conference room, is everyone ok in there,” Rock asked.
Nate held up his palms, “I don’t know.”  Two large hands took Nate by the shoulder and moved him to the side.  Jacob, Delega’s head of security filled the threshold.  A large jagged piece of glass stuck out from the side of his head sending a thick river of blood pulsing down his cheek.
“Mr. Delega, are you fine sir?”  He stepped inside and helped Seth to his feet.  
“You’re head needs to be looked at Jacob.  You should sit down and take care of that,” Rock interjected.
“I’m fine,” Jacob replied.  “But the conference room is in shambles.  I have already alerted emergency services, they should be here shortly.  We need to get back over there.”  Jacob took a step and then stumbled, catching himself on the wall.  Rock grabbed his arm.
“Let me go.  Sit down and take care of that.  Sayla, Nate, get something to put around that piece of glass, stabilize it, we don’t know how far it’s gone in.” Rock was about to leave when Seth Delega approached them.  He came to a stop in front of Jacob with rage burning in his eyes.
“You failed miserably you stupid shit,” Seth said, spitting up blood in the other man’s face.  “We’ll discuss your punishment later.”  He stumbled out the door, steadying himself on the wall with one hand.  
Rock left the group and ran towards the conference room.  Glass shards littered the floor and crunched under his weight like small cornels of popcorn.  When he arrived he stopped and stared in shock at the destruction.  The far wall was completely blown in.  Various personnel were running in and out, and Rock saw a few people stagger around, clutching various body parts.  Haden Green limped out in front of him, a small sliver of glass stuck out of his right eye. His arm hung at an odd angle, dislocated at the elbow.  
“Haden,” Rock said, staring at him.
“Get in there,” he said, “I’ll be ok.”  Rock heard the sirens in the distance and knew he had to help whoever he could until they arrived.  
He stepped inside and cringed at the destruction.   
He bent next to the first person, slipping in a thin layer of blood.  He braced himself with his hand feeling the warm fluid stick to his skin.  He recognized the man, Ryan, he recalled, one of Delega’s personal assistants, his head lay flat to the side and his eyelids were shut, fluttering.  But he was breathing.
Rock scoured his body but couldn’t find the main wound. The blood kept pooling beneath him, growing heavier with each passing second.   He shifted Ryan’s position.  When he did, he saw the large piece of wood that had splintered and jammed between the young man’s shoulder blades.  It didn’t look real.  There was too much blood.   
Rock checked his breathing again.  He was still pushing air but his face looked dead, the color had all but vacated the skin leaving behind pasty white flesh. Rock ripped off his T-shirt and tried to jam the cloth around the entry point careful not to hit the piece of wood knowing it was helping to keep the wound from gushing.  He pressed firmly. His shirt slowly turned from white to a deep saturated red.  There was nothing more he could do. 
Rock felt everything slow down.  His sight blurred and hearing became muddled.  He swayed, trying to keep from being dizzy. Warm blood seeped between his fingers. 
“Please step to the side sir,” someone pushed him on the shoulder.  Rock startled at the touch.  He blinked his eyes, surprised to see that the emergency technicians were standing next to him.  The last thing he remembered was jamming his shirt around the wound.  A young man gently eased Rock away. His hands let loose, slipping from the bloody rag. Two EMS technicians immediately went to work.  Rock didn’t even know if Ryan was still alive.  
He stood up and backed off, shaking.  In the distance, he saw smoke rising from various parts of the island.  The whole place was on fire.
Shirtless, Rock made his way back to Anna’s office.  He tried to stay out of the way, skirting along the wall, letting the men and women who knew what to do, help those most injured.  Nobody was in Anna’s office when he arrived.  Eventually he found them all outside, sitting in the small parking lot, surrounded by police and medical personnel.  Jacob was gone, rushed away to the hospital, as was Seth Delega.  Anna, Sayla and Nate were all waiting, silently.
Rock sat next to them without saying a word. He put his arm around Anna as a young woman wheeled out a body just a few feet away, draped from head to foot in a white sheet. Anna fell into him, burying her head into his side. He felt her tears sliding gently on his skin.  He rocked her back and forth and kissed the top of her head.  
He didn’t say anything.  He couldn’t.  There was nothing to say.  
Chapter 10
Nova Scotia, July 2012




Rock stood on the causeway squinting into the morning sunlight.  He kicked the ground for no reason other than to send a small pebble cascading off the road and into the water.  He scuffed the toe of his white tennis shoe in the process.  His friend, Brett Silver, shifted to his left, staring across to Oak Island, its narrow entrance now a maze of yellow caution tape and patrolled by Nova Scotia police vehicles. 
Over a full month had come and gone since the explosions killed six people and left a dozen badly injured.  Rock thought that Seth Delega would be back to work by now but the detectives wouldn’t let him return to the island.  It would seem the heartless murder of six individuals wasn’t being taken lightly.  Two security officers died from the initial blast, David Bennington, Anna’s long time friend, died in the conference room, Jen Berent was killed by glass shrapnel, a research assistant to Haden Green had his lungs collapse after being hit by flying debris and Ryan Maims ended up dying from his wounds two days later. There were over a dozen injuries that required immediate medical attention and even the big meathead, Jacob, almost succumbed to his head injury in the following hours.
The island and its various sites were the objective of six separate bombings.  The two dams were completely destroyed.  The money pit and borehole x-10 were hit and collapsed inwards on themselves.  The office was targeted from the outside of the conference room and the explosion at the lot holding the heavy machinery tore the expensive equipment to pieces.  In all, the entire expedition and all of the progress was wiped away in a matter of seconds.  Rock just wondered why the orchestrators waited until morning to set the plan in motion.
“How’s Anna,” Brett asked.   
“She’s ok,” he lied.  In truth, Anna was a mess.  She found someway to heap the blame squarely on her shoulders and there was nothing Rock could do to change that.  What really baffled him was that she wanted to continue with the dig, thinking somehow finishing this would help her cope with what happened.  Seth Delega wasn’t much help either.  He was always around, pressuring her to be ready when he finally wrested the island back under his control.  Rock figured that would be any day now.
“What about the sites?”
“I haven’t seen them but from what I’ve heard they’re completely destroyed.  By the time Anna gains control again, it’s going to be two months before she is even back to where they were before this happened.  Plus, she’ll need a few new people brought in to get up to speed.  What happened is beyond discouraging.”
“Any ideas on who?”
“I have one,” Rock said.  He had the Cooper’s pegged for this.  They threatened sabotage and here it was.  He told the authorities about the men, though he realized Michael Cooper was most likely not even a real name.  He tried calling the number on the business card but the line was no longer in service.  He ended up giving the detectives the address of the office in Florida, the only real piece of evidence he possessed.  
“This doesn’t affect what you told me though.”
“Not at all,” Rock said.  “We’ll be striking out on our own once the police give us access to the waters.”  
They walked along the shore and back towards the hotel.  Rock refused to stay in one of the houses provided by Delega knowing full well somebody would be listening to him at all times.  He found the resort to be cozy enough and even negotiated a better price by staying for such a length of time.  
Once inside the room, Brett sat down in the armchair near the window. “You know the mark on that map is clearly on land, why do you want to search the water again?”
“These symbols, up on the left,” Rock pointed to the grouping of lines and shapes he knew no way of decoding.  “They say something and I’m willing to bet they tell how far and which direction from the mark to go to find the real place they stashed whatever it was they were hiding.”
“But you can’t decipher them.”
“No.”
“You do recall your hunches have been totally wrong before.  We’ve spent months in the wrong place.”“But I’ve been right before as well.”
“But this seems even a little out there for you.  Guessing some symbols say something and not believing what’s clearly marked on the map.”
“It’s not just a hunch,” Rock leaned forward.  “The marked spot is a decoy, something to throw off someone if they came into possession of the map should they not be the one it was meant for.  Only the person it was meant for would be able to read these symbols and that person is lost or long since dead.  But as such, only those symbols could tell the actual location.  And they lead to some other spot on this map.  Since the island has been thoroughly dug and scoured, personally, I think that leaves the sea as the potential hiding place.”
“Underwater caverns?” Brett said.
“Exactly.”
“When did you say this all took place?” 
“Early to mid 18th century.”
“You do realize diving equipment was less than stellar at that point in time,” 
“I know, you’ve told me before,” Rock didn’t want to hear it all again.  The diving bell was around but the advances in depth and time that could be spent underwater was hardly advanced.  Perhaps the best of the era was the design of English astronomer Edmond Halley.  The same man that Halley’s comet is named after.  His diving bell, constructed of wood, included a valve to rid the helmet of used air and a fairly simple system of weighted barrels and a long hose to replenish the divers good air supply.  It was genius for the time.  A person using such a system could go to a maximum of about 60 ft and stay under a little over an hour.  But that was more than enough time and depth to place something and then leave.
The next morning was cool and grey when they pushed out.  The water was slightly rough, pressed by a steady wind from the Northwest.  Rock eased them out and then throttled up to a full 35mph and splashed around with the powerful sport boat to wake himself up.  After a few minutes he headed towards Oak Island.  He took them along the shore at a slow pace. 
They mapped out all the depths around the island and found that for the most part, it ranged from very shallow at just a few feet, to seventy and up to eighty in others.  Rock finally positioned the boat just off the eastern tip of the island and anchored.  
“You’re going to hang out up here,” he said to Nate, who had been allowed to join them for the outing, “and we’re going to start on the eastern end first.  When we’re done, we’ll come back up and then work our way around the island somewhere else.  I don’t know how long we’re going to be cause I don’t know what exactly we’re looking for.  See if you can’t come up with some theories while we’re gone.”  
Brett started putting on his gear and Rock did the same.  Nate sat on the back of the boat with his shirt off soaking up the intermediate sunlight that made it to the deck.  They put together their tanks and donned the wet suits.  Rock sat on the ledge ready to go.
“We have company,” Nate said, “just as you predicted.”  Rock looked over and saw another boat stop one hundred yards away.  He reached for his binoculars and scanned the deck.  It was a Delega security boat, one of the five tethered at the docks.  There were four men aboard and one was staring back at him.  
“Shit.  If we find something we’re not bringing it up,” he said.  “At least not right now.”
Rock set the binoculars back down, fastened his mask and tumbled over the side.  Brett followed his lead.  After the initial splash he oriented himself and began the swim downward, towards the ridges that outlined the drop off from Oak Island.  The water was clear and cold and the silence underwater was always welcome.  He loved the contrast between the rugged surface and the peacefulness that arrived just a few feet beneath the waves.  Brett immediately swam in front, taking the lead.  
 The sea floor rested only thirty feet below.  It was rocky and uneven, sloping steeply upwards to then even out and become the islands Eastern tip beach.  But he wasn’t interested in the beach.  He was looking for openings in the base of the ridges that could lead to some form of cavern, or at least an area that would be able to hide something effectively from the elements. 
He swam up and down the ridge, checking each of the crevices, running his hand along the rock and pushing at various intervals.  He didn’t know exactly what he hoped to find but the island was big enough for this to take weeks to explore.  He swam to the bottom and picked up a few rocks, turning them over in his hands and letting them fall back down.  He picked up whatever looked suspiciously man-made but it always turned out to be something rather ordinary.  It felt like only a brief time had passed when Brett touched him on the shoulder.  He motioned it was time to go back up. 
They clamored aboard the boat and Nate immediately began helping them with the gear.  Rock noticed the security boat closed the distance by half since they dove, an hour before.
“Anything?” Nate asked, helping place the air tanks to the side.
Rock and Brett slumped in the seats, “nothing,” he said.
Brett slicked his hair back and took in the sun, “it’s just too big a place to be looking, especially if we don’t know what exactly we are trying to find.  This is going to take forever and there’s a good chance if there is something, we’ll miss it completely.”
Rock hated to admit it, but he was right.  “Ok,” he said.  “Let’s start thinking out loud here or at least narrowing our field of view.” He looked over at Brett who remained silent and shrugged.  “Nate, any ideas?”  Nate tilted his head to the side and swayed slightly.  “What is it Nate, speak up.”
“Well, I had some time up here and was looking at the map and thought that maybe the stone triangle isn’t as menial as you think it is.” 
“Ok, I’m listening,” Rock tried to sound accepting.  He knew he sometimes came across as intimidating, and as result stifled other’s ideas.  It was something he strived to change since he knew talking aloud about possibilities was the best approach to problems.  He always preferred to have open communication.  It came down to probabilities.  The more ideas, the better the chance one is correct.
Nate continued, “I know you think that since it points to the money pit, that it is part of the decoy you say that the whole place is.  But what if it is a direction that’s disguised as part of the decoy.  You know.  It points to the money pit but what if you extended that line to the shore.”  
Rock laughed out loud.  Nate suddenly fell quiet.
“No, no, that’s perfect,” Rock slapped Nate on the back.  “Absolutely perfect.  It so simple, it could be exactly the right answer.” 
“Really,” Nate’s straight lips curved upwards.  He was grinning ear to ear.
“Sure, you need to speak up sooner, we may have wasted the whole morning.”  Rock stooped over and opened his backpack and took out a red folder.  Inside, he pulled out an aerial map of Oak Island and laid it out.  Already marked in red ink was the money pit, borehole x-10, the stone triangle, and both Toudrey’s cove and Smith’s cove.  He placed down a straight edge and drew a line from the stone triangle to the money pit and then continued it on towards the shoreline.  It hit the edge and he drew a big circle.  “That’s where we’re headed, but first let’s take lunch.”
They sat on the boat for over an hour, chatting and eating cold cuts.  Rock wanted to make it appear as though they were just enjoying themselves and not too enthusiastic about searching for treasure.  He didn’t want to make it look like they were onto any leads.  Though certainly the simplicity of Nate’s observation made it a likely candidate for success.  
Much of the popular speculation about Oak Island revolved around such artifacts as the stone triangle as well as positions of certain stones, right angles and geometric elements.  The numerous outside theories and solutions became so complicated at times that Rock had trouble following most of the explanations.  They dealt with too many numbers and perfect shapes.  With enough time, any theory could be made to sound great with the right numerical scheme.  And he knew, if he had trouble following such directions, then the creator of the theory was simply trying too hard.  Simplicity, when put up front is the most complicated of things, and the easiest to miss or dismiss.  The idea they were about to follow was simple, and in that laid its most convincing argument.  It was right there, staring at him in the face and he missed it completely, too wrapped up in his own theories and views.  That’s why he tried never to do things alone.  His ideas, often times were completely off mark.
After lunch he started up the boat and made a round about way to come to a rest on the North side of the island, just to the East of Toudrey’s cove.  They stalled on deck for some time and then donned their gear once again and flipped overboard.  Rock was a little more optimistic for this particular site.  He actually felt excited.  
They dove for almost an hour again with no results and Brett finally called Rock back, to resurface.  Reluctantly, Rock climbed aboard the boat and slumped on the bench.  He didn’t say anything to either Nate or Brett other than to tell them they were moving slightly to the East and diving again.  Brett agreed but reminded him they could only stay under another hour as they had just a single tank left for either of them.   
Once below the surface Rock swam for the cliff that dipped vertically into the water.  This part of the island didn’t slowly ease into a beach but dove quickly down to the ocean floor.  The sunlight streaked through the water to easily brighten the entire area.  Brett immediately started examining things at a close range and Rock followed him at first but after twenty minutes of no results he decided he’d rather see it from a distance.  He swam thirty feet from the land and turned around, taking in as much of the site as he could in a single view before it became too blurry or distorted.  
Then he saw it.
Swimming in one place and smiling through his regulator, Rock stared at a smooth outline of five clearly distinct rocks in a perfect horizontal pattern.  They were either placed on the wall deliberately or they were already there and chiseled to appear in likeness, but there was no doubt, from his vantage point, they were clearly marked.  They were lined up one right after the other, about ten feet from the floor, equidistant in spacing.
He swam to Brett and signaled for him to follow his lead.  Rock led his friend back away from the wall and showed him the line.  Brett saw it immediately and slapped Rock on the back.  Excited, both men made for the wall and positioned themselves at the middle stone.  Rock carefully wiped away the algae and sediment that covered its surface and found a metal spike barely poking out of its center and a small rusted ring attached to the end.  He paused.  There was nothing etched on the stone as he was expecting.  They quickly checked the other four and found them to be identical.  
Rock looked at his time gauge, thirty minutes left before they needed to think about resurfacing.  He swam back again to have a look from a distance but saw nothing new and was starting to become discouraged.  Brett called him over and put his finger through the ring hole and made a quick motion as if he wanted to try and pull the stone out.  
Rock held up his hand.  It usually wasn’t his method to start pulling and pushing things that held historical significance.  These were indeed placed here by someone and pulling them out could potentially destroy the information they were trying to portray.  Or it could be the only way to get at the information.  They did have pull rings attached to them and that’s exactly what Brett was getting at.
He closed his eyes and thought about the best course of action.  The best thing to do would be to return to the surface, get the video camera and still camera and document their find.  Report their find to the proper authorities and come back numerous times and check out everything before ever pulling out one of the stones.  That would be appropriate.  
Rock put his hand down and then he gave Brett the thumbs up signal.  Brett nodded and tightened his finger around the loop and slowly pulled backwards.  The stone didn’t budge at first but Brett kept pulling with more pressure until it loosened and finally started to emerge.  At first, Rock thought it would just pop out, the part facing him was a good square foot in size and didn’t look to be pushed in that far.  But the stone kept coming.  It slid out from its shelf, grinding away the crud around it and Brett was now over four feet back from where he started.  Finally, the end came out of the hole and sunk down towards the ocean floor.  Brett let the weight of it go and the long rectangular stone settled on the bottom.
Rock swam up to the hole and shined a light into the opening.  It was hollow.  He could see all the way to the other side.  There was almost two feet of rock between him and the water on the inside, which meant they found the cavern they were looking for.  Now he just needed to find out how to get in.
Brett grabbed Rock’s shoulder and pointed him to their left.  Rock followed his finger to a small dust cloud that was swirling at a spot where the cliff met the ocean floor.  They carefully moved closer and saw that a crack opened almost a foot in height and over four feet in width.  Rock put his head to the rocky bottom and peered underneath.  The cavern was on the other side. 
In front of him was an immense boulder that was somehow suspended to make the opening.  Its top was concealed in the cavern and Rock had no idea what was holding it up.  He tried to move the rock and Brett helped him, pulling and pushing with all their strength but the stone was too large.  Brett tapped him on the shoulder again and made the same signal as before.  He wanted to pull out all the stones.  Rock hesitated for a moment but then nodded his head.
They proceeded to the first in the sequence and Brett pulled the small ring.  It took him a minute before he was able to dislodge the stone but soon it was retracting as the one before. It boasted the same length and once again, Brett let it fall to the sea floor when it cleared the shelf.  They watched the large boulder to the side and it pulled slightly upwards, enlarging the gap.  Rock checked it out and figured one more pull would give them enough room to squeeze underneath.
He waited by the opening and gave Brett the sign to pull the next one.  His friend moved to the next stone in the sequence and started pulling it.  When the long rectangular rock hit the bottom, the boulder in front of him lifted another foot off the sea floor.  Rock measured the dimensions and at this point he could squeeze through the opening.  The sun’s light illuminated the cavern to a point but he’d need his artificial light if it moved much deeper.
Brett swam up next to him and together they both looked inside.  Rock wanted to go through, but he was concerned as to what exactly was holding the boulder.  If it fell back down after they passed beneath, the cave would likely become their tomb.  He started looking around for something they could jam it with.  His gaze fell on the long blocks that Brett had pulled out. 
With his friend’s help they managed to stand one of them upright and tip it to the height of the opening, jamming it into the upper corner and the other end along the sea floor.  It looked strong enough. Rock’s gauge read about 15 minutes remaining and he decided he was going to have a look inside.  He gave Brett the signal to stay put.  His friend looked disappointed but understood his role.  If something happened, he wouldn’t have much time to get Rock back out and if he couldn’t, at least they would know where his body would be.
Rock quickly worked up his courage and swam into the cavern.  He flipped on his flashlight and shined it at the top of the boulder.  He immediately wanted to swim back.  Without the safety of their jammed stone in place he wouldn’t have ventured any further.  The boulder was being lifted by a single metal chain, hooked to the top of it by some means he could not discern at the moment.  What he saw of the chain frightened him.  It was caked with the color of rust.  Iron would be the element that made up most of the metal, if not all of it and as a result its strength would be greatly compromised at this point. One link on that chain would fail due to corrosion and then this cavern would be sealed completely, once again.   
Knowing his time was running low he left the mystery of the opening behind and continued forward.  The cavern moved about fifty feet inwards and then started pushing him upwards at a diagonal.  At this point the sunlight was well faded and in addition to his standard flashlight, he flicked on the miners light on his forehead.  The walls were beginning to narrow and he finally came to a stop, running into a solid wall.  The only way to go was directly up.  The water continued above him and he ascended slowly.  He watched his depth pass twenty, then ten, to five and then he burst above the sea level line and into open air. 
He removed his goggles and shined his lights around him.  He took out his regulator and coughed.  The air was stale.  He was surrounded on three sides by sheer walls but the last way produced a small ledge with iron rungs that were hammered into the rock.  To his delight, they still held.  
Rock climbed out of the water and stood up, the ceiling reached another ten feet above his head. On the ground, he found lengths of old rope, wood and even bits of cloth that had been left behind from whomever had been here before.  On the ceiling, above the water was a metal ring anchored into the rock.
He started removing some of his gear to be able to maneuver more easily.  He checked his air supply.  It only took him five minutes to swim this far so he had plenty of air to get himself back out again.  Brett however, would be very worried.  Hopefully, he wouldn’t come in after him.  
Rock began walking through the cavern.  The ground was all rock but relatively flat, as though it had been cleared at some point.  His unprotected feet took sharp pains at various intervals but nothing cut too deep.  The walls continued to narrow as he progressed.  Rock had never exhibited the signs of claustrophobia but if he did suffer from the fear, this would be the place.  At around sixty feet he came across more splintered wood, nails, and heaps of hardened blue clay.  He shined the light ahead and found a small wall.  It stood almost four feet high with rocks layered atop one another like brick.  In between the stones was more of the blue clay, sealing them together.  The wall appeared waterproof and ran from edge to edge.  Even if for some reason the sea level rose, it’d have to rise over four more feet, past the level of high tide, to get beyond the barrier.
The space between the wall and ceiling was no more than three feet and Rock climbed over and squeezed into the room beyond.  He shined the lights in front of him and smiled.  His heart felt like it would beat through his skin when he saw three old chests sitting before him, each one adorned by a corpse.  The bodies were small and the bones gleamed a pure white.  They wore plain colored robes and even thinning hair remained atop their heads.  Rock found that slightly disturbing.  “Good day,” he said aloud and bent his head.  “Rock Tilton, it’s a pleasure.”
He stepped forward and bent over the first chest.  There was no lock on it and he simply unhooked the rusted latch.  It took some effort to open the lid and finally after a good tug, it released.  He shined the light inside and saw a heaping of golden items.  He picked them up and turned them over in his hands.  He couldn’t tell where exactly they were from but they held true to weight and color.  Next, he opened the chest on the right.  It contained a different arrangement.  Diamond-encrusted bands, emeralds, rings and silver coins filled its volume.  The two chests alone were probably worth millions.  But that’s not what peaked his interest.  
Rock moved in front of the final chest, the one in the middle, and cracked it open.  He shined his light within and saw it was left mostly empty.  A dirty white cloth rested over something at the bottom. He set his light aside, wedging it between two rocks.  He carefully reached within and picked up the item.  He let the cloth drop to the ground.  It was a book.  He bent down and brought it into the light.
His heart fluttered.
He ran his hand over the rough, faded cover, feeling the grooves of a familiar sigil.  “Not good,” he said aloud as his eyes fell over the symbol of a rose.  It was a simple little picture in the lower corner but due to recent events, it spoke volumes.  Michael Cooper had been speaking the truth.  He knew what was down here all along.
Rock opened the pages.  They folded outwards, in a long sheet.  It reminded him of the way the few existing Mayan codices unraveled.  Then something fell.  It drifted to the ground. A single letter, sealed with cracking red wax rested between his knees.  He picked it up.
“Ok.  Who are you?” As he slid his fingers over the wax, his headlamp flickered and shut off.  The room darkened.  Rock realized he never changed the batteries.  “Idiot,” he slapped the side of his head.    
Calmly, he reached out for the other light but stumbled and knocked it from its place.  The flashlight tumbled to the ground.  He heard it shatter and suddenly, he couldn’t see.
Chapter 11
Nova Scotia, July 2012




A small two way street ran along the water’s edge in the quiet town of Western Shore.  It was a place Anna could find some peace.  To one side were dozens of launch ramps, dotting the shoreline, giving summer vacationers an easy place to plunge their boats into the bay.  On the other, grassy hills and majestic pines swayed gracefully with the ever-changing Atlantic winds. 
This commonplace stretch of road somehow reminded her of her childhood, specifically her family’s charming little cottage on the western shore of Lake Michigan.  As a little girl, she used to fish off the dock in the back yard and climb the lower branches of the tilting willow tree.  She skipped hundreds of stones into the lake.  Her father taught her to water ski on her sixth birthday.  When she was older, she took Rock up there before they were married, just the two of them, right after they met.  She remembered sitting under the night sky while his arms encircled her to keep her warm.  Those days were simpler.  
This afternoon, Seth Delega joined her on her daily walk. She slowed her normal gait to match his leisurely pace and small strides.  He looked tired.  The soft bags below his eyes told of many sleepless nights.
“Do you have any idea when we’ll be allowed back to work,” she asked.  “To meet your deadline, we need start moving again and I need to assess the damages.”
“It should be any day now,” he replied.  “I’m doing everything I can.  It took much effort to even wrestle the rights to this place and events like these don’t exactly make me a local favorite.”
“It wasn’t your fault.”
“I should have had more security.”
“Even so, there were too many people coming and going, there was no way to keep track of everything.  Whoever did this would have eventually found a way in.”
“Then what’s to stop them again?”
“I think we should limit the number of people to a select few and at a single site. Concentrate on the money pit and use all your security to keep it watched.  We’ll work 24 hours a day in various shifts and if nothing is there, we move along and do the same at the next site.”  Anna had been thinking about this for the past month.  The problem before was simply numbers.  There were too many people and too much to keep track of.  Anybody could have made it onto the island as a contractor or a simple member of the crew.  She had been careless.  Trying to get everything done at once is what created the vulnerability.
“I think that sounds acceptable,” he said after a moment of silence.  They watched a white boat trimmed with red stripes speed out from one of the nearby docks and zip by them.  “You do realize Rock has taken to diving the waters around the island,” Seth changed the subject.
“I do.  He’s probably just seeing if he can find anything on the ocean floor to help him solve his riddle.”  They stopped at the edge of a small wooden platform.  It reached out no more than a few feet over the water.  Anna leaned on the rail, basking in the warm sun.  “You seem more worried than usual.”
“I am. There isn’t much time left.” 
“Mind if I ask what happens if we don’t make it by the deadline this fall?  Does your buyer pull out or something?”
Seth chuckled.  “Something like that.” 
“It’s not like the world’s going to end.  We can keep going until we find whatever it is you think is here.”
“I know. We have to get it.”  He said nothing else and walked away.  He met up with his security guards and they headed back to the cars.  
Anna watched them go and stood alone, feeling somewhat confused.  She didn’t know how to take Seth Delega’s strange attitude swings.  At one moment he would be fiery and angry and the next solemn and withdrawn.  But always, he insisted on urgency, as though the current project were the final chance to do this.  The man looked to be unraveling before her eyes.  
Anna remained on the small platform to take in the fresh air.  Rarely did she find time for herself and it was nice to hear nothing for a change.  Her phone buzzed in her pocket but she decided not to answer and let it ring out.  She watched groups of boaters arrive at and leave from the docks, most coming in to take lunch but a few others heading out to eat on the water.  Seagulls soared above her in groups, some hovered in place like funny shaped kites until they decided to dive into the bay and disappear beneath the water.  To them, nothing had happened on Oak Island, nobody had died.  This place was the same as it had always been.  
“I need to talk with you.” Anna sighed at the voice.  She wasn’t allowed any peace. She turned to find a stern looking man in his mid forties.  He had blond hair spiked in the front and piercing dark brown eyes.  Anna balked at the contrast. She’d never seen him before but then she was always meeting new people these days. 
“And who are you?”
“Anna Riley, I’m Agent Anders Sieb, I work with a division of the CIA.”
“You’re a long way from home.”
“So are you.”
“Can I see some ID?”  The man brought out a badge and handed it to her.  She didn’t know what exactly they were supposed to look like but it appeared genuine. 
“Does it pass,” he said after she turned it over a few times.
“It’ll do.  So what does the government want with me?” 
“Let’s walk,” he said.  She caught up to him and they strode side by side at the edge of the street.  A single car sputtered by, but that was all, the road was usually empty at this time of day.  He casually took a picture out of his wallet and tilted it up so she could see it.  “Take it,” he said.  Anna grabbed the photo.  “Do you know this man?”
“Yes,” she was staring at a profile picture of a tall blond man with squinted eyes.  “That’s Malcolm Cooper, the man I think had something to do with the explosions on Oak Island.”
“That’s one of his names.  He also goes by Tad Brooks, Rich Saxton and Ronald Pickens.  We don’t know which one is real if any of them.  He came here to Nova Scotia under Rich Saxton and as far we know, he hasn’t left yet.”
“I haven’t seen him in a long time, if that’s what you’re wondering.”
“Actually I was more interested in what he wanted with you.  I was speaking with the department here and they said you mentioned his name. I was just wondering if you could tell me what you two talked about.  Your interaction.”  He took the photo from her and placed it in his pocket.
“Can I ask why?”
“This man works for a known terrorist organization.  I want to know what he’s doing all the way up here?”
“What organization?  What’d he do?”
“I am the one asking the questions.”
“And I am the one you’re asking.”
He shrugged.  “I can’t tell you who he works for but he’s been linked with computer intrusion at very sensitive institutions, burglary, kidnapping and he’s been implicated in half a dozen homicides.”
“Am I in danger?”  Anna quickly thought back to Rock’s advice.  She should have listened to him.  She should have washed her hands clean from all this and just walked away.
“I’m not saying that, I just think that maybe we can help each other.  I want to know what he’s doing, what he’s after.  He didn’t tell you that, did he?”
“He wants whatever is on that island not to be given to Seth Delega.  That’s all I know.  Does Seth know you’re here?”
“That’s another issue you should be aware of.  The Delega Group is also under federal investigation for espionage, fraud, money laundering, murder, and other infractions.  They aren’t good people.”
“I’m starting to get that feeling.”
“Has Delega told you what he thinks is up here?”
“No.”
“Don’t you think that’s something you ought to know?”
“I’ve asked.  He won’t tell me.”  Anna stopped.  She faced him.  “What is it you want Agent Sieb?”
“I want to know what’s going on up here.  I have known terrorists in the area and a corrupt Corporation that knows how to slip through the judicial system and now their digging on a defunct piece of land.  What am I supposed to think?  This is purely benign.”
“I don’t have the answers you’re looking for.”
“I think you know more than what you’re telling me.”
“I would like to help but.”
“You know I can have you hauled back to Washington,” he cut her off.
“For what.”
“Collaborating with known terrorists.”
Anna shook her head.  “Did you know one of my longest and dearest friends was killed last month, not to mention five other people, all of whom I knew.  Five.”  She felt tears forming.  “And you think I’m consorting with the type of people who would do that.  You really think I wouldn’t help you if I could.  The fact is I can’t.  I don’t know anything more.”  One drop trailed down her cheek.  The others she was able to hold in place.  “If you’re going to take me away, then do it now.”
Agent Sieb took a deep breath.  “Not today.  But if you are holding anything back, I’ll find out.  If that happens, things won’t be good for you.  Here’s my card.”  She grabbed it.  “If you decide you remember anything else or somehow come across some answers, I’ll be waiting.”  He smirked, put on a pair of sunglasses and started down the street.
Once again, Anna stood alone. Inside, she felt a mixture of sadness and anger, churning in competition.  She couldn’t decide which one would win out.  She walked a short distance and sat down against a tree.  She buried her head in her hands.  The sweat from her forehead trickled into her eyes and stung for a moment.  
She felt someone sit next to her.  Now what?  She looked to the side.  Immediately, her heart jumped, delivering a quick shot of adrenaline.
“I don’t like him either,” Malcolm Cooper said.  “Look at that arrogant walk.”  In the distance, Agent Sieb was still visible, slowly walking down the street. 
Anna barely heard him.  Her body was alive.  Her legs no longer felt weak.  They wanted to run, to sprint away.  But she remained very still. He was dangerous.
“Are you going to kill me?”
“Of course not.  I like you.”  He leaned back on his hands.  A gun rested in his lap.  “Now, Agent Sieb, I’d kill him if I had the chance.”
“You know him,” she asked.  Anna looked out to the ocean, keeping her eyes away from Malcolm Cooper. 
“Yeah.  He doesn’t like us very much.  He heads a department in the CIA that is in direct conflict with our interests.  He’s killed a lot of my friends.  Well, I take that back, he ordered their killing.”  Malcolm kept his pacing light and conversational.
She wanted to confront him about the murders on Oak Island but quickly decided against igniting any sort of dialogue that could provoke a negative reaction.  “So what now?”
“I’m here to negotiate.”
“For what?”
“Your life.”  She kept her eyes averted.  “Here’s how it’s going to go. Your team was much faster than we anticipated over the last few months.  As a result, we hit you earlier than what we originally planned.  Now that leaves a whole lot of time for you to clean up and start all over. I’m willing to wager that we won’t have the success we had just recently, the next time around.  So, either you agree right now to fuck this whole thing up or you go so slow that Seth fires you.   If not, you’ll be dead, your assistant will be dead, and Rock and his little bitch too.  Personally, I think this is a very simple choice.”
“Just don’t find anything.”
“Sure,” he casually answered.  “That works.”
“Then you’ll leave all of us completely alone.” 
“You’ve been a trooper through all this and I don’t see any reason to kill you.  I really don’t like taking life but sometimes it’s required of me and usually it’s to ass holes like Agent Sieb, not nice people like you.  So if you don’t do me any more harm, I can let you go with your life.”
“But if Delega fires me, won’t someone else just come on in and pick up where I left off.”
“Of course they will.  But they’ll need to catch up on everything, formulate ideas and then start.  Plus I think Seth will have difficulty finding someone else after I get through with them.”
“Then I accept,” she stated and finally looked over at him.  Their eyes met.  His were cold.  She felt a chill tickle her back.  
“I thought you’d see it that way,” he said.  “And I hope it’s understood that this meeting stays between us.  I watch you Anna.”  He smiled.  “You can go now, I’m sure you have other things to do.”
Chapter 12
Nova Scotia, July 2012




Despite his delicate movement, Rock managed to catch a sharp edge coming out of the cavern.  It was his only blunder that broke the skin sending a thin river of blood to trickle down from an open gash just above his right eye.  He braced himself on the wall and slipped his left heel into its flipper and then hoisted his air tank.  Up on the surface, he could already picture a worried Brett pacing nervously on the boat.  His friend knew full well that Rock’s tank would have run empty by this point had he not been able to find any sort of breathable air.
He didn’t want to wait any longer and took the last step forward and dropped into the water.  Rock immediately felt the coldness wrap around him.  He slowly let himself sink to the bottom and when his feet found something solid he began feeling along the walls for which way to go.  There was only one open direction, he recalled from the way in, so he should be able to eventually find his way back.  It was just a question of how long he could stay down before his air ran out.
Rock inched along the walls in tentative motions and started to become worried after a few tedious minutes without good progress.   He decided to begin pulling himself at a faster pace but that would also increase his chance of severely raking his limbs or hitting his head on protruding sections of rock.  He cringed but kept propelling himself forward.  Without any visual acuity there wasn’t another option.  Then his eyes caught a faint green glow amidst the darkness.  He hurriedly swam towards it. After a few meters Rock found he was able to see the features of the jagged walls around him.  Then he saw the origin.  Three green light sticks were placed along the ground.  He picked one up and smiled. Only Brett would think of the one thing to do to help him.  With the lights in hand, he was able to move much faster and found himself staring at the hoisted boulder in under a minute.  To his delight, it was still holding.
He swam briskly back underneath the boulder and as he emerged, Brett was coming back down from the boat. When they saw each other, Brett shook his head and turned around swimming back towards the boat.  Rock skimmed along the ocean floor, picked up a large ordinary rock and then ascended after him.  When he surface he pushed the rock up above his head and Nate struggled to bring it in the boat. 
“What’s this,” the young man said heaving it over the side.
“A hunch,” Rock replied as Brett helped him in.  His friend looked pissed.  He’d only seen this expression a few times before.
“I’ve never done that to you.”  Brett threw his mask on the deck.
“I’m sorry,” Rock said.
“That’s bullshit.  First rule is you stay together.  We didn’t do that, so the second rule is to come back in good time.”  Brett walked away from him, fuming.  Nate hovered quietly at the edge of the boat.
“There were circumstances,” Rock said.  “I needed the extra time.”
“Then you should of come out and told me and then we’d come back later!”
Rock spotted Delega’s security boat speeding towards them.  It came along their port side and stopped just a few feet away.  Jacob, brandishing a large stitching across his head, yelled over.  “Stay where you are. We’re coming over to take what you just brought on board.”
“The fuck you are, “ Rock called back and started for the controls.
“Don’t start that boat or we’ll open fire.” Rock looked back to see three men pointing guns towards them, he focused on the closest one, a pudgy red-faced man sweating profusely.  They were serious.
“What are we going to do,” Nate stammered.
“Let them come over,” he replied.  
Jacob and two members of Delega’s team stepped on board.  “Give it to me,” Jacob said.  The meathead looked larger than usual.  
“There it is,” Rock said pointing to the ordinary stone on the deck.
Jacob bent down and picked it up, “this looks like a rock.”
“Perceptive.”     
“Search the ship,” he told his men.
“You know this could be considered an act of piracy,” Rock said into the tense situation.  But nobody acknowledged the comment nor said anything as they rummaged through the few things on board.  After ten long minutes they stopped.
“Let’s go,” Jacob said, throwing Rock’s rock overboard.  Then without warning he unleashed a punch that took Rock in the gut and knocked the wind from him.  He doubled over as Brett and Nate came to his side.
“What the fuck was that for,” Brett confronted Jacob, putting himself between the two men.
“We’re watching you, don’t fuck with us again,” he said and jumped back across to the other boat. They sped off to resume their position on the outside.
Rock sat down, wheezing.  He looked up into two bizarre expressions.  Nate looked confused and concerned whereas Brett appeared satisfied.  “I’m ok,” Rock said.  “In case you were wondering.”
“You deserved that,” Brett said.
“I know.  And I am sorry Brett, I truly am.  But it was all worth it.”  He smiled.  “We’ve found what we were looking for.  So start your brains working, we need someway to get it up here without that piece of shit knowing.”  They both immediately took on goofy childish grins.  Brett’s anger and worry appeared quenched for the moment.  Rock meandered back to the controls and started the engine.  Reluctantly, he set course back towards the docks, leaving their find unguarded for the time being.
In the few hours after they returned, Rock came up with one idea that held promise.  He and Brett were going to dive in the middle of the night, retrieve the treasure and then, in the morning, they would play as if nothing had happened.
He looked at the clock next to his bed.  He was having dinner with Anna in under an hour.  Quickly, he showered, changed clothes and tried his best to neatly dress his small wound before heading out alone.
Anna was punctual as usual and already seated when he arrived.  He slid down in a booth across from her and smiled.  Mo’s Grill was casual dining and looked to be turning a good business.  Most of the tables were occupied and the bar was busting with cheery patrons.  “Good day my lady,” he said.  She wore old blue jeans and a brown blouse with white spots.  She looked good.
“Hi Rock,” she returned without much enthusiasm.  “How was diving today?”
Rock immediately sensed something lingering besides Anna’s normal depression over the last month.  She was pre-occupied.  “Diving was good.  We were followed by Delega’s security the whole time.  What about you, anything exciting today?”
“I don’t think you could call it exciting.”
“What happened?  Did Delega finally wrestle control of the island?”
She hesitated a moment before speaking, “I have to get fired, we have to leave,” she said.  Rock studied her a moment. Someone had gotten to her.
“What’d they do,” he asked softly. 
“I was approached by a someone from the government accusing me of cooperating with terrorists and then I was snuck up on by Malcolm Cooper.  Let’s just say they both threatened me.  It wasn’t the best day.”
Rock clenched his teeth.  His muscles tensed but he tried to keep it all inside, his anger would do no good here.  “What did Cooper want?”
“He admitted to the bombing, and then said he wanted me to stall and go slow and flounder the entire excavation.”
“Or what,” Rock said before she finished.  “He’d kill you?”
“Not only me, but you, and Nate and Sayla.  He said if I didn’t tank the effort or get fired, we’d all be killed.”
“But he did give you a way out, getting fired.”
“Yes, and I’m going to do it tomorrow.”
“Get fired?”
“Yes.”
“I agree with you, that’s the prudent choice.  I’m sorry you had to go through that.” Rock knew what it felt like to have a gun pointed at him.  The helpless feeling when you realize your life is no longer in your hands is disturbing and stays with a person.
“But it’s probably for the best,” she said.  “This was too much for me anyhow.  I never signed on for life or death.  And I never signed on to be accused of supporting terrorists.”
“Who was this government guy, what did he want?”
“His name was Sieb.  I think he just wanted to shake me down.  He told me things about both the Cooper’s and Delega.  Nothing favorable.  I think he wants cooperation or is setting me up for something.  Can’t really be sure right now.”
“Sieb, huh?”
“Yeah.  He was very full of himself.”  She sighed.  “I really don’t know what’s going on, do I?”
Rock didn’t know how to respond to that so he sat silent for a moment.  “We found the treasure.”  He blurted out when the silence was becoming awkward.
Anna leaned closer.  “What did you say?”
“We found it.  Brett, Nate and I found the Oak Island treasure.  It was hidden in an underwater cavern near Toudrey’s cove and it was actually simple to find. Nate came up with the winning clue.”  Rock looked around making sure nobody was listening, when his gaze returned, she was almost clear across the table.
“You fucker,” she said.  “Why did you wait so long to tell me?”
“You seemed to want to get some things off your chest.  No pun intended.”
“Well what is it?”
“See that’s the funny part.  I don’t know yet.  We couldn’t bring it up with Jacob and that boat trailing us.  Brett and I were going to try a night dive tomorrow.
“That won’t work.”
“Why not?”  
“There’s no way they won’t be watching you 24 hours and they do have night vision equipment.  I’ve seen the goggles.”
“Then I’m going to need some diversion or a different plan all together.”
Anna smirked and looked him straight in the eye.  “You know, I might have just the thing.”             
Chapter 13
Nova Scotia, July 2012




Three of them sat in the small red speedboat briskly traveling away from one of the many rundown docks that dotted the waterfront of Western Shore.  Anna stood at the controls letting the wind cycle through her long hair. It was her first time at the helm of a boat in many years.  Since she and Rock parted ways, her time in this environment was considerably diminished and she realized she missed the freedom of the open water.  Behind her, Sayla whooped in excitement and Peter relaxed in the afternoon sun. The man she met at the Black Pearl that first night she came face to face with Malcolm Cooper was delighted when she called him, though it wasn’t for the exact reason he had in mind.
She looked at the dim clock on the dash covering the glare with one hand.  It read just after 2pm.  They were right on schedule.  “We’re almost there,” she called back to her two passengers.  Peter held a thumb’s up sign in response.  
On the right side of the craft, Oak Island’s Toudrey’s cove meandered by. They were close enough to see the aftermath of the explosion at the dam almost a full month ago.  The beach was littered with broken materials and badly fractured equipment. Most of the items looked to still be in the area but not in the neat ordered stacks as they were intended.  It looked like a dump.
She turned the boat towards land as they moved beyond Toudrey’s cove and slowed their speed to look for the exact place Rock specified on her map the night before.  She cut the motor when they were no more than thirty yards from the edge of the island.  
“There,” Anna said pointing to a tree cocked at a 45 degree angle jutting out over the water.  “That’s it.”  Anna smiled to her passengers.  “Peter, your up.”
Peter immediately started putting on his gear.  He zipped up a dark navy blue wet suit with black fins and tossed on a pair of bright yellow goggles.  Sayla helped him with his tank and in just a few minutes he was sitting on the edge of the boat, ready to flip in.
Anna sat across from him, “thanks for helping us out,” she said.
“Anything for a beautiful lady,” he smiled and Anna felt herself blush.  “Just make sure that the other boat gets here, I don’t want to be walking the full length of that damn island in diving gear.”
“They’ll be here in about twenty minutes.”
“How about a pint later on this evening,” he asked.
“Perhaps, but that’s for a later discussion.  You better get down there so we can go.”
Peter popped in his regulator and flipped overboard.  Anna gave him a minute to clear the boat and then started the engine and churned into the bay.  She and Sayla zipped straight North for almost twenty minutes and then they coasted to a stop to wait it out.
“What exactly is the plan here,” Sayla asked.  
The question surprised Anna.  “You mean nobody told you?”
“Well, Nate told me that Rock thinks he found the treasure and that we were going to help get it today, but that was all.  Then, this afternoon you said come on we better get to the boat.  And now, we just dropped off that nice guy in the water, alone, and left him.”
“I can’t believe Nate didn’t tell you everything last night.  Rock told him.”
“Start from the beginning, please,” Sayla said. 
“Rock thinks he found the treasure of Oak Island.”
“I know that part.” 
“Well, he told me last night that he found three chests in an underwater cave just off the spot near Toudrey’s cove, where we dropped Peter.  But, he’s being tailed by Delega everywhere so we developed a ruse to get them off his back.”
“You’re serious? And you all thought not to include me in this small detail.”
“I thought Nate would have told you.”
“He didn’t, I think he was too busy trying to get something else.”
Anna shrugged.  “Well, a man with that on his mind doesn’t think of much else.”
Sayla laughed.  “So what are we doing way out here?”
“We are waiting.  Right about now, Rock and Brett will be toppling overboard in the exact place we dropped off Peter.  Rock will once again enter the underwater cavern and this time retrieve what he thinks is the treasure of Oak Island.  However, when its time to go, Brett and Peter will return to the boat with nothing in hand.  Then they’ll leave the area and Delega’s boat will follow them.  At this point we will return and safely pick up Rock and take him back to land.”
“You guys are like international spies.  But won’t Delega’s people notice its Peter on the boat and not Rock?”
“Not if they are using the exact same style gear, same colors, same brands.  And if Peter never turns his face to Delega’s boat and then goes below deck, like we’re paying him to do, they will never know.”
“I like it.  Did he tell you what it was?”
“He doesn’t know.  But we’ll know soon enough.”  Anna checked the time.  “And it’s about that time we start heading back.”
Anna fired up the boat and they sped back towards Oak Island.  When they pulled in, nobody was around.  Anna shut off the motor and they silently waited.  Behind her, Sayla scanned the waters for any sign of Rock.
Without warning, something flew up into the boat and landed with a resounding thud.  Anna reached down and picked up the heavy object.  It was a flat plastic case.  She opened it up and a plastic bag was sealed within and something large and flat was inside of that.  She set it down as Rock started trying to climb in.  Sayla began helping him load another case into the craft.  He looked exactly like Peter when he toppled over just fifty minutes earlier, right down to the bright yellow goggles.  The look was uncanny.
“Shit,” Sayla said lunging towards the water.  Her legs kicked up into the air and for a moment and Anna thought she would fall overboard, but she toppled back in with a disgusted look on her face.
“What happened,” Anna asked.
“I dropped my cell.  Crap.  I had everything in there.”
Rock was almost in the boat but stopped, “want me to try and find it?”
“Thanks, but that’s not going to help, it was on so the circuits are fried anyhow.  I’ll just have to get another one when we get back.”
When they finally pulled him on board, Rock slumped against one of the chairs and took off his mask.  He winked at Anna, “We got it.  Now let’s get the hell out of here.”  
Anna started up the boat and they headed for shore.  She pulled into the docks a few minutes later and they quickly unloaded the gear.  Anna returned the rental keys and paid for the quick outing.  She raced back to the parking lot and found them sitting in a beat up blue Ford pick up truck.  Sayla was bouncing in the middle and Rock was behind the wheel, revving the engine.  She climbed in.
“So where are we going,” she asked shutting the door.  “And where’d you get this clunker?”
“I am taking no chances at this point.  What we have is somehow very dangerous,” he said pulling out of the parking lot and onto the highway.  “I bought this truck for a few hundred dollars unknown to anyone and I rented a small summer house for the week.  Paid cash up front so it’s not really on record yet.  That’s where we are going.”
“You think our cars are tracked?” 
“Your house was monitored, and those cars all have GPS.  You really don’t think they could find you if they wanted to.”  She realized his point and didn’t argue.
They drove out of Western Shore and followed the coast.  They finally turned off lighthouse route when they were nearing Blandford, a town on the opposite side of the bay from Western Shore.  It was located on the Aspotogan peninsula between Mahone Bay and St. Margaret’s Bay.  It was a quaint little town, rugged but beautiful.
Another few minutes and Rock pulled into the dirt drive of a small run down house.  It looked to have been abandoned from the outside.  “Here we are,” he said cheerfully.
The house used to be blue.  The old coat of paint was wearing thin and chunks of it were peeled off and lost, exposing a white layer underneath.  Weeds grew from beneath the foundation to snake along the outer the walls and the cement walkway was broken and uneven. 
“You’re right, I don’t think anybody is going to find us here,” Sayla said.
“We’re not going to stay,” Rock asserted.  “This is just where we are going to keep the items while we study them for a short time.  The trick is going to be acting natural back in town until we decide what exactly is the next step.”
The front door creaked open as they entered.  Rock switched on the light and to Anna’s surprise, the place looked almost clean and orderly. To her right, dusty old couches sat against the wall facing a coffee table, fireplace and even a television set from the 80’s complete with manual dials on the outside. 
“How much did you get this place for,” Sayla asked.
“It wasn’t much,” Rock replied.  “But it didn’t have to be.  This is all I wanted.”  He walked by them into kitchen and laid down the two dark blue plastic cases on the table.  “Now let’s take a look,” he said in a voice that cracked with excitement.
Chapter 14
Nova Scotia, July 2012




An ugly green lamp hung down from the ceiling, releasing a pallid glow over the small kitchen. Anna and Sayla stood on either side of Rock and together they were staring down at the metal framed, round kitchen table.  The white tablecloth spread over its surface was well worn, and the little yellow flower pattern appeared faded and even ripped in places.  But that was of little concern.  The two unopened cases that held the contents of the chests beneath Oak Island rested on that table, and they were just waiting to be opened.
“Well,” Anna said, nudging his right shoulder.
“Ok,” Rock finally gave in.  He reached for the first of the two housings, the smaller one.  He unhooked the latches, opened it and reached within, withdrawing a plain brown book.  The cover bore numerous scratches and an engraved rose decorated the lower corner reflecting a dull gold.  The parts of the exposed pages appeared yellow from first glance though he had yet to open it for a full inspection.  He wondered if it was even going to be readable.  He gently set the book aside and reached back into the case.  His hand clasped two small envelopes and he pulled them out.  One he already opened on his first visit but was unable to read it, the other remained sealed under the original wax mark.  He laid the envelopes out side by side next to the book.
“What are the letters,” Sayla asked.
“I don’t know yet,” Rock replied, “but these envelopes, sealed as they are came from a very different era than the book, I’m guessing.  They look much more recent.”
“How do you know that?”
“The type of paper used to make these envelopes, the shape, and wax as a sealant puts these no earlier than the 15th century.  The book on the other hand looks different, bound in hide and I felt the pages briefly.  My best guess is huun paper, largely used only in ancient native American cultures, like the Olmec or Mayan.  I’ve come across many of these in different studies but Wallace mainly taught me how to pick them out.”  Anna picked up the letter with the broken seal.  “Careful with that,” Rock said holding out his hand. 
“I know,” she smiled.  She took out a single folded piece of paper and held it up.  To his delight, the old parchment didn’t crack or break.  The enclosed chest and cave environment must have preserved everything remarkably well.  But he knew this might be the case as remote caves, sheltered from the changing elements were the best place to find well-preserved artifacts from all over the world.
Anna stayed silent, studying the piece paper with a furrowed brow.  “Can’t read it,” Rock asked.  “Do you know what language it’s in?”
Sayla started scooting towards Anna, “I know a bunch of languages, let me see if I can read it.”
“It’s in English, “ Anna said.
“Well that’s boring,” Sayla answered.  
Anna began reading the letter aloud.  “War is worse than ignorance, fear of death worse than death itself, and justice should be done only through the just which no man can lay claim to in truth.  Who am I to choose who is to receive life’s knowledge and who’ll be cast in darkness, I am nobody of import.  And as such I choose to give it to specifically none, and let the fate of lives decide that day which shall be brought forth into the world’s 6th age.  I do not believe war over land, where surely the most powerful would prevail, to be in the best light of moving forward for the strong are not always the most worthy though history would have us believe otherwise.  As such this treasure awaits the patient, the clever, the intelligent and the determined for you must have these qualities if you are reading this now.  And I leave the fates now in your capable hands.  Careful on how to proceed, and I caution on which king and country is given access and thus do not blindly follow the land of which your life was given for that which you have is worth the lives of more than you know.  My advice would be to take the gold, take the jewels and forget the rest.  It will only bring suffering, it will only bring pain.  The world is yours.  Fate is yours.  Power is yours.  But beware, corruption, greed and ambition won’t linger in the shadows for long.  Signed Captain Robert Ryder son of Captain William Kidd. 1720, 292 years to date.”
Rock quickly did the math in his head.  “There’s no way,” he said more to himself than to either of the women.  “There is no way he could have known this was to be found this year.  Two hundred and ninety two years from 1720 is 2012.  That’s this year.”
“That’s kinda creepy,” Sayla muttered.
“Captain Kidd,” Anna interjected.  “Just what most theorists believed.”
“But it’s not his treasure trove,” Rock replied.  “There were only two small chests still down there, not nearly what he was said to have hoarded.  They may have gotten the who right, but they definitely didn’t get what.  For some reason, this book and whatever is in that case, he must have felt was more important than anything else.”
“Then we should probably see what’s in the other case,” Sayla said flipping the latches.  The second case was almost twice the size of the first.  Once inside she parted two folded plastic sheets and withdrew a medium sized stone plate.  She laid it on the table next to the other things.
“Careful, that’s heavy,” Rock cautioned.
“It looks native American,” Anna said hovering next to him.  Rock made a quick observation but looked to Sayla.  “Notice anything?”
Sayla leaned in closer and took a long look at the stone slab.  “It’s Mayan, at least a third of it is.  The other two parts I’m not so sure.  I’ve never seen them before.”  The slab was distinctly divided into three parts and written in three separate languages.  Rock recognized two of them.
“Look closer,” Rock said.  “The glyphs on the left are Mayan, those in the middle are ancient Egyptian hieroglyphs and on the right is completely new to me, nothing familiar.”  Sayla started running her finger along the grooves.  “Don’t touch it if you don’t have to,” Rock scolded her. 
“Egyptian,” Sayla hovered over the slate, “I see it now, but they’re very old.”
“Let’s open the second envelope, it may tell us something,” Anna touched the wax seal and it crumbled apart breaking into hard flaky pieces. She opened the envelope and withdrew a small but thick piece of leather.  She unfolded it and flattened it out on the table.
Rock’s heart leapt, “it’s a map,” he blurted out.  “It’s another map.  Look, look,” he pointed to the outline of an island running his finger along the shoreline.  “And up here,” he pointed.  “It’s a code.  The same type of symbols on the map of Oak Island.”  He picked up the leather page and started examining it.
“There’s something on the other side,” Sayla said.  
Rock immediately turned it over.  He read the few words aloud.  “Boston State House, NW corner, first, noon.  Below it, there’s a poem or riddle.” 

Of twenty men, the answer’s ten.
Of those ten hearts respond in parts.  
Part one to solve take three to sea.
Part two to free, respond with me

“What is that supposed to mean?” Anna asked when Rock finished reading.  
Rock didn’t have an answer but thought maybe they could work it out aloud.  “Well, the location is pretty simple, the NW corner of the Boston State House.  But the word first could have multiple meanings, and noon could be a time or a code word of some sort.
“The Boston State House might be the place to start,” Sayla chimed in.
“Perhaps,” Rock replied.  He put the piece of leather down and picked up the book.  “Or maybe this is where all the answers lie.”  Up to this point, he was scared to even touch the book for fear it would fall apart in his hands.
“Who is Robert Ryder,” Sayla asked before Rock could open the cover.  “I’ve never heard of him before.  Captain Kidd never had a son in the history books.”
“Exactly,” Rock replied.  “If he did have a child with someone other than his wife, Sarah Bradley Cox Oort, he might have kept him a secret.  In addition to that, his two daughters were from her previous marriage so he had no real blood ties to them.  So, his secrets must have passed to someone and this is as logical a conclusion as anyone has yet to put forth.  And with this evidence, who are we to doubt it.  I’m guessing Robert Ryder was very influential but was able to fly completely under the historical radar.  But Delega knew about him, his name came up in a few of our conversations.”
Anna jumped in, “so he knows about this?”
“No, I just think the name came up in some of his leads, he used it as a sliver of intrigue to get me to come on.”
Rock waited for the conversation to move along but neither of the girls continued with the banter.  He took that as a clue to open the book.  He ran his hand along the outside and felt the tough wrinkled cover.  Touching gave the item such emotion.  He wondered who was the last person before him to do the same.  Was it this Robert Ryder he was now connecting with?
The first page was off white, but looked to still be in a good and sturdy condition.  There was a large symbol in the middle, and the rest was left unmarked.  He recognized it immediately.  It was the Mayan symbol of hunab ku.  This particular symbol, within the Mayan culture invoked their creator God and stood for perfection, or the balance of forces.  That page alone, staring at him from the past, made Rock anxious.
“The Hunab ku,” Sayla whispered to him.
“I remember that symbol,” Anna said.  “It always made me feel lost, like I was missing something.”
“It’s quite an important glyph to start this thing out,” Rock said.  He gently pulled on the page and it stretched out, unfolding in an accordion style fashion.  
There were only four existing Mayan codices that survived the culture’s invasion and subsequent destruction by the Spanish.  Almost all their writings and history were labeled satanic and burned to ashes.  It was the main reason that the Mayans remain such a mystery, and why all their secrets still have yet to be uncovered.  But he knew from study that the codices were all put together the same way and folded in a screen type manner.  
“Just like the others,” Rock said aloud.  “Definitely Mayan, even the paper is huun, not Egyptian papyrus.”  He stretched out the sheet counting the folds and leafs as they unraveled.  At twenty-four, he felt the resistance weaken and the long page slipped from the book and the end floated to the floor.  Sayla quickly but gently grabbed it before it settled.
“I take it that’s not supposed to happen,” Anna said after seeing Rock’s nervous expression.  He carefully folded his end towards Sayla until it was small enough to fit on the counter.  
Rock bent down and examined the last page.  “I didn’t hear it tear,” Sayla said.
“That’s because it didn’t tear.  Look,” Rock drew his finger down a perfectly straight line at the edge of the sheet.  “Somebody did this with a knife, it’s been cut.”  He hurried over to the book and looked closely at the next page.  The cut inside was slightly more jagged.  “These cuts don’t match, there are pages missing.  Somebody took them.”  Rock put his hands behind his head and sighed.  Nothing frustrated him more than having found something incomplete.  When the time came to translate this, no doubt these missing pages would be the most critical.
“Rock,” Sayla called over to him.  Her tone held that exotic hint of dismay or discovery.
“Yes.”
“The writing.  I don’t know if you’ve even looked at it yet or not, but the writing isn’t Mayan either.  It looks like that other language from the stone.” 
He took a step over to her and bent over the first twenty pages.  She was right, not that he doubted her abilities, but it wasn’t what he expected.  “Are you sure you’ve never seen this anywhere else, nothing in any books or the Internet?”
“I’ve never seen it,” she said.  “Sorry.”
“Anna, anything familiar at all to you,” she was studying the stone on the table, with a furrowed brow.
“I’ve never seen it before but I was thinking that maybe that’s why the stone accompanies the book.  “Maybe it’s like the Rosetta stone.  A type of translation tablet?” 
Rock smiled.  She was right.  It was a perfect tool for translating.  The Rosetta stone was the icon of translation and this was identical in its purpose.  He recalled that the Rosetta stone was a single script written in two forms of Egyptian and the other in Greek.  It served as the starting point to decipher Egyptian hieroglyphics and was dated all the way back to 196 BC.  This stone tablet could be even older.
“That’s exactly what this is.  Sayla, do you have the camera?”  She held it up and started wiggling it.  “Good.  We need to get pictures of every inch of everything.  Start with the letter and leather map, then the stone and then I want every page of that book photographed.  Clearly.”
“You got it.”  Sayla picked up the letter and laid it out flat.  She started taking the pictures.  
Rock took Anna by the arm and brought her into the other room.  He sat her down on the crusty blue sofa. “We have to get you out of here,” he said.
“I know,” she nodded her head.  “Do you plan on handing any of that over to Delega when you’re through with it.”
“Probably not,” he said.  “And even if I do, it will be many months if not years before it is done being examined.  It might never be.  I doubt Delega will ever see it.”  Anna looked a little upset.
“I was hired by him, to get whatever that is.  It’s very difficult for me to turn my back on him.  He hasn’t wronged me, not him personally anyway.”
“He’s not a good guy, I think you know that.”
“True.  But he’s still the guy that brought both of us here, spent the money and will then be backstabbed, by us.  I don’t want to be that person, with that reputation.  Nobody is going to hire that person.”
“Think of it this way.  I found it, and I never took his money.  You could consider this my find in truth and thus I have the say as to where it goes.”  Anna smiled half-heartedly.  “If Delega gets that,” Rock pointed to the kitchen.  “My guess is it will never be heard from again.  That is a vital piece of Mayan culture and some other culture we have yet to even discover.  That’s not a private piece for a collection.  That cannot be trusted with Seth Delega.”
“You do see my point though,” she stared at him.  He did see it.  This was a disgusting act of betrayal, on her part.  But he was trying to look at the bigger picture.
“I do, Anna.  I see your point.  And perhaps you are right and I will give it to Delega, eventually, but first I need to know why this is worth so many lives.  Too many people have died and too many put at risk to hand it blindly over where it may disappear.  But he may get it, as I said, eventually.”
“That is the only reason I will go with you on this,” she said.  “I feel the same.  Those lives need to count for something.”
“So how do we get you out,” he asked.
“I’ll talk with Seth tomorrow, I’ll figure something to tell him.”
“Act normal,” he told her, knowing that would be almost impossible.
She forced a laugh.  “What are you doing tomorrow?”
“I’ll be diving, I can’t suddenly stop my quest and you suddenly leave at the same time.  That wouldn’t be too obvious.
“What are you going to do with the find tonight?”
“I haven’t decided.  Maybe I’ll leave it here, maybe take it with me.  I don’t know.  Once Sayla is finished, I’ll take you two back and we’ll go from there.  But we need to be leaving soon.  For some reason I always feel paranoid, like either I’m being watched or being looked for.”
“I know what you mean,” Anna shifted uncomfortably.
“But the important thing is, this needs to be kept safe until it can be deciphered,” Rock walked back into the kitchen.  Sayla was unraveling the rest the book.  When it started unfolding Rock was amazed at the amount of shapes and lines that filled up the pages rather than straight script and writing.  Little marks adorned strange spirals and curves.  What looked to be an outline of the solar system as well as notable constellations stretched from page to page.  Small lines like computer code were written between and around them.  He’d never seen anything like it in an ancient text.
“Math,” Sayla said as she snapped a photo.  “It’s all math, universal.”
Rock understood what she meant.  Math was the only truly universal language.  The equations, if correct, were the same cross cultures, and worlds, if that was even a possibility.  “So the front section is written in story form and this back section is all mathematics.  I wonder what is missing.”
“I don’t know,” she said. 
“Are you almost done?” 
“No, I have a bunch left to take.”
“Keep going,” he said moving back into the living room.  He found Anna huddled in the same spot.
“We’re almost ready,” he said.  She jumped at the sound.  “Whoa, where were you,” Rock smiled at her.
Anna looked up at him with tears wetting her cheeks.  Rock lost his smile immediately.  “I don’t know Rock.  I feel empty or lost.  Something’s not right.  This isn’t going to end well, is it?  I know it.  I just know it.”  She stood up and came over to him and wrapped her arms around him and squeezed.
He embraced her.  “Yes it will.”  He rocked with her in his arms.  “Just keep your mind clear and focus on what you have to do.  In a few days you’ll be gone from here and it will be all behind you.”
She broke the embrace and stepped back.  Her eyes met his.  “I wish that were true,” she said.  “But I think we both know that’s not how this is going to end.”      
 
Chapter 15
Nova Scotia, July 2012




The following day, Rock pulled up to Anna’s house.  It was 9am.  Nate sat on the front step waiting to be picked up for their daily diving routine.  The young man stood up as Rock jumped out of the seat and rushed towards him.  “Nate, is everyone inside, is everyone ok?”
Nate looked startled, “yeah, I think,” he stuttered.  “Anna’s up, but Sayla, ah, she’s still in bed.”
Rock grabbed him by the shoulders, “good, that’s good.  Go inside and get your stuff, pack it up right now, you’re all leaving today.”
“What about diving?”
“Cancelled.”
“Where’s Brett?”
“I don’t know,” Rock let go of Nate and shuffled by him towards the front porch. He pulled the door open and stuck his head inside.  “Anna!”  Rock yelled into the house.  “You need to come out here right now.”  After a brief moment he heard movement and then saw her coming in from the kitchen, coffee cup in hand.  Rock backed outside and waited next to Nate who was swaying in anticipation.  Anna stepped out onto the front step.
“What is it now Rock?”
“Brett’s gone, both our hotel rooms are trashed.  I think Delega or Cooper, someone took him.”  
Anna’s face suddenly dropped from annoyed to frightened.  She stepped closer.  “You think someone kidnapped him?”  Rock nodded.  “Why him and not you?”
“After I dropped you off I went back to the house all night, I never returned to the hotel.  When I got back this morning I found everything broken and Brett missing.  I checked for him at the docks and around the hotel, but he just vanished.  And you know it’s not like Brett to be late for anything, he would have notified me if he planned anything. His phone was even left in the room.”  Rock took it out of his pocket and showed it to them.
“How sure,” Anna asked him hesitantly.
Rock shook his head, “I know it.  This wasn’t random.”
“What do you want to do,” she asked.      
“About Brett, I don’t know.  But about the rest of you, you’re all leaving today.  I have somewhere for you to go.”
“I already have tickets for tomorrow,” she protested.  Rock wondered where she thought she was going.
“Where to?”
“Boulder,” she said flatly.
“Ok, may I ask why?”
“I was going to show you today, out on the boat.  But last night I found this,” Nate said reaching into his pocket.  He took out and unfolded a sheet of paper and held it in front of Rock.
“That’s it!  You found the ring.”  He smiled at the picture of a golden ring with an engraved rose.  It was identical to the one Michael Cooper wore.  “On e-bay?”
“Who would of thought,” Nate said.
Rock looked at the location.  It read ‘Boulder CO.’  “So you’re going to talk to the seller.”
Anna nodded.  “I thought it would be as good a place to go as any.”
“What if this,” he looked at the sellers’ name, “thesericprohet is part of them.”
“I don’t think he is,” Anna replied, “or he wouldn’t publicly be selling his ring on ebay.”
“Or it could be a trap, it’s convenient this pops up now.”
“Paranoia isn’t a good thing Rock.”
“As long as it’s not permanent it has the capability of keeping you alive.  Until I find Brett, I’m going to be skeptical.”
“Where do you want us to go,” she asked.
“I’m sending Sayla back to Miami, she’ll be safer there and she can start gathering together all the gear I’m going to need for my next trip. You and Nate will go to Knoxville Tennessee, I’ll have someone meet you there.”
“Knoxville?  What the hell is in Knoxville?”  Anna didn’t seem to like the idea.
“A friend,” he said.  “And you’re taking the find with you.”  
Anna shifted nervously when he said that.  “What are you going to do?”
“I’m staying until I find Brett.”  Anna shook her head at him.  “Are you free of Delega, did you do that yesterday,” he asked.
“Yeah, I did it last night.  I tried to talk to you but I never got a hold of you.”
“I know, I’m sorry.  But that’s coincidental too, Brett disappearing the next day after you quit.  I don’t trust Delega at all.”
“He did seem a little calm about the whole thing,” she said.
“I wouldn’t be surprised if he were behind Brett missing and truthfully he’s the main reason I want you all out of here, today.”
“Ok,” Anna said.  “I’ll wake up Sayla, Nate get your stuff.”  Nate looked disappointed but didn’t object verbally.  “We’ll be ready in under an hour,” she said.
“I’ll be out here,” Rock walked back towards the truck.  “Nate,” he called back.  “If you get done before them, come on out, I’ll need you to drive my rental car, we’ll have to go and get it.  We can’t all fit in the truck.”  Nate nodded.
As he suspected, in less than fifteen minutes, Nate was all ready to go.  They drove back to the hotel and found Rock’s rental.  He drove along side it and stopped.  “Stay in the cab,” he told Nate.  “If everything is good I’ll give you a thumbs up and you can drive the truck.”
“Ok,” Nate replied.
Rock stepped out of the truck and circled his car.  He ducked underneath and looked to see if anything was out of place.  He wasn’t much of a car person but liked to think if something were clearly wrong or foreign, he’d notice.  But everything seemed to be ok. 
On the road, Rock took the lead, wary of every other car around them, checking to see if they were being followed or watched.  His eyes jumped at each vehicle, searching the passengers for odd appearances or strange behavior.  He turned into a gas station and Nate followed.  Rock got out of the car and strolled up to Nate’s window.  “Fill up,” he told him.  
Rock meandered to the back, near the restrooms, watching over his shoulder.  He stopped near the pay phone and dialed a familiar number.  
“Hello,” the old man’s voice was comforting.  
“Wallace,” he said softly.
“Rock?”
“Yeah.”
“What number are you calling from?”
“Never mind.  I need your help, I’m in kind of a situation.”
“What have you gotten yourself into now,” Wallace said.
“Actually it’s pretty serious.  I can’t get into all the details over the phone but Anna will fill you in when you see her.”
“Your ex-wife Anna?”
“Yes.  I’m sorry I can’t tell you more, but I’d clear your schedule for the next few weeks.”
“I can’t do that,” he said.
“You can,” Rock said forcefully, “Anna and her assistant are flying into Knoxville on the quickest trip they can find coming from Halifax.  They’ll probably come in on a connection and I don’t know that flight yet.  But you need to hide them and what they have.  And then it’s yours to study.  Tell nobody except those you fully trust and get a hold of Skylar Reed, have him on hand. Tell him I’ll pay.”
Silence greeted him.  Finally Wallace whispered.  “That man frightens me.”
“Me too,” Rock said, “but he’s the best.”
“What are you into?”
“It’s dangerous, people have already died, I can’t say much more.  Just stay quiet.”  Rock sensed apprehension in Wallace’s voice.  “Are you ok with this?”
“Do I have a choice?”
“Of course, but I think you’ll be glad you decided to help when you see what Anna brings you.”
“I’m too old for this sort of thing, but I’ll be there.  Will you be joining us?”
“Perhaps,” Rock replied.  “But not for awhile, but I will keep in contact.”
“Ok, Rock.”
“Thank you Wallace, just be careful who you talk to.”
“I will.”  Wallace hung up.
They drove back to Anna’s house where Sayla and Anna both stood ready to go.  Sayla jumped into the truck cab with Nate and Anna climbed in with Rock.
“I think you should leave too,” she said before shutting the door.
“You know I can’t.”
“As soon as you can.  You aren’t on anyone’s favorites list around here.” 
“I know.”  Rock fell silent.
They started driving for Halifax. Anna rested her head on the window and watched the scenery pass by.  Rock didn’t have much to say besides the occasional question about what she was thinking.
Halfway to their destination, she finally looked at him.  “Who are we going to meet in Knoxville?”
“Wallace,” he answered.
“Does he know we’re coming?”  Anna had known Wallace as long as Rock.  She and Rock worked together on a few of his expeditions in the early days as a husband and wife team.  But after the divorce, he didn’t know if they’d even talked to one another.  
“He knows, but I told him nothing of the book, letters or stone slate.  He’ll find those extremely interesting.  Also I asked him to contact Skylar.”
Anna groaned.  “Seriously.”
“I think it would be best.”  
“He better not talk to me like he usually does.”
“Also I have a few observations you need to relay to Wallace about the items,” Rock changed the subject.  “I was up all last night going over them.”
“What did you find?”
“As we saw before, the writing on the stone slate is the same writing in the book.  It should be deciphered using the Mayan glyphs on the opposite side.  Now, I’m not a genius at math but much of what is in the book is derived through mathematics, physics, and astronomy, so you should immediately ask Wallace if he has a trustful friend that specializes in any of those fields.  The letter itself is straightforward. I read it many times last night.  Captain Ryder believes that this book is invaluable and it can either be used to bring on death or salvation.  He favors destroying it but couldn’t bring himself to do such a thing.  As for the map, I’m bringing it with me. After I find Brett, I’ll make for Boston and see if I can’t put any of it together.  I have a feeling we’ll need those pages ripped from the book and that map is probably the only way to get to them.”
Anna nodded along to let him know she was listening.  “Anything else,” she said.
“Yeah.  I think this has something to do with the prophecy later this year, the galactic alignment on December 21st, 2012.  And before you say anything, I am the last person to believe in such bullshit, but some of the drawings and symbols make reference to such an event and this book may deal with that.”
“You’re talking doomsday,” Anna said tilting her head and smirking.
“No, I’m saying it may have something to do with that prediction.  Like, maybe the reasons behind why that date was chosen, or it could even show us how advanced their knowledge of mathematics and physics actually were.”
“Ok, I’ll let him know,” she said.
Rock decided to shut up.  His own theories, he knew, coming from a full night of studying the artifacts without sleep made him more apt to come to crazy conclusions.  But at the time it felt right, especially the drawing that could be nothing other than the galaxy and our movements within it.  But even after all his time, he still couldn’t understand how Captain Ryder was able to know that the items he buried would be found in 2012, that was what baffled him most.  And then again, that could also be coincidence.
They pulled into the airport and Rock motioned Nate into the parking garage as he and Anna returned the rental car.  Ten minutes later, they found them waiting by the truck, the suitcases and gear already unloaded from the back.  Nate had his arm around Sayla and they were already saying their good-byes.
“What’s in the case,” Nate said lifting the big black pelican hard shell off the ground.
“I think you know,” Rock said.  
Nate nodded, “it’s awfully heavy.”
“I put extra padding in there to keep it safe.  It’s going to have to be checked, I really didn’t want to do that but I think it’s the only way, that stone plate is too heavy.”
Anna stared, wide-eyed.  “You’re going to check it?”  She couldn’t hide the surprise in her voice.
“Yup, I thought about Fed-ex or UPS but I figured it might alert more attention and be easier to track.  I say just check it and pick it up at baggage claim.”
“Are you sure, what if it gets lost,” Sayla looked puzzled.
“It won’t,” Rock said.  “Now let’s go.”
Rock wanted to get Anna and Nate moving first and asked Sayla to step back while they went to the window.  They managed to get a flight to Newark and a connection to Knoxville.  Rock loaded the hard shell case onto the scale and watched them whisk it away.  He silently told himself it was the right move.  
Anna and Nate checked in and then turned to him and Sayla.  Anna hugged him tightly.  “Thank you Rock for getting me into and out of this mess,” she whispered into his ear.  “I’m sorry you, Sayla and Brett were pulled into it.  Tell Brett I’m sorry when you find him.  And keep in touch so I know you’re ok.”
Rock stepped back.  He didn’t have much to say.  “Make sure you find out exactly what that book is all about.  And stay safe.”  Anna had tears welling in her eyes but nothing dropped to wet her cheeks.  She was a strong woman.
“Goodbye,” Anna said as she back away and smiled.
“You know,” he said.
“Yeah I know,” she replied back.  “You only say goodbye when you don’t mean it.”  
“Shit,” Nate said as he backed up.  “I forgot to pack my knife, they’ll never let this through security.  
“I’ll hold onto it for you,” Rock held out his hand.  “When I see you next time, you’ll have it back.”  Nate placed it in his hand.  Rock turned it over.  It was a small survival knife, with a flint and whistle attached to it.
“Thanks,” he said and followed after Anna, merging into the short security line.
Sayla looked at him.  “My turn.  Miami right?  Why do I have to go home,” she pleaded.
“Cause after I find Brett, I’m going to Boston to see if I can’t make sense of this map and these key words.  If I do, I’ll need my gear ready to go in case this island is not inhabited.  Also I’ll need my things together anyway in case I go to Boulder Colorado.”
“Am I going with you,” Sayla rolled her eyes upwards like a pleading puppy.  
“It depends on how dangerous I feel the situation is, but probably.”
She smiled.  “Ok let’s get me on a plane.”
After a few more minutes with the agent, Sayla was booked on a flight to New York leaving later that day, with a connection to Miami.  She was on her way home.  Rock sighed with relief as she passed through security and left him standing alone.  
He and Brett were now the only two left.    
Chapter 16
Nova Scotia, July 2012




Rock just wanted to leave Nova Scotia but he couldn’t take off without locating Brett.  He owed him that much.  And there was only one place that he might get answers.  He immediately headed to see Seth Delega.
The house was built from red brick accented with strips of aluminum tan siding.  There were no cars in the driveway or on the street.  The garage was shut and the windows all drawn.  It looked like a bunker.
Rock parked in the driveway and jogged to the front porch.  The door opened before he could knock. Jacob stood in the threshold, smirking, dressed in a black shirt and jeans.  The clothes hugged the man’s body tightly, too small to be comfortable for most people but just right for the egotistical.  Rock despised the man’s arrogant looks. 
“Where were you this morning, not playing pirate anymore?”
Jacob lost his grin.  “Mr. Delega has been expecting you.”
“Ask him if he minds if we chat out here?”
“He does,” Jacob said.  
“Just as I thought, you have your head so far up his ass, you know what he’s thinking.”  That elicited an angry stare but no verbal comeback.  “Then show me to him.”
Jacob stepped to the side to allow Rock into the house.  The décor was austere, consisting of rigid angles and deep contrasted colors.  The lights were all fluorescent giving the interior a green tint.  The windows, as he saw from the outside, were all drawn so that no light could make its way within.  The place sent small shivers coursing through him.
Jacob pushed past him, knocking into his shoulder in a display of dominance, “follow me, he’s in the basement.”
Rock hesitated.  “What’s he doing in the basement?”
“He’s researching leads.”
Rock followed Jacob towards the back of the house.  Once there, he opened an old wooden door and stepped down onto the stairs.  They creaked with age.  The staircase was narrow and covered in shadows.  Rock kept his hands off the railing. He could see its frayed edges dotted with sharp splinters ready to infect the unwary. He didn’t like the situation and kept glancing behind him.  When they reached the bottom, it smelled damp and musty.  The floor was bare and the ceiling was open, exposing the rafters and multitudes of broken spider webs.  It didn’t reflect the upper portion of the house.  This was the place for the dirty secrets.  He imagined Delega to be much the same way.  His look and way about him was the fake exterior to a more sinister character beneath.
They turned the corner and he found Seth Delega sitting in an office chair.  “Rock, come in.”  He rolled slightly in his direction.
Rock took a step towards him.  He looked around the room and saw two more men hovering on the opposite side.  Delega looked relaxed, almost peaceful.  “Do you know why I’m here,” Rock asked immediately.
“No, I have no idea, I thought once Anna decided to resign you’d probably leave with her.”  He smiled.
“I’m looking for Brett.”
“Who,” he replied innocently.
“My diving partner.”
“I’m sorry, I haven’t seen him.”
“Somehow I don’t believe that.”  Rock watched the men in the shadows.  Their slow steps were moving around him, sliding into position.  He started fingering Nate’s survival knife in his pocket.  
“What did he look like,” Seth asked.
“Well, if you haven’t seen him, I’m going to go, that’s the only reason I came here.”
“Wait, wait.  Since you’re here, I have a question to ask you.”  Rock remained alert.  “Where are the things you found in the cavern near Toudrey’s cove?  I want them.”
“I don’t know what you’re talking about,” Rock answered realizing he had made a big mistake.  He should never have come.
“That’s not what he said,” Seth gestured to his right and one of his men yanked a blue plastic tarp to reveal a badly beaten body.  Brett’s blond hair was matted and stained a dark maroon.  Rock could see where the bullet hole had entered his head.  His face was bruised and bloodied and a few of his fingers had been lopped off.  Rock swallowed.  He could grieve later. 
He stared at the body, not to take in the gruesome sight but to think about his next move.  He couldn’t make the stairs, Jacob stood behind him, and to try and fight would be meaningless.  
Rock reached into his pocket and took out Nate’s knife, flicking it to its full outright position.  He spun around and ducked underneath Jacob’s reaching limbs and in an instant had his arm around the man’s chest and the knife dangerously close to his throat.  He pressed it against the flesh.  All time seemed to slow down.
“Nice and sharp,” Rock said.  “Everybody up against the far wall while Jacob and I walk out of here.  I want cell phones and radios on the ground.”  
Nobody moved.  
“Now!” He yelled and the two other men looked to Seth Delega.
Seth stood up.  “Do you really think I care if that man lives or dies?”  He strolled forward.  “And you have a little knife, ahh, that’s quaint.”  He looked to his other two men, “Shoot them both in the legs. Well just Rock, I don’t give a shit about the other one.”
The men went for their guns but Rock responded.  He quickly slid his hand to Jacob’s waist and withdrew the gun buried there, bringing it up to point at Delega.  “You really want to take that chance now,” he said.
Seth stopped moving forward, “ok, take it easy” he gestured over to his men and they lowered their weapons.  “You’re quick.  So now what?”
“I’m thinking about just fucking shooting you anyway,” he said.  Jacob started to squirm a little but Rock still held the knife to his neck.  The man tried to swallow underneath the steel and Rock felt the lump push into the blade.  He couldn’t look but he imagined a thin red line already dripping from Jacob’s flesh.
“Jacob and I are going to walk up stairs and hang for an indeterminate amount of time.  If that door so much as opens I will shoot whoever comes through first.”  He started backing up, using Jacob as a shield and very slowly they made their way to the main floor.
Once upstairs, he pushed Jacob towards front door and out into the driveway.  He slipped the knife back into his pocket.  He pressed the barrel of the gun into Jacob’s back and forced him towards the truck.  “Get behind the wheel and fasten the seatbelt.”  Jacob did as he was told.  “I’m going to go around to the other side, if I so much as see you try and move, I’ll shoot you right where you sit.  And trust me, I won’t think twice about it.”  Jacob nodded.  The arrogant look on his face was no longer apparent.
Rock ran around to the other side and jumped in.  He faced forward and pointed the gun towards Jacob.  “Here are the keys,” he said flicking them over.  “Now start driving.”
Once they were on their way Jacob finally found his voice, “my guys are going to kill you,” he said.
“I’d be more worried about yourself right now.”
“I’m not that worried,” he replied strongly, obviously lying.
“And why is that?”
“You’re not the killing type, you couldn’t do it.  I’ve watched you. You’re a big pussy.”
“Really, is that what you think?”  Rock felt himself heating up.  He glanced behind them.  They seemed to be clear of Delega’s security.  He felt safer and as a result his anger heightened.  “You do realize the man back there in that basement, is my best friend.  I’ve known him since we were boys.  We have been through just about every situation in the field together and he’s saved my life more than once. And you fucking killed him!”  Rock punched Jacob in the side, just below the ribs.  Jacob leaned forward, grimacing at the blow.  The truck swerved slightly.  “And for what,” he continued.  “A few artifacts.  A few bucks.  So don’t tell me what I’m capable of because I’ve never been in this situation before and my heart says to slit your throat and dump your wasted body.”
“I was just doing my job,” he wheezed back still catching his breath.
“Construction is a job, answering phones is a job, McDonalds is a job.  Torturing my friend is not a fucking job!”  He whipped Jacob in the face with the butt of the gun.  The man’s scar burst open and blood squirted from the gash.  
Jacob recovered quickly wiping the fluid from his eye.  “Go fuck yourself.”
Rock suddenly realized he didn’t have anything left keeping him in Nova Scotia. “Shut up, just follow my directions,” he muttered.  He needed to get to the airport, but by now, Delega would have his men out looking for them and the main roads would likely be watched.  He decided to go the long route to Halifax, on paths less traveled than the main highway.
The two-lane road they ended up taking was sandwiched between open land and forests.  There were occasional farms and small gas stops but for the most part it was empty.  After half an hour of silence between them, Rock broke the quiet.  “What’s Delega looking for?”
“You should know.  They say you might have it.”
“But I don’t know what it, is.”
“Well neither do I, as I said before I was just doing my job.”
“Don’t say that again.  You have choices, don’t hide behind your job.”
Jacob smirked, the dried blood on his face cracked and separated.  “I would have cut your friend apart even if it wasn’t my job.  And before I shot him, he confessed everything like a weak, little, bitch.”
Rock raised his hand to hit Jacob again when small bits of glass shattered from the windshield.  Jacob lost control and the truck swerved, jumped the shoulder and slammed into a nearby tree.  Rock reeled against his seatbelt, stunned by the sudden collision.  He quickly gained his composure and looked over to Jacob.  The big man rested with his back up against the seat, wheezing.  There was a small entry wound in his left shoulder and he held his neck with his right hand.  Blood pooled through his clasped fingers and dripped onto his shirt.  
He looked Rock in the eye.  “Help me,” he said in a weak voice while reaching out with his other hand.  
Rock shoved it away, “I hope it hurts,” he said.  He looked around for his gun but couldn’t locate it.  He opened the door to step out but the metal frame shot backwards, slamming into his head.
Chapter 17
Knoxville, July 2012




As Anna and Nate stepped off the plane in Knoxville, Tennessee, she immediately went to her phone.  To her dismay there were no calls or messages.  
“Do you think it made it?”  Nate said sliding in next to her.  His voice brought her back to contemplate her own part to play.
“I certainly hope so,” she said quietly.  The airport traffic in Knoxville was moderate.  Many of the terminals were left empty and the short walkway was easy to navigate.  But something felt awkward as they strolled towards baggage claim.  She felt eyes following them.  Or it could be just the continued paranoia of the last week in Western Shore.  
Anna did her best to stay calm and kept alert.  Everything was moving normally when a man came up next to her and kept an even stride.  She looked over at him.  He smiled back.  He was a skinny guy, slightly older than her, with a goatee, baldhead and thin glasses.  He didn’t have any baggage.  His smile said he knew her.  When she found his green eyes, she placed it.  Skylar Reed.
“I thought you’d never recognize me,” he said.
“You look…different, the bald head, facial hair, even your clothes, and glasses, I never knew you needed glasses.”  Skylar had aged dramatically since the last time she had seen him.  It had been well over ten years now.  He was much smaller, but still toned, she noted silently.  He used to be a scary sight but looking at him now, he appeared more akin to a high school guidance counselor.    
“I don’t,” he said.  “But it makes me appear a little more harmless.”  She knew that was far from the truth.  He may look meek but that would be where it ended.  She didn’t know much of his background, only that he was retired special forces.  Rock hired him for a dig in Nicaragua back in the 90’s.  She was never told what happened but from then on, Rock never used anyone but Skylar when he needed security.   “Hold on now,” Skylar grabbed her forearm tight. “I can’t allow you to go to baggage claim.  The reason Rock called me is waiting for you down there. I had to buy a ticket to get in here to get to you first. They even have small pictures of you on their phones.  And four more are patrolling the various exits.”
Anna wanted to scream.  What was she in the middle of?  “But we have a case that we need.  It’s the entire reason we’re here,” she told him.  
“Ok,” Skylar said.  “I can get that for you.  They’re not looking for me.  But we need to somehow get you out of this airport in one piece.”
“What about the employee entrances or emergency exits,” Nate asked.
“I’ve been here awhile, the airport is extremely small, two short wings, that’s it.  Security is tight and everything is watched over cameras.  I’ve been over just about every scenario and the only real way out is to go through them.”
“Through them.” Anna said back to him.  “I know you’re good but there’s only one of you.”
Skylar chuckled.  “And I don’t have any weapons since I had to come past security.  From what I saw, they are all armed.  The last thing I want is to get into an open contest in the airport, that’s not going to end well for anyone.  What I mean is that we need to just walk through them without flinching.  They are going to see you, that part is something we can’t help, but if we can get moving before they can close on us, we have a good chance.”
“Do you have a disguise for us,” Nate asked.
“Disguise?”  Skylar shook his head at the boy, “you really need to stop watching so many movies.  From where I come from disguise is just short for dramatic interpretation solely guarantees uselessness, idiocy, and self-elimination.  Suck it up schoolboy, you’ll be fine.  Here’s what’s going to happen.”  Skylar walked them towards the wall.  “You both are going to go to the restroom for twenty minutes.  I’m going to get your cargo and get it out to my car.  Then I’m going to drive up to the second level, which is where we are now, and stop in front of door one as though I will drop someone off.  After twenty minutes, both of you come out individually, don’t even look at each other and stay away from one another.  Head for door one.  The fucker there looks the most incompetent.  Walk on through and get in my car, it’ll be parked right up front, it’s red.”
Nate sneered.  “That’s your plan?  Just walk right by him, he’s not going to see us, recognize us and stop us at all.  Just walk by him.”
“Kid, I just told you what you’re going to be doing, don’t worry about doing anything but that, I’ll take care of the rest.  Now stop being a fucker and shut up.” Anna held her hand out and touched Nate’s shoulder.  She could see him starting to get red.  Skylar had that effect on most people.  “One last thing,” he said.  “If anything goes wrong, the keys are in the car, get in and get out of here.  If shots are fired, don’t look, just go.  If you hear screams, don’t look, just go.  If someone tries to take you anywhere, don’t let them, it would be better to be taken in by the police here and we’ll sort it all out later.  I don’t know how bad these people want you or what you have, so we should be prepared for anything.  All clear.”
Anna nodded her head.  “We got it, twenty minutes.”
“And you,” Skylar looked at Nate.
“I got it,” he said.  
“Ok what kind of baggage am I looking for?”
Anna quickly described the case to him and what flight number it would be under.  Then she and Nate headed for the restrooms.  
Chapter 18
Knoxville, July 2012




Anna emerged from the bathroom.  She held her head low and cast her eyes just high enough to see ahead of her.  The position left her feeling slightly disoriented. The crowds seemed to dissipate when she needed them most and she sensed the gaze of each person she passed follow after her like searchlights trained on a sinking ship.  There was nowhere to hide, not here.  
She came to the front and turned to the left, heading for door number one.  She tried to look casual and brushed her hair behind her ear but then quickly let it fall back down realizing it helped hide her face.  Outside, a red car waited. 
She spotted a young wavy haired man leaning up against the wall, monitoring the door.  He was the one Skylar mentioned.  He would systematically watch each individual pass through the automatic portal and then would glance downward to match them with his pictures.  There was no way this was going to work. 
Anna took a deep breath and aimed straight for him.
Her heart raced as anxiety threatened to take over her body. Her arms lightened and her legs gained length with each stride.  She looked away from the man and gazed out the doors that led to freedom just ahead.
A hand grabbed her arm and squeezed.  “Ma’am,” the young man’s voice rang in her ear.  She was caught.  He jerked her around and when their eyes met, he smiled.  Weakness overcame her muscles.  Her heard swirled and she thought she would faint.  “Hi Anna,” he said reaching for something in his jacket.
Suddenly, Skylar appeared behind the man and immediately Anna felt the grip on her arm release.  Skylar gave her a nod.  Anna made for the car trying to maintain her composure.
Anna opened the passenger door and slid inside.  She felt nauseous.  She noticed Nate was yet to arrive.  She sat alone for only another half minute before he slipped into the back and shut the door.  They both silently watched door number one.
Skylar burst through the doors and ran around to the driver’s side and jumped into the car.  It was already running and he put it in gear and peeled out.  He threw a radio, cell phone, and pistol into Anna’s lap.
“That’s his radio, turn the volume up,” he said.  “We won’t have much time before he’s able to get word out.  We need to hear what’s going on.”  Anna did as she was told.  “And put your seatbelts on,” Skylar kept glancing in the mirror.
In just under thirty seconds from when they left the airport, the radio blared to life. Orders were being given and it sounded as though ten people were trying to talk all at the same time.  Skylar merged onto the 129 highway and pushed the little red car to a high speed.  Anna grabbed onto her seat and held tightly.  Skylar’s face remained calm and he switched between looking straight ahead and into his mirrors.  “Does anybody need anything,” he asked, looking over at her.  “Perhaps a piece of gum, or a drink, I have a cooler in the back, Nate you should be able to reach it.”
“No thanks,” Anna muttered.  Nate stayed silent.  “Do you know where we’re going,” she asked.
“Yeah, Rock put me in touch with Wallace.  The old fart told me to meet him at some cabin.  It’s a couple hours drive.”  They merged onto the 321 and headed East.  Skylar had to slow down dramatically on this stretch of the road and it made Anna nervous that somehow their pursuers would catch up.  After they passed the small town of Townsend, the traffic gradually thinned and allowed them to push their speed to around 85.  Not more than ten minutes later Skylar shook his head after he looked into the mirror.  “Shit,” he said.  “Hold on.”
Anna shifted and glanced behind them, Nate did the same.  Two cars, a blue SUV and a white sedan were gaining on them.  They were moving well past 100mph as Skylar was starting to push past 90.  “Go faster,” she said, “they’re gaining.”
“Sorry hon, this is about as fast as this little thing is going to go, and we aren’t going to be outrunning them.”
“What are you going to do,” Nate said leaning up into the front.
“Hand me that gun,” Skylar said to Anna.  “If need be you’re going to have to steer.” He winked at her.  “Calm down, I’ve done this before.”  He set the car in cruise control and opened the sunroof.  “Keep her steady,” he said as Anna placed her hand on the wheel.  Skylar checked the gun and popped the safety.  “It’s gonna be loud, so don’t flinch.”
Anna watched straight ahead and made small moves with the wheel.  Nate was shuffling around in the back seat, “they’re gaining,” he said.  “Almost here.” 
“Shut up and get down,” Skylar scolded him. “Stay to the right now Anna,” Skylar told her and she gently eased the car to brush up against the shoulder. Skylar climbed out of the driver’s seat and turned around swinging his legs into the back.  He braced himself and popped his torso out the top of the car.  “Steady,” he called down.
Anna heard the first shots come from behind.  She felt little clinks hit the frame of the car.  Skylar had yet to fire.  
“What are you waiting for!”  She yelled.  
He didn’t respond.  She looked up at him and saw his arms perfectly straight, back braced against the car, one hand folded under the other and the gun cupped perfectly even.  They were been shot at and Skylar didn’t even seem to notice.  
Anna winced as Skylar’s gun fired.  She wiggled the car slightly but kept it straight.  She turned around to see the SUV barreling off the road then abruptly lose control and flip.   She turned back to the front and saw they were gaining quickly on a car in their lane.    
“Left lane, left lane,” Skylar called down to her.  Anna immediately switched.  But as she came over, a car coming the other direction sped directly for her.  She had no control over speed and cringed as they zoomed by the car on the right and then she whipped it over back into the right lane sending herself and Skylar slamming in that direction.  Somehow the car stayed upright and she leveled it out.  “Holy shit,” she heard Skylar comment.
The white sedan moved up directly behind them. Anna looked in the mirror and saw one man hanging out the back window aiming a pistol in their direction.  She saw it flare to life and the sound reach them just afterwards.  He missed everything.  “Left lane,” Skylar yelled.  Anna swung the car over to the other lane.  Skylar fired again, then once more.  The driver’s side front wheel of the white sedan exploded and the car pulled off the road heavily leaning to one side.  Skylar slid down and gently eased her back to the passenger’s side.
“Everyone ok,” he asked taking off the cruise control and bringing the car back into the right lane.  Nate brought his head up from the back and grunted.  Anna nodded.
“Good, that was certainly close wasn’t it?”  He smiled and tossed the gun over to her.  “Safety that, will ya?”
“Did you kill them,” Nate said.
“I shot their tires, it’s their fault if they couldn’t control their vehicle, not mine.  Besides, they shot first.”  Skylar reached into the door pocket and brought out a cigarette and lit it up.  “That was more than I expected though.  These guys really want you. I thought Rock was just over exaggerating like usual.  They generally tried to shoot us.”
Anna slowly brought her breathing back to normal, “thank you,” she said.  
“No need to thank me.  That was quite a bit of driving you did back there.  What do you say we calm down with some music?”  Skylar plugged in his phone and Anna laughed as the soundtrack to the Phantom of the Opera began to play.  “I love this shit,” he said. 
They drove for almost 2 hours without another incident.  The roads became less desirable whenever they turned off to head a different direction.  They skirted along the outside of the Great Smokey Mountains National Park as dusk crept over them and the stars twinkled in numbers greater than even in Nova Scotia.  Finally, Skylar turned onto an old dirt road.  It ran its course up into the mountains and great trees hung overhead blocking the sky.  It felt as though they were being eaten by nature.  If left alone, the forest would reclaim this road in just a few years.
To her surprise they turned off again, onto even a rockier and more unkempt road.  She was worried the little car wouldn’t make it and they’d be stuck walking in the dark.  “Not much farther now,” he said.
To his credit it wasn’t more than five more minutes.  They pulled up to an old wooden fence and parked next to a new red truck.  The house was much larger than Anna expected.  It sprawled over a small clearing, and didn’t look as worn down as she would have thought.  She half expected something like the place Rock had rented in Nova Scotia.  
The outside light flicked on and the door opened before they could even knock.  An old squat man, waddled out onto the porch.  Wallace hadn’t changed since the last time she’d seen him.
“Oh lovely Anna, come, come here,” he stepped forward.  Anna hugged him and stepped back.  “You must be Nate,” Wallace looked over at her assistant.  “I am Wallace Bimbi.”
“Pleasure to meet you sir,” Nate replied back.
“And you,” Wallace looked up at Skylar.  “You look different.”
“You just look ancient,” Skylar said.
“And you haven’t changed. I trust you had no problems getting here.”
“None,” Skylar replied, “the ride was smooth.”  Nate smirked.
“What, you had trouble?”
“I’ll tell you later, “ Anna said.  “But first, we have something to show you.”
Wallace led them inside and Anna felt like she stepped into another world.  The first thing she noticed was the bear skin rug, it felt soft beneath her feet and she slipped off her shoes to wiggle her toes.  She continued inwards as the foyer area merged with the living room where a great fireplace, though not lit at the moment, took center stage.  The great rocks that created the hearth were non-uniformed and rough.  It appeared as though natural forces had buried them together but she knew the design was the work of many long hours of some creative individual.  The sofa and chairs were oversized and draped in hand woven rugs while recessed lights gave the whole area a soft glow.  
She did notice the subtle touches of modern technology.  The television was built into the wall and could be hidden if desired.  The speakers and surround sound were built into the ceiling making the floor and walls free from long runs of cords and wiring.  There was only one computer in the room, stationed in the corner, on a wooden desk carved in a unique pattern.  The wood that made up the legs could have been plucked from a fallen tree and placed just right.  Overall, the place flowed beautifully.
“Is this yours,” Anna said to Wallace as she crushed into the couch, sinking into the soft, deep cushions.
“No, no.  This isn’t mine.  It is a friend’s who at the moment lives in California and hasn’t been here in over a year.  But I am free to use it as I wish.  I thought it would be a good place after speaking with Rock.  
“It’s remote enough,” Skylar worked his way into the conversation.  “But there’s one big problem I see.  There’s only one way in or out.”
“Nobody will find this place,” Wallace replied.  “And what could you have brought me that is so important they would even take the trouble to come all the way up here.” 
Silence filled the room.
Wallace glanced from person to person studying their expressions.  “I see,” he whispered.  “Then we best have a look.” 
Chapter 19
Boston, July 2012




Rock was well traveled.  He prided himself on having visited over fifty-two countries and domestically hit almost every region of the United States.  However, his work had never taken him to the historic city of Boston, Massachusetts.  Had circumstances been different, he might have even been excited about his first visit.  He was a huge US history buff and would love to be able to look around the city famous for helping spark the American Revolution.  But riding in the back of the Cooper’s car, tethered together at the wrists and ankles was less than appealing. They had come off once when they crossed the border but despite his protests, the Coopers slapped them back on not more than a couple miles afterwards.  Now, his skin was chafed and inflamed from the irritation.
He had learned very little about the two men as most of the 12-hour long ride passed in silence.  Presently, Malcolm drove while Michael slept in the passenger seat but he had just given his brother a nudge as they turned off the highway. After another turn, Rock realized they drove directly towards downtown, heading straight for the Massachusetts state house located on Beacon Hill, overlooking the famous Boston commons.  It was just past midnight and they passed by a few drunks stumbling home from the bars.  One man even leaned up against a light pole and started heaving in the street. 
“Maybe we should wait until morning,” Rock said.  “I don’t think we’re going to get a good look at this hour.”  Earlier they had bombarded him with questions about what he had found and even held up the small leather map they had taken from him.  They also had informed him of the various recorders they had placed in his truck and hotel room, playing certain sections to prove they knew everything that was going on.  Rock realized then that he had been very careless and naïve when it came to keep his discovery a secret.  
“We’re not going to go snooping around the state house in the middle of the night with flashlights.  Do you think we’re idiots?”  Malcolm retorted.  “We have a place to stay.”
Rock wanted to give a smart-ass answer but decided to remain silent. A few minutes later they pulled into a half empty parking lot.  Michael pulled out a folder and thumbed through many pages until he plucked out a sticker and pushed it up against the window.
“I take it you’ve stayed here before,” Rock said.
“We’ve stayed many places,” Michael replied.  “Now I’m going to take off those ties and you’re going to be a good boy.”  Rock nodded.
Michael took out Nate’s survival knife and cut through the ties.  Rock massaged his wrists. It felt good to finally be free of them.  He thought about running as soon as the ties around his ankles were cut but he needed to know if they had Anna and Sayla before trying to escape.  It could just be an empty threat meant to keep him docile but at the moment, he decided to stick around to see what this was all about.  That and he didn’t feel like getting shot.
Rock climbed out of the car once he was free from his bindings and stretched his arms and legs.  Michael came up next to him and grabbed his arm.  “Follow me, don’t make a sound, don’t look at anyone,” he muttered into Rock’s ear.  They entered an old brick building.  The front lobby looked to be as old as the city itself.  The floor was riddled with streaks from black sole shoes and the corners were filthy, piled with years of dirt nobody had bothered to clean out.  The front desk looked like it had sat vacant for some time.
“You guys really know how to live it up,” Rock made light of the situation gesturing towards the dusty counter.  Neither of the Cooper’s responded.
They took him up a stairwell that smelled of piss and stale air.  He wanted to hold his breath but couldn’t do it after passing the second floor.  They exited the next level up and walked down an empty hallway.  Rock wondered if anyone even lived here.  He had yet to see a sign of anything alive beside mouse droppings.  Malcolm stopped in the middle of the hall and put a key into the lock of an old green wooden door.  The number read 306. 
Rock stepped within as Malcolm turned on the lights and disabled a security system.  Once Rock’s eyes adjusted, he saw the place was immaculate.  The kitchen stood off to the right adorned in new, shiny, stainless steel appliances.  It overlooked a living room of modern design.  A large television, expensive hardly used sofas, and a small bar made it look more like something that belonged in a new development in California instead of surviving in this gritty old building.  Along the far wall rested a bank of four computer monitors, a large desk and filing cabinet.  Rock knew this was a hub for their organization.  An organization up until this point, he thought consisted of just a few individuals.
“Who are you guys,” he asked walking into the main room.  Malcolm shut and locked the door behind them, setting the security system back in place.  
“I told you before,” Michael began, “it’s better if you don’t know.  Though I’ll tell you we are very well connected.”
“I can see that.”  Rock started walking to peak into the bedrooms but stopped short.  “So what are you going to do with me as you sleep?”
“You’ll have the spare bedroom,” Michael said.  “There is no window and the door locks from this side, but it does have its own bathroom and television.”  Rock was pleasantly surprised. He thought he was going to be locked in a closet.
Malcolm came in from the kitchen, he tossed them both a beer.  “Time for bed.  We’re getting at this early tomorrow.  That one at the end of the hall on the right, is yours,” he said to Rock pointing down the hall.  
“I guess that’s my cue,” Rock popped his beer and took a sip.  He walked down the short hallway and into the bedroom.  Malcolm followed him.  
“Good night,” Malcolm said from the doorway once Rock seated himself on the bed.  He shut the heavy wooden door and turned the key in the lock. 
Rock looked around his space.  It was nice, like a glorified hotel suite.  The bed was queen size and looked clean, the television was new and mounted on the wall, and the closet was huge, though he had no idea where his clothes were at this point.  He peeked into the roomy bathroom complete with a large sunken tub and rose bubble bath.  He found that ironic.
Rock sat on the bed and finished off his beer.  He thought about looking for something to pick the lock with but decided against it.  He wasn’t even going to try and find a way out of his room.  He wanted to figure out more about the Cooper’s organization and their specific intentions.  And despite his hatred for both men, that meant staying with them a little longer.  He turned out the lamp and stuffed his feet under the covers.  He shut his eyes and saw Brett slumped over in Delega’s basement.  He immediately opened them as memories of their trips together flooded through him.  
“Not now,” he said to himself.  “Let it go for now.  Just for now.  It won’t do you any good for now.”  Rock took a few deep breaths and shut his eyes again.  This time, his mind let itself fall away.
Michael Cooper unlocked his door early in the morning.  Rock was already dressed, sitting on the edge of the bed.  “Good morning,” he said.  Michael looked surprised.
“Up already.  You should have let us know, we’ve been up for an hour.”
“As have I,” Rock replied.
“Well, come on, let’s have some breakfast.” Rock followed Michael into the kitchen.  A single plate of sweet rolls and a large bowl of fruit were laid out for him.  Malcolm had his back to them, sitting in front of the bank of computer monitors on the other side of the room.
“Are we heading to the state house this morning, or do we have other things to attend,” Rock asked.
“Just this, Rock.  This is all we have scheduled,” Michael responded.  
Rock smirked.  He didn’t understand why they were treating him like a friend.  But he’d let them do it and let them think it was working.  “Ok, I’m ready to go.  I should warn you not to expect anything the first day, it may take awhile to understand the code words and to understand exactly what we’re supposed to find.”
“I don’t expect miracles,” Michael said.
They were located just a few miles away from the commons and made it to the area in minutes.  The oldest city park in the United States was a flurry of activity, even early in the morning.  The daily exercise routines of the physical creatures of habit crawled along the many paths like ants.  Bicyclists and inline skaters moved through those people running and walking, darting around them like orange cones daring to get close enough until they actually hit somebody.  Rock hoped to see a collision.
They parked as close as they could get, which at the moment wasn’t close, and started walking.
“You seem distracted,” Michael said to him. 
Rock could hardly take the man seriously.  Up until this day he only saw either brother in button-up shirts and pants.  They always appeared professional and sharp, almost intimidating.  Today, they dressed down in khaki shorts and plain T-shirts with stupid sayings.  Michael’s read ‘You! Outta the Gene Pool’ and Malcolm’s an interesting, ‘Man Candy.’ They looked like tourists.  “I think you look ridiculous, that’s all,” he replied.
“You’re just jealous,” Malcolm said.
Rock was beginning to think these two had gone crazy.  There was no logical reason for their change in character.  But he didn’t say anymore about it and kept quiet as they walked the rest of the way to the State House.  
The building was impressive from the front, dominating the hill.  Its most striking feature was the golden dome, reflecting the morning sun in a brilliant display of light.  Michael suggested they take a guided tour to begin with but Malcolm and Rock wanted to go straight to the Northwest corner and have a look.  They walked into the building and Rock watched carefully as both Malcolm and Michael scooted through the metal detectors.  According to the machine, they were unarmed.
“Don’t get any ideas Rock,” Michael said.  “My phone is just as powerful as a gun.”
“I wouldn’t think of it,” he said.  But he was. A few steps later he paused, brow furrowed.  “Wait, this isn’t right.  This isn’t where we should be.”
“What are you talking about,” Malcolm said.
“Look at the map, we need to be somewhere else at noon.”  Malcolm took out the piece of leather and Rock snatched it from his hands.  He took a couple of steps backwards.  
Malcolm stared at him, “what are you doing?”
“I’m going to leave you now, just like you planned.”
Michael stood next to his brother.  “We’re that transparent.”
“You’re just not very good actors.  I know you wouldn’t bring me here if you didn’t expect me to leave.  You could do nothing to stop it, no guns or weapons and any violence would be seen and stopped, in which case you both would be under heavy scrutiny for past offenses.  I’m sure.  You haven’t tried to force anything from me, which means you don’t need anything from me.  You probably already have what you want, so I am leaving.”  
Michael smiled.  “You’re going to need this,” he flipped Rock his phone. 
Rock immediately tossed it back, “good try.  And I know you plan on tracking me.  You don’t think I can stay away from the find and eventually I’ll lead you to it.  But you’re wrong.”  Rock didn’t look back as he left the building.  The morning was still very early and he wanted to make it over to the Old State House by noon.  Luckily that was only a few blocks away and he could walk it with no problem.  
The Old State House was built in 1713 and is the oldest public building in Boston.  The State House he was coming from was finished in 1798, and by that time, the Oak Island treasure was already placed.
At the intersection of Washington St. and State, the old building rested.  It looked small and out of place as high-rise buildings made of glass shot up around it.  Sort of like a stump in the midst of a forest.  But it looked well kept by the Bostonian society.  
People walked feverously around the building, bunched together in groups.  Two subway lines met just below it ferrying people around the city.  The Old State House was now a museum, preserving the historical place where rested the seat of the first elected legislature in what is now the US.  It was also used for wedding ceremonies.
Rock looked upwards as he came to the building.  He had a couple of hours before noon and decided to have a look around the premises.  In his mind were the words, ‘first’ and ‘noon’ as he tried to figure out what exactly they meant.  He also kept repeating the small poem
. 
Of twenty men, the answer’s ten.
Of those ten hearts respond in parts.  
Part one to solve take three to sea.
Part two to free, respond with me

 He tried taking just the first letters or the last, converting the words to numbers and thinking of any well known text that could have used such language.  But nothing came to him.  This may be one of those codes that doesn’t break, he thought sadly.  
So, he resorted to taking the words at face value.  He came to the Boston State House, the North West corner, the first one and he’d be here at noon.  Maybe the poem would fall in place once he was here.  He walked around the outside, pausing at the Northwest corner.  He inspected the grounds, the brick, but decided he couldn’t hope for much as the building would have been restored after so many years.  If anything had been hidden on the outside, it would have been lost by now.  
He stepped inside the museum and started poking around.  Nobody stopped him or asked to help.  He blended in with the few tourists checking out this stop on the so call freedom trail.   There was a cool looking spiral staircase that led up to the second floor, the banister was polished wood while the rest stood out in brilliant white paint.  
Rock wasn’t allowed to go upstairs but poked around on the first level. He suddenly realized that is what the word ‘first’ may be referring to.  He always believed that things start falling into place when you get to a location.  He looked around for over an hour but nothing else popped out and he decided to grab something to eat before coming back at noon.  
When the clock struck twelve, Rock was standing outside at the Northwest corner.  He was hoping that something would come to him. But nothing did. Ten minutes passed and then thirty.  Soon he was sweating in the mid-day heat and had no clue what he was hoping for.
Frustrated, Rock decided to find some clothes and lodging for the evening.  He walked the streets, found suitable clothes for outrageous prices, located a decent motel and checked in. He turned on the television and thought about calling Sayla or Anna, but that’s exactly what they wanted him to do.  Somehow, he didn’t feel right about it and resisted the temptation.  He might try them in a few days. He didn’t want to play into the Cooper’s hands this early.
An advertisement roared at him from the television set.  It talked about a concert series in the park coming on the 1st of August, a full week from today.  Then it came to him.  “The first,” he said aloud, “first of the month, noon.”  He smiled and felt his skin tingle as blood rushed quickly through his body.  “We have a location and we have a time.  That’s definitely a start.”
Chapter 20
Knoxville, July 2012




Wallace bit his lower lip.  He hunched over the ancient text in complete concentration and would occasionally mumble to himself.  The stone tablet was laid out to his side, as was his writing pad, littered with notes and translations.  Anna watched him with amazement having never seen anyone work so relentlessly.  He was completely immersed.  She would force him to take breaks for fear he would overstrain himself.  He’d been at it for three days with little rest. Two colleagues joined him, one, an astro-physicist named Marcus Redman, was a squirrelly looking fellow with red hair.  The other was Kiara Toudrey, a young African American mathematician with blond highlights.  Anna didn’t put her much past thirty years old.  They would whisper, then shout and then become deafly quiet.  They acted as though Anna weren’t even there. 
Nate stood next to her, “I’m thinking that maybe we should do something, like go to Boulder, check that out.  I’m kinda bored.”
“It’s been three days.  Relax and enjoy this place, it’s the vacation we desperately needed.”  Anna replied. “I actually feel safe here.”  The cabin did offer an environment of seclusion.  They were the only ones for miles around.  She preferred to have Skylar close by but at the moment he had left to pick up two more academic friends of Wallace.  One was bringing a computer system with the latest in translation software.  Wallace claimed with its computing power they’d be able to scan in the work and complete the translations in much less time.  He claimed the accuracy of the machine was commendable, especially with full knowledge of Egyptian hieroglyphs.
“The reason I want to go to Boulder is because I finally got a message back.  He gave me a phone number, told me to call it once I got into town,” Nate’s voice brought her back.
“I haven’t decided what we’re going to do next.  But when I hear from Rock, I’ll let him know we might go to Boulder,” she told him.  But she hadn’t heard from Rock since leaving Nova Scotia.  That worried her.  
“Anna, Anna darling,” Wallace’s came over to her.  “Would you care to make us a pot of tea?”  He looked tired.
“It would be my pleasure,” she said.  They both walked into the kitchen.  Wallace pointed to one of the taller cabinets, “up there,” he said.  “This place didn’t have the short and old in mind when they built it.”  She was a good three of four inches taller than him and much more nimble.  She reached the packets without a problem.  
“How are things going,” she asked.
“Amazing,” he said.  “I’ve seen very little like it before though the symbols seem familiar, I can’t place them.  Once we get the language software here, we’ll move much faster.  What’s most fascinating about the book is that it was written by a man the Mayan’s considered to be a God.  It is written by the hand of Kukulcan himself though I believe it to be a transcription of his actual writing.”
“So he wasn’t a God then, just a man.”
“Oh, to them he was a God.  But what’s so strange about him is that he is depicted as a bearded white man, and this was long before the Spanish ever made it to the American shores.  He is credited with the calendar and much of the astronomy that the Mayans were well known for.  It’s a strange myth, I’ll tell it to you in full sometime.”
“I’d like that,” she replied.
“He is a very important deity in their religion and has common features with many other characters in other religions around the world.”
“Have you been able to translate anything yet, for sure?”
“Absolutely,” he began, “but it is a slow process.  Only small chunks here and there.  If I set my mind to it, I could finish off the stone plate and have a full reading in a few days, through the Mayan and Egyptian writing.  But once the program gets here, we just scan it in and we’ll have a readout I will trust.”
“Just like that,” Anna said.
“It was developed early this year, they call it STUDI.” Wallace replied, “ and it’s been put through the motions, very few errors.”
“What does STUDI stand for?”
“Symbolic textual universal decoding instrument.” 
“That’s a mouthful.”
“It is.  But the program itself is amazing.”
“How does something like that work?”
“Well, it may seem like language translation is something a computer cannot grasp unless it has the entire set of both languages, or a firm and broad starting point.  But that’s not entirely true.  Languages and writing arises in a familiar and similar form from culture to culture.  Of course independently arisen, two separate forms will look nothing similar but structurally can be linked.  This has been found even though some cultures use alphabetic type writing systems while others use pictorial and glyph writing structures.  Either way, one can always find a point of reference.  Some say we never would have learned to read the Egyptian hieroglyphs without the Rosetta stone.  But, at this point, our understanding of language and writing structure has come to the point where we would have been able to infer a few of the symbols, plugged them into a program and have at least a basic understanding, which would be built upon until the full system would reveal itself.”
“Ok,” Anna said.  “That’s your department.”
Wallace laughed.  “Let’s just say with what you’ve brought me, we’ll crack the language of that book in a few days once we process all the information.  Something like this five years ago would have taken months if not years.”
“What about the missing pages,” she asked.
Wallace frowned.  “That’s a misfortune.  And like you pointed out, they were deliberately taken, cut from the book, not lost or a process of wear.  My guess is that they go along with the mathematic equations, physics and astronomy in the back.  That’s a language I’m not too familiar with, but my colleagues will know more soon.  They are further along than I am right now.  Familiar equations jump out much faster.”
Anna was confused.  “What kind of familiar equations?”
“Since they aren’t 100% sure yet, I shouldn’t say anything.  But preliminarily they think they’ve found equations similar to the Pythagorean theorem and even Einstein’s e equals mc squared.  And at the moment they are questioning the age of the book.”
“They think it’s fake?  Then why are people chasing us and shooting at us to get it.”
“I don’t know,” Wallace said, “but the answers should come soon.  I should get back, let me know when that tea is ready.”
“I will.”  Anna had a full pot of water heating over the stove.  Wallace walked back into the other room.  Anna smirked to herself.  If that book proved to be authentic then one of the greatest achievements of modern society, made by Albert Einstein, would have already been known thousands of years ago.  That would surely be one of the most startling discoveries of all time.
Skylar arrived the following night with two more people.  He also came with food, drinks, movies and three air mattresses.  She could have hugged him for that.  She and Nate would have to share a room now and it wouldn’t do for them to be sleeping in the same bed.  
“Hey woman,” Skylar met her.
“Nice greeting,” she returned.
“Anything happen since I’ve been gone.”  He had driven to Nashville and stayed, waiting for Wallace’s people to arrive.  He didn’t trust the Knoxville airport.  
“Not much, Wallace is waiting for the program.”
“Well, it’s here,” he held out his hand as the two new people, one man and one woman took a few cases from the back of the truck.  They smiled as they passed her but their hands were too full for introductions.
She and Nate helped Skylar unload the rest of the truck.  When they were done, they meandered into the living room where a dozen laptop computers were being strung along the desks like a makeshift war room.  She looked at Wallace who was standing out of the way.
“They’re linking them right now,” he said.
“You mean network,” Nate replied.
“Yes, yes network,” Wallace looked out of place.  He motioned for one of the new people to come over.  A young man in his late thirties jogged over from the computer set-up.  Wallace put his hand on the man’s shoulder.  “Anna, this is Manuel Garcia, Manuel, this is Anna Riley.  She and her ex-husband found the items.”
Manuel looked Mexican except for his blue eyes.  He held out his hand.  Anna smiled.  “Pleasure to meet you,” she said.
“Likewise,” he replied.
“Manuel operates the STUDI.  He’s also a historian, emphasis in ancient texts.  His assistant,” Wallace pointed to a woman around the same age as Manuel.  “Natasha is an anthropologist mainly interested in descriptive linguistics.  They are going to help me crack the story here in record time.”
“I hope so,” she said.  “Cause if this is authentic, there are some strange questions that need answering.”
“So I’ve heard,” Manuel replied softly.  An awkward silence sat between the four of them.  
“Well, we better get back to work Manuel,” Wallace pulled him away.
“Is there anything you want us to do,” Anna asked before they completely turned around.
“I don’t think so Anna.  Just keep thinking doll.  Fresh ideas are always the best.”  Wallace turned his back and started whispering with Manuel.  Anna felt like a waste of space.  They were going to continue on with the translation of the book and delve into its pages and secrets and they were much better suited to do it than she.  There was little she could do here but wait and listen.  
“You’re thinking twice about going to Boulder now aren’t you,” Nate said softly as they made their way into the kitchen.  “What about the relaxing vacation?”
“I think I’ve had enough of it.  Get Skylar, tell him we’re going.”  
Chapter 21
Boston, August 2012




“He hasn’t called her yet,” Malcolm said.  “I told you we shouldn’t let him prance around on his own.  I could have forced the location from him by now, everyone has breaking point.”
“You’re wrong. I know the type,” Michael replied. “What we’re doing has the best chance to succeed.  Just be patient.”  He had to admit, though, Rock was frustrating.  They followed him everywhere and listened in on his conversations but so far, he had done nothing but lead them down false paths.  Rock Tilton was simply being a tourist.  He’d visited many of the historical sights, including the Old North Church, the Boston Tea Party Museum, and just about every stop along the Freedom Trail.  He’d even seen a Red Sox game at Fenway Park.  The last five days wasn’t what Michael had in mind when he let Rock go free.  
Malcolm looked down at his phone as it alerted him of an incoming text.  He sighed.
“What now?” Michael sensed something was wrong.
“Delega’s packing up,” Malcolm said.
“Excuse me.  Are they not letting him back on the island?”
“No, they’re allowing him back but he’s packing up his things.  He’s not interested anymore.”
“So he knows something.  I guess the book and plate that Nate and Sayla talked about are the real thing.  Rock truly has the rose.  We can’t let this go on much longer.”
“The rose is in play,” Malcolm agreed. “Now Rock is our only lead, so we’ll need to grab him again.”
“I don’t think that’s the best way to handle it.”
“We’ve tried your way, and he’s just putzing around.  He knows we’re watching him and as long as he does, he’s not going to do anything.”
“He won’t give anything up by hurting him.”
“Pain has a funny way of opening paths you think are closed.”  Malcolm grinned.  Unlike Michael, he enjoyed that kind of thing.
“I supposed it’s not up to us now anyhow, Gavin and his little group will assume control.”
“They’re going to fuck us up too,” Malcolm said.  “Watch.  If we stay in this thing we are just as likely to get swept under the table.  We should probably cut our losses and disappear.”
He had a point.  Michael had been on the other end of this situation a few times.  Gavin Burr, his immediate superior, wasn’t the most merciful individual.  He’d have them killed for no reason other than to be able to blame someone.
“Do we even tell him,” Malcolm suggested.
“Yes, though I’m guessing he already knows most of it.”
“True.” Malcolm’s phone buzzed at his side.  He answered it.  After a moment he turned his head towards Michael.  “Rock’s on the move, he’s headed towards the Old State House.”
“Go get him,” Michael realized his brother was right.  They couldn’t afford to lose their only lead now.  With Anna Riley gone missing in Tennessee and Sayla somehow avoiding them, Rock was it.  “Let me know when you get him, I’m going to have a chat with Gavin.”  Malcolm nodded, stepped by him and left.
Michael took a deep breath and settled in on the sofa.  He took out his phone and scrolled down the list until Gavin’s name appeared on the register.  He thumbed the call button a moment and then pushed it.  He held it up to his ear.
“I’ve been waiting for your call,” Gavin’s scratchy voice didn’t even bother with the formalities of a normal conversation.  They were beyond that now.  “The others want an update.”
“How much do they know?”
“Everything I do.”
“I didn’t think you were going to tell them everything, yet.”
“I don’t answer to you,” Gavin grumbled.
“Ok,” Michael didn’t like how this was starting out.  “My estimates before on how likely it is that the rose is in the open may have been somewhat off.  Delega is leaving Oak Island and that move leads us to believe that Rock is in control of the rose.  But we still have eyes on Rock, he’s still in check.”
“Under control you say.  In check?  That’s not the word coming back to me.”
“Since Malcolm and I are heading the operation here, who may I ask have you been talking to?”
“If you must know, some of the others don’t trust you as much as I.”
“That comes as no surprise.”
“As a result, they receive reports directly.  The word is the rose is in the open, Anna Riley is missing and Rock is roaming Boston free as a bird and you have no fucking idea where the damned shit is!”
“That’s bullshit!”  Michael spat into the receiver.  “You will not heap this all on my shoulders.  The only way we even have a lead on this is because of our foresight to carefully monitor Rock.  Anybody else and you’d be up a fucking creek.”
Gavin was silent for a moment.  “I think you and your brother should come back to Florida before you fuck anything else up.”
“Is that an order?”
“It’s a friendly suggestion.”
Michael knew what he meant.  The old man wasn’t even trying to hide it. “So what’s the plan Gavin?  Is it time to eliminate us?  What old piece of shit is calling the shots down there?”
“As I said before I don’t answer to you, my orders need no explanation.”
“You’re obviously not in control, you never have been.  Whose cock are you sucking now?”
“You don’t speak to me like that!” Gavin yelled back, his voice laced with anger.  “And truthfully I think you’ve fucked this whole thing up from the beginning.  I was wrong to ever listen to you.”
 “You’re spineless.”
“That’s all I can take Michael,” his voice changed to become soft and calm.  “If I were there, you’d be regretting your words.  You have overstepped your boundaries one too many times.”
“If you lose me, you lose any chance at finding the rose.” Michael shot back.  “I think you know that.”
“It’s not up to me.  I defended you but after this conversation I’m starting to believe you’ve lost your mind.  But if you must know the decision has come from the majority.  Your intentions have come into question.”
“My intentions?  What are those?  I’ve only ever done my part, and better than most I might add.”
“Some believe you conveniently let the rose into the open.”
“Political bullshit, Gavin.  You know it.  I’ve done nothing wrong.  Neither has Malcolm.”
“How am I to know that?  You had every chance to prevent this but maybe the chance to hold the rose over our heads was too much for you to pass up.”
“What the fuck does that mean?”
“What would happen if you came into its possession, nobody is sure of what you would do with it.”
Michael was totally confused.  “My loyalty to a hypothetical situation, which has little chance of coming to pass is a discussion topic at your all important meetings.  That’s the stupidest thing I’ve ever heard.”  Michael got up and started pacing.  “I’m not coming back to Miami,” he said.  “I know the ending to that story.”
“You know the ending to the story if you break away, and that would be your choice if you don’t report back here. ”
“I know too much Gavin, don’t push me.”
“Is that a threat Michael?”
“You can take it how you want to.”
“What do you think you know?”
“Enough, do you really care to test me?”
Silence sat between them for a moment.  Michael thought he lost the signal until Gavin spoke silently.  “You know the punishment if you disobey.”
“It’s the same either way.”
“Very well.”  Gavin hung up.
Michael threw the phone against the wall, shattering the electronics.  “Fuck!  What the hell was that?”  He punched the cushions of the sofa.  “Not good, not good,” he repeated to himself.  Malcolm was right.  “Ok, what’s the alternate,” he said, “what now?”
He happened to look up towards the far wall and saw the computer monitors flickering from one security camera to the next.  Three men charged through the hallways. Their conversation had gone exactly how Gavin had thought it would. The old man’s contingency plan was already set in motion.  Michael hopped over the couch and ran into the bedroom.  He grabbed two handguns and swiftly loaded them while running back to the front.  He dove to the side as a single bullet smashed through the lock.  A second put a hole in the wood and sailed towards the far side of the room.  Someone kicked in the door.  The heavy wood smashed inwards violently, lodging the handle into the drywall.  
A deep voice called through the opening.  “Michael, come out without any quick movements and we’ll sort this out later.  Or we can come in and get you.  Your choice.”
Michael leaned out from the behind the wall, stomach pressed firmly to the ground.  He fired twice towards the door and sprang back.  He had just given his answer.
Chapter 22
Colorado, August 2012




The reason Anna came to Boulder was simple, to find out about Malcolm Cooper and the organization he worked for.  The gold ring was the key.  The solitary rose etched into its band held great significance and she needed to figure out why.  Hopefully, the seller had answers.
They made the drive from the Denver airport to Boulder in under an hour.  Nate insisted on using the GPS navigation system though Anna already knew the way.  As an avid skier in her younger years she had been a frequent visitor to the small mountain town.  But that was almost a decade ago, though it seemed much longer and if she ever picked up the hobby again, she’d likely have to learn it from the beginning.
As they drove through the city, she realized it hadn’t changed much.  It was bigger, of course, adding a collection of comforts and convenience that catered towards the city dweller.  But the natural, earthy feel was still there and in just a few minutes she could be hiking or climbing without a building in sight.  At heart, she knew this was the type of place she could call home.
They passed out of town on a two way street called Canon View Road and followed the steady path for a few miles snaking up into the mountains.  Finally, Anna spotted the wooden mailbox they were told about.  She couldn’t miss the large carved form of a grizzly bear, mouth agape, asking for letters and correspondence.
“This is the place,” she said.  Nate turned onto the long driveway that worked its way through giant blue spruce trees on either side.  It eventually stopped, coming to a rest in front of a four-car garage tucked underneath a beautiful cabin style house.  She could already see the immense valley spread out behind the structure, overlooking the mountain’s peaks, spiraling towards the sky.  She was slightly jealous.
They moved to the door and knocked, waiting underneath a wooden arch hanging high over their heads.  The door opened and a scrawny young man peered at them.  He had the beginnings of a beard and wavy blond hair, uncombed.  But that was the style.  He kind of reminded her of Nate.
“Hi, are you here to see the ring,” he said.  His voice was high for a young man.
“Yes we are. I’m Anna.  This is Nate.”
“Come on in, I’m Randy,” he opened the door full and let them pass inside.  The floor plan was wide open.  They stepped directly into the living room that opened up to a beautiful ornate kitchen on their left.  A bank of windows overlooking a lush valley occupied the far wall.  Anna gasped at the view.  
“This is gorgeous,” she said. 
“Thanks, you can have a seat, I’ll get the ring.”  Randy slid into the other room while Nate and Anna sat in a large oversized leather couch.  A neatly carved wooden coffee table rested in front of them.  
The young man came back in, carrying a small container.  He knelt on the opposite side of the table.  He set the box on the surface and opened it.  Anna peered at the ring.  It was identical.
“That’s it,” she said to Nate.  “That’s the ring Malcolm Cooper wears.”  She looked up at Randy.  “Where did you get this,” she asked.
“It was my grandfathers, he passed away three weeks ago.”
“I’m sorry,” she said quickly.  “May I ask why you are selling it?”
“I was going through his stuff and well, he never told anyone where he got it or what it was from.  He would only say that it was the biggest mistake of his life and that he’d never wear it again.  So I figured I didn’t need it and he didn’t want it so why not get some money for it and see it off.”
“So he never told you anything about it.”
“Nope.”
“What about your mother, or father, would they know?”
“They’re both dead.  They died when I was three, my grandfather looked after me.”
“Oh, I’m sorry.”
“That’s ok,” Randy stood up.  “So do you want it?”
“Actually, we were hoping for more of the story behind the ring, what it stood for, who gave it to you, that kind of thing.  We’d like to know what it is before buying it.”
Randy frowned.  “I don’t know anything.  Sorry.”
“Well, did your grandfather keep any documents, papers about things.  Maybe a journal, diary,” Nate asked.
Randy started nodding, “you know I think he kept a journal but I haven’t read it, of course.  I suppose I could go through it and see if he says anything about it.  It’s upstairs in his things, I’d have to look for it.”
“Could you, we have a plane to catch this evening and would love to see this go through by then.”
“I’ll go have a look,” he said.  “Help yourself to something to drink, there are sodas and water in the fridge.”  Randy ran upstairs.
“You do realize how much he wants for the ring,” Nate said to her.  
She didn’t need reminding.  “If we get the information, then I’ll decide I don’t want it.  But there’s no need to let him in on that right now.  Besides, I don’t think he needs the money, I’m guessing his grandfather did pretty well and left everything to him.”  Nate just nodded.  Anna picked up the ring and slipped it over her finger.  It was much too large.  The carving was exquisite.  The gold was faded but a good polishing would bring it back to life.  She put it back in the case as Randy came down the steps once again. 
“Found it,” he said waving a black book above his head.  “His journal.  Now I just have to find out what exactly the biggest mistake of his life was.”  The young man sat in a chair across from them and opened the book.  He started skimming through pages.  “I’ll have to read this whole thing when I get the chance, my grandfather was very secretive.  But if you bear with me, I’ll try skimming to see if he says anything about it.”
“Take your time,” Anna said.  She got up and started walking around the living room.  She stopped at the bay windows and stared out over the valley.  She didn’t see any wildlife at the moment but she could tell it was there.  The land appeared to be mostly undisturbed habitat.  Behind her, Nate closed his eyes and rested in the couch.  Somehow he could get comfortable wherever he found himself.
Fifteen minutes passed and Randy finally broke from his reading.  “Ok, I think I found something,” he said.  “My grandfather was in the Korean War, and here, June 20th, 1952 he wrote something interesting.  It’s been quiet around here recently.  A week ago we went out on a patrol and came across some old ruins.  They looked ancient.  We were told to leave them alone but some of the guys insisted on looting the site.  So I joined them and found a set of really old stone plates.  They look Egyptian but I can’t tell, I figure they’ll be worth something back in the states, we’ll see.”  He flipped the page and kept reading.  “July 12th, 1952.  Something odd happened today.  A civilian, on base, approached me.  He wanted to see the plates I had from the looting almost a month back.  I denied it of course, but he said he wasn’t interested in any kind of punishment but wanted to check them for monetary value.  He seemed very interested.”  He flipped two more pages.  “July 18th, 1952.  The civilian cornered me again.  He said it would be worth my time if he could get a look at the plates.  He handed me $250 cash, told me he’d be back again next week and there would be more where that came from.  I think this may have value for me in the future.  We’ll see how much I can extract from him.”
“This is shaping up to be quite the story,” Nate said.  “Does he get to anything about a ring?” 
Randy didn’t respond and flipped a few more pages.  “August 1st, 1952.  The civilian’s name is Piper, he said he’s part of an organization called the keepers of the rose and that they help keep in tact, ancient valuables.”
“Read that again,” Anna said.  She looked to Nate and he too was intently staring at the boy.
“What?”
“The organization part, what was it called?”
“Ahh, it says, the keepers of the rose.  Like the rose on the ring.”
“The keepers of the rose,” Nate repeated. “I’ll look it up when we get back.  That could be something,” he said to her.  Anna smiled.
“Keep reading,” she urged the boy to continue.
Randy picked up where he left off.  “I let him look at the plates and he offered me $5,000, for them.  I’m suspicious how an organization devoted to ancient artifacts has money to do under the table dealings of this amount.  Something’s not right.  August 10th, 1952.  I don’t even know what Piper does on base or if he’s even supposed to be here.  He found me again and asked about the plates.  I confronted him about the questions I had.  He told me that they could use a man like me in their organization.  He said they needed smart soldiers.  He told me to hang on to the plates and that once I got state side to take them somewhere in Florida in order to get the most monetary value for them.  He gave me a company name, Barrion Imports Exports and the name of an individual, Harrison Burr, and then he gave me a ring that I was supposed to present when I got there.  It’s solid gold with a rose engraved on it. I don’t know if I’ll do it or not.  We’ll see.”  Randy paused for a moment. “So I think that’s the same ring.”
Anna ignored his last comment.  “Harrison Burr and Barrion Imports, Exports,” she said aloud.  “Why does that sound familiar?”  
“Because Barrion is Sayla’s last name,” Nate swallowed. “And her father and uncle ran a business in Florida.”
“Oh shit,” she said.
“Yeah, oh shit,” Nate repeated.  “Uncle Harrison.”
“That certainly isn’t a coincidence,” Anna cringed.  Rock had been duped.  They all had been.
“So you know somebody, that’s cool.”  Randy interrupted.  “You could probably put more of the story together by asking them.  I wonder what ever happened to the plates, my grandfather never mentioned them.”
“I can make a guess,” Anna said.  “But we might find out if you keep reading.  Can you skip ahead, maybe find if he wrote about ever going to Florida.”
“Sure, give me a few minutes.”  Randy started paging ahead.  He quickly came to the end.  “He’s still in Korea at the end here, but there’s more boxes up stairs, maybe he had more books.  I’ll go check.”  Randy ran upstairs again.
“When did you last speak with her,” Anna asked Nate once Randy was out of earshot.
“Yesterday, on her new cell phone.”
“And,” Anna urged.
“And I told her we were coming here, and I told her about the cabin in Tennessee though not specifically where since I don’t even know.  I told her we were with Wallace and a couple of his friends and about Skylar.  She basically knows everything.  Now that I think about it, she was asking a lot of questions.”
“So she knows we’re here.”  
“Yeah.”  Nate nodded.  His eyes focused behind her and his face suddenly became alert. “And we’re not alone.”
Anna whipped her head around to check the front door.  Two large shadows lingered on the other side.  Then someone began pounding.        
Chapter 23
Boston, August 2012




Rock left his hotel and once again strolled towards the Old State House. He glanced about, wondering if he’d see the Coopers or any member of their organization sticking out like a sore thumb.  So far, he had no luck identifying those that tracked him.  But he knew they were there, lurking.  It didn’t make sense for them not to be.
He looked at his watch.  It read 11:50am.  Ten minutes. He picked up his pace, feeling a quick rush of energy as the appointed time drew near.  He didn’t know what exactly he would be looking for, but at noon he’d be in place to find out. When he arrived, he edged along the West side of the building, looking at the old brick, restored at some point in the past as it still held to a true rust red in color.  Eventually, he came to a stop at the corner.  Here, Washington Street met State but more importantly it was the northwest part of the building.  It was the first of the month and it was noon.  Now what?  His first instinct was to look for shadows but with the change in skyline and atmosphere, it would be difficult to tell whether a shadow was the same as it was a couple hundred years ago.  Most likely they wouldn’t be.  
Rock stepped closer to the building itself, checking the bricks along the corner.  He kicked the dirt around the edge a couple of times and thought about digging at the exact spot but that wouldn’t end well.  Also, it was unlikely anything was in the ground, nothing pointed to that conclusion.  His mind turned to one of his original thoughts, which he had dismissed early on.  Perhaps he was to meet someone at this place, at this moment.  But who?  The amount of time that passed between the original set up and today was too great to have come through generations without being corrupted or lost along the way.  That would be a foolish plan to set in motion.  Something that was deemed this important wouldn’t have been left to individuals that were yet to be born.  But then again, here he was, playing a part.
He looked at his watch.  It read 12:02pm.  Noon had passed without incident.  He decided to move inside and check the Northwest corner, interior of the building.  He didn’t think it would have changed much over the last week but he was here and he might as well check everything or he’d always wonder. 
Inside, the building remained exactly the same.  The same displays, the same dark lighting, the same stiff workers eyeing him as he made his way around the artifacts and plaques.  He paused at the corner and looked around.  There was nothing new here, again.  He was wasting his time.  Whatever was here, if anything, was lost or taken a very long time ago.  He needed to do something worthwhile and the only thing he could think of was finding a way to contact Anna and Wallace.
Rock decided his next move would be to lose his trackers.  He’d check out of his hotel and begin a citywide tour using various public transportation stations.  He’d start with the subway, then use the bus lines and taxis.  He’d enter and exit malls filled with thousands of people, business centers and office buildings.  He’d go in one way and then out another.  He’d change outfits while inside and do it often enough there would be no way to keep eyes on him.  Then he’d go somewhere isolated and watch to make sure he was alone.  And after he was clear, he would contact Anna.
Rock took one last look around him.  Nothing came.  He was out of ideas.  He sighed at the thought of leaving empty handed but knew he had to move on. 
As he came out of the threshold and into the light he noticed a young man at the corner, harassing people.  He would lean in as they passed by and say something.  Most of the people sneered at him and kept walking.  A few stopped only to continue on a few moments later looking confused.  Rock stopped one of them.
“Excuse me,” the woman looked up at him, she wore the look of impatience on her tight face.  “What did he say to you?”
“I don’t know.  I don’t care to listen.  He’s one of those lunatics.  He’s here once every month or so, I don’t pay any attention to them much.”  She didn’t wait for an answer and kept walking.
Once a month.  
Rock quickly approached the young man.  “Excuse me,” Rock said.  
“Hi,” he said back rather pleasantly.  The young man couldn’t even be thirty years old. He was African American, with short-cropped hair and an athletic build.  Rock could tell just by looking in his eyes he was intelligent.
“What are you asking people?”
“Just a couple of simple questions.”
“Simple?”
“Yeah, like if say I had one hundred and twenty men I called friends, how many of them could be considered honest?”
Of twenty men the answer’s ten.
“Sixty,” Rock said.
The young man lost his smile and gently nodded his head.  “Correct,” he responded.
“And let’s say of those sixty honest friends, how many have the capability of heart to truly put another’s interest ahead of their own?”
Of those ten hearts respond in parts.  Part one to solve take three to sea.
“Eighteen,” Rock responded after doing the elementary math.
The young man swallowed hard.  Rock could see the sweat gathering at his brow.  “Correct.”  He paused.  “Final question.”  They intently stared at one another, both wanting to say the same thing and ask the man across from them the questions screaming to come out.  But they waited, intent on finishing the ritual set forth hundreds of years ago.  The young man finally continued, “of those eighteen, how many could I trust with my life?”
Part two to free respond with me.
“Just me,” Rock said.
“Let’s hope.  I’m Benji,” the boy held out his hand.
Rock reached into his back pocket and took out his wallet.  He started thumbing through and took out a couple of dollars.  He placed it in Benji’s outstretched hand.  “Take it,” he said.  “Decide a time this evening and a place, I’ll meet you.”
Benji grasped the two dollars and stuffed it in his pants.  He looked down and scratched his head.  “Boston Beer Works, across from Fenway, 9ish,” he muttered.
Rock put his wallet away and turned his back, “Done, see you then.”  He walked away.  He glanced back once before disappearing into the subway tunnels and was happy to see Benji continuing with his harassment.  Rock was right.  The boy was smart.  
He climbed on the subway and took a seat on a rather empty car. He rested his head against the glass behind him and wanted to shout in excitement.  Somehow, a meeting had been set up over 300 years ago for two people who didn’t even exist and that date has now been fulfilled.  The planning and dependability was a game of trust that somehow avoided corruption through countless generations.  It was astonishing and Rock couldn’t fathom the dedication it took to come to this point.
The rest of the day, he shuffled between the subway, public buses and cabs.  He stopped in various shopping malls and business buildings entering one way and coming out another.  He changed clothing and bags and even sported a red sox hat simply to blend in. If they could follow him through this, he would be impressed.  But then he couldn’t think of any reason why Malcolm and Michael just let him so easily move beyond their reach.  Perhaps they already had what they needed and he was deemed useless.  If that was the case, it didn’t bode well for Anna.   
As the sun fell beneath the horizon, Rock made his way towards Fenway Park.  The building was old and in bad need of repair.  But as a historical stadium it would be hard to tear down.  Also, the people here didn’t want any more taxes than what they already had.  
He found the Boston Beer Works without a problem.  It belonged here.  The front was run down and looked old and faded.  But when he walked in, he was pleasantly surprised.  The place was busy.  On every wall there were at least three televisions, pushing some sport.  Most were baseball, but there were some beginnings of Olympic coverage, some football analysis, and even soccer.  That particular sport had grown fast in the last few years.  
He casually walked through the bar, looking for Benji.  Rock was almost an hour early but he expected the young man to be here, waiting in anticipation.
“Over here,” he heard a voice shout.  Rock found him tucked into a booth, in the corner.  There was a pitcher of light colored beer and two glasses.  “I hope you don’t mind I ordered for both of us.”
“Not at all,” Rock sat down across for him. He started pouring himself a drink, realizing how very thirsty he was.  He took a big swig and set down the glass.  “Well, Benji.  I’m Rock Tilton.”
“It’s nice to meet you Rock.  Where do we begin?”
“We should probably just get to the point.  I need help.”
“With what?”
Rock took out the old piece of leather and slapped it in front of Benji.  “Translating this,” he flattened it so his new acquaintance could see the marks.  “This is where you come in, no?”
Benji didn’t answer for a moment, studying the map in front of him.  “I never thought this day would come under my watch,” he said.  “To be perfectly honest I didn’t think this day would ever come to anybody, I was just doing this to honor a promise I made.”      
“A promise to whom,” Rock asked
“A professor of mine.  He taught history at BC.  When he retired he told me I was his best student and he had something to ask of me.  He said he needed someone young who was planning to stay in the area and I already had a job lined up after I graduated, so I told him sure.  He made me promise, and then handed off the responsibility.”
“So you know why I’m here.”
“Not really.  But I know it’s important and I think I have what you need.”  He looked down again.  “I can translate what that says, but after that, I have no idea.”
“Well, what does it say?”
Benji took a small sip and looked across, staring Rock in the eyes.  “First, I need to know everything.  That includes, who you are, how you came by this, why the hell did you scare the shit out of me today by running off and most importantly, what’s in it for me?”
Rock knew this was coming.  Nobody gives up the only leverage they have without something in return.  “Fair enough, let me start from a few months ago.  But first, have you ever heard of Oak Island?”
“Nope,” Benji replied.
“I think we’re going to be here awhile,” Rock leaned back and took another swig of beer, emptying his glass.  He let it fall hard to the table.  “Let me start from the beginning.”
Chapter 24
Colorado, August 2012




The doorframe shook, threatening to splinter under the heavy pounding.  Anna shot to her feet and scanned the room for a place to hide. But it was already too late.  They knew she was here.
Above them, Randy bounded down from the second floor like a teenager ready for the weekend and tossed two books on the coffee table.  “Found a couple more,” he said.  “You can start reading them, I gotta see who’s here.”  Anna quickly picked up the books and tossed them to Nate.
“Get to the back of the house. Get that information to Rock and if not, get it to Wallace and tell him everything.”  
Nate tensed.  She could tell he wasn’t going anywhere.  “I’m not leaving you,” he said.
“Then you’re a fucking idiot.  We can’t do much if we both get caught.  Go!”  Nate frowned but then scurried out of sight.
Anna turned as Randy open the door.  Immediately, one man pushed inside and knocked the boy to the ground.  A second man entered adding a violent kick to his stomach.  Randy writhed on the floor, gasping for air.  
The first man quickly scanned the room and found her.  Her heart jumped at the connection.  His muscles bulged underneath a tight white t-shirt.  The overhead lights reflected off a slick, bald scalp.  Behind him, a smaller man waited.  He looked foreign with a thick eyebrow that spanned the width of his forehead and the beginnings of a dirty mustache.
 “Anna Riley.”  The first man said.  “There are a few people who’d like to have a word with you.”
“Malcolm?”
“He and his brother are no longer making any decisions seeing how they let you get this far.”  Anna didn’t like that.  She knew Malcolm had a soft spot for her, one that she may have been able to manipulate. “Where’s the boy?  Your assistant.”
“Back at our hotel,” she answered
“You’re not staying in a hotel.”  He looked to his sidekick, “check the house, he’s here somewhere.”
A sudden gunshot rang from the doorway.  Anna flinched at the sound and dropped to the floor.  She opened her eyes from a huddled position watching the foreigner collapse face first into the wooden floor.  The bald man ran towards her and reached for his weapon but a second shot sent him jerking to the side.  He grimaced in pain and started clawing at his back.  He lost his balance and dropped, landing full atop the coffee table and bouncing off.  Dark blood began seeping through his shirt, coming from a hole between his shoulder blades.  Near the door, the foreigner lay perfectly still with a red pool building beneath his body. 
“Anna.”  A voice from the doorway caught her attention.  She recognized the large man but couldn’t immediately place from where.  He looked to be mid forties, well built with dark hair graying on the sides.  He had a small scar on the left side of his chin.  She stared at his pistol.
You’re one of Delega’s,” she said, finally placing him.
“Burke Black.”
“I remember you, in the office that first day I interviewed.”  
“Is there anybody else in the house?”
Anna looked around, still crouched on the floor.  Randy sat on the ground in shock, whimpering.  The bald man and his partner were no longer moving.  She averted her eyes from the bodies, trying to stay calm.  She had never seen someone shot before.
“No, I came here to see the boy about a ring.  You killed everyone else,” she said.  Her voice more collected than she anticipated.
Burke immediately pointed his gun to the side and shot Randy once in the head. Anna jerked backwards.  “Now I’ve killed everyone else,” he said.“He had nothing to do with this!” She gained her feet and ran over to the young man.  She bent down to hold him up but a vacant stare revealed the truth.  “He didn’t need to die,” she said.   She felt a deep sadness press in on her.  She let go of the body. 
“You brought him into this when you came here.  He saw me, he saw all this” Burke said.  “Let’s go,” he grabbed her arm and yanked her up. 
Outside, next to their rental car was a blue sedan and a red pick-up.  “Get in the truck,” Burke ordered.  She slid into the passenger seat. “Don’t try anything, I am not here to hurt you though if it comes to that.”  He omitted the last part.   Anna simply nodded. “Put your phone on the dash,” he ordered as they turned around in the driveway.  She complied.  
Burke made a few phone calls as they drove back towards Boulder.  He relayed the information about having her in the car and the incident at the house.  She assumed he was speaking with Seth Delega but couldn’t be sure.  Anna decided to stay silent.  She wasn’t going to be able to talk herself out of this and if she opened her mouth, she might just say the wrong thing.  
Almost a half hour later, they turned into a gated entrance just outside of Boulder.  The sign read, ‘Lemons Private Strip.’  She gazed out towards the small planes that zipped away to their destinations.  She was being taken out of Colorado.
“Where are we going?”
“You are to see Mr. Delega.  He has some questions for you.”
“What’s he going to do with me?”
“That depends how you answer his questions I would suppose.”
“As soon as I get out of this car, I am going to be screaming my head off.”  Burke brandished his revolver and smiled.  Anna looked at it and then back to the man.  “I’m not scared of that.  If you use that thing here, you’re in as much trouble as I am.  That gun is an empty threat.”  She bluffed.  The gun terrified her.
“Oh I’m not going to shoot you,” he flipped the gun and held the short barrel.  “I’ll just beat you unconscious and load you on the plane.  I’d rather do this the easy way but that’s entirely up to you.”
Moments later Burke drove them into a hanger and parked.  He jumped out and came around, opening her door from the outside. He held his hand out for her to take.  She refused. 
The hangar was almost empty save for a small plane situated in the middle.  A stocky man made his way from an office in the corner.  He was bald except for the grey ring of hair around the crown of his head, accentuating the absence in the middle.  Burke greeted him and they started talking quietly to each other.
Anna glanced towards the way they came in.  The main entrance was wide open, begging her to run out and find either someone to help or somewhere to hide.  She looked back towards Burke.  They were still turned away.  She had to decide, they wouldn’t be that way much longer.  
She took a deep breath and ran.  
She was a good runner, always had been.  She breathed evenly, swung her arms and only lightly touched her feet to the ground as she pushed off for more speed.  Her hair whipped out behind her and a burst of adrenaline made her feel almost high.
Behind her, she heard Burke yelling but it was too late, there wasn’t much he could do, she had a good lead on him.  She knew that once she cleared the door, she just had to find security.  And even at a small airstrip, they should be out in numbers.  
Anna was only ten yards from the door when two men jumped from the shadows and blocked her route.  She should have known.  Anna stopped quickly and darted to the side trying to avoid them.  One slipped as he tried to move with her and fell to the ground.  The other stayed close and then wrapped his arms around her.  Anna felt the weight of the man dragging her to the ground.  Her legs buckled and she felt herself tumbling.  She tried to reach up to brace her fall but her arms were wrapped inside the man’s grip.  The ground rushed up at her and she shut her eyes the moment before her head slammed into the cement.
Chapter 25
Boston, August 2012




The standoff was going on its third hour.  Michael pressed his back up against the wall and slid down to a sitting position. He wiped the sweat from his brow but kept his eyes trained on a small jagged section of mirror placed along the carpet.  From his position he could see the door without putting himself in harm’s way.  And for the moment, everything was still.
He knew his situation wasn’t ideal.  They could hold him down for hours at a time with just two individuals while the others rested and refreshed themselves.  He didn’t have such luxuries being alone.  He did have the option of trying an escape through a small hidden door in the bedroom, but his attackers also knew of its existence and he figured they’d have someone waiting for him at the bottom.  For the time, it appeared his only way out was through the front.
“Michael,” one of them called in.  “This has gone on for too long.  Just throw out your weapons and slowly come through the door.  There’s no need to make a stand.”
Michael smirked.  “You know as well as I that I’m as good as dead if I come out, at least here I have a small chance.”
“You cannot take us all out at once,” the man called back in.  “And at some point you’ll have to eat and sleep.  A couple days and that’s all you have.  We can hang here all week.”
Michael started thinking.  Take them all out at once.  What did he have to take them all out at a single time? “Oh please have left it behind,” he mumbled to himself.  He shuffled silently to Malcolm’s room and ran to his nightstand.  The drawer slid open and his brother’s favorite fear tool, a concussion grenade, was tucked carefully into the corner.  He grabbed it and started back to the front.  
He stepped out the door and a shot fired through the hallway, ringing by his ear.  He dove back into Malcolm’s room.  He rolled from his side and stuck his gun out the door and fired blindly down the hall.  Michael sprung to his feet, smashed the butt of his gun into the bedroom mirror and snatched a large piece from the floor.  “Damn it,” he said to himself.  He was being pinned into a corner.  
He held the piece out and tilted it at a slight angle.  The reflection revealed a total of three men.  They positioned themselves behind various obstacles.  Even with time to aim, he’d be hard pressed to hit any of them with a kill shot.  But they were close enough together for the grenade to work.  He firmly held it in his hand.  It was his best chance.
He took one last look to make sure they were still close in proximity.  He pulled the clip.  One.  He tossed the grenade into the other room.  Two.  He dove backwards onto Malcolm’s bed.  Three.  He rolled over to the other side and fell down next to the wall.  Four. 
The place lit up followed by a rumble that shook the apartment.  Michael immediately leapt from the cover of the bed and stormed into the other room.  Smoke filled the hallway but he waved through it and spotted three bodies on the ground.  Nobody was moving.  Blood leaked from their ears, spilling in small streams.  Michael fired one bullet into each of them.  The bodies pulsed with the impact.
He quickly returned down the hall.  He threw a duffel bag on the bed and started gathering some clothes, weapons and two laptop computers.  In one minute he was heading back to the front.  Before he walked out the door, he turned on the gas burners and set flame to the apartment.  Michael bounded down the stairs and slipped outside.  He scurried around the building coming up on the second exit.  He peeked around the corner and just as he thought, one man waited with gun drawn.  
He stepped out, took aim and shot one bullet directly into the man’s head.  Michael harnessed his gun and walked down the alleyway.  Behind him, the apartment exploded.
Chapter 26
Miami, August 2012




Sayla wore a tight, long sleeved pink shirt and white shorts that showed some of her ass.  She was bending over a duffel bag stuffing in a new tarp that didn’t look like it was going to fit.
“That’s not its spot,” Rock said, sneaking up on her. He meandered to a pile of empty bags, fished out a long blue tote and threw it at her.  “This one will work.  Roll it up.”
She didn’t say anything but smiled goofily then ran over to him and threw her arms around his neck.  “You’re ok,” she said.
“Why wouldn’t I be?  It hasn’t been that long.  Has everything been good?”   She nodded.  “What I mean is that have you noticed anything suspicious, anybody following you, watching, that kind of thing.”  
“I don’t think so, but I’ve been very careful. This place is clean and I think, safe.  And everything is here and almost ready to go.  Where are we going?”
“Truthfully I don’t know, he does.” Rock pointed at Benji.  “my new friend Benji.  He claims to have translated the map and the island on the map is located here in the Caribbean, but he’s holding more of the other details out for now.”
“That’s stupid,” she said.
“Benji, this is my apprentice, Sayla.”
“Hello Sayla,” Benji said and held out his hand.  Sayla reached out and shook it.
“Hi.  But why would you keep anything from Rock about this.  I don’t see the point.  He found it.”
“That’s complicated.”
“How?” Sayla was becoming slightly confrontational.
Rock cut her off. “He has his reasons, I’m sure.  But for now, let’s just leave it at that.”
Sayla frowned.  “Fine.”  She turned away from Benji to face him.  “Is Brett coming?”
“He’s not going to make it,” he responded.  “Show me what you’ve done here,” he quickly changed focus.
She took him around to all the equipment that she had organized and packed.  Laid out in neat piles were tents, tarps, lights, tools, clothes, bags, food, cameras and she even remembered to pack a wad of cash in case they needed to bribe someone. He was impressed.
“There’s only one thing I haven’t found a place for,” she said pointing to a stack of new solar lanterns Rock had used for the first time on the trip to Costa Rica.  They had worked amazingly well.  Solar technology was growing considerably with the newly appointed government funding.  “What did we put them in, I can’t remember.”
“A hard shell,” he said.  “Black pelican, they aren’t as sturdy as some of the other gear.”  She nodded.   “But for now, you can leave them.  I have a feeling we won’t have to do too much actual work in searching and setting camp.  I think this should be fairly straightforward.  Probably just the basic kit and we should be good to go.”
Benji nodded.   “Yeah.  I don’t think we’ll need all of this.”
“It would be easier to know what we would need if we had all the information,” Sayla said.
“Sayla,” Rock stared at her.  
“Ok,” She walked away.
Benji came up next to Rock as Sayla left the room.  “She is certainly outspoken.“
“She says what’s on her mind.”
“Yeah.”  He fell silent.
“What is it, just say it, I won’t be offended and it won’t get back to her.”
“I don’t know.  She seems a little possessive.”
“Of what?”
“I don’t know.  You maybe.  Whatever you found, perhaps.  I don’t know.  It’s like she was trying to prove she was higher up than me.”
“I think that’s just Sayla being herself.”
“I’ll take your word for it, you know her better than I.  So when do you think we’ll get going?”
“Tomorrow.  I’ll give you access to all my maps and get you on-line to double-check your findings. We need to get the exact match on those directions and then we’ll take my boat to the location.  Hopefully it isn’t one of the larger inhabited islands that could be construed as someone’s personal property.  That could get a little messy.  But I’m guessing from the picture, it’s one of the smaller plots of land that’s not large enough to build on, economically speaking.”
Sayla came back in carrying a soda.  “Did I hear you saying we’re leaving tomorrow?”
“Morning,” Rock said.  “We shouldn’t waste anymore time on this.”
“I can’t believe I’m going to go searching for buried treasure,” Benji shook his head.
“Stick with us and you’ll be doing it all the time,” Sayla smiled.  “It sure beats a day job.”
Rock nodded.  “Some days.”  Sayla frowned at him but didn’t respond verbally.  Sayla’s new phone started to ring.  She answered and then held it out to Rock.  
“It’s Wallace,” she said. 
“He shouldn’t be calling, and why is he calling you.” Rock said and grabbed the phone out of her hand.  
“Probably to see if I’ve heard from you since it doesn’t appear as though you have a phone anymore.”
Rock ignored her. “Make it quick Wallace and don’t say anything about where you are.”
“You have to get here.  We have some things to show you.”
“Now?  Is it that important?”
“Yes.  How soon can you get here?”
“You’re in Tennessee, right, at the house?
“Right.”
“How bad do I need to see this?  Can it wait?”
“If what we found is correct,” he paused.  “Well I’m still researching but it all can’t be coincidence.  I don’t see how this wasn’t ever put together before, or at least considered.  It was right in front of us the whole time.”
“What are you trying to say?”
“I have to talk to you, face to face.”
“Then we’ll be there.”  Rock said.  “Shortly, but we can’t stay long.”  He hung up.
Rock turned to Sayla and Benji.  “Change of plans.  We’re going to Tennessee first.  
“Tennessee?” Benji questioned immediately.  “What the hell is there?”
“The first part of the puzzle, and hopefully by now, a lot more.”
“We can’t fly,” Sayla said.  “They’ll be watching for that.”
“No, we’re driving, so wear some comfortable clothes.”  Rock held out his hand and she gave him the keys.  “It’s about a fifteen hour drive so we better get going.”
“Shouldn’t we finish this up first while we’re here,” Benji said.
“No,” Rock slapped him on the shoulder.  That has been waiting for us for hundreds of years.  It will be fine for another few days.  The other part is out in the open and being looked for by God knows who.  I need to know everything about it as soon as possible and I don’t want those two pieces together yet.  Never put all your eggs in one basket.  That’s how you lose everything you have.  Even when we retrieve what’s on your map, I don’t think it would be wise to bring all the original pieces together.”
“Oh,” Benij said.  “I didn’t think of that.”
“Experience,” Rock said.  “I’ve been burned a few times in the past.”   

Chapter 27
Texas, August 2012




The room was sweltering.  Anna turned the air conditioning unit to its highest level but the small room in which she was held prisoner was strangely efficient at trapping the summer heat.  Luckily they provided her a small fridge filled with cold drinks that kept her hydrated.  One of the Delega’s servants delivered breakfast in the morning but nobody had bothered to even speak to her since then.  Boredom was setting in.  The television cable connector was removed and she only had a few books to keep her company.  Seth hadn’t bothered to visit since she refused to speak to anyone but his father almost three days ago.  
She flopped on the carpet and started doing crunches, staring at the ugly yellow ceiling.  The entire room was painted the same shade and though the brightness was supposed to lighten her mood, it was torture to be trapped within the screaming color without pause.
She sat up as steps stopped outside the door and the lock twisted.  The door opened inward and a wrinkled man looked down on her.  Vitori Delega looked older than she had remembered the last time they were in the same room almost half a year ago.
“You requested an audience,” he spoke slowly.
“I did,” Anna rose to her knees and then sprung up to a standing position.  “If you want what was on Oak Island, then I am going to need some answers.”
“Very well, follow me.”  Vitori Delega started walking slowly down the hall.  His stride was small and careful.  Anna thought a cane might help him but a man as this might see that as weakness.  She kept pace with him but stayed silent.  It surprised her when he spoke before reaching their destination.
“You’re a smart girl,” he said.  “I saw it in the conference room last spring.  It’s your eyes, alert, figuring things out.  I knew you might be a problem then but Seth insisted otherwise.”
“Problem?” 
“Too independent, like having a wild card in a game of poker.  The odds change greatly.  He insisted he could control you, he knew you, but I wasn’t so sure and look where we are now.”
“How could he have known me,” Anna followed him into the kitchen.  Vitori sat down in a booth next to a large window.  Outside, the sun shone over the flat land and the Delega’s ranch spread out to meet the horizon.  She took the seat across from him.  Immediately two women served them coffee and rolls, then scooted away.
“He studied you, your digs, your successes, your failures, your contacts, your friends, your family.  He knew you as well as you did.  He knew your tendencies, what you liked to eat, how you were with money, he even knew your passwords to your e-mail, bank, and social sites.  But still he underestimated you.”
Anna thought she should be upset but that emotion never came.  Neither did anger or the feeling of being violated.  She just wanted answers.  “Let’s get to the point here.  What is the significance of the rose?”
“That is a long and complicated answer.”
“It would seem I have time.”
“You may, but your friends might not.”
“Is that a threat?”
“No, it is not.  We know about Wallace but we didn’t know about his closeness with Rock and yourself until very recently.  That was something my son failed to grasp.  Others probably did not miss the connection.”
“The Coopers.  You’re talking and Michael and Malcolm.”
“Those names mean nothing to me.  But the people they work for, I’m sure would have that string tied together.  I would have.”
Anna studied his calm measure.  Arrogance shown through, just like Seth.  But his eyes were distant, recalling some memory.  “You were part of that organization, weren’t you?”  
“I knew you were smart.”
“Then who are they?”
“What you took from beneath Oak Island, is what they have sought for thousands of years.  And I do not exaggerate that timescale.  They don’t seek the pieces specifically, but the knowledge they hold, and that’s what the rose is, just knowledge, nothing physical.  They call themselves the keepers of the rose and you have it or so we think.”  
“You must know what it is then?”
“Actually no, we don’t, we are only,” Vitori laughed to himself.  “Hoping.”  He smiled at her.  “Believe it or not Anna, my son and I, all this.”  He gestured around.  “We’re not the bad guys here.  I left that organization because I disagreed with what their vision was.  I want to save as many as possible, they want only to save themselves.”
“What are you hoping is in the book, and what do they need saving from?”
“The information to continue life without returning to primitive times, that’s what’s in the book.  Civilization has been close to this point before and was knocked back.  Their gains lost to time and the following generations forced to start anew.  We can reach the wall but never climb it.”
“Stop talking in riddles.”
“Time is a series of cycles, space and change march within those cycles.  We have little control of those forces.  But at the end of every cycle we have a chance to break it and hold our knowledge of the past, but only if we’re ready and that depends upon the people of that time.  Our minds have the capability of learning incredibly quickly.  Our survival depends on it.  But with that comes the danger of not understanding what power we actually possess.  There has to be checks and balances, something to keep us from destroying ourselves.  It’s like giving a caveman a pile of dynamite and never teaching him anything about it.  Something needs to be done so that he doesn’t blow up his entire clan.  But we’re talking a much larger scale.   We’ve termed it galaxial restraint.  It’s a checks and balances for intelligent beings.  And our cycle, once again, is just about up.”
Anna wasn’t positive what he was trying to say.  His thoughts seemed muddled or there were missing pieces he had yet mention.  “If there is this galaxial restraint, how would that specific knowledge ever be passed down,” she asked.
“We believe the idea isn’t to knock intelligent beings back to absolutely nothing but rather to slow down their gains, slow down their evolution of knowledge until they are ready to face the problem of galaxial restraint.  When they can do that, they have proven that they can evolve to the next stage of life.  Or as the Mayan’s called it, transition together to a higher state of consciousness.  Each time we reach this point we are further than the time before, and when we fall, we fall less each time.  Eventually, we will be able to tackle the problem and move forward.” 
“You’re talking about Dec 21st, aren’t you?”
“Yes.  We do believe that is the date things will being to happen and galaxial restraint will begin its march here on earth.”
“Now, I think you’re a nut.”
“Myth is largely based in reality.”
“Based, not is.”
Vitori Delega leaned across the table and stared right through her.  “Anna darling,” he whispered. “How much do you know about Atlantis?”
Chapter 28
Tennessee, August 2012




The truck bounded up and down on the unpaved road like an amusement park rollercoaster.  Rock was amazed at how his two traveling companions could sleep in such conditions. Sayla was tucked into a ball.  Benji was snoring loudly.  Rock decided to let them be for now.  The cabin wasn’t much further and he looked forward to talking with Wallace and Anna to see what they had come up with over the past week or so.  It would be good to just see that everyone was ok.  
He had driven through the night.  His eyes felt heavy and he found himself constantly shifting his body to keep comfortable.  The window was full open and the cool breeze of early morning was helping.  But he needed sleep.   It would be good to rest his body and clear his head.  
This would be the third time Rock had retreated to this remote area in the mountains.  Once a few years ago he found himself here for pure relaxation, and the other was at Wallace’s request when the old man was lonely as he poured over his latest research.  Rock, for some reason helped Wallace think, perhaps it was because they saw things in completely different ways.  Wallace saw things as factual and concrete, whereas Rock worked better under more hypothetical circumstances.
He made the final turn just as the sun was coming up.  The light rays burst trough the branches and shot thin beams through the morning fog.  The cabin came into view and it was bigger than he remembered.  It looked as though some work had been done to expand the living space on the right side of the house in the last year or so.  He parked the truck and took a deep breath.  He laid his head on the steering wheel, threatening to fall asleep right there.  
“All right,” he told himself and pushed backwards.  “Everyone up,” he said loudly.  Sayla and Benji both groaned and slowly began moving.
“That was a long drive,” she said.
“Oh really, I‘m sorry it was so rough” Rock replied.  
They quickly gathered their things and made it to the front door.  It swung open before he could even knock.  Wallace looked up at him with glassy eyes.  “Rock, you’re here, hurry, hurry, come on in.”  He grabbed him by the arm and pulled him inside.  
“Wallace you look like you’re going on less sleep than I am.”
“I can’t sleep,” Wallace said.  “If I shut my eyes, my mind, well it just races.  I have to show you what it is you’ve found.  Come.”
“I can barely even think right now, I need some rest first.”
“Rest can wait.” Wallace said.  Rock groaned
Inside, the normally neat and well-kept cabin was a mess.  Banks of computers lined up against the far wall and the hum of their electrical needs could be heard resonating throughout the house.  Papers were strewn about the room in what looked to be an orderly fashion but there were too many of them to know how it was organized.  And the walls were filled with punchboards, pinned with notes and scribbles.   Rock knew he could exist here fine but Anna would be going crazy.
“She actually lets you keep the place like this,” he asked.
“Who?”
“Anna, this has to be driving her nuts.”
“I’m afraid Anna is not here, and I haven’t heard from her in some time.”
“But she was here, right, she had to have been.”
Her and her assistant left a few days ago.  They went to ah, ah.  They went to Denver I believe.  Check up on a ring. Follow a lead. Things were slow here at that point.”
“You haven’t heard from her?”
“No.”
“Well that’s not good.  Have you tried calling her?”
“Skylar has, from a public phone in the city.  Nothing.”
“I guess we can’t worry about her right now, she has a good head on her shoulders.  I’m sure she’s staying out of trouble.”
Sayla came up next to them.  “Hi Wallace.”
“Sayla doll.  How are you?”
“I’m good.  Tired.  Where can we sleep?”
“There is an open bedroom down the hall, it also has a pullout in there, you and…”  Wallace looked at Benji, “he can sleep in there.”
“Thanks,” Sayla grabbed her things and started down the hall, Benji followed, lumbering in a daze like state.
“Who is that?”
“That is the young man who is going to help me find those missing pages.”
“You know where they are?”
“Yes, he does.  I think.  An island, in the Caribbean.”
“We could use those pages and their content when you get them.  What we have now tells the story.  And we all know a story is just a story.  Myth is just myth.  But what we believe is on those pages is the proof and the facts to make this story true.  And if this is true.”  Wallace shook his head.  “If what this story says is true, it changes everything.   It changes everything we’ve ever known.  And if it’s true we need to know immediately.”
“From the beginning of this,” Rock sat down.  “I’ve gotten the feeling time is somehow, short.  Each party involved impressed that upon me.  But it doesn’t make sense, what is time sensitive in this field.  I’ve never seen it before.  If something has been in the ground that long, how can two or three more months really make much difference?”
“The others won’t be up for another couple hours, they just went to bed not long ago.  I’ll get you some coffee and use that time to fill you in.  Keep an open mind Rock.  You’re going to need it.”  Wallace got up and waddled off into the kitchen.  He came back with two cups and a full pot.  He poured carefully and Rock was already feeling his body react just from the smell.  Wallace set the pot down on the coffee table and retrieved a notebook from a nearby desk.  He sat back down next to Rock, put on his glasses and opened up to a page in the middle.  He cleared his throat.  
“Now I know your not going to be up on all of these historical accounts or places or legends but to give you an idea I will read off this list of discoveries that have many opened ended questions in the scientific community.  This, what you’ve found, could bring them all into focus.  The list is as follows.  Stonehenge, the first dynasties of Egypt with focus on the sphinx, and the pyramids.  The I –ching, Easter island , the standing stones of stennes, canac stones, boyne valley, mystery hill or America’s Stonehenge.”  Wallace took a breath to continue.  “Avebury, the fuente magna, ring of brodgar, the waitapu standing stone circle, the piri reis map, antikethyra mechanism, even the bible.  But those are just a sampling of the places, things, what the kicker is, is that we’ve always wondered why the entire planet seemed to grow up at the same time.  Why did all ancient civilizations get a boost at the same point, they all seemed to, without communicating to one another, understand architecture, agriculture, urbanization and astronomy.  Just, bam,” Wallace threw his notebook on the table.  “All at once.  China, Vietnam, Babylon, India, Europe, Indus Valley, the Mediterranean, Crete, the Americas.  It didn’t mater where you were in the world, at this point, your civilization grew intellectually by leaps and bounds.  It’s the mystery of mysteries.  And because of this growth we have all our mega-structures of the ancient world starting at the same time.”
Rock leaned back.  “Yes I am familiar with the coincidence that occurred sometime around 5,000 years ago.  You’ve mentioned it before.  But what the hell does this have anything to do with that?”
“This is the missing piece.  This story gives us the how and the why.”
Rock saw Wallace light up.  He’d never seen the old man this excited.  He was like a child.  “Start from the beginning,” Rock said slowly.  “I’m not going anywhere.”
Chapter 29
Texas, August 2012




“Atlantis?”  Anna almost laughed in his face.  The only thing that gave her pause was his flat expression.  He sat perfectly erect displaying thin lips to form a straight line and large brown eyes that stared at her, unblinking.  He could have been a statue had it not been for the labored breathing of an old man.
She curled her hair with her finger, waiting for him to respond.  Two maids were cleaning the bar area in the background.  They didn’t look to be listening to their conversation or did a good job at ignoring them.
“Yes, Atlantis,” he finally said.  “Of course it wasn’t called Atlantis, not by the people who lived there, but the civilization was real and in some ways we believe they were more advanced than we are today, and in others, somewhat primitive. ”
“There’s never been any proof of the existence of an advanced civilization to that extent, anytime in the past,” Anna said bluntly.  There was no possible way he could actually think Atlantis was real.  Nothing had been found to present the case other than a storyteller’s myth.  That would be like relying on local directions given out by a tourist.  It wasn’t logical. 
Vitori nodded his agreement.  “True enough, there’s no proof the public has seen or been made aware of.  But let me ask, can you comprehend the timescale I’m speaking of?  Let’s say, hypothetically, if Hawaii were sunk and lost beneath the waves, do you still think there would be many traces five to ten thousand years later?  More than likely anything sturdy enough to weather that amount of time, would be covered up and lost by the ever-changing sea floor.  Most everything else, including homes, computers, cars, plastics, roads and all, it would wear away into tiny indistinguishable bits.  Some lucky pieces would be preserved, of course, falling into the precise conditions to keep them together, but those would be few.  Most of it would be gone, disintegrated in the water.  The advanced things that even we have today just wouldn’t last under that amount pressure and long of a timescale.  Very little would remain to tell any tales.”
“I’ll bite, what happened then?”
“Their island home was destroyed by a recurring event, an event that they couldn’t prevent even though they knew it approached.  The same type of event that we are facing very soon.”
“Your so-called galaxial restraint.”  Anna half smiled.  
“Correct.”
She nodded and looked out the window.  Her mind wondered back through the events that brought her to the current situation.   Those choices, those hardships, from the beginning at Oak Island up until the point where Nate and her found the journal describing the keepers of the rose, it all pointed her to the chance that there might be more to this than what she initially realized.  Just because Atlantis sounded bizarre and bordered on the insane, didn’t mean it was impossible.
She sat up and folded her hands.  “I’m going to let you continue to tell your story but I’ll forewarn you that though I will keep an open mind, there is a good chance I will not be convinced at the end.”
“That is all I ask,” he whispered.  
Anna looked back out the window as the morning sun climbed higher into the sky.  It was finally at the point where the elm just outside provided them cover from the bright rays.  Across from her, Vitori’s hair had changed colors with the difference in light, his grey hair no longer looked transparent but much darker.  In the background, the few servants had all scuttled into the kitchens or were off to attend other duties and left the two of them completely alone.  She almost felt comfortable.  
The situation suddenly reminded her of her grandfather.  He used to tell her stories when she was very young.  She would sit cross-legged, in front of him, as he recited tales from memory or imagination.  They were always full of adventure and fun characters but she knew they were all make-believe.  This situation was different, though.  This man believed his stories and wanted her to believe them too.
“Since time is very much relevant in our actions at the moment,” his voice broke her thoughts, “what I’m going to tell you only scrapes the surface of the full amount of what we know.  There is a much richer story to tell in the future and more than a few delicate artifacts have been found to verify the existence.“  Anna would very much like to see those artifacts but didn’t interrupt to tell him so.
“Now, Atlantis was a civilization much different from ours,” he continued.  “They lived on a continent in the middle of the Atlantic over 10,000 years ago.  They weren’t conquerors, at this time.  We don’t believe they sought out more land or slaves as that would lead to eventual corruption.  Their main focus, we believe, was simply learning and the accumulation of knowledge.  They were impeccable astronomers, mathematicians, physicist and architects.  They built amazing cities.  Not just the one you see in books but many cities and smaller townships. Homer describes such places.  And he also describes that Atlantis was struck with a calamity though his dates are off and the real date is around 8250 BC instead of 9500 BC.  Though it wasn’t only Atlantis, but it was the whole of the world that was affected by the incident.”   
“During this calamity, the continent of Atlantis shuttered and tore apart through violent earthquakes and began to sink into the sea. This shearing also occurred in many parts of the globe causing volcanoes to spew and tremors of unspeakable power.  But in the aftermath, the survivors were able to use their knowledge and advanced technology to help halt the sinking process and save their land.  How they did this, we are unsure of at the moment.  After this near miss, they focused on figuring out what forces had acted upon the planet to have such wide spread and devastating circumstances and using their astronomical calculations figured this event occurred exactly 3/5ths of the time between full astronomical cycles or one great year.  They also found historically, in their records that events such as this happened just over 5100 years before, at the 2/5th point in a full astronomical cycle.  They, much like I believe we would be, had to figure out a cause.”
“You‘ll have to explain great year to me at some point,” Anna said but waved him to continue on the current thought.
“Quickly then.  I’m sure you’ve read many of the calculations on all the Internet sites out there, mostly pertaining to the doomsday approaching.  Any number of them will go into explanation on the galactic equator and the procession of the equinox coming to a culmination on December twenty one, this year.  One great year as we think of it, is the time it takes for one full cycle to complete.  The cycle is when the galactic center of the Milky Way, the sun, and the earth are in alignment. Basically every twenty five thousand six hundred and thirty years.  We’re at that point now.”
“I’m giving you the highly condensed version.”  He touched her hand.  “I would love to get into all the details but we don’t have the time.”  He withdrew his hand when he saw it had unsettled her.  “Needless to say they knew another calamity would strike the planet and once again affect their civilization.  This next event they calculated to be a precise date in the year 3115BC, 4/5ths through the cycle.  Around this time is where they came to the theory of galaxial restraint tempering the growth of intelligent beings.  But the date was a long way off and they felt they had enough time to prepare and protect themselves.  However, despite the knowledge, they couldn’t do anything in those 5000 years to curb the shearing effects of the next cycle and when the purging began again, their island sank completely into sea.”
Anna butted in.  “So they knew this was going to happen and they couldn’t do anything to stop it or curb its effects upon them?”
“Well, they knew the potential of what could happen and had begun a second settlement in an area they calculated would be unaffected.   Their new home was to be in Egypt and their influx into Egyptian culture was well received by the natives.  All of their knowledge led the Egyptians to believe they were Gods and so worshipped them as such.  But the survivors were few as most of the Atlantian population believed they could save their home and decided to stay on the island.  After the island disappeared, the few that settled in Egypt came to the realization that one more calamity, even unrelated to galaxial restraint, or even due to war, could destroy them and all the knowledge they had acquired for thousands of years.”  
They couldn’t let their knowledge be lost because at this point, they had precise equations dedicated to galaxial restraint and its future effects on the planet.  And this next one, the one we are facing now, is the culmination of the cycle and will be much more devastating than the ones they faced.  They knew they couldn’t stop it anymore.  But they knew through careful analysis, which future areas on earth would be affected the least and hence, for the next cycle, would become what we now call the safe zones.  It was their decision to share this knowledge with the other peoples of the world in hopes that if for some reason, their own civilization perished, the information would live on.”
Anna smiled to herself.  “ The other people,” she said.  “They were pretty much tribes at that point, nothing more than a few villages linked together.  Primitive and still trying to cultivate crops, they would never understand any of this.”
“True,” Vitori responded.  “And how could these people ever understand, you ask.”  Anna nodded her head.  “That was the next problem they knew they faced.  They had already mapped the world and knew where beginnings of civilization were developing.  They sent out emissaries to each civilization with instructions to pass along this information to them by whatever means necessary.  The instructions also required that the information be able to exist, unblemished, until today.”
“By whatever means necessary,” Anna repeated.
“So how do you get tribal people and early nomads to take notice and listen to you,” he looked at her and she shrugged.  “You know the answer, Anna, it’s simple.”
She suddenly realized what he was talking about.  He had just given her the answer.  “Just like they did to the Egyptians,” she said.  “You become their Gods.
Chapter 30
Tennessee, August 2012




“Religion,” Wallace spit out.  “It’s that simple.”
“I guess it makes sense,” Rock replied.  “Predict something easy like an eclipse and claim you did it, and early peoples would fall in line like dominos.  At that point you have control of what they do.”
Wallace grinned and slapped his knee. “And that’s how they did it.  They went around the world and gained control through religion or supposed mystic powers, and then had the ears of those tribes and peoples.  From there, they taught them rudimentary architecture and physics and math.  They gave them keys to unlock advanced astronomy and handed over knowledge that took them thousands of years to acquire.  Of course the people couldn’t understand it, not then.  But to pass along the needed information, they had them build the mega structures of old and works unchanged by time like the famous I-ching not to mention laying the foundation for mythic stories that eventually would make it into works like the bible.”
Rock jumped on board.  “That’s where Stonehenge and the carnac stones and Easter island and the pyramids and all the lost temples of the ancient world come into play.”
“Yes, yes,” Wallace said.  “They all tell the same story, they all tell of the event unfolding right now, each structure or work gives us a precise date, precise time and most of all where to be when that time occurs.”
“They tell us where to go?”
“Yes and no.  Each piece only gives a single location of safety, according to the book, and that is the place closest to where that civilization lived.  At this time we still haven’t been able to decipher on how to retrieve that information from most all of the structures.”  Wallace stroked his beard, thinking of his next point.  “You know, another important point is to know that the people we call Atlantians thought it wrong to give the whole key to any single culture for fear the most powerful civilization would destroy the others for the land.  As a result each emissary gave only one safe location to one peoples.  That is except for one.”
“The Mayans.”  Rock finished.  
“Right.  Although they weren’t the Mayan’s yet when the emissary arrived.  But you’re right Rock, Kukulkan gave them the entire work.  It says here he fell in love with the people and a woman in particular, and thought they were worthy enough and responsible enough to be given everything.  He left them to return to Egypt to tell the others what he had done and then planned on returning to live with the Mayans for the rest of his days.  But he never came back.”
Rock knew what that meant.  Such a serious infraction of a task wouldn’t sit well with the rest of his peers. “My guess is they didn’t like Kukulcan too much for what he did.  I wouldn’t be surprised if they killed him.”  He paused a moment to try and think if there could be any proof to this or was it all speculation.  As far as he noted, everything so far was just an elaborate theory.  “This is a great story, but the proof, Wallace, I don’t see it.  Good theory, but I base my opinions and ideas on facts not hearsay, not tales, not well fitting stories.”
Wallace rocked in his seat.  “Within the book you brought, there have already sprouted mathematical equations that were only just recently discovered.  Also, charts of astronomy showing a greater understanding than what we have today.  And, what I feel is on those missing pages you are searching for is the actual numbers and equations to give us what is actually happening on December 21st, where its coming from and the equations to show us where to be, over the whole of the planet.”
“That’s quite a prediction, I didn’t take you for one who believed the hype of the coming date.”
“I didn’t, until now.  I think this civilization that had these measurements knew more than us in some fields and I think one of those was the universe and its movements.  Their equations could be right on.  Their calendar is more accurate, there’s something to be said for that.”
“That is impressive,” he agreed.  
“You know Rock, most equations are simple and elegant when they are revealed.  I have a feeling this will be no different.  Those people left every culture with a chance to move forward, the only fair way to do it.  But nobody put it together, nobody saw any of it for what it really is.”
Wallace snorted and coughed. But he was too worked up to stop talking.  “The Mayan calendar pointed to this date on purpose, derived by the math given to them by an emissary.  My guess is the I-ching is another piece of mathematical genius given to the Chinese culture by an emissary.  Perhaps the infamous work of Terrance McKenna and his time-wave zero theory isn’t a mere coincidence. The pyramids and Stonehenge were also giant calendars pointing to this date though have fallen into ruin and much of their information has probably been lost.  Or, we just haven’t looked in the right place.”
Rock held up his hand to stop Wallace.  The old man frowned.  “Wallace, now you’re going into more of these off the beaten path crazy theories.  You’re losing me, like what the hell is time-wave zero.”
“Look it up Rock, I can’t explain it well.  Basically he took the I-ching format of hexagrams, which is based upon the golden ratio and used their ratios and factors of 64, which is the number of complete hexagrams the work uses for its predictions, to mathematically plot a wave-from graph.  By analyzing this graph he concluded that instances of novelty and change were increasing so fast that at some point it would conclude in a singular moment when everything could happen at one time thus changing the nature of time for conscious thought all together.  He plotted his graph based on its relevance of known events, more to the point the Hiroshima bomb.  And from there his graph seemed to fall in place, its peaks and troughs corresponding with major events in history for the last billion years.  His graph comes to its end, or singularity on the same date as the Mayan calendar.”
“Funky,” Rock grinned.  “Someone actually reverse engineered a theory probably starting with that date and working backwards.  You can make numbers do anything you want with enough time and brute force.”
“He came up with this independently of knowing about the Mayan calendar.”
“And M. Night Shyamalan wrote The Village independently of reading Running Out of Time, I suppose,” Rock interrupted.  Wallace stared blankly, not understanding his reference.  “Never mind.”
Wallace nodded.  “It’s a hokey theory but there are dozens like it and all of them can’t be coincidence.  I mean the mega-structures and literary works from ancient times could be remnants of their emissaries doing by whatever means possible to pass along the information. That message was to warn us of this date and to tell us where to go so as to move forward without loss of culture, or knowledge.  If we can keep all of our knowledge to this point and stave off this loss, then they would have been successful and our civilization can move forward.  But truthfully Rock, I think we found this too late.”
“It sounds to me like you’re convinced.”  Rock wasn’t.  “This still sounds silly and I think you just might want to believe this too much, where’s your scientific skepticism.”
“It’s just too convenient, it solves almost every ancient mystery we have.  We’ve even dated the book, Rock.  It’s authentic.  It’s old, over 2000 years old.  And it says it is an exact copy from what Kukulcan had written when he first arrived.  What you found is from the Mayans, but the words predate even them.  And if they knew how to implement everything that’s in this book, even 2000 years ago, we’d be living in a very different world.”
“I guess we’ll know when I find those missing pages and if you’re right, we better start thinking on what we do then.  That’s a responsibility I don’t know if I want.”  Rock had grappled with this very thought for a while now.  He didn’t believe all of it. But what if he was wrong, what if everyone else was right?  What if he did indeed have the only copy of something that could save billions of lives?  Who was he to hold that responsibility?  He didn’t know if he even would want that.
Wallace’s smile faded.  His brow furrowed and Rock could tell he hadn’t thought that far ahead either.  “You bring up a good question,” he pursed his lips.  “I need to think on that.”  He grabbed the phone next to him and started to punch numbers.
“Who are you calling?”  Rock snapped.  “Maybe you should have Skylar drive you into town and use a payphone.”
“I’m just dialing Mickey, you remember him.  I need him to get some numbers from my office.  I might need my contacts in Washington.  We may need to run things by them.  But Rock,” he stared at him intently.  “I do trust your judgment and when you get those pages, I wouldn’t be disappointed if it came to the point where you made the call.”
Rock couldn’t help but smile.  He was touched at the amount of faith Wallace put in him.  It felt almost fatherly.  “Be careful what you wish for my friend,” he responded.  “Every choice has consequences for the one that makes it.”  Rock took another sip of coffee but the effects couldn’t counteract his sleepiness.  “I’m sure you didn’t give me all the information,” he said. “But my body is telling me it’s time to get some rest, we can discuss more when I get up.”
Wallace nodded and grunted, the usual end to their conversations.

Chapter 31
Florida, August 2012




Just North of Fort Lauderdale with quick access to Port Everglades, Gavin’s house was set on an expansive, remote lot.  It lay near the ocean and was a perfect spot to keep an eye on things coming into the country.  The organization had numerous individuals paid off at the port allowing them to smuggle in and out whatever they needed.  And with Port Everglades being the 3rd largest in the United States, the sheer amount of traffic made it easy for things to simply slide by without difficulty.  With the right people in place, they could get just about anything by customs.  
Michael drove past the main entrance.  As usual, the front of the property was well guarded.  Four men stood by a closed gate with a winding driveway snaking behind them.  From the street, there was no way to see any of the actual structures.  They were set much deeper.  But like most paranoid wealthy men, Gavin and the four other men that made decisions in this part of the world made it appear as though there were only a single way in or out when in reality, there were multiple different paths.  Michael wasn’t supposed to know about them, but he had found the alternate routes without much difficulty.  And at one particular entrance waited one man and a car, and that was all.  
This is where Malcolm would have been brought, if he wasn’t already dead.  There was no answer on his phone and he never showed to their emergency meet up locations.  Gavin had him, or had him killed.  Michael was here to find out which.  
He pulled off to the side when he spotted the chain link gate, secured by a single lock, guarding a dirt road.  He parked about a block further down.  He grabbed his weapons and from the trunk, pulled a pair of bolt cutters and sweatshirt.  He threw the shirt over the tool and casually crossed the street and started making for the gate.  He would have climbed but the top was rolled over with barbed wire.
He reached the gate and stood by it, waiting and listening to make sure nobody was going to drive by.  When he was satisfied, he quickly snapped the lock and slid through the opening.  He tossed the shirt and cutters into the brush and followed the dirt path.  
He walked a good distance in the dense vegetation and it wasn’t long before the small garage came into view.  The door was open and a white sedan was parked inside, facing outward.  One man sat next to it, watching a television and sipping a soda.
Michael crept around the outside, staying out of view.  He moved quietly up against the side of the building and paused just around the corner.  His silenced gun was already in hand.
He took a quick breath and fluidly swung around the corner, taking giant moves forward until the man looked up.  By the time his victim realized what was happening, Michael had the gun pressed to his face, and one finger set to his lips.  
“Are they in session yet,” he whispered.  He didn’t recognize the driver.
The man shook his head up and down.  He was terrified.  Michael wouldn’t be surprised if there was piss running down his leg.
“Good.  Do you know where they are holding the meeting?”  He asked knowing there were three different areas in the house that were possible locations.
Once again the man shook his head up and down.
“Good.  Tell me where they are and I won’t shoot you in the face.” He pulled his finger away.
“In, in, in the lounge on the second floor.”
“Good.”  Michael knew exactly where that was.  “How much security inside?”
“Three men but there are more on the way.”
“How many more?”
“I don‘t know, but they followed some other guy, I didn’t know who he was.”
“Where is this new man now?”
“I don’t know,” he replied.  Michael noticed the conversation had brought about a more normal breathing pattern.  The man was starting to regain his composure, which meant he was starting to think straight. He needed to end this.
Michael took a few steps back and pulled the trigger twice.  The man’s head jerked with the silent impacts and he fell to the floor.  “Sorry, you drew an unlucky shift.”  
He grabbed the keys to the vehicle from the desk and started down a set of stairs at the back of the building.  He entered into a long tunnel close to seven feet tall and only about four wide.  After two hundred paces the tunnel started a slow incline until it reached a solid wall on the other end.  Michael tightened the grip on his gun.  He pushed one side of the wall and it eased open, swinging outward, letting a sliver of light dash into the tunnel.  He peaked out.
If he recalled correctly he would be coming out of the tunnel on the first floor in the small library more used as a cover for this secret exit than for any relevant reading material.  He pushed again and the whole wall spun until there was room enough for him to get through.  
The library was just as he remembered.  Small and clean, the books seemed to have not been touched in years though there wasn’t a speck of dust on a single cover.  He held his gun down at his side and started walking for the center staircases.  In the house, there wouldn’t be much security, only paper pushers and support staff and they wouldn’t know if he was supposed to be here or not.  He would be able to glide on through until he came to just outside the meeting room.  There would be two or three men standing guard.  But if he surprised them, gun drawn, three shots would be quite easy to fire by the time they reacted.
Michael started up the white marbled, spiral staircase, keeping his eyes towards his destination.  Quietly he walked around until he reached to top.  He looked to both sides.  Nobody was around.  The meeting room was in the South wing on the East, facing the ocean.  He started down to the right and at the far end he would turn left.  That’s where he would need to be quick.  He pulled out his second weapon as he silently inched up to the corner.  He could hear the shifting of the security guards on the other side. He desperately wanted to look and check out what he was up against but that just might give him away.  Surprise was his only true advantage.  He paused, feeling his body tingle with anticipation.
Michael spun around the corner and ran.  His arms came up and locked in place.  He felt steady and smooth, calmly letting his body move itself as he pressed forward.  His eyes locked on the closest man and instinctively he squeezed the triggers.  The weapons popped in his hands and the first man fell to the ground, both bullets catching center mass.  Two others started to react, jumping to their feet and reaching for weapons.  But Michael was quicker.  He fired again and hit one man in the shoulder and the other near the groin.  He kept pressing forward and passed by the first guard, firing an extra round into the body to be sure there would be no retaliation.  The other two men were still in shock as Michael fired again, finishing each of them off with a close shot to the head.  He felt high as he watched them fall to his sides. 
At the end of the hall he kicked open the French doors and found four men in the room.  Gavin sat in a chair furthest from him, then Niles Malkin, Ferdinand and finally the Egyptian Luzige Mubarak. 
Michael smiled.  “Stay the fuck down,” he waved his gun across the room while holstering the other.  
“Michael,” Gavin spat.  “What are you doing here?”
“Surprised to see me?  Thought you had gotten rid of me?  You would have, had you not killed or taken my brother.  We would have just disappeared, but you had to go and pull that shit.”
“You sorry little shit,” the Egyptian said.  “Get the fuck out of here, you’ve already fucked things up enough.”
“Are you really still trying to control me?”  Michael started moving towards the man.  He slinked down in his seat.  “You think you can do that after you tried to have me killed for no damn reason.”  Michael couldn’t believe the audacity.  “That’s not how it works.  Now tell me where my brother is and I might let you live.”  Nobody said anything.  “Tell me where the fuck he is!”  He smashed his gun into a picture on the wall, shattering the glass.  The frame fell to the side hanging oddly but not falling.
“We don’t have your brother,” Gavin said.  The old man stood up on his frail legs.  His skin wrinkled up and folded over itself as he spoke.  “But we know who does.”
“You mean he’s alive,” Michael felt some relief wash over him but he had to hold onto the situation.
“Yes,” the voice startled him.  It came from the speakerphone resting in the middle of the table.
“Who is that,” Michael asked.
“I’ll introduce myself shortly, just don’t fire when I come in.”  The phone hung up.
“Who was that,” Michael asked again.  He looked towards the door and saw someone coming down the hall. The man put his hands behind his head as he closed the distance.  He walked slowly past the guards Michael had gunned down and through the broken door, stepping over the wreckage.  He was a strong looking man, with deep-set eyes, dark hair and a chiseled chin.
“Who are you,” Michael asked.
“I am Elias Blanco, we’ve spoken once before if you recall.”
Michael thought back quickly, he remembered.  They had spoken on the phone just as he was leaving for Nova Scotia.  Elias Blanco was the top dog. 
“What are you doing here?”
“I called this meeting,” he said.  “I was just caught in traffic, that’s why I’m a little late.”  His demeanor told Michael this situation was nothing new to him.  He was too comfortable.  “Looks like I missed some things.”
“Where’s my brother?”
“Alive, “ Elias answered.  “These four here wanted to kill him but I thought he’d be more useful still breathing.”  
Michael pointed his gun at Gavin, “I knew it.  I should kill you right now.”
“Don’t do anything rash,” Elias said.  “Your brother’s life may depend on what you do at this moment.”
“You’re issuing threats,” Michael responded.  He couldn’t look weak in any way and he couldn’t give in to a deal at this point.  He had to walk out with his brother or start shooting.  “You try anything to me or so much as think about hurting Malcolm, I’ll be sure to see these four dead and probably you as well.”
The man smiled.  “What makes you think that wasn’t what I was coming here to do anyway?”   Michael glanced towards Gavin but as he did Elias took the opportunity and snatched his wrist.   The gun fired but his arm was already twisted around his back and his hand bend awkwardly forcing his grip to loosen.  His gun was suddenly stripped from him and he was flung to the floor.  
He rolled on his back and looked at the man standing over him. The next instant he was looking down the barrel of his own gun.  He wasn’t scared.  This was one of the more likely possibilities of how this all would end.  Michael closed his eyes.  
Elias Blanco fired.  Michael didn’t feel anything.  The man fired five more times and he opened his eyes to see the gun pointed at the table.  Elias emptied the clip and then flung the gun to the ground.  
“Get up,” he said.  “We have some things to discuss.”

Chapter 32
Texas, August 2012




Anna was thoroughly entertained.  Vitori’s story of the city of Atlantis was one she had never heard before.  It was certainly fantastical and would probably make for a good movie.  She should be writing all of this down, selling the rights for the next big summer blockbuster.  However, she also thought it could be the start of a good theory in that it wrapped up many of the world’s mysteries and essentially, solved them.  “So what happened when Kukulkan returned to Egypt,” she asked.
Vitori looked more relaxed.  Anna guessed it was the way she was engaging with him by asking questions, being involved rather than tuning him out and calling him crazy.  It was something she had learned to do while dealing with self-involved clients.  If she kept them talking on subjects they liked, the more she could extract from them later.  
The old man kept a small smile on his face, even when he spoke.  “Kukulcan told them of the people and culture he discovered and what he had done and how he planned to return to them.  The others condemned his actions and as there were still many emissaries yet to leave, they punished him and made an example out of him, though it wasn’t their way.  Kukulcan was killed and mummified so as no other would pursue to follow in his ways.  They believed his full account to the Mayans could have dire repercussions for the entire world.”
“But in your view, it could be the only savior,” Anna blurted in.
“That’s the irony,” Vitori said.  “They gave their emissaries and themselves too much credit.  Nobody discovered their warnings and now only a very few can be saved.  Kukulcan’s full account could be the only way our civilization moves forward.  If we don’t get and use its information correctly, the cycle may continue down the old path, and humans will lose thousands of years of development.  Once again, we’ll return to eeking out an existence.”
“So what do you propose to do should you get your hands on the find?”
“We’ll decipher it.  Learn it.  Eventually present it to all the governments of the world, as the Atlantians had wanted.  To each country we’ll only give them the safe areas on their own land and they can decide from there.  We wish to keep the cultural and racial diversity that makes us who we are.  We don’t want the world to lose any of its diversity.”
“And what would the other organization do with it?  The keepers of the rose, for instance.”
“They want to move all their people and supplies to those areas.  They wish to rule what is left in the aftermath and create one unified country over the whole world.   They believe one government in the world would solve most of our current problems and usher in an age where the human race can move forward more quickly and efficiently.  They already have the locations of three safe zones deciphered from ancient relics and artifacts.  The only way we can curb their effects in the future is to make sure they don’t control all the technology that is spared.  We need the rose to save more people and move the whole world’s precious information to those safe areas.”
“You’re saying they want power,” Anna said.
“Yes, they want complete control.  And we wish to give it to the people.”
“No, you want to give it to the governments of the people.  There is a difference.  What about the US?  Do you really think they’ll allow you to do that?  You don’t think they won’t be able to break into your organization and take all relevant data.  If so, then there would be war as they tried to secure more land for their own purposes.”
“The US government is just as corrupt as the keepers of the rose.  They would prefer to hold all the safe areas and move forward in their democratic state.  We think that would be a mistake, you would lose purpose, lose diversity, you would lose ideas.  But we think we can prevent that from happening. Our data would be given out through a phantom organization.  And the data itself would be located somewhere safe and unknown.  It would then be up to the specific countries to keep their safe zones a secret.”  
“Why didn’t you tell us all of this from the beginning?”
“You would have thought we were crazy, and don’t tell me otherwise.  You still are deciding what you think of me even as I tell you all this.”
Anna nodded, she agreed with him.  She would have laughed at him and the entire organization.  She was still chuckling a little bit at the story but not as much as before.  Vitori was an intelligent man with a rich amount of connections to other wealthy and intelligent individuals.  And maybe he was telling her what he actually believed.  Some of it did make sense.
The earth was always changing and countries and cultures rose and fell with its movements. Fifty two hundred years ago, civilizations all started growing up and abrupt climate change was occurring at a rapid rate.  Some areas of the world shifted quickly from warm to cold and many species had died out as a result.  Perhaps this was part of his galaxial restraint.  She’d like to talk to Rock about it and Wallace.
“So you told me Wallace was in danger, as well as the book and plate and everyone around it.”
Vitori nodded.
“Why?  How can I trust you?”
“Use your head, your heart.  Make your decision.  There is nothing else I can ask.  But make it soon because if you will not help us, we need to quickly start making other arrangements.”
“You said you knew about Wallace, but not about how close he was to us, particularly to Rock.  Do you think someone else knows about him, think they can find him?  I personally think he’s well hidden right now.”
“I would never underestimate that organization.  If they aren’t there already, then they are on their way.”
Anna turned towards the window.  There was too much false information to make an informed decision.  Was the man in front of her telling the truth, or was it just a lie to get the items.  She liked Vitori, she however, didn’t have any affinity for his son or the Delega organization in general.  Then again, the man before her could just be a more sinister and clever version of Seth.  
She turned back and faced him.  His gaze had fallen to the table.  “Look me in the eye,” she said. “And tell me nobody else is going to get hurt.  Not me, not Rock or anybody involved.  Make me believe it.”  
He raised his gaze.  “If we get there in time, you have my word that not one person you know will be harmed in any way and you will be free to go as you please.  You may even go now if you wish, it was not my intention to hold you captive.”
Anna stared back into his eyes.  She found no help in making her decision.  But one had to be made.  “Ok then,” she said.  “I’ll take you there.”
Chapter 33
Tennessee, August 2012




The technical aspects of how Wallace and his colleagues came to understand the language in the book confused him greatly.  Rock’s thoughts wondered as they breezed over this part.  He was more interested in their theories of what it actual was.  A myth. A code. A journal.  Maybe it was just random words and pictures that would somehow bring the past more into focus.  He specifically didn’t want anymore talk of the upcoming end of the world date, December 21st 2012, which was now only mere months away.  But despite Wallace’s assurances that this was the main reason for the existence of the book, Rock figured it was something else.  There was something in there that was worth oodles of money.   Profit was the real reason for the intense situation following this artifact, and the reason for killing his friend.  Greed was the only catalyst for such an act.
Rock got up and wondered away as Wallace held Sayla and Benji’s attention with the story of what he was calling, Atlantis.  He was making associative links between the start of cultures all over the world, the beginning of languages, cultivations of crops and building of architecture to the story of Noah’s flood in the bible and how that could be a metaphor to the lost country and its people.  He told them it is no mere coincidence that the bible claims the earth is only five thousand years old.  He was correct with most of the dates and it was quite amazing they all seemed to coincide with each other but Rock wanted to tell them to start a web site like the thousand others that popped up over the last year.  This galactic alignment was the talk of every show, the plot of every movie, and the topic of conversations all over the globe.  He would finally be relaxed as soon as it passed without incident.  More minds were converted to the build up every day. To make matters worse, they just won over a highly touted skeptical scientist to join their ever-flooding ranks.  Who was next? 
The phone rang in the house and Rock was standing next to the receiver. He picked it up.  “Hello,“ he said hoping it was Anna on the line.
“Rock,” the voice was familiar.
“Nate?” He guessed.  “Where are you guys?”
“Delega took Anna”.  
The words pierced him. “Damn it. Where are you, when?”
“When we were in Denver.  I got away. I’m in Chatanooga right now.  I didn’t want to fly into Knoxville after last time.  But I think people know I’m here.  I have information and I need Skylar to pick me up.”
“I’ll send him, you have his cell number, right?”
“I do, I’ll call him in a couple of hours then.”
“Ok, hold tight.”
“One more thing Rock.”
“Ya.”
“Is Sayla there?
“Yeah, she’s here, do you want me to put her on?”
“No.  And listen carefully.  You can’t trust anything she says.  She’s involved in all this somehow.  You need to move, she may already have compromised the cabin location.”
Rock looked over at Sayla but didn’t say anything.  She was intently listening to Wallace.  “Are you sure?”
“She can’t be trusted Rock.  I’m serious.”
“Ok. I’m sending Skylar right now.  We’ll talk when you get here.”
“Ok, bye.”
“Be safe.”  Rock hung up.
Sayla looked up at him, “who was that?”
“Nate.  He says Delega has Anna.  They got her in Denver.  Damn!”  Rock slammed his hand on the table in front of him.  The people closest to him backed off a step.  “She’s knows better than that.”  He grit his teeth together.  “Skylar!”  He yelled.
Skylar meandered into the room.  They had briefly talked in the morning but with all that Wallace had to say, the two of them had yet to catch up.  “What do you need Rock?”
“Nate’s in Chatanooga, at the airport, he needs to get here.  Can you pick him up?”
“I’m on my way.”  Skylar left the room immediately.
“I’m sorry Rock, but I think she knew the risks when she left,” Wallace said.  “She seemed hesitant at the time, but went anyway.”
“I know.  She’s not one to sit still for long.  I’m just hoping they don’t hurt her.”  He briefly thought of Brett but pushed it aside.  “Nate will be here soon, we can find out everything from him.  Personally Wallace, I think we’ve been here too long, we should start getting things ready to go.”
“What do you mean?” Wallace asked, making a confused face.  He looked like someone pinched his nose.
“If you stay in one place too long, you’re going to get caught, it’s only a matter of time.”
“I don’t think anyone is going to find this place,” Sayla said.  “We’re pretty far off the main roads.”
“Well I think we should be able to move quickly if something does happen. Ok?”  She didn’t respond.  “Right now, Sayla, I want you to photograph everything, document all the research, that means high quality pictures of all pages and artifacts here and then I want a back-up of all of Wallace’s findings on my thumb drive.  Got it.”  She nodded and picked up the digital camera.  “And Wallace, help her out, I want everything backed up.  All of your theories I want in digital form, your thoughts typed up and saved.  Everything.”
“That’s a good idea. Ok.”  
Rock started pacing while Sayla began snapping pictures and Wallace sat down at the computer.  He didn’t like this as he recalled Nate’s words. Sayla was involved somehow.  But that didn’t make sense.  She had been with him before this all even began.  She was with him in Costa Rica even before Anna was contracted by Delega. How could she be involved?  He figured Nate must have some sort of evidence and Rock wasn’t going to convict her until he saw it.  
Over the next few hours he barely spoke to anyone.  He allowed the work to be completed and stayed out of the way.  He talked with Benji briefly about where they were to head in the Caribbean and about everything he knew concerning this historical puzzle.  To his dismay the boy didn’t know too much, only that it was his charge to keep until he couldn’t and then to pass it along to another trustworthy individual.  The rest he still kept to himself.  That frustrated Rock to no end but he kept to his word and didn’t push the matter.
Sayla completed her documentation just after noon and Wallace did his best to put his thoughts down so that Rock could have a copy of everything.  They were finishing up as Skylar returned with Nate.  He had been gone just over six hours.  
Nate emerged from the car with wrinkled clothes and dark circles hugging his eyes.  He looked scared and clutched a small bag at his side.  His pupils shifted back and forth.  Rock had seen the symptoms before.    Nate had seen death, and recently.  Not the type of death at a funeral home or hospital.  The young man had witness traumatic death. It was no wonder he suspected Sayla of something.  He was probably paranoid.
“Nate, you doin’ ok?”  He was genuinely concerned.
“I’m fine,” he responded.
“You sure?’
“Yeah.”  He brushed by Rock’s shoulder.  “We need to talk.  Now.” He moved by him into the house and didn’t even look at Sayla as he entered.  His manner wasn’t subtle.
Rock followed him inside holding a hand out to Sayla letting her know to be patient.  “What’s up with him,” she whispered.
“Something happened in Denver.  My guess is he saw someone killed, right in front of him, so it might take some time.  Let me talk to him and see where his head is at.”  Rock followed after Nate and found him sitting in one of the bedrooms.  He sat down next to him.
“What happened in Denver,” he asked.
“We were just checking up on this ring, the one with the rose, like the Coopers.  While we were there, two guys showed up, I thought they must have been part of the Coopers organization.  I was hiding in the other room.  They were going to take Anna.  Then someone killed them, two shots, that’s it, and they’re both dead.  Another guy came in and took Anna, I heard them talking, he was from Delega’s organization.  He also killed the boy we were talking with.  Shot him in the head for no reason.  The kid had nothing to do with it.  And he just shot him.”
“I’m sorry you had to see that.”
“Are they going to kill Anna?”
Rock took a breath.  “I don’t think so.  She’s much more valuable right now alive, so I think she’ll be ok.  She’s smart.  You know that.  She’ll find a way through this.”
He saw Nate visibly relax to his words.  But Rock didn’t know if he felt that way or not.  He’d seen first hand what Delega was capable of.  
“I need to know what you have, or what you think you have against Sayla.”
“She’s with them Rock.  I know it.  I feel it.”  Nate took out a small book from the bag he carried.  He handed it over.  “This is the journal of a man who was in the organization, the keepers of the rose, that’s what they call themselves.  The keepers of the rose,” he repeated.  “It chronicles his journey from the time he was in the US army and looted an artifact from Korea that they wanted.  They recruited him and he accepted, but decided decades later he wanted out.  He wrote down everything, names, locations, plans he was privy to.  Everything.  In it he talked about a place called Barrion imports, a front to bring things in and out of this country.  The man who ran it was Ian Barrion and he had help from his half brother Harrison Burr, Ian’s son was Donald Barrion, they were contracted and an intricate part of the process here in America.”
Rock saw exactly where he was going with this,  “Barrion is a common last name, Nate.  Don’t get ahead of yourself.”
“True, but her father’s name is Donald, I remember her talking about him.  She said he died in a boating accident.  And then she said something about Uncle Harrison.  Do you think that’s a coincidence?  I don’t.  I think it’s fucked up.”
“Are you sure?  Whenever I asked about her parents she dodged the question.  She’s been with us the whole time, and with me even before Anna got the call from Delega.”
“But when did she first start with you?”
“Not long before I was in Costa Rica, which was just before this.”
“And how did you find her?”
“She found me.  And when I checked her out and called professors whom she had in college they only said good things about her.  She seemed genuine.”
“Yeah,” Nate said sarcastically.  “Do you usually have a student with you on your outings.”
“Actually, I had a great young man for two years but he was offered a job just months before.  He wasn’t qualified for the position he was offered, not at the time, but I knew he couldn’t pass up the chance to take it.”  Rock was starting to see what Nate was getting at.  He was set-up.
“That’s a lot of coincidence,” Nate said.
“It is.  But I’m not ready to hang her just yet.”  He had never looked at it that way.  Sayla had come to him at exactly the right time to be involved but not look suspicious.  Nate may have hit on something
“We should probably get out of this place,” Nate said.  “Now that she knows we’re here, they probably do as well.”  He stood up but couldn’t stop shifting. “I’ll call her out right now.  Do you want me to call her out?”
“No,” Rock said.  “Sit down.  Calm yourself.  I’ll do it.  Putting her on the spot in front of everyone could be a poor decision.  I’ll let Wallace know he needs to start packing up and move everything out as soon as possible.”
Rock held out the book to Nate.  He didn’t take it.  “Keep it.  It has a lot of useful information.  I already read it.”  Rock retracted the journal.  
“Ok.  I’ll start making arrangements, you get some sleep.”  Nate reluctantly sat back down.  He hung his head and it fell into his hands.  He looked exhausted.
Rock let him be and walked back into the other room and took Wallace by the arm, dragging him into the kitchen.  The old man fought against him. 
“Stop treating me like a child.  What is it?”
“Stop what you’re doing and pack everything up.  We have to leave as soon as we can.”
“What is all this?  We’re perfectly safe here.  The only people who know where we are, are those people here, Anna and a few of my colleagues.  That is it.  None of whom will say a word.”
“Trust me.  I am not unaware of the circumstances.  It would be safer if we switched locations.”  Rock stared down at the squat man and his look appeared to do more than his words.
“Ok Rock,” Wallace agreed.  “You seem to know more than I do.  I’ll make the arrangements.”  Wallace left him in the kitchen.  He heard the old man scuttle around and begin to relay the message. There were minor protests but everyone knew that things were a little sensitive and if Rock said it was time to go, it was probably time to go.  
Rock walked outside and within a few minutes Sayla came up next to him.  She fell in step.
“How’s Nate,” she asked.
“Tired, he’s had a rough 24 hours.”
“What did he say?  It must have been something important, you’re packing everything up.”
“Sayla,” Rock stopped walking and turned to face her. He felt very large standing next to her.  “I need you to tell me about your father.”
She paused and looked away.  “What exactly did Nate find out,” she said.
“Barrion Imports.  You’re grandfather and father, uncle Harrison, they are all part of the organization that searches for us.  The keepers of the rose, they call themselves.  You being here isn’t coincidence, is it?”
“No,” she said.  Rock wasn’t surprised she didn’t deny it.  She knew it would do no good at this point.  She was too smart for that.
“So what’s your purpose in all this, and how much have you cost me.  I’ve lost more than you know up to this point.”
She took a step back and flipped her hair.  She was looking for an angle, only, at the moment, they both knew there wasn’t one.  “My job was to provide information on you and if applicable, to locate the rose and relay that location as well.”
“You had your chance in Nova Scotia,” he pointed out.
“At that point, I decided I didn’t want to do it anymore.  I couldn’t do that to you and Anna and Nate.  You turned out to be the best person I’ve ever known.  That’s the truth Rock.  I didn’t do it, I couldn’t betray you.”
“At what point.”
“Just after we arrived on Oak Island.”
“So everything before hand, with the Cooper’s, that was all fake.”
She nodded.  “I knew Michael and his brother.  It was to get you involved, they wanted you there to manipulate in case Anna succeeded.  They thought you would do, well, exactly what you did.   Although had you not been there it never would have been found, which is also an outcome they were fine with.”
“This was all a set-up then, what about Delega?”
“This was all to stop Delega.  We knew about Anna and their interest in her before they hired her.  Delega had the choice narrowed between five individuals.  We researched each one and then marked them as best we could.  We found you through researching her, and knew you would be a likely candidate that would be brought on board and so I was sent to you in case she was chosen.  She was, and I became the valuable asset.  Fernando, you’re old apprentice was given an opportunity he couldn’t pass up, as you know.  And the professors were paid off and you hired me.”
“I always thought you were too smart.  So how much time do I have until they get here.”
“I told you I stopped communicating with them at Oak Island.”
“You know as well as I that I can’t take your word on that.”
“I don’t know what else to say.”
“When you made your decision to break from them, as you claim, why didn’t you come clean, you should have told me everything at that point.”
“If I did, you would completely cut away from me and not trust me to do anything, like what you’re doing now.”
“Can you blame me?”
“I can help you.  That’s what I’ve been doing.  I can help to keep you safe, I know how they work.”  
“You’re a good liar,” he said.  “Fool me once, shame on you.  Fool me twice, and the blame’s on me.  Not this time.”
Rock started walking back to the house.  Sayla didn’t follow.  “I’m sorry Rock.”  She yelled.  “I am, I didn’t think it would turn out like this.”
Rock stopped on the front step and spun around.  “What was it supposed to turn out like?  You knew the lengths these people would go to in order to get their hands on what I found.  You knew they’d kill for it.  How else was it going to turn out?  When we go back to Florida, I’ll drop you off at your house, this is as far as you go with me.  And if what you say is true, then you won’t tell them where Benji and I are going.”
“I won’t,” she replied softly.
“We’ll see about that,” he said.  “And by the way, Brett, my best friend, your friend, is dead.  Delega killed him to get to me.  Since you kept this secret from me, you’re part of the reason he’s dead.  I put some of his blood on your hands.  Sleep well tonight.”  He walked back inside.  He clenched his fists at the threshold wondering how he had held back from beating her bloody. 
Chapter 34
Tennessee, August 2012




The place was eerily silent when just hours before it was a flurry of activity.  Not one person, besides Nate, was elated with Rock for making the decision to leave the safety of the cabin.  After his announcement, they didn’t speak to one another and moped around, lethargic in their efforts.  They didn’t see his point.  They thought they were safe.  But Rock believed otherwise.  He harbored a bad feeling about being cornered at the end of this remote mountain road
After hours of work, the place looked clean again and the last of the boxes were ready to be loaded on the vehicles.  They had backed up all the data twice over and didn’t leave any piece of evidence on its own.  Earlier, they had all agreed upon a new location not too far to the North East, in Johnson City.  Wallace had a friend who lived there that agreed to take them in until they could find another suitable location.  
Sayla, he didn’t let do anything.  She couldn’t be trusted and so Rock didn’t assign her a single task. For now, she sat on the couch and hadn’t said much in the past couple of hours.  She tried to talk with Nate when he woke up but he completely blew her off and disappeared into the kitchen.  Rock was fine with her waiting alone.  He disapproved when Wallace approached her.  
The old man sat down, letting out a long breath.  “Sayla dear.  Rock told me why we have to leave.  He also said you claimed to have not had contact with your organization in some time.  I like to give people a second chance, so I hold no ill will towards you if you truly have not betrayed us.”
“I haven’t,” she interrupted.  “I wouldn’t.  I’m done with all that.  It’s the truth.”
“Then I believe you,” he said.  “And there is no reason for us to leave.”
She nodded her agreement.  “No there isn‘t, I haven’t talked to anybody since Oak Island.  There is no way they know you are here.  It’d be stupid to leave.”  Sayla gave her best innocent look.  Her big eyes stared at the old man and then she glanced over to Rock.  
He wasn’t buying it.  
Before he could say anything, Nate struck into the room having overheard the conversation.  He made straight for the couch. “You caused all this.” He stuck his finger into her face.  “Had you told us from the beginning maybe we wouldn’t be hiding and doing all this shit.  I almost got killed a couple of times because of you.  We can’t trust you now.  Nobody can trust you now.  You’re a lying bitch and I don’t know why we haven’t tied you up and locked you in closet.  If it were up to me I’d lock you away and forget about you.” 
Sayla’s eyes welled up with tears.  “I never meant to hurt anyone.  I didn’t know what I was doing.”
“Ignorance is your defense?” Nate shook his head.  “You knew exactly what you were doing.”
“I know now. I stopped.  I’m done.  I don’t know what else to tell you.”  A single tear cut a path down her cheek.  Nate simply turned away.
Wallace sighed.  “I believe her.  Maybe we should stay.”
“I can’t take that risk Wallace.  If she’s lying, they’d kill us if they caught us.”  Rock wouldn’t have anybody else get hurt if he could help it.  He partly blamed himself for Brett and he knew if anyone else died, it would lay squarely on his shoulders.  He had found the relic and now it was clearly a deadly item.  They had to go and hide again or abandon it all together.  The second choice was an option that had crossed his mind more than once.
“Well I can’t get a hold of Mickey now and he’s on his way here to drop off some of my research and contact numbers.  He should be here soon.  We should wait for him before we go.”
Sayla’s face turned white. Her hands started shaking.
“What is it Sayla,” Rock said.
“Mickey,” she whispered.  “It’s Mickey.”  She grabbed Wallace’s arm and squeezed, “did you call Mickey?”
Rock immediately turned to Wallace, “When did Mickey become your assistant?”
“Costa Rica, it was his first trip, same time as Sayla.”
Rock jumped into action.  “Everyone get to the cars now!  Skylar! Get your weapons.”
They all stared at him.  Nobody moved.
“Now!”  Rock grabbed Wallace by the arm and yanked him up.  “Gather whatever is left. We leave in 2 minutes.”
“What?” Wallace looked confused.
“Mickey, Wallace.  He’s one of them.”
“No.  That’s absurd.   Mickey is delicate young man.  He’s harmless”
Sayla stood up.  “Mickey is part of the organization, we don’t leave anything to chance.  I forgot all about him.  I should have thought about it.  He’s with them.  I can’t believe you called him.”
“You fucked us again,” Nate said.  He stormed by her and slammed the front door.
“How long do you think we have?” Rock asked.
“I don’t know, but as soon as Mickey had the location, they would be on their way.  Shit, they’d come fast.  They’re very fast.”
“Then not much, stay or come along.”
“What?”
“Stay for your people or come along. I’m not going to leave you if you want to come, if you’re telling me the truth now, they’ll kill you.  But if you come, when we get to the next town, I’ll drop you off and you’re on your own.”
Before Sayla could respond Nate walked back in the front door.  “I hear helicopters,” he said.  “And they’re getting louder.”
 Chapter 35
Tennessee, August 2012




Rock threw the last case in the back of the old truck.  It fit snuggly with the rest of them.  He quickly tied it down and hopped in the cab.  Benji looked uncertain in the passenger seat.  Sayla sat in the back.  
“I warned you,” he said to Benji.
“I know,” the boy admitted.  His leg was shaking and his breathing had become quick and shallow. He must have finally grasped their situation.  “Easy,” Rock assured him.  “Nothing’s happened yet.”  He patted him on the leg.  The gesture didn’t seem to ease the tension.
Nate pulled out ahead of them.  He drove Wallace’s new truck and managed to squeeze four people inside the cabin along with most of the sensitive gear.  Skylar sat in his passenger seat while Wallace and Marcus Redman sat in the back.  
Behind Rock, Manuel Garcia drove Skylar’s small compact, carrying Kiara Toudrey and Natasha Bilsby.  The three of them were just as jittery as Benji.  They were caught up in something beyond their knowing and were beginning to realize it.  Rock was a little upset with Wallace for having brought them into the situation.  He had chosen to ignore Rock’s urgent warnings and now four more people were in danger because of it.
Nate’s truck lurched forward and Rock followed. They skidded along the road at fast speeds causing their bodies to bounce around like pinballs.  As they made a few right turns he caught brief glimpses of Skylar readying his weapons. Rock had a gun hidden under his seat but didn’t plan on using it.  He’d rather hand everything over peacefully if it came to that.
The helicopter finally arrived and made a single pass overhead. It quickly turned around and began hovering above them as they drove, heading towards the highway.  
“They’re going to have the road blocked,” Sayla said.  “It’s the only way in or out isn’t it?”
“Yeah,” Rock replied.  “As far as I know it’s a single road.” He had chosen the cabin for its remote location and never thought about the escape routes.  It was a poor choice and now they were all caught in a trap of his making.
“Then we shouldn’t go this way.  They‘ll catch us in the open,” she stammered.
“Well where the fuck are we going to go then Sayla?”  His voice was laced with annoyance.
“I don’t know!” She yelled back.  “But they’ll have at least a dozen men there and then however many more in that helicopter.”
“Hold on.”  Rock picked up the radio.  “Skylar,” he called to the other vehicle.
“Ya,” the mercenary’s voice clearly came back.  
“Tell Nate to stop for a moment, I have to talk to you.”  Rock looked to Benji and then to Sayla.  “Watch the helicopter, honk the horn if it looks like anybody is coming down.”  
Red brake lights glared from the front and the vehicle came to a stop.  Rock slid behind them, almost touching the bumper.  He jumped out and ran to the right side of the truck.  He glanced overhead and was grateful to see the canopy of the forest shielded him from the helicopter’s direct sight.  As he came up to the side, Skylar rolled down his window. “Sayla says that they’re going to have the road blocked off some place ahead of us.  She said there’s likely to be a dozen or so men, armed.”
“Why would you listen to her?” Nate interjected from behind the wheel.  “She’s probably just stalling.  Lying again.”
“No, she’s right,” Skylar said.  “If they have a helicopter at their disposal and they know exactly where we were, they’ll have the road blocked off.  It’s only one way in.  Remember?  They wouldn’t alert us to their presence until it was in place.  That’s the smart move.”
“So what do think we should do,” Rock asked.
Skylar forced a smile.  “I say we go through them.  Unless they’ve erected a cement wall, this truck here can punch a hole through most things.  Then you guys can follow on through.”
“That’s it.”  Rock was hoping for some tactical analysis.  He’d known Skylar for years and one of the man’s strengths was strategy.  Unfortunately Skylar’s expression told him there wasn’t much room for maneuvering.
“Do we have another choice other than holing up in the house?  I know how that’s going to end.  Badly.  Plus. I am always one for simplicity and this plan is fairly simple.”  Skylar laughed.  Rock couldn’t believe the man.  He was as calm as ever.  “But if you want, we could go back to the cabin and hold the pieces hostage.  I have a good amount of ammo if we need to try and wait it out.  Though I think eventually we’ll have to come out or they’ll just come on in.  Truthfully I think we have a better chance before they are completely set-up properly and that time is right now.”
Rock shook his head.  “These people want the book but they have gone through much labor to see it was never found. I doubt they would care that much if we destroyed it.  Holding it hostage isn’t going to work.  They’d come in anyway. What about abandoning the trucks and heading into the forest?”
“I’d be fine,” Skylar said.  “But that would only work if we could split up.  A large group could be easily tracked and we have a large group.  And I don’t think all these people are capable of roaming around the mountains for a few days.  And then I’m sure all the nearby establishments, including cabins and rest stops would be monitored, if they have the manpower, but it appears they do.  Again, I think our best shot is to do this now, before they are completely organized.”
Rock straightened up.  As much as he didn’t want a confrontation involving radical and armed men, he knew Skylar was right.  If the helicopter just arrived, the men on the ground might not be completely ready or even still arriving.  Now was the time.  “Ok, we’ll follow you through.”
“Then forward it is.” Skylar said and cocked one of his pistols.  “Just tell everyone to duck down as we do it and once through don’t look back, no matter who might get through and who might not.  Just keep going.”
“Sounds good.  You keep the rose, you’re more likely to get through,” Rock said.  “We have a copy of everything, high quality pictures, translations and all Wallace’s notes.  If even one of us gets through so does the information.”
Skylar nodded.  “Good luck then,” he said.
“You too,” Rock returned.  He held out his hand and they clasped momentarily.  “Nate, Wallace, Marcus.”  We’ll see you once we’re out of this.”  Rock gave them a nod of assurance.
As he was leaving, Skylar called him back, “Rock.” He turned. “One last thing, if you get out, head towards an airport, the helicopter won’t be able to follow without clearance from the tower.  It’s a long shot but you might be able to lose them.”
“Thanks.”  Rock jogged back.  He passed by his truck and came to the last car in their small train.  He leaned in the window and quickly relayed the plan to Manuel, Kiara and Natasha.  
“But we have nothing to do with all this, we didn’t know what we were getting into, can’t we tell them that,” Kiara said.
“You can, but I don’t think it’s going to make a difference.”
“This is bullshit,” Manuel said.  “Can we go back and hide in the cabin.  Let you sort all this out.”
“That sounds good,” Natasha blurted.  “Let’s do that.  It shows them we’re not a part of this.”
“They’ll come get you,” Rock threw up his hands, he didn’t know what else to say.
“It doesn’t matter, we’re not the ones they want.”
“You are part of this now.  I didn’t want anyone but Wallace involved but he called you.  I can’t help that.  Since you’ve worked on this, you are very much a part of it.  So follow the plan, it’s our best shot.”
“Fine,” Manuel said.  Natasha and Kiara started to object but Manuel hit the steering wheel.  “Enough!  We’re going to go, if he says it’s our best chance then we’ll do it.”  The girls fell silent.
“Thanks, “ Rock said.  “And good luck and I’m sorry you got involved.”  Rock left the car and jogged back to his truck, climbing into the drivers seat.  
“What are we doing?” Sayla asked immediately.
“We’re going through them.”
She cringed. “I don’t think that’s a good idea.”
“We don’t have a choice.”
“Fuck,” Benji added quietly.
The helicopter still hovered overhead.  It’s blades held to a constant, thumping beat.  The noise was unsettling.  In front of him, Nate started driving again.  Rock quickly followed.  He visualized the road from his drive on the way in and decided it would be another ten minutes before they came to the most likely spot for the blockade.  The place he pictured was a small clearing where the road widened out and then quickly narrowed through two large trees.  It would give their pursuers a wide berth to station men and only one small section of road to protect.
The ride was silent.  With the decision to go forward already made, Sayla didn’t say a word and Benji just looked out the window.  Rock didn’t have anything more to say either.  He figured they were each readying themselves for the coming situation. 
The truck in front of them finally came to a sudden stop at a section of the road that curved sharply to the right.  Skylar came over the radio.  “This is probably it, remember, don’t stop, just keep going.  Keep moving forward.  Here we go!”  The truck lurched into gear, squealing around the corner and Rock hit the gas to keep up.  As he looked into his mirror he saw the small compact begin turning around. 
“Fuck,” he said as they slid around the corner.  But there was nothing he could do about that now.  Immediately, gunfire erupted from the front and little sparks ricocheted off both vehicles as they screamed towards the blockade. Sayla and Benji ducked and Rock squatted down just enough so he could still see.  Skylar was leaning out the passenger window returning fire from a weapon in each hand.
The impact was immediate. Nate’s truck burst into a little clearing and then slammed into the front of a parked SUV, busting through the engine block and turning the car in a complete circle.  In what seemed like slow motion, Rock witnessed men flinging themselves out of the way but many were caught up in the collision.  Bodies flew through the air and screams of pain erupted from those that couldn’t react quick enough to avoid the vehicles.  The truck made it through but lost the front left tire and veered off to the left, violently colliding with a tree.  The engine block burst into flame and the bodies inside jumbled together like jell-o.
A bullet suddenly flew through Rock’s windshield, throwing bits of glass over his face. It shattered a small hold between him and Benji and continued to crash into the back window as well.  Without thinking Rock slammed his foot down on the gas and aimed directly for the gap made by the truck.  He shot through it, scraping against the backside of the destroyed SUV.  He kept his foot down and drove away from the scene, leaving behind his friends.  A quick glance in the mirror brought flashes of light from the barrels of guns still firing but they all missed and soon he was beyond their range.  
A few miles later Rock came to the highway and turned West, heading for Knoxville.  Above, the helicopter shadowed them.  The door was wide open and they were taking shots at the truck but nothing made much of a connection.  After a few minutes, the helicopter suddenly gave up its pursuit and sped away from them.  They watched it follow the road and then begin to lower.  It settled on the highway, cutting off their route.
“Turn around, turn around,” Sayla said.
“You don’t think they’ll be coming after us in their other vehicles,” Rock shot back.  “We have to keep going this way.”
Rock slowed to a stop thirty yards from the helicopter.  He opened the door and stepped out.  Across from him, one man got out of the chopper and started cautiously walking forward.  He immediately recognized Michael Cooper.   The man held a gun steady in his hands and pointed it directly at Rock.  
“Hand me the gun,” Rock told Sayla.  She fumbled under his seat for a moment and then handed it over.  He took it and held it low, behind the open door.  He wanted desperately to fire two shots into the man in front of him but he couldn’t risk it.  Not now.  He only had a few bullets. There would be no ability to reload if a gun battle started.  He couldn’t afford to waste ammo.  But the anger boiled within, reaching his trigger finger.  It twitched.
When Michael Cooper was far enough away from the noise of the blades he yelled over, “Rock, give it up, I don’t want to kill you.”
“Cooper, you know I can’t do that.”
“Yes you can.  Like I told you before, this isn’t of your concern.  Just hand over everything and I’ll let you go, let everyone out and let us search you and the vehicle and take what we need, then we‘ll leave you and your friends alone.”
“No you won’t. I’m not stupid.”
“You can’t go anywhere Rock.  I have men coming right behind you.”
Rock looked behind him but didn’t see any pursuit at the moment.  “Can you fly that thing,” he yelled.
“What?”
“I’ll take that as a no.”  Rock quickly brought the gun up and shot two rounds into the pilot side of the helicopter front window.  He immediately ducked as Michael Cooper started firing.  The first bullet whizzed above him and another two slammed into the door.  Rock crawled back into the car, shifted into gear and hit the pedal.  He drove onto the shoulder and sped by as men jumped out of the helicopter and started firing.  The bullets slammed into the truck.  The windows exploded and small bits of glass flew over their hunched bodies.  But in moments, the gunshots faded as they drove away.  He dared put his head up and looked behind them.  He was relieved to see the chopper still sitting on the ground.  He must have made contact.
A few miles down the road Rock swiftly turned onto a small junction and floored it.  The worn truck shook with effort but Rock wasn’t about to let up.
“Why’d we turn?” Sayla said.
“Cause I don’t know if someone else can fly that thing and the men that follow in the cars will assume we’re still on the highway.  They’ll all think we’re headed towards Knoxville.  And if they find us again, they won’t make the same mistakes.  We have to go a few more miles and turn again and keep off the main roads until we can get out of the area.”  
“Do you think you killed that man flying the chopper,” Benji asked.  It was the first words he muttered since the whole thing started.  
“I don’t want to think about it,” Rock said.  “I truly hope I didn’t but it was either him or us.”
“It was a good shot.  And when you think we’re safe, I have to pee.”
Rock reached between his legs and handed him an empty soda bottle.  He made his next right and kept his eyes towards the sky and his ears open for the beat of metal blades.
Chapter 36
Tennessee, August 2012




Elias was pissed off.  His brow was creased to form little pockets and he dripped sweat as though he’d been sitting in a sauna. He hadn’t said a word since they lost Rock.  For the moment, he brooded silently.  Michael was sure he’d explode at some point in the near future, most likely in his direction.
After Rock killed the pilot with two well-placed shots, there wasn’t anyone left in the chopper that could fly it.  Luckily, there was a second pilot with the ground teams and he was quickly brought to the scene.  By the time all that could happen, Rock had eluded them and disappeared somewhere on the roads of rural Tennessee. They continued the search for another couple hours but had to return due to low fuel.  On the way back, they were dropped off at the blockade sight.  
Michael found the scene disturbing.  It had the gritty feel of something out of a war movie.  The ground was littered with metal bits, broken off from the collision of vehicles and they were mixed in with various small trails of blood and scraps of flesh.  Wounded men were lain out to the side being tended to in a field type scenario.  Their cries of pain weren’t going to ebb anytime soon.  They should be rushed to the hospital but Michael knew Elias wouldn’t give them the luxury.  He’d ship them off to his own doctors once they were stabilized.  Otherwise they’d be left here for dead.  
Michael could ignore most of the scene without much of a problem.  It was the line-up that he felt was inhumane. In the middle of the small clearing were four men and two women on their knees with hands held behind their backs and two men standing behind them, pointing guns.  It was going to be an execution.   
Despite his feelings, Michael didn’t flinch.  After Elias had killed Gavin and the other heads in Miami, he had made Michael second in command due to his knowledge of the parties involved.  His sole purpose was to retrieve Rock Tilton and the rose and his reward for accomplishing this task would be his brother.  Elias was holding Malcolm hostage and as long as Michael played along, he would live.  It wasn’t a positioned he would have chosen, but it was what he’d been dealt.
He confidently walked up to one of his men.  “Fill me in.”
The man rolled his head around and looked at Michael.  His dismissive attitude told that he’d been in this situation before. “Five of ours dead.  Three wounded.  Three of the five were killed by gunfire, two by the collision.  Only one of theirs dead, he’s still hanging out the truck.”  The man pointed to the smashed vehicle.  The fire had been contained but black smoke still billowed from beneath the crumpled hood.  As he stated, one body hung out the window, half a torso inside and half out.
“What about them,” he asked pointing to the line-up.
They both looked at the prisoners.  It was the only term Michael could use that fit their description.   “The three men we took out of the truck, the other guy and the two women we found hiding back at the cabin.”
“And the artifacts?”  They were his highest concern.
“We believe to have acquired the rose.  It was in the back of the truck.”  Michael sighed.  Maybe he’d get Malcolm back sooner than he thought.
“Like I said, nothing goes to plan.”  Elias said, startling Michael as he came up next to him and patted him on the shoulder.  He didn’t know what to make of the friendly gesture.  
“True, but we did get what we came for,” he responded.  “The rose is yours.  Congratulations Elias, you’ve accomplished what hundreds of others could not.”
“Yes, it is mine,” his smug look showed he was pleased with himself.   “But we still might have a little problem.”
“That being?”
“Rock and whoever else was in that truck got away.”
“But they didn’t have the rose, they are inconsequential.”  Unless they made copies, Michael thought.  He hoped Elias wouldn’t draw the same conclusion.
“I think we should probably make sure.”  Elias pushed by him and came to stand before the four men and two women.  He clasped his hands behind his back and began walking the line, studying each one.  Most of them knelt with their eyes lowered and head down.  The only one that didn’t was the boy on the end.  
He recognized that young man from Oak Island.   Nate, he recalled. Anna’s assistant.  The old man, kneeling next to Nate was Wallace Bimby, but the other four were unknown.  They weren’t in any of the briefings or files he had been given.  He wondered if they even knew what was going on.
Elias finally stopped at the end and smiled into Nate’s unblinking eyes. “We have the book and the plate,” Elias said to him. “The rose is mine.  Now I need to know if any copies were made and where those might reside.”  He knelt down and came face to face with the boy, “Nate,” he said calmly.  “I’m think I’m going to start with you.  You seem, eager to talk.”
The boy didn’t flinch at the threat laced within the words. “Go fuck yourself,” Nate said.
Michael silently laughed.  To his surprise, Elias stayed calm.  “Everyone is always courageous at the beginning,” Elias responded moving a step over and stopping in front of Wallace. “What about you old man, care to enlighten me with any pertinent information?”
Wallace coughed and then spit out a small trickle of blood.  Some of it spilled out his mouth and slowly crept down his chin getting caught in the grey stubble just above his neck.  His hands were tied behind his back and he couldn’t wipe it off.  “I have nothing to say,” he answered.
Elias remained calm as before and straightened and walked over to the next two people.  “Ok.  I guess you two are up.”  He stood before the other two men.  “Tell me your names?”
“Marcus,” one of them answered.
“Manuel,” said the other immediately afterwards.  Michael could tell they didn’t know what they were involved with.  They weren’t privy to all the information and as such thought cooperation was the best action.  They were wrong.  There was nothing they could do or say that would help their situation.
Elias bent down to their level, settling on a single knee.  “Manuel, Marcus.  Is there anything you’d like to tell me about what you were doing here.”  His voice was soft and controlled which was more eerie that if he’d been ranting and screaming like the man Michael knew he was on the inside.  This Elias, the one he was showing now, was the more deadly one, the more devious and far more violent.  Calm and controlled was much worse the erratic.  An erratic man can be countered and fooled and dealt with much easier.  A controlled man takes a more cautious approach.  Michael didn’t like what he was witnessing.  In this state, Elias would never allow his brother to go free.  The threat of harm to Malcolm made it too easy to control Michael.
The first man began stammering.  His words were falling out quicker than his mouth could form them. “We were just, we were, just, just, we were translating that text and running tests on the things.  That’s it.  That’s it.  Just another job, really we had no clue anybody wanted this or it was stolen or anything.  We knew nothing.  I never even met most of these people before.”  He started heaving in big breaths.  Michael thought he might pass out.
“Same as him,” Manuel, the man next to him burst in.  “We were just hired to translate and work out the equations and such.  Like he said, we know nothing about this or you or anybody.  Please, just let us go, we don’t belong here, you should let us go.”  Michael knew they would tell Elias anything to live.  It could be the truth and it might not be.  But you could never know, weak people would give him any answer they thought he wanted to hear.  
“I don’t give two shits about what you think I should do.  But I do need to know if copies were made, and if so where they are, and also where the fuck is Rock Tilton going.  Those,” he cupped Marcus under the chin and brought his head up so their eyes met.  “Those are the answers I need and if the next words out of your mouth don’t give me one of those answers, well, I’ll kill you.”  Elias reached to his waist and drew out his gun and shook it lightly in front of them.
“Wait, wait, but we don’t,” Marcus stammered.   The blast caught Michael off guard and he winced at the sound.  He opened his eyes as Marcus was falling sideways.  His limp body collapsed in the dirt and blood started leaking from the hole in his forehead.  His eyes remained open.
Elias rose from his kneeling position, seemingly unaffected.  He took out a cloth from his pocket and started wiping off his face where the blood spatter had covered him.  He looked back to Michael, “I warned him.” Elias shrugged his shoulders in a helpless display as though he had no choice in his decision.  “You heard me.”  In the background one of the women started to panic, her breathing became fast and she started an uncontrolled whimpering.  Turning back to his captives, Elias slowly stepped towards her.
He bent his head down and whispered, “now I don’t know who you are and I have a feeling you didn’t know anything you were getting into with this. For that I’ll apologize.  But truly there is no need for you to die.  I just need to know if you made copies and if so where they are.  It’s simple, really.”
“I..I.. I don’t know,” she said.  She started crying.
“Ok, let’s take this step by step,” Elias said.  “Did you make copies?”
She nodded.  
“Good.  That’s a good answer.  Now do you know where they are?”
The woman started crying again, “I..I.. don’t know.”  Elias shook his head in feigned disappointment and moved over to the woman at the end.    
“Well hi. Unfortunately you’re the last stop for this group and I do hope, for everyone’s sake, that you have some better answers.  Because if you don’t, I’ll kill her first,“ he brought his gun up and pressed it into the previous woman’s temple.  The barrel squeezed firmly into the flesh.  “Now, where are the copies?”
The woman answered immediately.  “The last I saw, the girl who is with Rock was making them.”
“What’s her name?”
“Sayla.”
Elias turned away.  “Fuck that bitch,” he said to himself and cringed.  “Just like her fucking father.”  He quickly composed himself and turned back to the woman.  “And where are they going?”
“Somewhere in the Caribbean, I overheard, that’s all I know.  I wasn’t involved in that conversation.”
“Where exactly?”
“I told you I don’t know that, but I do know they were going to find the missing pages.” 
“Missing pages?  Interesting.”  He turned to Michael.  “Did you know about missing pages?”
Michael knew better than to lie.  He nodded. “There is a portion of the rose that is missing, Rock is trying to find it.”  Elias looked briefly upset but didn’t say anything.  He turned back to the woman.
“But you don’t know where, right?  The Caribbean is a big place.”
“No, I don’t think they even know yet.  They seemed jumbled.”
“That’s too bad because at this point that’s the answer I needed most.”  Elias shifted his gun to point directly ahead and killed the woman with a shot to the forehead.  Once again, blood spattered into his face as the woman’s body jerked with the shockwave and then fell to the dirt.  The first woman started wailing hysterically.
“Shut up.”  Elias said before wiping himself down.  She didn’t hear him and the screaming intensified.  “Shut up,” he repeated.  But at this point Michael could see the woman was in shock and there was nothing any of them could do.  There was only one option to get her to be quiet and Elias had no trouble exercising it.  This time, Michael didn’t jump at the sound.  He was expecting it.  The screaming stopped abruptly, the body folded to the ground and once again the little road was silent.  
Elias took out his cloth and slowly wiped off his face.  “I need to wear glasses when I do this,” he said more to himself than anybody else.  When he was finished, he walked back towards Wallace and Nate.  On his way, he turned to look the opposite direction and shot Manuel in the head.  The blood mist didn’t reach his face and he grinned with amusement. 
He turned back and came to a slow stop in front of last two captives.  He looked down at them and waited until they both looked up into his eyes.  Michael saw the corners of his mouth tighten in an even more devious smile. “Now that we have the randoms out of the way, I think you two might know a little more.”
Chapter 37
Tennessee, August 2012




Anna tapped her foot impatiently.  It could be a bad decision leading to a worse situation to take Delega to the cabin.  She didn’t know much about the man other than he was using her.  That was the only part she could be sure of.  She had been used before and sometimes it was advantageous as long as both people’s goals were considered.  But with Delega, she truly didn’t know what he was capable of doing much less his final intentions.  That was the scary part.
“You seem distracted,” Vitori picked up on her apprehension.
“Can you blame me,” she replied.  “This isn’t the situation I thought I would find myself in when this whole thing started.”
“Nor I,” Vitori said.  “But yet we are here and must do what we must.”
Anna had flashbacks as they sped down the road.  She recalled her, Nate and Skylar’s path from the airport.  The memories came back easily, Skylar popping himself out the top of the car and firing while she drove under cruise control and Nate huddled in the back not wanting to even look forward.  Somehow they had come through that unscathed and she could only hope this would work out the same.
They turned off the highway and onto the dirt road that led towards the cabin.  It wasn’t far now.  She felt the dampness under her arms as she began to sweat.  That was something she couldn’t control and it would make for a miserable rest of the ride until she could air herself out.  
Suddenly the car came to an abrupt stop sending them pushing forward against their seatbelts.  The doors to the front vehicle flew open and men positioned themselves behind the shields with weapons drawn.  
“What is it?” Vitori poked his head to the front, staring out the window.
The driver quickly relayed the information.  “There are two vehicles up ahead, one them is off the road with a man’s body hanging from the window.  The other is totaled.  Stay here sir, we’re checking it out.”  Vitori’s men started inching forward.
Anna forgot about her discomfort, unlatched her belt and looked straight out the windshield.  She could just make out the truck with its front end lodged into the trunk of a tree.  Her heart started quickening as she recognized Wallace’s truck.  “Who is it,” she asked.  “Who is that?”  She started shaking.  Were they too late?  Was that Skylar, or Wallace?
She watched the men move slowly forward to secure the location.  A lone man came back a minute later to address Vitori.  “There are ten bodies, I’m afraid nobody lives.  It looks like the truck had run into the SUV that was trying to block the road out of here.  There are a lot of shells on the ground and most of the dead were killed by gunshot.  Six of them look to have been executed.”  
Anna’s heart raced, she thought she was going to faint.  The world spun in circles.  She tried to regain her composure but she became too dizzy and collapsed into the leather seat.  “Water, someone get some water,” she heard Vitori say.  She saw him lean over her, “Anna, Anna.  Breath, catch your breath.”  She heard her own gasps to get air.  It felt like someone was sitting on her chest.  You don’t know who they are, she told herself.  It could be anyone.  Her breathing finally came under control and she took a sip from the water bottle Vitori held out to her.  She took deep gulps of air and then sat up.  She opened the door letting in a fresh breeze.  It fell over her damp skin and quickly brought her back to the moment.  She immediately jumped out and stood up, bracing herself against the car.  She took a step forward.
“Anna, are you sure you want to go over there?”  Vitori asked from inside.  “We could identify them for you, there’s no need for you to look.  It might not be prudent.”
“No. I need to see.”  
Anna started down the road.  It would only be a short walk to the site.  She came to the truck and saw Skylar hanging out the window.  His tattooed arm she recognized immediately.  She swallowed hard as tears whelmed up in her eyes.  She didn’t much agree with the man but he had been her friend nevertheless and had saved her life.  Now he was gone.  His limp body hung oddly from the truck.  Nobody had even bothered to lay him on the ground.  She walked by two more bodies that she didn’t recognize and then came up to the place where six people lay side by side, having been executed in the middle of the road.  
She scanned the bodies until her gaze fell on the last one.  A sudden pain seared through her, it felt like someone was ripping out her insides.  She averted her eyes but they kept daring back to the scene as though looking away would change the result.  Tears began dripping down her cheeks but she had yet to make a sound.  She couldn’t, her throat had gone completely dry once she recognized Nate’s lanky body sprawled in the dirt.   He’d been shot in the head and his eyes were open, staring up into the sky.
She ran over and fell to her knees placing her hands on his side.  He was still warm.  She quickly closed his eyes.  “Why are you here,” she said.  “Not you.  Not you.”  She started sobbing.  How could he be here, he was in Colorado.  Why did he come back?  This was her fault.  This entire situation was her fault.  Nate was her best friend, as close as a brother.  Her head fell down onto him and she buried herself in his shirt.  She felt her body weaken and threaten to fall into a small heap and die.  
Vitori came up next to her.  “I’m sorry,” he said, laying a hand on her back.  “It appears that we missed them by little more than an hour.”
“Get away from me!” Anna yelled.  She shot upright and pushed him with both hands.  He staggered backwards and almost fell from the unexpected outburst.  “This is your fault!  You had to pick me, me and Nate.  This is bullshit! I hate you.  Stay the fuck away from me.”  Anna pointed at him and jabbed her finger in the air.  Rage filled her head but just as quickly it faded into nausea.  She stumbled over to a small tree and threw up.  She retched until there was nothing left and knelt down hugging the trunk.  “Nate. Wallace.  God I hope your ok Rock.  Where are you?”
“We need to find him, we can help him,” she once again heard the old man’s voice.   He was right behind her.  “But we need to know where he is and where he’s going.  And we need to find the rose and get it back.”
“Fuck your damn rose,” she sneered, bracing herself and coming to a standing position. 
“I’m sorry for your loss, but its imperative we get that book.”
“What do you know about loss?”
“The people who killed your assistant also killed my wife and eldest son.  I know much about loss.”
Anna looked away.  “I didn’t know.” She felt foolish for letting her anger get the best of her.  But she wasn’t about to apologize. 
“I know.  You need to mourn later for your friends, but right now we need to get to Rock and find out what he knows.  We can help him.  We’re the only ones who can.”
Rock was all she had left.  “I’ll help you, but if only to keep him safe.”
One of Vitori’s bodyguards came up to the old man’s side.  “Sir I got word from the cabin, nobody is back there, and its empty.”
“Thank you,” he replied.  “See to it these bodies are picked up and clean this place up. And be respectful.  Let’s go Anna.  We need to move.”
“Give me a moment,” she said.
“Of course.”
Anna walked over and knelt between Wallace and Nate.  “I’m sorry,” she whispered to them.  “In some way I’ll find who is responsible and make sure they face justice.”  She let her tears hit the dirt.  She picked up Nate’s hand and kissed the back of it.  “Good bye,” she squeezed his hand.  “You were the best friend I ever had.”  She gently ran her hand over his eyes and shut them for the last time.
Anna pushed herself up and stalked back towards the line of vehicles.  She passed by Vitori Delega.  “Let’s go,” she said, steeling her thoughts from what she had just seen. 
“Where to,” he quickened his step to catch up.
“Florida.  I’ll find Rock when we get there.”  When they made it to the vehicles, she slid inside the car, slammed the door and tried not to cry.
Chapter 38
Florida, August 2012




Benji pointed them to the East as they skipped across the open ocean in Rock’s boat.  He told him to head towards the Berry islands located just North of the Bahamas.  Rock recalled the area from previous dives and knew it for only a small landmass with a simple airport and a population of around seven hundred.  It was mostly known for its hundreds of minor islands as well as a being a great spot for big game fishing.  This time of year, it wouldn’t be as crowded, which was a good thing.  If whatever was hidden was located on one of the many cays, Rock wouldn’t want to run into the land’s owner while he searched the place.
The trip would take them six and half hours and it was this long stretch when he first missed Sayla’s meaningless banter.  He had decided to part ways despite all of her new found assurances of being on his side.  After they had escaped from the cabin, he drove to within an hour of Miami, opened the door and made her get out.  He didn’t tell her anything other than to leave and then silently drove away.  That was hopefully the last he’d ever deal with her.  
When land came in sight, Benji stood up next to Rock and pointed.  “What island is that?”
“You’re the one with the map,” he said sarcastically.
“But you’re the one who knew what direction and route we’re taking.”
“That’s whale cay,” Rock said.
Benji sat back down as Rock aimed for the little shoreline.  When he was relatively close, he shut the motor down and looked backwards.  Benji immediately took out his notebooks and started glancing between his notes and the maps he laid out on the deck.
“Anything,” Rock said.  “Where we off to next.”
“Give me a moment,” Benji said.
Rock took out some crackers and a soda and closed his eyes, trying to rest for a little bit.Twenty minutes later Benji finally spoke.  “Ok.  I think I know which island its on.  Hoffman’s Cay.  Yeah.  That’s it.
“Are you sure?”
“Yeah, why?”
“I’ve only been there a few dozen times.  The blue hole in the middle is a tourist spot.  Who would have thought all those times I was so close to a great treasure and never knew it. Ok boss, here we go.”  Rock fired up the engine and once again headed to the North. 
They passed by a few of the other larger cays on the way and when they arrived Rock anchored them near one of the beaches close to the famous blue hole.  He figured it might be the place Benji needed as a landmark in order to start their search.
“Any ideas if we’ll be slashing through vegetation or digging in dirt,” he asked.
“Nope.”
“Do they have the inland lake marked there?”
“Actually yes,” Benji replied.  “In fact the map is based on it.
Rock smiled.  It seemed like a good fit.  Even though Benji held all the cards, he still had the instincts.  He might be able to find something just by looking around.
Rock anchored his boat, inflated a small raft and together they rowed inland.  Rock donned his backpack and threw one to Benji, who dutifully put it on.  “I’ll take you to the blue hole and you can lead from there.”
They trudged inland on a worn trail made by thousands of steps from adventurous tourists.  It saved them from cutting through what might have been annoying brush.  The place hadn’t changed much in the years since he’d been there but he didn’t believe it had changed much in the past few hundred years.  Lucky for them this global warming thing hadn’t put the whole place underwater by now.   
Half a mile into their hike they came to the famous blue hole.  Rock looked around the rim and then down at a twenty-five foot drop directly into the water.  There was no known bottom to the inland lake, which was fed through underwater caves by the ocean.  This was the place many tourists took the plunge and if he wasn’t so caught up in finding the lost pages, he’d jump in to cool himself off.
Benji leaned over and stared down into the water.  Rock wanted to push him, but refrained for the moment.  “Ok leader,” he continued with his sarcastic tone, “where to now?”
“The South end of the lake,” Benji replied.
They were on the West edge having anchored on that side of the island.  Rock took out a short machete and sliced their way around to the southern tip.  It opened up to a flat area of rock and they stopped as Benji began looking around to gather his bearings.
Rock stared at him impatiently.  
“Ok, this is where we are supposed to be.  This is the spot marked on your map.”
“I don’t see much here,” Rock said.  
“I know.  I might need your help on the next part.”
“Oh, and here I thought I was your pack mule.”  Benji frowned at him.  “Sorry, what is it?”
“I translated the first coded part and got us here.  The next part I have had translated for a while but I can’t make any sense of it.  It’s a poem or riddle or something.”
“You’re in luck, that’s my specialty.”
Benji opened his notebook and started reading.  
“The place of rest is buried high, overhead to keep it dry.  Unless the water rises fast where it never reached into the past.  Of wind and sun the walls may feel, but not the box that’s locked with steel.  Find the burst with rays adrift, to break inside and clasp the gift.”  Benji looked up sheepishly as he finished.
“You translated that from that weird code written on the map.”
“Yes, it has to be right, it even rhymes.”
“I have no doubt it’s right but it just doesn’t make any sense to write a poem at this stage in the game.  The man must have had a flurry for the dramatic and thought he was an artist.”
“Do you have any idea what it means?”
“Of course I do.  It’s plain English, he didn’t go to much trouble to hide it, I mean if we got this far what’s the point in hampering us any further.”
“So you know where it is.”
“Pretty much.  Buried overhead means its not in the ground but probably in a wall of some sort that overhangs, like the small caves below us right now.  That way the pages wouldn’t succumb to moisture if they hid them correctly.  The next line just says that they are out of sight of wind and sun, so blocked by rock.  And finally the last line says we need to look for a symbol, a starburst or sun burst with rays, and then remove something blocking an opening and find a box.  It’s pretty straightforward. I told you.  This Robert Ryder must have been a romantic or had a woman around him at the time he thought to do this.  Now let’s get down into those caves.”
Rock was at home in this environment.  He looked over the edge and off to the sides and finally decided on the best place to quickly but safely make his way down.  It only took a couple of minutes and he was in a shallow cave that came right up to the edge of the water.   The top of the rock overhang arched like a high domed ceiling and Rock was surprised at the size.  He misjudged it on the way in.  
Benji finally came to the bottom and immediately started looking around the cave wall, searching for the sign Rock said would be there.  “I don’t see it,” he said quickly.
“And you’ve looked a whole 5 seconds.  It’ll probably be faded but it’ll be noticeable, just keep looking and look slowly, don’t whip your head around.  Treat it like one of those stupid magic eye pictures, let your eyes settle and it will probably pop out.”
Just as his words ended Benji started jumping, “I got it, right here!  Look.”  He was pointing up to where the wall met the ceiling.  A bunch of jumbled loose rock was thrown together at the top and jutting out were seven rays that were part of the natural formation.  Rock was surprised.  He was looking for more of a painted on faded sun burst.  This one was naturally forming and it made sense, this one would last much longer.
He quickly found a few footholds in the rock and climbed up to where he could reach the jumbled center.  Benji held a hand to Rock’s back to steady him and keep him from falling backwards.  Rock pried a few of the stones out and threw them aside.  One of them he had to use both hands and yank backwards almost toppling them both.  Finally it came loose and it dropped to the floor.  He couldn’t see inside but reached his hand in and felt around.  He didn’t feel anything at first and his mind wondered if some tourist had already happened on it.  His heart skipped as that scenario played through but then his fingers felt something smooth and he grabbed.  His hand formed around a box and he pulled it out of the opening and jumped back to the ground.
In his hand Rock held an old wooden box, it was well preserved and didn’t look to have any cracks or broken seams.  There was a rusted steel lock that would have to be broken but it looked old and frail so it wouldn’t pose a problem.  “We have it,” Rock smiled at Benji, “I told you it would be easy.”
“This part,” Benji said.  
“Yes, this part,” he repeated back to him.  Rock wanted to get back to the boat as quickly as possible, he needed to see if everything inside the box was ok and his tools to break the lock were stored on board.  “Let’s go,” he said and started back the way they had come.  Without another word they made it back to the beach and were quickly paddling back to the boat.
Rock climbed out of the inflatable raft first and then helped Benji up and into the boat.  He set aside the box and started gathering everything in.  When he finished, he turned to find Benji holding the box to his chest, near the edge, as far from Rock as he could get.
“What’s up Benji,” he said knowing something was going on and it was something he wasn’t going to like.
“I need to know if you’re worthy and I don’t know how to decide.  You seem worthy, you seem trustful and a good guy but I don’t know.”
“Where’s this coming from?  We’ve been through a lot.  I think you know me much better than I know you.  I’m pretty sure this has something to do with your part in all this.  Tell me what’s going on and we’ll figure this out.”
Benji took a deep breath.  “My charge was to keep safe the code that was able to translate your map.  Should anyone figure it out and come to me then my sole job was to discover their intentions and their heart.  I am supposed to judge your character and if it is good, then I was to lead you here, if not, I would send you elsewhere or destroy everything.”
Rock leaned back and made no sudden movements.  He calmly replied.  “That makes sense with something of this magnitude, if they believed it is what those after us believe it to be.  If it fell into the wrong hands, the information would be used in a malevolent way and it’s too important for that.  You and those before you were the safeguard put into place, I thought as much a couple of days after I met you.  You’re meant to keep the most important information away from selfish and evil people, just in case they were the ones to find the rose.”
“Right,” Benji said.
“Then the real question is, what do you think about me?”
“I like you Rock.”
“But this could all be an act, is that what you’re thinking?  That I’m really some monster just waiting to get my hands on those pages and then kill you and use the information to gain some advantage.”
“No, that’s not it at all.  I’m afraid you’ll give it to the keepers or to Delega for something in return. Maybe Anna, or Nate and Wallace.  I’m afraid by letting you have these pages, they will fall into the wrong hands, just like the rose.  It’s my charge to stop that from happening.  Even if it’s to destroy the page, forever.”
Rock lost his smile.  He saw Benji’s reasoning and knew the boy meant every word.  And he was correct.  What he was suggesting was a possibility.  “I see your point.  Your whole plan was to come here and destroy these pages.”
“Not at first, not when you had control of the rose.  But you don’t anymore, so yeah, I was planning on destroying them.”
“Why haven’t you?”
“I don’t know.”  Benji’s grip started shaking on the box.  One quick toss overboard and Rock knew that there was nothing he could do to restore what would be lost.  
“I need those pages Benji.  They could be the only leverage I have with the keepers or even with Delega.  I need those pages to put all this together, to get Anna back, to get Nate and Wallace back, to get these people off my back.  I need to complete this thing.  I need to see it through.”
Benji stared at him but said nothing.
“I can’t make the promise that they won’t get their hands on them.  But I can tell you I won’t hand them over as a bargaining chip.  I will study them and you and I will be the only ones to see them.  I need to see what they say, what they know.”
“But then you become a liability,” Benji said.
“But I would have been anyways.  Where does it stop?  I would have seen the pages and had the rose.  What if everything was taken after we found the pages and not before, then they’d have everything right now.”
“The rose and these pages should never be together anymore, they should remain separate.”
“Then what’s the point of all of this,” Rock waved his hands.  “What have we been doing?  We’ve found what could be the most significant discovery in modern times and you trust me right?”
“Yeah.”
“Then you’ve done your job.  You’ve led someone you trust to find these pages.  Let me do my part now and interpret them and use them to help us.”
Benji pulled the box from his chest and held it with one hand, extending it outwards.  He moved it over the edge of the boat and held it out over the water.  Rock didn’t say anything.  Then, in one sweeping motion Benji tossed the box over to Rock.  It hit him in the chest and he caught it in both hands.
Benji slumped into the seat, “don’t make me regret this.”
“You made the right choice.” Rock said.  He quickly set to work and smashed the lock.  As he expected, it broke apart easily.  He slid the box open and inside rested over two dozen well preserved pages.  He carefully fingered through them while Benji peered over his shoulder.
“I can’t make sense of any of this,” he said.  The pages were filled with graphs and scribbles and much of the language Wallace had deciphered back at the cabin.  He needed that information in order to know what was being said.
“Wait,” Benji stopped Rock from flipping so quickly.  “Look on the back.”  
Rock flipped them over.  On the back was the outline of a land mass and there were places filled in with small lettering around the shaded regions.  On the next sheet, it was the same only with a different shaped landmass.  He thumbed through a few more and they all were different maps.
“What do you think?” Benji said.
“I think we’ve found our safe zones according to the so called Atlantians.  We just have to match these maps to the according land areas.
“That easy,” Benji said.
“My guess is the maps are for dummies, the equations on the front in the crazy language is for the smart people.  They couldn’t be sure who would find this.  The maps are general, so not exact like the equations.  But they’ll work.  Maybe when we get back I can start translating these with what Wallace gave us in his notes and tables.”
Rock put the pages back in the box and shut the cover.  “You did good Benji.  I respect the way you handled this.  Even if you had dropped these pages into the ocean, I would have been pissed, but I would have respected your decision.  You’re a lot like me and I’d like to think that’s a compliment.  You think things through and come to your own decision.”
“Thanks,” he said.
“But.”  Rock watched him roll his eyes.  “But I think once we get back, you should cut ties with all of this.  It’s too dangerous.”
“I’ll make that decision when we get back.”
“Fair enough.”  Rock throttled up the engine and headed for home.
Six hours later, it was dark and Rock cut the motor and they glided into the dock.  Behind him, Benji rested silently, staring up at the sky.  The stars were numerous, out away from the city lights. A few looked as though they were flashing softly in the deep navy blue.  The two of them hadn’t spoken in awhile.  But Rock welcomed the silence.
Once they came to a stop, Rock jumped to the side and gathered up the rope and quickly tied them to the landing.  He grabbed three bags and slung them over his shoulders making sure one of them was the one that held the thumb drive copies and the newly found pages.
“Let’s go,” he said and jumped up onto the wooden planks.  Benji silently followed.  
Their pace back to the truck was brisk, and more than once Rock almost slipped, catching himself on the railing.  A few people were also returning and one, even looked to be heading out at this hour.  But Rock paid them little heed.  He kept his eyes darting to the shadows.  If they left without incident, the return should be the same, unless Sayla couldn’t keep to her word.
Once off the dock, they jogged through the parking lot and another block inland until Rock could see the truck, parked where he had left it.  He tucked himself alongside an old brick building and pulled Benji into the shadows with him.  
“What are we doing,” the young man whispered, his eyes holding a look of weariness.
“We’re watching.  That’s all.  Waiting.  Keep an eye behind us, in front of us, and all around.  I don’t want to be ambushed at the truck.  If they’re here, I want to know now so we can move in any direction.”  
Neither man spoke for ten minutes, then Rock nudged Benji to let him know they were going.  Rock jogged forward and a few moments later they were at the truck.  He put his bags down and fumbled for the keys while Benji waited on the other side.
“Good evening Rock.”  He spun around at the sound of a voice and a man stood just outside the reach of the streetlight.  But he already knew who it was.
“Michael,” he returned and put the keys back in his pocket.  He was caught.
“I’m just here to talk,” he said.
“Really, I find that hard to believe.  Last time I left you we exchanged gunfire.  I don’t take you as the type to forget that easily.”
Michael stepped into the light.  His thin jacket ruffled in the slight breeze.  But other than that, he appeared stoic, as always.  And in control.  “Things change.”
“Where’s Malcolm,” Rock asked, looking around.
“That’s why I’m here.”
“Are you alone,” Rock continued his scan of the street.
“I am.”
“How did you find me?  Did Sayla tell you?”
“No, but its about time you figured her out.  She fucked us too if you recall.  If you must know I found you by your boat Rock, you’re really stupid enough to take your own boat.  And here I thought you were smart.  We’ve had this placed monitored since this afternoon.  And when I saw your boat was gone, I figured you’d be back.  My men, I have sent elsewhere. For the time”
“Why?”
Michael took a step closer.  There was anger in his eyes and he was fighting to control it.  “Things have changed.  Malcolm and I were to be killed for my failures where Oak Island and specifically you, were concerned.  But other events took place and now the man running things, Elias Blanco, has Malcolm hostage and me as his puppet.  That’s the short version.”
“And what exactly are you doing for this man?”
“I’m to get you, or more to point, the copies of everything you are carrying, along with anything new you may have obtained.  But, I need you to get my brother back, and you need me to end this thing.”
“What exactly do you propose?”
“That depends on what you want?”
“I want Anna safe, I want her back and Nate and Wallace and all the others.”   
“I don’t know where she is, Delega has her, not us.”
“How about a trade.  You get me Anna and the others, safely, and I’ll give you me and everything.”
“I have you right now.”  Michael pulled his jacket to the side and pulled out his gun.  He took another step forward to bring himself within arm’s reach.
Rock half smiled.  “Then why am I still standing here?  I should be dead, unless you think bringing me in like this would end with Malcolm dead.  Unless you need me for something else, revenge perhaps.”
“Don’t flatter yourself.  And don’t think for a moment Anna is safe with Delega.  They’ll fuck you in the end.”
“And what will you do?”
“I’ll deliver her right to you.  I will.  But I need something first.”
“What’s that?”
“Him,” Michael pointed at Benji.  Rock looked over to the boy and when his gaze came back around he felt something slam into his head and his legs gave way leaving him collapsed against the truck door.  Above him, Michael was pointing his gun at Benji.  “You’re coming with me, or I will shoot you,” he said. 
Rock’s ears rang and the world spun around him.  He tried to get up but his muscles felt weak.  He looked up as Michael was dragging Benji towards him.  Michael leaned down as they passed.  “I’m your only friend right now Rock.  And as long as I get my brother I could care less anymore about this whole thing. It’s ironic, but I’m the only one you can trust.   And I’m the only one that can get Anna back to you safely, the others you speak of are already dead. Elias killed them.”
Michael threw something at him and then walked away into the darkness.  When the ringing in his head died down, Rock leaned up against the truck and picked up the item, turning it over in his hand.  He looked down upon a simple, red, cell phone.
Chapter 39
Florida, August 2012




Anna shaded her eyes from the morning sun.  Below, Seth Delega was waiting for them on the tarmac, cast in the dark shadows of a silhouette.  She was halfway down the air-stairs before his expression was visible.  His eyes never left her step and she could clearly see the frown he wore, most likely in response to her presence.  He was dressed in a well-fitted black suit with his usual dark and neatly pressed hair.  His appearance was more formal than what she had been used to.  The disheveled appearance and wild antics he exhibited over their last couple encounters looked to be suppressed.  Perhaps it was his father’s presence.
He let her go by without a word and took his father’s arm helping him down the final steps.  “What is she doing here,” Seth said in hushed tones.
“Anna, is our only lead to finding Rock Tilton and the information he carries, whatever that may be.  She said this would be the place to come to find answers.”
“And you believe her.  She’s offered no proof or anything.  Just her word, which we know is likely to contain lies and fabrications.  She’s lied to my face without batting an eye.”  Seth looked over at her.  “She’s exceptionally good at it.”
“I don’t care what she has done in the past.  Anna has seen first hand what the other side will do if they find Rock or anybody else involved.  Now that she knows, there is no reason not to trust her, those lives are at risk and we are her best option for helping.  That, for the moment, makes us allies.  I can’t say what she personally thinks of us, or me, or you, or what she’ll think or believe when this is all over, but for now, we need each other and that is what I trust.”  Vitori wrestled his arm away from his son.  “You will do your part Seth and listen to what she has to say.”
“You are making a mistake.  I’ve tried with her.  There is no way she is going to lead us to what we need.  We should be investigating the cabin site and making headway on our leads involving the keepers of the rose.  We should dispose of her, the sooner the better.”
“Those leads take us here anyway,” Vitori said.  “There is no harm in listening and seeing where her information goes.  It could save us days, even weeks and time is now more important than ever.  This is a chance I am willing to take.”
“Then take it!”  Seth’s anger flared in its usual quick fashion.  “You’re wasting your time.  I’m taking my men and we’ll pursue a different route.”
“You’re men, I don’t need to remind you, are my men first.  I will not waste vital resources on your whims or insecurities.  You let her and Rock fuck you once and now you’re bitter.”
“Fuck you,” Seth snarled.
“Swallow your pride and get on board or get out of my face.  Either way all resources will be used at my discretion.”
“As you wish, but when I return you may sing a different tune.”  Seth turned and started for the plane. 
“Where are you going,” Vitori yelled after him.
“What do you care,” he called back.  “Florida is where you want to be, you’re here, so follow your bitch.”  He whipped his head back around.
“Come Anna,” Vitori took her arm.  “Don’t worry about him.”
“Maybe I should leave,” Anna said.  “Would you let me go if I wanted?  Would you let me free without anybody following?”
“Anna.  If I said no, our trust would be severed and you would do nothing, knowing that if you found Rock I would have him as well.  But if I said yes, well, then I lose my best chance at finding anything and with that act I do myself and those I wish to save a great disservice.  So I cannot answer at the moment.  But know if that time comes, I would weigh my options and then make a decision.”
“I see,” she said.  They walked in silence until they stopped next to a black town car.
“But please make your choice Anna, if you get in with me, we do this until the end.  I will do my best to keep anybody else from being harmed.  You have my word.”
Anna quickly mulled over her options.  She could try to walk away but where would that leave her, where would that leave Rock?  If what Vitori said was true, how bad would it be for the lost pages or even the full copy to fall into his hands rather than the keepers.  It truly couldn’t be any worse.  But maybe Rock was already caught or dead, then what was the point of going down this route.  The Cooper’s may already have everything.  She felt helpless and in the dark.  She needed to find some answers and there was only one place that could shed even a little light on the situation.  And to go there, she would need Vitori’s help.  
Anna let go of his arm and ducked into the car.  The old man followed and sat next to her.  He settled in and smiled. 
“I think you’ve made a wise decision.  Now, where are we going?”
“To Barrion Imports, to find Sayla.  If she’s not there, we need to find a man named Harrison Burr.”
The car lurched into gear and they fell into place within a line of vehicles.  “Barrion imports,” Vitori said aloud then turned back to Anna.  “That sounds familiar, though this Harrison Burr I’ve never heard of.”
“He’s Sayla’s uncle.  They’ve been involved in this for some time and if anyone knows what’s going on, it’s Sayla.”
“I thought Sayla was Rock’s,” Vitori paused as Anna held up a hand.
“She’s been playing him all along.  How do you think they found the cabin?  She’s one of them, the most dangerous one in my opinion.  She’s given them everything, our every move, every step.  And if I get my hands on her, I’ll kill her myself.  The worst part is, Rock has no clue.”
“Does she have access to the rose, would Rock give her the pages?”
“My guess is she might still be with Rock, if he’s ok.  He’ll meet up with her when he has an idea of where the missing parts of the rose are located.   They’ll go together to find them and when Rock finds the pages, she’ll probably kill him and return to the Coopers.  Or maybe head back to her uncle, Harrison.  So that’s where we’ll start.  We find Sayla, we’ll find your rose or the copies if she still has them and hopefully we’ll find Rock.”
“Very well.  But don’t do anything rash before I have a chance to question the girl.  Though if I read your emotions correct, you may wish to be in the room for that.”
“I would,” she said, thinking of Nate.  “And I might even join in.”
The warehouses at the port all looked alike.  They were big pale buildings with rusted equipment, chain fences and pallets of cargo waiting to be taken away.  Trucks by the dozens slowly crept along the streets.  The air was filled with the constant warning beeps of big rigs backing up and the occasional sound of horns cautioning further movement.  They passed by large storage areas with hundreds of cargo containers and winded back into smaller streets until coming to a rest in front of a fenced in warehouse with a simple sign reading ‘Barrion Imports.’  
“Sure doesn’t look like much,” Anna said.
“That’s the idea,” Vitori replied.  “This is probably one of the many places where goods are stored that are whisked off the ships before customs gets a chance to eyeball them.”
The driver looked back.  “How do you want to proceed,” he asked.  
“Snap the locks, take us in.  I don’t want anybody flaunting a weapon unless provoked.  And I only want our car and one other to begin with, unless needed.  We’ll use force only if we have to.”
Anna watched two of Delega’s men easily snap open the lock without confrontation.  They opened the fence and let them drive through to come inside the perimeter.
They drove around the side of the building and parked near what appeared to be the main entrance.  They still had yet to see anybody and Anna was starting to feel a little exposed. Vitori must have sensed it.  He laid a hand on her leg and gently squeezed.
“Let my men secure this area and then we’ll go inside and have a look.”  At his words, his men quickly jumped from the vehicles and fanned out in all directions.  
At that moment, the front door to the building slammed open and an overweight man took a few steps out.  His unshaven and unruly appearance wasn’t what she was expecting.  
“Who the fuck are you and get the fuck off my property,” he yelled, “this is a private business!”  He was waving his hands and his face grew a darker shade of red with each syllable.  
When five guns fanned in his direction he quickly shut up.  He put his hands in the air and stood perfectly still. Vitori carefully watched the situation for a moment and then decided to get out.  It took him a couple of deep breaths to gather his strength and then he slowly approached the man, leaning heavily on a walking cane.  He came within a few feet and started speaking.  Anna couldn’t hear what was being said but the man didn’t look too pleased about it.  Then together, they disappeared inside.  
One of Vitori’s men came to her window.  He peered at her through the glass.  “Mr. Delega says it is safe for you to come in.  We’ll keep an eye out here for anything.”
Anna hesitantly removed herself from the car and walked towards the entrance.  The plain building was nothing special.  She was expecting a lavishly adorned place with attendants and lights but this was run down and in many ways looked as though it could be condemned.  
Inside, she started down a pale cream hallway with various stains left from over the years.  She passed by a few offices and heard voices coming from a door at the end.  She crossed through and found herself in the front part of the warehouse.  The roof jumped up well over fifty feet and the heat and moisture from the Florida summer was trapped inside.  She immediately began to sweat.  
To her right Vitori, with three armed guards stood on one side of a plain steel desk while the burly man stood, with his belly hanging out of a plain white t-shirt, on the other. Another man with a shaven head and scrawny arms stood next to him.  There were two guns on the table with the clips removed.   In her peripheral she saw a dozen more of Vitori’s men slink into the warehouse and move to the far corners.
She tiptoed until she stood directly behind Vitori and waited silently.  He was engaged in conversation. “I want all your people here,” he said, “I want them to come to this table and lay down their weapons and then we’ll have a conversation.  I will be sending my team through this whole building in a few moments.  If they find anybody other than the people that we know of, they have orders to shoot and kill and then I’ll kill you.”
The man nodded, his three chins overlapped with the movement.  He picked up a phone and hit a number.  His voice then came over the loud speaker.  “All employees are to report to the front hangar, come unarmed and immediately.  If you do not, you will face severe penalties.”  He hung up the phone and looked at Vitori.  “That good?”
“We will see.”  
Within a few minutes, men started showing up.  Each one made Anna thankful to be with Vitori.  They were unshaven with either a baldhead or long greasy hair.  Most of them wore nothing more than a stained sleeveless white shirt and the smell made her want to run outside.  All of them had beady eyes that lingered on her longer than on the men pointing guns in their direction.
“That’s it,” the man said after the fifth worker had come forward and lain down his weapon.  “Now what do you fucking want cause I’m sure you don’t realize what you’re getting yourself into here.”
“Actually I do realize.” Vitori came back.  “I realize because I was part of your organization before you were even born.  And now I intend to end it.”
The man smirked.  “So once again old timer, why the fuck are you here, and who are you and who is this bitch?”
“I am Vitori Delega and this is Anna Riley,” he paused.  “And we’re here to speak with one Harrison Burr.”
“And,” then man said.
“And are you him,” Anna cut in.
“Sure,” he answered sarcastically.
“We need to get in touch with your niece, we need to find Sayla.”
He started laughing which quickly turned into a wheeze as he attempted to catch his breath.  When he was finished he lit a cigarette.  “My niece?  That squirrelly little bitch?  You ain't the only ones lookin’ for her.”
“What do you mean,” Vitori asked.
“Exactly what I said.”
“So you’re looking for her too then,” Anna said.
“I don’t see why I should answer any of your questions.”
“Because if you don’t,” Vitori lowered his eyes.  “I’ll have you all slowly gutted and thrown in the ocean.”
“So pretty much the same thing as if we do talk.  You see, I know both of you.  Delega, you’re name’s been thrown around a lot recently with Oak Island and all. And yours too, they’ve been lookin’ for you Ms. Anna Riley.  But at this moment I know I’m a dead man.  Don’t know how you came to find out about us here, probably my bitch of a niece but I do know you tie up loose ends as good as we do.  So get on with it, nobody here’s gonna talk so don’t waste your breath.”  He took a puff on the cigarette and blew out a broken circle of smoke.
“You may be mistaken once my men start in on you.”  
Harrison smiled.  “You’re fucked and you don’t even know it.”  He pulled up a chair and sat down throwing his feet up on the desk.  Two of the unloaded guns were knocked from their position and fell to the floor.  “Now fuck off.”
Anna decided to speak up.  “I need to find your niece, I don’t care about any of this between whoever you are and whoever they are,” she gestured to Vitori.  “I need to find her so I can find Rock, that’s it, I don’t want to harm her or anything.”
Harrison Burr took a long drag before answering.  “I don’t give a shit about you or about Rock.  But when Elias sorts this out, when he gets to you and he will, both of you, you’re going to regret you ever came here.”
“I think you have it wrong Mr. Burr,” Vitori said.  He snapped his fingers and one of his men came running over.  “Kill him,” he said.  “Quickly.”  Vitori took Anna’s arm and began leading her away. “You know Anna, perhaps we should have a look around.  We may be able to learn something that could help us locate either Rock or Sayla. That man won’t do.”  He led her towards the back of the room in the direction of an odd revolving door.  She looked back to see Vitori’s man pointing a gun at Harrison Burr’s head and pulling the trigger.  The muzzle lit up with a bright flash and the fat man’s head flapped backwards.  The cigarette slipped from his lips and he died just as he knew he would.  Anna almost vomited as she realized this is how Nate’s final moments were most likely played out.  She clasped Vitori’s arm as her legs felt light and wobbly.  He seemed not to notice or passed her weight to his cane to hold them both upright.  He pushed her forward trying to remove her from the room and together they shuffled through the revolving door.
Anna immediately felt a blast of cold air as they spun through the panels.  It was a good twenty degrees cooler than in the other parts of the building and it brought her back to her senses.  
“Why is it so cold in here,” she asked.
“Usually to preserve things.  Notice, the humidity is gone too.  It’s cool and dry.”  She breathed deeply feeling her strength return. 
She walked towards a set of shelves directly in front of her and opened a wooden drawer.  Inside were metal sheets.  They looked worn and rusted.  She closed the drawer.  The next shelf over held a few broken stone carvings.  One of a hand, and two others were halves of badly cracked spheres.  “What is all this,” she whispered.  She looked down the row and it must have continued for a hundred yards before she saw the end.  And it looked like every shelf was full though she couldn’t discern what was held on each.
“Anna,” she heard Vitori call from the next row over.  “Come here.”
Ann walked around the corner and found Vitori standing in front of a four-foot statue.  It was of a bearded man raising a pole over his head.  On either end was inset a red crystal.  The statue itself was crumbling on the edges.  The man’s beard was half gone, his toes were missing and the tails of his robe were also absent.  On the bottom there was a plaque with an inscription.
“What does it say,” Anna bent down studying it.
“I do not know, I was hoping you could read it by now.”
“Is this?”
“Yes Anna, this is Atlantian.  I knew the keepers had items from their culture but to this extent and at this location, I had no clue.  It’s incredible.  This whole building is full of artifacts.”
Anna stared down this row and instead of narrow shelves it was lined with statues like this one.  On the other side there were pipes and blocks and cups.  She hurried over and picked up a cup.  She flicked it.
“This is plastic.  There’s no way.”  It was a faded blue and was worn thin and bubbled.  There were holes in it and markings she couldn’t explain.  “This isn’t that old, plastic breaks down in 500 years.”
“Starts its breakdown.”  Vitori added.  “And this may have been a very hardy cup in ideal conditions to weather time.  Who are you to say?”
“I’ve never come across plastics like this from an ancient culture.”
“And you never believed in Atlantis either, yet here is the evidence it existed.”
“This stuff should be in a museum,” she said picking up a piece of pipe and twirling it in her hands.  “And how do they know this is Atlantian?”
“Location, testing, truthfully I don’t know but it’s here for a reason.  And most of these things that have markings are marked in that language we can’t read.  Or can we?”  He looked at her.
“The dead people back in Tennessee could probably read them, but not me.”
“Too bad.”
Anna kept walking down the aisles.  She found coins, jewelry, household items, plumbing, and even a few weapons that looked eerily like modern bomb casings.  But she found nothing that would help her find Rock.  She was in awe at the amount of items and could easily spend days in here, weeks even.  This room could probably keep her busy for the rest of her career.  And here it sat, alone, untended, in secret.
Vitori sat down on a nearby crate.  “I think this isn’t the correct course of action.”
“I agree.  We don’t even know what we’re looking for, and this place needs to be turned over to someone who can categorize and take care of it.  Display it and study it.  This is perhaps the most amazing find ever in history.  I see examples of artistry, mathematics well beyond what should have been capable, scientific findings, and architectural advances that weren’t considered feasible until just recently.  If it dates to when you say it does, we’ve had everything wrong.  It’d be like starting over.”
“That doesn’t matter Anna.  Everything resets in just a few months, we’re starting over.”
“Right, if you believe that” she replied.  “But let’s go.  This isn’t helping to find Rock.”
They made their way back to the revolving door and spun through to the other side.  As they came into the original warehouse, they heard the first gun shot echo from outside.  Quickly, it was accompanied by loud voices and a thunderous sound of running feet.
Chapter 40
Florida, August 2012




Anna sat with folded arms, watching the startled faces of the men around her.  It didn’t give her much comfort to see Vitori Delega in the middle of it all trying to give strategic advice.  She had hoped for some kind of strong willed military commander.  Unfortunately this looked to be it. 
It had been reported that a force consisting of dozens of men and multiple vehicles surrounded the entrance to the building.  Gunfire had been exchanged in the beginning but so far there were no injuries.  That was over an hour ago, since then, nobody had tried to come in or out of the building.  
“We’re all accounted for though it might be awhile before our reinforcements arrive,” one of the men said.  “But we have found a possible second exit from the area.  It’s in the back and we do have vehicles over there.  It’s through the main warehouse and out on the South side of the building.  They’re concentrating on the front and only have one or two men watching the rear.  I think we should take this chance and go.”
“And miss this opportunity for information,” Vitori said.  “We have enough firepower for them not to want to get into an all out battle.  The police will descend on this place if that happens.  Nobody wants that.  They probably just want us to get out.  I think it’s time we talked.”
The old man started walking for the entrance.  Anna followed.  There was little else she could do.  They walked down the yellow hallway at Vitori’s pace, which gave a slow sense of calm to the situation.  When they arrived, he gradually cracked the door.  Anna heard multiple weapons click into place.  He stuck his arm out and waved.
“I would like to talk to whoever is in charge,” Vitori said through the door.  We can talk right here, a place neither side has an upper hand.  He pulled his arm back in.  “Now we wait.”
Moments later they heard the door handle click and it slowly swung open.  A man filled the frame.  He was tall and Anna could see the muscles bulging beneath his shirt.  “What the fuck are you doing in my building,” he said.
“Elias?  I didn’t expect to see you in this country again. ” Vitori returned.  “Though I did hear you killed your father.”
“Delega,” he spat back.  “I guess your son lacks the balls to have done the same.  Though I feel it is way past time.”  
“So you’re running things now.”
“I am, and you should know I have more men on the way.”
“As do I,” Vitori replied.  “But that won’t do anybody any good now will it.”  
“What are you doing here?” 
“Looking for something.”
“I have the rose old man. Your cause is lost.  You should never have come here.”
“Anna Riley tells me there is a good chance there may be copies floating around.  Have you secured everything?  Or is Rock Tilton still somehow eluding you.”
“That’s the thread you’re pulling on.”
“I only need find him before you.”
“So then you came here looking for Sayla.  Did you find her?”
“Harrison told us what we needed before he stopped breathing.”
“Then you did me a favor, that slob was past his time, and his niece I have safely tucked away.  I fear you’re not going to find anything. The rose is well protected.”
“As I said before, I only need the information, it doesn’t matter who holds the real thing.”
“And it doesn’t matter anyway because you’ll never leave here alive.”
“I’ll be sure to let my men know to shoot you first, Elias.”
“My father was right about you.”
“And I was right about you, your father probably should have listened to me.  He’d still be alive.”
Elias face grew red in anger.  He turned his back and started walking away.  Vitori immediately backed up and shut the door, slamming the lock in place.  “He’ll be coming in, get the men to any portal that could be used to infiltrate this place.  Lock all the doors and we’ll make an organized exit through the back.”  He looked at her.  “Come Anna, we need to be on the first vehicle out.”  They started jogging across the front hangar.  
Anna stopped.  Harrison.  “Where’s his body,” she asked.
“Who?”
“Harrison, where’s his body?”
“It’s behind the desk, “ one of Delega’s men answered. “We left him there.”
Anna ran towards desk.  She skidded to a stop near the body as a loud blast sounded from the hallway.  She heard shouts of warning, letting them know a breech was in progress.  Smoke billowed from the entrance and immediate pops of gunfire erupted into the hangar.
She heard Vitori calling for her through the discharge of firearms and focused movement.  It all mixed together to form a strange chaos.  She stooped next to the body and fished in his pockets.  Finally she pulled forth a cell phone and clenched it in her fist.  She sprang to her feet and ran back towards Vitori.  
“Let’s go,” she said as she reached their position, already heaving in effort.  Bullets pinged off the metal walls and equipment.  Small bits of shrapnel burned her skin as she flicked them away.  Delega’s men quickly moved them through the warehouse full of the artifacts and then through two separate halls to come to another door.  They burst into a small room where a line of Delega’s men waited.  Two doors stood open to the outside and they would dart out and fire and then duck back in.  Anna’s heart felt like it was going to burst out her chest, but she kept moving with the rest of them.
“Go!” Someone pushed her in the back.  She lurched forward and suddenly found herself outside.  To her left she saw the white flashes of gunfire and winced as a bullet ricocheted off a railing near her head.  Quickly she gained her feet and ran towards two cars.  She lunged into the backseat of one and kept her head down.  She waited, huddled on the floor until the other doors slammed shut and she felt the vehicle lurch and then peel out of the drive.  They jumped over a few speed bumps that sent her hurtling into the air and then they crashed through a fence and over curbs.  Moments later she felt smooth road beneath them and she dared open her eyes.  
She peeked above the window and saw buildings and trees gliding by.  She took in deep breaths.  She turned to her side and saw the wrinkled face of Vitori Delega, smiling.
“Are you ok,” he asked.
She patted herself down hoping not to find any holes or pain, masked by adrenaline.  “I think so.  How about you?”
“Couldn’t be better,” he said.  “But what was that all about back there, you almost got us all killed running back to the fat man’s body.”
“I got this,” she said holding up his cell phone.  I have no doubt Sayla’s been in touch with her uncle, we just have to find out which number she is.”  Anna flipped the phone over to Vitori. 
“ I think you should do the calling,” he said throwing the phone back to her.  “She knows you, she won’t trust any of the rest of us.  You have the best chance to wrest the information from her but put it on speaker so we all can hear.”  
Anna quickly thumbed through the numbers but Sayla wasn’t listed.  She looked at the call log and there were five numbers that weren’t attached to any name.  Maybe she had called from a new number, she had lost her phone back at Oak Island.  
She dialed the first number.  No answer. She quickly moved to the next one and dialed.  It rang three times.
“Uncle Harrison?”  It was Sayla.
“No it’s me,” Anna quickly answered. 
“Anna?  How did you get this number and why are you calling from my Uncle’s phone.  Is he ok?  Wait, you’re ok. ”
“Sayla, I know who you are, I know you’re with the keepers of the rose but I need to know if you have Rock.”
“I’m not with them, I’ve tried to tell Rock that but he didn’t believe me.”  Anna was grateful Rock had seen through the girl.
“So where are you?”
“I can’t tell you that.”
“Then just tell me where Rock might be. I need to find him.”
“How’d you get away from Delega, Nate said.”
“I’m with Delega now.”  She cut her off.  Sayla thought Nate was alive, now wouldn’t be the time to tell her.
“But.”  Sayla hesitated.  “He’s no better than the people I worked for.  Seth killed Brett.  How could you be on his side?”
“Brett’s dead?”  Anna felt like a ton of bricks slammed into her chest.  She started tearing up again.  
“You didn’t know?  I’m sorry Anna, I thought you knew.” 
“What about Rock,” she quickly tried to get back on topic.
“I don’t know, he kicked me out of the car when we neared Miami.”
“You know more Sayla.  Tell me.”
“You’re with Delega.  I’m not going to tell you anything.”
“I’m not with Seth, I’m with his father, he’s a more honest man than his cruel and fucked up son.”  She looked at Vitori.  His face betrayed no emotion as though he wasn’t surprised or concerned by anything she said.
“I don’t know,” Sayla’s voice wavered.
“If they, as in your people get to him first, he’s dead, do you want that.”
“No, no.”
“Then tell me.  You know more about him right now than anybody, where is he going next?”  The girl didn’t respond.  “Sayla.”
“His boat, but that was a few days ago.  They were going to the Caribbean to find the missing pages.”
 “Anything else that could help.”  Sayla stayed silent.  “Sayla, anything else.” Still nothing.  “Sayla.”  Anna looked back at Vitori, “she hung up.”
Vitori slammed his fist to the back of the seat.  “She gave us nothing.  We’ve had people at his boat since this morning when we first got eyes on it. Nobody has been there.”
“Is it true?”
“What’s that?”
“Did Seth kill Brett?”
“I don’t know Brett.”
“He was on Oak Island, he was Rock’s diving partner.  He disappeared right before we left.”
Vitori scowled.  “I don’t know what my son did up there but it is a possibility.  You have to understand the pressure of what we were trying to do at Oak Island.  It’s life and death.  Millions of lives are at stake!”
“I know,” Anna raised her voice to match.  “But that’s no excuse to kill an innocent life.  Brett never hurt anybody and never did anything against Seth.  Your son needs to be put away.  Where is he now?”
“I don’t know.  He left town.  I am sorry for your friend Anna, but there is nothing I can do.”  He put a hand on her shoulder.  She immediately swiped it off.  “Maybe when we get back, you should get some rest,” he said.  “I’ll have my men out tonight, perhaps we’ll have a new lead for tomorrow.”
Anna threw Harrison’s phone down.  “Sometimes I don’t know if helping you is in my best interest.”  She turned away.  The car stopped at a red light and she brushed her hand against the door handle.
Vitori grabbed her wrist and held tight.  “I don’t think you should go anywhere,” he said, never taking his eyes from hers.  
In that instant she knew she was a captive. She was his way to get to Rock.  Somewhere along the line he had made her forget that.  Nobody was here to help her.  She was alone, and now she knew it.
Chapter 41
Florida, August 2012




The brakes squealed as Rock came to a rolling stop in the old pick up truck, less than half a mile from his office.  It was a place he knew would be watched by both the Delega Group and the Keepers of the Rose.  The choice in coming here wasn’t the most logical but he was tired of running, tired of looking over his shoulder and most of all, tired of being the catalyst that put innocent people in harms way.  He wanted out and this presented the quickest option to get all the cards on table. 
Rock swung down from the truck, stretched briefly in the warm sunlight and began walking towards his office. The morning air was the coolest it would be all day, still humid but not nearly as suffocating as it would be in the coming hours.
With each step closer, his head swirled in doubt. Was he giving up?  Was this decision making the lives already taken mean nothing?  What about Brett, Nate, Wallace, did they die for this? Was he failing them by giving in? 
“First instinct,” he said aloud. “Why are you doing this,” he questioned himself.  “Why?”  Answer the why, he always preached.  Find out the real why and you can come to the real answer.  So why was he doing this.  What did he hope for?  
He hoped to see Seth Delega.  Then he could negotiate. Rock held copies of everything and was the only person with the new pages.  With that kind of power, nothing would happen to him as long as he could convince Delega or the Keepers of the Rose that any harm to him would see the copies to the other side.  That’s all he needed to do at this juncture.  He would lay the foundation for what was to come.  Nobody had to know all his leverage was sitting in a box in a simple hotel room a few miles away.
He approached the mostly vacant lot from the Southeast corner.  The few places of business that remained were on the opposite side from his office and only one of those looked to be open. At the midway point, he felt very exposed.  He knew by now, he’d been spotted.
They showed themselves as he stepped onto the curb, just a few feet from his front door.  One man stepped out from inside his office.  As usual these men tended to be a good deal larger than Rock.  He also held a pistol by his side.  From behind, Rock heard a car come to a stop and two doors open and shut.
“Which organization are you guys from,” he asked.
“Does it matter,” the man in front replied.  “We have you and now you’ll be coming with us.”
“It does matter,” Rock said.  “I have a feeling that both parties are watching this place and whoever showed their cards first is probably going to get killed.”
They didn’t have time to reply as shots silently sliced through the air.  The shirt of the man in front of him exploded in red as three well placed rounds found their mark.  Before he could turn around he heard the two men near the car collapse in much the same way.  Rock threw up his hands and fell to his knees waiting for whatever was to come next.
He heard the feet and the vehicles moments later.
“Unarmed,” he yelled.  “Unarmed.”
“We know,” a familiar voice answered.  Rock quickly located Seth Delega.  He stepped out in a dark suit and sunglasses.  He appeared calm and under control.  The tension he normally held in his face was loose and relaxed.  
Rock also noted the men around weren’t his usual thugs.  They looked military, with advanced weapons and gear he could only place as special ops.  They didn’t wear uniforms but looked to be very well organized and aware of their surroundings.  He was confused. “Where’d you dig up these guys,” Rock said putting down his hands and gaining his feet.
One of the military men departed and quickly ran inside the office.  Two others ran behind the building, leaving only five individuals watching him.  
“Stupid Rock,” Seth said casually.  “Back to the office, really?  How predictable.”
“Did it ever occur to you I might want to just talk?”
“It did.”  Seth smiled.  “That’s why I’m here.  So let’s talk.”
“I want Anna.  And I won’t say anymore unless you can assure me she is part of this deal.  I know you nabbed her in Colorado, I want to know she’s ok and I want to see her.”
“Quite a few demands,” he frowned, “but I think we can arrange that.  You do know what I want.  The rose and everything you’ve found since.  I think that would be a fair trade.”
“I don’t have the original, the Keepers stole it. I only have copies.”
“I want both,” Seth said.  
“I just told you I don’t have both.  I can’t do that.”
Seth pursed his lips as though he were in thought.
“Just spit it out Seth, no games.  What will it take for me and Anna to walk away from this.”
“I want everything, and I don’t want the keepers to have anything.  So here it is.  You can have Anna, she walks away free, no harm.  But you, I need you to set a meeting with the keepers and insist on negotiations with the head, Elias.  We’ll set up an ambush and take him hostage and all those with him.  Once that’s done, then you can go.”
“I’d be as good as dead if I agreed to that,” Rock eyed him.  “And you know it.”
“That’s the only option if you want Anna, alive.” 
“You have nothing, Seth.  Nothing.  No copies, no original.  How do you think you can make demands of me?  Kill me and you get nothing.  I don’t get Anna, you get nothing.”  This was a game of inches.  Seth Delega knew this game better than he did but Rock couldn’t cave to unreasonable demands.  He also knew Delega couldn’t kill him.  They were at a stalemate.
Suddenly, Rock heard guns being shifted.  “We have company,” one of Delega’s men relayed to the group.  They turned into a defensive formation as three cars rolled into the lot.
“Hold your fire,” Seth said.  “I know who this is.”
Rock felt his muscles involuntarily start to twitch.  He felt the urge to be ready to run but to where he didn’t know.  It was a long distance to any sort of shelter.  If the men arriving were members of the Keepers of the Rose, this situation could easily end in more violence.  Rock would have no sway if it came to that particular battle, he’d be caught in the middle.  
“Hold,” Seth Delega repeated so they all could hear.  He held his hands out to the side.
The vehicles parked and the doors spread open letting a dozen men fan out.  They weren’t military but positioned safely behind the open doors gave them a far superior position.  That was unless Delega’s original sniper unit still held their ground.  Then Rock couldn’t guess who would win the shootout.  
The last person to exit from the vehicles was an old man.  Rock had never seen him before but he could tell he was in charge.  He didn’t look the least bit intimidated or uncomfortable with the situation.
“Rock Tilton,” he looked in his direction first.  “Allow me to introduce myself.  I am Vitori Delega.”
Rock was now even more confused.  He knew about Vitori Delega through Anna but his son Seth and he were supposed to be on the same side.  “Sorry to be so blunt but what the fuck is going on,” he replied. 
“What has my idiot of a son told you,” he asked, walking forward.
“One more fucking step and I’ll open fire old man,” Seth interrupted.
Vitori retreated and stayed near the car.  “I wouldn’t be making threats in your position.” 
“Nor I in yours, your backs are completely exposed to the rest of my team.  And they are very well trained.  You won’t even see them before you’re put down.”
The situation was escalating.  One wrong word or even a sweaty finger letting loose an accidental bullet would set off an explosion.  The longer they lingered the more likely this would end badly.  Rock had to step in.  
“I just want Anna,” he said.
“That, is something I can provide,” Vitori remarked.  “My son cannot.  He has chosen a different path, as you can see.”
Rock glanced to Seth.  His face boiled red in anger.  His ruse was torn apart and his eyes were starting to regain their wild, trapped appearance.  He didn’t so much as look in Rock’s direction anymore but intently stared at his father.  This could only end one way.  They were balanced on a fine edge and one breath would push them over.
Rock needed to try and diffuse this situation or he’d become a casualty in the aftermath.  “I would like to speak with both of you, alone, one at a time, in my office.”  If he could just separate them, it might be enough to cool the entire situation.
“He has nothing to offer,” Vitori called out.  “He is a selfish individual who wants the rose for personal gain.  Nothing more!”
“Let’s regroup Seth,” Rock heard one of the military men whisper.  “We are wide open here, we need to back off to some cover and regroup.  This isn’t where we need to be.”  Rock felt the urgency in the man’s voice.  
“We’re not leaving,” Seth Delega snapped back.  “Not without him.”  He started walking towards Rock.
“Don’t get near him,” Vitori called out.  Rock started backing away, retreating from Seth Delega.  But the man came ever faster.
“Don’t do it Seth!” Vitori yelled, his rough voice strained as it grew with intensity.
Seth Delega heeded no words.  He kept advancing.   
Rock couldn’t say what happened next.  He heard the first shot ring out and fell immediately to his stomach.  The lot erupted in gunfire.  He heard the screams of those hit by the first wave and the orders shouted to those still functioning.  He looked up from the ground, freezing for an instant when a car squealed into motion and sped directly for him.  Rock rolled out of the way as the tire scraped against his arm peeling away the top layer of skin. It screeched to a halt as it passed and Rock grabbed at the bumper and tried to use it as cover.  Bullets careened off the car’s frame spraying fragments of hot metal and sharp chips of paint over his exposed areas.     
He was dizzy and time seemed to slow down.  His eyes blurred.  He looked around realizing there was nowhere to go.  The lot was so large and he would be struck or caught by the time he could make it to the edge.  Then from the side he heard another motor cutting through the chaos and a red shape spun by him and skidded to a halt.  
Sayla sat on her motorcycle with just enough room for him to slide on the back.  He jumped on without thinking and she hit the gas thrusting them forward toward the edge of the lot.  He dare not look behind as more bullets were fired in their direction.  They spun onto the nearest street and sped away from the scene.
Rock tried to stay calm but he never liked motorcycles and the speed at which she rode was beyond reckless.  She darted in and out of traffic and soon came to the freeway entrance.  She sped by cars so fast they appeared as blurred lines of color blending into one another.  He tried to yell at her to ask where she was going but she either didn’t hear or didn’t respond.  
When he looked back, he knew why.  Two cars tailed them, moving at intense speeds as they tried to catch up.  He saw the vehicles had already been in multiple collisions, their front ends were dented and lights cracked.  They obviously didn’t care what they hit long as they kept Sayla in sight.  Suddenly she swerved and Rock barely held on as she split between two cars.  One of the side mirrors of an old green Camry broke off as his elbow slammed into it.  They passed the next tunnel and Rock saw two police cars screaming down the on-ramp, lights blaring and sirens flashing as they joined the chase.  Rock peered back to the front trying to keep his eyes open through the battering wind.  Ahead of them, the highway opened up and Sayla flicked her wrist and the bike further increased its speed outdistancing both the police cruisers and the cars that gave chase.
A minute later she cut off the highway without warning and slid onto an off ramp, not taking much time to slow down before turning into a city neighborhood and cruising down the streets.  Rock checked their tail and it appeared clear.  She turned again and then once more.  Rock was completely lost.  She skidded to a stop and pulled into a driveway and into an empty garage that immediately shut and closed them in darkness.  She turned off the motor and removed her helmet as the light came on.  A boy stood at the step to the house entrance looking sheepish.  Rock didn’t recognize him.
“You’re lucky I’m home,” he said.
“I agree,” she replied.  “But thanks for your help.”
He nodded and shut the door, leaving them alone.
Rock finally remembered to breath.  He let his feet hit the floor and found them to be shaky.  He slowly lifted himself off the bike, fell to a squat position and threw up.
“Gross,” Sayla said.  “But thanks for not doing that on me.”
“Sorry,” he wiped his mouth and gradually came to a standing position.  “And thanks.  You saved my life back there.”
“It’s the least I could do.”
“How did you know?”
“I didn’t,” she said.  “But I didn’t know what else to do so I’ve been hanging nearby the office for awhile.  I didn’t think that would happen, holy shit.  But are you ok?”
“I’m fine,” he patted himself down.  “You?”
“I’m ok.”
“Where are we?”
“A friends house.  It’s safe here.”
“Good.”  It was all he could say.  The situation felt a little awkward.  He didn’t understand how everything could have gone so wrong.
“What were you doing there,” she asked him.
“Trying to find a way to get Anna back.  I don’t even know what the fuck is going on anymore.”
“I know how to get in touch with Anna,” she said.
“You do?” Rock stood up and grabbed her arm.  “How?  All I want is to find a way to get us all out of this.  That’s it.  I want out.”
“She’s with the older Delega, I have a number.  They tried to get me to meet up with them.”
“He could be dead after the shootout,” Rock replied.  “I don’t know who all got hit back there.”
“Well it wasn’t us.”
“Thanks to you.”
Sayla shuffled in her pack and brought out a cell phone.  She hit a few buttons and handed it over to Rock.  “Hit call if you want to talk with them.  I’m pretty sure they’ll answer.”
Chapter 42
Florida, August 2012




Rock tapped his foot on a crumbling part of the curb just a few feet inside a dark alleyway.  On either side of him, looming up six or seven stories were broken down warehouses, long since used in this dying industrial sector of the city.  This is the place Vitori Delega agreed to meet him, once night fell, and he pledged to bring Anna with him.  
Their conversation on the phone was brief but to the point.  The trade was to be straight forward, the copies for the woman was how the old man put it.  Rock had agreed.  He made it a priority to arrive on the location early to make sure nothing would be a surprise.  He also made a conscious decision not bring any part of the rose with him.  There was a chance that Delega would show with dozens of men and if Rock had the copies he would be caught with no leverage with which to complete the exchange. 
He smiled when he thought of Sayla as his only reinforcements.  A girl he once trusted, then condemned and now was conflicted about her role in the entire situation.  She kept quiet since they arrived and lingered next to her bike, ready to break away if it came to that.  She waited fifteen yards behind him, blending in the shadows. She was his only means of escape if this turned into a set up.  
She had opened up to him during the afternoon.  He learned about what her entire roll in the organization had been, how much they knew about him and Anna and the Delega Group.  It was astonishing how she came to be his apprentice, pulling the right strings and paying the right individuals made accomplishing such a task very easy.  A few recommendations from people he considered trustworthy and Rock was asking for her by name.  It frightened him at how he could be manipulated so easily.
She also continued to apologize but insisted she had stopped communicating with the organization and Michael and Malcolm shortly after they arrived on Oak Island.  Rock still didn’t know if he believed her, but she did save his life and was the only individual here, helping him once again.  
He stuck his head out into the street.  It didn’t feel like anybody was even alive in this part of the city.  The streetlights were lit up but nothing moved.  There were no cars, or people, just an occasional stray cat darting across the open areas to slink back into shadows.  The wind even fell quiet.  It was slightly disturbing.  This was a place you could kill someone and nobody would find out for days.  Perhaps that’s why this spot was chosen.  But Delega couldn’t kill him, not until he possessed what he wanted and the only person who knew where that was, was Rock himself.  And he wouldn’t say a thing except a simple lie that if he didn’t get back or check in within two hours, then the information would be sent off to an unknown party.  Nobody could refute it and so they’d have to believe it or at least respect the possibility.  In that way, he’d be safe.  He thought.
Rock ducked back into the alleyway and leaned up against the wall.
“They’re late,” Sayla said.
“Of course, he wants me to wait on him.  It’s a stupid power play tactic that only works with skittish individuals.  I don’t give a shit that he’s late, just that he shows up with Anna.  I want to see her safe and then we can discuss an exchange.”
“You’re really going to give it all away after everything you’ve been through.  Don’t you think that something else should be done with the information?  I mean you hold the fate of billions of people.  You’re just going to pass that off.”
Rock sighed. “We don’t know that.  There’s a good chance this is a great archaeological find and that’s it and their interpretations of the event to come could be completely allegorical in nature.  The rose might mean absolutely nothing except to be a potential learning tool.”
“You really believe that.”
“I don’t have the facts so what I believe is incomplete, your superiors and Delega probably know far more about this than I do and they certainly believe it.  That’s the scary part.  But I don’t know, we had too little time to look at the rose and these pages.  Truthfully, I am more of the mind that nothing is going to happen.”
“But,” Sayla started.
“But, Sayla, let me finish.  But the possibility that what they say is truth, even if it is very small makes me wonder if giving in is the right thing to do.  I want Anna back and safe, I want you safe, I want Benji back and safe and I want myself out so I can reflect and grieve for what happened to our friends.  I always sought the truth, I thought that was most important, but it’s not.  I made some big mistakes in the past months and right now, I’m worried about making another.”
Sayla stepped from the shadows.  “I’ve made mistakes too, but I don’t know if giving the copies and rose away is the best thing to do simply because it’s the easiest road.  Maybe you should ask Anna what she thinks when you see her.”
“I think I will,” he said.
In the distance Rock heard the sound of an engine.  “Move back,” he motioned to her, “conceal yourself.”  She did as he instructed and melted into the darkness.  Rock took a couple of steps away and came to stand in the middle of the alleyway.  
A car pulled in and came to a stop, sending its head lamps flooding over him.  Rock shielded his eyes from the high beams but held his ground.  The engine shut off and the lights went dark.  It took his eyes a moment to adjust back to the dimness of the alleyway.  Only one streetlamp splashed minimal light to where he stood.
The back door opened and a man emerged.  Rock couldn’t see who it was.  Then another person followed him.  The front doors opened and two more men exited the vehicle.  The two in the front stood motionless, silhouetted against the lighter backdrop that was the main street into this area.  The other two started coming closer.
Then he recognized Anna.
The dim light fell over her face and his heart leapt to see her safe and uninjured.  She looked good, for being captive.  There were no bruises, nor a black eye, she seemed to be walking without any limp or obvious pain.  It was difficult for him to keep from running to her.
Next to her, stood Vitori Delega.  His face was wrinkled and scarred but other than that Rock could see the resemblances to his son.  The facial structure, small nose and thin lips, he would have looked exactly like Seth a few decades ago.  Rock knew it was a waste of time to try and speak with Seth but he held more hope for this man, his eyes spoke of less rash decision-making.
Vitori Delega held Anna by the arm and was whispering into her ear.  Rock couldn’t quite make out the words. When he was done, he looked across to meet his eyes.
“Rock Tilton, I’m glad you escaped our little battle today.”
“It seems you found safety as well,” he said.
Vitori waved his hand and the other two men stepped forward and pointed guns in his direction.  Rock was expecting this and didn’t flinch at the movement.  They wouldn’t touch him until they knew where his copies were located.
Anna gasped at the sight.  “Put those down,” she said.  “He’s safe, nobody is here with him.  This isn’t a set-up.”  She started waving her hands.  
Vitori shushed her with a squeeze.  “She’s not going to go anywhere Rock, unless you do exactly as told.”  One of the men moved closer and put his gun to Anna’s head.  Her eyes widened in surprise.  She wasn’t expecting this.  She believed this was going to be simple.  “I want the copies you have and I want them right now.  She dies unless I get them.”
“I don’t have them on me,” Rock replied.  “You know as well as I, those copies are my only leverage, I wasn’t going to bring them.”
“But you know where they are.  Tell me and I’ll have somebody pick them up or we can get it from you through other means.”
“I don’t think so.  If I don’t check in within the hour, the copies will be given to another party with instructions to be delivered to the Keepers of the Rose.  And at the moment, the copies are with another person, on the move, I couldn’t tell you where they were even if I wanted to.  So maybe we should restart our conversation.  My first question to you, what’s the end game here, I need to know that before I judge if this trade truly is fair.”
“End game?”
“Plan for the rose, what’s the result of me handing over the information.”
“Simple.  My plan all along is the most fair. I believe this knowledge was laid out in such a way that the givers of it intended each individual culture to be allowed the areas on their land so they could preserve themselves and their ways.  I intend to give each country its so-called safe zones once the rose has been deciphered.  And that information will be given only to that countries leaders and no other.  In that way, each peoples can continue, the way it was meant to be.  That’s the only reason for leaving clues in each blossoming culture at that time period and the reason it was given in their native language or rituals.  The rose was never supposed to exist.  Nobody was supposed to know it all.  And if they do, we’ll lose countless amounts of cultural diversity and information.  One group will move forward but as nature has taught us, diversity is good, a single group moving forward will eventually kill mankind.”
“You raise some points,” Rock said.  “How can I believe your word?”
“Because this is what I believe.  My men shot my only son today.  I don’t know if he lives and I barely escaped that place.  This is what I have tried to accomplish my whole life.  The keepers of the rose are selfish, I was once one of them.  They’re beliefs are cultish and primitive and if they are the only ones to gain the information then our future is also bleak.  I am the only right choice.”
Rock looked over to Anna and saw her tight lipped and silent.  He looked back to Vitori Delega.  “If you would have originally come and tried to convince me through talk and argument, you may have won me over.  But the approach with violence, the guns, holding Anna hostage, I don’t really know how I can believe everything you preach.  Anna,” he held her eyes.  “What do you think?”
“I don’t know,” she said, her voice soft in the night air.  “This is bigger than us.  I agree that his vision does sound like the right way of doing things but I have a gun at my head.  My question would be, what if all the countries stay the same and move forward like we are now.  We’re on the verge of war in every part of the globe and could wipe ourselves out over a simple communication error.  Maybe one unified presence moving on would be best.  I don’t know.  That’s not something I can answer.”
“Are you ok,” Rock asked.
“I’ve been treated fine,” she said.  “I had a feeling but I truly didn’t know I was a hostage until recently.”  She looked over at Delega who didn’t return the gaze.
“I noticed.”  Rock shifted his weight and then decided they had lingered long enough.  Anna was safe, but he wasn’t going to get her back now, he knew that much.  And he didn’t even know how to approach a trade at this point, the mechanics of that would take some thought.
“I need to think on this.  Keep her close and don’t so much as touch her,” he said.  “I’ll have an answer for you in the morning.”
“In the morning,” Vitori repeated.  “We don’t have much time so I’ll expect the morning, but tomorrow is it.  This is all done by tomorrow.  If it isn’t and you drag this out, Anna will know just how slowly time can pass.”  He yanked her back towards the car.
“Do what is right Rock, don’t worry about me,” she called back before being stuffed into the car.  The high beams came on again and blinded Rock as the vehicle backed out and rolled away.
Sayla came up to him from the shadows, “they may have somebody watching us.”
“I’m sure you can lose them, “ Rock said.  Sayla smiled.
“What are you going to do,” she asked as he took out a cell phone and hovered his finger over the call button.  “Who are you calling?”
Rock hesitated a moment before answering, then lowered his head not even believing what he was about to do.  He hit the button and held the phone to his ear.  He stared Sayla in the eyes.  Someone picked up on the other side and Rock swallowed.  
“Hi Michael, I’m ready to talk.”
Chapter 43
Florida, August 2012




The blockade at the mouth of the street told Michael it would be very unlikely for Elias to wrest his warehouse back by force.  There were five men positioned around a pair of army Humvee vehicles turning back anyone who ventured too close.  He could only imagine what was stationed at the facility itself and what assets had been tapped to keep it secure.  Elias had found out that Agent Anders Sieb was here from Washington, somehow was led to the warehouse and was presently tearing it apart.  Sieb was the head of the US government task force that was meant to deal with the possibility that the rose was real and it’s information correct.  His team had been tracking Delega and the Keeper’s for sometime.  Even though the government considered the whole thing highly unlikely, they still threw millions of dollars just to be sure.  If something bad did happen, they wanted the information to be able to come out on top.  
Michael drove up to the blockade and pulled over to the side.  As he switched off the ignition one of the guards came to his window.
“Sorry sir, this street is closed until further notice.  You’ll have to turn around.”
“I need to speak with agent Sieb,” Michael answered.  “I can deliver Rock Tilton.  Relay that message and I’m sure he’ll have some instructions for you.”
The man nodded and backed off towards the rest of his squad.  He talked into the radio and after a few short words came back to the window.
“Get out of the car, we’ll walk from here.”  Michael got out. Immediately he was pushed up against the hood and was being frisked.  He was unarmed having left his weapons in a second car on the next street over.  He prided himself on always being one step ahead.
He felt a forceful hand grab his shirt and pull him back, “let’s go,” one of them said.  
“After you,” Michael held out his hand in the direction of the warehouse.  They started briskly walking, a young soldier flanking him on either side.  The two way street wasn’t only used for Elias’s warehouse but it was the access point to almost a dozen more.  Those lots were eerily silent as though the military quietly shut them down for the day.  
They arrived at the entrance to Barrion Imports and he wasn’t surprised to see a great presence of military force. The personnel consisted of fifty or more armed men stationed around the perimeter.  He could expect the same number to be roaming the interior as well.  They passed through dozens of government vehicles and white vans before arriving at a plain side entrance.
 As they entered the structure the first thing he noticed were the shell casings on the ground and the bullet holes dotting the walls.  The remnants of the earlier gun battle between Elias and Delega, he presumed.  After a long hallway they came to the main hangar.  Here, people in lab coats outnumbered the military.  They were setting up workstations and tagging various odd looking items.  They were systematically going through everything in the facility, categorizing it and then hauling it away to some government center.  Elias would be furious if he knew what they were doing.
Through the chaos they marched him to the opposite side and through a set of doorways leading to another short hallway.  Down at the end, they entered past a sliding glass door with thick double pained windows.  Inside, a man rested against the opposite wall with his back facing Michael.  
“Stay here until you’re aloud to leave,” the guard instructed and then shut the door leaving the two men inside.  
Michael immediately addressed his companion, “Agent Sieb?”
The man turned at the sound of his voice.  Michael almost laughed when he recognized Seth Delega.  His arm was wrapped in a sling.  It rested against his chest, covering a dark red bloodstain the shape of a long oval.  There was even more spatters of blood covering his pants.
“What happened to you,” Michael asked.  “You look like shit.  Though I did figured it was you who led Sieb here after Rock told me you were partnered up with military men.  Did your plan not work out the way you anticipate?”
“You look like your brother,” Seth said.  “Cocky fuck that one.”
“I won’t argue.  We are twins.”
“So why are you here?”
“I don’t know if I should answer to you. What part do you play in this?  What arrangement is there between you and Sieb?”
“Let’s just say I gave him this place and all my information so he can obtain the rose and however high he rises because of this, I come along.  Also I control much of what is going on, I make many of the decisions if that’s what you’re asking.”
“Well then, I can deliver Rock to you and everything he has in his possession.  How’s that for a start.”
The door opened behind him and Michael stepped out of the way as another man entered the room.
“Cooper,” he sneered.  “Should have known it was you, where’s your sneaky little shit brother.”
“Agent Siebiscut, it’s been awhile, he’s part of the reason I’m here actually.”
“You better have some interesting fucking news or I’m libel to just keep you here for awhile.  How does that sound?”
“Well, I was just telling Seth, I can give you Rock Tilton, on a platter.  I can tell you where he’s going to be, when he’s going to be there.  Then you can do the rest.”
Agent Sieb looked him over.  The man had interrogated Michael once before, almost four years ago.  It was involving a murder he committed of a governmental employee who had offended Gavin in some minor way.  Unfortunately, Michael had slipped up in the disposal and became a suspect, though his lawyers easily had the case dismissed due to lack of evidence.  Since then, the two had come in contact a fair number of times involving the Keepers movements in relation to the Delega Group.  Due to their prior relationship both he and Sieb didn’t have to feel the other man out.  They fell into the old routine.
“Ok I’ll play,” Sieb said casually.  “What do you want?”
“Two things.  I want a place in the safe zones should you acquire the rose and I want you to use your resources, technology, and men, to get my brother out alive, away from the keepers, who now hold him hostage.”
“Your brother’s a hostage,” Seth started laughing.  “Looks like I’m not the only one who’s on the outs.”  
Michael darted towards him and pushed him up against the wall, slamming his back into a spongy surface.  The force knocked the wind from Seth Delega and he winced in pain from the contact with his arm.  “Another word and I’ll snap your neck,” Michael whispered.  Seth’s eyes bulged in obvious fear but he didn’t struggle.  Michael slowly let him go and backed away.
Seth quickly regained his courage, “fucking piece of shit,” he snapped.  “Do you know where you are?  I could have you strung up and left for dead, I could have you beaten and never heard from again. I could.”
“Quiet Delega!”  Agent Sieb broke in.  “Where is your brother being held,” he turned back to Michael.  
“One of two locations, I don’t know which, you’d need to hit both simultaneously.”
“If we do this, I also want the location of Elias.”
“Of course.  But I want my brother freed first, then I’ll give you the locations of every place I know he’s been at.”
“I think that would be acceptable,” Seth said.
“You aren’t making the decision Delega,” Sieb returned.
“And here I was under the impression you had power,” Michael smirked.  
“I do.  Remember our agreement,” Seth took a step towards Sieb.  “I am in charge down here.”
“But now that I have this man and his cooperation, why do I need you?”  Sieb pushed Delega away from him, drew out a gun and fired twice into the man’s chest.  Seth Delega jerked as the bullets tore through his body.  His face held a bewildered expression as he fell against the wall, finally coming to an awkward slumped pose in the corner.
Michael’s ears rang from the sound, but he held his position.  He wasn’t caught off guard by the sudden act. Delega was far out of his territory, his safety.  It was only a matter of time before he was expendable to this man.  “So I take it all decisions go through you.  And now I know why I was brought to a soundproofed room.”
Agent Sieb smiled.  “You’ve always been observant.”  He holstered his gun.
“I figured it was him or me once I got in here, but I was fairly confident that I still had information you needed.  Trust me when I say, when my information runs out, you won’t ever see me again.”
“Smart man.”
“So do we have a deal?”
“When do I meet Rock?”
“Soon, but before you do, I want my brother out and once out he is to let me know he is safe. I need to hear from him.”
“Fair enough.”
“And one more thing.”
“Yes,” he saw Agent Sieb’s patience wearing thin.
“No teams, no guns.  If Rock so much as smells it, he’ll leave.  And I know he’ll have people watching.”
“What’s to stop him from killing me.  What’s to stop Rock from walking away?  I might get nothing from this.”
“True.  But where are you without me?  Archiving this shit here.  Interesting to be sure but not the path to get you the rose.  Rock can give that to you.  I’m giving you a chance to talk to him, convince him.  He’s very reasonable.  He wants out of this, that I guarantee.  And he wants his girl back who is being held by Vitori Delega, perhaps there is a trade of services that can be made.  I don’t know.  I’m here for my brother and a spot in the safe zone, that’s all.  If I get what I want, I’ll help you all I can.  But I think I’ve overstayed my time here.  I’ll be missed if I don’t get back.”
Agent Sieb took a step away and opened the sliding door.  “Ok Michael.  I’ll agree.  When and where is the meeting and I’ll need the information on your brother’s holding as soon as possible to get the plans laid.”  
Michael walked past him.  “I’ll call you with the details when I’m clear of this place.”  He smiled.  “I don’t trust you.”
“And I don’t trust you,” Sieb replied.
“That’s unfortunate as I’m your only real lead.”
“It is.  Do you want my number?”
“I have it,” Michael said casually.
“How?”
“We’ll be in touch.  Be ready to leave in fifteen minutes.”  Michael started down the hallway as two men came up to guide him out.  He thought that went very well.  Agent Sieb seemed reasonable if not paranoid.  And Seth Delega was dead.  That was unexpected but somehow, very satisfying.

Chapter 44
Florida, August 2012




There was nothing Anna could do but wait.  She cupped her head in her hands and struggled to keep her eyelids from closing.  It’d been a full day since she allowed herself any rest.  Vitori sat a few feet away, next to the phone.  Anna was at a loss as to what either party would do, Rock or Vitori, but she knew her place was central to whatever choices were being made.
“You could have told me,” she said. “Play nice and then plan on killing me, that’s as cold as it gets Mr. Delega.”  Ever since the meeting with Rock she refused to use his first name.
“I don’t want to kill you,” he said back.
“But you will.”
He didn’t answer.  
“You will, just to prove a point to Rock, but then what, you have nobody left to kill.  Everyone’s dead.  You lose your bargaining chip.”
“I have faith he’ll make the right choice.”
Anna sighed.  She looked at the clock, it read 8:45pm.  “He doesn’t have much time to make that choice.  He didn’t call this morning and the day’s almost up.  What happens if he doesn’t call, will you follow through on your threat?”
“He’ll call,” Delega answered.
Anna didn’t know if he would or not.  It all depended on what Rock actually believed.  If he believed the stories of what would begin to happen to the Earth in a few months, then he might not do anything.  How can you measure a single life against all those you could possibly save by choosing to do the right thing with the information you have.  Whatever the right thing turned out to be.  She couldn’t hold anything against him for that.
“I heard some things,” Anna said.  “About your son.  Is he dead Mr. Delega?  Did you kill your son yesterday?”
Vitori turned a cold eye on her but said nothing.
“I don’t have kids,” she continued.  “But I have imagined what being a mother would be like.  And though I know it could never compare to the real thing, I don’t think, as a parent, I could ever trade my child’s life for anything.  I don’t think I could perceive anything that has value over my own child.”  Anna waited for the reaction.  She was trying to get him irritated.  Unfocussed people made the most critical mistakes.
“Did you shoot him yourself,” she prodded.  “Or order it done.  If you’re going to kill him you should be man enough to pull the trigger yourself.”
“Enough!” Vitori clenched his teeth and stared at her.  “Shut the fuck up woman!”  His eyes held an intense anger. The same type she’d seen in Seth Delega at infrequent intervals.  His wrinkled face tightened and thin veins started to protrude as he took her in.  “You don’t know my son.  You don’t know Seth and what he’s capable of.  He’s a monster.”
Anna waited for him to fall silent.  She hadn’t even flinched backwards at his outburst.  “And who do you think made him that way?”
The phone started to ring. 
It rang twice before Vitori picked it up.  He hit the speaker button and answered calmly.  “You barely made it Rock.  I was about to take the bitch’s tongue.”
“Here’s the deal.  I want to make the exchange, tonight,” Rock’s voice came through the speaker.  Just to hear him gave her a sense of hope.
“I see you’ve come to your senses.”
“Not exactly,” Rock answered.  He was confident.  “We do this my way.  You and Anna, that’s it, not one other person and no weapons.  I have an address and time that I will text to you when we’re done speaking.  I’ll be watching.  If anything is not as I instruct, then I will disappear and you won’t hear from me again.  If I deem you safe, I will come out and give you what I have and then you will let Anna go.”
“Do you really think I’m going to agree to that?  You could easily overpower me.  I am an old man.  You’d take Anna and walk away, leaving me with nothing.”
“If you want what I have, this is your only chance.  Trust me or don’t, it’s your call.  This is your one opportunity.  You follow through on your part and I will do the same with mine.”
“Then Anna will die.”
“If what I have is legit, she’s dead anyway, but maybe I can save a whole lot more people than one.  And once you get my text, I’m destroying this phone. Vitori, it’s now your call.  Bring another person, I walk, a weapon, I walk.  And Anna, if you’re listening, if this doesn’t go to plan, I’m sorry, I do love you, always have.” 
The phone hung up before Vitori could say anything else.  He looked dumbfounded as though he couldn’t fathom the way the conversation just went down.  
The phone beeped in his hand, warning of a received message.  Anna started laughing.  The few individuals around sneered at her.
“What,” she said.  “Can I not find this funny?  You have to do it his way now, there’s no negotiation.  You can’t contact him and if you don’t show he’s libel to disappear.”
“He’s bluffing,” Vitori said.
“I don’t believe so and I know Rock a whole lot better than you.  That was a goodbye.  He does what he says.  But if you do it his way, you’ll probably get what you want.  And if you don’t, you won’t get anything and I’ll be in a bad situation.”  That part was true enough.
“I will not play the part he wants me to play.”  Vitori grimaced. He was looking to her for answers.  “He’ll call back when I don’t show.  Let him wait.”
He looked down at Anna.  That’s not what she wanted to hear.  Rock was ready to deal or he wouldn’t have called, and for it to work, he needed Delega to show up.  She decided to smile at him.
“Why are you so fucking happy, you’re not going to come out of this well off dear.”
“For one, I think you’re passing up an opportunity, for both you and me.”
“Go on.”
“He’s going to have the stuff on him.  That right there is worth going.  You’ve been chasing this your whole life, and now when you might have a chance to get it, you’re backing off due to pride and a hurt ego.  Rock doesn’t care about that.   He’s one guy.  He’s not bringing anybody else into this.  Too many people have been hurt in his mind.  Personally, I think you should go, bring a concealed gun if you have to, he’ll never be able to check you for it.  My guess is you’ll never have to use it and everything will go to plan.  But you’ll have it as insurance.”
“So you’re telling me to go armed.  His instructions forbid it.”  
“It’s better than not going at all, for him, for you, definitely for me.  At least we’ll have a chance to get this done.  He wants me back and wants out of this, I want out of this.  That’s it.  If you do as he says, he’ll stay true to his word, I’m almost positive of that.  If it goes down well, then make the trade and everyone’s happy.  If he tries something, you’ll have a weapon.   Once he sees me, the gun you carry won’t deter him.  He won’t disappear.”
“How do you know I won’t shoot Rock and you and take everything?  Now, you’re taking a chance by trusting the man holding you hostage.”
“I’m telling you the truth because I think, either way, in the end, if you get what you want, you’ll let us go.”  She caught him in the eyes.  “Am I wrong about that?”
“No Anna, about that part, you’re right.”
“Then go, with a weapon.  My gut tells me everyone will get what they want.”
Vitori finally nodded.  She may have convinced him.  He contemplated her for a moment and then without a word, walked away.
Anna smirked to herself.  She had done her part.  Rock never would believe Vitori would come unarmed.  He would be ready with something.  He wanted Vitori to believe he had the upper hand in the situation.  But he couldn’t pull this off alone, who did he have to help him, she wondered.  Who could he trust?
Chapter 45
Florida, August 2012




He pulled over a few blocks from his destination.  His palms were wet with anticipation.  Everything would happen in the next few hours and it all depended on a specific ordering of events.  The first of which, was to get Sieb to move his pieces.  Michael picked up his cell and dialed.  
“Very clever Michael,” Anders Sieb answered after the first ring.  
“Sorry, I know your capabilities.  I had to find a way to neutralize them.  But you’re in no danger.  We still need each other.”
“I suppose you want to talk about your brother now.”
“Yes, but I have uncovered some new information.  It would seem that he’s been scheduled to be executed.”
“I thought he was being held.  This could complicate things,” Sieb spoke casually.
“Actually, though it sounds shitty, this is good.  I know where they do these types of things and I know their procedures.  I used to be the guy that carried them out.  I’ll give you the address in a moment.  I’d do it myself but I know you have men better suited to such a task and I may not be able to get there in time. A couple of your sharp shooters should easily be able take out the men that hold him. They’ll need to be at the location in no less than an hour and my brother, as they should know, looks exactly like me.  After this is done and Malcolm is safe, my man will take you to Rock and your meeting.”
“Ok,” Sieb said.  “But my boys are not going to let your brother out of their sight until I say so.  That’s my insurance.”
“I’ll accept that, for now.”
“Good.  So I only have to wait another hour then.”
“As long as your men do their part.”
“Of that I’m certain.”
“Then good luck tonight.”
The phone went silent without a response.  Michael quickly texted the address of the execution spot to Sieb’s number and put the phone back in his pocket.  
Now that Sieb was moving, Michael had to meet Elias.  This part, he wasn’t looking forward to.  Elias was a wild card.
He started up his car and drove the rest of the way to the front entrance of Gavin’s old villa. It was the place Elias had been staying ever since killing the old man. Only a minute passed when two men came up to the vehicle and rapped on the window.   Michael rolled it down, “Michael Cooper, Elias should be expecting me,” he said into a fat, frowning face.
“Yeah, you’re on the list,” one of them returned and brought out a page of pictures and matched up Michael.  “Ok go on in.”  They opened the simple fence and waved him through.
The front of the house was quiet.  There were only two cars parked in a lot made for twenty.  The outside lights were dimmed and nobody stood watch near the entrance.  He quickly made his way to front and knocked on the door.  When nobody answered, Michael pushed it open and stepped inside.  The hallway was vacant.   
“Elias,” Michael called.  No answer.  He didn’t like this.  It was very odd for nobody to be near the front.  He cautiously started towards the back of the house, heading for the bar and entertainment room.  That’s where Elias would probably be, and if not, Michael could use a drink anyhow.
He came first to the open-air kitchen and silently slipped through.  He stepped down a small flight of stairs and around a corner, entering the game room.  A sweet cheery wood finish shined on the walls and there was a short but well stocked bar at the back.  The golden accents and faded organic painting gave it an older feel, something out of the Wild West.  In the corner, a large, seventy-inch television showed a European soccer match while the center was taken up by a full sized pool table, brightly lit by a one of a kind golden light, hung by two chains from an open ceiling.  
Beneath it, Elias was shooting.
He looked up as Michael came into the room.  He hit his shot but didn’t say a word.  In the back, his two bodyguards sat at a round table.  They eyed Michael but made no move to get up. 
Michael walked inside and came around the bar and grabbed a beer.  He popped the cap and came back to the other side.  Elias kept hitting the balls in one by one. 
“Do you know why I like soccer?”  He hit another ball into the corner, stopping the white cue on impact.  It sat in perfect placement for the next shot.
“No,” Michael said, still trying to figure out this strange display.  The tactic was meant to put him on edge.  It was working.
“It’s much like your game of football over here.  Everyone on that field has to know exactly what everyone else on their team is doing.  They need to work as one to get to their goal.  If one person is doing their own thing and not in sync with the others, it puts that team at a distinct disadvantage and it is likely they’ll lose.   That’s why you need a coach, that’s his job, to make sure his players know what it is they are to do together, to oversee their successes and their failures.”
“It’s a lot like our organization too,” he continued, hitting another ball into the corner pocket.  “We need to function together to reach our goal, which is so close, Michael.  And I am our coach, I see what all my players are doing and try to get them to see that goal too.  To try and get them to see it together, to do things as one.”
Michael cleared his throat.  “Since when do coaches hold their players hostage?”
The comment elicited a sneer.  Elias threw his cue on the table.  “I am doing what I must,” he said.  “To ensure that we continue as a species the best way we possibly can.  And that’s to forget our corrupt governments and idiotic loyalties to countries gone bad.  We must come together in the aftermath as one people with one leadership where everyone can thrive.  And you.”  He came closer.  He pointed his finger at Michael and walked towards him until it was mere inches from his face.  Michael didn’t flinch.  “You Michael Cooper, thwart me at every turn.”
“I don’t know what you’re talking about,” Michael backed up a step.
“The fuck you don’t.  Not one person was ever sent to the hotel where you supposedly found the black boy.  Not one.  You told me you found him hiding there and you told me you sent men to wait for Rock should he return.  But you didn’t.  What if Rock had returned?”  He pause and spun back around, walking towards the pool table.  He picked his cue back up and faced Michael.  
“But then I thought about it.  You’re not that stupid to just leave it to chance. You’re anything but stupid.  So that means you came across this boy somewhere, maybe you found him alone, Rock had abandoned him or maybe you found Rock and lost him and didn’t want to say anything.  But you had better tell me the truth.” Elias snapped the cue over his knee breaking the stick into two sharp pieces. He tightly gripped the two shards, waiting.  “And that means right now.”
 “You’re right,” Michael admitted.  It was his only play. “I never sent anyone to the hotel because there was nothing that was going to happen.  The truth is I was following a gut response and came across both Benji and Rock.  I pulled my gun and cornered them.”
“Why didn’t you call for back-up?”
“Because I was in the moment, and we started talking.  He didn’t have the copies on him, they were safe, he said.  And if he didn’t check in every hour, they were ready to be sent to Delega.  It could have been a bluff, but I had to take him at his word.  The worst offense would be allowing Delega to have the copies.  But then he made me an offer.”  Michael took a sip a beer before he continued.  “He wanted me to help him get back Anna.  I saw it as an opportunity to enter in conversations with him, gain a little trust where there was none before.  I told him I had an idea on how to get his lady friend, but I would need something to convince me this wasn’t a set-up.  Benji offered himself as a sort of pawn.  Why do think I asked you not to kill him or take his body parts, he wasn’t supposed to be hurt like that.”
“So why not just tell me all of this,” Elias said.  “And where has it fucking gotten you.”
“I didn’t tell you because I feared what you would do to my brother if things didn’t move along as I expected.”
“You’re right, I fully expect to kill Malcolm in the next few minutes if I don’t like the rest of your story.”
“That’s why I have come tonight.  I was ready to tell you everything.  In a little over an hour there is a meeting between Rock and Vitori Delega.  A meeting that I have helped to set-up.  Vitori believes he’ll trade Anna directly for the copies of the rose and the missing pages Rock has recovered.  I have convinced Rock that Delega will do no such thing and I believe I am right.  Delega will bring men and weapons and take what he wants. We both know that.  And here’s the best part.  I told Rock we would be there, to take out Delega and his men and leave Anna safely unharmed.  At that point, he’ll hand over the copies as long as we let him and Anna go free.”
“And he trusts you, after everything.”
“I told him we have something in common, we both have a loved one being held hostage.  And then I gave him my word.  He gets Anna, you get the copies, and I get Malcolm, and we leave them alone.”
Elias studied Michael.   A slow smile spread across his face.  “Ok Michael.  Ok.  But to make sure everything goes to plan, I’m coming tonight.  This all ends tonight, and after I get what I want, Rock is being put down.  I don’t like loose ends.  Besides, he’ll be dead in a few months anyhow.”
“I gave him my word,” Michael protested.  
“So your word is going to be shit,” Elias said.  “So what?”
“Is your word shit too? Will you let Malcolm go after all this?  You said that to me, is that shit?”
“Of course not.  You do your part, head up my men tonight, make sure they take out all of Vitori’s crew and control the situation.  If you do that, then my word is good.  If you don’t, well, then we might have some things to discuss, I understand Michael, family is everything.”
“It is. I want mine back.”
Elias threw the broken pool cue on the bar and walked around, grabbing himself a beer from the fridge.  He opened the top and strolled over to where Michael stood.  He clinked his bottle.
“Well then, here’s to family,” he said and took a long swig.  “Let’s be on our way, we shouldn’t waste any time.  You said a little over an hour, right?”
Elias called for ride and in minutes the four of them were in the back of a limousine.  Michael gave the driver the address where Rock was located and they pulled out of Gavin’s estate.
They rode in silence for ten minutes when Michael noticed they were making some odd turns.  “Where are we going,” he asked.”  This isn’t the way to the location.  I gave the driver the address, this isn’t it.”
“We have one stop before we go there, we’re picking somebody up,” Elias said.
“Who might that be?”
“Benji, the boy. I think it would be good to reunite him with Rock before we kill him.”
“If you say so.”  Michael was unconcerned about Benji.  He was more concerned for his brother.  Elias was too talkative, too engaging.  In all his dealings with the man, he never volunteered information.  Now, he was a regular chatterbox.
“Who all is going to be there,” Elias asked.
“I think you know. Rock, Delega, Anna. That’s unless Delega was able to bring more men.”
“What about your other friend?”  
Michael drew in a deep breath.  “And who are you referring to?”
The car came to a slow stop.  Michael looked out the window and knew exactly where they were.  The plain brick building was the main headquarters of the keepers day-to-day operations.  It was isolated, near the water and always fully manned.  A second set of headlights pulled in behind them.  
“Who’s that,” Michael let his other question go without an answer.  He slowly eased his hand towards his weapon.
“My team.”
“Only two cars, that’s a small team for such a big event.”
“I figured too many boots make more noise, I don’t want to scare them off before everyone is in position.”  Elias followed his movements.  “Where’s that hand going, gun or phone?”
“Just shifting.  My gun isn’t even loaded,” Michael lied, “And who would I be calling?”
“You might want to warn Anders Sieb.”  Elias immediately pulled his weapon out and pointed it at Michael.  “Keep those hands high.”
“How did you know,” Michael asked, raising his arms over his head while Elias’s bodyguards took his weapon.
“You went too long without any results.  I looked over your record, that’s unlike you.  So I had you followed to Barrion Imports this afternoon.  If it’s any consolation, I was going to kill you and your brother tonight anyway. Your help was becoming unnecessary and for some reason I got the feeling you didn’t like me.”
“Your powers of perception are unbelievably acute,” Michael rolled his eyes.
“It’s nice of you to wrap everything up for me in a sweet little gift.  I get Rock, Delega and Sieb, all in one place.  I couldn’t have planned it better myself.”
“Sieb will have more men than you.”
“Really Michael, still playing games.  After you left Barrion Imports my men watched Sieb leave without backup.  They’ve kept an eye on things and it appears as though his men are running around trying to find him.  You did a remarkable job in making him disappear.  I expect that you cut some deal with him and he’ll be there tonight as well.  An extra cherry for me.”
“You have it all figured out Elias.”  
“Harper, Grimes” Elias addressed his bodyguards.  “Take Michael around back and shoot him in the head.  Then go inside and watch to make sure Dr. Redman has no trouble when he starts dissecting the rose.  Oh, and you can kill Malcolm as well, if you’d like.”
 “Yes sir,” they said in unison like a couple of parrots. 
Michael was pushed from the vehicle and then slammed up against the brick wall.  When they turned him around, Elias stood before him.  “Thanks for making it interesting,” Elias said, then lightly slapped him in the face.  “Good boy.”  He chuckled to himself and walked away.  
Michael watched him head towards the newly arrived car, he opened the passenger door and sat inside.  The car pulled out and drove away. Michael counted five men in total.
Michael felt himself being pulled.  “Easy big guy,” he said looking up at the man’s fat face.
“Just come along, this won’t take but a moment,” Grimes said.  “We’ve done this many times before.  We’ll make it quick.”
“I know you will,” Michael replied.  “It’s just that, I have somewhere else I need to be.”
Chapter 46
Florida, August 2012




Rock sat quietly.  He sat very still.  He waited.  Sayla should be contacting him within the next few minutes and she would have Vitori Delega and Anna with her, if things were going to plan.  The location he chose for the meeting place was Anglin’s Fishing Pier and Delega was supposed to have been there an hour ago.  Rock didn’t meet him.  Instead, he dispatched Sayla, with specific instructions.  
She was to pick up Vitori and Anna, collect their phones and take the batteries.  Then, she would take them on a long route through Ft. Lauderdale. They were to enter a large office complex where she would lead them into a building and then quickly back out through an exit on the opposite side.  A second car would be waiting for them.  Sayla would drive them another unspecified distance taking various turns and watching to be sure nobody followed.  After she was certain to be free from shadows, she was to let Rock know and bring Delega and Anna to him. In the event she was taken, which was a likely possibility, she would tell them where he was but that Rock would be gone by the time they arrived.  She didn’t know where he planned to go if that scenario came to pass.  That lack of information provided a safeguard, for both of them.  
The long vacated office building, found by Michael, still had electricity.  Rock decided to station himself in the rear offices.  From there, he gained access to three separate exit routes in case things went awry.  
Once they arrived, Sayla would instruct them to walk in the main entrance, and go down the middle hall and take the last right.  They would continue until they came to the only office with the lights on.  Inside, Rock would be waiting.
He looked at his watch. If she didn’t respond in another five minutes, he would have to leave.  Staying longer than necessary, hoping for the scenario to play out as planned, wasn’t worth the chance of being caught. 
Rock suddenly heard a car door slam.
He immediately shot to his feet.  It had come from the front.
He picked up his gun and crept out the door and into the dark hallway.  The corridor opened up to either side of the office but without lights, he couldn’t see much past a few yards.  He fell back and blended into the shadows. The front door opened.  He fell further back, and ducked into another office, completely hidden from view.  
The soft sound of cautious steps made their way towards him.  
Rock tensed and twisted his neck, loosening the muscles.  He waited, taking shallow, quiet breaths.  His eyes were trained on the sliver of light extending into the hallway.  A man’s silhouette slowly shifted into view.  He held a gun at his side, and crouched.  He was listening.  Rock held back his breath.  The man turned the opposite way, looking into the hallway, exposing his back.  Rock took the opportunity.
He stepped out silently.  He raised his gun to head level.  He itched to pull the trigger.  His finger trembled on the thin piece of metal.  Rock cocked the hammer sending the chilling sound through the silence.  “Put the weapon down,” he said firmly.  
The man straightened.  He made no sudden movements.  He slowly bent down and placed his gun on the ground.
“Now move into the office, slowly.”  The man did as he was told and Rock followed, bending down to pick up the gun as he passed by.  Once both men were inside, the man turned around.  Rock didn’t recognize him.
“Who are you, and is there anybody with you,” he said.  He took slow steps, circling, putting the man’s body between him and the entrance. 
“Rock Tilton.  Michael Cooper said I’d find you here.”
“You’re with Michael?”
“I wouldn’t say I’m with him, but he told me about you.  I’m Anders Sieb.  Agent Sieb.  I run a small unit in the government aimed with the sole purpose of tracking what you have so precisely become wrapped up in.  I think I can help you get out.”
“The military.”  Rock smirked.  “I saw the military today.  They tried to kill me.  And they were taking orders from Seth Delega, a man I despise.  Is he with you?”
“He helped me get involved but since has been dealt with.  Seth Delega is dead.  I killed him.”  Agent Sieb must have seen something is Rock’s expression. “You don’t look happy,” he said.
“Maybe I wanted to do that myself.”
“Well he’s dead. I didn’t know that or I might have let you do it.”
“Anna mentioned you before, I remember.  Why are you even here?  Is there anybody with you and how can I be sure you came alone.”
“Simple.  Michael arranged it.  You know how thorough he is.  Even with the technology I have access to, he’s pretty inventive on how to curtail my advantages.  A man of his picked me up ten minutes after we talked.  Of course I had myself tracked and I had aerial surveillance of the vehicle I was being taken in, and I was armed.  I felt pretty secure.  But then I was dropped off at Broward Mall and told to go inside.  Once I entered, I met a second individual.  He gave me a complete change of clothes, including shoes and underwear.  He thoroughly checked my body for any device and he took my gun.  Then, he escorted me to another car and drove me around for over an hour and now I’m here.  When we arrived, he gave me that gun you now possess, unloaded.  He threw a clip out the window as he drove away.   So you see, we’re alone.  You’re safe.  This isn’t how I pictured this going, but I’m here.  So let’s talk.”
Rock didn’t know what to say.  Michael had never mentioned this part.  Agent Anders Sieb was a complete unknown.  He was being forced to process this information and do it quickly. 
He twitched as his phone buzzed, breaking his thoughts.  He kept one eye on Anders and fished it out.  It was Sayla.  Her text read, ‘on the way, with Anna.’
“Who’s that?”
“The man I’m meeting tonight.  You may know him, Vitori Delega.”
Agent Sieb immediately frowned.  “What are you meeting about?”
“He has my wife.  Ex wife.  I’m trading what I have for her, then we’re leaving and never coming back.”
“Is that what you think?”
“It’s as far as I’ve gotten.”
“Even if you get what you want and successfully leave, Delega will hunt you and he’ll eventually find you.  Not only that, but you also have to dodge the resources they have at the keepers of the rose.  They’ll also be looking for you until they know you’re dead.  You and Anna don’t have much of a shot in that scenario.  The only thing that’s keeping you alive is the information and you’re about to give it away.  You may live tonight.  But don’t think it’s a victory.”
“If Delega follows through, then I will uphold my part of the bargain.  Michael is supposed to be here and he’ll deal with Delega after the trade.  But I think that’s enough about my predicament, let’s focus on you.  What’s your purpose, you never told me.”
“I want what everyone else does.”
“Ok, but you don’t have anything to offer.”
“I don’t?  I don’t remember being asked.”
Rock nodded, allowing him to continue.
“I can get your girl back and I can also offer you safety.  Safety now and into the future, whatever that may hold.  I can see to it your identity is changed and that you and Anna and your families disappear into society, never to be heard from again.  You won’t be tracked you won’t exist.  I have the resources and I have the ability.  Nobody else can give you that.  Just know without me, you’re as good as dead out there.”
Rock studied the man, taking in his words.  “How do you propose to get Anna if I don’t hand everything off to Delega.  Tonight, he’ll have a weapon and I’ll have one.  People will be shot if things don’t go to plan.  And what exactly is Michael getting out of this if you get the copies, what will he have to bargain with for his brother.”
“I’m getting him his brother back as we speak.  He gave me a location and my men will see to it he’s released.”
There were things going on that Michael failed to tell him.  Rock was becoming anxious. “So that’s what this was all about for Michael, you helping him.  He used me.  He’s not coming tonight is he?”
“I doubt it.” 
“But what you’re saying is you could do the same with Anna, get her out for me.”
“Yes, you just have to put off Delega until tomorrow.  At that point we can work something out.”
“I don’t think that’s going to happen, perhaps if we were able to talk sooner than now.  I already have things in motion, in fact Delega is supposed to arrive anytime.  He has Anna with him.  If I can get her tonight, we’re leaving.  Perhaps you can get the copies off him after this is done.”
“That won’t happen.  He’ll most likely take the information off grid and we’ll have no idea where to find it or even look for it.  It will disappear and we won’t know about it until its too late.”
“Call your men, get it right after the exchange, before he has a chance to hide it.”
“After I called my men to tell them the information about Malcolm’s whereabouts, I had a gun shoved in my face.  I had to give the phone back.  I should have gone and found a payphone as soon as I got here but I was in a hurry to get to you.  Also, I didn’t know how much time I would have with you.  It might have been a mistake, but here we are.”  
“Here we are,” Rock replied.  Agent Sieb appeared as though he was telling the truth but there was no way Rock could trust him.  His presence could only do harm to the situation and his words were worrisome. Michael’s part, per their agreement was to handle Delega during the exchange, if he became violent, or afterwards if need be.  But now that his brother was already released, he may not show up at all.  Perhaps his real intent was for Sieb to take his place.  But once again, Rock knew nothing about the man and a wild card at this stage was not ideal.  “I’m sorry Agent Sieb, I have to see how this plays out tonight, without your help.  Take a seat over there.”  Rock motioned to a place against the wall.
Agent Sieb nodded.  “Delega isn’t to be trusted, I’ve had dealings with him in the past.”
“I don’t trust him.”
“Then how do you think this is going to happen?”
“I can’t tell you anything.  There is no point in letting you in on what I think will happen.  Then you become a liability.”
“I can play a part,” Sieb pleaded.  “Give me my gun back, I’m a good shot, I can take out Delega before he has a chance to do anything.”
“Then you risk Anna, this exchange requires patience.  Now please be quiet, I need to listen for their arrival.  I don’t think it would be good for either of us to be caught off guard.”
Agent Sieb slumped against the wall.  Rock was relieved to finally see the man come to grips with his situation.   He took a step back and leaned against an old cubicle and kept one eye on the door leading to the front and one on Agent Sieb.  He looked harmless, but that was probably not the case.
“I was just thinking,” Rock said.  “I can’t have you here when Delega shows up.”
“What do you propose?”
“See that closet right there,” Rock pointed to a door not five feet from where Sieb rested.
“Yeah.”
“Get in.”
“No.”
Rock pointed his gun at him. “Get in the closet, or I’ll shoot you and drag you in there myself.  You’re not even supposed to be here.  You’re gonna fuck everything up.”
“You’re not the cold blooded murdering type.  You’re not threatened, you won’t kill me.”  Sieb slowly rose to his feet.  Rock closed the distance and held the gun steady, pointing at the man’s head.  “You don’t know me, and as far as being threatened, you’re standing in my way of my leaving all this behind and getting my wife back alive.  I’d say right now, you’re the biggest threat I have.  I’ll put one in your head and never think twice about it for the rest of my life.” 
Sieb’s smugness immediately fell away.  “Ok,” he said holding his hands up.  “I’m going.”  Rock couldn’t see himself, but he knew at the moment, he looked mad.  
Agent Sieb opened the door and took one last look at Rock.  “You’re making a mistake,” he said  “I can help you.”
“The only way you can help me is by staying quiet.  If you do that, I won’t have to kill you.”  
Rock gently shut the door. 
Chapter 47
Florida, August 2012




Anna was tired of riding in the car.   She did, however, realize its necessity.  Earlier, Vitori decided to ignore her advice and had arrived at Anglin’s Fishing Pier, shadowed by a dozen armed men.  They blended quietly into the surrounding location and were instructed to grab Rock the moment he was identified.  But he never came.  Instead, Sayla met them on his behalf.   Since that time, the girl had driven them all over Miami, running lights and taking quick turns.  Once, they even left their car and entered a large office building from the East side and exited the West, only to change vehicles and start moving again.
As the ride passed the one-hour mark, Vitori began to lose his patience.  “How much longer do we have to do this,” he complained.  “This is becoming a little outrageous.”
“If it makes you feel better, we’re on our way there now.  No more stops,” Sayla answered.  “We had to lose your whole team back there.” 
“It was just me, “ Vitori said.  “Like we agreed.”  
“Sure it was.”
The time was passing 9pm and night had settled over Miami.  Vitori’s face fell into shadow except for a few brief moments as the car passed beneath various street lamps.  Anna avoided looking over at those times.  His creased skin, highlighted by a quick flash, made him look even more evil.
“Rock trusts you now,” she asked Sayla, turning her attention to the girl who played both sides.  She didn’t receive an answer.
To her credit, Sayla kept a cool head the entire time.  She didn’t allow either Vitori or Anna to get through the tough exterior, though both of them had tried.  Vitori wanted information.  Anna wanted to see where Sayla’s loyalties actually lied.  But she gave away nothing in her silence. 
They finally took an exit from the freeway and Anna felt her body unexpectedly tense as she moved into a state of anticipation.  She began to notice every subtle detail.  To her side, Vitori clicked his right hand fingernails on the window in a triplet pattern.  He held his other hand across his stomach where he hid a gun.  In the front, Sayla’s right arm shook when she held the wheel.  Her breathing was controlled but sounded shallow and fast.  She was as nervous as either of them.  Outside, she noticed the light spatter of rain on the car roof and the small drops that trailed down the glass.  
Two more turns and they pulled onto a long road that took them to a graveyard of vacant parking lots, covered in stray garbage and weeds.  They pulled into a circle drive and stopped at the entrance to one of three large office buildings, arranged in an arc.  Anna couldn’t tell the exact color, but this night, they took on a greenish tint.  
“Is this it,” Vitori asked.
“Of course this is it,” Anna responded.
“I wasn’t aware of addressing you.”
“This is it,” Sayla replied.  “You both are to get out and go into the middle building.  Take the center hallway until the end and take a right, follow it to the office with the light on.  Rock will be waiting inside.”
“What are you going to do,” Anna asked.
“I’m leaving,” Sayla said.  “My part’s done.”
Vitori removed himself from the car and prodded Anna to do the same using a swift knock on the trunk.  When she was clear, Sayla immediately pulled away, leaving them alone.  The rain had stopped but a fine mist still hung in the air.  She could feel it dampen her skin. 
“This it is,” Anna said.  “I’m not going to miss you when this is over.”
“Nor I you,” he returned
Vitori pushed her in front of him.  He kept one hand on her back as they walked towards the front.  Anna wanted to swipe his hand from her, and start running.  Maybe, she thought, she could disappear into the darkness.
“Don’t think about,” he said.  “I feel your muscles tensing.  If you try, I’ll put you down.  I’m a decent shot.  Remember that.”
“I’m not going anywhere,” she said.
They arrived at a set of glass doors. One of them was propped open by a stone.  She glided inside and Vitori followed.  It was dark.  The lobby was cast in various shades of grey and sat eerily still.  Nothing moved.  Vitori kicked up dust from the floor and Anna coughed as she breathed it in.  
He turned in a circle, squinting into the shadowed hallways and opened doors.  As an older man, his vision was probably on its way out and the lack of light only served to put him on edge.  He stepped closer to her and grabbed her arm, pulling her in.  He finally brought out his gun and stuck it into her back.  “Let’s hope nothing scares me,” he said.
Anna ignored the comment. “Down the middle and to the right,” she said leading them in the direction.  They crept down the hallway, never going faster than an old man’s walk.  At the end of the first corridor, they made a wide turn.  A faint light shone from inside a doorway, a hundred paces further down. The cone of light spilling into the hallway was a stark contrast to the rest of the building. 
 “You first my dear,” Vitori urged her forward.  At the end, the hall split off both to the right and left before the threshold.  She could see into the room but there was no sign of Rock.  When they arrived at the juncture, Vitori tightened his grip.  He took a long look in either direction.  She knew he couldn’t see any further than she could and if somebody was hiding, they would never know.
“Rock!”  He yelled from outside the room.  “I have Anna.”
Suddenly, Rock appeared before them, twenty feet away, standing perfectly erect.  He watched them for a moment.  “Come in,” he finally said.  “We’ll make the exchange in here.”
Vitori pushed Anna into the office.  As they came into the light, she felt him raise the gun to rest securely against her head.
Chapter 48
Florida, August 2012




“I said no weapons,” Rock scolded Vitori Delega.  The old man held a small caliber handgun to Anna’s temple.  She looked remarkably calm for the situation.  
“Do you want to leave,” he answered back.
Rock wanted to say yes.  Michael had not shown up like he was supposed to and instead Rock had forced a government agent into a closet at gunpoint.  Things weren’t exactly going to plan.  Without Michael Cooper’s support, this was going to have to play out a little differently.  The original arrangement had been to make the exchange while Michael dealt with Delega, then leave.  At that point, it would be out of their hands.
“No, I’ll stay.  If you need a gun as assurance then keep it.  But if we stick to the arrangement, you’ll have no need of it.”  He locked eyes with Anna.  He held her gaze for a moment and in that brief time knew he couldn’t leave without her.
“Then how’s this going to work?”
“I thought that you’d let Anna walk over and I’d hand over the flash disks and pages. Simple.  But you hold the gun, so you hold the cards.  You tell me.”
“Show me the copies,” he said.  
Rock nodded.  He casually walked into the cubicle behind him and picked up three flash drives and the wooden box with the hidden pages.  He came back around the wall and held it out for Vitori Delega to see.  “Here they are.”
“I need to verify them,” he said.  “Those disks could be blank for all I know.  I had a computer in my bag but your girl wouldn’t let me bring it.  She said you’d have a way to verify.  So?”
“There’s a laptop on the desk to your left, you can look at everything on there.  I yanked out its network card so don’t try to connect to anything.”  Rock kept his casual pace over to the computer.  He didn’t want to use sudden movements and spook the man any more than what he already appeared to be.   Vitori Delega didn’t hold the confidence he had shown the night before.  Tonight, he was alone.
Rock slid one of the drives into the port.  Delega inched over, still holding Anna close.  Rock smiled when she came within arms reach.  “It’s ok,” he said softly.  She didn’t return the smile.  She wore a frown and squinted her eyes.  He could tell she was pissed off.
Rock clicked on the folder and opened one of the files.  Delega bent down to start reading Wallace’s notes and looking at the pictures.  Rock opened two more, let Delega read, and then slammed the cover.  “That’s enough,” he said.  “Let her go.”
Vitori reeled back in surprise.  “I wasn’t done.”
“That’s all you get, until she’s allowed to go.”
“Fine!”  Delega pushed Anna into Rock.  He caught her in his arms and steadied her.  When he looked up, Delega had the pistol aimed between his eyes.
“What are you doing?  You have your copies,” Rock’s hands were far from his gun and Anna was pushed up against him, he couldn’t reach it unless he moved her.  There was no way he could get to it before Delega fired.
“I saw the handle peeking out of your pants Rock.  You also brought a weapon.  Were you going to kill me as I packed up my things, pull the weapon and take everything.  Is that why you wanted me to come alone?  Not smart.  I’ve seen right through you.”
“I didn’t have a plan,” Rock replied.  “Take your things and go, we just want to be left alone.”
“I don’t think so.  You know too much.”
Just then, the closet door from the other side of the room opened.  Agent Sieb stepped into the light.  Vitori whirled at the sound and pointed his gun to the new threat.  Rock took the opportunity and withdrew his own weapon and pointed it at Vitori.  The old man saw the movement and pointed his weapon back at Anna just as Rock’s came to full extension.  
“Don’t move,” he yelled, “ or I’ll shoot her.  His arm shook in angst.
“Back off, Delega, put the gun down,” Rock answered back.
“What the fuck is Sieb doing here,” Vitori said, glancing to the side to see how far the man had come.  He was within ten yards of them.  “Stop fucking moving Sieb or I’ll kill the girl and shoot you next.”
“If you fire I do too Delega,” Rock said.
Vitori’s breaths were coming in large gasps.  “What the fuck is Sieb doing here Rock?”
“I don’t know. I didn’t invite him.”
“You do know who he is, he’s got this place fucking surrounded by now.”
“He came alone,” Rock said.  “There’s nobody with him.”
“Yeah fucking right,” Vitori said.
“It’s true,” Sieb entered the conversation.  He paused his walk and held his hands up.  “I just want to talk.”
“I told you Sieb I’ll shoot you if you come out,” Rock said.
“You sounded as though you could use a little help,” he replied.  Unfortunately, he was right.  Rock had been only moments away from Delega pulling the trigger.  He had saved them, for now.
“What do you want Sieb,” Delega sneered. “You used my son and now’s he’s probably dead.”
“You drove him away, but Seth isn’t why we’re here.  I want the copies, just like you.”
“If you get your way, the US will take over all safe areas on the earth.  That’s not how we are supposed to move forward.”
“How do you know, I believe it to be precisely the best way.  No more wars, or infighting, only progress.  And if we work together, I’m prepared to let you and your people a high place when everything settles.  Very high.”
“That’s not my purpose in all this.”
“Isn’t it?  When you give all the locations out to those countries that own the land, where will you go?”
“We will choose a place to be.  A neutral location.”
“No such thing.  You’ll first choose a place to save yourself.  And there’s no shame in that.  But if we do this my way, I can guarantee that you’ll have a prime location.  You have my word.  Let’s work together.”
Vitori glanced to Sieb.  “No. Our agendas have nothing in common.”
“Delega,” Rock brought his attention back to them.  “Let’s put our guns down together, then we’ll both just walk backwards.”
“What about him,” Vitori said.
“Ok, if you’re worried about Sieb, then lets both point our weapons at him and back away slowly with what we came for.  Everyone gets out alive.”
“Or nobody,” a new voice interrupted from the doorway.  A click of an armed weapon sounded from the portal and then another one behind Rock.  “You’re all in a very bad position.”  Rock glanced to the doorway and a large man filled the frame with one gun pointing at Agent Sieb and one at the back of Vitori Delega’s head.  “Rock, I presume,” he address him, catching his eye.  “There’s a man behind you aiming directly at your head, I’m sure you can tell by looking at old fart Delega that I’m telling you the truth.  Now lower the gun.”  
Rock knew he was caught.  Michael had betrayed him.  This was a set-up the whole time to get all of them together.  The keepers of the rose now had him and Anna and Delega and Agent Sieb.  It was a trap planned to perfection.  He lowered his gun.  In front of him, Vitori Delega did the same.
“You must be Elias,” Rock said.  He straightened as Anna hid behind him.  “Where’s Michael?”
“Michael said he was talking with you.  We are also aware of his dealings with you Anders.  Funny isn’t it, you’re all alone, no back up or anybody on the radio coming to help.  I didn’t expect that.”
Agent Sieb didn’t respond to the taunt.
“Where is he so I can tell him what a fucking backstabbing asshole he is before I die,” Rock said.
“I don’t think you’re going to get that chance.  Michael Cooper is dead.”  
Rock looked away from Elias, confused.  “How?  You wouldn’t kill the man that set this whole thing up for you.”
“Yes I would.  He always held it against me that I kept his brother as a hostage.  Don’t know why but I could tell.  He wanted to kill me.”
“Good, he deserved to die, he killed Nate and Wallace,” Anna said unexpectedly.
“I believe you have that wrong, Ms. Riley,” Elias smiled.  “That pleasure was mine.”  Anna’s teeth clenched and Rock saw her ball up a fist.  He grabbed her arm and squeezed.  “For all the good it did me, he didn’t know too much. But enough chit chat, all of you over there.” He motioned towards the right, into an open area near the closet Sieb had been held in.  The four of them shuffled over.
From the door another man came in, pushing Sayla in front of him.  He threw her into the grouping.  “Ahh the little bitch is found,” Elias said.  “I’ve been looking for you,” he smiled at her.  Sayla spit at him.
Elias turned his attention to his new man,” go back to the perimeter and make sure nobody else is here.”  The man left, running into the dark hallway.
“Get it over with Elias,” Vitori said.
“I’m the type to savor my victories,” he replied.  “Now where is everything?  I’ve heard there are copies, and new pages and all kinds of good stuff.”
“On the table,” Rock said.  “Behind you.”  
Elias turned around and walked to the table while one of his men kept a weapon pointed at the group.  He opened the laptop and started skimming through the documents.  Rock thought this could be their chance.  If he could get the five of them to charge the man, some of them might be able to overtake him.  The only problem was the weapon he held was an automatic.  He could take them all out in one pull.  He watched Elias thumb through the new pages, and then look back at the computer.  “Is this everything,” he said without looking up.
Nobody responded.
“I said is this everything,” he said in a more urgent tone.  
“What if I said no,” Rock answered, trying to find some way of gaining a slight bit of leverage.
Elias unhooked the flash drives and threw them on the ground.  He put his foot over them and then put his weight down.  The electronics crunched underneath his boot and when he lifted it, there was nothing but little plastic and metal bits.  Rock heard Vitori sigh next to him.  Elias straightened up and started walking back over.  “Then I’d say you’re all in for a very long night.  Because I need every copy you ever made before I’ll be satisfied.”
“Then you’ll kill us,” Rock stepped forward in a threatening manner.  The man with the gun pointed it at Rock’s chest.  Elias smiled.  
“Confrontational for a man with a gun pointed at him and nothing to exchange.”
“Well, at this point I have nothing to lose either.”  Rock took another step forward.  Elias didn’t move.  Rock launched forward and pushed the man in the chest with both arms, sending Elias backwards to the door.  Before he could swing to the gunman, he felt a foot in his gut and glimpsed the weapon flying towards his face.  The butt of the gun struck him in the chin and sent him reeling from his feet.  He crumpled to the ground, falling on his side.  When he opened his eyes he felt dizzy but managed to get his feet under him and stand back up.  He could feel the bruise starting to form on the left side of his face.  In the distance Elias was resting against the doorframe, smiling.  The gunman was a few feet back from his original position, with the gun trained on them once again.
“That was it. Your best shot.  Pathetic Rock.  I was expecting more.  It seems, due to all the stories, I overestimated you.”
Then, suddenly, from the space behind Elias, a shape came shooting from the darkness and delivered a crushing blow to the left side of the man’s head.  Then a gunshot flared through the room and Elias’s man fell to the ground with a bullet split between his eyes.  
Rock watched in disbelief as Michael Cooper stood over Elias, kicking him repeatedly as the larger man covered up.  He was supposed to be dead. 
Quickly, Sieb burst from behind Rock and ran for the gun that had fallen to the ground but stopped as Michael placed another round between him and the weapon.  “Back in line Sieb,” he said.  
Elias took the opportunity to look up and take in what had happened.  His eyes grew large at the sight of Michael.  “Now that we got the randoms out of the way Elias, maybe its time to talk.”   Michael allowed him to gain his feet but kept a few paces back.  “I don’t make the same mistake twice.  One more step and I shoot you, that’s it.”
“Good to see you Michael,” he said. “You seem to be a hard man to kill. “
“Everyone is until they die,” he replied.  “And you can wipe that smile off your face, I already killed your back-up, all four guys.” Michael winked.  Elias lost the smile.
“I suppose you want me to release your brother but if you recall, I had him killed.”
“I remember you giving the order to kill him to the same guys you gave the order to kill me.  Those men never completed either.  So my guess is he’s still fine and you’re going to make that call right now.”
“I won’t.”
“You will. You see, I figured out a short while ago that the only way I am getting Malcolm back is to put a gun to your head and have you release him.  And if you don’t, I will kill you, but you know that.”
“You’ll kill me anyway,” Elias said.  “You’ve wanted to from the moment you met me.”
“True enough, but I’m telling you now, if my brother goes free, I won’t shoot you.”
Rock watched this unfold, trying to piece everything together.  Michael had betrayed him but also betrayed Elias, all for Malcolm.  He truly didn’t give a shit about anybody else.
“What about my men,” Sieb interrupted.  “My men were supposed to get Malcolm out.  What happened to them?”
“Your men are at the location I sent them to.  You played your part perfectly.  Your men were never meant to rescue Malcolm.  They never would have succeeded.  I know the keepers protocols.  As soon as there would be any disturbance Malcolm would have been killed.  Your men, Sieb, were to save me.”
“You knew,” Elias said.
“Of course.  You’re transparent Elias, I know everything about you.  Now make the call.”  Elias didn’t move.  “Make the call,” Michael pushed harder.”  When Elias made no effort Michael aimed low and shot him in the hand.  
The sound reverberated in the room and Elias started whimpering, holding up his hand missing the tops of three fingers.  Blood poured from the stumps.  Michael looked over to Sieb. “Give him your shirt,” Sieb immediately took off his shirt and threw it to Elias.  He quickly wrapped his hand.
“You fucking bastard,” he grimaced in pain.
“You make the call now, or I’ll make sure to shatter your knee caps next.”
Elias slowly took out his phone and started dialing.  “You let me go after this.  You said you would.”
“If I get my brother, I won’t kill you,” Michael said for the second time.
Elias held the phone to his ear.  “Yes.  Let him go.  No.  Just let him go, I don’t need him any longer.  Yes.”  He hung up.  “There, he’s being let out.”
Michael smiled. “Now we’ll hang here for a few minutes while my brother gets a safe distance away and calls me.”
“Can I ask you something,” Rock said.
“Yeah Rock go ahead.”
“Was anything you told me true, or did you use me like everyone else.”
“You’re going to get Anna back safely and you’ll get to decide where to go from there.  Also Sayla is going to be safe and Benji is in the trunk of my car out front, alive.  Does it matter how we got here, I told you the truth in what you were going to receive.”
“Can we go then, right now?”
“No, not yet.”
Rock didn’t like that answer.  If they didn’t have any part left to play and Michael truly was going to let them out safely, what would be the difference.  
“Why not,” Anna said.
“And what about me,” Sieb involved himself.  
“What about you,” Michael returned.
“What do I get?”
“I brought you here, this is where everything is happening.  I involved you.  That’s up to you. You get nothing else from me.  We’re even.”
“At least kill the little bitch,” Elias said.  Anna moved in front of Sayla in a protective gesture.
“I don’t need to,” Michael said, “She picked a side when things got heated.  I can’t blame her for that.”
“She betrayed you and the whole organization.  The penalty is death.”
“I believed that once, until those rules somehow got twisted to be used against me.”
“She deserves it.”
“As much as I did?” 
Rock was still trying to figure out how this was going to end.  The atmosphere had gone from electric to calm once Michael entered the room.  Nobody knew where they stood.  They were each trying to figure it out.
“You know if you kill me it changes nothing,” Elias grinned.
“Why is that,” Anna replied.  “I’d be fine if he killed you.”
“Because we still have the rose and the copies are destroyed.  There is nothing any of you can do.  In a few months you’ll be powerless to stop anything.  The organization will continue on without me, less controlled and more violent, though.”
“Nobody is more violent or heartless than you,” Anna continued to attack him.  She seemed more interested in Elias’s death than her own predicament.  
“What are you doing,” Rock whispered to her.
“Trying to keep the focus on Elias.  I don’t want anybody thinking about us and what we’ve done.”  Rock could understand that.  He realized each person in the room was deciding how to play their hand.  Anna’s was to keep the focus on Elias.  Delega, Sieb and Sayla had chosen the silent route.  Elias the antagonist, waiting for his time to strike.  Rock saw that in his eyes.  As for himself, Rock wasn’t sure how to manage Michael.  He was still trying to grasp his sudden change of fate.
Michael’s phone buzzed.  He answered.
“This is Michael,” he smiled.  “It’s good to hear your voice.  I’m fine.  You know where to go.  Yup, go rest, I’ll see you shortly.  You’re clear and safe, right.  Good.”  He put the phone back in his pocket.
“That was Malcolm.  He’s safe.”
“I told you,” Elias said.  Now follow through on your part.”
“Not yet,” Michael backed towards the doorway.  “Sieb, Delega, next to Elias.  Now.”
Vitori and Agent Sieb took small steps towards Elias and eventually came to a standing position next to him.  That left Rock, Anna and Sayla together, huddled on the other side.
Michael looked Rock in the eye.  Then he tossed him one of his guns.  Rock caught it, surprised by the move.  Then Michael reached towards his back and took out another weapon, this one he tossed to Anna.
“Why,” she asked.
“One more thing,” he said.  He took a step back and reached to the side of the door.  He lifted up a big blue duffel bag.  He tossed it over to Sayla.  “That, I was going to have a little trouble with until you let me know where it was Elias.  By the way, Dr. Redman says hi.”
Sayla opened the bag and Rock saw that the rose was tucked safely within.  “It’s the book,” Anna said. “Again, why?”
“You piece of shit Michael!  I’m gonna kill you, I’ll rip you’re skin off one inch at a time if I find you.  I should have never let you out of the room when I had you that first day.”  Elias’s face was red, his anger flared uncontrollably.  
“Shut up Elias.  The rose isn’t out of reach yet.  It’s with Rock.  And now he has a choice.  The three of you represent three options, or he can do whatever the fuck he wants with it.  All you have to do is convince him.  Instead of threatening, you must persuade.  And in this, he has the last say.  This decision can’t wait any longer.  It needs to be made today, whatever that decision may be.  I think he’s the man to make it and I think we’re in pretty good hands.  So I’ve now given each of you a chance, talk to him and convince him and the rose could be yours.”
“I know whose it isn’t,” Anna said.  She brought her gun up and stepped towards Elias.  He shied away.
“What are you doing?  Didn’t you hear?  I have a chance to tell my side.”
“Anna,” Rock called, “don’t do it.”
She didn’t listen to him.  She walked right up to Elias and from two feet away, pulled the trigger.  The gun fired and she jerked backwards with the force.  Elias caught the bullet in the middle of his chest and fell backwards.  He writhed on the ground.  Anna retained her balance and walked a couple steps.  She stood over him.  “This is for Nate and Wallace,” she pulled the trigger three more times until he stopped moving.
“Good for you,” Michael said to her and then, “good luck Rock,” he smiled a crooked smile and disappeared down the hallway.  They heard his footsteps echo until they faded completely away.
Rock swallowed, wetting his throat.  It had gone dry when Anna pulled the trigger.  Now, she stood next to him and he put his arm around her shoulder. “Are you ok?”
“I’m much better,” she said.  “Let’s hear them out and make a decision.”
“What I know is that Vitori wants to give each country their place and Sieb wants the US to control everything in private.  Those are the choices.”
“There’s more to it than that,” Vitori said, “let me tell you.”
“What you said about what I want isn’t entirely true either,” Sieb said.  “There’s more to it and it could easily be changed to accommodate what you need.”
Rock looked at the two men, worn out from the change of events.  Their faces were the color of ash and their eyes were spread wide open.  They looked like desperate men.
“Sayla,” Rock looked down at her.  “What do you think?”
“I think I’m going to go get Benji out of the trunk.  This isn’t my decision.”
“Go on,” Rock told her.  She went out the door.
“How about you, what do you think,” he asked, looking down at Anna.
She took his hand in hers and squeezed it reassuringly.  “I think you’re going through the motions,” she said.  “I know you Rock Tilton.  You’ve already made a decision.”
 






THE END
Thanks to:

Laura 
Mom
Dad
Darren
Derek

Your support was greatly appreciated.


