High

By Andrew Osmond

Electronic Version © 2011, Andrew Osmond

Minnow Press/Smashwords Edition

ISBN 978 1 907507 18 2
Licence Notes

This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only.  This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people.  If you would like to share this book with another person please purchase an additional copy for each recipient.  If you’re reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to Smashwords.com and purchase your own copy.  Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.
Prologue

The events of 9/11* were to cause a fundamental, philosophical division between the followers of the Church of the Higher We.  On one side there were the members that believed that the use of aeroplanes as instruments of terror and destruction only further proved that vehicle’s merit to be worshipped; they argued that, although the destruction of the twin towers of the World Trade Center was perhaps the most graphic example of an aircraft being used as an actual weapon, it was by no means the first occasion when that particular means of conveyance had been used against Man - indeed, since the beginning of the twentieth century the skies had become the new arena of modern warfare: battles were no longer won on the ground, but instead in the air; it was only necessary to consider perhaps the single most catastrophic action of man against man - the bombings of Nagasaki and Hiroshima at the end of the Second World War - to see that the agent by which the nuclear devices were delivered was the transcendent aeroplane.  The opposing argument countered that the Church had always differentiated between aeroplanes designed specifically for warfare and those large passenger jets that plied a regular, commercial route across our planet’s lower stratosphere, with the latter vehicle being the exclusive object of veneration, and that to witness the way in which such a ‘plane could be used to such destructive ends was comparable to the Christian God in his heaven suddenly making an appearance and smiting the earth with a large stick.  The Pro-Destructionists - as they became known - response to all this was to argue that there had always been aircraft accidents - they pointed to Tenerife in 1977; Mount Osutaka in 1985 - they went further still in their attempts to reunite the disparate factions, when these previous examples were dismissed as being the Higher We equivalent of ‘natural disasters’ - one Anti-D. spokesman memorably comparing the Orango Bay runway crash as being beautiful like a volcanic eruption - by reminding the doubters that there had been plenty of past occasions of terrorism in the skies, none of which had previously troubled their religious sensibilities - the Laila Khalid hijacking was recalled, as was Entebbe, so too Lockerbie.  It was all to no avail: the Anti-Destructionists could not be persuaded; followers left in their droves.  Some Anti-Destructionists talked of establishing a new church: the Church of the Flying We briefly flourished while memories of the September 11th atrocity were still fresh in people’s minds, but it was never a serious rival to its long standing forebear and ultimately membership dwindled and the breakaway church was disbanded.  For other Anti-Destructionists the loss of their faith was too much to bear; there was a rush of suicides.  The most glorious and symbolic death for any advocate of the Higher We had always been considered to be whilst in mid-air, on board the object of reverence, actually immersed in one’s faith, but very few disciples had been fortunate enough to end their days in this fashion and those that had, had become Higher We icons, sanctified in the same way as Christian martyrs before them.  Mrs Ethel Bernstein was the first Higher We saint: a founder member of the Church, Ethel had died of a heart attack on one of the early Comet flights in 1953; always a nervous passenger, her ultimate sacrifice is still remembered today by older Church members who raise their right hand across their heart during the pre-flight safety procedures as a mark of respect to the Church’s earliest martyr.  A similar ritual is observed by some younger believers, who always make a point of leaving a small portion of their in-flight meal as an offering to Marcus Braithwaite, who died tragically on a Pan Am flight from London to Boston in 1984 as a result of a massive allergic reaction to the peanuts served alongside his complimentary drink.  The spate of attempted mid-air suicides were not all successful: non-Higher We passengers proved not to be sympathetic to the self-destructive inclination of disenchanted Church members - it was discovered that most people don’t like to dwell upon the subject of death when they are cruising at 33,000 feet.  One suicide in particular was to have a profound effect on the future way in which all existing Church members were to be tolerated by the wider community: how Lars Mortenson ever qualified to become a pilot will perhaps always remain shrouded in mystery; normally Higher We members were wheedled out during the rigorous training and selection process - excessive blind faith of any persuasion is never a particularly attractive quality in a pilot; a belief that the reason that your aeroplane stays aloft is in any way ‘magical’ is actively discouraged.  The cabin’s onboard black box flight recorder committed Lars’s final announcement to his passengers to the pages of history, and the Church of the Higher We was to obtain for itself another saint - and a big problem.  Where in the past Church members had been largely invisible to the wider flying public, overnight they were viewed with deep suspicion and, in some cases, active persecution: there were incidences of disciples performing their pre-flight take-off rituals in airport lounges being attacked; several of the larger airlines enforced a total ban on Higher We followers; even a case of one ‘plane being halted on a runway halfway through its take-off procedures because a passengers’ vigilante collective had suspicions - wrongly as it turned out - as to the religious convictions of one of their fellow travellers and were refusing to assume their seated take-off positions unless the heretic was removed from the craft.  It was a difficult period for the Church of the Higher We.  All the more surprising then that this should be the very moment that Martin Meek chose to turn his back on his predominately Protestant upbringing and took his vows of allegiance to the four-engined God of the skies.
Part One: This Way To Heaven

Chapter One

Garnet G. Wendelson was born on the 1st May 1931, the very same day that the Empire State Building was officially opened in his home city of New York.  At the precise moment that President Herbert Hoover pressed the switch in Washington, D.C. which turned on the lights of the colossal new structure in its rival city, Lucille Wendelson was being delivered of her only son and child at the exclusive Carlisle Infirmary on 29th Street, a mere four blocks distant from the site of the epic inauguration.  As fate would have it, though, she would never set foot inside the marble, Art Deco lobby of the new structure; would never ride one of the lifts to the 86th floor observatory, nor ever admire the sight of the streets of her great city from the 102nd floor viewing platform: Lucille Wendelson died of a major internal haemorrhage on 3rd May 1931, never having left hospital, and leaving behind her newly born son as her sole heir and beneficiary, and an estate valued at a conservative estimate of 35 million dollars.
Lucille’s husband, Garnet’s father - there was never any doubt about that - had died three months earlier, as a result of a freak accident at one of his own sugar refining factories: the substance that had chiefly been responsible for the family’s wealth now indirectly becoming the agent for the new-born baby’s poverty of parental affection.  The young Garnet’s over-riding impression of his father was based on a painting of the entrepreneurial man which hung above the fireplace in the family’s Park Avenue apartment: barrel-chested, his white Safari shirt hanging half open exposing a proud torso, bronzed and muscular; a large handle-bar moustache and bright, blue eyes, set wide apart, separated by a broad, uneven nose, crooked like a prize-fighter’s; standing in a pose of unashamed pugnacious superiority, one leg slightly raised, resting on a log, in imitation of a big game hunter proudly exhibiting his mastery over his kill, his gaze defiant, staring out from the canvas, mocking all critics, confident of rebuffing all challengers.  That his father had been - what was described at the time as - an ‘outside’ type - if any further proof than the portrait was required - Garnet had later ascertained from reading his private journals and public press releases.  That he had also been a cruel man and a megalomaniac, Garnet had only discovered from reading between the lines, and from conversation with his only surviving relative, his aunt Patricia.
Garnet had not been fortunate to inherit any of his father’s physical attributes: the word most commonly associated with describing his childhood was ‘sickly’, although a succession of nannies would have probably have been able to come up with several more colourful adjectives: in a sensationalist tabloid feature about the Wendelson fortune, published in the early 1950s, when Garnet was then a young man, one of his very earliest nursemaids, the redoubtable Miss Emily Larchester, was persuaded to divulge - no doubt for an accommodating sum of money - that she had considered the orphaned infant ‘unloved, unlovely and unlovable’, adding that her predecessor had ‘only managed to stick the kid because the pay was good, but that a Larchester was above being bought’.  History would reveal - if any payslips or similar documentation of her term of employment were still in existence - that Emily Larchester’s residence in the Park Avenue abode was to last a mere six weeks.  Garnet Wendelson could not recall her at all, although this did not in any way deter him from attempting to sue both her and the newspaper which printed the article, for what he considered at the time ‘slanderous comments’.  It was not to be the only slander that was associated with his name during the early years of that same decade.
During the night of 24th June 1950, 135,000 troops of the North Korean People’s Army crossed the 38th parallel and a full-scale invasion of the neighbouring Republic of Korea was underway.  The ill-equipped soldiers of the ROK were no match for the Soviet-made tanks and artillery of the NKPA and within four days the Communists captured Seoul; within a month the only territory still under South Korean control was a small region in the southeast of the peninsula surrounding the city of Pusan.  The Korean War had begun.  At the same time in New York, Garnet G. Wendelson was falling out of a window of his family home; the pavement of Park Avenue red with Wendelson blood.  Draft dodging is an ugly phrase, but this did not prevent the Press from habitually including it in the large number of articles that appeared shortly after this incident, which both speculated about the nature of the accident and reported upon the slow recovery of the heir of the molasses millions, the slur tagged on to the end of the Wendelson name as though it were a graduation qualification to be proud of.  Perhaps it is the curse of success that everyone wants an opportunity to shoot you down, and, during the previous two decades, it had to be said that the Wendelson empire had been nothing if not successful, and this despite - or perhaps because of - a largely absentee landlord.  The young Garnet had never indicated any intention of showing the same hands-on enthusiasm towards the family business as his father had done before him, but thanks to the loyal service and guidance of an experienced general manager the firm had been able to ride the potential hazards of the Depression years, followed swiftly by the Second World War, with nothing more serious to show in the company books by the intervention of these major historical events than a rise in profits and a widening customer base: everyone wanted something sweet in a time of crisis to take away the bitter taste of reality.
It was while he was in hospital that speculation as to the meaning of Garnet’s middle initial was raised.  The question had been first brought up by an overly pedantic junior doctor, anxious to be seen to be correctly filling in the forms which were increasingly becoming the main activity of his profession, as though the way to medical recovery could be best attained through the employment of an efficient filing system rather than by the old-fashioned ideas of examination, diagnosis and treatment.  Unconscious and unable to aid the adroit administrator, it would have come as a surprise to everyone - perhaps the patient most of all - to discover that Garnet would not have been able to clear up the mystery even if he had been capable of the powers of speech or description.  His middle ‘G’ had followed Garnet around like a loyal but boring friend: he was content to tolerate its presence but was not prepared to waste a moment of time showing any interest towards it.  The letter had appeared on his birth certificate, at the insistence of his mother or some other personage unknown, he knew not which, but it had never been elaborated upon and he had never felt the eligibility to expand upon the matter himself: a name was for giving not for choosing.  There had been no clues in his family tree: his father was Jacob, as was his father before him, and on his mother’s side there were no names beginning with the letter ‘G’, unless you included one Gunthilda Aldberg, a distant cousin dating from the seventeenth century, and he could not believe that his mother had wished to maintain her memory for posterity.  After a sleepless night, and for the sake of completeness, the doctor eventually returned his form with his patient registered as Garnet George Wendelson - George being the name of his own grandfather.  On regaining consciousness Garnet retained the name: it was as good as any other.
He was confined to a wheelchair - and would be for the rest of his adult life was the medical prognosis - two shattered vertebrae had left him paralysed from the waist downwards.  A more optimistic man might have riled against the diagnosis, might have battled his way back to fitness, would have been found every day in physiotherapy attempting to strengthen his damaged limbs, would have tried to keep exercising in the hope that one day he would walk again: Garnet accepted the doctor’s statement passively and the following day an advertisement appeared in the New York Times looking for a live-in helper willing to push his chair.
Chapter Two

The shadow of the building stretched over 8th Avenue to the west of the island, and further past Columbus and Amsterdam, the thin finger of lingering obscurity reaching out across the Hudson River and the higher seventies piers to the suburbs beyond, as the sun rose slowly in the east.  For twenty years now it had been the predominant feature on the New York skyline: it had become the symbol of the city, perhaps even of the American Dream - a functional building, not designed like its Chrysler rival for the sake of superficial appearance, the architect’s brief for the Empire State Building was entrepreneurial: the maximum amount of rentable office space in the minimum square footage of realty ground space.  Ornamentation on the building had been kept to a relative minimum; what was important was profitability, not aesthetic sensitivity.  That is not to say that the new building was a monstrosity, far from it, perhaps only history would be able to truly judge both its artistic and economic merits.  Garnet George Wendelson was not greatly interested in either arts or economics, he just liked the view from the top floor terrace.  Every weekday morning - except Fridays - he would instruct his helper to wheel him the short distance along the wide tree-lined boulevard of Park Avenue to the Waldorf-Astoria Hotel and the corner of 50th Street, and from there he would turn right, crossing Madison, before turning left beside St Patrick’s Cathedral onto Fifth Avenue, the pure white structure like a constant moral reprimand to its grosser capitalist-orientated neighbours.  Sometimes he would request a halt beneath the striped awnings of Saks so that he could scrutinise the latest window displays; more often than not though, he would be swiftly whisked, uninterrupted, past the grand old department store, onward, past the monumental, towering Rockefeller Center, pointedly never giving that structure the merest glance - there had been some bad blood between his father and John D. in the distant past, the details of which were not known to Garnet but which he felt honour bound to continue to recognise in his own obscure fashion: in the same way that oil and water do not mix, neither, apparently, do oil and molasses.  From there it was a relatively short journey along Fifth Avenue, past the offices of The New Yorker at the junction of W. 42nd Street and the two majestic lion statues which guard the entrance to the New York Public Library to the building which was the object of his quest, and which filled the whole city block between 34th and 33rd Street, generally entering the portal of the towering monolith at precisely ten o’clock.  This rigid adherence to routine was not due to any great predilection for punctuality on Garnet’s own part - to him it mattered not a jot whether he took in the New York high airs at daybreak, or at sunset, or at any time in between - but it was a successful way of measuring the efficiency of his particular carer par jour: to manage to wake, clothe, perform a toilet upon, and prepare a breakfast for the irascible invalid and still have him making an appointment at a set time - and one so early on in the course of the day at that - was a skill consistently achievable by only a few very talented - and very patient - individuals.
The view from the top of the building was awesome, though.  There was no doubting that.  On top of the world - it was the city-dweller’s equivalent of looking down from a high mountain.  The Empire State Building: it was the people’s Everest.  For Garnet, his daily visit to the urban summit was the equivalent of a regular trip to a Swiss sanatorium; like the young, impressionable Hans Castorp visiting his own Magic Mountain, so were the thoughts and feelings of the young Garnet shaped by the quiet, introspective times he spent looking down upon the streets of his own home city.  It is not a luxury of the Gods alone to be able to reflect upon high.
Of the most popular vistas, it was perhaps the view to the northeast and the Chrysler Building which rejoiced in the most plaudits; people were quick to praise its decor of outlandish gargoyles, jutting out like oversized car hood ornaments, and its spectacular spire of silver sunbursts and triangular windows.  Garnet, though, preferred the view to the south: not the far distance with the many blue glimpses of the Hudson River, the Statue of Liberty standing alone in the harbour, and the Brooklyn Bridge, but the view almost directly below, where the Flatiron Building stands as a reminder to the era when the desire to dominate the skies all began.  In its day, it would have overshadowed all the other buildings around it, its twenty storeys making it the tallest construction in Manhattan in 1902, now though, it was a curiosity, almost a joke; the shorter brother that its towering neighbours could look down upon patronisingly.  Garnet, though, felt a sense of empathy with the Flatiron’s halcyon days: the building, like his own family, gave an impression of having a far more vaunted past than any glorious future.
Power.  It was a sensation that had sat easily with the Wendelsons for generations: in work, in the community, in society.  For the youngest member of the clan, though, the only time that Garnet came close to genuinely experiencing what it must feel like to exercise total power was when he felt the breeze on his face at the summit of the tallest structure made by man, and gazed out above all the millions of little lives being enacted below him.  But it was not just power that he felt, there was something else.  Freedom.  Despite his limited interaction with the family business, there could be no doubt that he could still exert power there if he so chose, it would be power without respect, but it would be power nevertheless.  His wealth bought him power too, the kind of power that comes with being able to control others’ lives, even to the point of whether they are able to put food in their mouths the next day, but that was power without fun: in the same way that there is no real enjoyment in slowly manipulating the pawns in a game of chess, the excitement coming from the bold, large moves and sweeping stratagems, a knight diagonally traversing the length of the board or an avenue opening up in front of a rook to allow it free reign, so it was with people.  His relationship with his carer - Garnet preferred that word to nursemaid, besides which many of his attendants had been male - was a case in point.  Although Garnet exercised financial control over whichever individual currently held the uninvidious position, and felt that as part of the agreement between employer and employee part of what he was paying for was the luxury to indulge himself in a degree of ‘difficult behaviour’ at the expense of either his carer’s physical or mental well-being, it was a habitual activity, a minor cruelty which actually gave him no pleasure.  Power and liberty.  That was it.  That was what his interludes looking down upon the world offered him.  A mouth-watering combination.  Influence without responsibility.  Perfection for a lazy dictator.  It might be a daydream - after all here, of all places, was one of the few situations where he actually had no more power than any of his fellow gawpers: his money could not buy him a better vantage point; could not buy him exclusivity - but a daydream was preferential to his usual waking nightmares and dark, melancholic thoughts.  Time for introspection offers many paths, the lucky few may find genuine enlightenment, but the majority only discover a maze of ill-lit tunnels and dead-ends; a labyrinthine depression from which only those with the foresight of Theseus can hope to escape.
Some people dream about flying, not in aeroplanes or by using other artificial means of propulsion, but totally free and unfettered, like a bird.  Arms, presumably, stretched wide, soaring upwards, spiralling ever higher, looking down upon an ever increasingly diminishing land.  Experts - so-called - would say that such dreams revealed a suppressed desire to be free: from work, perhaps from a bad relationship, from responsibility.  Garnet had never had such a dream.  True, he wanted to be free, not just from his wheelchair, but from his upbringing and from the weight of expectation that accompanied it, but, despite certain pretensions in that direction, he was largely an unimaginative man and not one subject to idle unconscious thoughts, more generally requiring a physical actuality to stimulate his mental processes.  He liked symbols.  The Statue of Liberty was a perfect example.  The monumental figure standing at the entrance of New York Harbour depicts Liberty freeing herself of her shackles and holding aloft a flaming beacon to illuminate the world.  It was a clear, unequivocal symbol, requiring very little brain power to translate the message of the straightforward lines of white stone to the mental idea of the American Dream.
On top of the world.  It was a good feeling.

••••••••••

Previously a sound sleeper, since his accident Garnet had found the realm of Somnus a difficult territory into which to gain access: nights, which should have provided him with a brief escape from his disability, instead only served to mock him by their protracted length; his legs which were now useless for supporting his weight - the muscles wasted and inactive - nevertheless were alive with shooting pains, from which only the oblivion of slumber could provide even the most temporary respite.  His personal physician pronounced this a positive sign - “where there is feeling there is hope - everything is achievable” - meanwhile, across town, the stenographer at the New York Times was preparing himself to take down the particulars for the latest Position Vacant advertisement from the Wendelson account.
It was halfway through one typically troubled summer night that Garnet awoke from a short sleep, his hair wet and matted, the pillow dark from the sweat from his forehead, the bed clothes flung back as though a powerful storm had rushed through his chamber, his mind still reeling from the intensity of his dream, the substance of which he was fleetingly able to retain - and recount - before the ephemeral thoughts were lost to him.  Garnet’s night-time nursemaid at that time - Miss Heather Sinclair - recalls the incident in her 1980 self-published autobiography Bedpans Over Broadway.  She had only been a young woman at the time, just a year or two junior to the invalid himself, and Garnet, despite his habitual cantankerousness, must have felt some point of connection between himself and his young nurse, because if her account is to be believed, he was unusually - almost uniquely - loquacious.  The incident, recalled in her own words - and style, and with her own unsubstantiated allusions - is reproduced in its entirety below.

I heard a cry from the young gentleman’s bedroom, nothing unusual this, I was generally called upon to look in on him several times each night, either to administer his tablets, or sometimes to make sure that his pillows were comfortable or his sheets still intact.  Sometimes I think he was just lonely, waking up scared and alone, and unable to attend to himself; sometimes it made me just want to cry when I think of the despair that he suffered; if it would not have been considered unprofessional I often imagined taking him in my arms and embracing him, but he was not someone who welcomed physical contact or the intimacy of a shared confidence.  The eternal orphan, I wonder if he ever knew what it was to be loved, or to love.  On this particular occasion, I discovered Mr. Wendelson in a state of great excitement: immediately, he called for a pen and some paper so that he could write down the details of a dream that he had just experienced, something that had affected him very greatly indeed, judging by the uncharacteristically wild expression upon his face, and the feverish anxiety with which he conveyed his request.  I tried to feel his brow and take his temperature assuming that he was in the grip of some delusionary fever, but he pushed my hand away and bade me sit next to him and listen, while he tried to make sense of his own nocturnal vision: I think that he was conscious even then what an important moment this was for him and that unless he assembled his dreams into rational thought there and then, the one chance he had to give his life some meaning might be lost forever to a world of half-remembered ideas and ambitions.  Having failed to provide the necessary writing implements for his purposes as swiftly as his impatient condition demanded, instead I was required to be an audience for his unfolding narrative; making me a conduit between his dreamlike stream of consciousness outpouring and the hard reality of fact and certainty; a reservoir from which he would later draw clarification as to small details of his dream that had since slipped his own mind.  I feel greatly honoured that perhaps in some small way I may have contributed to Mr. Wendelson’s current epic undertaking.  Not wishing to betray a confidence by relaying a verbatim account of that evening’s conversation, nor wishing to further bore an already patient reader with a full report of a monologue which lasted the best part of an hour in the telling, the substance of his words were that he had seen himself walking in the skies, free and unfettered like a simple bird; not flying, not floating, not even wheeling himself in his chair, but walking, in the clouds, as effortlessly as you or I might walk along the road to our corner shop.  I asked him how this was possible, but he halted my words with an upturned palm: he had the answer, and he was about to tell me.  He would build a structure, a tall structure; the tallest structure: the pathway to his own personal heaven would not be achieved through good deeds and saintly acts, but by pure material construction: I recall his very words were “by throwing money at the problem”.  He went on to repeat, what he described at the time were the words of advice he had received from his doctor, although I felt, even then, that he had twisted that poor medic’s words around, or if not his actual words certainly that respected man's sentiments: “Everything is achievable”.

History could be forgiven for thinking that Garnet did not give his dream a second thought for the next two decades, certainly there were no outward indications to reveal that he still fostered ambitions to create the world’s tallest building, either by public word or action from the man himself, or by the physical presence of any plans or foundations that might have suggested the initial stages of a colossal new structure.  The actuality couldn’t be further from the truth, not a day had passed by without Garnet having given his project some considerable period of thought.  Twenty years is a long time in anyone’s life: for a young man - with a massive, largely unenjoyable fortune - confined to a wheelchair, it is an eternity.  Ariel, trapped in a tree by Sycorax’s magic, was only a prisoner for twelve years before Prospero released the spirit: for Garnet there was no such simple hope for an end to his own confinement.  Despite his withered limbs, Garnet’s prison was not so much his physical injuries but the mental inhibitions which prevented him from fully expressing himself in his words or deeds.  Garnet wore social constraint like a straightjacket; felt the weight of his family history like Atlas’s burden on his back.  The imagined words of criticism from his dead father rang ever loud in his ears.  He was a failure - not in terms of the business, which still continued to flourish, not even in a social sense, where the Wendelson name still managed to occupy a considerable column-width in every society magazine and newspaper gossip column, but in his father’s eyes he had failed simply as a man, as someone that his father would have been able to respect and feel proud of, as someone that he would have taken to the ball game, shared a joke with, drunk a beer with.  Every day Garnet met the gaze of the portrait above the fireplace and knew what it was to feel despised from beyond the grave.  And every day Garnet’s resolve grew stronger: one day, he would show him.
Chapter Three

Some description is required both of the changes in Garnet’s physical appearance from the year of his birth to the year 1979 - the time when he became a modestly recognisable face, not just among the New York society scene, but on the TV screens of the world at large - and also of the apartment which was his sole dwelling place for those 48 years.
Pasty is an adjective rarely applied to a soft, malleable dough or a cement-like mixture of flour and water, something to which it would be most succinctly descriptive, but it was a common phrase when used in association with thoughts of the young Garnet’s complexion.  Where his father would have been described as ruddy-faced, his cheeks pinpricked with red maculae from a lifetime’s exposure to the fierce, equatorial sun; the perpetual erubescence of his expression a physical manifestation of the hot blood and emotion that pumped so passionately in his veins, his son’s colouring was a reflection of the subdued walls of his private chambers and of the clouded New York winter sky and the sidewalks kept in eternal shadow by the towering office blocks and massive skyscrapers rising high above them.  Garnet had fine, blonde hair - a throwback to the distant Germanic Aldbergs perhaps? - clear, pale blue eyes, and a narrow, long straight nose, the flawless geometry of which was undisturbed by a lack of any juvenile pugilism.  Critics might have said that his eyes were a little bit too wide set, or that his lips were a fraction too narrow, for the ensemble of the whole countenance to be entirely aesthetically pleasing; certainly there was something about the Wendelson Jnr. visage which was not altogether a joy to behold, but it was difficult to dissemble whether this was as a result of a knowledge - and therefore more often than not dislike - of the man himself, or whether from a purely subjective analysis of his individual facial features.  One wit, writing for a short-lived satirical magazine of the mid 1950s, described the experience of coming face-to-face with Garnet Wendelson as being similar to that of regarding a Picasso canvas: “...your eyes move rapidly across the surface, not knowing quite where to stop, or indeed, whether the whole isn’t improved by the constant unfocussed agitation.”  His aunt Patricia would refer to him as being effete, back in the days when this would have been considered a compliment amongst a certain social group who considered physical frailty and a weak constitution a sign of someone unable - and more importantly, in no need of - earning a living from the skill of their hands and the sweat of their brow.  In his youth, Garnet’s favourite book was A Rebours by Joris-Karl Huysmans: an early French edition published in the 1890s a strangely out-of-place title in the family library, sitting alongside real-life accounts of lurid fin de siecle scandals and adventurous tales of big game hunters, reading more favoured by his father.  This ‘breviary of Decadence’, though, he took greatly to heart, treating the flowery prose and the descriptions of the exotic lifestyle and appearance of Duc Jean Floressas des Esseintes as a style guide for his teenage years.  It is easy to see the parallels that Garnet must have drawn between his own upbringing and circumstances and those of the young man who inherited the Chateau de Lourps: both were orphaned at an early age, both suffered from a propensity towards ill-health; even the physical attributes of the young Duc, Garnet could have believed to have been a description of the reflection he encountered staring back at him from his own mirror each morning: he even briefly experimented with a thin beard of the kind described as goatee, knowing that this facial adornment was the one preferred by des Esseintes, but the results were unsatisfactory, the hair on his face growing too fair and too patchy to adequately be shaped into the style he sought.
After his accident, Garnet, if anything, devoted even more time to the particulars of his physical appearance.  He had always been a vain man, perhaps overly conscious of the way in which he was perceived by the world, and this possibly no fault of his own, since from an age when most other children were only too happy to vanish within the anonymity provided by zero responsibility and nondescript school uniforms, the media spotlight had been firmly focussed on the little boy who had inherited so much wealth.  One journalist recalled to a colleague the occasion of the two hours that he had been forced to wait in the Wendelson lounge, while upstairs Garnet selected a suitable outfit to wear for the interview: as he remarked at the time, “it wasn’t even as though I had a cameraman with me”.
His hair had always been a source of irritation and rancour with him, and provided him with a constant reminder that not all things in life can be controlled by fiscal clout alone.  Possibly this was not a sensation unique to Garnet: the battle between the direction that your hair wishes to lay and the direction that you would choose for yourself seem to be eternally waged by both sexes and on all continents; from such deep rooted - ho, ho - conflict does the source of most barber shop small talk stem.  Garnet’s own routine as regards his weekly visit to Gino’s - one of the few remaining, genuinely old-fashioned, barber’s shops - at the corner of Broadway and 23rd Street was a ritual set in stone.  Friday, 11 a.m., wash and trim, shave and manicure.  Gino would be waiting at the door of his establishment, ready to greet “the young Mr. Wendelson”; he would take over the responsibility of wheeling his customer’s chair over the red and white checkerboard tile flooring, past the row of reclining leather seats and white porcelain wash basins to the cleared space at the very rear of the salon - not a noun that Gino himself would ever have used to describe his premises - and would park his client in front of a full length, ornate, gilt-edged mirror, from where the disabled man could watch every minute detail of the subsequent transformation of his appearance.  Not that the change could ever be described as dramatic: Gino seemed to share - if not to actually feel more keenly - Garnet’s despair at the tenacity of his locks’ refusal to be shaped and styled in any lasting fashion; the fine, blonde hair a continual affront to his professional abilities.  Garnet would generally sit in silence while Gino would tut and groan, observing his customer’s well known head from one side and then the other, occasionally lifting up some lifeless golden straws from the foppish fringe, before letting the hair drift slowly back again, the flyaway filaments almost defying gravity; the delicate strands quite happy to be seduced by the merest hint of static.  Sometimes Gino would throw himself into a frenzy of activity, snipping and clipping, the small metal scissors in his hand snapping at the air like an angry crocodile; the big barber flitting around Garnet’s chair like a bumble bee in his striped apron, up on his tiptoes one moment, and then back and around, snipping, snipping, snipping.  But, it was always to no avail: no amount of dextrous coiffure wizardry can replace hair where there is none, or transform gossamer threads into dense thatch.  Of Garnet’s eyebrows there was scarcely a trace, such was the pallor of his hair: this peculiarity of his facial features alone had once been cited as evidence by a manager - subsequently sacked - at one of the Wendelson refineries, as to why he thought that his boss was untrustworthy.  It also led to Garnet’s abrupt exit from a meeting of the recently founded Young Presidents’ Organisation in 1951, when he paranoiacly - and mistakenly - thought that his appearance was becoming the subject of gossip of the huddled groups of young C.E.O.s.
As he grew older, Garnet’s hair became even thinner.  Gino once whispered the dreaded word ‘wig’ only to find his premises were boycotted by his noted customer for the next two weeks.  The subject was never mentioned again.
At school, Garnet had been a conscientious pupil, particularly excelling at math.  A place at a prestigious university had been a certainty - Yale had already offered him an unconditional place - before his accident curtailed any opportunities for purely academic improvement.  Instead, Garnet diverted his mathematical talents to a more lucrative application, daily studying the financial pages of the reputable newspapers closely, and speculating - in most cases very successfully - in high risk, high interest, foreign investments, of which, at the time, there was no shortage.  The Venezuelan cable stocks paid high dividends, as did his foresight to speculate on the discovery of oil reserves off the west coast of Africa.
Not that he had ever been short of money - far from it - but the embarrassment of riches provided by his new investments allowed Garnet to further indulge himself in a favourite pastime, that of establishing himself as, what is generally described, a patron of the arts.  Not quite a Gertrude Stein for spotting new talent, Garnet instead made acquaintance with the then manager of the Chelsea Hotel - the city’s undisputed bedding place for the world’s literati - who endeavoured, in his turn, to keep Garnet updated concerning news of the rising and falling fortunes of his distinguished guests, and to attempt to keep one step ahead of the market - and the media - by predicting who was going to be ‘hot’ and who was ‘not’.  The Chelsea had played home to Tennessee Williams, Thomas Wolfe and Mark Twain; its bar had been supported by Dylan Thomas and Brendan Behan; William Burroughs had completed Naked Lunch while in residence, and Jack Kerouac had written the first draft of On The Road during his time as a guest.  Andy Warhol made the film Chelsea Girls as a homage to the place; Jim Dine, Claes Oldenburg, and Larry Rivers made the Chelsea their home; and it was Jimi Hendrix’s bolt-hole whenever he was in town.  To Garnet’s chagrin, though, none of these celebrities deigned to cross Seventh Avenue with the intention of stepping over the Wendelson threshold: instead, into Garnet’s aspiring social circle, fluttering like moths around the flame of promised sponsorship, hovered the Belgian mime artist Arnold Metz, the beat poet Saffron Davies, and the lavishly bespectacled painter Monotone, who claimed to be ‘something big’ on the fringes of the pop art movement, and there the ill-assorted trio stayed, like fish past their sell by date, for the better and worst part of the next two decades.
It was during this time that Garnet first met Marcel Chin, at a dinner party at the house of a mutual acquaintance.  It was 1973, and as the tide of popular opinion in New York was becoming increasingly critical of the government’s continued involvement in the Vietnam War, Chin’s Laotian nationality singled him out as being something of a guest ‘outrageaux’ among the social tables of the dissenting bourgeoisie.  Chin had arrived in New York six years earlier, penniless and unknown, but, with the resourceful guile of the refugee, had quickly managed to secure for himself work as a runner for the respected practice of architects, Wills & Bowery.  It was a placement that was to determine the future course of his life.  Ambitious and artistic, Chin was not content to remain the mere messenger for very long, at the same time, though, he recognised that success was not casually dished out on a plate for nothing in his newly adopted land of opportunity, but was nevertheless an achievable goal at the end of a long tunnel of hard work: this promise in itself was a better prospect than he could have hoped to have had back in his homeland, hard work there being purely an accepted daily norm, not a means to a better end.  Chin was still a very young man at this time - not yet out of his teenage years - and his small frame and high voice, made him appear even younger than he actually was: William Wills was approaching retirement age, and the drive and ideas which had been the mainstay of his company during the duration of his successful career were beginning to falter, increasingly he found his thoughts meandering over time’s past, rather than focussing on future projects; sentimentality was irrevocably replacing originality.  In Chin, though, Wills appeared to see one final project which was worthy of encouragement.  Realistically, he could not have imagined the oriental youth would ever be the future of his company, there was no question of grooming a successor - indeed, at the time Chin had only the most rudimentary knowledge of the English language, let alone any other skills requisite to running a large organisation - but he must had seen in the young immigrant a determination and ambition which reminded him of his own youth: it is an old, familiar story, but nevertheless the enduring appeal and predictable cycle of fables are not there without good reason.  Wills was impressed with Chin’s determination and vitality: both old and young man would remain at the company offices long into the evening, the one methodically explaining every aspect of his craft, imparting all that he knew, the other soaking up the information like a sponge.  Together they poured over drawing boards, reviewed past assignments, even, occasionally, roamed the Manhattan streets by night, so that the one could show the other the finished product of past labours.  At the end of eighteen months Chin knew more about the running of an architectural practice than any student, fresh out of college, with a solid six year degree course behind them.  His language skills had improved too, during this time, as had his living arrangements.  When he had first arrived in the country he had been obliged to share a room with three others, in an overcrowded tenement block just south of Canal Street: by the end of his apprenticeship with William Wills he had moved out of Chinatown altogether and was renting an apartment for himself above an Italian deli close to Time Square - it could not be called ‘having arrived’ exactly, but for the young native of Laos it was ‘a promising start’.
When William Wills died, Chin was both surprised and delighted to discover that the old man, in his will, had left him a small bursary for the purpose of continuing his education, and had also stipulated that a position be made available in the company when he qualified as an architect.  It was a faith in his abilities that Chin was to repay - in part.  Bored by the seemingly pedestrian speed that his formal schooling now took, previously having been spoilt enjoying the lavish attentions of a one-to-one tutor, Chin was to drop out of his course after just one month, but, such was the force of his personality, the charismatic youth was taken on by Wills & Bowery as a design consultant.  The position was offered with the intention of being something of a dead-end in terms of Chin’s career: a way of respecting old Mr. Wills’ dying wishes whilst being an exercise in damage limitation at the same time, by not allowing the inexperienced oriental too much opportunity for hands-on practice when it came to actual buildings.  In all eventuality, it was a job made in heaven for the imaginative Marcel.  He was given an office to himself and allowed free reign to come up with increasingly outlandish architectural designs, totally uninhibited by any restrictions such as client’s briefs, health and safety requirements, or economics of any kind.  Bizarrely, under such circumstances, Chin’s reputation grew.  His design for a revamp of the New York metro system won him a commendation in a highly respected national competition, and this despite the fact that he had taken no account of ventilation in any of his plans, instead offering the proposal of a high speed train which would reduce journey times to such a degree that there would be no need for more than one lungful of breath between stops.  Needless to say, the scheme was never acted upon, but Chin quickly discovered that an architect need not be judged purely by the quantity of the buildings he can point to at any one time and claim to be his own.  
In the space of less than five years since he had arrived in the city, Chin had achieved for himself the reputation of being New York’s brightest  architect never actually to have built anything.
Chapter Four

The twin towers of the World Trade Center were constructed in 1973 and designed by the diminutive architect Minoru Yamasaki and backed by the entrepreneurial financiers Emery Roth and Sons, and managed to wrestle from the Empire State Building the accolade of world’s tallest building, something that the Art Deco monolith had proudly held for the previous forty-two years.
In 1974, the celebrated French trapeze artist Philippe Petit walked on a tightrope stretched between the two towers.  After his subsequent arrest he said, “If I see three oranges, I have to juggle; if I see two towers, I have to walk”.  During the duration of his incarceration Garnet made approaches to meet with the daring Frenchman, but his attempts at communication were met with a negative response from the N.Y.P.D..  Money could buy him a ticket to most gigs but the downtown custody cells were not open for purchase at any price.
Strangely, Garnet felt a compulsion to try to contact Petit once again a week after the destruction of the Twin Towers in 2001, only to discover that he was now artist-in-residence at the Cathedral of St. John the Divine, in Morningside Heights, at the north end of Columbus Avenue, not so many blocks distant from his own Park Avenue apartment, only to be thwarted once again, as the popular artist was out of the country at the time.  That did not deter the Press from tracking him down, though, when the demand for sound-bites from anyone that had previously been associated with the two massive structures was at its greatest.  Bizarrely, the massive, as yet unfinished Cathedral was to suffer its own personal tragedy in late-2001, when a fire spread from the gift shop to destroy tapestries on the building’s north wall, although when measured against the events of two months earlier it seemed like a fairly insignificant set-back.
Garnet only visited the World Trade Center on one solitary occasion: the Rockefeller name was once again indelibly linked with the twin structures - the towers were even nicknamed David and Nelson after the two Rockefeller brothers - and memories of the old feud between his own family and the oil magnates prevented Garnet from expressing any interest in their new construction.  The compulsion to experience the view from the summit, just once, was eventually too great for Garnet, though.  His carer at the time - Richard Whitford - now resident at the Hampton Center for Retired Nurses and Care Workers, overlooking Chesapeake Bay, recalled the incident with surprising lucidity and good humour.

I would have been in my early-thirties at the time, actually fairly old for a personal carer, and I had been in Mr. Wendelson’s service for almost a year, that too something of a record, I believe.  Mr. Metz* had arrived very early that morning, as I recall, obviously as the result of a pre-arrangement with Mr. Wendelson.  Poor Mr. Metz.  I do not think that he would have turned up at all, if he had known in advance what the master had planned for that day.  The Windows on the World restaurant could have only been open a matter of a couple of weeks at the time - it was 1976 - and was the highest place to enjoy a repast in the whole world at the time, based, as it was, on the 107th floor of One World Trade Center.  I remember the morning well because Mr. Wendelson insisted that we walk the whole distance between his apartment and the Twin Towers, practically all the way to the Battery*.  It must have been at least fifty blocks before we cut on to Bowery and I lost count of the number of streets we passed.  It took the whole morning; Metz walking in his peculiar, loose-limbed fashion, me pushing Mr. Wendelson’s wheelchair, and Mr. Wendelson himself dozing on and off, waking only occasionally to consult his wristwatch and to chart our progress.  I began to wonder if he expected me to carry him bodily up the 107 storeys of the tower: if the elevators had chanced to be out of action that day, I would not have put it past him to make such a suggestion.  As it happened, though, it was Metz, and not myself, who was to be the victim of the master’s particular sense of humour that day.  I often wondered later, why Mr. Metz had ever chosen to settle in New York, it did not seem like a suitable choice of city for him, London, say, would have been far more suitable, Paris even, perhaps Berlin before they started all the recent building work.  He was a sensitive man, often unable to articulate his distress, usually instead forced to resort to the medium of mime to convey his emotions.  I did not know the scientific name for all of his phobias at the time, but I have looked them up since, and I understand that they are - in alphabetical order – acrophobia*, anablepophobia* and batophobia* with a dash of commonplace vertigo thrown in for good measure.  To give him credit, he tried his best to confront his fears, although I think at first he did not realise Mr. Wendelson’s intention, and by the time he was in the elevator, well, frankly, it was too late.  I would like to think, not wishing to believe ill of my employer, that Mr. Wendelson may have had in mind the idea that he could cure his companion’s phobias by forcing him to face them head-on, but having previous, and subsequent experience of his innate cruelty, I cannot help but believe that the outcome of that day’s excursion was the result he had secretly hoped for.  Our table was booked for 1.00 p.m.: one of the finest in the whole restaurant, affording a panoramic vista northwards.  The view was magnificent.  It was the first time in my life that I remembered thinking how insignificant the Empire States Building looked: there it was, in mid-Manhattan, but rather than dominating its surroundings, it was merely rubbing shoulders with a group of burgeoning siblings, each looking as though it were prepared to challenge the old man’s authority.  The Chrysler, as always, looked spectacular, but so too did all the rest, viewed together as a great ensemble piece through the floor-to-ceiling glass windows: the Rockefeller Center, the American International Building, the old Woolworth Building, each rising like black, isolated, solitary teeth from a great rotting gum.  Mr. Wendelson was in his element.  He demanded that his chair be wheeled as close to the glass as it was possible to go, so that he could look directly down at the busy streets of the Financial District, swarming with cars and people, far below.  Mr. Metz, it was becoming clear, was not so ecstatic.  His increasing anxiety took the form of progressively more graphic mimes; initially metaphorical ones - I recall he simulated swimming in the ocean, then feigned surprise, then panic as though he were unable to swim, imitated shouting for help, and then finally mimed sinking beneath the waves, his hands clasped together in a final slithery, aquatic prayer.  When these displays were ignored by Mr. Wendelson, who, instead, proceeded to order his first course, and a particularly fine bottle of wine, as I recall, Metz’s performance became more and more dramatic, until he was physically throwing himself around the dining area, clasping at his neck as though he were unable to breathe, and mimicking - very accurately in my opinion - all the stages of a man experiencing a severe fit or seizure, much to the alarm and consternation of neighbouring diners.  Only Mr. Wendelson remained unmoved.  He held up his hand, imperiously, claiming that it was all an elaborate act, and that it was better to ignore and not encourage such an exhibitionist artist.  Finally, it was the maitre d’hotel who was forced to intervene and demand Mr. Metz’s removal from the premises.  Mr. Wendelson’s only response, as I remember, was a request to see the dessert menu.
Chapter Five

At the moment in time that Garnet was making his initial bid for elevated glory, the tallest building in the world was the Sears Tower in Chicago, whilst the accolade of tallest structure was held by the CN Tower in Toronto.  The distinction is possibly only of interest to those interested in the interpretation and observation of the rules regarding the world’s tallest construction.  The term building is generally interpreted to refer to an inhabited structure, be it residential or workplace, and the recorded height is often taken at the level of the uppermost storey to which it is possible to gain access; additional masts, aerials, flag poles or purely decorative skyward-ascending frippery do not add any kudos in the tallest building stakes.  A tower, on the other hand, is a totally different ball game: generally serving no other function than the necessity to be high - in ancient times as a symbol of spirituality, in modern times more often as a means of connecting the world’s media with the largest population of people - every inch of height, no matter how it is gained, is worthy of measurement and record.  Certainly, the distinction was not something that concerned Garnet - he had no truck with such minor details as a debate over building versus tower - his structure would be the tallest in all categories, irrespective of the rules of measurement and the definition of terms.
It was a cold February morning in 1980 that Garnet, in company with his current carer - the name now lost to history - plus the poet Saffron Davies and the artist Monotone, broke from their usual Monday routine and instead decided to pay a visit to the Guggenheim Museum.  The break from routine was sufficiently of note, that Davies felt compelled to record the incident in - what she loosely described as - verse, and it is to her that we are grateful for the following account of that morning’s trip, which throws some light on Garnet’s state of mind, at a point in time when his dreams were finally beginning to be realised.  The poem, from her ‘wallpaper’ period, reproduced here in its original form, without punctuation, and with its stylised idiosyncrasies included, is entitled ‘guggenheim’.  In the generation since its original publication, literary critics have unanimously dismissed this particular piece as possessing no poetic merit whatsoever, but students of architecture have generally acknowledged that it reveals a sound basis of accuracy as regards the details of the construction of the unique building, although whether credit for this information should be attributed to the poet, to Mr. Wendelson, or to a textbook, is debatable.  The endnotes are by Dr. David Rigg, and we are grateful to the executors of Ms. Davies’ estate for allowing permission to use this material.

guggenheim
saffron davies, 1980*

inside the nautilus shell* we slide
down down down
round round
round the diminishing helix
and into dark corners of a mind
that is not wrong*
when it creates a temple
for a new generation of pilgrims
devoted to nature
and not the machine
even if this usonian* ziggurat
reminds me of a ramp
at the car lot

four legs* prevent two wheels*
from headlong pursuit
as we descend in ever increasing pace
bored of the endless rows of captioned attempts
of man to describe his own futility
and give meaning to a life by self expression at the same time
only managing to capture the very pointlessness of his existence
all this is said as we spiral lower sucked into the vortex relentlessly
caught up by this concrete whirlpools dreadful pull allowing us no escape but down
into the black circling epicentre us all dreaming of being spat out and daylight

one relief to this descent into depression is two wheels description of a journey to the heavens
which saves us from corkscrewing into oblivion by making us dream of the skyward progression
of his own monumental high flying ambition surely equivalent to wrights visionary planning
of the illinois building* and its colossal ascension which returns man to his rightful intention
of a headlong collision course with his own redemption

••••••••••

The portrait of Jacob Wendelson Jnr. was one of the few paintings that survived the decorative purges of the Park Avenue apartment, during Garnet’s so-called ‘benevolence years’.  Despite the general apathy of the Chelsea Hotel fraternity to relocate themselves bodily to the more affluent surroundings offered by Garnet in Midtown, the same people, nevertheless, showed no similar reluctance for any of their ‘works’ to be so transported, particularly when it was widely known that the collector in question was not averse to paying considerably over the market prices for his speculative acquisitions.  If the perception at the Chelsea was that Garnet Wendelson was a rich fool, with more money than artistic appreciation, the same could not be said at the Lexington branch of the Chase Manhattan Bank, where the rapidly increasing figure on the bottom of the Wendelson balance sheet always guaranteed, for the wheelchair bound investor, a warm, and personal reception to the inner sanctum of Mr. Dirk Rawson, Group Manager, Upper East Side.  It was the same smiling sycophant who was among the first people to be apprised of Garnet’s forthcoming ‘big plans’.
The Sears Tower had cost $150 million, when it had been completed, six years earlier.  The price of real estate in Manhattan was at an even greater premium than that in Chicago, and Garnet was under no illusions that the cost of realising his vision could quite possibly exceed $250 million, making it one of the most expensive building project of its day, almost comparable in size and ambition to the Hoover Dam, constructed some twenty five years earlier, or other great building achievements such as the Interstate Highway, or even the Panama Canal.  Garnet had spent almost three decades planning his superstructure, he was not going to allow a little thing, like money, to stand in the way of his dream.  Mr. Rawson was not so belligerent.  His perception of his own job was something akin to being a brake on a car: where others might wish to accelerate into debt, he owed them the duty of patiently, and steadily, slowing them down.  He reminded Garnet that the Empire State Building had taken almost twenty years to show a profit; that the World Trade Center was still not fully tenanted.  He warned that the day of the skyscraper was at an end: it was a different world now; he had seen the future, and ecology and environment would be the modern buzzwords; profits would have to be realised with an eco-friendly veneer; tall buildings were too ostentatious; green was where it would be at.  Garnet listened patiently until Rawson’s speech had ended, and then repeated his request for a loan of $100 million, repayable over 25 years.
To say that Garnet had been planning his own design for the world’s tallest building for thirty years, perhaps gives a slightly inaccurate impression: the sketches for his very first skyscraper, committed to paper shortly after his dream of walking in the skies all those many years earlier, reveal a very different structure to the one he now outlined to the increasingly agitated Rawson.  Garnet requested a pen and paper, right there, in the bank manager’s office and, with a skill honed over decades, rapidly began to give form to his vision of a massive new office block, to be situated alongside the waterfront by the newly reclaimed Battery Park City, the design of which would broadly resemble that of the recently constructed Transamerica Pyramid in San Francisco.
By the time Garnet left Dirk Rawson’s office, he had an agreement in his pocket, and a smile on his face.  His carer, Joan Thompson, even recalls that he gave her permission to take the remainder of the day off: “it was altogether unnerving,” she said.
Later that evening, alone in his apartment, Garnet once again positioned himself in front of the portrait of his dead father; viewing the painting, as he had to do, from the enforced position of cowering subserviency in his wheelchair, forever infantilised by his diminished stature, never able to confront his father on a level, eye to eye, man to man.  The clear, blue eyes of the portrait were undiminished with age, and the tanned face showed no additional lines than it had done when Garnet had first examined it, more than forty years before; there was not even a double chin, not even when viewed from this most unflattering of angles, to reveal the passing of the decades: Jacob Wendelson, it would appear, was equally adept at cheating time, as he had been at cheating his friends and family.  It was only death that had cheated him.  Garnet ran his fingers back through his own thin hair - currently heavily greased; one of Gino’s latest experiments - and decided that time had not treated him so kindly, although, then again, perhaps it was not time that was his real enemy.  After all, here he was, older now than his father had been at his own death, perhaps finally standing on the verge of an achievement to outshine all previous in a long line of Wendelson success stories.  He still had the bank manager’s agreement in his top pocket.  He removed the document and laid it on top of the checked blanket he had lying over his lap.  It had taken time, but perhaps that was exactly what he had in his favour.  It would be time that would ultimately judge him, not a portrait on the wall, not a father long dead in his grave.
Garnet studied the picture once more, minutely this time, trying to take in every detail, attempting to consign to memory every painterly characteristic, assessing, accurately, its precise dimensions.  He would have Thompson remove it tomorrow, he decided.  He had a new Roy Lichtenstein which should fit very nicely in its place.
Chapter Six

The initial procedures for starting construction on the newest tallest building in the world are much the same as they would be for the erection of a simple garden shed, or for the extension of a modest square footage on the rear of one’s kitchen: a form is filled in, a permission is sought, and a small announcement is published in the local press, and maintained in the offices of the planning department of the immediate governing authority, for public scrutiny and comment by anyone who should chance upon the news.
For Garnet there was a minor additional complication, in as much as the plot of land that he sought for his project was several fathoms underwater, submerged beneath the Hudson River.  It had been a similar situation with the construction of the Twin Towers, but then it had been the actual excavation of the plot to build the two massive structures which had resulted in the creation of more than twenty acres of new land in lower Manhattan.  The World Trade Center had influenced Garnet’s choice of location for another reason, too: the two towers had been much maligned, both by the architectural press and by the public on the street, for the monumental dullness of their design.  The aluminium coated boxes had not been taken to New Yorkers’ hearts in the same way that the grand old lady of the city - the Empire State Building - had been.  Nevertheless, purely as a result of their colossal size, and also their advantageous position - close to the waterfront, well away from the increasingly overcrowded skies above central Manhattan - the Twin Towers were becoming an icon of the city as a whole, instantly recognisable, and symbolising the spirit of aspirational eighties New York in the same way that the Statue of Liberty had done for new arrivals and dreamers almost a century beforehand.  If two boring, regular boxes could invoke such powerful feelings, what a statement could be made by a truly innovative architectural design, located in a similar position, but built yet higher still, forever to cast its rivals in the shadows.
It is perhaps the very definition of an aspirational society to be forever seeking, ever pushing forward the boundaries, resolutely moving ahead, progressing.  The reverse side of the same coin is that of a society which is never content, never happy with what they have currently got, always dissatisfied, condemned to be an eternal failure because there is always something else to achieve, the ultimate goal forever just unobtainable and out of reach.  So it is in the race to build the world’s tallest building: at the precise moment you are drawing up the plans which appear to guarantee your own construction’s place in the record books, when your own building looks set to stand on top of the pedestal, news will come in of another structure, perhaps on the other side of the world, which is set to attain those precious few extra inches which consign yesterday’s hero to tomorrow’s also ran.  Perhaps the most outrageous example of such brinksmanship was in the case of the Chrysler Building, whose architect was William van Alen.  Originally announced at an intended height of 925 feet, the Chrysler would have been the then tallest building in the world, but, before construction was completed, it looked as though it was destined never to hold such an accolade, when the Bank of Manhattan outlined plans for its own new, downtown building, standing a mere two feet higher than the Chrysler’s proposed height.  Construction of the two colossal buildings progressed side-by-side, brick-for-brick, with the Bank of Manhattan completing first and grabbing its place in the record books.  Van Alen, though, had a surprise up his sleeve - or rather down his shaft - when a matter of just weeks after the Bank of Manhattan building was finished, from the fire shaft of his own building, he hoisted up, in one completed, twenty-seven ton piece, the exquisite Art Deco spire, which, forever since, has come to symbolise a halcyon, almost innocent age of skyscraper construction and which, when added to the top of his now completed structure, meant the Chrysler Building’s completed height of 1046 feet, not only towered far, and beautifully, above its upstart neighbour, but also outstripped the height of the Eiffel Tower, which had stood, unchallenged, as the tallest structure in the world since 1889.  It was in this climate of competition that Garnet paid his first visit to the lawyer Leyton Drisdale.
The next two years were a time of great turmoil for Garnet Wendelson.  How many times, during this period, did he imagine the scenario of sailing into New York Harbour aboard the luxurious surroundings of the QE2, catching a first homecoming glimpse of his native city from his position on the uppermost deck, his wheelchair parked alongside the guard rail, seeing his visionary structure rising above the endless horizon, the first indication that the motherland was close at hand, and then watching as the great ship, guided by the new beacon’s pull, gradually approached closer, until the familiar skyline dissembled into all its separate elements, of which the Wendelson Building would remain the most distinctive and recognisable piece of all.  There would be a crowd of onlookers at the quayside to cheer his safe arrival home, eager to witness his first reaction to seeing the finished product of all his years of planning, and there would be a tear in his eye as he gazed upwards, ever upwards, the summit of his great undertaking momentarily lost in the blur of the sunlight beyond, and realised that he, alone, had attempted to surmount the heavens, and had succeeded.
Alas, it was another dream never to be realised, largely due to the intervention of a humble local fisherman, a small environmental organisation called The Friends of THRUSH (The Hudson River Unique Subaquatic Habitat) and a small edible crustacean, Palaemonetes vulgaris majus, the Greater Orange Grass Shrimp.
Garnet had envisaged the Wendelson Building - he was still not absolutely decided on the name, but this was how the new structure was recorded in the books of the Downtown planning office - being built in less than a year.  The Empire State Building still held the record for the swiftness of its build compared to the number of floors of its elevation, the simplicity of its steel and limestone design having made it a relatively straightforward engineering endeavour.  Garnet had decided to adopt a similar building technique, proposed to employ a larger workforce, and reasoned that fifty years on, technological advancements in manufacturing and equipment should ensure a more rapid skywards advance.  He was never to discover if his reasoning was sound or not.  His building application was blocked before the first drainage equipment and excavators had been moved onto the site.
The Orange Grass Shrimp, sometimes called ‘hardbacks’ or ‘popcorn shrimp’, are among the most common estuarine inhabitants along the eastern seaboard of the United States.  Transparent, except for the distinctive orange pigmentation in their eyestalks, they do not usually make for great eating, rarely growing longer than two inches in length and, with their heads making up the greater part of this length, having little edible flesh for discerning diners.  Nevertheless, for New York fisherman Thomas Derry, they provided a useful supplement to a typically meagre income.  It was Derry’s name that appeared on the official letter that Garnet received from the Port Authority of New York and New Jersey, informing the would-be builder, that a complaint had been lodged against his proposal to drain a stretch of the Hudson River and that, until a thorough investigation into the matter had been completed, no advancement of his project could be countenanced.  At this stage, Garnet was annoyed but not perturbed: he had little doubt that an exchange of money at some level, be it with the highest officer at the Port Authority or with the obstructive fisherman himself, would elicit the requisite about-turn that was clearly required.  As far as Derry was concerned, indeed, Garnet’s assessment of the situation was not far from the truth.  It had taken a great deal of courage for the mild-mannered piscator to even enter the door of the austere, council building, let alone fill in the plethora of forms that gave voice to his alleged grievance: a fat cheque would have proved perfectly adequate compensation for this necessary show of bravery.  The Friends of THRUSH, though, could not be bought so easily.  The plight of Derry had come to their attention by way of a tiny news item, buried away in the local section, in the New York Times.  The mention of shrimp, in a section of the river that traditionally would not have been considered a favoured habitat of that innocuous invertebrate, had got them intrigued.  Their interest was heightened further still, when initial investigations suggested that the Battery Park City shrimp appeared to be a totally new species, unquestionably of the grass shrimp genus, but the captured specimens proving to be far larger than the accepted norm, the unique subaquatic inhabitants bizarrely thriving in the busy, polluted coastal waters, beneath the eternal shadows cast by the Twin Towers.  The new crustacean was unusual enough to warrant a half-page article in Nature; the ensuing battle to save the shrimp’s environment from alleged evil developers, made the front page of all the major nationals.  Even then Garnet might still have had the final word, had not the Port Authority thrown in their legal weight behind the environmentalists.
Garnet always maintained that it was a case of envy over progress: the Port Authority were the largest tenants of the World Trade Center and had a vested interest in maintaining their own building as the superlative structure on the waterfront.  Whether their reasons for supporting the shrimp lobby were commercial self-interest or purely philanthropic, the Port Authority’s intervention ensured that the Wendelson Building would not be constructed on its proposed site without a lengthy round of lawyers’ correspondence, and in fact, ultimately resulted in a protracted court case, which Garnet, at great financial cost, was to lose.  At a time when the Harvard Business School were still preaching profits before ethics, and a generation of bright young things were leaving college destined to earn mega-bucks on a stock exchange which seemed impervious to a fall, when Wall Street was synonymous with power, and greed was the primary economic driving force, Garnet, to his horror and disgust, had become one of the first financial victims to the rising star of environmentalism.  Across town, if he been there to witness Dirk Rawson’s expression as he read that morning’s newspapers and the full report of the Wendelson verdict, Garnet would have noted a small smile of self-congratulation playing around the bank manager’s face, as he read, with satisfaction how his prophecy had come true.
For once, money was not enough.  The mighty dollar that had protected Garnet throughout his life, that had cushioned him from the worst inconveniences of his youthful disablement, that had guaranteed his acceptance in the world and had paid for the subservience of most of the individuals he was ever destined to meet in it, for once, had let him down.  The realisation was like a hammer blow to Garnet.  He felt like a man walking alone on a high trapeze, the safety net beneath him having been removed for the first time.  In the familiar streets, where before he had freewheeled secure, now he felt as though there were perils closing in on him from all quarters.  The tall buildings of his home city which had once been his inspiration, now loomed above him, blocking out the sky, closing in on him oppressively, mocking his lowly position on the pavements, belittling his belief that he could ever have hoped to join them in the air.
A short time later, Garnet was to find himself sitting on the top deck of the QE2, but far from experiencing the kind of heroic homecoming of which he had dreamed, instead he was departing New York: the twin towers of the World Trade Center the last glimpse of his home city before they disappeared beneath the horizon.
Interlude

The Church of the Higher We, by its very nature, if not exactly encouraged, nevertheless harboured, many slightly bizarre offshoots, of which the Terminal Baggers was one of the more discreditable factions.  Critics dismissed its members as being nothing short of petty criminals; supporters considered themselves as something akin to a proactive cargo cult.
A none too succinct introduction to the philosophy and lifestyle of the sect was offered by Australian Wayne Pederson at his trial in the United Kingdom in 2004, a section of the transcript of which is provided below.  Pederson, refusing the services of a court lawyer, insisted on defending himself, and was ultimately found guilty of theft, and sentenced to three years’ imprisonment, after previous suspended sentences were taken into account.

I’d been at Heathrow for almost a year, but the community there had grown too large and the Opponents* had been stepped up and were making life intolerable: there were too many mouths to feed and not enough Offerings* to go around.  We had lost a couple of good leaders early on in the year too and we had become reliant on new members, who were not yet known to the Opponents, to collect the daily Offerings from the Spinning Altar*.  It was a tough time.  Jollings - our new leader - had said that if we could all just make it through to Christmas, things would improve: there would be more flights; there would be more Offerings.  I didn’t believe him: he had said the same at the start of the summer.  Then, there had been more flights, but there had been no more Offerings.  Still our community went without.  Jollings would bring us Hawaiian floral shirts and sun tan lotion, when we had people starving, desperate for food.  I remember arguing with him at the time that he was choosing the wrong kind of Offerings: bigger did not always mean better.  I advocated that we should concentrate on carry-on Offerings*, but Jollings would not hear of it.  I almost lost my faith more than once during that long summer.  It was about that time that I first heard about a smaller community that had recently established itself at Stansted.  At first, I thought that it was just a myth: there were always stories of lost groups; of Terminal paradises and magnificent Offerings; even tales of communities living in peace, free from persecution from the Opponents.  I did not believe any of them.  Until, I met Shakra that is.  She had said that she was from Stansted; that there was a small group of Terminal Baggers based there, and that they had a wealth of Offerings, so much so that they were actually now in a position to start to trade with other airport communities.  They were not living in the subsistence fashion that we were at Heathrow, far from it.  It sounded almost to good too be true.  She told me about the network of airports and how they were all linked.  There was Heathrow and Stansted, of course, but also Gatwick in the south and Luton in the north, both now trading with each other.  She also talked of City Airport, although she confessed that she had never been there, her knowledge of the place only being hazy; the Terminal Baggers based there reputedly being the most insular and fundamental of any of the central communities.  There was even talk of trading with France; apparently she was due to meet with a representative of the Baggers based at Orly the next weekend.  She suggested that I join her group at Stansted.  She said that they were always keen to accept new members.  It was the kind of optimistic talk that I had not heard at Heathrow for months.  Even so, it is a big decision to move from one place of worship to somewhere new.  I had known other Baggers - mainly ones arrived from airports overseas - who had attempted to join us at Heathrow; they would be looking for a new start, perhaps some were trying to rekindle a dwindling faith, it never worked out, they all reverted* in the end.  Once the roots of belief are dug up it is rare that they can ever be successfully replanted somewhere else.  I said that I would have to think about it, and she said that she would be back in one month to see what decision I had made.  In the meantime Jollings - I never discovered who told him - had learnt that I had been talking about possibly defecting to Stansted.  He was furious.  He accused me of being a heretic.  He accused me of handling Unclean Offerings* and even of trying to contact a member of the Unseen*.  It was all untrue, of course, but once mud has been flung it is inevitable that a little of it sticks.  I was ostracised by the rest of the community, and there was nothing for it other than for me to leave.  A Bagger can’t survive for long on his own.  I have known others try, but they are all caught by the Opponents in the end.  Their faces get known.  I knew my days were numbered.  I only wonder what life would have had in store for me if I had been bold enough to seize my chance; if I had followed Shakra when she had called; if I would have discovered my paradise at Stansted*.

The new edition of the Bickerstaff Dictionary of Alternative Religions, Sects and Cults dismisses the Terminal Baggers with the following brief paragraph.

Established c. 1999.  Membership figures unknown, but estimated at fewer than 2,000.  Terminal Baggers live outside the normal conventions of civilisation, believing neither in paid labour nor any form of subsistence farming, instead deriving their sole source of food and sustenance from whatever they are able to steal or scavenge from the baggage carousels at international airports.  It is unclear exactly what they worship, although the whole airport complex is considered a place of reverence, the zone between arrivals and passport control being particularly holy, and baggage handlers are treated like gods.
Chapter Seven

Garnet rented a large nineteenth century merchant’s house close to the Botanischer Garten tram stop, from the top windows of which it was possible to glimpse the sparkling waters of the Zurichsee, and the many spires and towers of that city’s historic centre.  During the daytime he would request his carer to wheel his chair up the steep cobbled slope to Lindenhof, where he would while away hours watching the old men arguing over the giant chess boards, and admiring the skill of the boules players, casting their gleaming silver balls on the dry ground in the shadow of the fragrant lime trees.
Although still a recognisable figure around the city - his wheelchair rendering total anonymity all but impossible - Garnet, nevertheless, lived the life of a virtual recluse; he rarely appeared at public events, gave no interviews to the media, and discontinued communication with almost all of his New York acquaintances.  As Saffron Davies recalled: “We were shunned, without ever knowing what offence we had committed.”.  One of the few people from his old life with whom Garnet did maintain a correspondence with the architect Marcel Chin, although the exchange of civilities was somewhat one-sided, and strangely enough, for all his curmudgeonly reputation, it was Garnet who was the more avid letter writer.  By now, Chin had established his own high-profile architectural practice, and although still without a physical, bricks-and-mortar building to call his own creation, was held in the highest esteem in his profession: people most commonly referring to him as a great visionary, rendering it unnecessary to sully him with doubts as to whether or not he was a great builder.  As a consequence of his newly found fame and success, it was Chin who found himself with little spare time on his hands, and Garnet who discovered that time was genuinely relative, and that sometimes it could drag interminably.  For a while this excess of hours even deterred him from his favourite pursuit of attaining the summit of tall buildings, ever since he had read that time passes more slowly the further away from the Earth’s surface an object is located: additional time was something he was quite happy to do without.  There was also the logistical problem, that the finest view of Zurich was to be had from the top of the two towers of the Grossmunster, and restricted by his disability, and unable to find such subservient carers as he had been previously able to in New York, Garnet was incapable of ascending higher than the front steps of the austere Romanesque cathedral.  If he wanted to look for further evidence of being knocked while he was down, it was staring him in the face.
Nevertheless, Garnet regarded his time spent in the Swiss city, as among the most peaceful of periods he had known in his life.  He was beginning to learn that quiet obscurity was one of the most valuable commodities that money could buy.  Where before he had found his wealth oppressive and, as a consequence, his life meaningless unless he used his fortune to further trumpet his family name, or to build a great and lasting monument as a testament to himself and his bank balance, here, in the relative tranquillity of a foreign city, he realised that the greatest thing that money could buy was the luxury to do nothing.  And, moreover, to do nothing, in extremely lavish surroundings.
The subject of Garnet’s love-life had been a matter of public debate and media scrutiny for the better part of three decades.  Common opinion was that the man was asexual, but this most generally translated into the fact that their subject was too discrete to have been ‘found out’ one way, or the other.  Few men of wealth are ever asexual; it is the pauper who most often lays in a lonely bed.  True, Garnet was no Howard Hughes, but should he have ever been called to bring forth witnesses to testify to his sexuality, there would have been no shortage of women willing to endorse a statement of his prowess.  Something else that money could buy: silence.
It was during his Zurich sojourn, though, that Garnet had, what he later described, as the one true love affair of his life.  Madame Marie-France Dreslin owned an antiquarian bookshop in a small, cobbled alleyway leading off Munstergasse, halfway between the fashionable boutiques and classy hotels of Bellevue and the open air restaurants and sleazy hostels lining Niederdorf, where backpackers mingled freely with prostitutes, and explicit photographs on the walls advertised the nature of the films shown in the cinemas, and where a succession of dark-expressioned North African men in slick suits, attempting to divert the passing human traffic from their straight and moral path into the myriad neon attractions, converted the street into a slalom course of negative responses and downturned glances.
Mme. Dreslin had been widowed three years previously - so Garnet was to discover.  The shop had been established by her husband, a small, energetic man who had travelled far and wide in his pursuit of increasingly rare books, and whose pent up zeal and boundless energy, confined within the limitations of too tiny a frame, had resulted in a massive heart attack at the age of fifty-six, whilst carrying a box of new additions to his stock, into the shop from his car.  Mme. Dreslin, an expression not entirely contorted with either grief or sadness on her face, would point at the swirly-patterned carpet beneath ‘Old Maps and Cartography’ as the location of her husband’s final fall.
It had been a copy of Les Soeurs Vatard that had first drawn Garnet’s attention to the small booksellers.  His passion for Huysmans was surprisingly unabated with maturity, and Les Soeurs was one of that writer’s few novels that he had yet to read.  The edition displayed behind the yellow-filtered window, was the 1909 Ferroud version, illustrated by Jean-Francois Raffaelli, bound in green morocco and marbled boards.  A faded, typewritten note standing up beside the book, described the contents as ‘A tale of nineteenth century life in a bookbindery in Paris’.  There was evidently no attempt at the ‘hard sell’ here.  There was also no record of the price that was being asked for the volume, although this would have been of little consequence to Garnet in any case: financial considerations were never an obstacle; possession, for him, was only a question of desire.  It was perhaps the fact that the same principle did not work on Mme. Dreslin herself, that added greatly to her appeal for Garnet.
Mme. Dreslin was a straight-backed, slim woman, with the poise which seems to come so naturally to the French.  Of what is commonly described as a figure, it would have to be said that she had very little, appearing almost boyish by her lack of curves, but for all that, Garnet thought that he had rarely encountered a more feminine creature.  For a woman of forty-five her face was conspicuously free from lines, and reflective consideration of how she must once have looked, in the first flower of youth, the inevitable telltale signs of the intervening years iteratively stripped away from her complexion so that the innocent woman was revealed once again, would have lent most people to describe her as beautiful.  To discover that Mme. Dreslin was only actually thirty-five years old puts a subtly different spin on the critical assessment: the physical composition of her visage was in no way altered by the knowledge, but at the same time, somehow, it was.
Garnet was fascinated by her air of cool aloofness.  It was something that he rarely encountered in his life.  His minor celebrity status - and if not that, his considerable wealth - guaranteed a fawning reception by people who recognised him; his wheelchair bound physicality prompted polite and condescending helpfulness by people who did not.  Mme. Dreslin was something of an anomaly: her abrupt manner could not have been conducive to improved sales in the shop, and her frosty contempt of her clientele was completely at odds with the concept of efficient customer service which was central to the American psyche.  Garnet could scarce imagine someone less likely to advise him to ‘have a nice day’.  Nevertheless, her peculiar philosophy towards sales patter was sufficiently individual to ensure her of one regular new customer.  Garnet was later quoted as likening his relationship with Mme. Dreslin as something akin to how the sadomasochist must feel every time he visits his personal dominatrix: you knew that you were going to be abused, but that was ninety percent of the pleasure.
On the occasion of Garnet’s first visit to Dreslin Antiquariat und Buchhandlung, his request to be shown the volume in the window was greeted with a dismissive wave of the hand, as if to say ‘you know where it is, you get it’ and after recovering from his initial surprise sufficiently that he was able to instruct his carer to recover the desired book, his query as to the price was met with the flat rejoinder of “Five hundred francs”.  It was a considerable sum of money, even for a book as exquisite as the Ferroud edition, and its sale would have surely compensated for a week of few customers, but Mme. Dreslin’s tone of voice belied none of these facts: it was pure ‘take it or leave it’.  Garnet took it, and returned to the shop again two days later, the ill-mannered woman having been the uppermost thought on his mind during the intervening period.  This time he asked if they stocked any other works of Huysmans, an enquiry which was met with a bored look, a slight pout of the full lips, and an expressive shrug of the shoulders, the proprietress’ arms extended wide not in an attitude of embrace but indicative of the explanation, ‘who can tell, some questions are destined to forever remain as mysteries’.  For someone who had never said more than two words to Garnet, he had managed to construct an elaborate imaginary discourse between the two of them.  With an effort, Garnet managed to resist the temptation to remind her that he was the same person who had spent five hundred francs in her establishment only the day before yesterday, and that surely this fact entitled him to something more than a display of indifference, but instead, he retreated, for the second time hastily vacating the Dreslin premises, giving his carer instructions to wheel him to the top of Lindenhof, where, with the city spread out below him, he could plan his continuing campaign of engagement.
Chapter Eight

How Marie-France Dreslin made the transition from casual acquaintance to live-in lover remains forever shrouded in mystery, and no more so than to the man himself.  Garnet, having frequented the bookshop for a period of several months, on an almost daily basis, purchasing during this time a considerable number of volumes, none of which he had either the time or the intention of ever reading, all, seemingly, caught up in a whirlwind of spiralling inflationary prices, and on each occasion met without the slightest hint of recognition, let alone friendship, by the increasingly - to his mind - pulchritudinous proprietress, it came as a great shock to him, when one day, as he was preparing to depart the bookshop, a copy of the 1894 Paris Librairie edition of Zola’s La Curre wrapped inside a modest brown paper bag and stowed away beneath the storage compartment beneath his wheelchair, and two one hundred francs notes fewer in his wallet, that he thought he heard the object of his desire ask him if he would like to go to bed with her.  Garnet had heard about mirages occurring when a person was subjected to great mental or physical duress, classically, imaginary oases appearing to thirst-starved desert travellers, but the words he now heard were almost an auditory equivalent of the visual phenomenon: if he had been granted a wish, it would have been the phrase he would most have desired to hear.  Now though, he was forced to ask Mme. Dreslin to repeat herself, so uncertain was he of his own ears; so incredulous that prayers could genuinely be answered.  The first time that they made love, it was in the storeroom behind the shop counter - Garnet not being capable of scaling the steep and narrow staircase, which was the only means of entrance to Mme. Dreslin’s boudoir - Garnet’s carer, patiently waiting, all the while, outside, solemnly reading the spines of the books on the shelves marked ‘Religion and Esoteric’.  The second time, the venue had switched to Garnet’s Seefeldstrasse mansion, by the third occasion Mme. Dreslin arrived carrying a large suitcase, containing various personal items, and several changes of outfit.
Mme. Dreslin made love in much the same way that she did everything else, unemotionally and efficiently, almost as though it was purely a perfunctory act that she was obliged to undertake by the stipulation of some unspoken vows.  For Garnet, the pleasure of intercourse was always tempered by fears as to his performance: his disability, and increasingly his age, making him an erratic bed partner.  In Mme. Dreslin, though, it seemed that he had found his perfect mate.  The cool French woman’s general demeanour of indifference, and selfish pursuit of her own pleasures, usually would have been a combination guaranteed to induce paralysing, self-conscious embarrassment in Garnet, but strangely enough, the greater Mme. Dreslin’s apathy to any sensitivities on his own part, the more liberated Garnet felt, both sexually and also mentally.  For someone that had never known love, it came as something of a surprise to discover that he was capable of experiencing that emotion.
One disquieting voice, during this summer of love, was raised by Garnet’s lawyer, Leyton Drisdale.  Garnet had initially enlisted the services of the New York based professional during his first unsuccessful attempt at building the world’s tallest structure.  Drisdale, by his own admission, was no expert on construction industry litigation, indeed, only recently graduated from law school at the time, he was a self-confessed novice at many of the practical applications of the law, but, in many ways it was this very innocence which Garnet had been keen to exploit: he had need of a grateful lawyer not a big-name lawyer, someone who was on the up and for whom the addition of such a prize client as Garnet G. Wendelson would mean the difference between sink and swim; Park Avenue or Skid Row.  Leyton Drisdale appeared to fit the description perfectly.  After the collapse - or strictly speaking, non-materialisation - of Garnet’s initial building venture and his subsequent self-imposed exile from New York, Garnet had only seen the young lawyer on one occasion, when he had paid for Drisdale to fly to Zurich to read and ratify his tenancy agreement on the Seefeldstrasse property, but he had maintained a regular communication by telephone, keeping the advocate updated on any changes in his personal and business affairs, something that Drisdale was more than happy to continue, since his retainer fees were burgeoning so rapidly that he already had a fixed eye on a larger apartment, somewhere in the mid Sixties.
The words ‘gold-digger’ were not specifically used, not being considered appropriate legal-speak, but that was unquestionably the gist of the short letter of warning that Leyton Drisdale sent to Garnet Wendelson in July 1983.  Garnet angrily screwed up the missive into a tight ball when he first read it, dispatching it to the furthest corner of his study with a deft flick of his wrist.  It was only later on that same morning when he retrieved it with the aid of a pair of long handled pincers, specially designed for this and similar purposes, that he objectively considered the well-intentioned words, flattening out the crinkled paper, and filing the letter in a tray marked ‘Pending’.

••••••••••

The leaves upon the trees along the route of the Dolderbahn were rapidly turning golden brown as the onset of autumn firmly gripped the city.  It would not be long before the first snows of the season.  Garnet and Marie-France had joined the funicular railway at Romerhof, intending to disembark at Bergstation, high up on the Dolder, overlooking the lake and the city.  Garnet had dispensed with the services of his carer for the day; it had been agreed that Marie-France would wheel him for the afternoon, it would be a pleasant trip in the countryside for them both, perhaps the last opportunity that year, before the ice and snow made the ground impassable for the wheelchair.
The air at the summit of the hill felt chillier than it had been down by the lake and a fine rain was beginning to fall, and when the greedy clouds swallowed up what little remaining warmth there was in the weak sun, the two voyagers decided to rest a while and take tea in the lounge of the Dolder Hotel, from where they could look out on the valley below.  It was too wet and cold to sit outside on the terrace, where the striped umbrellas above the tables looked forlorn and forgotten, the area deserted of people, the bedraggled canopies, swung by the wind, barely capable of protecting the white surfaces from the continual drift of unwelcome wet leaves, which tenaciously clung to the tables and chairs like cheapening insults.  Garnet and Marie-France sat watching the depressing scene, comfortably warm in the air-conditioned interior.  The hotel lounge was empty of residents, and had the air of a sleepy retirement home or the convalescence room in a sanatorium.  A day that had started with such purpose had deteriorated into a meaningless exercise in clock watching, a protracted wait for sufficient hours to pass before either darkness or hunger enforced a change to the status quo.  Once, the company alone would have given the situation necessary meaning for Garnet; now it was the silence he found particularly oppressive.  Across the valley, high above and beyond the far shore of the Zurichsee, in the mountains that formed the distant horizon, there would be other couples staring out, locked together in equally interminable attendance, their gaze focussed on the very spot where Garnet and Marie-France currently sat, contemplating whether the grass was greener on the other bank of the majestic lake, but knowing in their hearts that it was just exactly the same.
It might have been that same day, if not, it was certainly very shortly afterwards, when Mme. Dreslin asked Garnet if she could move a friend into the Seefeldstrasse house.  Initially confused, thinking that perhaps his mistress was anticipating a visit from an overseas acquaintance, he agreed that a spare room could be made available if she so desired, provided, of course, that the guest did not overstay her welcome and did not prove too disruptive to their normal household routine.  When Mme. Dreslin corrected Garnet’s misapprehension and informed him that her friend was actually a man, and further that an additional room would not be necessary, that, instead, he would be sharing both her room and her bed, it still took Garnet some moments to assimilate the implication of her words.  Mme. Dreslin’s response to the ensuing explosion was her typical one of disdainful unconcern: she did not argue with Garnet’s resentful accusations, neither did she attempt to defend herself against his torrent of abusive descriptions, instead she matter-of-factly informed him that it was ‘quite the usual thing’ in her home country and that she ‘could not see what he was getting so upset about’.  When Garnet persisted in his verbal attack, the only rejoinder from her lips that his bile inspired was the coolly-spoken, wounding opinion that ‘in his position he should be grateful for any crumbs that fell from her plate, and that he had enjoyed too large a portion of her cake for too long’.  As a rapier strike, it pinioned him firmly back in his wheelchair as effectively as a mounting pin stuck through an ornamental moth.
Surprisingly, Marie-France Dreslin did not vacate the Seefeldstrasse mansion immediately, instead, it was Garnet who left on an extended tour of some of the famous Swiss health spas, ostensibly in order to consult a range of physicians about possible medical advances which might ease some of the pain he habitually suffered as a result of his accident, but, in reality, to recollect his thoughts, away from surroundings which he could now only view with unhappiness.
It was in the village of Valens, high in the mountains, overlooking the famous spa town of Bad Ragaz, close to Switzerland’s eastern border with Liechtenstein, that Garnet’s thoughts began to turn once again to tall buildings.  Psychiatrists at the famous health centre probably would have described Garnet’s mental processes as being classically Freudian: the pursuit of constructing a vast, new, artificial erection somehow acting as a substitute for the current perceived slur upon his actual virility and physical manhood.  No real shame associated there: the same accusation has been levelled, in times past, at whole nations, let alone impotent individuals.
As the slalom skiers wove intricate patterns in the deep snows of the Pizol range, and the hopeful - and wealthy - invalids of continental Europe settled into the restorative waters of the mineral spring, Garnet drew a blanket more tightly around his legs, sipped at the glass of maize whisky on the tray in front of him, and considered the heavens.
Chapter Nine

In the autumn of 1985 the town of Pripyat was largely unknown to the world at large; even within the Soviet Union it was something of a non-entity: a few more knowledgeable types in Moscow might nod their head in recognition of the word, might offer the opinion that it was the name of a fairly uninteresting tributary of the Dneiper River, some might go as far as to say that it was a town not so very far distant from Kiev, or that it was one of the more prosperous industrial areas in the still largely agricultural Ukraine.  Anyone who had actually been there would have described Pripyat as thriving, a town to be proud of, a shining example that the new economic policies of perestroika of the recently elected, liberal president Mikhail Gorbachev were working, despite a general opinion within the country to the contrary.  Less than six months later, Pripyat would be known throughout the globe as the scene of the worst, man-made, peacetime catastrophe the world had ever seen.  It was during this six month lull that Garnet began his second attempt to create the world’s tallest structure.
It had taken three months of repeated letter writing and protracted telephone calls to secure an interview with Leonid Zhulinsky, special advisor within the Department of Building, Architecture and Planning located in Lvivska ploshcha in Kiev, and even then, on the day of the appointed meeting, Garnet still found himself having to wait an additional two hours in a small ante chamber, while the man himself finished his lunch.  When Garnet was finally admitted to the inner sanctum of the governmental offices and, by way of an interpreter, permitted to outline the details of the ambitious construction project he had in mind, it took Zhulinsky only a matter of a couple of minutes to decide that it would be necessary for Garnet to recount his plans to the head of the Department, Viktor Yershov, State Committee Chairman for Ukraine, and only an additional ten minutes before Garnet found himself in the lavishly decorated quarters of that influential individual.  Where Zhulinsky’s office had been utilitarian, the décor purely functional, the wallpaper bland and peeling, revealing a black residue of dampness on the exposed plaster beneath, Yershov’s suite reminded Garnet of the ostentatious displays of status that he had been familiar with in New York.  Back then, it was often the case that such exhibitions of grandeur were only paper fine, a thin veneer of gloss to disguise a floundering ability beneath: with Yershov, this was clearly not the case; the man exuded power and competence; here, there was none of the pointless bureaucracy that had thwarted him in so many of his dealings with the Russians to date, instead Garnet was faced with a man who purely wished to know facts, and on the basis of them would then give his decision, yes or no, final, no further discussion.  Forty-five minutes later, a deal had been settled, several papers had been signed, and Yershov was slipping a large cheque into the top pocket of his jacket, at the same time pulling out a bottle of pepper vodka from the bottom drawer of his magnificent mahogany desk.  The two men exchanged a toast, clinked glasses and each settled back in satisfied repose in their respective chairs, pleased at the conclusion to a mutually beneficial business arrangement.  Yershov poured himself a second glass of vodka, and downed the fiery spirit in one gulp in the same fashion as the first.  “We finish the bottle, no?”  Yershov spoke English tolerably well, with the thick, guttural accent typical of his Slavic ancestors.  Garnet smiled indulgently, extending the arm holding his own glass.  He had no concern for either his own or the Ukrainian's linguistic shortcomings: in his world, money was the preferred language of choice, and it managed to subvert all cultural or country boundaries.  It was reassuring to know that there was such a positive unifying force for mankind: it restored some of Garnet’s faith in humanity.
Yershov insisted that Garnet must take a tour of his home city before he departed again, and also offered to accompany Garnet personally to the finest restaurant in Kiev that evening, to cement their deal with a further partaking of food and drink.

••••••••••

A black Mercedes limousine picked up Garnet from the Intourist President Hotel Kyivsky, where he was staying, on the outskirts of the city, and swiftly whisked him along the wide, largely car-free boulevard which runs parallel to the green belt of parkland on the west bank of the Dneiper, to Tsarske Selo, Yershov’s restaurant of choice.  Several of the landmark onion dome towers on the Russian Orthodox churches were illuminated on the hills in the distance, as was the odd window, high up in a concrete apartment block which should have housed thousands, but most of the rest of the city was cloaked in darkness, and Garnet found that he could no more get to grips with his bearings than he had been able to earlier on in the day, when two of Yershov’s colleagues had proudly shown him the sights.
The restaurant was to the south of the city, in the opposite direction from the offices where he had first met Yershov, and as Garnet watched the comforting lights of familiarity gradually disappearing in the rear-view mirror behind him, he had the paranoid thought that perhaps this was all a grand trap; that Yershov had taken his money, and was now arranging for him to be quietly disposed of.  It would all be so easy.  Wheelchair-bound, what resistance was he likely to offer?  The Russian mafia were supposedly rife.  He had read all about it.  It had been one of the reasons he had opted for the Ukraine as a possible location for his new building project: no lengthy planning applications; certainly no awkward, do-gooder environmental groups; and - for the simple exchange of a requisite sum of hard currency - no questions asked.  Except, the same was probably true of their criminal investigation system too.  A man is required to be killed: no questions asked.  A famous businessman goes missing: no questions asked.  Evidence of the crime is concealed: no questions asked.  
“You need help, sir?”  
Garnet was brought around from his reverie by the sudden realisation that his driver was asking him a question.
“Sir?”  The chauffeur had swivelled around in his seat so that he could face his backseat passenger, and was indicating with his hands the pushing motion of a wheelchair.  Garnet looked around himself, blankly, and then, realising that the car had come to a halt, and also seeing outside the vehicle a bright light on a building which revealed the name of the appointed restaurant, regained something of his composure, snapping, “Of course.”
Garnet was wheeled to a table set for four diners, although of his fellow companions there was, as yet, no sign.  The driver of his car doffed his cap in apparent genuine respect, and then took his leave, saying that he would be waiting outside, ready to drive him back to his hotel whenever his meal was finished.  A waiter arrived, wearing a straw hat and colourful, traditional dress, not out-of-place in the faux rustic interior, carrying a bowl containing nugget sized chunks of what looked like soft white fudge, and deposited this on the table in front of Garnet. “Salo,” the man said knowingly, at the same time miming putting one of the morsels in his mouth, and savouring the taste longingly.  Garnet picked up one of the white cubes, which felt slightly sticky to the touch, and eyed it suspiciously, before replacing it on its plate, and requesting to see the wine list.  At the rear of the restaurant, largely hidden - Garnet was thankful to note -  from the table that he had been allocated, a folk band played, comprising of one seated man, wearing a thick fur-collared jacket, playing an oversized, multi-stringed lute-like instrument, and a second individual in a sheepskin waistcoat, standing and wailing in a melancholy fashion.  It was only Yershov’s sudden arrival that prevented Garnet from recalling his driver then and there.
Yershov’s companion was introduced as Sasha.  Yershov apologised for keeping Garnet waiting, while Sasha had difficulty sitting down on the carved, wooden seat, her black, vinyl mini-skirt being so tight that it prevented such bold movements.  Finally, after she had manoeuvred the offending garment, such that she was capable of bending her legs at the knees, and was seated beside the two men, she reached out and took one of the white, sticky cubes from the table, letting it sit, provocatively, on her tongue for a moment, before it melted away, leaving a white liquid residue to run out of the side of her mouth and down her chin.
“Do not worry about her,” Yershov said reassuringly, noting the direction of Garnet’s horrified, yet fascinated, stare, “She does not understand English.  She does not need to.”  Yershov laughed out loud, slapping Garnet good-humouredly across the shoulders.  “You understand?  Yes?”  He continued, “Have no fear.  We can talk... how you say... in candour?”
“Candidly.  Yes,” Garnet corrected.
“But first we eat.  Yes?”  Yershov wrapped his arm around the shoulders of his companion.  “I have much exercise this afternoon.  You understand?  It has given me an appetite.”  He laughed again, transferring his fleshy hands to his own corpulent stomach, rubbing them back and forth, suggestive of an urgent need to be fed.  Sasha eyed him suspiciously, aware that she was the butt of the big man’s humour, but uncertain as to whether she should defend her corner.
Yershov clicked his fingers above his head and called out loudly, “Raymond!”  As an aside, he said to Garnet, “It is ironic, no?  The finest Ukrainian cooking in the country, and the chef... he is from France.”  He ended cryptically, ”It is what is wrong with this country, you know,” although not continuing to explain exactly what he meant by the observation.
Garnet, normally accustomed to being the object of a restaurant’s waiting staff’s most attentive service, on this occasion, was happy to take a backseat, and allow his host to hold court.  Also, normally someone who prided himself on being something of a food connoisseur, when faced with a menu written entirely in impenetrable Cyrillic, was content for Yershov to order for the whole table without consultation with either himself or Sasha.
“What are the...?”  Garnet pointed at one of the glistening, white cubes, as the platinum blonde proceeded to devour another of their number, throwing her head back as she swallowed the morsel, allowing her unnaturally silver-coloured hair to flow back and forth across her forehead like a moonlit wave.  Her hair was cut in a neat bob style, the individual filaments well-conditioned and free from split ends, Garnet appraised, professionally: it was an expensive haircut, at odds with the rest of her appearance.
Yershov repeated the waiter’s earlier words, “Salo,” going on to explain, “It is... how you say... pig fat.”  Garnet wrinkled his nose, a gesture which was not lost to Yershov.  He continued, “In Ukraine it is a tradition to eat salo.  It is very good for the...”  He thumped his chest, indicating his heart.
Garnet reached out tentatively to take one of the white chunks, conscious of not wanting to be seen to offend the hospitality of his companion’s country but, equally, horrified at the prospect of actually putting the lard ball in his mouth.  Yershov stopped him as his hand hovered over the plate.  “No, my friend.  This is peasant food.”  He laughed loudly, before snapping his fingers once more, “Raymond!  Take this shit away.  Where is our vodka?”
The meal, when it arrived, was simple yet substantial, the lack of strong flavours compensated by generous helpings of thick dumplings and pastries, which served to insulate the body against the already chill autumn air, more effectively than several layers of clothing.  A warm borshch was followed by what Yershov informed Garnet was varenyky, a soft, doughy savoury pudding, filled with a generic meat, potatoes and cabbage, alongside which was served holubtsi, a cabbage roll stuffed with more of the same fatty meat.  Garnet pushed his food unenthusiastically around his plate, as if hopeful that in some way perpetual motion would contrive to reduce the remaining portion.  His companions ate with gusto, drowning out the bland tastes with liberal quantities of vodka.
It was not until the meal was cleared away, and all that remained on the table were three shot glasses set before each diner, and what remained of the bottle of lemon vodka, that Yershov turned the conversation around to matters of business.
“You have your own labour force?”
“No,” Garnet said, “I would need you to provide one.”
Yershov shook his head, thoughtfully, while saying contradictorily, “That should not be a problem.  And materials?  You will be wanting to import?”
Again Garnet said no.  “I would prefer to use local materials and equipment.  Is that going to be a problem?”
“No.  No, not at all.  Materials.  We have plenty of materials.  We just do not have any money to make anything from them.  It would have been more of a problem if you had wished to import.  That is another department.”  Yershov rubbed his fingers together suggestively, “It would have needed more... how you say... outlay.”
“And you do not need to clear any of this with Moscow?”
Yershov laughed, “Times are changing.  Moscow knows very little of what we do down here.  I believe it will not be long before we have our independence.  Not that I think it will make any difference, but that is just the way things are.  No, if you wish to build anything in Ukraine, new factory, office block, even a barn to keep your pigs, I am the man you see.  No one else.  You understand?  We have a deal, do we not?”
Garnet held up his glass to his associate.  “We have a...”
The explosion that ripped through the restaurant was anticipated by a blinding orange flash, a sudden invasion of sound and a rush of hot air.  Where Garnet had been expecting to delicately touch his vodka glass with Yershov’s, instead he found himself showered by a thousand sharp shards from where the front windows of the restaurant had blown inwards.  He felt a warm trickle running down from his hairline, across his brow, still wrinkled with bewilderment and shock, eventually to form a sticky pool in the corner of his left eye, before finding a new pathway, continuing down the side of his nose and into the corner of his mouth.  He spat, instinctively, and a globule of red saliva stained the previously white tablecloth.  He touched his hand to his forehead and was surprised to encounter a hard, thin object, sticking out at right angles to his skin: a bizarre juxtaposition of materials.  He pulled on the glass splinter and was relieved to discover that it came away without any great effort.  He was still looking at the would-be missile when he felt a violent shove from behind and heard a man’s voice shouting at him, distinctive above the surrounding sounds of chaos, almost as though his ears had just popped on a transatlantic flight and his hearing was restored.  Looking around, Garnet saw that it was Yershov, his face splattered with minute specks of blood, as though he had been shaving blindfold, desperately struggling with Garnet’s heavy wheelchair.
Yershov cursed aggressively in Russian, as he pulled on the arms of the obstinately immovable chair, before shouting at Garnet, “How do you move this fucking thing?”
Without answering, Garnet released the brake mechanism at the side of the wheel, and Yershov was able to pull the disabled man out from where he still sat at the table, looking as though he were patiently expecting a dessert course, amidst the devastation of the bomb blast.
“We must go.”  Yershov was still having to shout, in order to make himself heard above the surrounding cries.  “I have a car outside.  You come with me.  I know somewhere safe.”
Chapter Ten

Several years later, when Garnet had been presented with incontrovertible evidence  that Viktor Yershov had indeed been one of the unfortunate thousands who had succumbed to radiation sickness as a result of the fallout from the Chernobyl reactor disaster, it was from memories of the evening they spent together after the bomb attack on the Kiev restaurant, that he most fondly recalled him.
The night time streets appeared unnaturally deserted after the chaotic activity of the restaurant, and the only sound was the rush of the strong gusting wind outside the window and the occasional misfiring note from the small car’s engine.  Yershov remained silent, his attention fully focussed on the dark road ahead, the car’s headlights barely serving to illuminate a safe passage.  Garnet, in the back seat, his wheelchair folded up and uncomfortably pressed against him, still felt too stunned to speak, and Sasha, amazingly, appeared to have fallen asleep, her head nodding in rhythm with each movement of the car.  The apartment block to which Yershov drove was on the outskirts of the city, a nondescript, Soviet-style, concrete eyesore; an unlikely refuge for such a high-up figure in the machinations of government.  Conscious of his passenger’s likely thought patterns, Yershov explained, “Do not worry.  This is... how you say... my bolt hole?  My wife, she does not know.  You understand?”
Garnet nodded and, in the car’s mirror, he saw a smile pass across Yershov’s face for the first time since they had begun their nocturnal journey.
“We will be safe here,” Yershov continued.  Garnet noticed his gaze drop to the wheelchair, as he said, “I just hope the lift is working today.
“So these Crimean...”
Yershov supplied the word that Garnet was searching for, “Tatars.”
“Thank you.  Tatars.  Have they done anything like this before?  What is it they want?”
“Their’s is a long grievance.  Like so much in my country.  There is too much history.”
“And you are sure they are responsible for the bomb?  You don’t think it was meant for...?”
“For us?”  Yershov interrupted, laughing.  “Why should it be?  You overestimate your importance here.  Mine too.  No, my friend.  Today, we are just the innocent bystanders caught up in somebody else’s dispute.”  Yershov stood up, crossing the small room to retrieve another bottle of vodka from a wooden sideboard.  His capacity for consuming the fiery spirit seemed limitless.  “You will drink?”
Garnet had already discovered that it was impossible to refuse Yershov’s invitations: his glass was automatically refilled regardless of any negative response on his part.  This time, though, he acquiesced gladly.  His hands had finally stopped shaking, but it would require a numbing quantity of alcohol in order to dispel from his mind some of the terrifying images he had witnessed, albeit only briefly, earlier that evening.
“Thank you.”  Garnet accepted the offered glass, raising it again in imitation of his earlier gesture, “We never did complete our toast.”
Yershov looked momentarily blank before catching Garnet’s meaning and then taking the initiative, “Of course.”  He raised his own glass aloft, ostentatiously, “To success.”
“Success.”
Sasha had long since excused herself and retired to the bedroom with an ease born of familiarity, and Garnet and Yershov spent the remaining hours before sunrise happily engaged in finishing the bottle of spirit and seeing where their increasingly alcohol-fueled discussion took them.  Yershov spoke briefly of his bedroom companion after she had left.
“Hers is a tragic story, like so many of my countrymen.  She longs to be a mother, you understand, but she has had two... what you say?”  Garnet was unable to supply a guess at a suitable word, and so Yershov continued, “The babies they die.”
“Miscarriages.”
“Precisely.  Now she can not have children.  Her insides they are all mixed up.  And so her husband, he beats her and then leaves.  Gone.  And her still so young.  It is very sad for her, no?”  The big Russian’s sober mood changed, like an electric switch being turned on and off, he laughed suddenly and uproariously, “But it is very good for me, no?”
Garnet could not but help be affected by his companion’s high spirits, but the serious subject of the earlier attack was seldom far from his mind.
“You never finished telling me about the Crimean Tatars,” Garnet said, “Why would they attack an innocent restaurant?”
Yershov was typically ambiguous, “What is innocent, and what is not, these days, my friend?  It depends upon your point of view.  Take you,”  Yershov stretched his hand out towards Garnet, “You would probably consider yourself... what you say... an upstanding citizen, yes?”
Garnet nodded.
“To some of my colleagues in Moscow, though, you are a capitalist enemy of the state, and to some of my fellow countrymen in Chechnya and Crimea, you are worse, you are an infidel.”
“And what about you.  How do you see me?”
Yershov stood up and grinned, placing a large arm around Garnet’s shoulders in fair imitation of a bear’s embrace, “To me, you are a brother.”
As the level in the bottle of vodka sank lower, Yershov went on to tell Garnet something of the plight of the Tatar people.
“I have much sympathy for them,” he said, “We are so many of us dispossessed, in one way or other.  The Tatars, perhaps, most of all.  Their entire population was deported by Stalin, towards the end of the Great Patriotic War.  They were seen to be... I do not know your word for it.”
“Collaborators?” Garnet offered.
“Precisely so.  All traces of their culture were expunged, their language banned, their homeland was handed over to other nationalities, even Germans.”  Yershov shook his head, as if in disbelief.  “Some of my family moved there.  Even today, I still own a dacha close to Yalta.”  Yershov digressed,  “You must stay.  It is very beautiful.”
“Thank you.  And now the Tatars are reclaiming what they believe is their birthright?”
“That is so.  They were forced to settle in Kazakhstan and Uzbekistan, some even in Siberia, but little by little, they have been returning.  They come looking for a homeland that no longer exists.  I sympathise.  They are not the only ones who dream of a different Russia.”
“So these bombings are common?”
“No, not at all.  This is a very safe country.  We have no crime like in your country.  There are not bombs like in say... Great Britain.”
Garnet, despite feeling slightly light-headed as a result of the vodka, was not sufficiently inebriated to forget his reason for being in this country, “I only ask because of the project,” he said, “I do not want anything to jeopardise the construction, and if there is any element of insurrection, my building could prove an easy target.”
Yershov waved away Garnet’s anxieties, dismissively, “There is nothing to fear.  The Tatars are more generally a danger to themselves than they are to anyone else.  I do not know if you saw the demonstration in the city centre this afternoon?”
“I did notice a crowd,” Garnet agreed, “Your driver said that it was a political rally.”
“He is well trained,” smiled Yershov, “A diplomat, no?  No, it was a group of Crimean Tatars.  One of them was threatening to set himself on fire as a... I don’t know... a protest?  I do not know how it ended.  It is not uncommon.  No one is so interested anymore.”
“But the bomb...?”
“That was nothing.  A firework, no?  Lots of glass and a few broken heads.  There is nothing for you to worry about.  The Tatars, they are not so well resourced that they can upset our plans.  Your plans,” Yershov corrected himself, seeing the questioning look that passed across Garnet’s face.  “Besides, their real argument is with Moscow.  Tonight, this was just local high spirits.  I tell you, if you are still worried, I will provide men, guards.  You tell me, and Yershov will provide.  There will be no problems.”

••••••••••

The problem that was irrevocably to halt construction of what would have been not only the tallest building in the Ukraine, but also in the rest of the world, was one that even the resourceful Yershov could neither have foreseen, or indeed have prevented.
On 26th April 1986 reactor number four at Chernobyl nuclear power station blew up, not as the result of a terrorist attack, but during the routine testing of a generator.  The blast compressed the reactor floor twelve feet into the ground as temperatures within the plant reached 3,000 degrees Centigrade.  Almost one hundred times the amount of radioactive material that was released from the Hiroshima atomic bomb was released into the area surrounding the reactor, and during the days following the explosion, fallout affected 23% of Belarus, 7% of the Ukraine, plus areas in Russia, Poland and the Baltic States.  Thirty-one people were killed instantly, as a result of the initial blast; the number of people who died in the subsequent years, as a result of acute radiation sickness and fatal diseases directly linked to exposure can only be estimated, but certainly ran into the hundreds of thousands, and this despite mass evacuations of people within a thirty kilometre radius of the plant.  Overall, it was estimated that close on five million inhabitants of southern Belarus and northern Ukraine were directly affected, in some way, by the events of that fateful spring day, and this figure would be amplified, too, if you factored in the economic affect on the whole country’s population of the continuing cleanup operation of the contaminated territory, the loss of revenue from now deserted towns and agricultural land, and the maintenance of the power station to ensure that a similar disaster did not happen again.
The town of Pripyat had been Garnet’s proposed site for the location of the world’s tallest building.  It was also the town closest to the Chernobyl reactor and the first to be evacuated after the catastrophic meltdown.  His decision to turn to Russia had not been entirely random; it was a very public thumbing of his nose to the homeland that he still considered had rejected him.  International relations, pre-glasnost, between the United States and the Soviet Union were still frosty, and many Americans still viewed the Communist superpower with the same suspicions that had been responsible for almost bringing the two countries to the brink of war over the Cuban Missile Crisis, over two decades before.  Brinkmanship and diplomatic posturing had been the main dialogue between the two countries during the Cold War years, and economic and technological achievements, particularly in the Space Race, but in all aspects of building and manufacturing as well, were areas of intense competition between the two rival colossuses.  To have the title of world’s tallest building taken from them, and not only that, handed over to their greatest adversary, would have struck a hard blow, not only at the American government, but at the patriotic heart of the American people.
The actual decision to build in Pripyat had been Yershov’s.  He knew the town well: he had a brother living there, plus, someone he described as, ‘another young friend who my wife has not met’.  It was a prosperous town, he had said, with good transport and communication links, built originally for the power station, but equally useful for bringing in raw materials to the proposed building site.  There was cheap labour too: the border with Belarus was very close, and unemployment there was high; it would be easy to employ the many thousands of workers that Garnet envisaged would be needed to work on the project.  Yes, Pripyat was the ideal location.  Yershov had restated again, ‘there will be no problems’.
Garnet presumed that it was the ‘young friend who my wife has not met’ who proved Yershov’s eventual downfall.  There was no other reason for Yershov having been in the ill-fated town on the day of the reactor explosion.  Garnet himself was many hundreds of miles away at the time, enjoying the spectacular views and rapidly improving climate in Yershov’s dacha on the coast of the Black Sea.  Yershov had been with him only two days beforehand, the two men having formed a strong friendship during the six months of their collaboration on the building project which was intended to make one man’s fortune and one man’s fame.  Yershov had been pushing Garnet’s wheelchair along the vehicle-free, waterfront promenade naberezhna Lenina, both silently admiring the view across the still waters of Yalta Bay, the shingle beach on their left hand side, a line of green cypress and ragged-leaf palm trees to their right, slowly heading towards Prymorsky Park, when the big Russian had asked, “Will you never walk, my friend?  Do you wish to be a cripple all your life?”
“It is not a choice that is mine to decide,” said Garnet.
“Are you sure?”  Yershov, effortlessly spun the four-wheeled conveyance around in an arc so that Garnet was facing him, the two men’s knees almost touching.  “I have seen you.  When you get into bed.  When you leave this...”  He pointed to the wheelchair, a look of disgust on his face.  “You have some movement.  With help, perhaps... We have doctors in the Soviet Union...”
Garnet interrupted him, abruptly, “No.  I have seen doctors.  I have seen physiotherapists.  I don’t want to talk about it.”
Yershov persisted, “But surely if there was some chance...  You can not want to be like this all your life.”
“I have been like this all my life,” Garnet replied, sharply.  “You talk of doctors.  All they do is give you hope.  And what use is hope to me?  I have no time for hope.  Faith, hope and charity.  They are a seductive trinity, you would probably agree?”
Yershov nodded, mumbling, “Corinthians 13:13.”
Garnet looked surprised as Yershov went on to quote, “And now abideth faith, hope and charity, these three; but the greatest of these is charity.  Just because I am Russian, do not think that I do not know the Bible.”
“I’m impressed.”
“Not that I altogether agree with it,” Yershov confessed, more truthfully.
“Nor entirely abide by it,” said Garnet, his previous dark mood momentarily lifted, amused at his friend’s embarrassment.  “That passage always makes me think that it sounds like it should have come from the Koran and not the Bible.”
Yershov raised a bushy eyebrow, questioningly, “Why?”
“The emphasis on charity.  Under Islamic law a Muslim is supposed to donate a percentage of his income to charity.  Zakah, I understand that it is called.  It is the same with any interest that they make on bank accounts, for example.  I have seldom come across a Christian who was similarly generous.”
“You know a lot about these matters?”
“It is what a good education does for you,” said Garnet.
“Faith, hope and charity, you were saying?” Yershov prompted.
Garnet smiled.  The sky was a perfect, clear blue, and the sun was shining warmer than on any other day so far that year.  On the distant peaks of the Crimean Mountains, though, the winter snow was still visible, glistening and reflecting the bright light, like a mirror.  One of the things he had missed most since leaving New York was the opportunity to hold forth on a topic of conversation, usually on the occasion of a dinner party at his apartment, surrounded by friends and acquaintances, who, if not actually respectful of his opinions, were at least polite enough usually to listen in pretence of attentive concentration.  In Yershov he had finally found someone who was not only prepared to listen, but who, when he spoke himself, Garnet genuinely found interesting and informative.  He knew that he could trust the Russian to absorb his words silently, only ultimately to shoot them down in flames with a deft rejoinder.  He was not to be disappointed on this occasion.
“Faith,” Garnet said, “Is just an excuse for laziness.  It is passing the responsibility for your own life on to someone, or something, else.  You have faith that an event will happen, without being prepared to do the necessary graft to make the event happen for you.  You have faith in a higher being, because you don’t want to accept responsibility for your own miserable existence.  You agree?”
Yershov smiled noncommittally, “Continue.”
“Okay, hope.  You talk to me of hope.  Karl Marx said that hope is the opium of the people.  Or perhaps he said religion?  Who knows.  Some things get lost in translation.  You know Marx?”
“Not personally,” Yershov was quick to joke, “Similarly, just because I am Russian and am not supposed to read the Bible, do not think that my bedtime reading is Das Kapital.”
Garnet continued, “Hope is always for the future.  For a future which never comes.  It is pointless to hope.  You hope for things you do not possess.  Far more profitable to try to change your present to be the way you would like.  I am a rich man.  I do not need faith and I do not need hope.  And as for charity?  If I believed in charity, I would probably not be rich in the first place, and then where would I be?”
“In need of faith and hope?” asked Yershov, mischievously.
“I suggest a new trinity,” said Garnet, “Action, Endeavour and Achievement.”
“And have you lived by these... how you say... standards?” asked Yershov.
“No, of course not, “ said Garnet, “I pay someone else to do that for me.”
It was not quite the last ever conversation the two men had.  Once they had reached Prymorsky Park, and were both seated beneath a gnarled and twisted cypress tree, looking across to the statue of Chekhov in the beautiful tropical gardens, Yershov teased Garnet that he had instructed the builders in Pripyat not to include an elevator in the new construction, so that the building’s benefactor would be beholden to someone else if he ever wished to make the ascent to the summit.  Garnet closed his eyes, the image of the blue waters of the bay remaining so vivid in his mind it was as though it was etched on the inside of his eyelid.  There was no need to reply.
It took several days before news of the reactor blast reached Garnet.  By that time, over 100,000 people had been evacuated from the area immediately surrounding the nuclear power station effectively turning Pripyat into a ghost town.  Teams of scientists and ‘liquidators’ from all over Russia had been transported to the site in order to aid the cleanup operation, and the 180 tonnes of radioactive material which were still smouldering beneath the generator had been encased in a steel and concrete sarcophagus, to prevent any further leakage of the lethal substances into the atmosphere.  Needless to say, construction on the proposed world’s tallest building was halted overnight.  Garnet took the news philosophically: he remembered back to a time in late 1984 when he had been trying to weigh up the merits between building in the Ukraine or in central India.  It had been the Union Carbide disaster at Bhopal that had decided his mind then.  He remembered thinking at the time how fortunate for him that the chemical release had happened when it had, and not a year later.
If there was any comfort that Garnet could draw from his Russian excursion, it would be to say that in his attainment of the skies, he was at least progressing in the right direction: where in New York his construction had foundered several fathoms below sea level, here at least he could point to a vast concrete foundation, and say that he had managed to ascend almost two feet closer to the heavens.
Interlude

The radiation levels that frequent flyers are exposed to are equivalent to that of workers in the atomic energy industry, and a single transatlantic journey subjects the body to the same amount of high-altitude radiation as a hospital chest x-ray.
The Church of the Higher We issues very strict guidelines aimed at protecting their members from all potential airborne illnesses and hazards.  Not a Church known for the proselytising approach of its brethren, nevertheless ‘the hazards to healthy living of aeroplane travel’ is a soapbox subject, upon which a Higher We disciple can often be found holding forth, particularly in airport lounges or beside terminus check-in desks.
More than just a desire to educate, it is one of the acknowledged tenets of Higher We philosophy that its members should care for any victims of airborne-induced conditions, and it is the interpretation of this law that has led to the establishment of several slightly bizarre institutions worldwide.  The Casey Strongbourg Institute for Nervous Flyers, based in Houston, has just recently appointed a professor to the Erica Jong Chair of Aviophobia Counselling, and its lecture series entitled Free To Fly: Release the Shackles that Bind you to the Planet is sold out for the next year. Casey Strongbourg, himself, is sadly not going as strong as the institute that bears his name, having died instantly when his helicopter crashed in trees in the grounds of his medical establishment in 1997, in full view of a horrified gathering of current patients, who had paid handsomely to hear him speak.  The Safe Skies Co-operative dedicates itself to the distribution of a handy, pocket-sized leaflet which spells out the potential dangers of air travel in somewhat sensationalist terms, and lists the precautions that passengers can take in order to minimise the risks to themselves.  With their kind permission the contents of the pamphlet are reproduced in their entirety below*.

Safe Skies
Our dream: your due.

We, the Safe Skies Co-operative, wish to bring to the wider attention of the air-travelling public, the numerous hazards associated with frequent flying, and to suggest some simple remedies that can both alleviate these dangers and also make your airborne experience a more pleasurable one.

1) Cabin Pressure

FACT: Reduced cabin air pressure caused by high altitude flying results in less available oxygen, causing possible hypoxia.

SOLUTION: Hypoxia increases the effects of alcohol on the body.  While you cannot practicably bring your own breathing apparatus on board, you can at least get drunk quicker so that you do not realise that you are slowly suffocating.

2) Excess Gas

FACT: Reduced cabin air pressure results in abdominal gas expansion as air expands inside the body, causing discomfort and excessive flatulence.

SOLUTION: Avoid carbonated drinks, such as champagne, and any beans, vegetables and pulses.  Alternatively, just take a stroll down to First Class and let rip.

3) Dehydration

FACT: Low cabin humidity - typically less than 20% - can cause dehydration, dryness of the eyes, and skin irritations.  Alcohol consumption can also contribute to dehydration.

SOLUTION: Since you are already drinking more alcohol (see Cabin Pressure) it is essential to drink at least equal volumes of uncarbonated water to combat dehydration.  Contact lens wearers are recommended not to wear their lenses during the flight.

4) Circulatory Problems

FACT: Prolonged immobility leads to blood pooling, particularly in the legs, leading to stiffness, discomfort and in some cases the development of a venous thrombosis, pulmonary embolism, and death.

SOLUTION: Remember to keep taking those trips to First Class (see Excess Gas), plus due to the vast quantities of liquid that you are now consuming (see Dehydration) the roundtrip between your seat and the onboard W.C. will be a regular part of your in-flight exercise regime.

5) Cosmic Radiation

FACT: Exposure to greater levels of ozone and cosmic radiation increase with altitude.

SOLUTION: Without specialist protective apparatus these are risks that are particularly difficult to guard against.  As a word of reassurance though, just remember, that even on the ground the chances are that you are already exposed to a greater daily concentration of radiation than official International Commission on Radiological Protection guidelines recommend, just by going about your everyday business.  What difference can an extra little blast have?

6) Airline food

FACT: Most airline food is pre-cooked and then kept warm for several hours before consumption, at temperatures insufficient to kill off potentially harmful bacteria.

SOLUTION: Avoid.

7) Aircraft Disinfection

FACT: Many countries require the interior cabin of an aircraft to be disinfected against vector-borne diseases, such as yellow fever and malaria, and also sprayed with insecticide to kill off non-indigenous pests that may prove harmful to local agriculture.  There is anecdotal evidence of travellers feeling unwell after aircraft have been sprayed.

SOLUTION: There is no evidence of a causal link between exposure to pyrethroids and the symptoms of which many passengers complain.  If you are this nervous, you should ask yourself why are you flying in the first place?  It is the aircraft crashing that is going to kill you, not the flight attendant with the can of aerosol.

8) Jet Lag

FACT: Travel across multiple time zones can disrupt the body’s circadian rhythms leading to malaise, insomnia, and reduced mental and physical performance.

SOLUTION: Here you are left with a dilemma.  To combat the effects of jet lag the advice is to rest as much as possible and not to drink alcohol, contrary to the advice given earlier (see Cabin Pressure and Circulatory Problems).  It’s your choice: jet lag vs. deep vein thrombosis.  We know which one we choose.

9) Smoking

FACT: Smoking is now almost universally banned by all airlines.

SOLUTION: Hey, they can hardly throw you overboard for doing it, can they?  Nb. do not try this experiment on any flights originating from any cities in California.

10) Air Rage

FACT: Air rage is a term recently coined to describe the often violent behaviour of passengers affected by the various stresses associated with modern air travel.

SOLUTION:  Since you are now beered up (see Cabin Pressure), starving (see Airline Food), dying for a fag (see Smoking), full of excess gas (see Excess Gas), and bursting for the loo (see Circulatory Problems), who wouldn’t be full of rage?

Remember, Safe Skies, aiding flyers across the miles.
Chapter Eleven

Garnet moved into, what was by his standards, a relatively small condo close to the marina in Titusville, Florida, where he was able to live in virtual obscurity, spending his days peacefully watching the rich and varied bird life on the Indian River, and gazing across at the strange and assorted structures that comprised the eerily silent Kennedy Space Center.
Despite his lifelong obsession with the attainment of the high airs, the conquest of space had never been an achievement that had particularly excited Garnet.  He had read about Yuri Gagarin’s first manned space flight with disinterest, similarly, had heard Neil Armstrong’s immortal words uttered from the surface of the moon without them stirring any feelings of either pride or patriotism.  The concept of Space tourism was still something from the pages of a science fiction novel, and the idea that money could buy you a passage to the stars - as Dennis Tito was to later prove in April 2001 - was inconceivable: astronauts were only chosen from the fittest of the fit, and by no stretch of the imagination did Garnet consider himself among their ranks.  For him, though, the fascination, and necessity for proximity to the Space Center, was not the desire to watch the shuttle launches which brought crowds of thousands flocking to the wetland marshes, unconsciously following the like of the Great Egret and the White Ibis but, instead, was his love affair - growing stronger by the day - with the Vehicle Assembly Building.  There was something else, too: a recognition that he was no longer a young man; a desire to discover what it was that old folk did with their time when they were past the legitimate age for sabre rattling.
It was only nine months since the Challenger disaster in January 1986 and NASA and the shuttle program were in crisis: new launches had been halted and the whole direction of the project was under debate.  The Vehicle Assembly Building, which had proudly witnessed the blossoming stages of production of all of America’s major ventures beyond the earth’s stratosphere from Saturn, through Apollo, to the recent shuttle missions, lay a dormant, empty shell.  One of the largest buildings in the world - the equivalent of fifty-two storeys high and with an internal capacity to house five Statues of Liberty with room to spare - was a washed-up has-been: redundant and ridiculed.  Garnet knew exactly how it felt.

••••••••••

In the spring of the following year, Garnet invited Leyton Drisdale to join him on a fishing trip: he proposed a boat on the St. John’s River, where the Large Mouth Bass were known to bite.  Drisdale cancelled long-standing plans to travel to Paris, where he had been intending finally to visit the Louvre and, instead, caught the next available plane down to Orlando.
It was the first time Garnet had actually seen his lawyer since the busy brief had visited him in Zurich.  Of the two men, though, it was Drisdale who was most shocked to see the change the intervening years had wrought upon his client.  The troublesome, fine, fair hair which had only ever played coquettishly about the older man’s temples, had now receded to such a point that the description ‘bald’ could no longer be denied, a fact that Garnet appeared to try to hide by the habitual donning of a cheap, Knicks basketball cap, a fashion statement in itself, that Drisdale would have been amazed to witness in the man he knew of old.  Gone was every sign of the old aesthete, replaced instead by a grotesque caricature of a middle American tourist: even the gold and diamond-encrusted Rolex watch which still sat proudly on his thin wrist, now looked a parody of itself; vulgar and showily ostentatious.  The man was lesser, too, both in his physical presence and in his ability to dominate a room: Drisdale saw a man shrunken into his wheelchair, overcome by his disability, not raging despite it.  For the first time in their relationship, Drisdale was aware of feeling sorry for the confinee.  Some things did not change, though.  The boat, which Garnet informed Drisdale he had hired for the duration of their trip, along with skipper, cook and professional piscator, would have served duty for a transatlantic crossing.  Drisdale deposited his minimal luggage in his personal cabin, wiped his hands together and brushed away a small fleck of black dirt from the leg of his trousers, and joined Garnet for a glass of champagne on deck.
“I was sorry to hear about Russia,” Drisdale said.
Realising that the lawyer’s concern was purely for his own exploits, rather than any benevolent interest in the welfare of the Soviet state as a whole, Garnet replied, philosophically, “Perhaps it was all to the good.  It was a time bomb waiting to happen.  It could have been worse.  I could have completed my tower, only for it then to be placed in the exclusion zone.  How big a jerk would I have looked then?  The world’s tallest building, and no one able to get within thirty miles of it.”
“You seem to have taken it all remarkably well.”  Garnet shrugged without answering, and Drisdale continued, more uneasily, “I’m sorry that my fears about Zurich were realised too.”
“Is that lawyer speak for ‘I told you so’?”
“No, really...”
Garnet interrupted him, “You know what they say about love.  There is no fool like an old fool.”
“You’re not so old,” Drisdale said.  He looked down at the shrunken form seated before him, lying, “The Florida air must agree with you.  You look great.”
Garnet sipped from his glass, the myriad bubbles from the sparkling wine momentarily shooting up his nose and making him splutter.  Drisdale lent forward to pat him on the back.
“Get off me,” Garnet complained, “I’m fine, for God’s sake.  And I don’t pay you to compliment me and tell me lies.  I pay you because you are the only person I can trust who will tell me the truth.  Forget that and you cease to be of any use to me.  You understand?”
“Perfectly.”
“And the truth is that I look shit.  You know it and I know it.”
“I must admit, I was surprised to hear that you had decided to return to the States,” Drisdale answered, skirting around the issue of Garnet’s appearance.  “And why here of all places?  Why not return to New York?”
Garnet, ignoring Drisdale’s question, placed his hands on top of the rubber tyres of his wheelchair, one on each side, and propelled himself forward several yards across the wooden deck of the luxury cruiser, to a position from which he could hail the skipper of the boat, the head of whom it was just possible to see, bobbing back and forth, busily, behind the smoked glass window of the control cabin.  “Will you cast this vessel off. Or whatever it is that you do with these things,” shouted Garnet.  “And get the fishing expert guy up on deck.  It’s about time he started earning his money.”  Once he was satisfied that his instructions were being carried out, he wheeled himself back to Drisdale’s side, saying, “I’ll tell you all about it when we’re safely out on the water.”
    
••••••••••

The Large Mouth Bass is an unappealing-looking, unimaginatively-named creature, usually most at home in the warm, sluggish-moving waters of a wide, meandering, estuarine river, commonly hiding itself away from the sunlight beneath rotting logs or surface weed, close to the river’s edge.  Not the most conducive-sounding of habitats, although for three unlucky individuals, who were currently floundering, breathlessly, upon the deck of the River Rider III, it would have been a paradise.  The largest of the three fish was held up for public scrutiny.
“Almost seven pounds, I’d guess.  Not a bad catch,” observed the pro. fisherman, appraisingly.  “Put up quite a fight too, which is always good to see.  Anyone else had any luck?”
Garnet yawned unabashedly.  Beside him a thick fishing rod stood supported in a specially constructed depression in the boat’s side, its line trailing lethargically in the vessel’s wake.  Next to him stood Leyton Drisdale, one legged nonchalantly crossed over the other in an attitude of relaxed ease, his champagne flute still held in his hand, his own rod discarded on the boards of the wooden deck.  “Not yet,” he replied, waving politely to the enthusiastic angler.
Garnet continued the conversation he had been holding in hushed tones with Drisdale before they had been interrupted.  “I’m fifty-five, you know that Drisdale, right?  Almost fifty-six.  I’ve been down here a good few months now.  It’s given me time to think a little.  To review what I’ve done with my life.  To see where I’m going.”  Garnet paused.
“And?”
“It’s not a very pleasant conclusion.”
“Oh?”
“Do you know that quote from Richard II?”
“Shakespeare?  Possibly not, but carry on.”
“I have wasted time, and now doth Time waste me.”
“I think you’re being a bit harsh on yourself,” said Drisdale.
“What have I ever done?”  Drisdale tried to interrupt, but Garnet carried on, “No, I mean really achieved.  It was my great-grandfather who founded the business.  That was his achievement.  It was my grandfather who made the first million.  That was his achievement.  And my father.  He made the Wendelson refineries a household name.  He was a colossus.  His life was nothing but achievement.  And me?  All I have done is live off the profits.”
“So what’s wrong with that?”
“Piggybacked on the successes of those who have gone before me,” said Garnet, ignoring the question.  “I stand on the shoulders of giants.  Do you know who said that?”
“Another quote?”
“Quotation, yes.  Isaac Newton.  A great man, in his own right.  Me, I stand on the shoulders of giants and yet it still doesn’t help me to see any further.  If I had a son, what would he think of me?  I often wonder that.”
“But you haven’t got...”
“No,” said Garnet, with emphasis, “I haven’t even managed to produce an heir.  Yet another monument to my failure.”  He changed the subject suddenly, “Do you ever think of retiring?”
“Me?” said Drisdale, surprised, “No.  I love my work.  Besides, I’m only...”
“I know.  You see this place.”   Garnet spread his arms wide to include not only the visible, sleepy river basin, but the town and the Sunshine State as a whole.  “It seemed like a nice place to retire.  I mean plenty do, don’t they.  Little house by the beach.  Good climate.  Spot of fishing.”   He prodded his rod violently so that the shaft dislodged itself from its groove and tumbled to the deck.  “You know, it’s not retirement,” he concluded, “It’s just waiting to die.”
“You could describe the whole of life in those terms,” said Drisdale, pessimistically.
“I suppose so,” said Garnet, falling silent.
Drisdale had been growing progressively more confused as Garnet’s dialogue had continued.  Now he saw an opportunity to voice a question that had been on his mind ever since the cabin cruiser had first departed, “I don’t quite understand why you have invited me on this trip.  Is there something that you need sorting out?  I mean, I’m perfectly happy to listen to your current philosophy on retirement, but I charge by the hour, you know.  This is all costing you money.  Was there a specific reason why you asked me down here?”
Garnet looked up at the other man, amused.  “No, no reason.  I guess, I did it just because I can.”
Drisdale looked bewildered, “I’m sorry, I don’t understand.”
“Of course there is a reason.  Don’t flatter yourself that you are my first choice companion with whom I would want to spend a week on the river.  Like I say, I’ve had time to think down here.  Too much time perhaps.  It makes you indulge in morbid thoughts.  Gives you ideas about your own mortality.”
Drisdale was beginning to understand the direction of Garnet’s talk.  Growing impatience he interrupted, “Am I correct in thinking that you want me to draw up...”
“My will?  Yes, you are.”
    
••••••••••

It took the full seven days of the cruiser’s voyage before the legal document was produced to Garnet’s satisfaction - and Drisdale’s consternation - and had been witnessed by the professional angler and the boat’s skipper.  Even then, Drisdale was uncertain as to the legitimacy of the agreement that he held.
“You know, none of this is relevant, in any case, unless...”
“Unless I construct the world’s tallest building,” Garnet interrupted.  “I know.  That’s rather the point, isn’t it?”
“And there is nothing that I can do, or say, that will make you change... well, you know which paragraphs I mean?”
“None.”
“I really don’t know that they will hold up to legal scrutiny, you know.  What you are suggesting is highly...”
“Immoral?”
“I was going to say irregular, but yes, that as well.”
“I don’t know why you are complaining,” Garnet said, “You do very nicely out of it.  Or don’t you think so?”
“Yes.  Yes. you are more than generous.  It’s just...”
“Just nothing.  Let’s have no more talk about it.  Here.”  Garnet wheeled himself across to where a bottle of champagne was kept perpetually on ice in a white, plastic cool box which had been brought on board originally with the intention of preserving the results of their fishing endeavours.  “Drink a toast with me and enjoy the rest of the day.  The sun is shining.  The bass are supposedly jumping.  It’s a beautiful day.  Cheer up Drisdale.”  He held his glass aloft, remembering the last occasion he had done similarly, in Yershov’s flat in Kiev.  He had been about to repeat the sentiments of that earlier evening, but instead, his light mood changing as he speculated upon the fate of the jovial Russian, said quietly, “To absent friends.”
Drisdale looked at his employer suspiciously, the increasing concerns he had been having, during the past few days, as to the disabled man’s mental well-being, renewed.  “I think you’ve been working harder than you realise,” he finally said.  “All this thinking about your will, perhaps it has been more... how can I put it... strenuous than you imagine.  Have you ever thought about taking a real holiday?  Get away from everything.  Perhaps it might give you a new perspective.”
Rather than the outburst that Drisdale had anticipated to his comments, Garnet, instead, sat thoughtfully, before finally replying, “Do you know what?  You may just be right.”
Chapter Twelve

Garnet’s holiday lasted almost twenty years, during which time he circumvented the globe on more than a dozen occasions, and lost count of the number of different countries - let alone hotels and cities - he visited.  His purpose, though, throughout this epic journey, remained the same: to visit the site of every major new construction project on the planet.  If he was ever to be the best, first he had to check out the competition.  It made sound business sense.  It would have been what his father would have done, in the same situation.
He readvertised for a new carer - a luxury that he had denied himself since his Swiss excursion - although now the position was renamed ‘personal attendant’, and an additional skills requisite was the ability to ‘organise fast and economical travel itineraries’ with the understanding ‘that a considerable proportion of the job would be spent overseas’.  For many - judging by the huge post bag that Garnet was to receive - it sounded like a dream job; for most - judging by the rapidity with which his advertisement reappeared in the national press - the reality proved to be closer to a nightmare.  Garnet Wendelson had not got easier to care for with age.
For every rule though, there is invariably an exception.  And the exception, in the case of the long succession of Garnet’s attendant helpers, was Martin Meek.  The year was 1997 and Martin was twenty-two years old.  An Englishman, he had been propelled to the States on the tidal wave of opportunity that surrounded the current dotcom revolution.  For a young man with the right ideas it was a time when millions could be made overnight.  Martin decided that he fitted the age criterion perfectly, and as for ideas?  With the stakes for winning so high, it was a gamble too good to be refused, and with the optimism - and inexperience - of youth on his side, he was confident of pitching the mental capabilities that a good comprehensive education had instilled in him against the best that the global marketplace could offer.  After all, he reasoned, so much in business - as in life - is just luck, in any case.  There will be better men than him who will fail; there will be abject wasters who will succeed.
In the end, it was neither luck nor ideas which defeated Martin, but time.  The dotcom wave, despite being a big one, was destined to break up as quickly as it had surfaced: the big bucks had already been made - and in most case lost - the venture capitalists, who a year before had been prepared to throw money at any company that had a full stop somewhere in the middle of their name, were retreating quicker than a spring tide, and the stock market, which had artificially allowed the dotcoms to be so buoyant, was finally coming to the conclusion that it was not just hope that floats, and had effectively pulled the confidence plug on the whole teetering colossus.  At a moment in time when Martin had visualised himself surfing clear blue waters to a personal fortune, he was, instead, struck a broadside blow by a board-upending dumper, leaving him washed up and broke on a friendless beach: sleeping rough, underneath the torn awning of one of the deserted sideshows on the seafront of Brooklyn’s Brighton Beach, to be completely accurate.
It is a picturesque image, only occurring in the worst of sentimental movies, where the course of the hero’s life is dramatically altered by the chance reading of a scrap of information he sees in a newspaper, the fated page of which, having been blown by the random vagaries of the wind, presents itself, still legible and intact, at the feet of the down-on-his-luck star but, nevertheless, this was, more or less, the sequence of events that resulted in Martin noticing an advertisement in the ‘Help Wanted’ section of the New York Times, something that he would otherwise never have found himself reading had the erstwhile paper detritus not been swept by a kindly breeze directly into his temporary boardwalk abode.  Even then Garnet’s advertisement was not immediately enticing: would-be dotcom impresario to rich man’s gopher requires a massive readjustment of thinking, not only in terms of self-image, but also in respect of hopes and dreams; commodities, which to a young man, are more precious than gold and riches.  In the end, what persuaded Martin to at least make the effort of responding to the invitation to apply was the prospect, mentioned in the advertisement, of foreign travel: he would have been the first to admit that his American experience had been far from the success story that he had hoped for, and now, without even the funds to afford to buy himself a passage home, the possibility of departing the ‘land of opportunity’, by whatever means, was something too good to throw up.
Two days later, it was with the Kirsty MacColl lyrics of Walking Down Madison echoing in his head, like an eternally reprimanding ear worm, that Martin found himself transported from the gutters of Little Odessa directly into the luxury of Park Avenue society.  He hummed, unconsciously to himself,
From an uptown apartment to a knife on the A train,
It’s not that far.
From the sharks in the penthouse to the rats in the basement,
It’s not that far.
The United States of America.  Oh, what a country!

••••••••••

The Victorian Grand Tour was a requisite rite of passage for every self-respecting young man of a certain rank and social status in the nineteenth century, in order to complete his education and gain what was considered ‘essential life experience’, but the bold Continental travellers of their day could never have foreseen such a journey as the one that Martin Meek was to embark upon over the course of the next few years, compensation indeed for the insults endured, and arduous work suffered, in the service of the ever irascible Garnet Wendelson.
The stamps and visas in Martin’s passport read like a gazetteer of the world’s countries, including several that only Garnet’s privileged financial position had permitted entry to.  There had been the visit to Malaysia in 1998 to visit the undisputed new champion on the block, the Petronas Towers in Kuala Lumpur.  Martin had pushed Garnet’s wheelchair across the transparent sky bridge which links the two colossal twin towers, forty-one storeys above the level of the busy streets below: halfway across the dizzying divide, if he had not realised it before, Martin knew that his life had changed forever.  Most of the following year had been spent in East Asia, where the new tiger economies, hopeful of finally challenging the West’s financial and industrial stranglehold that had shackled them for decades, were exhibiting their economic muscle by building increasingly impressive monuments to wealth and status.  They had visited the Jin Mao Tower in Shanghai - a city they were to return to almost a decade later in order to be passengers on only the second plane to ‘fly through the eye of the needle’, as the local tourist authority was dubbing their latest attraction, the experience of flying through the massive portal at the summit of the recently constructed Shanghai World Financial Center.  The events of 11th September 2001 were not so far distant for the general opinion of the world’s media to be to denounce the new tourist activity as being in particularly poor taste, but consideration of such sensitivities rarely seemed to be something that greatly upset the thick-skinned Chinese, particularly when there was a healthy buck to be turned by the enterprise.
Martin was beginning to equate Asia’s major cities almost exclusively with the tall buildings located in them: Hong Kong, so it must be the Bank of China Tower and The Centre; Guangzhou, CITIC Plaza; Shenzhen had the benefits of both Shun Hing Square and SEG Plaza; and a trip off the Chinese mainland to Taiwan, meant visiting Kaohsiung and the T & C Tower.  Further afield, the Lotte World Tower in Pusan, South Korea was only visible on the plans in the designer’s office, rather than as a steel and concrete structure to be scaled as, too, was the BDNI Center in Jakarta, but nevertheless this did not deter Garnet from wishing to visit the proposed locations of both buildings.
The turn of the new Millennium had been spent in Saudi Arabia, to witness the progress of the rival construction sites of the Kingdom Building and the Al Faisaliah Tower, each a posturing Goliath on either ends of the same street, towering about the low level grid of buildings in central Riyadh.  Neither building a contender for the title ‘World’s Tallest’, Garnet still admired the naked exhibitionism and rivalry which existed between the two buildings, mirroring a similar power struggle between their two wealthy backers: rarely could there have been a more blatant case of ‘I’ve got a bigger one than you’ syndrome.
A short pause in the globetrotting came during a prolonged stay at the spectacular Burj Al Arab hotel in Dubai, a regular feature of which was the weekly helicopter flight that Garnet took from the helipad of the hotel, located on the 28th floor, 210 metres up, overlooking the waters of the Persian Gulf.  But the break was all too brief before the fact-finding mission continued with a vengeance, taking in, in quick succession, the proposed location for Skidmore, Owings and Merrill’s latest skyscraper, at 7 South Dearborn, Chicago, the rumoured site of the Maharishi Tower of World Peace in Sao Paulo and its rival location in Katangi in central India where it was hoped to build a massive pyramid-like structure which would play host to 100,000 Vedic Pandits and Yogic Flyers and, then, more as an exercise in completeness rather than with any intention of viewing seriously tall buildings, there were the short stays in Paris - La Defense - Frankfurt - the Messeturm - and London - where the progress of Norman Foster’s glass gherkin at London Bridge and a ride in a pod on the London Eye momentarily tickled Garnet’s fancy.
The most interesting and ambitious trip, though, which stretched both Martin’s administrative skills and also his patience at his employer’s seemingly continual criticisms, was the one to Saddam’s Iraq in the summer of 2002, where there were plans afoot to recreate the ancient buildings of Babylon, the crowning glory of which would be a new Tower of Babel.  It was not a good time to be an American in Iraq: George W. Bush’s latest posturing in his war against terrorism had turned from the Taliban in Afghanistan and were now firmly focused on the man who had outstayed Bush’s own father in longevity as a leader of his own country - Saddam Hussein.  Iraq was bracing itself for war, and in their eyes America and its western allies were the aggressors.  Garnet’s ‘influence’ secured an entry visa for himself and Martin under the auspices of an invitation from a construction company based in Baghdad, and also the services of a local government tour guide allied to the Ministry of Information for the duration of their visit, but an attempt to have the architect Marcel Chin join them on their Iraqi adventure failed.  Chin had recently become a naturalised American citizen and such a blatant display of pro-Americanism was viewed with suspicion by the Iraqi authorities: Chin’s visa application was returned, invalidated.  The trip went ahead regardless.
Saddam’s vision of his own personal Babylon was intended to mirror his own massive ambitions, and the numerous building projects that he had established, not only in his capital Baghdad, but around the rest of the country, too, were intended to stand as a testament to his period of rule, long after the actuality had ceased to exist.  In this respect he was, perhaps, no different to many men of a certain age: whatever a man’s achievements, or not, during his lifetime, there comes a time when instead of looking to the future as an endless path stretching ahead along which to continue the progress you have made all your life, suddenly the view is dominated by the gaping chasm of mortality, and the only way to bridge the gap is to leave a more permanent memorial to your life than is provided by mere flesh and blood.  Such is the driving force for many major constructions: bricks and mortar, historically, withstand the test of time better than mortal man and his ego.  Martin stood beside a triumphal arch in central Baghdad, a memorial to the Iran-Iraq War, depicting two huge arms each holding a crossed sabre, the hands of which were modelled on Saddam’s own, the blades of the swords having been recast from the melted down guns of fallen Iraqi soldiers, while at the foot of the monument the bullet-riddled helmets of the Iranian foe tell their own story, and, for the first time in his life, considered his own legacy to posterity.  Perhaps it was only natural, while in a country considered so perilous to visit to outside observers, to think about his own mortality.  There would not be a great deal to show the passage of one Martin Meek, should his life end today: a few eclectic possessions, collected over the last few years, currently residing in a small bedroom in an apartment in New York - they would all be tidied up and disposed of, leaving no trace of previous ownership.  His diary jottings and few photographs, similarly, would probably all be destroyed, or maybe, if he was lucky, turn up, years later, in a trunk in a junk shop, anonymous words and faces of forgotten people, steadily turning yellow with age.  He had no one to treasure his legacy; no one to pass anything on to; no reason for his name to be specially remembered.  Martin knew this desire to leave behind a lasting monument was the force which had transported him to this unusual outpost: it was Garnet’s memorial he was helping to construct though, not his own.  In the crook of his arm the plaster that covered up the recent puncture mark he had received during the course of an HIV test - a recent requirement of the Iraqi government for all Western visitors, although one that Garnet had managed to neatly dodge by magically displaying an official-looking doctor’s certificate printed in the cursive Arabic script - was furling up at one edge, begging to be ripped off.  Martin thought about the implications behind the test and decided not to dwell on the subject of man’s own mortality.
For the majority of the Muslim world the depiction of the human form in art and sculpture is regarded as blasphemy: the massive bas-relief image of Saddam Hussein that greets every visitor to the new Babylon was proof that the current day leader was not troubled by such convictions.  Garnet and Martin had made the 50 mile journey south of the capital city in a hired four-wheel drive taxi, as ever accompanied by their willing guide and chauffeur, who kept up a non-stop  commentary as he drove, chiefly extolling the virtues of the current Ba’ath government, at the same time berating neighbours Iran and Kuwait, by way of unfavourable comparisons, at every opportunity.  Martin expressed the opinion that his president should be very pleased with him, which succeeded in producing a wide smile beneath the moustachioed face, and a reply of “you are too kind”.
The ancient mounds of mud bricks, which have been the only indications of the greatness of the original city of Babel, had been reconstructed; the architect of the colossal walls of the new buildings, largely untroubled by historical accuracy, making no attempt to deceive the visiting public into thinking that they were revisiting the ancient city as it would once have looked, instead modern building materials had been utilised in the construction, and the intimidating fortress-like structures, topped by crenelated parapets, spoke only of the folly of modern day Iraq, without recalling any of the past glories of such great leaders as Nebuchadnezzar.  
Garnet’s wheelchair bobbled over the dry, rocky ground, its passenger being flung back and forth like a rag doll, this despite Martin’s best attempts at avoiding the worst potholes and loose boulders.  Their guide directed them towards a lacklustre souvenir stall, behind which its frowning custodian was persuaded to emerge momentarily from his shaded seat in order to sell Garnet a yellowing guidebook, the pages already furling up at the corners, the cover gritty to the touch due to a thin covering of sand.  Where the old city would have been alive with the sounds of life, this newly restored outpost already felt like an archaeological site, quiet, neglected, and already showing signs of ruin and decay.  Martin’s sense of growing depression was only compounded when their guide explained that the next project for reconstruction was to be the magnificent Hanging Gardens, one of the Seven Wonders of the Ancient World, and after that Saddam intended to complete his grand plan by building a new Tower of Babel.  To Martin it sounded like a recipe for disaster: it was something akin to a Middle Eastern Las Vegas, minus the booze, the gambling, and the neon.
For some reason Garnet loved it all.  He loved the excess; he loved the ridiculousness; most of all he loved the supreme egotism: every time he came across one of the many bricks which pronounced itself constructed in the ‘age of Saddam Hussein’ he was forced to point and chortle to himself like an excited schoolboy.  
The Persian excursion - as Garnet, with untypical geographical inaccuracy was wont to call it - was over far too soon for Garnet, but there was one final epitaph to the trip which was to have a major impact both on the remaining few years of Garnet’s life, but also for Martin too.  Before their travel to Iraq, Martin had decided that this was to be his final trip with Garnet, that as soon as they were comfortably settled back in New York he would hand in his resignation and look for employment anew: he was tired of the non-stop round of travel arrangements, bored of living in different hotels, more than anything, he was weary of his irascible employer.  It had been good while it lasted, but now he was ready for a change: he was still a young man, the world was his oyster.  He realised that he had been very fortunate to have seen so many different countries, but now he wished to be recognised for himself, and not purely as a pair of limbs, at the beck and call of a wealthy master.  The occurrence which upset all of Martin’s plans happened on the flight back from Paris to New York, on the last leg of what had been an exhausting round of flight connections from Baghdad, which had begun the previous day.  Perhaps it was as a result of so much aeroplane travel, perhaps it was just a case of pure bad luck, but at 11.15 on the morning of 2nd July 2002, at a cruising height of 31,000 feet, Garnet developed a venous thrombosis, and on arrival at J. F. Kennedy Airport was immediately rushed to the nearest hospital suffering from severe chest pains and shortness of breath.  He was operated upon the same afternoon.
Interlude

I’d never been worshipped before.  It was kinda cool.  I mean, it wasn’t why I joined the job, or anything, I didn’t even know about these Terminal Baggers at the time, never heard of them, I just needed the work, and, well, I wasn’t exactly qualified for anything, and, after all, it doesn’t need many examinations to be able to chuck people’s luggage around.  Baggage handler, shmandler.  It was easy money.  And as for the religious crap, that just came along later.
They call us the Unseen.  I kinda like that.  You know, like we’re some kinda sacred spirit.  Some of the lads, they really play up on it, and all, you know, like they’ll just offer a little glimpse of hand or arm, as they throw the suitcases out onto the carousel, it’s cruel really, they know that to some of these Terminal Baggers that brief sighting is like a religious experience, like a reaffirmation of their vows.  I don’t pull no cheap stunts like that.  I respect these guys and their beliefs.  It’s like my mama always said, you reap what you sow.  Mordy, though, he is quite funny - he’s like my best buddy at work, cos we do the same shifts, you know, 5a.m. through to midday, it’s a killa cos you have to be up at 3a.m., but the money is better - well, Mordy, he works the tarmac, you know, drives the truck out to the plane, loads, unloads, and all, well once he draped himself, head to foot, in  a long white sheet, really ghostly stuff, right, had us all killing ourselves laughing - Unseen, right?  Mordy he was real unseen that day, must have had them Terminal Baggers wetting themselves with excitement.  He had to stop, though, Mr. Warren said that the sheet was impairing his ability to do his job, or some such phrase, I don’t think many cases got put on the wrong plane, but with our job you just can’t afford one slip up, you know.

(Extract from Confessions of a Baggage Handler by Arnold D. Drexler.)
Chapter Thirteen
 
Garnet’s interest in North Korea could easily be traced back to his first visit there in 1989, but the truth was that he had been monitoring both economic and political events in the East Asian republic for several years beforehand, and his earliest encounter with Juche philosophy dated back almost a decade before that.  He had read a newspaper article around 1980 about North Korea’s leader Kim Il Sung, and he could not help but be impressed by what he had discovered.  Kim’s apparent cult of the individual appealed to Garnet’s sense of vanity, and the concept of Juche philosophy, which Kim had managed to get his population to adopt as a dictate for a design for living, appeared a con trick of the highest order, and one which Garnet had considered, at the time, admirable.  The concept of self-reliance appeared to be a sound proposition when it was applied to a country as a whole - particularly one that was functioning well economically - the situation where a country had no need to trade with its neighbours for its own well-being was an almost Utopian ideal.  When the same concept is applied to individuals, though, in a country not performing to such high standards, the ideal is more pernicious.  When you are hungry and go cup in hand begging for food, to be told that you must be self-reliant is not the answer you would wish for.  A good proportion of the newspaper article, as Garnet recalled, had been speculation and was written in the outraged and sensationalist terms of the journalist who is recounting second-hand information and has obviously never visited the country, nevertheless it whetted Garnet’s appetite to discover more about the Hermit Kingdom.
At a time when the communist world had been in apparent terminal collapse, at the precise moment that the Berlin Wall was tumbling down in Europe, Garnet had been touching down at Sunan International Airport twenty miles west of the city of Pyongyang on the afternoon Koryo Air flight from Beijing.  Outside the temperature had been hovering above freezing point: Garnet had never considered the idea of whether it snowed on the Korean peninsula or not.  He was about to discover that it did.  Regularly and heavily.  His wheelchair had not been best equipped for speedy manoeuvrings in blizzard conditions.  Despite the fact that it snowed every winter in New York, Garnet had consistently shunned the opportunity of upgrading his faithful means of conveyance for any more dynamic - perhaps even motor-powered - or streamlined model, instead preferring to see the change of the seasons as a challenge to - and therefore measure of the forbearance and ability of - his current carer.  As the first snowflakes had begun to settle on the tarmac of the runway, Garnet had urged his current helper to hasten forward in a similar fashion to the way a sled driver would encourage his team of huskies.
It required strings to be pulled in order for an American to get into North Korea in 1989: diplomatic strings at a very high level.  That, and money.  There were rumours in the New York press that Garnet’s invitation had been issued from the man at the top himself: the man that the North Koreans called Great Leader, Kim Il Sung.  Garnet had been unperturbed by the speculation.  There was now a certain kudos to being called a Red: as with everything else, as soon as it is gone, people become nostalgic over what has been lost - “it wasn’t as bad as all that, was it?”  So it was with the effective end of the Cold War.  Communism was now viewed with pity rather than fear: a brave experiment that had failed, only further reinforcing the correctness of the ruling political system in the West, allowing all right-minded men and women to sleep safely in their beds once more, not having to trouble themselves with whether the ideology they live by is either right or wrong.  When there is no alternative, there is no doubt.  Communist fashion had been one of the ‘in’ looks that season in Greenwich Village: thick, deep-pocketed, mule-coloured trench coats and straight furry hats and caps with red stars.  Any garment that could be proven to be authentically from the Soviet Union or any of its vassal states was especially in demand.  For the first time in his life, Garnet acquired something approaching street cred.
Back in 1989, Garnet had been met at the entrance to the terminus building by a delegation of three, dark-suited men, all looking slightly anxious, perhaps fearful that their important visitor would not show up; perhaps scared that he would and unsure of the correct protocol for receiving him.  The first man to step forward to shake Garnet’s hand, pumping the limb up and down energetically like a labourer working a hand-pump, had displayed a nervous smile and a mouth of white teeth, which he had been struggling to control from chattering in the freezing weather conditions.  Garnet, unused to physical contact of any kind, had attempted to pull his hand away from the friendly grip and, then, when failing to achieve the release he sought, had looked around for his carer to come to his assistance, which the faithful servant did by means of a firm shove and an unequivocal gesture.  One man was subsequently introduced as Mr. Wendelson’s translator for the duration of his stay in the North Korean capital, the other two men his personal guides.  The story had been much the same, when Garnet had visited for a second time, in December 1993, although then he had been kept waiting himself, this time no longer the VIP visitor, forced instead to play second fiddle to a delegation just arrived from Pakistan, and led by the then prime minister Benazir Bhutto, who carried with her the nuclear secrets which were to shape the world’s changing international policy towards the previously shunned nation.
Now returning once again, seventeen years on from his first journey to the North Korean capital, the snow was just the same, but the greeting was markedly different.  Kim Il Sung had been succeeded by his son Kim Jong Il, the blatant feudalism of the succession upsetting only the most ardent observers of Marxist theory, none of whom publicly felt able to voice their dissent; and rule of the country had passed from the Great Leader to the Dear Leader.  For almost a decade of the younger Kim’s supremacy much remained unchanged within the Hermit Kingdom, to the eyes of the outside observer: rumours of nuclear and chemical weapons stockpiling continued; the isolation from the rest of the world continued; poverty within the country increased; and relations with its nearest neighbour continued to be finely balanced, although chiefly it was propaganda and not bullets which were exchanged across the demilitarised zone.  Of Kim Jong Il, himself, there was rarely ever any sign, raising speculation in the West and in South Korea that the leader was perhaps ill, or handicapped, that he was an alcoholic, or perhaps mentally unwell.  All this was to change, though, with the sudden phenomenon of the, so-called, cult of Kim, established in Seoul in 2000, but which rapidly spread across the globe, particularly amongst disaffected Western youngsters, who adopted the image of the stocky, glasses-wearing recluse as their current in-vogue icon.  The heightened global awareness of the East Asian country coincided with a thaw on the part of Pyongyang’s own foreign policy, particularly towards its southern counterpart, and with world interest being focused on the region by such events as the football World Cup in 2002, it became clear that Kim Jong Il and North Korea had decided that it was time that they had a slice of the action.  Six years on from the turn of the new Millennium the previously dormant backwater transformed itself into one of the most dynamic growth economies on the planet.
For Garnet, though, his first emotion upon returning to the New North, was one of annoyance: his luggage had been lost at the airport; the airline had made enquiries, telephone calls had been made, but there was no trace of it either back in Beijing, or anywhere in the Sunan complex.  The counter staff were apologetic, but ultimately powerless: “this sort of thing happens all the time, there are more and more thefts, you should see Airport Security, it is their department”.  Another, older, worker remarked, wistfully, “there was none of this before the Great Reawakening”.  Martin helped Garnet to fill in the numerous bureaucratic forms which were requisite for the absolution of culpability of any member of airport staff for the loss of property, and after leaving the address of their hotel with the manager in charge and receiving, in return, a postage stamp size receipt written entirely in Korean, and a vague promise that “the bag would be forwarded on as soon as it was located”, Martin pushed his employer unhesitatingly through the chicane of dividing walls which comprise Customs, past the weary-eyed officials at Passport Control, who barely so much as glanced at their much-stamped documents before waving them forward across the sumptuous, airy foyer of the newly-renovated airport terminal, and out into the twilight and their first glimpse of the New Korea.
For Martin it was his first trip to Pyongyang.  It was four years, now, since the fateful trip to Iraq which had ended with Garnet’s hospitalisation and had forced Martin to reassess his plans to leave his service.  On the whole, though, on reflection, he was pleased with the way things had turned out for him.  Garnet had been lucky too.  He had suffered what has become known as a DVT - a Deep Vein Thrombosis - but he had been operated upon in time, by the best surgeons that money could buy and, after a relatively short convalescence period, had made an almost complete recovery - the only reservation being that it was thought, by the doctors at the time, that he had also suffered a mild stroke, brought on perhaps by the stress of the operation and which had left him, for a few days immediately afterwards, mildly disorientated and locally paralysed in the left-hand side of his face.  These side effects had been purely temporary, though, and it was not long before Garnet was discharged from hospital and given a clean bill of health to travel once again.  One longer-lasting effect, be it as a direct physical result of the stroke, or perhaps just from the mental wake-up call of his own fragility, was to Garnet’s temperament: the man who was notoriously cantankerous, was suddenly transformed into a pussycat.  It took Martin some time to realise that the sweetening of nature was permanent - and genuine - and not, as he had previously suspected, some long-running prank that his employer was playing, with the ultimate intention of berating his gullible attendant.  It took him even longer to decide that he actually quite liked the new Garnet.
The thick white snow gave the city the appearance of virginal purity, the awesome, tapering structure of the Ryugyong Hotel rising, like a bizarre, illuminated Christmas tree, above the quiet, moonlit streets and huge, clear squares devoid, at this time of evening, from the new influx of tourists, most of whom were secreted away in the capital’s numerous new casinos, happily losing their currency in  warmth and comfort.  When Garnet had visited in 1989, the Ryugyong was in an early stage of construction, anticipated as being the future shining testament to the correctness of Juche ideology: by 1993 the huge structure was a forgotten ruin, gradually falling into disuse, shed like a discarded larvae case, except in this case there was no beautiful butterfly preparing to emerge from amongst the ruins.  Lack of funds had meant that the building project had never been completed; shoddy materials had ensured that the structure would never be safe for occupation.  The Ryugyong had become a white elephant, ironically, more accurately symbolising the state of the disintegrating nation than ever Kim could have originally intended.  Still uninhabited, at least now the Ryugyong finally appeared to have the prospect of a brighter future: its distinctive silhouette had been adopted as the logo for the New Korea, and although still an empty shell - the inside décor never having been completed - the structure had been reinforced to insure its longevity and had received a cosmetic makeover so that it did not look out of place amongst the burgeoning new buildings surrounding it.  The building had been taken to the people’s hearts too: no longer viewed with contempt and derision, the Ryugyong truly captured the spirit that was sweeping the new country - a giant leap into a brave new world.
Some aspects of the old state had managed to survive the tidal wave of change which had washed away so many old ideals: there was already an army of street cleaners at work on the city’s sidewalks, erasing the current day’s grime even before the clock had signalled that it was time for a new day to begin; there were still the iconic sculptures and vast monuments to past industrial and sociological achievement, although these were now viewed with irony, something that would have been unimaginable in the not-so-distant past, when any negative comment against the state was viewed as a treasonable offence; there were also the pictures of Kim - both father and son - everywhere, but as with the image of Che Guevera which dominates every billboard in Havana, the impression of the two leaders was as though they were gazing down benevolently upon their people and city, rather than watchfully.
Despite teetering so close to the edge of complete economic meltdown towards the end of the previous Millennium, the seemingly miraculous, phoenix-like rise of the New Korea should come as no great surprise to analysts of the region, indeed the country was almost perfectly placed for such a revival.  Five decades of isolation and self reliance had resulted in the formation of a huge manufacturing base, complemented by skilled workers unexpectant of commensurate pay packets for the hours and enterprise that they provided.  The only problem that had held back this manufacturing giant was the lack of countries to trade with: the combination of sanctions and the Juche ideology did not make for a spirit of international co-operation, and exports, and the important revenue that they provided, were practically non-existent.  Naturally, in these circumstances, industry fell into decline - North Korea’s own industrial revolution mirrored that in most other nations, except that its rise and fall occurred in a matter of just decades rather than centuries - but the fabric and structure of manufacturing industry remained, waiting, like a dormant giant, for the political environment to change.
The other factor which had prevented the old North Korea from exploiting its heavy industry productivity was its crippling debt: Kim Il Sung had borrowed vast amounts of money in the 1970s in order to invest in technology and equipment for his burgeoning factories, but then defaulted on any repayments whilst maintaining the products of his investment.  For decades North Korea had been on the West’s financial blacklist, crippled by trade sanctions and unable to obtain any more support for development projects.  The reason behind North Korea’s debt being wiped out at a single stroke of a pen was equally straightforward: as exchange for an agreement by Kim Jong Il to surrender his nation’s nuclear capability.  Since the 1980s Kim’s father had been purchasing technology and expertise with the intention of developing a nuclear capability on the eastern frontier of the Pacific Rim, a situation that was to draw the attention of the International Atomic Energy Agency in 1991, which declared that they suspected North Korea of constructing nuclear weapons at its reactor plant at Yongbyon, north of the capital city.  When IAEA inspectors were denied access to North Korean nuclear facilities in 1993, it looked as though their suspicions were well founded.  Several years of posturing across the Demilitarised Zone with South Korea resulted in an eventual withdrawal of all US owned nuclear weapons from the southern territories, and after a personal visit to North Korea by former American President Jimmy Carter in June 1994, an initial declaration was made that North Korea’s nuclear programme would be halted, and relations between the two Koreas reached a new accord in 1997 when President Kim Dae-jung of the South declared his new diplomatic strategy towards the North, Haetpyol Chongchaek, his so-called Sunshine Policy, paving the way for potential reunification.  The final political obstacle preventing North Korea’s repatriation with the rest of the world was overcome in 2003, and the President of the World Bank declared the end of North Korea’s debt, and the presidents of the two divided countries shook hands at the ceremonial creation of the New Korea: not a unified country - New and South still remaining as separately governed nations - but a country, at least, assimilated back into the global conscience.
New Korea’s story since the Great Reawakening of 2003 had been one of unprecedented buoyancy: tourists had flocked to the newly created country, both eager to witness a final glimpse of a nation previously isolated for so long, but also keen to spend their cash in the multitude of new attractions that had sprung up, Vegas-like, from an entertainment desert.  Unlike in the West, though, where service and financial industries had replaced so much of the traditional manufacturing base, the New Korea was now able to exploit the investment that previously had been poured into its heavy industries and quickly established itself as the world’s production centre: by the end of 2005 a staggering 60 percent of the eligible workforce was employed in light and heavy industry, a figure higher even than that in the Soviet Union during the period of the Five Year Plans, and a deluge of cheap consumer products was the new nation’s gift to the world.  The veneer of success was only thin, though.  Scratch beneath the surface of the booming economy and enviable trade figures and it was apparent that they were only achieved at continuing expense of the itinerant population, the majority of whom still lived way below the standard of living attained by their contemporaries both in the West and in other Asian countries, and decades of oppression and the relentless subjection to propaganda on the public psyche could not be dispatched so easily as could the missiles that had, inadvertently, resulted in the changing fortunes of the new state.
The new Garnet was barely less unreconstructed than was the new Korea: he cared not a jot for the welfare of the local population; people were to him little more than labourers, just another line on a budget sheet of profit and loss, they each had a price, and it just so happened, to his good fortune, that the price of labour in New Korea was substantially lower than in equivalently developed countries.  This fact, plus the interest and dynamism that currently circulated around the former Hermit Kingdom, had finally convinced Garnet that now was the time to act: he was an old man, his monument could not wait much longer.
Chapter Fourteen

Martin had never met Marcel Chin before, although he had heard his employer talk about the Laotian architect a great deal.  He knew of the man’s reputation, too: there could be few New York residents who had not heard of Marcel Chin, albeit most perhaps would have encountered him and his outrageous fashion sense, leaping out from the society sections of the glossier weekly magazines, rather than any of them having actually employed him in a professional capacity.  The man was variously described as a style guru, the greatest designer of his generation, or the most over-hyped architect of his - or any other - generation.  Even if Martin had not already recognised the distinctive features of the man who now approached himself and Garnet from across the expansive foyer of the Korean hotel reception area, he would have been prepared to bet that he was not going to enjoy the company of the new arrival.  No homophobe, Martin nevertheless had an instinctive macho aversion to overtly camp exhibitionism, and the stereotypical mincing steps, and flouncy, floral attire of the Asian architect sent out warning signals to the young carer.  Martin spun Garnet’s chair around in a half circle so that his employer could greet his old friend, but it was Chin who was first to speak.
“Garnet, darling.”  Chin kissed the air, high above Garnet’s head, making no pretence of bending over in order to make contact with actual flesh.  “You are looking sublime.”
Garnet smiled indulgently: too old to be fooled by flattery, still aware enough to be amused by Chin’s appearance.  “You, too,” he answered, ironically.
Martin was conscious that Chin was now studying him with ill-concealed repulsion, peering superciliously along the length of his finely reconstructed nose, from behind the affectation of a pair of pince-nez spectacles.  Garnet realised that some sort of introduction was necessary.
“Marcel Chin, this is my current attendant, Martin Meek.”
Martin felt himself cringe unconsciously at the inclusion of the word ‘current’ in Garnet’s introduction.  For Garnet it was a habitual phrase, but having now served the same master for the best part of a decade, Martin felt that he was deserving of having the additional appendage to his title dropped.  Regardless of the permanency of his status, he was aware that Chin was tentatively extending a hand of welcome in his direction, and Martin took the wet-fish offering with as little bonhomie on his part as was advanced on the other.  He felt an overwhelming urge to suddenly squeeze the languid limb that was held within his own, and crush it until he could hear the bones in each finger snap and the muscles and sinews in the palm meld together in a mess of damp pap, which could then be remoulded, like wet clay, into a hard and useful receptacle.  Instead, he smiled, let the cold hand drop, and through gritted teeth, said, “Delighted.  I’ve heard a lot about you.”
Chin didn’t follow up on the statement, taking it as a norm that such would be the case, instead he turned back to Garnet, suggesting, “Too early for sherry?”  There was a sudden peal of high-pitched laughter, as the Laotian found more amusement in his last comment than did either of his two companions.  Before Garnet had had an opportunity to answer, Chin continued, speaking rapidly in the nervy fashion that Garnet recognised from old, “Of course, it is never too early for sherries.  Lead me to the bar.  This place does have a bar, I take it?  But of course, it must.  We can discuss matters there.  But, what am I thinking!  Discussing business when I have not even properly said hello.  But you said it was urgent on the phone.  I have come at once.  How long has it been, dear fellow?”  At the same time as patting Garnet across the shoulders, Chin had turned to catch the attention of a passing bellboy, “Three sherries here, please.  Quick as you can.  A cherry and ice in mine.”  He turned back to an increasingly amused and bewildered Garnet and Martin, “Don’t you just love a sherry over ice in the morning?”
One hour and several sherries later, and Martin, grudgingly, had to admit to a certain growing respect for the flamboyant architect: he might still find his companion’s dress sense slightly distasteful, but there was no doubting that Marcel Chin appeared to know what he was talking about when it came to designing buildings.  The Laotian’s enthusiasm was infectious, too, and his preposterous mannerisms and erratic sense of humour were easier to accept after a liberal dose of alcohol had dampened the nerve endings.  He was a new source of entertainment, in any case, and that was welcome.  Martin and Garnet had been resident in Pyongyang for over a week now: the bright lights and new attractions of the rejuvenated city had been superficially distracting for a few days, but Martin had quickly tired of the faux culture and artificial amusements which had sprung up with the necessity of encouraging the mighty tourist dollars.  Martin found himself yearning for a glimpse of the genuine Asian experience: in Chin he discovered it, and it came with bells attached.
He currently found himself fascinated to watch the way the various parts of Chin’s face moved when the architect spoke: although knowing that the Asian man was now somewhere in late middle age, such was the boyishness of his appearance - chiefly as a result of the administrations of the surgeon’s scalpel, as opposed to any advantageous fluke of nature - his complexion clear of blemishes, the skin tautened unnaturally across the well-defined bones beneath, the forehead Botoxed to a featureless paralysis, any previous evidence of crow’s feet at the corners of the eyes and mouth smoothed away, the dermis sculptured into an expressionless mask, which prevented any inner emotions being externally revealed, leaving the irises of the eyes alone to be the only mirror to the man’s feelings, and which, in an apparent attempt to counter the rigidity of the rest of his visage, perpetually danced around the polished white ballroom of the sclera of his eyes, with constant restless energy.  Conscious that he was concentrating more on the minute movements of the skin at the corner of Chin’s mouth and the rippling effect that each spoken syllable had across the man’s cheeks, rather than on the meaning of the actual words themselves, Martin tried to make a concerted effort to follow the course of the current conversation, and limit his observations to a polite and discrete minimum.
“If you want high, you have come to the right man, darling.  But of course you know that already.”
Garnet answered, his tone serious, “It’s like I explained in my fax, though, attaining the height is not the issue.  Any fool can build up, given the right tools and materials.  What I want from you is...” Garnet searched for an elusive word that would sum up his requirements concisely, but at the same time would not sound too insulting.
“Originality,” Marcel suggested.  “Imagination.”  He waved his hand in the air in a manner suggestive of great creativity.  “Inspirat...” He was cut off in mid-flow as Garnet discovered his descriptive noun.
“Immortality.”
Martin was amused to see Chin momentarily looking at a loss for words.  It was obviously the effect that Garnet had desired during his careful consideration, because he now went on to explain, in the kind of terms more usually vocalised by his companion, “Chin.  Marcel, my dear fellow.  What is it exactly that you are famous for?”  He silenced Chin’s immediate attempt to answer by the raising of an upturned hand, instead continuing, “Let me tell you.  You are famous for doing nothing.  Don’t get me wrong,” Garnet saw the look of surprised hurt which momentarily attempted to break through the filled lines in the smooth patina of the Asian man’s cosmetic mask.  “I think that is an admirable thing.  Truly admirable.”
“But...  But...”  Marcel spluttered, disarmed at receiving an insult when he had been stooping to receive a compliment.
“My own situation is just the same.  Look at me.  Wealthy.  No, more than wealthy.  Ludicrously monied.  Outrageously rich.  Relatively famous.  Not in the same way as a movie star, perhaps, or a ball player, but a recognisable face.  Would you not say so?”  Garnet stopped, momentarily requiring reassurance himself.
“Yes,” Martin confirmed.
“And yet what have I achieved?”   Martin opened his mouth to reply again, but was stopped by his employer, “Nothing.  Nothing that will outlive me.”
“The company,” Martin said.
“Phooey.  My grandfather’s creation.  I will be remembered as the Wendelson who let the company slide.  Who scooped off the cream but was never prepared to get down and messy with the whey.”
“You had others to do that.”
“Precisely.  Others who will be able to settle down on their deathbeds and look back with pride at a job well done.  A life well lived.”  Garnet looked Chin squarely in the eye, “It is ironic, Marcel.  What I liked about you when we first met, all those years ago now, was the very fact that we were so different.  You had nothing then and yet you were full of the vital spark which seemed to make things happen.  You were not prepared to accept your place in the world, you were going to work and battle until you had achieved...  what exactly?  Where were you going?  It is funny.  What I like about you now is the fact that we are just the same.”
Marcel answered quietly, unusually subdued and serious for him, “I don’t understand.”
“Marcel, you are known as the greatest architect who has built nothing.  It is an astonishing feat.  How long is it now since you first came to the States?  Forty years?  Longer?  And what have you really got to show for it?”  Garnet saw Chin’s face crumple again.  “I’m being harsh, I know.  Ask any member of the public to name five famous current day architects and...”
“They’d be hard pushed to name two,” interrupted Martin.
“Perhaps,” agreed Garnet, “But who would they say?  Frank Gehry.  Foster, perhaps.  Or Cesar Pelli.  Mat Maier?  I’m not sure.  Richard Rogers or Santiago Calatrava.”
“Wren?”
“Current day.”  Garnet shot Martin an angry glance, before continuing, “But I guarantee that somewhere on everyone’s list there would also be included the name Marcel Chin.  You are a phenomenon.  Everyone has heard of you.  And yet look around the world’s cities for physical evidence of your great architectural prowess and what do we find?  Nothing.  Zilch.  That alone has made you famous.”
Chin attempted to defend his reputation, “What about my extension to the art gallery in Cordoba.”
“And how many days did it stand for?” enquired Garnet, in full knowledge of the answer.
“Only three.  But everyone said that it was a freak rainstorm.  No one could remember weather like that before in Andalusia.  It was not my fault.  I can not be expected to accommodate for one in a million occurrences.”
Garnet did not attempt to dispute the accuracy of Chin’s meteorological information, continuing, “In my opinion it is fortunate...”  
He was interrupted by Marcel, who had thought of another example of his work, “The otter enclosure at Warsaw Zoo.”
Garnet raised an eyebrow contemptuously, “Consisting of how many structures, precisely?”
“Two,” Chin said, unconvincingly.
“Material?”
“Wood.”
Garnet sighed, “So you wish for your reputation to be judged on the basis of two garden sheds, only fit for habitation by amphibious weasels?  I rest my case.”
“They received critical praise.”
“So did the recent retrospective of Cy Twombly at the Metropolitan.  That is not to say that it was actually any good, it is more an indictment of modern critics that they are so terrified of expressing an original, or at least, truthful, opinion, that a turd could pass for a rose just so long as it is the accepted view.”  Garnet made the sign for inverted commas as he said the word ‘accepted’.  “Ugh, I can’t stand the pretentious people who do that,” he reprimanded himself. 
“I went to that exhibition,” said Marcel haughtily, “It was actually very good.”
“Marcel, Marcel.”  Garnet chided his friend like he would a small child, “You are among friends here.  You can speak plainly.  What did you really think?”
“No, really, it was...”
“You are so conditioned, I really believe you do not know your own opinion.  No matter, I have digressed.  The Cordoba gallery extension - do you know what?  I am pleased that it blew down.  Delighted.  And so should you be, Marcel.  It would have damaged your reputation immeasurably if it had stood.  It was a non-entity.  A jobbing commission.  To coin a phrase, a carbuncle.  It would have sold your abilities short.  No, Marcel there is something greater in you.  And together I think that we can unleash it.”
Martin who had stood a silent observer for several minutes now spoke up, “Do you want me to get the plans now?”
Garnet looked around at his carer with approval.  “They are under my chair.  If you would be so kind, Martin, yes, I think that it is time that we shared with Marcel the full extent of my vision.”
A cardboard roll was quickly extracted, and Martin pulled out several large sheets of draughtsman’s paper, each filled with many precision drawings of what appeared to be several different elevations of the same building, and laid out the plans both across Garnet’s lap and on the table beside them.
“This is what I mean by immortality,” said Garnet, addressing Chin.  “You will no longer be known as the architect who has built nothing, you will be known as the architect who designed the tallest, most beautiful man-made creation in the world.  One building.  My building.  Your building.  One example to embody your whole lifetime of artistry.  People will flock from all over the world to see it.  Your triumph will be my triumph.  The Wendelson Building designed by Marcel Chin.  It will be huge.”  He laughed at his own joke.
Chin had been casting an appraising eye over the diagrams that Garnet had spread before him, “But it looks as though most of the design work has already been done.  These illustrations are good.  You already know what it is you wish built.  What is there for me to do?”
“On the contrary.  Most of my more detailed plans were lost at the airport, along with some other important documents.  These were just the few I carried on with me.  Did I tell you that the airline has mislaid one of my suitcases?”
“You, too,” said Chin.  “I too have three bags still unaccounted for.  Of course, I have another dozen that arrived safely, but even so, it is not good enough.  The service in these...”  Chin searched for an appropriately deprecating term, “Asian countries is deplorable.  Shoddy.”
Garnet interrupted him, bringing the conversation back to the subject of his proposed building.  “These,”  Garnet struck the plans resting on his lap such that they crumpled in the middle, “are just the bare bones.  I want you to turn them into a reality.”
“Here?”
“Of course.  You don’t think that I have flown you halfway around the globe just for a holiday, do you?  Take these diagrams away with you.  Look at them.  Tell me what you think.  I have confidence in you, Marcel.  If you have a better idea, then change these sketches.  I am happy to be guided by you.  All I ask of you is to think big.  Imagine if you are only ever destined to build one building in your life, then let it be one worthy of your name.”
“And money?”
“Marcel.  Do not trouble yourself with such minor details.  Rest assured you will be suitably recompensed.”
“No, I meant the building.”
“Money is no object.  Let the limits of your imagination be your only restriction.  Do we understand each other?”
Marcel was already folding the plans into a tight roll again.  For the first time in several minutes Chin allowed himself to smile, so that his perfectly white teeth were revealed as an advertisement for the benefits of an expensive orthodontist.  “Perfectly,” he said.

••••••••••

Sixteen months later and the reality of the Wendelson Building was apparent for all to see.  There was still much work to be completed on the colossal new structure, indeed, as it currently stood, it still failed to outstrip even the height of the Empire State Building, let alone any of the other giants which had surpassed it in the intervening decades, but that it was well on the way to claiming the crown of world’s tallest building, there was little doubt in anyone’s mind.
It is said of all the truly awesome world superstructures that they are somehow more than a sum of their separate raw materials, that they all exude an undefinable quality which marks them out for greatness: the Pyramids at Giza are a good example of this.  Viewed entirely objectively in a modern context, they are unremarkable structures, built on a simple design, surpassed in height many times over by contemporary structures, gaudily copied in different locations across the globe.  There is little purely in their aesthetic appearance to occasion more than a cursory glance from any passing traveller: three artificial high points in a desert devoid of other punctuation.  What transforms these structures, though, from a pile of lifeless building bricks to the majestic and mysterious edifices which have captured and inspired the imagination of centuries of successive generations of mankind, is the knowledge of the sum of the hundreds and thousands of individual people’s lives which have toiled together to create something greater than themselves, and in so doing have possessed the final construction with an almost organic quality, each stone capable of evoking its own emotional response for the observer who is building imaginary stories of those people who went before and built real ones.  The great cathedrals of Europe are similarly inspirational; the finished structures standing as testaments of the power of Faith, the bricks pointing the way to an unobtainable earthly place, way beyond their physical height, showing believers the first step on the long route ahead.  Even modern superstructures, ones built unashamedly for nothing other than profit, or power, can be blessed, though, with this same subtle spark.  The Empire State Building always had it, so, too, did the Chrysler.  The World Trade Center didn’t have it, then acquired it, and in destruction guaranteed that it would never lose it.  The Sears Tower?  Somehow it has never really had it.  The Eiffel Tower, though, now there is a different story: always had it, always will.  The undefinable it.  Garnet was hoping that with Marcel Chin’s influence and input on the overall design of his own tower it would somehow insure that this elusive, undefinable quality was breathed into every floor of his structure, from every grain of sand in the concrete of the foundations, every pain of glass in the windows, to every tile on the lofty roof.  He need not have worried, Chin or no, the story of the Wendelson Building was greater than any one man, and the sum was destined to be greater than its parts.
Chapter Fifteen

It was ten o’clock in the morning and Lee Hae-Sup was just returning home after having spent a night shift at the construction site of the Wendelson Building on Yanggak Island in the middle of the Taedong River in central Pyongyang.  The temperature outside had already soared to thirty-two degrees, and by lunchtime it would be too hot for any of the labourers to continue working.  Lee was employed as part of the team responsible for mixing and spreading concrete, a job only sensibly done during the cooler night time hours of the Korean summer.  He was exhausted now: it had been a tiring shift, the temperamental mixing equipment jamming on no fewer than three occasions, and the liquid concrete setting in the pipes before it could be pumped out, ensuring that he had not been able to slope away for a crafty couple of hours nap, as was his habit when everything was running smoothly.  All he wanted to do now, was to curl up in bed and sleep, but he could hear his nine month old daughter, Joo-Hee, crying, before he even reached the front door of his apartment, and he knew that he would not be able to retire to the bedroom until he had pacified her, and spoken to her mother, Cho-Mi.  She would want to know what he had been doing that night; had the work gone well; how far had the building progressed; how much money had he earned.  It was the same questions every day.  He was bored of them.  He was bored of it all.  The work.  The building.  The days that became nights, the nights that became days, it was throwing out his routine: he could not sleep in the daytime; he could not keep awake at night.  It wasn’t natural to live like this.  He was bored with his little apartment.  He was bored with his wife.  The Great Reawakening, they had called it.  It seemed as though everyone else was awakening, and only he, Lee Hae-Sup, was drifting further and further into a deep slumber.  He yawned.  He was so tired.  He couldn’t remember how he had even got here.  Had he fallen asleep on the metro?  The sound of his daughter’s cries brought him back to the moment.  He wondered how long she had been crying for.  Thank goodness, Kim Eun-Hae, next door, would already be out at work, otherwise she would be knocking on their door, complaining again.  She worked at the new Office for Tourism, Lee knew: there were good jobs to be had there.  Not that they would want him, of course.  He was unskilled.  Too old, too, more than likely, they would say.  You had to be able to speak English, nowadays.  Or Japanese.  Or German.  He didn’t even know where Germany was.  Eun-Hae could speak three foreign languages; she had even travelled to America last year as part of her training, and yet how old was she?  Twenty four, twenty five maybe?  Her salary would be three times his own too.  Lee didn’t know why she still lived in this building.  It was a crummy part of town, one of the areas that the rejuvenation programme had overlooked, there was money promised, of course, like there always was, but it would be a long time before any of the city’s new found wealth trickled down to the suburbs.  Eun-Hae would soon be able to afford one of the swish new places overlooking Changsan Park: that was where all the new elite lived; politicians, media personalities, managers of the manufacturing plants.  Gone were the days of Communist ideology, where managers were required to live in the same housing as their workers, in order to foster an environment of visible equality: now, the fruits of labour were only too apparent and aimed at being divisive.  It would not be long before the temptation to cross town and ascend to her rightful place overcome Eun-Hae.  And what difference did it make to him if she did?  True, she would say hello to him whenever they chanced to meet each other, if they came out of their apartments at the same time, or arrived back simultaneously and shared a lift up to the eighth floor, but that was no different to a thousand other neighbours in a hundred other similar buildings.  There had been that one occasion when she had knocked on their door to ask for his advice about a dripping pipe she had discovered beneath the sink in her bathroom: of course it was probably all innocent enough, there had been a small leak which he had been able to mend without any great exertion, but he had been alone in the apartment that day, his wife having taken Joo-Hee to visit her mother in the country, and it was possible that Eun-Hae had waited for just such an occasion in order to get him to herself.  No, it was too fanciful.  He was being ridiculous.  What would she see in him.  It was his fantasy, not hers.
The continuing sounds of youthful indignation from the room behind his own front door brought Lee back from his daydream to his present reality.  If he was looking for an escape, it would have to be of his own doing, there was no point waiting for a successful young career woman to swoop down and extract him from his plight, it was never going to happen.  He slotted his key into the lock, but deliberately delayed turning it, knowing that it was at that precise moment that the transition occurred between the free self of his dreams and the flesh and blood husband and father that he knew to be the reality.  He took one more deep breath, preparing to cross the imaginary threshold of his own construction, his hand poised to twist the cool metal key that leads him towards the rest of his life, when he heard the sound of steps on the staircase behind him, and the noise of muffled oaths said in a low, woman’s voice.  He knew it was Eun-Hae before he turned around and saw the young woman herself emerge around the wall and climb the final flights of steps leading to their shared landing.  She noticed him at precisely the same moment, and conscious that her angry mutterings required some kind of explanation, said, “The lift.  Is it never working?”
Lee was suddenly conscious of how cold the key felt in his hand, and how hot he was feeling himself: the building was supposed to be air-conditioned, but like so many other things - the lift included - it seldom seemed to be working.  He wiped his hand across his brow, too late to prevent a drip of sweat from running down his forehead and along the side of his nose, until it was finally halted from any further southerly progress by the bridge of his glasses.  He could feel his shirt sticking to his back, and was conscious that there were dark, damp marks of sweat on the material, beneath each armpit.  He answered, “I must have been lucky.  I’ve just come up myself.  It was working then.”  Lee glanced at his watch - an unconscious reaction - before continuing, “What are you doing home now?  Are you not working today?”
Eun-Hae had joined him on the landing now, the long corridor leading off in both directions, rows of identical doors on either side, receding into darkness at either end, where it turned a corner, eventually joining to form four sides of a perfect square: the architecture of this quarter was functional rather than decorative.  Eun-Hae had opened her shoulder bag and was searching for her own front door key, as she answered, “It is obviously not my day.  I should be giving a presentation now to a delegation from Texas, but then I discovered that I had left behind the most important document.  I just hope I can find it.  They have agreed to delay the meeting until this afternoon, but...”  Her voice tailed off as she redoubled her efforts to find her key, also aware that her neighbour was unlikely to be interested in the precise details of her own misfortune.  She shook her head, her long, silky black hair flicking in front of her face.  “It was stupid of me,” she concluded.
Lee was about to begin to tell Eun-Hae about the events of his own night’s labour, stopping himself only just in time: the temperamental mechanics of mixing plant number two was hardly the stuff of scintillating small talk.  Instead, he found himself tongue-tied and feeling awkward, ever more conscious of the oppressive heat.  “Hot, isn’t it?” he said, “Or is it just me?”  He was aware of Eun-Hae’s appraising eyes on his body, as she lifted her gaze up from her bag, and looked at him critically, as if for the first time.
“You’re carrying a bit too much weight,” she said, familiarly.  “That makes you sweat more.  Do you work out?”
“Work out?”  The notion was preposterous to Lee, although he was careful not to let his voice betray his feelings.  He was only too aware that a plethora of expensive new fitness clubs had sprung up in the centre of town, but they were aimed at endorphin-fixated tourists, those body beautifuls who could not go a day without their adrenalin-pumped exercise regime, not scruffy locals like himself.  He had heard that there was a strict dress code at some gyms, bouncers on the doors even; he had read that the wealthier tourists even travelled accompanied by their own personals trainers.  It was no place for him.  Besides, what did he need to work out for?  He did an energetic job.  An eight hour stint of back-breaking labour was worth any amount of time spent on an exercise bicycle or elliptical.  He took a deep breath of air, at the same time puffing out his chest such that he could feel the tension where the buttons held together each side of his thin cotton shirt.  He struck his chest with his fist.  “All muscle,” he said, proudly.
Eun-Hae smiled thinly, obviously unconvinced by Lee’s words, but then suddenly some association of ideas must have occurred to her, perhaps inspired by the appearance of Lee’s physique and the knowledge of the job that he did, and she said, “Actually, I’m glad that I have bumped into you.  You’re working on the new building on Yanggak, aren’t you?  The Wendelson Building.”
“That’s right,” said Lee proudly.  “I’m...”
Eun-Hae interrupted his words before he had had an opportunity to describe the details of his own lowly position in the hierarchy of labourers employed on the massive construction site, “Garnet Wendelson.  I suppose you get to meet him occasionally, right?  When he stops by to see how things are going, yes?  He rents a suite of rooms at the Taebaeksan, you know.  Smartest hotel in town.”  Eun-Hae was uncharacteristically animated and persistent, “Tell me how often you’ve met him.”
Lee’s mind momentarily remembered back to the morning of his solitary encounter with the ‘Head Man’.  It had been early on in the project, over a year ago now: the foundations of the new structure had just been completed, a job that had involved him and his team in long shifts, day and night, and progress had been rapid.  There had been talk of productivity bonuses at the time, although looking back that was just idle speculation among the workmen, such bonuses had never been paid before, it had been foolish to think that anything would be different this time, and yet, it had been a time of optimism: the build was going well, the pay was reasonable and regular, he remembered that his wife was heavily pregnant with Joo-Hee, there was every reason to feel positive about the future.  In past years such feelings of optimism could always be directly levied at the door of the Great Leader, and after his death, at that of his son, the Dear Leader, it would have been blasphemous to attribute the responsibility for such goodness to anyone else, but now, since the Great Reawakening, there were new heroes, and, objectively assessed, Lee considered that the largest part of responsibility for his current feelings of well-being could only be attributed to one person, the man that some co-workers jokingly called New Leader: Garnet G. Wendelson.  A message had been received the day before by Kim Dong-Moon, Lee’s head of section, which had originated directly from the offices of Mr. Jake Carver, the construction manager, and the man responsible for the day-to-day logistics of the entire site, to inform their crew that they would be receiving a visit from Mr. Wendelson on the following morning, in order that he could express his personal thanks for the work they had completed, and that every effort should be made by all personnel to look as tidy as possible, and that it was the responsibility of each individual to present himself respectfully and in a manner which would bestow honour to their section.  What had struck Lee most forcibly at the time was how old Mr. Wendelson had appeared: he did not really know what he had been expecting, but he had not realised that Mr. Wendelson was confined to a wheelchair, was surprised, even then, to discover that he was so elderly.  It had been a policy for decades in the capital city of the old North Korea for the infirm, disabled and extremely aged to be kept out of sight, hidden away behind closed doors, such that they would not be able to upset the aesthetic purity of the model communist city - a similar policy being extended to pregnant women, too - and so it was still something of a novelty, even in these greatly relaxed times, for Lee to see a person so obviously disabled.  Despite this apparent insensitivity to the old, at the same time, North Koreans had always greatly respected the wisdom of their elders, and so, even if Lee had not known Mr. Wendelson for the important man that he was, as a matter of courtesy he would have been respectful of his senior status.  He recalled his work section all lined up, their overalls specially washed for the occasion and feeling tight and freshly starched and smelling of detergent, regimented like a line of army cadets, while Mr. Wendelson, wheeled by his male carer, briskly made his way along their ranks, giving only the most cursory glance in their direction as he sailed past.  Afterwards, one of his colleagues had whispered to him, “What a waste of time that was” but Lee, despite not saying anything at the time, had privately disagreed: it had been a privilege to see - even fleetingly - the man for whom they were all working, who he supposed was the one who was paying all their wages; it gave their labour some tangible reason, and that in itself was enough.  That the great man had neither caught his eye, nor uttered a word, was of no real importance.
Lee was aware that Eun-Hae was still awaiting an answer to her enquiry.  “Only once,” he replied, truthfully.
“Oh.”  Eun-Hae sounded disappointed, but continued, “So what was he like?  You could get to meet him again, I guess, if you needed to?”  Lee was reminded in her tone of voice of a starry-eyed teenager, infatuated with the current pop idol on the TV: he was tempted to construct a mental scenario where this dreamy quality was directed specifically at him, but he was not able to delude himself satisfactorily that he was being used as anything other than a conduit to the real object of her desire, although why Eun-Hae should be interested in the elderly Garnet Wendelson, Lee was unable to imagine, until she went on to explain, “You see, our office has received a commission from him to construct a bespoke itinerary for a tour of the north.  It is a very prestigious job.  I am in competition with several of my colleagues to organise the best trip.  I thought that he might like to visit Paekdusan, so that he could visit the spiritual birthplace of our nation.  What do you think?  I thought that if I could just find out a little about him, it would give me a headstart. You understand?”
Lee nodded, “Yes, of course.”  He understood only too well.  Such was the kind of attention to detail and unashamed ambition which insured promotion for the likes of Eun-Hae, and would always mean that he remained firmly rooted to the bottom of the career ladder.  Still, he did not begrudge the young woman her tilt at success: happiness lay elsewhere, he had learnt that many years ago, the aspirational route had no end, it was only with closure that genuine contentment could be found.  Knowing when you had reached your limit.  He thought of his wife again, and of how happy they had been, just a short time ago, at the time when Joo-Hee had been first born, and he wondered what had changed since.  They were just the same, perhaps it was only him that had altered.  He had filled his head with unobtainable fantasies and foolish envies for unachievable goals: this was the legacy of the Great Reawakening - the illusion of freedom and choice, when the reality was eternal dissatisfaction.  Eun-Hae would discover as much: several years on and a few knockbacks to her confidence, and she would come to realise that she was no greater mover in the general scheme of things than he was himself.  For the time being though, he was in a modest position to help her with her attainment of the stars.
“Have you ever seen Mr. Wendelson?”  Lee asked.
“No, never.”
“And you are proposing to take him to Paekdusan?  Remind me how high is the sacred mountain?”  Lee could not prevent himself smiling.
Eun-Hae frowned slightly, noticing Lee’s smirk, and conscious that in some subtle way she was being mocked, but her training could not prevent her from quoting, parrot-fashion, the statistics remembered from the latest guidebook, “Paekdusan is the highest peak on the Korean peninsula at 2744 metres.  The Lake of Heaven, close to the summit, is one of the deepest alpine lakes in the world.  It would make an exciting excursion, don’t you think?” she finished.
Lee could not resist revealing his little knowledge any longer, “For someone in a wheelchair?” he questioned, sarcastically.
Eun-Hae’s frown momentarily deepened, and she lowered her head, looking embarrassed and confused, “Oh, I didn’t realise.”  She fumbled in her bag again, “I must be going, I still have my presentation to find.”  She finally found the key to her front door and turning back to Lee, her dignity regained, said, “Thank you for your advice.  I will have to think of something else.”  Not waiting for a reply, she turned the key in her door and stepped into her own apartment, leaving Lee alone again on the landing.
Joo-Hee had stopped crying and there were now no sounds emanating from inside his own home.  Cho-Mi would be waiting for him, ready to ask him about his day.  The smile that had first appeared for Eun-Hae still remained on his face, as he contemplated this fact.  He would tell her that he was one very small block in one very large building, and that he wouldn’t have it any other way.  Lee turned the key in his own lock, and opening the door, walked into his new old world.

••••••••••

“No more bets.”
The roulette wheel spun counter clockwise in a whirl of dark colours, the red sectors indistinguishable from the black, the numbers painted in each segment unrecognisable, until, little-by-little, friction slowed the motion of the rotating pan, and the tiny ball of fate, which had clung so steadfastly to the sides of the wheel, like a speedway rider desperately attempting to maintain his position on the track, slipped ever further down the side of the sloping wall, coming to rest first in one pan, before finally skipping into the neighbouring pocket.
“Double zero.  All outside bets lose.”
There was an audible groan from the seated observers around the green baize table.  One smartly attired man, rose to his feet, retrieving his jacket from the back of his chair, at the same time muttering in English, “Bloody American rules.  Why don’t you use a European wheel.  Let us punters feel like we have a bit more chance.”  The remaining gamblers were already counting through their money chips, some apparently involved in quiet, complicated calculations of chance and probability, others, almost resignedly, pushing forward a pre-decided amount to be wagered on a pre-decided series of numbers, automaton-style, as though they had no choice in the matter.  For Kim Dong-Moon he did not.
It was always the same bet for him.  He ignored column bets and even money bets - High or Low, Red or Black, Odd or Even - the pay back was simply not sufficient, the series of regular small highs nothing compared to the occasional hit of a big win.  In the past he had always opted for a straight up bet, the same number every time with the opportunity of a 35 to 1 return, but more recently he had become convinced that the split bet system offered him a better chance of success, although he privately acknowledged that this belief was based purely on the one-off good fortune of one lucky night back in March.  But what a night that had been.  One or two more evenings like that one and he would have been able to pay off his debts altogether, and finally get Pak Jin-Siek and his thugs off his back for good.  March: it was four months ago now, and he knew that rather than improve, his debts had risen since then.  Tonight, though.  Perhaps tonight would be different.  Perhaps tonight would be his lucky night.
It had been a bad twenty-four hours at work: twice he had been called out during the night when his team could not fix the problem of some blocked pumping equipment, and then he had had to carry straight on through for his regular daytime shift immediately afterwards.  The one consolation was that Mr. Carver had not had to be informed of the latest hold ups, it had been bad enough being reprimanded by him last week for bad timekeeping, the last thing he needed was another ticking off for not being able to maintain his equipment properly.  He was just glad that he had three days off now: no bleeper, no mobile phone, no way that his crew could contact him even if there was a problem on site; they would have to manage without him, either that or the Wendelson Building would just have to be another three days late in its completion.  Despite his physical displacement, Kim Dong-Moon could not prevent his mind from wandering back to the scene of his current labour.  It was a picture both unattractive and beautiful at the same time: ugly was the detail of the work; the old and rusting machinery; the cold, wet concrete, laying over equally characterless steel girders; the hard faces of the sweating, busy men: beautiful was the whole; the elegant structure, rising ever steadily upwards; the view of the river and the wide squares of the city from the dizzying heights of the seventy third floor, where they were currently engaged in laying a concrete floor over a bed of steel; the wind on his face rushing through the open holes in the side of the building, making him feel connected not only with the construction project but with the space beyond.
“No more bets.”
Damn, he had been daydreaming and had missed his opportunity to place his usual bet.  The croupier’s hand was already on the roulette wheel ready to spin the bowl, it was too late to interrupt now.  Kim could feel a bead of sweat appear on his forehead, despite the relative coolness of the air-conditioned interior: a sweat of genuine fear; an anxiety that this would be the time that his numbers came up; his one opportunity to pay off his debts and he did not have a bet placed.  He remembered the last time that Pak Jin-Siek had asked him for money, he had not had enough even to keep up with the interest payments.  That had been the day he had been late for work, when Mr. Carver had called him into his office.  He had been very nice - Mr. Carver - very understanding, he had asked him if everything was all right at home, had asked him how he had got the bruises on his face; but he had been serious, too, he had said that a slovenly attitude could not be tolerated, he had reminded Kim that he had a team of men who looked to him for an example, that there were building schedules to keep to, that his delays meant that other people could not complete their jobs, that he - Mr. Carver - would not allow anything to stand in the way of the Wendelson Building opening on time and to budget.
The roulette wheel was still spinning, relentlessly, almost soundlessly.  Kim urged it to stop, desperate to be put out of his misery, anxious to know - even more anxious than on the occasions that he had money riding on the outcome - in which pocket the ball would land, to discover if he was to be a winner or a loser.
Pak Jin-Siek had said that he would be back again the day after tomorrow, that he would want his money then, that this time he would not be so lenient.  It was not an ideal threat: Pak Jin-Siek was ex-military.  There had been a lot of unemployed soldiers immediately after the Great Reawakening: an army which had comprised over 1 million men had been disbanded almost overnight.  The most fortunate soldiers had been kept on by the state in a ceremonial capacity, forming the brigade of uniformed men who routinely marched and displayed, in a pantomime version of their previous profession, to entertain visiting tourists eager to see a procession of the erstwhile military might of the old North Korea.  Like a militaristic version of the end-of-day Disneyland parade, this impressive procession of army personnel and hardware occurs daily, marching from the Arch of Triumph in the north of the city, past the Chollima Statue and the Mansudae Grand Monument of the Great Leader, and ending up in Mansudae Square in front of the Museum of the Korean Revolution and the newly completed Museum of the Great Reawakening.  It had been said of the old Pyongyang that it was rather like stepping into a Stalinist theme park, but this description could be far more accurately attributed to the new regime, which now unashamedly exploited the perceived eccentricities of the past for the benefit of tourist entertainment and the acquisition of the mighty dollar.  Kim Dong-Moon had served in the DPRK army himself, but had been invalided out long before the current upheavals.  Other old colleagues of his had found work as police officers, security guards and personal bodyguards: now that there were people with possessions to lose there was a steadily growing business surrounding the protection of their assets.  Many of the unemployed soldiers had found work - like Kim - in the burgeoning construction industry, others had moved into the service sector - banking, tourism, hotel and airport workers - each fulfilling some new role catering for the sudden influx of curious foreigner visitors.  Officially, no one was unemployed; the reality on the streets was harder to ignore though: at one point, shortly after the establishment of the Great Reawakening, every city centre doorway was a night-time shelter for a homeless, hungry person. That was until the establishment of the City Corps - an armed militia, ostensibly employed to safeguard the welfare of tourists - after which the ‘homeless problem’ mysteriously disappeared: it was said that unemployed town-dwellers were encouraged to return to the countryside, but more sinister rumours abounded; either way, to be out of work was not a situation to be taken lightly in the New Korea.  Kim had heard that the situation in the countryside was far worse than in Pyongyang: years of famine in the years before the Great Reawakening had hardly been alleviated by the boost in the new economy, since few tourists ventured beyond the borders of the capital city, and where there was no need for show, there was no need for investment.  Kim had family close to Kanggye - a brother, his wife and two nephews - but he had not seen them for several years now.  He wondered if they were all still alive.  Concern was not a cheap commodity, though, and he could not afford to spend too long worrying on their behalf; he had problems enough of his own.
The wheel was slowing, the small ball visible now, rattling and bouncing in a descending spiral of motion, drawn inevitably towards a final resting place.  Predestined?  Who knows?  Perhaps the owners of the casino: Kim always suspected that the odds were more than unfairly tilted in the house’s favour.
“Double zero.  All outside bets lose.”
Twice on the bounce, that was most unusual.  Someone was pulling some invisible strings somewhere, surely.  Kim felt a moment’s instinctive rise of anger at the negative outcome of the ball’s eternal circuits, before remembering his own failure to record a bet, and was then momentarily overcome by the relief that his regular numbers had not come up.  Double zero, though.  It was portentous.  It was not going to be a lucky night after all.
It was an effort to walk away from the table, but he was thirsty, and the casino did not allow drinks to be brought into the gaming rooms, except in the more exclusive chambers, of course, where money meant that anything goes.  Kim had only ever once been permitted a glimpse into this hidden world of high-stake gamblers, and it had scared him more than he dared admit.  
He thought back again to his conversation with Jake Carver.  Perhaps if there was anyone who could help him out of his current predicament it was Mr. Carver.  He was a good man.  Hard but fair, it was what everyone said.  He had a job to do, but he was not unapproachable.  Perhaps he should tell him the truth; tell him about his debts; see if he might be persuaded to advance him some more wages.  He might understand the necessity, in the short term.  Or perhaps he could put him forward for more overtime.  There was always plenty of extra work needed to be done on the building, particularly when that fool Lee Hae-Sup kept on clogging up the vital equipment.  Kim took a long draught from his newly acquired beer.  Yes, he would speak to Mr. Carver on Monday morning.  It would be cathartic to share his problems, at the very least.  Mr. Carver would know what to do.  After all, wasn’t that what Mr. Wendelson paid him for?

••••••••••

When Jake Carver first met Garnet Wendelson his initial impression was that the man was an idiot.  A senile, old idiot, at that.  And a megalomaniac to boot.  His impression didn’t significantly alter the more expansive the wheelchair-bound dreamer became, outlining his plans for his new skyscraper, to be built in Pyongyang - of all places - on a budget, that although colossal, would only just be sufficient for the scale of the enterprise he proposed, in a timescale, which Carver initially thought was wildly optimistic.  Then there was his choice of architect, too - Marcel Chin.  Carver had met Chin only once before, on a failed venture in the Middle East, and had no great desire to repeat the experience.  He considered Chin a charlatan, full of hot air and glib phrases, but without the necessary experience to pull off a major construction project: the skills that were required in the construction of really tall buildings were meticulous planning, a vice-like tight hold on the project purse strings, and a steady nerve.  For all of Carver’s negative assessment of his future employer, Garnet would have been the first person to agree with him on these points: they were the primary reasons that Carver himself was brought into the enterprise in the first place.
Jake Carver had been born in Wichita, Kansas in April 1966, to white, middle-American, farming stock.  It was to his personal pride, that he was a no-nonsense kind of guy; someone that did not suffer fools gladly, and would tell them so, prince or pauper not respecting.  Looking back on the conversation, he could not say now why he did not tell Garnet Wendelson at the time that he thought that his proposed building project was doomed to failure, and the design for his new skyscraper was ill-conceived at best and potentially unbuildable, but there had been something about the old man that had prevented him from voicing his concerns - a desperation, perhaps, or maybe it was just enthusiasm?  Later, of course, it was too late, but as it happens, he was to be proved wrong with his initial pessimistic appraisal.  His memories of that first meeting were blurred now by the intervening space of time, but he could still recall the gist of the old man's conversation.
He had been approached - as with almost every other job - by letter to his offices in Brooklyn, and asked to meet with a prospective unnamed client in Manhattan at a mutually convenient time, to discuss a proposal for a building project in East Asia.  Nothing more.  No details.  No wordy letter.  No special pleadings.  As it happened, the timing of the letter could not have been more fortuitous: he had just completed overseeing the construction of a major telecommunications tower in Moscow and, although there were other offers available to him, he was open to a new challenge.  The word challenge hardly described the invitation that he was about to receive.  Garnet Wendelson’s opening question should have warned Carver that this was to be no ordinary meeting.
“Do you know the Great Mosque of Samarra?”
“Pardon me?”
“The Great Mosque of Samarra, not far from Baghdad.  Here let me draw you a picture.  You’ll probably recognise it when you see it.”
Carver had watched in silence while the old man before him had slowly, but not without skill, drawn a passable sketch of the building in question, with its recognisable, circular minaret and open-air spiral walkway.
“Recognise it now?”
Carver had still admitted his ignorance.
Garnet had pointed to the focal point of his illustration, a diagram of a wide, tapering tower, “The Malwiyya.  Are you sure that you don’t recognise it?  It is a spiral minaret.  One of the most beautiful structures in the world, belonging to the largest mosque in the world.”  Garnet added as a qualification, “In my opinion.”
“I am sure that you are right.”  Carver was beginning to fear that his journey to the city was going to prove a waste of his time and was anxious to get to the point.  “What exactly has this to do with me?”
Garnet, was not to be hurried.  He smiled, sensing the other man’s anxiety, “First, let me tell you a story.”  He motioned to a second man, who up until now had been standing silently in the corner of the room they occupied, “Martin, if you would be so good.  Please close the curtains and turn on the projector so that we can show Mr. Carver some of our holiday snaps.”
Now Carver could no longer contain his sense of annoyance.  He stood up, saying, “I think there has been some mistake.  I don’t really have time...”
Garnet silenced him with another wave of his arm, “Indulge an old man, please.  I will not take up too much of your precious time.  And I think that you will find the outcome to your personal benefit.”
Jake Carver sat down in his chair again, folded his arms in front of him, and crossed one leg over the other in a defiant pose, challenging Garnet to prove the sentiments of his words.  In response, Garnet smiled in a relaxed fashion, motioned to Martin for him to complete the task he had been assigned, and sat back, ready to enjoy the film show.
The photographs - taken on Garnet’s old Mamiya medium-format camera - were of the high standard you would expect from top quality equipment: crisp, clear and revealed a good eye, on the part of the photographer, for composition and content.  The images all showed the same building - the minaret of the aforementioned mosque - taken from a variety of vantage points, in different lights and in varying degree of detail.  Garnet solemnly clicked through each picture on the slide projector, allowing several seconds delay for perusal before moving on to the next photograph, occasionally interjecting a comment when he felt the need to highlight a particular aspect of the structure.  The minaret was indeed a fine piece of architectural ingenuity, Jake Carver was forced to admit, although quite what his prospective client’s obsession with it was, he was, as yet, unable to conjecture.
Carver was informed - although would not have been able to relate the same, since very little of the information that Garnet told him on this initial meeting he retained, not anticipating the relevance of any of the details - that the area originally covered by the ancient city of Samarra now formed one of the largest archaeological sites in the world, stretching for over 40 kilometres along the banks of the mighty Tigris River.
“The Abbasid period of history is a particularly fascinating one, I am sure you would agree?” said Garnet, not expecting - nor receiving - any response from Carver.  “I have researched it quite thoroughly since returning from Iraq.  While I was recovering in hospital, it gave me something to occupy myself, and Martin here, very kindly kept me supplied with textbooks.  I do not think that I would be incorrect to say that the Abbasid era is regarded as being the golden age of Muslim civilisation.”
Jake Carver scratched his brow and made to stand again, “Forgive me, sir, this is all very interesting...”
“I am boring you, I can tell.  You are a civil engineer, not a historian, right?”
“That is so.”
“You don’t see what relevance any of this has, am I right?  You came here to discuss a new building project, not mull over the aesthetics of an ancient one, correct?”
“That would just about sum up the situation, yes.”
Garnet pointed back towards the final photograph he had shown of the spiral minaret, the image still displayed on the white screen, the projector beside him still producing a background hum, like the sound of a thousand invisible insects in a jungle night, “The Malwiyya stands 52 metres high.  Very impressive for its day.  It is made entirely from baked bricks, and it is possible to reach the very summit of the tower by following the spiral walkway up and around the outside of the structure; possible to reach the summit even in a wheelchair.  Martin will tell you so.”
Martin nodded a weary affirmative, his memory of the particular day in Iraq one of pure physical exertion, where Garnet’s had been more of exhilaration.
Garnet continued talking to Carver, “What I want from you is to build the self same replica tower, only bigger.  Much bigger.  Over ten times bigger.”  Garnet had already anticipated Carver’s objection, “Yes, that would mean it would be the tallest building in the world.  That is my intention.  You will have Marcel Chin, I am sure that you have heard of him, as your architect, but, if you agree, you will be in charge of the actual construction.  I need a man that I can trust to get the work done, and everything that I have heard about you suggests that you are the man for the job.”
“I’m flattered, but...”
Garnet carried on speaking as though Carver had not said a word, “You’ll want to know where this new tower is going to be built.  Pyongyang.  North Korea as was.  Any problems with that?”
“No, I guess not.” 
The Wendelson steam roller was in full swing and would not have been halted by any negative responses should it have received any, “And I want the whole project finished by 1st May 2009.  What do you say, Mr. Carver?  Are you interested in being a part - a major part - of the most exciting construction venture so far envisaged for the twenty first century, or would you prefer to stand by and ponder that ‘it could have been me’?  I need your answer today.  Yes or no, what is it to be?”
It sounded as though Jake Carver had a choice in the matter, but as he was later to discover his fate had already been decided.  There was only one answer to the question.
“Yes.”
It was one word which was to pay him a sum greater than he could ever have imagined, and also to cost him a price dearer than he could ever repay.
Chapter Sixteen

During the middle years of the first decade of the twenty first century, when the passion for reclaiming the skies in terms of earthly constructions was at its peak, and when the idea of the world’s tallest building had once again captured the general public’s imagination, in a way that had not been the case since the Manhattan boom years of the 1930s, a semi-humorous coffee table book entitled Six Easy Steps to Constructing the World’s Tallest Building was the unexpected summer best-seller on both sides of the Atlantic, briefly propelling its author - a mild-mannered, jobbing architect, appropriately rejoicing under the name of Storey - into something of a minor celebrity, much to that individual’s obvious bewilderment and discomfort on the several occasions that he was asked to impart further words of wisdom to an eagerly expectant global public in front of  the television cameras.  Storey’s moment in the spotlight was familiarly all too brief, though: the latest Dilly Teesdale adventure - Dilly Teesdale and the Manticore’s Muse - was published in the autumn of the same year, and Storey was to witness both his sales and his star sink.  Five years on and his book - now remaindered - can only be purchased on-line at some of the bigger out-of-print book sites, and is largely forgotten even by the few enthusiastic original purchasers who still possess a copy tucked away in a deep shelf at the base of their bookcases, but that is not to say that the writing was without its merit and, as a brief overview of the hugely complex process of co-ordinating and constructing a massive building, it provides as clear and concise a ‘How to’ guide as has ever been written.  It is with the permission of the author and his publishers that the following extract from the introduction to Six Easy Steps has been reproduced herein.  The final, particularly apposite quote in the case of the Wendelson Building and its creator, is reproduced from the conclusion of the same book.

Step 1: The golden triumvirate: financier, architect and construction manager.
- Without the right people on board in the key decision-making positions your project is dead in the water before it has even begun.  Choose wisely, there will be times during the course of even the most well-planned construction project when the money man, the artist, and the builder will not all be singing from the same hymn sheet.

Step 2: Start digging.
- Before you can even think about starting to build up, first you must begin by digging down.  The foundations are what everything above will ultimately rest upon.  Sound foundations are the key to a solid building.  Excavation is a job not without its own pitfalls - good liaison is the key - find out beforehand where the gas pipes run; have plans of the local sewer networks; know where the metro tunnels are located.  In a nutshell: don’t dig until you are sure that it is just good old Mother Earth that you will be meeting beneath your next spade fall.

Step 3: Skeleton.
- Imposing as the steel framework of most modern buildings may appear, this aspect of the construction is often the quickest, most straightforward, and provided that the architect has done a good job, the least prone to hitches and delays.  Just imagine yourself as a big kid with a Meccano set and snap those girders into place.

Step 4: Skin
- Once the basic framework of the building is in place, it is then a simple task to hang the curtain walls to the outside of the structure.  Wrong!  This is the stage of construction where if there is going to be delay, budgetary overspends, and general disagreement, it will happen.  The curtain wall in most modern buildings is in no way responsible for bearing any of the loads of the overall structure, its purposes are insulation against the elements and to present a pleasing aesthetic face to the world at large.  This second factor is where most of the difficulties lie.  Make the mistake of thinking that civil engineering and art can mix together as smoothly as water and cement and you will come badly unstuck.

Step 5: Certificates.
- Your building is up.  Not too difficult was it?  Now you have to convince an army of bureaucrats that it is safe for habitation.

Step 6: Inauguration.
- Crack open the bubbly and admire the view from the highest floor in the world.

“Remember though, don’t allow yourself the luxury of daydreaming for too long.  You can be sure that no sooner have you built yourself the world’s tallest building, there is someone only a few bricks away from stealing your precious crown for himself.”
Chapter Seventeen

An unusual feature that was to come into the design of the Wendelson Building fairly late on in the time scale of the overall construction project was the rooftop waterfall.  It was Marcel Chin’s idea, and having had so much of the initial creative input for the structure taken away from him by Garnet’s precise first brief, it was a decorative feature of which he felt both rightly proud but also inordinately possessive.  To have such a major decorative feature only reveal itself so late on in a build is not without its precedents: the landmark golden globe which proudly sits atop the Al Faisaliah building in Riyadh was only added as an afterthought, when much of the rest of the structure had already been built to a specification which had not accounted for this massive new addition.  Chin’s concept was perhaps even more ambitious in its design.  Although only half the drop of Angel Falls in Venezuela, the artificial cascade that Chin was secretly hoping would be named after him, would find a place for itself fairly high up the list of world’s tallest waterfalls, and at 555 metres - the proposed final height of the rooftop of the Wendelson Building - would certainly be the highest man-made falls in the world, and only 100 feet short of Dudhsagar Falls, the tallest waterfall to be found anywhere on the Asian continent.
One difficulty that had to be overcome in respect of the descending torrent of water was just where the downpour would fall to earth: it is all perfectly fine for more than 100,000 cubic feet per second of water to carry itself over Niagara Falls when it has the expansive basin of the Niagara River to empty itself into, and fine for the Carrao River to drop almost a mile vertically over Angel Falls when it is surrounded by dense rain forest and has the myriad tributaries of the Gran Sabana to disperse into, but a city centre waterfall of grand dimensions had the potential for being a nuisance.  The problem was actually not as great had the Wendelson Building been located in a different position, but the building being constructed on Yanggak Island it was hoped that the greater part of the flow could be persuaded to spill directly into the Taedong River, something that appealed to the aesthetic sensibilities of Chin as much as it did to the practically-minded Carver.  A model of the proposed tower and cascade were tested under worst case scenario conditions of wind and weather, and although under extreme conditions there was the likelihood of pedestrians along both Otan Kangan Street and Chongbaek Esplanade receiving an unexpected soaking, and in particularly high winds even the wealthy theatre-goers at the Pyongyang Grand Theatre were not safe from a deluge, it was decided that this was a small price to pay for the opportunity of adding such a unique and characterful feature to the top of an already one-of-a-kind building.  Chin was delighted and, typically, was unable to disguise his enthusiasm and emotion.
“It will be a tour de force.  Chin Cascade.  It has a nice ring to it, do you not think, Garnet?”
Garnet was staring out of the window from his hotel suite, listening to the sound of the ship’s horns in the harbour, and reflecting upon the numerous changes he had witnessed in Pyongyang’s cityscape in the two years of his more-or-less permanent residence in the capital of New Korea, and particularly admiring the breathtaking spiral tower, which now dominated the southern approaches to the city, and which possessed his name: he had achieved his lifetime goal, all but for a few final papers to be signed, and some minor decorative details - of which he considered the rooftop waterfall to be one - to be completed.  He had built the tallest building in the world.  Despite the official day of inauguration - 1st May 2009, and the anniversary of its creator’s 78th birthday - still being two weeks away, the Wendelson Building was already cited in most of the authorised lists as the possessor of the accolade that Garnet had for so long craved.  The 450 metre mark of the Petronas Towers had been reached almost a year ago now, and then, little by little, the building had added on the extra footage, to first overcome the height of the Ostankino Tower in Moscow, then the unfinished Daniel Libeskind construction on the Ground Zero site, and finally, just in the last few weeks, with the addition of the sloping rooftop gallery and terrace, to supplant the position previously held by the CN Tower in Toronto, of being the tallest structure, of any kind, anywhere in the world.  Of course, it would not be until the official day of inauguration that any of the statistics would really count, but for Garnet the wonder was what stood before him: the beautiful bricks and mortar construction was a reality for all the world to see.
Distracted from his daydreaming, and wheeling his chair around in an arc, away from the view, Garnet was aware that Chin was still speaking, the Laotian’s voice even more obsequious than usual, “I was just wondering.  Inauguration is only a few days...”
“Thirteen,” Garnet corrected.
“Thirteen days away,” Chin continued, “And I am sure that you will be very busy on the actual day.  Guests to greet, that sort of thing, am I right?”
“What is it Marcel?” asked Garnet, impatiently.
“I was just wondering if I might be allowed to press the button, on the day, to turn on the first waters of Chin Cascade?  A ceremonial thing, you understand.  To mark my contribution to the whole project, if you like.  What do you think, Garnet?”
Garnet smiled thinly.  He enjoyed his position of power when he was able to either grant or deny a fellow human being’s wishes, particularly when - as was the case in this instance - the outcome of his decision was of no consequence to him in either case.  He imagined it must be something akin to how a high court judge feels upon passing sentence, or better still, a Roman emperor presiding at the Colosseum, his thumb poised: will it be up, or will it be down?  Garnet was perfectly happy to grant Chin his wish, but nevertheless he decided to string him along a bit; it would not do for the architect to get too big for his boots.  “Marcel, I think you already know that the whole schedule for 1st May has already been decided.  It has taken a great deal of planning on the part of a great number of people to insure that all the invited dignitaries are happy with their functions on the day.  I really do not think it will be possible to alter arrangements at this late date.”
“But...”
“And about that name, Chin Cascade, I don’t think that was ever officially agreed, was it?  I have been thinking about it again, and I have come to the conclusion that Lucille Falls, after my dear, late mother, would be more appropriate.  I am sure that you would agree?”
“But...”
Garnet waved a hand towards the speechless man, “Now I am sure that you have better things to be doing than standing here chatting to me.  It’s not what I am paying you for.  Besides, I want some time for myself.”  Garnet’s attitude softened somewhat as he saw the crestfallen expression on Chin’s face as he realised that he was being dismissed.  He fully intended to allow the architect to have both his watery creation named after himself and for the Laotian to be the one to commence the geyser on the day of inauguration, and he would inform him of such in a day or two, but for the moment he could not resist leaving the poor unfortunate in suspense.  “We’ll talk more about this next week, but for now, please leave me alone.” Garnet spun his wheelchair around, so that once again his back was presented towards Chin.  “Replace the ‘Do Not Disturb’ sign on the door on your way out.”
Left alone, Garnet’s thoughts did leap ahead to the proposed itinerary for the inauguration day of the Wendelson Building, the most important event of which was to be the ascent that he would make - ably assisted by the loyal Martin, who had been in intensive training for several months now - up the external, spiral ramp of the structure, culminating in him fixing a small, specially engraved plaque on a small monument on the roof of the building.  Garnet had envisaged this as a private moment, one for him to quietly celebrate his personal triumph, to be witnessed and shared only by his attendant Martin, whom he felt would have more than earned his place at this small moment of history, by the undoubted physical exertion it would cost him to manually propel a man and a wheelchair over a third of a mile into the sky.  It was a pleasing thought to know that - builders aside - he would be the first person to witness the view from the top of his new tower.  It was the case with most skyscrapers that the lower floors were already being tenanted, long before the final build was completed; in many cases it was a financial necessity that this was so, even to the point where the structure could not be completed without the income generated from the first rents having been received.  Garnet had been in the fortunate position of being able to build his tower as a purely philanthropic endeavour: none of the lower floors had been leased in advance of inauguration.  Indeed Garnet had made no attempt to encourage potential occupants: rather than a man with the tallest building in the world on his hands to fill, he was behaving more like the hermit who has one small spare bedroom which he keeps filled with junk to make sure he will not receive unwelcome guests.
At some point in the duration of his stay in Pyongyang Garnet had decided to organise the shipment of a few possessions from his Park Avenue apartment, in order to make the hotel suite feel rather more homely.  One item, which had rather bizarrely made the long journey across both the whole continental expanse of the United States and then the wide, watery wilderness of the Pacific Ocean was the portrait of Garnet’s father, Jacob Wendelson, although whether as a result of a specific request by the Wendelson heir, or purely a whim of the member of staff who maintained his New York abode, it was unclear.  The clear, blue eyes, continued to stare out from the canvas, still youthful and apparently unaffected by the passing decades, but Garnet had lined up the picture in such a way that their gaze would look directly across from the wall of his hotel room, out of the window opposite, to rest upon the building which he had constructed and which formed his legacy to the Wendelson name.  Garnet studied the eyes of his father minutely.  He no longer saw scorn reflected back in the brutal, long-familiar expression, but neither was he convinced that he saw pride yet either.
Chapter Eighteen

“Do you know what a Tom Collins is?”
Martin answered, his voice full of suspicion, wondering if this was a trick question of some kind on the part of his employer, “You mean the drink?”
“Yes.  What is it?  What’s it made from?”
“Gin, lemon juice, sugar, dash of soda water.  I couldn’t tell you the exact quantities, if you wanted to know.”  Martin was conscious that he was catching his breath as he said each word; the power of speech was proving difficult on top of his other exertions.  He was still mystified enough to ask, “Why do you want to know?  And why now of all times?”
“Oh, no reason,” said Garnet airily, waving an imperious hand backwards in the general direction of his carer, “It’s just one of those things that I have never known and have always thought that I should know, but have been too embarrassed to ask.  You know how it is, it is like when you greet someone in the street everyday without knowing their name, and then when you actually stop and get in conversation it is somehow too late to ask them.”
“And when have you ever greeted someone in the street,” said Martin, amused by the particular example that the old man should choose to illustrate his point.
“Now at my age, all those kind of silly embarrassments over etiquette or appearance, that would have had me blushing with shame when I was a young man, don’t really seem to matter anymore.  Just as well really.”
“You sound unusually pessimistic,” said Martin, “And on this day of all days, I would have thought that you would have been filled with all the joys in the world.”
“Fatalistic,” corrected Garnet.  “No, not really.  Realistic perhaps.”
They carried on their slow ascent in silence for several minutes, the one sitting in his wheelchair, hands folded in his lap, the other pushing the chair like an automaton, maintaining a steady, rhythmic forward progression.  It was Garnet who eventually spoke, “Do you know that quotation about an unexamined life?”
“Not being worth living.  Yes,” said Martin, “Socrates.”
“Quite so.  During more than half a century of life confined to this chair I have had plenty of opportunity for examining my life.”
“And has...”
“No, please, don’t interrupt me.”  Garnet continued, “By Socrates’ philosophy, I should be feeling especially blessed to have had so much time just to sit and to think.  I have often considered that it is what is wrong with the modern world today.  Not enough time just to think.  It should be a paid labour in its own right.  If I ran a company...”
“But...”  Martin could not resist the desire to interrupt in order to contradict his employer and to remind him that he was still the owner of one of the most successful corporations on the East Coast.
“Okay, I know.  Thinking doesn’t equate with a healthy balance sheet.  How much greater mankind could be, though, if it was given the freedom to use all of its own resources, rather than the knee jerk reaction which appears to be our most typical evolutionary driving force.  We are a race of passive reactors, ripe for the plucking by a hostile take-over.”
“By whom?”  Martin was intrigued by the direction that Garnet’s seemingly erratic conversation was taking.  He had seldom heard his employer talk about matters other than day-to-day routine; he was amused to discover that there might be a lurking spirituality in the old tycoon.
“The machine, of course.  Stands to reason.  The day of the carbon based life form is coming to end.  It will be the silicon chip that inherits the earth.”
Martin decided to play Devil’s advocate, “Isn’t that all a bit too much like science fiction, and old science fiction at that.  Even Star Trek...”
Garnet carried on as though he had not heard Martin, “Bill Gates would tell you that it has already happened.”  
The thought appeared to depress Garnet and his earlier loquaciousness vanished as quickly as it had appeared.  The only noise was the sound of Martin’s increasingly laboured breathing, and the occasional faint rattle as a gust of wind took out its angst on the darkened glass windows of the offices which faced out on to the spiral ramp.  Sixty storeys above the ground and the sounds of the earth and the city below were already negligible; the criss-cross pattern of roads, the cars and tiny people, and the boats cruising along the river, all part of a completely different world to this walkway to the heavens. 
Several circuits later and several hundred feet higher and this time it was Martin who felt compelled to speak, “Is that the plaque you are holding?”
Garnet instinctively looked down to the small object, wrapped in a thin layer of tissue paper, that he cradled on his lap, “Yes, that’s right.”
“Do you mind,” said Martin, slightly hesitantly, “if I ask what you finally decided to write.”
“On the plaque?”
“Yes.”
“Nothing fancy,” answered Garnet, “It says, ‘To commemorate the opening of the Wendelson Building by Garnet G. Wendelson this day of 1st May 2009’.”
“And you intend to fix it in place yourself?”
“That’s right.  The construction manager has shown me a photograph of the plinth it is to go on and the dimensions are apparently all correct.  I’ve got the four screws right here for the job.  You did pack a screwdriver in my pannier, like I instructed, didn’t you?”
“Don’t panic.  There’s one right here.”
“And you’ve got my camera to record the moment?”
Martin idly cast his gaze downwards to the city streets far below.  He murmured to himself, “Well if I didn’t, I’m damned if I’m going back now to collect it.”
In almost any other country in the world, the open air, spiral walkway, which wound its course up and around the outside of the Wendelson Building, would never have passed the necessary health and safety checks in order to gain a certificate of safety.  Despite its exterior makeover, New Korea still managed to cling to a few of the more ‘relaxed’ attitudes of its predecessor when it came to human considerations: life in New Korea was still valued fairly cheap, and the buildings’ inspector, with a phrase that could have come straight from a Juche textbook, such were its sentiments based on self-reliance, and which would have had the Great Leader smiling in his grave, proclaimed, “that it was the responsibility of the individual to ensure that they did not fall from any of the external decorative features of the Wendelson Building”.  The fact that ‘decorative features’ had come to include not only the spiral ramp, which stretched from ground level to the very summit of the building, 555 metres in the sky, but also the novel slanting terrace roof and viewing gallery, possibly had required a substantial exchange of casino chips in negotiations at some managerial level, but no amount of sordid speculation could take away the fact that the walkway, like the internal spirals of a nautilus shell, was a spectacular creation of wonder and beauty, which could have only been lessened by any concessions towards safety.  Garnet, the old aesthete, had won the day.  At some point in the design stage of the walkway it had been suggested that a system of electronic sensors and automatic barriers might possibly be installed, the idea being that should the sensor detect the presence of a large - or small - body, in a position considered too perilously close to the exposed sheer drop at the edge of the high ramp, then a protective barrier rose from its concealed position beneath the walkway preventing the object from placing itself in a position of further harm.  On paper the scheme looked achievable if expensive; in practice the idea proved unworkable and expensive.  After several trials, at a position on the walkway close to the ground, during which time the barriers either raised too slowly to prevent a potential fatality, or sprang up so rapidly that they would contribute to making their unwary perambulator lose their footing, the plan was scrapped entirely, in favour of the current unregulated ‘death slide’, as the pedestrian path was described by one international newspaper.  Garnet displayed typically little sympathy with the potential plight of future visitors to his building, having been quoted as saying, “If you don’t like it you can always take the elevator.”
Another circuit completed, and finding himself on the south side of the building, facing towards the larger expanse of Yanggak Island, the Yanggak Bridge and the railway line - the Wendelson Building having been constructed on the northern end of the island - Martin momentarily strayed away from the ‘racing line’ that he had been religiously maintaining - sticking as close as possible to the reassuring solidity of the building’s external wall - and edged towards the parapet of the ramp, in order to look directly down at the ground at the base of the massive tower.  An area of tastefully landscaped gardens framed a central piazza in front of the front entrance of the building, the main square looking ever more like a checkerboard of small white and black tiles the higher that Martin and Garnet climbed.  To the east of the gardens several white marquees had been assembled in order to accommodate the dining needs of the various invited guests on this inauguration day, the canvas tents looking like small, neat napkins orderly placed on a large, colourful dining cloth from the viewer’s lofty vantage point.  And beyond the marquees was a tiered platform of wooden seating, giving the impression of looking vaguely uncomfortable even from this great distance, so that the good and the great could enjoy the planned spectacle of a late-night fireworks display and the promised heroic acrobatics of a troupe of base jumpers who were intending to throw themselves off the top of the new building and parachute safely back down to earth.  The terracing also afforded a prime position from which to see the first flood gates open on the Chin Cascade.  Martin could already perceive that several of the seats were already occupied, even though the official speeches were not due to take place until later on in the afternoon.  Nothing better to do with their time, he imagined.  He pictured one or two of the seated dignitaries, binoculars focussed, attempting to follow the progress of his and Garnet’s assault on the outside of the building: even as he had the thought he noticed the brilliant glint of sunlight reflected off a trained lens from the direction of the wooden seats.  He waved nonchalantly at the seated specks, and wondered whether he would appear on television, presuming that the opening of the Wendelson Building was newsworthy enough to have media crews from around the globe assembled to capture the occasion on celluloid.  CNN were certain to be there.  Fox, too, no doubt.  He should have arranged for someone to video the event for him.  He hadn’t thought about it.  Then again, he didn’t have anyone that he could have asked.  Martin wondered who else might be present at the official reception.  Unusually, Garnet had kept the guest list a fairly closely-guarded secret and had not asked for Martin’s assistance with any of the administration to do with it.  The only person that he was fairly certain had been invited was Garnet’s American lawyer, Leyton Drisdale, as he had overheard a brief telephone exchange between the two of them only a few days beforehand, not that he had ever met the advocate, but he knew that Garnet thought favourably of the man.  There were rumours that there would be some fairly big name celebrities attending the event too, although in all his association with Garnet Wendelson, Martin was unsure just who he would have been either in a position to, or, more to the point, would have wanted to, invite to a day of such personal importance.
“Are you going to rest all day?  At this rate we shall never reach the top.”
Martin was brought back from his speculation by the aggrieved voice of his employer.  He answered, “It’s all right for you sitting in your wheelchair.  My legs are killing me.”  He regretted the words the instant that he had said them.  He didn’t fully manage to catch the words that Garnet said to himself sotto voce, but he knew his employer well enough to know that they would have been something like an ironic, “Poor you.”
The slow climb to the summit of the Wendelson Building continued in silence, the clear blue sky and warming sun quickly converting any quiet frigidity caused by Martin’s thoughtless words to an air of companionable calm.  Eventually Garnet said, “I’ve been thinking about changing my will.”
“Oh?”  Martin was unsure as to whether any input from him was to be required during this particular muse by his employer.
“I made it many years ago, after a particularly depressing phase of my life, and when I was not thinking particularly clearly.  Do you know how bitterness and disappointment can eat up a man?”
“I think so.”
“Well it was at a low point when I was all but consumed.  Things are different now.  I can’t remember how I must have been feeling to have authorised such a document.  I was a different man.  This,”  Garnet extended his arms in a show of embracing the white walls of his creation, “has changed everything, and yet it is ironic, really, because the very fact that this building has been completed is the simple trigger that validates that wicked will I made all those years ago.”
“Wicked?”  Martin was puzzled by the unusual choice of words.
“I can think of no other word for it.  Remind me, Martin, when we get back down to earth, that I must speak to Drisdale immediately.  I want to change my will, today, even, if it is possible.”
“Won’t you have other more important...”
“There is nothing more important.”  Garnet’s voice sounded particularly grave, “I should have done it long ago, and yet, with all the problems in the past, this...” again he pointed to his building, “...well, I just never thought that it would happen.”  
The final word caught in Garnet’s throat, and glancing down at the elderly, disabled man, who for so long he had wheeled before him, Martin realised that his employer was crying.  Martin looked away, embarrassed, and then realised that his own lip was quivering slightly with emotion and that he, too, was fighting back a welling tear.  He rubbed his own eye quickly and, his voice sounding artificially deep, said rather inadequately, “You must be very proud.”
Garnet wiped a sleeve across his own face, “Forgive me.  I don’t know what came over me.  How stupid.  Still, better that I blub to myself up here, than reveal any weakness to those suited sharks and idiots down there.”  He pointed towards the gathering crowds and TV crews far below.  “Do you believe in God?”
It was a question from out of the blue and, despite discovering Garnet’s apparent proclivity for philosophical discussion the higher the altitude he rose, it took Martin by surprise.  “I’m sorry?”
Fortunately it did not appear that Garnet was expecting to receive any kind of lucid answer.  He continued, “And the afterlife.  Do you believe in life after death?”
Martin attempted to derail the course of Garnet’s conversation, “What is it with you today?  You sound very morbid.”
“I don’t know.  Perhaps it is inevitable.  I am not a young man.  I had always seen this building as somehow being my monument to posterity.  All my adult life seems to have been spent working towards this day.  And now it is here?  I don’t know.  I suppose it has all just made me wonder what awaits me on the other side of today.”
“You mean tomorrow?”
Garnet realised that he was being gently mocked by his carer, “Yes, you are right, of course.  Life goes on like any other day.  I suppose I will enjoy the views from the top of my magnificent building and quietly disappear back into obscurity.”
“I doubt that,” said Martin, unconsciously lapsing into the habit of massaging his employer’s ego, still respectful of a master-servant relationship established many centuries before.
The pinnacle of their epic climb was now within sight: one more circuit of the building and Martin would be level with the corner of the sloping rooftop terrace, from where he would be able to push Garnet up the last few feet to allow him to sit beside the plinth on which he would screw his commemorative plaque, and in so doing add the final touch to the Wendelson Building.  The wind which had occasionally plagued them at moments during the ascent had now died away to a respectful breeze, and the sun was beating warm and bright from a cloudless, blue sky.  There would be other times, Martin imagined, when the city was shrouded in rain clouds and mist, when the top of the building would be completely obscured from the sight of people on the ground, and workers and residents on the higher floors would open their windows directly into the clouds, but today the weather could not have been more perfect.  
It was with the rooftop finally in sight, that Garnet returned to his earlier question, “You never did answer me.  Do you believe in God?  I realise now, Martin, that I actually know very little about you as a person, beyond being my legs that is.  What is it that you believe?  I have never noticed you asking for time off to go to church, but I suppose that doesn’t make anyone the lesser believer, does it?  Come on now, quickly, before we reach the top, tell me what is it that you keep faith with.”
For Martin it had always been a dilemma whether or not to reveal his faith in the Church of the Higher We.  He was as conscious as were all his fellow believers that an open admission was normally greeted with hoots of derision, if not outright ridicule and abuse.  Martin was particularly pleased that Garnet had apparently never suspected his religious inclination, most especially when, with the numerous aeroplane trips they had shared together, all of which Higher We doctrine demands are accompanied by a degree of ritual pantomime, his faith had passed unobserved.  Ironic really, that Garnet should say that he had never been to church, when for Martin, whose preferred place of worship was the airport terminal building, Garnet had been the principle conduit that had allowed him access to so many of these holy places in so many different countries around the world.  In Higher We circles, Martin was a global believer.  So, what should he say now to his employer, who had been so frank to him, during this climb that they had shared together?  It would be so easy just to say that he was an atheist, or a baptist, or name one of a numerous list of ‘off the peg’ religions, that had a readily available morality, code of conduct and belief system already predetermined, relieving the believer of the necessity of doing any spiritual soul searching for themselves, any of which would have left Garnet satisfied so that he could then pigeonhole that aspect of his attendant’s character into a small, neat box within his mind: or should he tell the truth?  Should he tell Garnet precisely what was required of a follower of the Church of the Higher We?
Interlude

I had come to something of a crisis point in my life, I don’t mind admitting it.  Not in the way that it perhaps happens for other people: I hadn’t just been dumped by my boyfriend; I hadn’t suddenly lost my job; indeed, viewed purely superficially, from the outside, I am sure that I would have appeared to most people, not entirely unlike so many of the other young, successful, independent-minded, beautiful, business women who donned their Armani and Donna Karan suits each morning and disappeared into one of the many buildings that make up the financial metropolis of Wall Street.  I had plenty of friends; I had a great apartment; I had more money than I could spend in an average week: I was twenty-six.  Life should have been great.  But there was something missing.  I have heard cases of people who have committed suicide at a young age, not because there was anything so very wrong with their lives, but precisely because they had achieved so much and realised all of their early dreams, that there appeared to be nothing left that was worth attaining: without a goal there is nothing left to live for.  I can not profess to having reached quite such a low point of despair that I ever considered taking my own life, but, at the same time, it would be immodest of me not to admit that I had been sufficiently successful in the pursuit of my own career and life-plan, that I could identify, to some degree, with the way in which these fellow travellers must have felt.  If I wished to consider myself purely as a material girl, then both my closet and my bank account were full.  So why didn’t I wake up each morning feeling full of life, excited at the prospect of what the new day would bring?  It was a question I had been asking myself for several months, and not finding any satisfactory answers.
In the end it was my analyst who came up with a suggestion which justified the exorbitant amount of money I had been paying him for the past three years: bored of hearing my “rich girl” angst, and tired of reminding me that “he was only paid to listen, not to offer any advice”, he eventually departed from this personal maxim and suggested that I should “discover religion”, adding that it was a “kill or cure” solution.  It was apparently a suggestion that he had exercised on others before me, since when I expressed curiosity at the idea, he momentarily withdrew to an adjoining room, returning carrying a large, plastic container, literally overflowing with business cards, handbills, leaflets, and assorted other scraps of paper.  “Delve in,” he said.  “Lucky dip, take your pick.  Take two, three.  If you don’t like the first, perhaps the next will be more suitable.”  I felt like a child being offered a bowl of sweets, not knowing how many I should take without appearing ill-mannered.  I remember leaving his office that fateful morning, carrying four tickets to a potential new life.  I recall trying to book up my next routine appointment with his receptionist on the way out - in the same way that I had done every fortnight for so long - but when she noticed the leaflets I was carrying she simply said, “You won’t be back” and she was right.
I read the pamphlet distributed by the local branch of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter Day Saints from cover to cover on the metro on the way home, and happily left it on my seat on the train when I got off: it all sounded very worthy but I couldn’t help but read between the lines and think that somehow women were getting a rather raw deal here.  I remembered, once, long before, being stopped in the street, by two fresh-faced, smartly suited, young men who introduced themselves as the Elders Simpson and McVie, just arrived from Seattle, and eager to make me their friend and introduce me to the ways of Mormon worship.  It was a time when I was still naive and aspiring, and I told them where to go in no uncertain terms, as I’m sure did the vast majority of my fellow citizens, witness the expressions of dejection on the same two faces when I bumped into them again only two weeks later: Elder McVie’s wide, innocent face had broken out in a multitude of angry-looking spots, and Elder Simpson looked as though he was regretting ever leaving the west coast for this hostile enclave in the east.  The way of the Latter Day Saints appeared to require a greater deal of commitment on the part of its followers than I was currently prepared to put in - it was quick fix religion that I was after, not a lifetime of futile proselytising.  Similarly, I discarded a flyer which I am assuming was promoting a particular branch of Islam: the text was entirely written in Arabic, except for a telephone number at the bottom of the sheet in Roman script, and I freely admit that I felt too nervous to dial the quoted number.  Which left just two alternatives.  Of these two, the most instantly appealing was the colourful, A5 leaflet welcoming new members to join a class of exercise and meditation, brought together under a general banner heading of Falun Dafa, or was it Falun Gong, I am afraid that I never did quite grasp the distinction between the two terms.  I learnt that Falun Dafa had been introduced to the world in May 1992 and that its founder and chief teacher was Mr. Li Hongzhi, a presentable and honest-looking businessman, judging by nothing more than his small photograph which appeared in the bottom right-hand corner of the promotional pamphlet.  The text went on to proudly proclaim that over 100 million practitioners in over 40 different countries had discovered Falun Dafa since its establishment - impressive stuff, I thought - and a regular gathering of a Downtown branch of Falun Dafa took place in Roosevelt Park, only a stone’s throw away from my own apartment.  If I ever believed in divine providence it was then: this seemed like too much of a coincidence to be true.  
I have perhaps slightly inaccurately misrepresented my susceptibility to a religious conversion at this stage, re-reading my words it sounds as though I was pro-actively seeking for some kind of enlightenment and desperately searching in the spiritual wilderness, happy to be guided by any promise of direction that was offered to me, when if anything the reverse was actually the case.  At this time, I would have felt greater satisfaction in dismissing all of the literature I had acquired at my analyst’s office as so much waste paper, and returning doggedly to my regular appointments.  Despite the happy shining faces that smiled out at me from each leaflet and the promise of being able to join their jovial throng for nothing in return but a simple acquiescence, nevertheless I scrutinised the text of each tract minutely, sceptical and willing myself to be able to discover the fatal flaw in their philosophy.  I like to think that I approached each new religion presented to me in the same, rigorous fashion that I would consider a new business plan, with a keen eye on the cost benefit balance for each proposal.  With Falun Dafa I could find no obvious downside.  They appeared to offer an approach to life that was designed to improve the physical well-being of the individual and at the same time light the way to a mental enlightenment, for a very modest return on the part of the follower, who was required to do just a few simple, regular exercises and read a few books written by Mr. Li.  The cost benefit analysis was very good.  The accessibility was good too.  But I was left with just one nagging doubt, accompanied by a mental image of Groucho Marx smoking his fat cigar and saying, “I don’t care to belong to any club that will have me as a member”, and I think that was the crux of my anxiety, it did not feel very ‘special’ - for want of a better word - to belong to a religion that already had 100 million followers: it seemed rather like buying a High Street suit, when what I really wanted was a specially tailored jacket, made to fit just me.  I had not given enough thought, at this stage, to what it was, exactly, that I required from my religion, and I think - I’m quite sure more to my cost than to theirs - that my path to Falun Dafa was muddied by this indecision and ignorance on my part.  Even later on, when I had had an opportunity to research my subject more thoroughly, and had discovered that Fulan Dafa was considered a major subversive influence in mainland China purely because of the level of popular support it attracted, a fact which unreasonably excited me and drew me towards the practice in a way that no amount of positive propaganda could possibly have achieved, unfortunately the harm had already been done: I had already turned my back on Fulan Dafa.  My final picking from my shrink’s religions’ ‘pick an’ mix’ was a small business card, with a simple logo of a soaring bird on one side, and the easily memorable anthem, “We can all learn to fly together” above a Manhattan district area code telephone number on the other.  I liked the picture of the bird, and so put the card in my wallet, fully expecting to forget all about it.
Several days passed, my life continued as it always had, the seemingly endless treadmill of wake, work, play and sleep; and everything was perfectly fine, and yet then again nothing was quite fine at all.  I know it sounds like I was the classic example of the poor little rich girl, the spoilt child who possessed everything and yet still wasn’t content, and I am totally aware that in comparison to some people’s lives I had it very easy, but this kind of rational thought was not the answer to my current modern urban malaise.  It was while paying for a mocha lite frappuccino in my local Starbucks that I noticed the card with the bird emblem once again.  There was a pay-phone across the street from the coffee shop: I made the call there and then.  I had had a chance to think about what it was that was missing from my life, and also to consider what it was that I wanted out of any religion that I chose.  The kindly voice I spoke to that day, at the other end of the phone line, reassured me that at the Church of the Higher We I had found a perfect match.
Religion as a crutch?  It is an old chestnut, isn’t it?  Problems in your personal life, difficulties to face on the road ahead, the world all seeming a little too terrifying, and what happens?  Wham!  Out of the blue, you discover religion, and it makes everything better again.  The responsibility for your problems no longer lies with you, it is conveniently taken away, because it is now God’s will, or it is Allah’s way, or it is because Mr Li. says so.  Fantastic.  And also phoney?  I am not here to judge, all I can say is that for me and Higher We it was not like that.  It may be true that I needed some kind of a crutch, but Higher We did not just hand it out to me indiscriminately: if I may be allowed to extend my analogy, I consider that Higher We provided me with the timber and the nails and a book on practical carpentry, and so gave me the tools to build my own crutch for myself.
Let me tell you a little bit about what the Church of the Higher We is all about, and specifically how it helped me come to terms with all the mental anomalies of the modern world which, without me being aware of it, were the causes of my unhappiness.  The Church of the Higher We - or the aeroplane religion, as some of its followers describe it - combines elements of routine and security - important tenets of most people’s everyday life, I am sure you would agree - with an aspect of ‘visible’ faith, which is largely missing from so many Western city-dweller’s lives.  The distinction between ‘visible’ faith  and ‘blind’ faith - the term by which Higher We members describe most conventional religious belief - is important and is worthy of further description.  The kind of faith that the Church of the Higher We is concerned with is the everyday faith which surrounds us in our ordinary lives, but which we largely take for granted - it is the faith that when we go to sleep we are actually going to wake up the next morning; the faith that when we put an electric plug in a socket in the wall that the TV will actually come on; the faith that when we drink a glass of water from the tap it will be pure(ish) and that it will not kill us; and perhaps most specifically, it is the faith that aeroplanes fly.  
The aeroplane is one of the most powerful symbols of the modern, technological world.  The majority of people in the larger, industrial countries will have travelled on board an aircraft at least once in their lifetime, many will have travelled on numerous occasions, thinking no more of each journey than their forebears would have thought about a simple stroll around their own neighbourhood.  Mechanically, every part of every aircraft has been designed to a precise specification; scientifically, the principles and dynamics of power-assisted flight are well-documented and relatively simple to understand even for the layman, but nevertheless, no amount of rational comprehension can take away the sense of awe and suspension of belief when one looks up towards the heavens and sees a soaring passenger jet flying high overhead.  Who needs to complicate their lives with the invention of additional unproven deities when there is a real-life, metallic God cruising past every few minutes at seven hundred miles per hour?

(Extract from the introduction of We Can All Fly Together: How The Church of the Higher We Changed My Life by Amanda de Boek.)
Chapter Nineteen

The Pyongyang police report on the death of Garnet G. Wendelson makes for confusing reading; a jumbled file of witness statements and forensic reports offer conflicting evidence as to the manner of the multi-millionaire’s end.  CCTV images of the ancient wheelchair and its familiar occupant’s plunge from the rooftop of his own newly constructed building, on the very day of its inauguration, in front of a massed and horrified crowd of international VIPs, make for morbidly fascinating, compulsive viewing, but do not throw any light on the as yet unexplained events which led up to the great man’s death dive.  The written testimony of the one, genuine eye-witness to the tragedy remains enigmatically incomplete, although whether some documents have been removed from the police files subsequent to the end of the criminal investigation, or whether the full account was never admitted in the first instance, will perhaps always be shrouded in mystery.  The statement of that key eye-witness - Martin Meek - Mr. Wendelson’s carer, at the time of his death, is reproduced in full below, with only one or two minor embellishments for the sake of clarity and continuity of reading.

I was exhausted by the time we eventually reached the roof of the building, understandable if you consider that I had scaled the equivalent of a minor Lake District mountain, whilst all the time pushing a conveyance as unwieldy as the worst of supermarket trolleys.  I remember climbing Haystacks in the Western Fells when quite a small child, and standing at the summit looking down upon calm Inominate Tarn, where the great man of the Lakes Alfred Wainwright’s ashes were scattered, and thinking, at the time, what a tremendous height I had achieved, and then realising that I had actually scaled an equivalent vertical height, by walking in eternally reducing concentric circles, up, up, up the outside of the Wendelson Building in Pyongyang.  It was perhaps not such a picturesque walk as that in my childhood memory, but the feeling upon reaching the summit was no the less exhilarating for that.  I could tell that Mr. Wendelson was equally excited, more so, I think, although it was rare for him to display any great emotion.
I do not know if you have seen the roof of the Wendelson Building?  No. Well it is quite something to behold.  Whether you gain access to the rooftop by the pedestrian walkway, as we had, or by the express lifts, which will surely be the method the majority of the future visiting public will prefer, you arrive on the circular roof terrace at approximately its most southerly point.  You  also arrive at the highest point of the roof, and thereby the whole building, since the viewing terrace slopes away very gently - although nevertheless at a sufficient degree to be perceivable, and to my mind slightly disorientating - from this point, affording a wider view, to more spectators, of the broad sweep of the river to the north, and the numerous monuments and epic buildings of the city centre.  The actual area designated as a public viewing platform only extends to approximately halfway across the total expanse; the remainder of the roof is a shallow pond of water, pumped up continuously from the river below, and culminating in the spout of the Chin Cascade.  The pool is actually something of a visual illusion.  At first appearance it seems as though there are no barriers to corral the water; nothing to prevent the pond from draining away off the sides of the building, but this is not actually the case and I think this may be an important point, if there is still any suspicion that Mr. Wendelson’s death may have been an accident.  There is, in actual fact, a low, reinforced Perspex wall around the complete northern circumference of the roof, made effectively invisible where the water of the pool laps against it - the viewing terrace itself is, of course, protected by a similar, although considerably taller, barrier.  This low transparent lip that confines the water of the pool would be no defence against a vertically upright man from toppling to his death, should he have the inclination, but it would prove to be a sufficiently impassable obstacle for someone confined to a wheelchair to hopefully dispel any suggestion that Mr. Wendelson’s death was anything other than a deliberate act.  But I am getting ahead of myself.  The first sign that something was not quite right came when we arrived at the rooftop monument.
Our reason for journeying to the roof of the building, as well as being ceremonial, did have a genuine purpose.  Mr. Wendelson was planning to attach a plaque - the finishing touch, he called it - to a plinth on a small dais, that was located in the centre of the viewing terrace.  He showed me the plaque during the walk up, well no, actually now I come to think about it, he didn’t actually show it to me, but he told me what he had had inscribed on the plaque.  What were his words?  ‘In commemoration of the opening of the Wendelson Building by Garnet G. Wendelson on 1st May 2009’, something like that, you know the kind of thing.  It wasn’t very large, perhaps twelve inches by nine inches, a small brass plaque that could be fastened on by simple screws.  Personally, I had my doubts how long it would remain in place once the public were allowed access to the roof, it sounded just the sort of thing that some opportunist would remove as a souvenir of their visit, but then was not the day for voicing minor concerns.  I know that Garnet - Mr. Wendelson - was very proud to be able to complete this last, small corner of his building.  I think that perhaps if he had been a younger, more physically able man, he would have wanted to have been more hands-on with the whole construction, but his disability, of course, made this impossible, so to be able to fix the final plaque to its plinth was a genuine big deal for him.  Anyhow, I knew that something was not quite right as soon as I started to wheel him across the terrace.  The small monument was directly ahead of us, and the view beyond, where the roof sloped away, was truly breathtaking.  I don’t know if I mentioned before but the weather could not have been better that day, well you’ll know that of course, but the sky was blue and the sun was beating bright, and what we both noticed, was the way the sunlight was reflected off a metal panel that had already been fixed to Mr. Wendelson’s plinth.  I heard Mr. Wendelson curse when he saw it, but it took me a few more moments to realise the implication of what we saw: someone had beaten us to it, and had already fastened the final shiny brass plaque to the stone base.  Mr. Wendelson was furious, cursing the construction manager, cursing Chin, the architect, saying that he had given clear instructions that he intended to complete this task personally.  All this time, I was still wheeling him towards the dais, attempting to placate him, saying that we would remove the plaque and replace it with the one he had brought with him, but it was clear that the moment had been spoilt for him.  The real shock came, though, when we stood next to the small monument and could read the inscription in place.  You’ll have seen it, of course.  I think I am accurate in saying that Mr. Wendelson’s surprise was no less than my own when we read at the same time, ‘To commemorate the suicide of Garnet G. Wendelson from the roof of the Wendelson Building this day of 1st May 2009’.  And that, as I have told you before, is the last thing that I remember before waking up in the back of the ambulance.

A further witness statement contained within the police files which, from our point of view, rather neatly dovetails with Martin Meek’s account, takes up the events of 1st May 2009 from the point where Mr. Meek is unable to supply any further information.  Leyton Drisdale, Mr. Wendelson’s lawyer and also executor of his will was one of the many stunned onlookers on the ground, who looked on in amazement as the wheelchair and its disabled occupant plunged to earth.  Mr. Drisdale’s statement is clear and precise, as is befitting of someone in his profession.

I had arrived in Pyongyang the day before the inauguration and although I had managed to speak to Garnet Wendelson briefly on the telephone that evening, he had been too busy with preparations for the following day to be able to meet me.  On the day in question, I had arrived early at the reception point, hoping to be able to catch a word with Garnet before the formalities began, but I was informed that he was already engaged in a personal ascent to the roof of the new building, and that he would not be available until later on that day.  There was little else for me to do but accept the situation and enjoy myself as best I could.  In actual fact, it was a perfectly pleasant morning: a lot of guests had been in the same situation as me and had turned up early, but the caterers had foreseen this eventuality and a steady supply of food and drink was forthcoming; the weather was good, the gardens surrounding the new building provided a conducive environment for whiling away several relaxing hours; there was the promise of some entertainment later on - I understood that there was to be a demonstration of Le Parkour, no doubt by a mad Frenchman, across the rooftops of the buildings at the base of the Wendelson Building, and that a group of abseilers were planning to lower themselves from the fifteenth floor viewing platform - all in all, the day held the promise of being interesting, and recognising that I was only a minor league player amongst the invited company, and having no official involvement in the day’s events, I was looking forward to switching off from thoughts of business, having a few glasses of good champagne, and enjoying myself.  Approaching midday, I remember talking to a local manager of a hotel chain, who had been following Garnet and his carer’s progress up the spiral walkway, through a pair of powerful binoculars.  He offered me the lenses briefly and, after a readjustment of the focus, and several seconds of trying to pick out my quarry amidst the vast expanse of white walls and dark windows, I was able to see clearly the features of the man for whom this building was a realisation of a long-standing dream.  For a moment I thought I actually saw a tear roll down his cheek, but my hands could not hold the binoculars steady enough to be sure, and when I lost the position of the two climbers altogether, I returned the instrument to their owner.
It was pure chance that I should happen to be looking in the right direction when the main entertainment of the inauguration day occurred.  I apologise for sounding flippant, but there can be no argument that if Garnet had wanted to have a spectacular stunt to mark the opening of his building, something that would ensure that the Wendelson Building and its owner would be remembered for ever more, he couldn’t have come up with anything better.  I realise that you are only interested in the facts, but I knew the man, and I can’t help but offer an opinion, and it is my view that Garnet Wendelson’s death is a case of suicide, plain and simple; it would have been entirely in keeping with everything I know about the man.  The pursuit of building the tallest building in the world was his whole life, once that objective had been achieved there was nothing else to live for.
The first sign that something unusual was about to happen was the sound of what I first thought was an approaching rain storm.  My head was not the only one to turn in the direction of the river at the sound of the water, and it was then that I saw that the waterfall that I had understood was to be switched on later that evening was actually in full flow; a powerful chute of water spurting from, I presume, the very top of the building - it was impossible to see the exact point of origin - out in a wide arc so that the droplets fell to earth in a wide crescent across almost the complete width of the Taedong River.  The effect was more like that of an inverted fountain than of a genuine cascade, but it was nonetheless a magnificent spectacle.  There were exclamations of surprise all around me, but they were nothing to the cries of horror which followed.  I wasn’t the first to spot him: I just remember someone pointing upwards and screaming, and even then, attempting to follow the direction of the spectator’s gaze, it must have taken me several seconds before I noticed the falling object.  It was the wheelchair that I recognised first, and then the crumpled figure falling almost alongside it, looking more like a rag doll than a human being, still so high up that it was little more than a black dot against the vast structure.
I knew it was Garnet instantly, don’t ask me how, I mean, I know the wheelchair was something of a giveaway, but it was more than that.  It was just so entirely the kind of thing he would do.  Perhaps I had even half been expecting him to do something like this.  Perhaps that was why I had been particularly anxious to see him the night before.  Perhaps I could have persuaded him to change his will if only I had seen him.  I keep asking myself these questions now, but, of course, it is so easy to be wise after the event.  Not that it matters now.  And realistically, I don’t think he would have listened to me even if we had had the opportunity to meet: he was a stubborn man; the damage had already been done, long ago.

The only newspaper report that was filed alongside the other dossiers was a brief article that had appeared in the Washington Post the day after the tragedy.  Representing the major, daily newspapers from Garnet’s homeland, it was only the correspondent from the Washington Post who had been officially invited to the inauguration day ceremonies; the New York papers having been deliberately snubbed by Garnet, who had still harboured a grudge about the negative way they had reported his attempts to build his first skyscraper beside the Hudson River more than thirty years beforehand.

International News: Pyongyang

The reclusive multi-millionaire* Garnet G. Wendelson has fallen to his death from the roof of his own building on the day of its inauguration.  The Wendelson Building, at 555 metres the tallest building in the world, has been acclaimed as a wonder of modern construction engineering.  Wendelson’s death and a related attack upon his male nurse are being treated by the local police force as suspicious assaults by person or persons unknown.
Part Two: Beloved Immortality

Chapter Twenty

Leyton Drisdale leaned forward in order to move the Montblanc fountain pen on his desk two inches to the right and then sank back again into the sumptuous embrace of his reclining leather chair to continue listening to his companion.  He was a meticulous man and the aesthetically-displeasing position of the pen had been annoying him for some number of minutes, so much so that he had been unable to concentrate on the torrent of words that had been streaming forth, undammed and unchecked, from his client.  Now that the pen had been returned to its rightful location, and he was once again able to achieve the peace of mind which comes from the simple harmony of familiar objects, he was able to give the speaker his full attention.  It proved to be good timing: an important question was being asked of him.
“So you have no idea who this woman Medea is?”
“No, none whatsoever,” answered Drisdale.
“Except that she intends to kill me?”
“Yes, except that,” Drisdale agreed.
The framed picture on the wall, to the right above his client’s head, appeared to be slightly skew-whiff.  Strange that he hadn’t noticed before.  Either that or the man in front of him was sitting with his head cocked, throwing out the natural symmetry of the room.  As a construction engineer, Drisdale would have expected him to have had more perception about such matters: just as well he had not been consulted in any matters regarding the design of Drisdale’s own office suite.  Although it could not be denied that he had worked marvels with the Wendelson Building: everyone had said so.
“And this is the same woman who killed Marcel Chin?”
“It would seem logical to assume so,” confirmed Drisdale.
“Any ideas why?”
Drisdale scratched the side of his head before answering the question.  “I think that it might be a case of Posnik’s Syndrome?”
“And in English that is?”
“Posnik was the architect of St Basil’s Cathedral in Moscow.  Legend has it that Ivan the Terrible ordered him to be blinded so that he would never be able to replicate his design for anyone else or build another structure so beautiful.”
“I see.”
A momentary silence descended on the austere room, both occupants apparently lost in quiet consideration of the analogy that Drisdale had drawn.  Indeed, this might have been an entirely verisimilitudinous assessment of the reason behind Jake Carver’s sudden loss of loquaciousness but, as for Drisdale, the actuality was that he was desperately racking his brains trying to recall the opening lyrics to the Bob Dylan song, All Along the Watchtower, for no other good reason than that he had heard the tail end of the song on some passing stranger’s car’s CD player that morning, and he couldn’t get the ear worm out of his head.  Oh, it was so annoying, he knew the words were so familiar, and yet they just wouldn’t come to him.  He would kick himself as soon as he heard them: if only he could be allowed a few minutes quiet reflection he was sure that the lyrics would come back to him.  
Carver interrupted Drisdale’s meditation, “I suppose there is no question that this will is actually legal?”
“I’m sorry?”
“I was asking...”
No, it was no good.  He was going to have to ask.  He simply wasn’t going to be able to get through the rest of this meeting without knowing.
“What’s the opening line to All Along the Watchtower?”  Drisdale blurted out, interrupting Carver’s repeated question.
Carver looked at him as though he were a madman.  “Excuse me?”
“I’m sorry.  I just have to know.”
“I was in the middle of asking...”
“I know.  I really am sorry.  I just have to know.”
“There must be some way out of here,” supplied Carver, looking annoyed, his teeth clenched, behind thin, angry lips.
Drisdale clicked his fingers together and breathed a heartfelt sigh of relief, “Of course.  How could I not remember.”  He suddenly sang in a passable imitation of the master’s deepest growl, “There must be some way of out of here, said the joker to the thief.”  He looked pleased with himself, his head nodding in time to the song, as he continued, “There’s too much confusion, I can’t get no relief.”
“If you’re finished, perhaps we can return to the matter in hand,’ said Carver, controlling his voice admirably, not allowing the annoyance he was feeling to exhibit itself.  “This may not be so important for you, but for me it appears to be a question of life and death.”
“For me too,” said Drisdale under his breath.
“What was that?” Carver asked suspiciously.
“I said, for me too,” Drisdale repeated, more audibly.  He removed the reading glasses that he habitually wore when at work, and rubbed a hand across tired eyes.  It had been a manic four weeks since Garnet Wendelson’s death, with the prospect of ‘much confusion’ and ‘no relief’ in the foreseeable future too, “I’m sorry,” apologised Drisdale, his professional manner reinstated again, “I haven’t explained the totality of Mr. Wendelson’s final bequests.  Perhaps when I do, the situation will appear a little clearer to you.  Before I start, though, I would like someone else to sit in on our discussion, if you have no objections, of course?”
“Who?”
“Martin Meek, Mr. Wendelson’s...”
“I know who Meek is.  What do you think, I’ve had my head stuck in the sand this last month?  How could I fail to know...”
“And do you have any...?”
“Objections?  I should say I do.  The police still don’t seem to be sure that he didn’t do for the old man himself.  As far as I am concerned he could very well be the miserable bastard who has landed me in this sorry mess.”
“I was only hoping that he could throw some light on Mr. Wendelson’s state of mind...”
“State of mind!”  The expression only served to further inflame Jake Carver’s barely controlled temper.  “I can tell you everything you might need to know about his state of mind.  He was quite clearly as mad as the proverbial hatter.  Out of his tree.  Off his log.  I can find plenty more descriptions for you if you want, but they all add up to exactly the same conclusion.  The old man was barking at the moon.”
“Mr. Meek tells me that he was planning to change his will.”
The big construction engineer slumped back in his chair, clasping his head, “Well that’s just great,” he said, sarcastically, “And what good does that do me?  Zilch.  Nix.  A big fat zero.”  Carver relented, the fight apparently knocked out of him: like Drisdale he was mentally and physically exhausted by the bizarre course of recent events.  “Okay, bring him in.  What does it matter now, anyway.”
Leyton Drisdale leant low over an intercom system fixed on top of his desk, and pushing a button, breathed into it, “Carol, perhaps you would have Mr. Meek step inside.”  While he and Carver waited for the new arrival, Drisdale found himself unconsciously humming to himself the rest of the words to the Dylan song.
No reason to get excited, the thief, he kindly spoke,
There are many here among us who feel that life is but a joke.
But you and I, we’ve been through that, and this is not our fate,
So let us not talk falsely now, the hour is getting late.
A hesitant knock at the door, followed swiftly by the sight of Martin Meek’s bandaged head, did not allow the lawyer to reach the end of the song.  Drisdale extended an arm, not as an invitation to shake hands, but to indicate for Meek to take a seat next to where Jake Carver was currently sunk, one long leg hanging over the arm of his chair.  When Martin had settled himself in the particular receptacle, Drisdale said, “Now if we are all sitting comfortably, perhaps I can begin.”

••••••••••

Leyton Drisdale’s ensuing monologue recalled the fateful fishing trip that he and Garnet had taken all those years before: despite the intervening passage of time, the events of that week were still clear in his mind, conscious as he was, that they constituted the most serious professional error of judgement on his part of his now long, and relatively illustrious, career.  He had been young at the time, he attempted to justify to himself, a high flyer earmarked for the top, perhaps a little too eager to lean that extra inch backwards in order to satisfy the unorthodox whims of an influential client, and there could be no doubting that that was exactly what Garnet Wendelson had been: a rich meal ticket to success.  Besides, what else could he have done?  Garnet Wendelson was the man who wielded all the power: he would have found a way to achieve his crazy wishes, whether he, Drisdale, had assisted him or not.
“So to summarise the main content of the will,” Drisdale said, “The freehold of the Wendelson Building which, in purely monetary terms, was by far and away Mr. Wendelson’s greatest asset at the time of his death, plus the two refineries in the Carolinas, including all of the current outstanding business, goodwill, machinery, etc., the New York apartment, and properties on Rhode Island, in the Hamptons and Atlantic City, and, of course, the greater quantity of his capital, excluding one or two minor bequests which I will come to later, will all transfer to you, Mr. Jake Carver.”
The statement was not news to anyone seated around Drisdale’s desk and so there were none of the surprised gasps and indignant exclamations that seem traditionally to accompany the reading of such a controversial last will and testament.  Martin Meek nodded his head, slowly, as though in deep thought, although with the white bandage which concealed his recent injury still wrapped around most of his hair like a makeshift turban, he also gave the impression of a heavily tranquillised patient let loose for the day from his mental ward, rocking back and forth, in blissful and complete ignorance of his present surroundings.  The biggest beneficiary of the document that Drisdale still held, had his arms folded behind the back of his head, his eyes closed, staring unseeingly up towards the ceiling.  It was Carver though who broke the uneasy silence.
“And the proviso.  You haven’t mentioned the big proviso.”  His voice exhibited the boredom of one who already knows the answer to a question asked.  The reading of Garnet Wendelson’s will was a formality that had to be observed, but the contents had been too inflammatory - not to mention potentially fatal - to remain undisclosed until now.
Leyton Drisdale resumed his oration, “The provision upon Mr. Carver inheriting the greater part of Mr. Wendelson’s fortune is that the Wendelson Building must remain the tallest building in the world in perpetuity.”
This was new information for Martin Meek.  He stopped his rhythmic rocking and asked innocently, “But aren’t there already plans for a new tall tower in Jakarta?”
Carver laughed harshly, swinging his arms down from their former position of repose, such that he was now leaning forward in his chair, his knees almost touching the wooden desk in front of him.  “Plans?  It’s already more than three quarters built.  Completed before the middle of next year.  Then there is another going up in Caracas, and two more planned in Shanghai, not to mention the countless other structures which are currently just dreams in ambitious architects’ minds.  As Garnet himself knew only too well, the desire to build ever higher, well, it’s like the need to run quicker, to break new world records, or to fly around the world faster, it doesn’t just stop when you reach a certain mark.  It may seem at a particular moment in time, that there is a natural limit beyond which further progress is impossible, but when you reach that limit, it is only human nature to want to go one step beyond.”
“So,” Martin asked, ‘What does this mean in terms of your inheritance?  And why did Mr. Wendelson choose to leave all of his money to you, in any case?  I don’t understand it.  He hardly knew you.”
Leyton Drisdale intervened, “If you will let me finish, we are coming to that point.”
“Mr. Carver was not actually mentioned by name in Mr. Wendelson’s will, indeed they would not even have known of the existence of one another at the time that Mr. Wendelson made his wishes known.  The money was to be left to the construction manager who completed work on a building, which was to bear Wendelson’s own name, and which would allow him to stand higher in the sky than on any other manmade earthly structure.”
“Was that the exact wording of the will?”
“More or less.  I remember that it took quite a lot of ironing out, so that there could be no dispute about the identity of the future intended individual.  And it is my opinion that Mr. Carver is the man who fits Mr. Wendelson’s criteria.”
“Lucky me,” said Carver sarcastically.
“But why?” Martin persisted.  “I still don’t understand.  As a great big thank you for building his blessed building?  It’s a bit excessive, isn’t it?  Wasn’t the agreed salary sufficient?  I don’t want to be seen to be mealy-mouthed here, but I worked for the man for ten years.  Put up with his tantrums, his demands, nursed him when he was ill, pushed that bloody chair of his I don’t know how many thousands of miles during that time.  Did he make any small stipend for me?  I can’t believe that he left everything to...”  Martin pointed vaguely in Carver’s direction.
Drisdale answered, lawyer cool, “I don’t believe that any provision was made for either his current, or any of his previous, attendants.”
“He was talking about changing his will, you know.  Right at the end.  He said that what he had done was... what word did he use?  Evil.  That was it.  I didn’t know what he was talking about at the time, but I can see now.  Too fucking right it was evil.  What am I supposed to do now?”
“Perhaps if we can all just remain civil for a little bit longer, we may actually all be able to help out one another here.” Drisdale replied, “You, quite justifiably Mr. Meek, think that you have been - what is your British expression? - hard done by.  Is that right?”
“Quite so.”
“I think, if you will listen on, you may decide that you have not been quite so hard done by, as Mr. Carver here.”
“I...”
Drisdale interrupted the young Englishman, “Please, let me continue.  You asked earlier why Mr. Wendelson should choose Mr. Carver to be his beneficiary when he had very little acquaintance with him.  The crux of the matter, is that he did not choose Mr. Carver specifically, he chose a construction engineer, and a premier construction engineer at that.  Now Mr. Wendelson’s will was only validated by the actual completion of the Wendelson Building, and it is clear that having achieved his goal of constructing the world’s tallest building, the last thing that Mr. Wendelson wanted to see was any upstart, what shall we say, Johnny-come-lately, I rather like that expression, muscling in on his turf - isn’t that another expression that you British use? - and constructing something even taller, which would forever consign the building that bears his name to the status of an also-ran.  Do you understand?”
“I think so,” said Martin.
Drisdale resumed his explanation, “So what does he do?  He’s not going to live forever.  He’s not going to be able to continually build higher, and higher, structures.  Okay, so you do the next best thing.  You stop anyone else building anything taller.”
“How?”
Drisdale struck his hand against the thick batch of papers he continued to hold, “This amounts to a pretty impressive attempt at doing just that.”
“You think so?” said Carver, sceptically.
“Well don’t you?” answered Drisdale, challengingly.  He turned to address Martin Meek once more, “I’m sorry, myself and Mr. Carver have already been through these documents several times, but I know that a lot of this is new to you.  Let me explain, in simple terms, what Mr. Wendelson has set in motion.”
“Thank you.”
“He’s built for himself the world’s tallest building.”
“Agreed.”
“He dies - it’s not for us to speculate here and now, the whys and wherefores that surround hs death, let us just say that he dies.”
“Absolutely.”
“He leaves all his money to a construction engineer on the provision that the Wendelson Building remains the tallest stucture on this fair planet of ours, or put another way he is paying a demolition expert to make sure that nothing is ever built higher.”
“That sounds like blackmail?”
“Well yes, I suppose it is in a way.”
“But what is to stop Mr. Carver here taking all of the money, and then not carrying out Mr. Wendelson’s wishes?  I mean he can’t seriously be expected to halt every major skyscraper project around the globe.”  Martin was aware of the engineer and the lawyer exchanging a knowing glance as he asked this question; there was obviously still more that he did not know.
“Ah,” said Leyton Drisdale, his elbows resting on his desk, his hands held before him, the fingers interwined, “Mr. Wendelson thought of that too.  He added a... I suppose you could call it a codicil.  A little protection of his own.”

••••••••••

“So you have no idea who this woman Medea is?”
“No, none whatsoever,” answered Drisdale.
“Except that she intends to kill me?”
They were back at the point where Carver and Drisdale’s conversation had commenced.
“Only if you fail to prevent the Wendelson Building from remaining the world’s tallest structure.  If you manage that you have nothing to worry about.”
“So I can be a rich man and alive both at the same time.  Forgive me for not exactly sounding overjoyed,” said Carver.
“And you think this letter is genuine?”  Martin Meek was holding a single, sheet of A5 lined paper, hand-written; the codicil that Leyton Drisdale had described before.
“The murder of Marcel Chin would suggest that the threat should be taken seriously.”
Martin read aloud, “The contents of this letter are to be opened upon the death of Garnet G. Wendelson for the eyes of his lawyer, Leyton Drisdale, only.”  He momentarily broke off from his reading, “I feel honoured.”
Carver broke in, bored, “Do we have to go over this again, it doesn’t get any better the more times you read it.”
As a concession to Carver’s request Martin lowered his voice, but continued to read the contents of the unusual missive to himself, “By now the contents of my final will are known, and it will be apparent that my greatest lasting desire is for my own building to remain the world’s tallest, and not just for the short time span of a Sears or a Petronas, but for a generation, and beyond, so that the Wendelson name will be synonymous with superlative for eternity.  To this end I have left my fortune to an individual - I know not whom - who, I hope, will also have a vested interest in achieving this same goal, and for one of three reasons: one, pride - he shall be the man who has constructed my fabulous building and, like myself, will wish to bask in the reflected glory of its enduring superiority; two, greed - he shall inherit riches beyond his wildest dreams, both for the purposes of maintaining my wishes, and for the duration that my dream remains a reality; and three, fear - if he wishes to remain alive he must carry out my command.  I realise that that final statement requires a small degree of elucidation.  I am a realistic man; I am not foolish or sentimental enough to think that any other person would feel a similar strength of feeling towards my building as I have for it myself.  It is only human nature that this should be so; we each of us have our own dreams, piddling and insignificant as they may be for some people, but even so no one wishes to piggyback on the ambitions of others, thus it would be irresponsible of me to expect simple pride alone to be a force strong enough for someone to alter the envisaged course of their life.  Greed, now that is a different story.  For some people, greed would be motivation to do almost anything, and the wealth that I am offering would be an incentive to even the most non-materialistic individual.  But what if this man is such an individual?  It is possible, I can concede, that even unlimited money would not be enough incentive for my desires to be fulfilled.  And so we come to fear.  Fear is a very powerful emotion.  I should know.  I have been scared for so much of my life.  Confined to a wheelchair, you learn the meaning of the word dependence, and with dependence you learn the meaning of the word fear.  But what are most people fearful of?  Change, mainly.  And the biggest change to anyone’s life is death.  So now we come to my final insurance policy.  And here I talk directly to the man who has become the chosen guardian of my dreams.  If you do not carry out my wishes you will be killed.  Plain and simple.  And I will explain to you the mechanics by which this process will occur.  I have deposited a sum of ten million dollars in the bank account of a woman, who for your purposes will be referred to henceforth simply as Medea.  Medea, as I am sure you have already guessed, is not just any woman.  She is a trained assassin and she has instructions to exercise her specialist skills in the event that my aforementioned instructions are not carried out to the letter.  Now I am sure that you are thinking, what is to stop this woman from taking this money and not completing her side of the contract.  The answer is simple: honour.  It is a code which knows no price.  Rest assured, if you fail to carry out the instructions of my will, you will be killed.  Complacency is not an option.  In conclusion, I wish you every enjoyment that my money may bring you, and I sincerely hope that you continue to enjoy it until the end of your long and natural life.”  Martin rested a finger against his lips, as though in order to silence himself, as he came to the end of the letter.
“Well?” asked Carver.  “Any bright ideas?”
“I can confirm that this is certainly Garnet... Mr. Wendelson’s handwriting.” answered Martin.
“I know, so can I,” replied Drisdale, disinterestedly.
“And the envelope, any clues there?”
“It was posted from the Ukraine.”
“It’s not somewhere we have been to in recent years.  I understand that it was somewhere that Mr. Wendelson spent a lot of time before I joined his service.” said Martin.
Drisdale was more accurate with his facts, “He lived there for several months in the eighties.  I think more importantly, he returned there briefly only a few weeks after I met him in Florida.  I didn’t know what his business was at the time, but this letter arrived shortly afterwards, with instructions that it should be included with the documents that comprised his will.”
“And you didn’t open it before?”
“No, the instructions were quite clear.”
“Even so.”
“Even so nothing.”  Drisdale was annoyed to have his professional conduct questioned.  “I repeat, the instructions were quite clear.”
It was Carver who volunteered a question next, “I asked you once before, is this will strictly valid?”
“If it went to a court of law, I would have to answer, no, I don’t think that it would stand up to professional scrutiny, but that is hardly the point is it.”
“How so?”
“I don’t know who this woman Medea is, but I can’t imagine from the description of her that she is likely to be swayed from her murderous pursuit by any niceties concerning legality or not.”
“But this contract was taken out a quarter of a century ago.  She may be dead now.  She...”
Martin Meek’s objections were silenced by two words from Jake Carver, “Marcel Chin.”
Drisdale continued, “It would seem logical to assume from the fact of the recent assassination-style murder of Marcel Chin that Medea is both alive and, how shall I put it, professionally active.”
“What about the name Medea itself?  Forgive my lack of a classical education, but is there any clue there?  Is there any way of tracing this woman?” suggested Martin.
Drisdale spoke as though he was reading directly from a textbook on Greek mythology, “Medea was the daughter of King Aeetes of Colchis. She was married to Jason, leader of the Argonauts, and aided him in his pursuit of the Golden Fleece and also killed the king who had deprived Jason of his inheritance. When Jason later deserts her for the daughter of King Creon, Medea took her revenge by killing Creon, his daughter, and her own two children by Jason.”
“That last bit was the bit I vaguely remember,” said Martin.
“Euripedes,” said Drisdale.
“I’m sure you’re right.  Does it help us in any way?”
“In identifying the woman?  I don’t see how.  He has never mentioned anyone, to your knowledge, in Ukraine?  Someone he has kept in touch with?  Have you ever posted any letters on his behalf?”
Martin answered, “No, nothing.  Certainly no letters.  I would have remembered.  He would occasionally mention some aspect of the time he spent there, you know, if he saw some reference to Kiev, or something like that, but no people, no.  I think he may have had a friend killed from the fallout after Chernobyl, but I got the impression that he didn’t like to talk about it.  He wasn’t the kind of man that needed a confidante, if you understand me.  Not that he would have chosen me for one, even if he had.”
Carver was becoming increasingly impatient, “We are wasting our time here, going over the same old ground.  It achieves nothing.”
“And so what do you suggest?” asked Drisdale.
“As I see it, we have two options.  We either find this woman Medea and... well, I don’t know what we would do with her if we did find her, but since we don’t have the first idea where to start looking the dilemma is not very likely to present itself, is it.”
“And the second option is?” Martin prompted,
“I start to blow up a lot of very tall buildings,” Carver answered, facetiously.

••••••••••

“Well, gentleman, it has been interesting having this conversation, but I think I will leave you now.  I don’t see that I can be of any more help to you, and none of this really involves me any longer, does it,” said Martin Meek, pushing back his chair, and making preparations to depart.
Jake Carver opened his mouth as though to voice a protest at the apparent desertion, but was silenced as Leyton Drisdale stood up and made a gesture towards the door, indicating that Martin was free to leave.  Martin had made three steps across the brightly varnished, wooden parquet flooring, with another three remaining between him and the door to Drisdale’s office, when the lawyer managed to halt him in his tracks.
“We have reason to believe that Mr. Carver may not be the only potential target that Medea has her sights set upon.”
Martin turned around to face the lawyer, “Oh?”  He felt his bowels loosen momentarily, an instinctive reaction to the anticipation of bad news.
“This is told to you in complete confidence, you understand.  The police have not released this information to the press.”
“What?”  Martin was aware that his voice had become a high pitched squeak.
“When the location from which the assassin of Marcel Chin had taken her shot was examined, it was discovered that she had left a... I suppose, you would describe it as a calling card.  It was actually quite an amusing conceit, if it wasn’t also quite so serious.  The item that the police discovered was a prostitute’s advertisement card, you know the kind of thing, I remember seeing them often enough in public telephone boxes when I visited London, and in my few brief days in Pyongyang, it was apparent that as a marketing device it had caught on in abundance there too.  The woman who was offering her services, and apparently a particularly unique brand of S&M it was too, also went under the pseudonym of Medea.”  Drisdale held up his hand to stem any possible interruption, “And yes, before you ask, the local police have thoroughly checked out this classics-obsessed dominatrix and are satisfied that she has nothing to do with the actual murder.”
“And what does this have to do with anything else?” asked Martin.
“On the reverse of the card, were written, or rather were lightly indented, as though they had perhaps been written on a sheet of paper resting on top of the card, five names.  This may have actually been a slip on the part of the assassin.  The police are working on the assumption that the names were hand-written by the killer, and that she was perhaps not aware that she had left this particular clue at the scene of the crime.”
“Absent-mindedness?” enquired Carver, sarcastically.
“If not that, then the alternative is no more palatable,” said Drisdale, “Anyway...”
“Anyway,” interrupted Martin, impatiently, “Tell us who were the names.”
Drisdale smiled thinly, “I think you already know.  At the top of the list is my seated friend here.”  He indicated Jake Carver.  “Next was Marcel Chin.”
“And we all know what happened to him,” broke in Carver.
“In third place, I myself have the honour of being included amongst such distinguished company,” continued Drisdale, “Next was a woman, as yet unidentified, called Maria Gomez.”
“A Latino?”
“Presumably.  And last, but by no means least...”
Drisdale did not need to complete his sentence, Martin did it for him with one frightened syllable, “Me.”
“Would you like to take your seat again?” Drisdale asked, facetiously.
Martin almost collapsed into the offered leather embrace, “But... but, I don’t understand.  Why?”
“That was one of the questions that we were hoping that you could help us with,” said Drisdale.  “Perhaps Garnet provided Medea with a different agenda to the one he has detailed to us.  For myself, and I am only guessing here, you understand, it is possible that my own sword of Damocles is negated by my successfully acting as executor to Mr. Wendelson’s estate.  If I had been tempted to... stray from Mr. Wendelson’s stipulated wishes; if I had done what my rational mind has been urging me to do ever since I drew up the confounded document in the first place, which was to tear it into small shreds and pretend that it had never existed, perhaps then I would have met with my own assassin’s bullet.  Perhaps I still will.”
“But what about me?” asked Martin, pathetically; fear reducing his sophisticated adult sensibilities to the egocentric concerns of the child.  “What is it that Garnet wants me to do?”
Carver and Drisdale were both silently shaking their heads.  Finally Carver said, “All we can do is wait, and see.”
“That’s fine for you.  You know what is required of you.  How can I live knowing that some innocent action I make may be the very thing that Garnet has deemed will be my last?”
“It is an interesting question,” said Drisdale, talking as though the matter was of purely academic, theoretical interest to him, “As an example of exerting control from beyond the grave Mr. Wendelson appears to have left us all with an intriguing situation.”
“Intriguing situation!”  Martin’s voice rose even higher, “That’s not what I would call it.”
“For once, I am in agreement with you,” said Carver, rising to his feet.
Leyton Drisdale put up both hands in a defensive manner, aware of the offence that his words had caused, bidding for calm to be restored, “Gentlemen, please.  We are all feeling a bit... overwrought.  Understandably.  Perhaps we should call it a day for now.  Let’s all go home.  Have a chance to think things over in peace.”
Martin looked like he was about to explode into a fresh outburst of invective at the word “peace”, but Drisdale silenced him, effectively wrapping up the meeting, “Jake, I’ll have an interim cheque made payable from Mr. Wendelson’s to your own account, until such time as the amount of the final settlement is agreed.  Is five million, okay?”
The sum mentioned could have been five dollars, such was Carver’s lack of enthusiasm.  “Fine.”
“And the deeds to the Wendelson Building have already been made over to your name.  Go enjoy your building.”
Carver looked at the lawyer balefully, “Are you trying to be funny.”
Drisdale replied in all seriousness, “In the absence of any alternative dictated by the somewhat... perverse circumstances, I don’t really see what else I can be.  Take my advice, enjoy your new found wealth while you can.  We are all going to die someday.  Not all of us have the opportunity to be rich beforehand.”
It was a not entirely convincing piece of advice on which to end the meeting, but it was clear that there was little to be served by extending the current discourse.  Carver closed the door behind Martin Meek’s already retreating form, leaving Drisdale alone once again.
He sat back in his chair, allowing himself the luxury of putting his feet up on top of the wooden writing desk.  He had no more appointments that day.  He could relax.  Relax!  It hardly seemed the most appropriate word in the circumstances.  The picture on the wall was still not hanging exactly straight, but it no longer unsettled him in the way that it had done earlier.  He began to hum a tune to himself.
Outside in the distance a wildcat did growl,
Two riders were approaching, the wind began to howl.
Damn it, he’d forgotten the opening lines again.
Chapter Twenty-One

One item that had been recovered from the dead body of Garnet G. Wendelson was a cheap, paperback copy of the Epic of Gilgamesh.  Inside the front cover of the volume - and this despite the waterlogged state of the book, which had ballooned to double its normal size, having soaked up the water of the Taedong River like a dry sponge - it was possible to make out a short hand-written inscription, “To Garnet, with love, Marie-France.”
One item that had not been recovered from the dead body of Garnet G. Wendelson was a small bronze plaque bearing the inscription ‘In commemoration of the opening of the Wendelson Building by Garnet G. Wendelson on 1st May 2009’ or words roughly similar to these, and it was the non-discovery of this vital piece of evidence which continued to throw doubt on the validity of Martin Meek’s account of the events leading up to Garnet’s actual death.  No one was more acutely aware of this fact than Martin himself.  Martin reasoned that in all likelihood the plaque would never be found, and that the Pyongyang police should have no reason to suspect him on the basis of its absence, but nevertheless it was another reason for disquiet in his already troubled frame of mind.  Garnet’s body had been recovered from the water of the Taedong River in an admirably short space of time after its spectacular high dive, but it had taken another three days, and a team of experienced police divers, to locate the whereabouts of his wheelchair, and it had been still several further days before the hunt for any other evidence that the alluvial depths might hold, had been called off entirely.  The official verdict on Garnet’s death had eventually been pronounced ‘suicide’, but with the unusual adjunct, ‘possibly aided by person or persons as yet unidentified’.  The principle players in the tragedy had all been allowed the freedom to return to their home countries; Garnet’s body had been released for cremation; and it was understood that the police investigation was closed pending further information, but even though Martin had been back in Garnet’s Park Avenue apartment for almost ten days now, the phone call he received, the day after his meeting with Leyton Drisdale and Jake Carver did not come as any real surprise to him.
“Hello”
“Mr. Meek?  This is Lieutenant Kim, Pyongyang Police Department, you may remember that we spoke before.”  
The combination of the crackling reception on the telephone line and Kim’s poorly accentuated English made the ensuing conversation hard for Martin to follow, but by the time he had replaced the receiver, he was under no allusion that the lid on the Wendelson case appeared as though it was about to spring wide open again, and nothing that he could say or do would prevent it.  Lieutenant Kim had been understanding, apologetic even - it had not been any desire on his part to pick away at what he considered were already healed wounds - it was the media he said, they were the problem.  There was an investigative TV show from South Korea interested in the story and some of their team had already started sniffing around, eager to uncover any hint of police inefficiency in the investigation or, better still, a larger conspiracy theory.  Apparently some of the larger US networks were already interested in their findings: the potential syndication rights were going to be huge, and as Lieutenant Kim explained, the Pyongyang Police Department could not afford to miss out on a piece of that action.  
He had finished the call by saying, “I am sorry Mr. Meek, I truly am, but I think that we will require your presence back here in Pyongyang before the end of the month.  Formalities, you understand, but we have to be seen to be doing everything by the book.  Consider this as purely a courtesy call, but I trust that I shall be able to reach you on this number if we need you here as a matter of urgency?”
Martin had attempted to explain that in actual fact, no, he would not be contactable at this number; that, due to the terms of Mr. Wendelson’s will, he was actually in the process of vacating his quarters in the Park Avenue apartment in order that Mr. Carver could avail himself of its lavish facilities, that, in any case, Pyongyang was the very last place on earth that he currently wished to return to, being, as it were, the last known definitive whereabouts of the mysterious assassin Medea, who, he had only lately ascertained might also have in her arsenal a bullet with his own name inscribed upon it, and, that fact aside, he had no wish to co-operate with a film crew of investigative journalists who would inevitably be looking to sensationalise what for him was still a sensitive incident, not to mention a personal loss and tragedy, but Lieutenant Kim had long since hung up, and Martin found himself giving his excuses to an empty room.  His head still throbbed beneath its bandage.  He really needed to lie down and think through what he should do next.
It had been a bad couple of days for Martin: he had hoped that by returning to New York the events in Pyongyang would be physically displaced from him; that he had put himself beyond the reach of recrimination or publicity.  He had also hoped that, at the very least, Garnet would have made some provision for him in his will: the apartment would have been the least of his expectations, perhaps a comfortable salary for life, or a lump sum to set him up in something, would have been more realistic, but he had found that there was nothing.  He was not even allowed to keep a familiar roof above his head; suddenly his standing in this foreign city seemed as perilous as when he had been sleeping rough on the boardwalks of Brighton Beach a decade before.  If only Garnet had lived a little longer, he had talked of changing his will, surely then... It was not a time for ‘if onlys’ and ‘surely thens’.  He needed to come up with a clear plan of action.
Martin had never been allowed to sit on the chaise longue in Garnet’s library when his employer had been alive, although he had often times transported Garnet from the confines of his wheelchair to lay on the divan’s soft fabric in the manner - so he liked to believe - of his aesthetic hero Des Esseintes, but since his solitary return to the apartment Martin had taken to stretching out, full length, on its comfortable cushions every afternoon, in part as the basis of a convalescence regime, but also partly through sheer childish perversity, now that there was no one around to tell him to do otherwise.
The library was a beautiful room: light and airy, totally unlike the stereotypical picture of fusty academia, with a view directly out onto the tops of the pollarded trees lining that stretch of Park Avenue, but sufficiently insulated against noise, to block out the sounds of the continuous traffic that passed by directly below.  The walls of the room still showed the blank spaces where favourite paintings had been removed at Garnet’s request for shipment to his Pyongyang hotel suite, the slight variation in wallpaper colour the only clue to the pictures’ previous place of residence, the rectangles of colour variation looking like ghost images, or photographic negatives, of the original works.  Martin remembered the library when the paintings were all still in situ, it had looked crowded and more fussy then; the pictures held no sentimental value for him, he preferred it how it was now.
The atmosphere of the room was such that it encouraged occupants to drift off into the realm of daydreams, and Martin allowed himself just such an indulgence now.
When he had been a small boy, a regular part of his life, so he remembered - possibly inaccurately - had been a frequent trip to the local crematorium to stand around the grave of a recently deceased relative, or friend, usually of his parents, followed by the solemn return to the house of the bereaved, to indulge in nostalgic small talk over a light repast of vol-au-vents, sausage rolls and dry, furled sandwiches, that appeared to be turning up their corners empathetically with the victim’s turned up toes.  Decades then had seemingly passed without a single funeral to attend, until this week that was, and, reminiscent of the joke about buses, two had come along together.  How different each occasion had been, Martin mused.
First, chronologically,  there had been Marcel Chin’s burial.  A public event, attended by anyone who was supposedly anyone in New York society.  Reminiscent of Princess Diana’s funeral only in the spontaneous displays of loud public and affected grief, the final progression of Chin’s body to be received by the earth was every bit as showy and ostentatious as had been the later years of his actual life.  An antique, black carriage, pulled by four handsome, black stallions, carried the lifeless body, which lay in a sumptuously padded, open coffin, such that office workers on the elevated floors above Wall Street could look directly down upon the corpse, the face of which had been heavily made up by a team of undertakers in order to obscure the massive disfigurement caused by a bullet fired from a Tokarev SVT-40 sniper’s rifle, which had entered Chin’s head just behind his left ear socket and re-emerged neatly in the centre of the artificial dimple in his chin, that several years earlier a team of plastic surgeons had spent many hours, during the course of several operations, working upon, in order to give the appearance-obsessed architect a ‘Kirk Douglas’.  The coffin-bearing carriage had been followed, at a suitably slow pace, by a long train of black stretch limousines, the windows of which were all darkened to obscure the identities of the - presumably - rich and famous guests who wished to pay their last respects.  Behind the cavalcade of cars a New Orleans-style steel band followed on foot; a bevy of scantily-clad dancers - of both sexes - writhing and squirming rhythmically to the sound of the echoing metallic beat.  Further back still a troupe of youthful, female cheerleaders threw their batons in the air with gleeful abandon, seemingly disconnected and oblivious to the supposedly solemn event occurring ahead of them.  Lining the streets immediately before the entrance to Trinity Church a rag-tag band of onlookers had cheered nervously as the carriage reached its final destination, unsure of the etiquette required of the occasion, until, and following the example of a tall, dark-suited pallbearer who had raised his hat in an overly actorial fashion, bringing it back, by the action of a near bow, to rest in front of his chest, a respectful silence fell upon the inquisitive masses.  A few paparazzi flash bulbs had gone off as the procession had passed through the cemetery gates, and there had been the occasional exclamation of excitement as an eager fan thought they had glimpsed their particular object of adoration through one of the tinted windows, but otherwise the journey to the cemetery had passed without incident.
Martin had travelled in one of the limousines, accompanied by two former colleagues of Chin from his architectural studios, who chatted all the way about a project on which they were currently jointly working to the exclusion of everyone and everything else, and a miserable, young, pale-faced, aesthetic-looking man who described himself as a ‘close friend’ of the deceased but who did not offer further elucidation.  Not for the first time Martin wondered just what exactly he was doing there.
Two days later there had been Garnet’s cremation: a small affair, attended by a few close - if that is the word - acquaintances.  There were no surviving Wendelson relatives, and ‘friends’ would have been too strong a word to describe the slightly disparate band of mourners who stood, shoulder to shoulder, in the Morningside Crematorium chapel of rest, listening to the resident priest describe the life and achievements of a man, of whom most, at best, could only claim to having had a passing knowledge, and that chiefly acquired from the pages of the tabloid newspapers rather than from actual firsthand experience.  As for genuine mourners, Martin could count only three, and that was numbering himself in that category, alongside two elderly men he knew to be Mr. Arnold Metz and Mr. Monotone, friends from Garnet’s past.  Metz was himself confined to a wheelchair now, his thin, gangly legs no longer capable of supporting his previously fluid mimic’s frame, but the tears that welled up in the corners of his eyes during the priest’s oration appeared to be genuine enough, and not as the result of a stage act imitation of emotion.  Monotone - or Mr. Monotone as he now styled himself, in the belief that the appendage gave him a degree of respectability commensurate with his age - looked largely unchanged by the passing years.  Big, bald, and bespectacled would have been the three most common adjectives to describe him in his youth, and the same three were equally applicable today.  Leyton Drisdale was present, of course, as both the executor of Garnet’s will and representative of his estate, and Jake Carver sat at the rear of the aisles of seats, a lowering presence, like the first threatening dark cloud on the horizon on an otherwise clear, blue day.  Invitations had been sent out to old neighbours during his time in Florida, to Zurich and to Kiev, but most were returned months after the event, either ‘address unknown’ or with a hastily scrawled ‘deceased’ written across the envelope: the reality was that Garnet had acquired few friendships along the course of a relatively long life, and of his past there were few survivors who were capable of verifying the gossamer threads of truth and falsehood; history and fiction.  He was a private man destined to go to his grave with his memory laid open like a blank page, ready to be filled in by a media and public who would feel no qualms at misrepresenting him for the sake of a better story.  Such had been Martin’s thoughts on the day he committed his former employer to the ground, but he recognised even then that he was being foolishly sentimental, that Garnet himself would not have cared a jot for public opinion, just so long as he was remembered for the building which would continue to carry his name, long after his body had turned to dust.  If Garnet had ever consciously allied himself to the immortality-obsessed Gilgamesh - and there was little doubt in Martin’s mind that he did - it could be argued that Garnet had discovered the truth sooner than his hero: you are remembered for your achievements; only through these can you gain immortality.
Garnet’s reading of the Epic of Gilgamesh had resulted in an additional pilgrimage during the visit to Iraq that he had shared with Martin those many years earlier.  Martin remembered the day well: it had begun like so many others on that journey - up early; bright sunshine; hot weather; greeted by their official government guide; a cup of acrid, black coffee; and a bumpy ride in the back of a French-built 4WD, along dusty, unmade roads, past a landscape of largely featureless scrub and dunes, only punctuated by the odd low, desolate dwelling and an occasional farmer tending to his herd of goats.  The object of that day’s expedition had been to visit the site of the ancient Sumerian city of Uruk, one-time home to the Epic of Gilgamesh's eponymous king.  In its day - although admittedly its day was several millennia back now - Uruk had stood as the world’s first city.  It was the largest settlement at that time in Mesopotamia, situated on a branch of the mighty Euphrates River, with the finest buildings, and constructed by a civilisation that exhibited the earliest evidence of writing.  Later clay tablets, written in Akkadian using the cuneiform script, reveal the complexity of early Uruk’s religious and scientific knowledge, and with the Epic of Gilgamesh* they also have what is widely considered the first ever work of literature, the account of Gilgamesh’s experiences having been written a full millennium earlier than such European epics as the Odyssey and the Iliad.
To stand on the site of Gilgamesh’s ancient city, had long been an ambition that Garnet had harboured; to view the walls that Gilgamesh had constructed and which, at the end of the Epic, he is to realise are destined to outlive his mortal frame, and remain as his testament to future generations.
If Garnet had been expecting to see a perfectly preserved ancient city rising up from the glistening sands he was to be disappointed.  Modern day Uruk is little more than an outline of its former glory, the mud brick walls largely reduced to their component elements, the central ziggurat only discernible by its raised surroundings, the whole site more resembling the trenches of a World War One battleground than an important area of world heritage.  Unlike Babylon, Uruk had not received the twenty first century makeover from its modern day ruler.  As the objective of a tiring drive, and to someone as archaeologically ignorant as Martin was, Uruk had proved something of a let down; for Garnet, who had based a large part of a life philosophy on the idea of immortality achievable through building monuments, Uruk had the potential for being crushingly disappointing.  There, in the desert dust of modern day Iraq, with the sand-filled wind blowing unceasingly from the west, Garnet could have seen everything that he believed in, everything that he had worked towards, revealed as a sham: the myth of immortality just that, a myth.  Surprisingly though, Garnet had not been disheartened by the ruins he saw that day: Martin recalled the look in his eyes that same afternoon, as he was bumped and wheeled across the uneven, rocky ground, back to the waiting driver and his vehicle, running the gauntlet of the few curious Marsh Arab children who begged for pens and picture postcards.  It was the look that he had seen in his own father’s eyes when he had been confronted by an insurmountable rock face in his beloved Cumbrian mountains, and in the eyes of his older brother when he had been knocked down for the third time in his school boxing tournament; it was a look of steely determination, that said more eloquently than any words, ‘must try harder’.  It was almost as though Garnet had been making his own personal assessment of the Uruk model as a standard for immortality and had returned a mark of delta minus for durability.  That evening, back in their hotel, overlooking the blue, Scud-inspired minarets of the Mother of All Battles Mosque*, they had been welcomed back with a traditional meal of fish caught from the waters of the Tigris.  The memory reminded Martin that he was feeling hungry, and that the meal ticket that he had come to rely upon for so long had been cruelly taken away from him.
Beside the chaise longue, on top of an elegant, low, marble table a free recruitment ads newspaper lay open, its pages an invitation to be read; a relic of Garnet’s previous occupancy.  It had worked for him before, could it possibly work again?  Was this Fate, deciding the new direction that his life would take?  Martin pulled himself up to a seated position, swinging his legs off the side of the divan, so that his feet once again rested upon the floor, and took the newspaper, holding it lightly at the top of the central fold, so that the sheets were allowed to fall open, at random, wherever they chose.  A page thus selected, Martin closed his eyes and ran his finger down the rows of closely printed text, hoping that by some minute electrical impulse, some microscopic, external stimulus, there would be provided the necessary sign that he required to halt his roving digit and allow him to claim his new beginning.  Ten seconds later and with no divine guidance apparent, Martin resorted to a rather more down to earth selection process, along the lines of ‘Eeny, meeny, miney, mo’, which had the outcome of him being instructed to ‘Earn money and learn a trade’ and told that ‘Luggage conveyancing personnel are required for immediate positions at JFK, Newark and La Guardia’: a career choice that he had decided not to pursue long before he had even finished reading to the end of the advertisement.  Only the day before he had read about a baggage handler having his head blown off on the tarmac at the airport in Bogota when he inadvertently interrupted a major drugs deal: now admittedly New York was not Colombia, but the job was not without its inherent risks.  He may be on his uppers, but he was not keen on the idea of being shot at for a living; he had problems enough in that direction as it was.  Momentarily, he considered selecting again to see if something more palatable turned up, but even in his directionless state, he realised that this was somehow debasing the magical quality of the random process.  An ornamental globe perched on the other extreme of the table, provided an alternative and more interesting opportunity for random selection.  Again, in his youth, Martin recalled how he would flick through the pages of his school atlas, marvelling at the exotic-sounding destinations, wandering if one day he would visit any of them, speculating how different they would be to his Lake District home.  Little could he have imagined, even when he set out on his first trip to the United States, that he would be afforded the opportunity of visiting many places that at the time were just so many words in a textbook.  Travel back then had been a fantastic escape; his time with Garnet had transformed it into a tedious routine.  Perhaps it was time to learn how to escape once again.
Martin spun the globe with a decisive hand, leaving one finger remaining in contact with the cool surface to trail across the continents and the oceans, the friction of touch ever slowing the orbits, Fate once again allowed to decide the direction of his passage.  Across Papua New Guinea, and the Solomons, ever slowing, over Easter Island - shame, he would have quite liked to visit there - and the vast blue expanse of the South Pacific, hitting land again at Chile, but onward and beyond, still slowing, across northern Argentina, and Paraguay, across southern Brazil, and he was flung out into the wild waters of the South Atlantic Ocean, almost stopping, almost stopping, would he reach a new landfall, would the globe continue around for one last moment?  Yes, just.  Land ahoy, captain.  
Martin removed his finger from the surface of the halted globe to read the words beneath.  Swakopmund, Namibia.  Martin shrugged.  So be it.  It was as good a place to go to ground from the joint pursuers of Medea and Media as anywhere else.  And it beat airport baggage handling at any rate.
Chapter Twenty-Two

Unlike Martin, someone that was anxious to return to Pyongyang was Jake Carver.  The meeting with Leyton Drisdale had completed all of his immediate business in New York, and after assuring himself that his own offices were running perfectly adequately without his day-to-day presence, he made a decision that the thing that he was currently most in need of lay, not in the Big Apple, but in a small bed in an anonymous apartment block in the outskirts the New Korean capital.
A new, connecting air service, flying between Newark and Pyongyang via LAX was advertised as cutting down flight times between the two destinations by ten hours, discounting the need, as has been the case in the past, of flying clockwise from the East Coast and a lengthy stop over in Beijing.  Even so, the journey time had seemed interminable.  The in-flight route map, which appeared intermittently on the small monitor screen located in the seat back of the chair in front of him, indicated that they were currently flying over the Bonin Islands group, some 600 miles south of Tokyo, and still at least two hours short of their ultimate destination.  A final meal of the flight had just been served and cleared away and now there was nothing to break up the ongoing monotony before touchdown.  Jake was not someone who could be happy doing nothing; the prospect of the empty time ahead made him feel twitchy and irritable.  Much of the earlier portion of the flight Jake had passed lost in cyberspace: each aircraft seat was equipped with its own personal video games consul, with a selection of games CDs available from the cabin steward.  The choice, though, had been disappointing and the games available all at least six months old, and Jake could not be bothered to return to a virtual reality which offered such limited opportunities for escapism.  Unusually for him, being normally critical of his own powers of imagination, he decided that the realms of his own mind offered greater scope for diversion.
As with Martin Meek, the past few weeks in Jake Carver’s life had been a whirlwind of seemingly out-of-control activity, his mind and body being directed to do other than their own bidding, his very being a puppet coerced to dance to an invisible master’s tune.  For a man who had grown used to being in control, it had proved an unnerving experience.  Add to that, the fact that he had discovered that there was a faceless assassin with a contract out to kill him and the little matter of having inherited a fortune beyond his wildest dreams: taken all-in-all it would have to be said that it had been a bizarre fortnight.  The matter of the billion dollars - conservative estimate - that it appeared he could now call his own had not really sunk in; indeed he had had little opportunity to give the sum any serious thought.  It was a lot of money.  No doubt about it.  Even for someone like Bill Gates, it would not be considered just loose change.  His First Class aeroplane seat had been almost the only extravagance he had so far indulged.  And even then he had slightly begrudged the sum he had been requested to sign over.  It was silly really.  He was rich.  And not just comfortably off, secure in his retirement rich.  He was outrageously rich.  Wealthier than anyone else on this plane, more than likely.  Jake glanced around at his fellow passengers, each one of them oblivious to his new financial status.  He could buy this whole aeroplane if he so chose.  Or a fleet of them, he guessed.  Should he so wish.  It was a nice feeling.  And yet also a slightly unsatisfactory one.  For most Western people, who were the product of capitalist societies, and under this banner heading he was not so naïve as to not include himself, the goal of financial security, let alone the fantasy dreams associated with celebrity superstar wealth, were a successful end to a lifetime of toil and endeavour; it was the thing you strived towards; the pinnacle of ambition; almost the meaning of life.  And yet when that end product is deposited in your lap, neither by your asking or your instigation, the over-riding question that Jake kept on finding himself asking was: so, is that it?  Like so many others before him, Jake Carver was discovering that it was often better to travel hopefully than to actually arrive. 
The one constant that Jake had managed to hold on to during this turbulent period of his life, was his feelings for the special person he had left behind in Pyongyang, and the individual that he was now so desperate to return to: to experience a warm embrace once more; and relax with the security that only comes with genuine emotions and true feelings.  Jake Carver closed his eyes and tried to imagine what Kim Dong-Moon would be doing right now.
Bizarre four weeks?  It had been a bizarre nine months in Jake Carver’s life.  And no aspect more bizarre than his relationship with Kim Dong-Moon.  Back in the early summer of last year, if he had been asked who Kim Dong-Moon was, Jake might just about have made the association between the name and the face of the foreman of one of the several crews of men involved in the cement work on the Wendelson Building.  How he had gone from such a distant position, to friend and confidante, and from there ultimately to lover, Jake was still not entirely sure; it had been a strange sequence of events.  As for himself, although he might have always secretly recognised that he occasionally had feelings that would not normally be considered appropriate towards members of the same sex, his strict Kansas upbringing, and subsequent macho career, had always enabled him to suppress such strange desires before they manifested themselves in a display of potential vulnerability.  With Kim though, it had been different.  He still found that he could not explain the various emotions that, through the Korean man, he had finally allowed to be shown, but he knew that, unlike either his two year marriage or his string of other brief relationships - all with women - this time it felt right.
It had all started, he supposed, the day that Kim had come to him, asking - begging would have been a more accurate word - for money.  An advance on his wages was what he wanted so he had said.  Normally he would have laughed at such a suggestion - he could not be seen to be treating one worker more favourably than any other, it was a sure-fire recipe for mutiny - but there had been something so pitiful and desperate about Kim’s pleading that he had felt inclined to at least hear the man out.  The story he had subsequently heard, about an honest man driven to gambling in order to raise money to send to his family who were being confined in a detention camp in the north of the country, both touched and intrigued Carver, more than he was initially prepared to reveal.  There had always been rumours of concentration camp style prisons in the old North Korea, where not just enemies of the state, but people convicted of minor offences against the regime, and also the families of such so-called undesirables, were kept in appalling conditions against their will and in some cases subjected to torture, but it had been a proud boast of New Korea that all of these camps had been disbanded and the inmates returned to their old villages and their old lives.  Kim’s story seemed to disprove this claim.  Admittedly, the rumours of the existence of such camps still persisted, but these rumours were dismissed by New Korea’s authorities as being propaganda spread and proliferated by the South, jealous of their neighbour’s current economic success story.  After their first meeting, Carver had sent Kim away, telling him that he would give his request some consideration, but the man’s story had interested him and he wondered if the apparently terrified builder would be prepared to reveal more details of what he knew if the surroundings were more conducive to intimate discourse: he suggested that they should meet again the following evening, at the casino that Kim had mentioned he regularly frequented.  For Carver, he had been working hard on the skyscraper project for weeks on end now without a break; an evening off and a few drinks would provide a pleasant interlude, even if his curiosity about the detention camps was not satisfied, and, although he hardly dared admit it to himself at the time, when he had looked into the tearful eyes of the Korean man standing in front of him, he had been aware of some of those peculiar emotions stirring within him again.
The casino outing had been a great success.  Although Carver had had to explain to Kim that there was no way that he could officially advance him any of his wages, he did offer to lend Kim a small sum personally, to be repaid over a mutually convenient period.  As events turned out, Kim was able to repay this loan sooner than either of them could ever have imagined: the roulette wheel proved a particularly lucky ally to them both that evening, and by the end of the night both men were feeling companionably drunk and carrying wallets bulging with crisp, newly won bank notes.  Jake could no longer clearly remember the sequence of events that had occurred after that, but he seemed to recall that he had suggested that they should go for a final drink somewhere, keen not to allow one of the first friends he had made since his arrival in Pyongyang disappear quite so swiftly, and that it had actually been Kim who had touched him lightly on the arm and suggested that he had a bottle of good American bourbon back at his apartment and that they should go there, it was not too far.  For Jake Carver it had proved an emotional journey further than he could have ever imagined.  They had not become lovers that night, nor even the next, when they met again: Carver was still embarrassed about his awakening sexuality, and Kim, sensitive to this, had not tried to rush anything, happy to preserve the charade of a shared macho friendship while at the same time realising that there was a more basic attraction between the two of them.  When finally it was Jake, of the two, whose emotions betrayed his growing physical needs, his sexual acquiescence still came with conditions attached: their relationship must remain a complete secret, in his profession - with his reputation - he could not afford to display any ‘weakness’, he had to maintain the respect of his workers at all costs; they would only ever meet at Kim’s apartment, he could not be seen to be socialising with an employee.  Kim was content to agree to any of Carver’s stipulations.
That had been almost nine months ago now, and during that time Carver’s relationship with Kim Dong-Moon had progressed more along the lines of a typical heterosexual affair rather than a homosexual coupling, and stood out as a single source of pleasure in an otherwise lonely sojourn in a country distant, both in miles and in culture, to the one he considered home; true, his work had been a constant source of satisfaction for him, particularly when it became apparent that the iconoclastic structure that they were building, which had at one time seemed little more than an old man's impossible dream, was steadily transforming into a bricks and mortar reality, but as a balm to his emotional needs the only relief was Kim.
Carver looked at his watch.  Still an hour and a half to touchdown, provided that they even ran to time: the headwinds across Japanese airspace were notoriously strong, and flights were habitually subject to short delays.  He momentarily wondered if Kim would be there at the airport to meet him, and then realised the foolishness of this thought: the Korean man did not even know which day, let alone which flight, Carver would be returning on.  No, he would return to his hotel suite, shower, and then call Kim later that evening when he had had a chance to recover from any initial jet lag; better that way, to meet him when he felt fresh and rested.  A glass of champagne might be a nice way to pass a few more minutes: he might as well take advantage of the few additional luxuries that his First Class fare permitted him.  Carver was just about to press the relevant button on the consul of his arm rest to summon the cabin steward, when the behaviour of the passenger who was seated in the mirror image seat to his own on the opposite aisle of the plane caught his attention.  The passenger was a woman, well dressed and well made up, not someone who immediately appeared out of place in the refined environment of the anterior of the aircraft, indeed she seemed more at ease with her rich surroundings than Carver - ever conscious of the price that such luxury arrived at - ever felt.  Carver had first been drawn to the fact that she had pulled from her handbag a small compact and had been studying her reflection, rather more attentively than the norm, for some few minutes, although conscious of accepted decorum Carver had tried not to stare, overly respectful of the needs of privacy in a primarily communal environment.  It was only when she had replaced the mirror though, that Carver noticed that the woman’s eyes were actually closed, and that she had appeared to lapse into a state approaching semi-meditation, her lips soundlessly moving, mouthing a silent incantation, both her hands and her fingers crossed in primeval, superstitious configuration, presumably both warding off evil and welcoming good fortune.  Across the woman’s lap Jake noticed lay a copy of the In-flight Safety Instructions, and momentarily, when her voice rose above the level of a whisper, Jake thought that he heard her say, “Forgive those who do not fasten their seatbelts, and those who do not return their seats to the upright position.”  Jake Carver was vaguely aware of the Church of the Higher We and its particular system of belief - in the same way that most uninterested people have heard of both Anglican and Presbyterian denominations but who would be hard pressed to actually differentiate between the two - but he could not recall ever having witnessed a specific example of their followers’ worship before, let alone ever having met one of their number.  Instinctively, he turned away from the scene, trying, instead, to find a point of interest outside the window, amidst the blank expanse of boundless sea, which would maintain his attention, but he found that he could not help but be drawn back to the woman, who, having adopted the ‘brace’ position, continued to commune with her God regardless of his interested attention.  Jake looked up and down the small, enclosed cabin, at one end, screened off from the Economy Class passengers by the aid of a thin curtain, at the other, separated from the flight deck, the pilot and his assistants by the proximity of a thick, reinforced, sealed door.  There were the backs of a few other heads, most slumped and sleeping in their comfortable, reclining seats, headphones attached, lost to sensation, and there was the row of small windows opening up upon the real world, revealing an orange sun just coming up beyond a skewed horizon, but otherwise there was nothing that Carver could see that merited special attention.  He wondered what it was that the woman could see that he was blind to.
Bored and agitated, Carver found himself searching his small, stow-on bag for a source of entertainment.  His fingers alighted on several letters: mail that he had picked up from his New York office with the intention of opening and dealing with during his hours of airborne confinement, but which had entirely slipped his mind.  He thumbed through the envelopes looking at the date stamps, trying to guess their source.  The first envelope in the pile looked the most interesting.  It had a colourful New Korea postage stamp - depicting the Ryugyong Hotel surrounded by an artificial blaze of bright fireworks - and had a hand-written address, in a writing that Carver did not recognise - not Kim, at any rate.  He slid his finger along the sealed edge and removed the letter.
Jake Carver had never received a blackmail note before, but that did not stop him from instantly recognising one when he saw it.  The wording could not have been more concise.  The letter was laid out like a traditional invoice with Carver’s name and the address of his New York offices at the top; beneath, in the section normally reserved for the description of the goods sent or the service provided, were the words “The price of silence” and in the total column the sum requested was a handsome twenty-five million dollars.  If Jake should have been left in any doubt as to the sincerity of the anonymous sender, under the bland heading of ‘Comments’ the normally empty space had been filled in with the words: “We’ll be in touch again soon, Buddy*.”
Chapter Twenty-Three

The article was only considered newsworthy enough to register three lines of text at the bottom of an inside page of the New York Times but its message was powerful enough to make Leyton Drisdale spill the cup of coffee he was holding.  Seconds later and he was reaching for a telephone and asking for the number of the NYPD.  He was soon connected to his favourite contact within the police department, the convivial Raymond Richens, who, although professing not to have even heard of the case that Drisdale mentioned, volunteered to “find out what he could” and give the solicitor a ring back.  “Soon” had been Drisdale’s final word.
Soon, had proved sooner than even the optimistic Drisdale had imagined, and an hour after having read the article he was in possession of as much knowledge of the case as the cops actually working on it.
“We’ve not got a lot to go on,” Richens had admitted, adopting the plural pronoun Drisdale had noted, either as an expression of solidarity with his work colleagues, or to absolve himself from direct responsibility for any shortcomings in the investigation.  “Name, Maria Gomez - common enough I suppose - age 45, address, small apartment block in Queens, pretty shitty neighbourhood.  I was up in the same street only last week on a different case.  Single gun shot wound to the head, fired from a 7.62 millimetre cartridge.  We’ve found the slug.”
“A Tokarev?”
“You tell me.  You seem to be one jump ahead of us on this one, Leyton.”
“No, not really.  Carry on.”
“Sniper’s accuracy.  Single shot from range.  No messing.”
“A professional hit?”
“It looks that way, but the victim...”  Richens had hesitated.  “She is not your typical contract killing target.  No previous criminal record.  And I mean, nothing.  Not the smallest misdemeanour, nothing.  No known links to any Latin mobs.  We are working on the assumption that it was a case of mistaken identity.  Unless you’ve got something which will make me think otherwise.”  
Richens had been fishing for an exchange of information but Drisdale had not been prepared to reveal what he knew before he could make clearer sense of all the facts, “What did she do for a living?”  Drisdale had asked.
“Private nursemaid.  Not live-in, but you know.  Had apparently been looking after a pair of old Argentinean biddies up in Jackson Heights.  They were really distressed to hear what had happened, said she was a lovely lady.  Same as her neighbours, they all say the same thing.”
“And before that?”
“Same line of work since school.  She must have been good.  She’d got qualifications, and all.”
Leyton Drisdale had begun to see a little shaft of light at the end of the tunnel: an idea had presented itself as to how the seemingly innocent Ms. Gomez could possibly have once surfaced into the same orbit as the maniacal Garnet G. Wendelson, and as a consequence of which her name was to appear on what was increasingly looking like a hit list for a faceless assassin called Medea.  Now all that Garnet and Maria Gomez shared was death.  If his suspicions were correct, Drisdale could not imagine somehow that the two of them would be companionably reminiscing about old times from either side of the Pearly Gates.  Still he had not been prepared to let Detective Richens know what he knew, not until he had had a chance to do some private investigations of his own, amongst the vast files of paperwork which he had inherited as part of the Wendelson estate.  He had had one final question for the policeman.
“Anything else?  You said that you found the cartridge.”
Drisdale had waited while he had heard Richens skim reading the remainder of the investigating officer’s report.  “Nothing much,” he concluded, “Time of death was sometime on Tuesday evening, we won’t know more precisely until the lab reports come through.  She was shot through her open apartment window from a vantage point on the roof of the building opposite, and her body wasn’t discovered immediately.  No one has come forward yet to say they recall hearing a shot, in that neighbourhood chances are they’ll keep shtum.  No prints from the roof.  Apparently there was a strange grease stain though, next to where the sniper’s gun must have been rested, perhaps something that was used to lubricate the trigger mechanism.  Initial analysis describes it as some kind of animal fat, but as I say, we’ll know more when we get the lab reports back.”
Drisdale had thanked Richens and promised that he would ring him in a day or two.  
The solicitor now sat in his office chair, twirling his Montblanc fountain pen between his fingers, his brow furrowed in thoughtful concentration.  On a large writing pad on the desk in front of him were a list of six names: the first three names, working down from the top of the page - Wendelson, Chin and Gomez - all had a bold strike through them, the next two - Drisdale and Carver - remained unadulterated.  It was beside the final name on the list - Meek - that Drisdale now added a big ink question mark.
Chapter Twenty-Four

It was not the first time that Martin had been told that there was a Guinness concession in Namibia.  Judging by the number of pints he had witnessed drunk of the potent black liquid since his arrival twelve days ago he considered that it was a smart decision on the part of the Irish-based brewery.  As with this evening, too, he was still just sufficiently sober to acknowledge that a considerable percentage of that consumption had disappeared down his own throat.  Although tonight he had competition from an unexpected source.  
“Two more here, when you’re ready,” said Martin’s companion, as the dark-skinned bar tender passed their table.  The voice was slurred and slightly louder than was strictly necessary, revealing that these were by no means the first beers that had been drunk that evening.  The older man turned back to Martin, “I was telling you about when I met Lord Lucan.  Lucky, you know.  Of course, when I knew him he was just plain Richard Bingham.  Dicky, I used to call him.  Dicky Bingham.  Named a racehorse after him, you know.  Or was it a dog?  I forget.”  Despite the effects of alcohol on the man’s vocal chords, there was no doubt from the clipped vowels and swallowed consonants that Martin’s fellow drinker must have, at some time, been a member of what would still be described as the English aristocracy: ‘at some time’ because judging from his dirty clothes, and long, straggling, greasy hair and white beard, tinged orange around the mouth from nicotine, he did not give the appearance of having visited any ancestoral ‘pile’ for many a long generation.  Martin had asked the man his name when he had first entered the bar and if he would mind him joining him at his table, but he had not caught the man’s reply, having not sufficiently attuned himself to the upper class accent, and now, several hours later, it seemed too late to repeat his enquiry.
The man pulled a packet of tobacco from out of an inside pocket of a white sport’s jacket, stained grey with sweat, and proceeded to roll a homemade cigarette on the table top between brown-tipped fingers.  It would be the fifth time during the course of the evening that he had attempted the same procedure, each time discarding the final, neat tube, without smoking it, with the words, “A filthy habit.  I have given up.”
Martin prompted him back towards the topic of his earlier conversation, “You were talking about Lord Lucan.”
“Dicky, yes.  Did I tell you that I met him?”
“Where?”
“Here.  Well, not in this bar, I mean.  But here.  This is Botswana, isn’t it?”
“No Namibia,” answered Martin.
The man did not seem to recognise the distinction, “Oh well, near as damn it the same thing.  No point quibbling, what?”
“No, no,” Martin agreed, although feeling increasingly convinced that his amiable companion was not entirely compos mentis.
“We used to race together, you know.”
“Horses?”
“No cars.  There was me, and Dicky, and Graham.  I like to think that I was probably the fastest.  I could have turned professional, you know, but it was not considered seemly.  Even a gentlemen’s trade is, after all, just a trade.”
“Quite.”  Martin found that he could not help but imitate his companion’s mannerisms.
“Still love the motors, you know.  Got an old Benzo soft top parked right outside.  Perhaps give you a spin in it later, if you like.”
Martin doubted very much that the old man would be driving anywhere later with the volume of alcohol he had consumed, and certainly not with him as a passenger, but he refrained from commenting, instead once again prompting, “And Lord Lucan?  Dicky?”
“I would have known him anywhere.  It might have been forty years ago, but you don’t forget, do you.”
“No, I suppose not.  And you saw him here?”
“Here?  No.  Heavens no.  It was in Botswana.”
Martin vaguely recalled a report that the missing peer had once been ‘spotted’ in the Botswanan capital of Gaberone, gambling in the casino of the Holiday Inn, back in 1976, not so very long after the murderous events of the night of 7th November 1974 when he had - presumably - first been forced to flee Britain.
“And when was this?” asked Martin, “Some time ago?”
“Oh God, yes.  God, yes,” he reiterated, “March, perhaps.  Maybe even February.”
Martin was astounded, “What, this year?”
“This year?  Why, yes, of course, this year.  Not likely to remember otherwise.”
“Did you report it?”
“No, no.  Good luck to him, that’s what I say.  Always stood his round did Dicky.  Or was that someone else?  Anyway, have to admire him, what?”
“Why?”
“Only man I know to discover the secret of immortality.”
Martin looked puzzled, “I’m sorry, I don’t understand.”
The old man tapped a finger to his temple, where the thin skin was pale and flaky, like the dry wrap of a snake waiting to be shed, “Never going to die, is he?  Or at least, he is, of course, but no one is going to know it.  There have been people claiming to see him all around the world for the past forty years - that is not going to change.  In 2050 you will still have people claiming that they have just seen Lord Lucan and, who knows, perhaps they just have.  Its the same as Shergar.  Its the same as that Osama Bin Laden chappie.  They will all live for ever.”
“Due to absence of proof that they have ever died?”
“Precisely.  You are catching on, young man.  Your round, I think.”
Martin had barely made any impression on his last drink and was surprised to see that his companion’s glass was once again empty.  “Same again?”
“Of course, dear boy.  There’s nothing else, is there.  Only the local piss.  And if it is one thing that you learn through living in the tropics for as long as I have, it’s that you don’t get very far by drinking the local piss.”
As Martin stood at the counter waiting for the bar’s owner to reappear and serve him, he considered the old man’s words and speculated whether his own disappearance would result in a kind of immortality for himself.  Certainly, when he looked in the long mirror behind the bar, he barely recognised himself: over a week’s growth of beard, his hair cropped short where he had finally removed his head bandage, and a general air of dishevelled poverty, had transformed his appearance into that of a world-weary traveller, far removed from the person he had grown to know and accept; the person cosseted by the five star luxury world provided by a rich master.  If there was anyone out there looking for him they would be hard-pressed to track him down here.  Was there actually anyone who would miss him though?  That was the real question.
Martin’s companion was still talking about missing persons when Martin finally returned with two more drinks.
“That Saddam, he’s another one.”
“But he’s dead,” argued Martin.
“That’s what they want you to think,” answered the old man, cryptically, instinctively reaching inside his jacket pocket, at the same time, to begin his cigarette rolling ritual over once again.  “Think they got him during the Iraqi War do you?”
“I saw pictures on the TV,” answered Martin, “There was no doubt, it was him.”
“A double,” said the man, decisively.  “He had several you know.  Had his whole family done before the Americans attacked.  Cloned.  All those Yanks ever killed was a palace full of Madame Tussaud’s style waxworks.  The real ones, they’re all here, you know.  They’re all living here now.”
“What in Namibia?  Are you saying that Saddam Hussein is still living, here in Namibia?”
“Namibia!  No, South Africa, what are you talking about.  Namibia, nonsense.”
Martin’s companion was becoming more garrulous as he became drunker, and Martin looked around the bar nervously, anxious that other customers might take offence at the old man’s ranting.  He need have little to worry about, other than one large, dark-skinned, young man, cloaked from neck to foot in a single, white, flowing robe, that spilled around him and the chair he sat upon like a Bedouin tent, and who appeared to be lost in studied concentration of the bottom of an empty wine glass, the remainder of the bar was deserted.
International terrorism appeared to be a rich topic of discussion for the old English gentleman.  “Never understand those suicide bombers,” he was saying, “Not like the Nips during the last war, at least you knew where you were with them.”
“I’m sorry?”  Martin had lost the thread of his elderly companion’s conversation.
“I can begin to see the sense in one man driving a car bomb into a building, if he believes that that is going to somehow allow him to become closer to his God.  But three?  I mean, where is the sense in that?  How do you persuade someone to be a passenger on a suicide mission?  All I can think is that these people must have a far greater faith in a magical hereafter than anything that I have ever discovered during my four score years on this planet.  And let me tell you, when you get to my age, you begin to think seriously about such things.”
Martin found himself smiling, despite his own personal beliefs, at the old man’s lack of political correctness; a throwback to a different generation.  There was something undeniably refreshing about a conversation where you could walk freely through the potential minefields of race, gender and religion.  “Oh, you’re not so old, surely.”  Martin attempted to divert his drinking partner’s talk with a compliment, but the man continued speaking as though he had not heard him.
“In fact I think all of these so-called terrorist groups are rather... what would be your modern day expression?  Lightweight.  I’ll give you those planes hitting the buildings in New York were fairly spectacular, and that dirty bomb in Seattle those couple of years back was innovative, although I understand, even there, people are already beginning to move back to the affected regions.  Doesn’t take long does it?   Humans, hey?  Born survivors.  Wouldn’t have seen anyone from my generation scared off by a dash of low-grade radioactive uranium.  It was real bombs when I was a lad, blow your legs off and be done, none of this long-term cancer stuff.”
“But...”
“No, if I was a member of Al-Qaeda, or that new lot... what are they called?”
“The Faction?”
“That’s them.  Do you know what I’d do?”
“No.”
“The Channel Tunnel.”
Martin attempted to protest, “But, security...”
“Or the Houses of Parliament.  That man Fawkes had the right idea there.  He was the first modern terrorist.  Damn sight more ambition about him than any of these other showers.  He’s another one achieved immortality.”
“But he was found guilty of treason and hung, drawn and quartered,” said Martin, recalling his schoolboy history.
“Not immortality.  What word do I mean?”
Martin shrugged, unable to think of an alternative suggestion.
“Infamy.  That’s it.  Amounts to the same thing.”  The old man repeated himself, his voice quieter now.  “Amounts to the same thing.”
Martin watched, fascinated, as his companion’s eyes slowly rolled back, revealing dirty-white eyeballs, sightless in their sockets, looking like old hard-boiled eggs covered with a gelatinous film and a layer of dust.  The old man’s head nodded once, twice and then slumped forward onto his chest, the combined influences of alcohol and tiredness finally silencing him.  So sudden had been the man’s transformation from animated dialogue to deep somnolent repose that Martin wondered whether he was a sufferer of narcolepsy, or perhaps - the idea momentarily flashed through Martin’s head - that he had suffered a heart failure and was actually now dead, but the presence of a dark, throbbing, green vein, standing proud against the pale skin of the old man’s forehead instantly dispelled such fanciful notions.  
The sleeping man had begun to snore loudly, and Martin wondered if he should just leave him where he was and let the bar staff take responsibility for removing him, or whether, in the spirit of comradeship to a fellow imbiber, he should try to make the old man more comfortable, and keep him company until he stirred.  Deciding on this latter course of action, Martin leant forward across the table that separated them, and despite a physical aversion to touching the papery skin and unwashed clothes of his companion, attempted to push his head backwards so that he would be sitting back in his chair in a less awkward posture.  It was at this moment that he noticed that the other solitary customer in the bar had silently approached, and now stood at his shoulder.
“You are stealing his wallet, yes?”
Martin looked up, startled; angry, but also embarrassed by the suggestion, “No, I was trying...”
“It is all right.”  The newcomer flashed a dazzling, broad smile.  “I will not tell him.”
Martin continued to protest his innocence, unsure of why he also felt guilty even when he knew that his intentions had been pure; realising that although he would never actually have committed such a treacherous act as that which he was being accused of, nevertheless the thought had crossed his mind, if only very fleetingly, “No, really.  I was doing nothing of the sort.”  Martin felt self-conscious, aware that he was sounding pompous.  “I was attempting to make him comfortable.”
The standing man smiled even wider, a look of merriment dancing in his eyes, amused disbelief written in his expression, “Of course, of course, my friend.  A most honourable intention, and one worthy of such a gentleman as yourself.  Please forgive me my presumptuous error.”  He held out his hand in an attitude requesting that he be allowed to join Martin at his table.
Martin said nothing in reply, but indicated for the new arrival to sit.
The man whisked up the bottoms of his djellaba, in the manner of a seventeenth century madam hoisting up her petticoats, and accepted the offer of a chair.  He faced Martin squarely, his eyes, unblinking, staring into Martin’s beer-soaked lenses, not saying a word.  There was an hypnotic quality about his close attention; Martin found that he could not continue to meet his gaze, and looked down at his empty glass, conscious in some way that he had just been defeated in an unspoken game.  It was the robed man who broke the silence first, “You must think me very rude.  I have not introduced myself.  My name is Ghiliba.”

••••••••••

The old man continued to snore loudly as Martin and Ghiliba talked long into the night.  At one point Ghiliba removed a box containing dominoes from an inside pocket of his voluminous garment, and set them down on the table.  “Do you play?”
“No.”
“I will teach you.  It is a good game.  It is a game of subtle skill, not appreciated by many in the West, where it is considered just a game of chance.  I think I am right, yes.  I will teach you how to play dominoes like an African.”
That Ghiliba was inordinately proud of his dark continent origins, Martin had ascertained within the first few minutes of their meeting: several hours later now, though, and he found himself hard-pressed to recall any other definitive facts about his new friend.  His question as to Ghiliba’s precise country of birth had been answered by a general, “I am a man of Africa”; an enquiry as to how he made his living, was parried by a vague, “Wherever I go, I am blessedly fortunate that people are generous with their charity”; and a direct question as to what had brought him to this unlikely coastal outpost, had been answered by a maddening, “I can only follow the path that my feet show me”.  Admittedly, Martin himself had shied away from revealing any truths about his own identity and origins - since his hurried departure from New York, he had assumed the name of Michael Mertens in all social encounters which did not require the evidence of a passport to reveal otherwise - and so he was perhaps being over-optimistic to expect his companion to be expansive in the face of his own evasion.  In the absence of any other anchors with which to fix the enigmatic Ghiliba, Martin, instead, found himself paying unusual attention to the man’s appearance: he was dark-skinned, but not with the glossy black complexion like a native of these southern climes, nor like one of the European settlers exposed to too many years of the harsh sun, their skin baked into thick, red, leathery hides, resembling the dried biltong they ate.  Martin guessed that Ghiliba’s origins were possibly more north African, maybe Arab, although he may have been influenced in that assumption by his companion’s dress sense.  His skin was smooth, unblemished by either tribal scars or time, and his round face gave him a look of innocence, which the few words he had uttered did not belie.  He was only a young man: Martin guessed probably five years - maybe more - younger than himself, although he carried himself with the assurance of successful maturity, more than the arrogance of ignorant youth.  He was tall too: Martin was no midget, and yet his new friend, when he had been standing, had towered above him, maybe six feet five, or six feet six in his flat, open-toed sandals, and although the djellaba went some way to disguising his girth, it was still obvious that his figure would have been affectionately described as Buddha-like.  It was the eyes, though, of his new companion, which Martin found most compelling, and which possessed the hypnotic quality that Martin had experienced when they first met: unusual for a man professing to be indigenous to this continent, Ghiliba’s eyes were pale turquoise in colour, looking like two, watery opals, blinking out, and inviting to be discovered, from the depths of a dark surrounding earth.
The solitary bar tender appeared to have shut up shop for the night; chairs had been stowed on top of, or in some cases, underneath tables, and a latch, more ceremonial than functional, had been drawn across the swing top counter of the bar, inhibiting passage between the area reserved for customers and the quarters which were the exclusive preserve of staff.  The bar keeper had made no attempt to make Martin and Ghiliba vacate his premises, on the contrary, he had left a complimentary bottle of cheap whisky and two small shots glasses within reach of his final two patrons, and had murmured something to Ghiliba in a gutteral-sounding language which Martin did not understand, but which seemed to interpret into an invitation to remain, before disappearing behind a screen into a room beyond the bar, and presumably his bed.  It was only after the barman had left them and their still sleeping compatriot alone, that Ghiliba revealed at little more as to how he had come to find himself in Swakopmund.
“I am on a journey, my friend.  Like you too, I think.  It is a spiritual journey as much as a physical one, although it is purely a physical reason why I chanced to stop here.  The body must be fed in the same way that the mind must be stimulated, without new sustenance both will wither and die.”
“So where is it that you are going?” asked Martin, ignoring Ghiliba’s spiritual reference, assuming that he would be on safer territory sticking with earthly geography.
“My path began at Cape Agulhas, you have heard of it?”  Martin confessed his ignorance and so Ghiliba continued, “It is the most southerly point of my continent.”
Martin interrupted, “But I thought that was...”
“You are going to suggest the Cape of Good Hope, is that not right, my friend?”  Martin admitted that it was.  Ghiliba continued, “All people from the West believe that the Cape of Good Hope* is the furthest south they can travel, but it is not so.  Just because it is a name you understand, you stick with believing falsehoods, because you are lazy to learn the truth.  Is that not so?”
Martin felt compelled to object to the accusation, “But Agulhas* is not an African word surely, it sounds more...”
“That is of no importance.  What matters is what I said.”  Ghiliba did not display with any facial expressions his annoyance at being contradicted, indeed he still exhibited a wide smile, but Martin recognised the slight tonal change in his voice which betrayed his outward bonhomie.  Martin decided that on some matters it would be prudent not to challenge local knowledge.
“And from Cape Agulhas...?” Martin prompted, pronouncing the unfamiliar word deliberately slowly, feigning the behaviour of a child; uncertain of himself but willing to be taught.  As a ruse to draw out more information from his companion it proved successful.
“I am making my way north, through as many of the countries of my own people as I can, until I reach the sea again above the Gulf of Tunis, then I hope that my quest will be over, but only He...”  Ghiliba looked momentarily heavenwards, “can know that for sure.”
Martin was intrigued by his new friend’s proposed journey and was full of questions, “How long will you be travelling for?  And how do you get about?  I mean, car, train... aeroplane?” he suggested, tentatively.
Ghiliba raised his cupped hands upwards, “You ask me how I will travel?  I say that there is always someone generous to provide.  And when my prayers for conveyance are not met, then I have these.”  Ghiliba pointed down to his feet, the thin, canvas sandals he was wearing looking barely capable of standing up to a gentle stroll to the end of the street, let alone a transcontinental expedition.  “You ask me how long I will travel?  I say as long as it takes.  I am not master of my own destiny.  Only when all my people have heard my message, then will I know that it is time for me to rest.”
“And what is your message?” asked Martin.
“You have heard of mancala, yes?”
As it happened, Martin had been introduced to the term only a couple of evenings previously.  He had been engaged watching two men intently playing a simple board game, involving a wooden board divided up into different sectors, on top of which were placed a number of small, brightly painted pebbles, which the two men moved back and forth in a manner seemingly random and unpremeditated to the uninitiated Martin.  When he had asked what the name of the game was, he had been told mancala*.
Martin answered Ghiliba, “Yes, it is a game, right?”
For the first time Martin saw Ghiliba frown, “For you Westerners everything is a game.  My whole continent, your forefathers carved up just like a big game, yes?”
Martin tried to be appease the unpredictable giant, “I’m sorry if I offended you.  Perhaps I misunderstood.  Please tell me... you were talking about mancala.”
Ghiliba smiled again, reaching across the table to slap Martin companionably across the shoulder, “It is all right, my friend.  I do not blame you for the wrongs of your ancestors.  Mancala.  Yes, some people think it is a game.  You know, I have heard some of your Western anthropologists describe it as the oldest game.  It is funny, yes?  It is also the most widespread game.  Did you know that?  You go to Lesotho, you play mancala.  You go to Brazzaville, you play mancala.  You go to Freetown, you play mancala.  Kigali, Djibouti, Tripoli, in all places, you play mancala.  A good game, yes?”  Martin was not allowed the opportunity of offering an opinion before Ghiliba answered for him, “No.  These people, my people, they think they are playing a game.  Let me tell you they are not.  Mancala, it is not a game, it is an exercise in control.  It is a Western plot to further subvert the will of the African race.  Do you see?”  Again Martin was not permitted a breathing space in which to answer.  “You have my people, in Lesotho, in Brazzaville, in Freetown, they are all living in poverty, living lives more befitting of the dogs they keep tethered up behind their houses, than of noble human beings, and what do they do?  They play games.  Mancala, that is what they do.  And they play their games and they think the world is not such a bad place, because if the world was truly evil then there would not be any games to play at all.  But they are wrong.  They have all been tricked.  It is all a Western plan to keep my people down.  If they are wasting their time playing their simple games they do not have the time to rise up and do what they should be doing.”
“Which is?”  Martin said, surprising even himself that he had managed to slip in the two words into the course of Ghiliba’s torrential oratory.
“Which is.  Which is,” Ghiliba echoed, “Which is to fight.  To reclaim what is rightly theirs.  Do you know what mancala means?”
Martin did not answer immediately, not expecting his companion to pause, in the way that he now did, actually requesting a response.  Finally he said, “No, I’m sorry, not a clue.”
“It is an old Arabic word.  It means to transfer.  You have seen the so-called game being played, yes?  This is what these men do, is it not?  They transfer their counters, or their chips, or their stones, whatever it is they are playing with.  Mancala.  It is the name I have adopted for my network, for my union as I like to think of it, a union of brothers across this mighty continent, all boundaries set aside, united as one people.  Mancala.  Transfer, you understand?  Our aim is to transfer all the lands that were taken from my African ancestors back to their rightful kin.  It is an honourable intention, do you not think?”
Martin found himself nodding in agreement.  Was it those hypnotic eyes again?  There was something undeniably charismatic about Ghiliba, not that this was necessarily always a good thing: there were people who described Hitler as being charismatic upon meeting him so, too, Idi Amin, but that did not automatically mean what they said was right.
Ghiliba had continued speaking, “I heard you talking earlier with the old man.”  He indicated their sleeping companion, with a nod of his head, “I heard you speak of Saddam, and of Osama.  I think you disagreed with the old man’s opinion, am I right?”  Martin, by now was feeling so tired, his head confused by the combined effects of alcohol and rhetoric, that he could not recall a word of what his elderly companion had previously talked to him about.  Once again he found himself nodding in agreement, and so Ghiliba continued, “I think that you thought that these brothers were freedom fighters, not terrorists, am I right?”  Another nod.  “I think that you could be just the man I have been looking for.  I need a spokesman to spread the message of Mancala to the West.  When the time is right, you will be that man.”
Martin did not dispute the bizarre statement, merely asking, “And when will I know the time is right?”
Ghiliba had risen from his seat, preparing to leave.  As he walked towards the door of the bar he said simply before leaving, “You will know, my brother.”
Martin felt his eyes beginning to close, and his head beginning to nod with exhaustion, and he had to summon all his remaining energy to force himself to an upright position and make his way over to the single, dirty pane of glass which passed as a window in the room.  Outside, to the extremities of his vision the African night was terrifyingly dark, having closed in like a thick black tar while he had been drinking, but immediately outside the bar a small electric lantern, almost appearing alive with the mass of nocturnal insects it had attracted to the promise of its weak light, shed a peculiar yellow glow to illuminate Ghiliba’s retreating form.  Martin watched as the big man, his white robes reflecting the lantern’s rays like a photographer’s screen, advanced purposefully towards the solitary vehicle in sight - a white, mud bespattered Mercedes Benz convertible - saw him smash the front offside window with the wooden dominoes box which he had retrieved from the tabletop, reach inside the broken pane in order to open the door, and then having clambered inside, manage to start the engine and drive the big car away within a matter of seconds, not bothering to turn on the headlights, supremely confident in the direction of his path ahead.
It appeared that once again the local people had proved ‘generous’ to the Mancala cause.
Chapter Twenty-Five

Kim Dong-Moon was not at home.  Judging from the look of his apartment it appeared that he had not slept there for several days, possibly longer.  Jake Carver had already telephoned the construction company that he knew that Kim was most commonly contracted to, only to be told that Kim had phoned in sick a week beforehand and had not been seen since: the manager had sounded annoyed on the phone, the company had another big project they were working on at the moment and, although labour was in cheap supply, someone with Kim’s experience was a rare commodity.  Jake gathered that Kim was required to report back to work as soon as possible, or face the consequences.  Jake’s next move had been to ring around the couple of hospitals that were most local to Kim’s district of Pyongyang, to check if anyone under his name had been admitted recently - not knowing the nature of Kim’s illness it was only human nature to suspect the worst.  Carver’s paucity of the Korean language had defeated his investigative attempts at the first number he called, and at the second he had been politely but firmly informed that the hospital was not at liberty to provide such information.  It was a long shot at any rate: Carver recalled a conversation he had had with Kim Dong-Moon only a month or so beforehand about the poor standard of care in New Korean hospitals, when Kim’s exact words had been, “I would have to be dead before I went near one of those places.”
Secrecy having been a key tenet of their relationship together from the start, it now occurred to Carver that the negative side of such discretion was the fact that he knew almost no one else who actually knew Kim Dong-Moon: he had met none of his friends; had not been introduced to any of his family; actually knew very little about his past existence.  All he knew was the truth they had shared together, and up until now that had been enough.  Carver stared blankly out of the window of Kim’s apartment block, looking directly at the twin structure immediately opposite; two small parts of a much larger estate of functional, workers’ housing, built on Stalinist designs and ideas.  The despair that Carver currently felt, though, was not so much motivated by the depressing view, as by his own sense of inadequacy.  He was a man of action, and he was not used to feeling so powerless.  It was ironic, he thought: he had believed that the greatest luxury that money could buy was freedom, and now here he was, richer than ever he could have imagined, and, at the same time, shackled, as effectively as in any prison.  It was still only a matter of hours since his flight from New York had touched down, and suddenly Jake Carver felt overcome by a sense of tiredness.  He crossed to the small bed, in the corner of the room, that he had shared with Kim so very recently, and lay down, not bothering to remove his clothes.  He could still smell the familiar aftershave of his friend on the pillow as he sunk his head into the cushion’s downy embrace.  He was just so tired.  He could not think.  Perhaps he would wake up tomorrow morning and Kim would be here, and all the questions that were whirring around in his head, like a flock of anxious, squawking birds searching for a safe place to roost, would be answered.  One question, above all else, he kept returning to; one anomaly that he could not understand.  It had puzzled him since the very moment that he had opened the blackmail note on the aeroplane, had remained nagging away at him like an irate hornet ever since his arrival in New Korea, but now only actually revealed itself as a fully formed question, here in Kim’s apartment, as Carver was attempting to fall asleep: why had the blackmail demand been for such a vast amount of money?
No one knew about his unexpected inheritance.  No, that was not quite true.  Drisdale knew, of course, and now so too did that idiot nursemaid Meek, and he presumed that somewhere, out there, probably at this very moment, lying beside her semi-automatic rifle, one anonymous female sharp-shooter of Ukrainian descent, also knew pretty much the details of his new found wealth, but no one else.  Certainly no one in Pyongyang that he was aware of.  He himself had had no idea of the windfall that was awaiting him when he had been urgently summoned to New York by Garnet Wendelson’s solicitor, immediately after the billionaire’s fall; he had not contacted Kim since his departure - not through want of trying, just because of what he had presumed had been the vagaries of the international phone network - and there was no one else that he knew in Pyongyang whom he could think of who could have acquired such knowledge.  So why such a huge demand?  True, the Jake Carver of old was not a poor man, but twenty five million dollars?  That was a sum far exceeding anything even the most successful of civil engineers would have been able to lay their hands on.  No, there was something wrong here, somewhere.  The blackmailer must have had prior knowledge of the fortune that was to be his.  And yet it seemed impossible that anyone could have come by the information.  Discover the source of the ‘leak’ and he would discover the identity of his persecutor.  For some reason that he could not explain, Carver trusted Leyton Drisdale’s discretion implicitly.  Martin Meek, though, now that was a different matter.  There was nothing he could do that evening, but perhaps by the morning a course of action would become apparent to him.
Until then sleep would be the only escape. 

••••••••••

Leyton Drisdale’s return phone call to Detective Richens was brief, but was the fruition of many hours spent pouring over the mountains of paperwork that had comprised part of the Wendelson legacy.  The slip of paper, when he found it, had been insignificant to look at, but was confirmation of Drisdale’s growing suspicions as to the connection between his former client and the dead woman, Maria Gomez.  It was a receipt, dated more than twenty years earlier, for a reimbursement of expenses for a visa application made out in the dead woman’s name, and written in Garnet’s familiar handwriting.   The destination for which the visa was required was not specified, but it did not take Drisdale long, by comparing the dates he knew of Garnet’s past travels with the date written on the top of the receipt, to discover that the date would have coincided with an imminent departure of the Wendelson entourage for a trip to the Ukraine.  No coincidence: on the contrary, it had been the result that Drisdale had been anticipating.  The conclusion to draw from the discovery seemed apparent: Maria Gomez had been Garnet’s carer - in all probability only very briefly - during a period in the late nineteen eighties, quite likely having been engaged in Florida, during the final days of his southern sojourn, indeed, most likely immediately after Drisdale himself had visited Garnet in order to draw up the now notorious will.  The trip to the Ukraine had followed almost immediately afterwards, a journey where Maria had been required to chaperone her new employer; a journey that had ultimately proved to be her death warrant.  Drisdale presumed that Maria Gomez, whilst accompanying Garnet on this trip, must have either actually met the mysterious Medea or, at the very least, had acquired some knowledge about her identity which could now be used to trace her, and which meant that she constituted a threat to the assassin’s continued anonymity.
Drisdale knew why his own name was on Medea’s list - if he had not carried out his role as executor to Garnet’s will in the precise manner that the old man had demanded, he was quite convinced that he would not still be alive and sitting at his comfortable desk today - and he knew why Carver was on Medea’s list.  Martin Meek was the real puzzle.  Perhaps, like Maria Gomez before him, he unwittingly possessed some nugget of information which, while currently condemning him, might ultimately preserve him.
Interlude

Let me attempt to describe to you the beauty that I see in a soaring aeroplane.  I know the Aesthetic is not paramount to all followers of the Church of the Higher We - for some the ritualistic aspect of faith is what is key, for others it is the camaraderie, for many it is the security of routine - but for me, it has been having my eyes opened to physical beauty and its associated Truth which is central to my own personal belief.  Such thinking is not unique, I know: many ancient religions have held a reverence for the beauty of nature to be a tenet of their faith; many other organised religions have considered the very denial of such beauty to be a measure of the power of an individual’s devotion, hence the great purges of graven images in Reformation England or in modern Islam, where any manmade, artificial constructs of beauty are considered to be false idols and only serve to distract from the purity of worship.
Before I continue, I feel that I should explain my own position a little more clearly: I was - and still am - a successful, independent, career woman.  I wear trendy clothes, I go to fashionable shops, I eat out at some of the most expensive restaurants in Lower Manhattan.  What I am attempting to convey to you, the reader, is that I am not a geek.  I am not your average plane spotter, hanging out on the viewing platform at Kennedy, wearing a duffel coat and sandals, hopeful of glimpsing a new registration number, or a freshly painted aeroplane livery.  Sorry, no, that just doesn’t do it for me, and, more crucially, it is nothing to do with what the Church of the Higher We is all about.
How many of us cannot truly say, that at some time, we have looked up and chanced to glimpse a passenger jet breaking through a cloud, or flying all alone in a perfect, clear blue sky, and not felt a sense of awe: not awe at Man’s ingenuity and invention, but in the pure, physical spectacle of several hundred tonnes of moulded aluminium alloy up so high, where we unaided can not presume to go.  And does not such a vision always require a certain suspension of disbelief on the part of the onlooker, for who can really imagine, when one is standing, feet firmly planted on terra firma, that held safely within that sleek and shining hull, thirty thousand feet up in the thin airs, are other people just the same as we.  And who, when actually on board an aircraft and flying high in the sky, in an environment alien to everything that as human beings we consider comfortable and familiar, can have failed to glance down at the diminished planet beneath them, and with a sympathetic nod of kinship at a largely Earth bound brethren, not felt a sense of superiority at being able to look down - if only temporarily - from somewhere quite so high.

(Extract from chapter four of We Can All Fly Together: How The Church of the Higher We Changed My Life by Amanda de Boek.)
Chapter Twenty-Six

The day before Martin Meek had woken up to discover two scorpions fighting over the right of possession of his vacant left shoe.  Today he was taking no chances that either of the combatants had returned, thoroughly shaking out both dirty plimsols before attempting to force his feet into them.
Precisely how he had managed to return to his lodging the night before, he was unable to relate: not for the first time in his life, Martin offered up a silent prayer to the guardian Saint of Drunks, the nameless* individual who always seems to look after the well-being of the overly inebriated and guide them back to a place of sanctuary when their own physical body and mental faculties are not working sufficiently co-operatively such that they are capable of helping themselves.  It was the same saint that had managed to undress Martin, to fold his clothes in a neat pile on the chair beside his bed, and to remove his grubby shoes and tuck them away safely beneath his bed, but sadly, it was apparent that the same saint’s duties did not appear to have run to preventing the drunken Martin from pissing into the waste paper basket in the corner of his bedroom, which he had mistakenly identified as the toilet bowl when he had eventually stumbled back home at four o’clock the morning before.  The distasteful odour now emanating from that corner of his room and the associated energetic buzzing of a posse of bemused flies had been two factors that had contrived to stir Martin from his alcohol-induced slumber.  The third factor had been a sudden new-found sense of purpose in life.
One of the first things that Martin was to see upon waking, his eyes still adjusting to the harsh daylight streaming through the open blinds at his window, his head throbbing angrily from the previous evening’s excesses, was a small printed handbill that he had picked up from a tabletop in the bar shortly after his drinking companion Ghiliba’s unorthodox departure.  There had been several similar leaflets left on other tables in the saloon, and it was clear that Ghiliba had been serious when he had spoken about his intention of spreading the message of Mancala.  The message of the flyer was simple, and was duplicated in several languages, in bold letters across the top of the paper: ‘Workers of Black Africa Unite’.  There followed a brief paragraph outlining the history - according to Mancala - of the decades of oppression suffered by African labourers at the hands of Western global capitalists, and finished with a more optimistic ‘call to arms’ and specifically an invitation to attend a big rally of sympathetic supporters in Goma, Democratic Republic of Congo, on New Year’s Eve, 2010, when it was promised that the ultimate aims of Mancala would be revealed and ‘riches beyond imagination would be bestowed upon the congregation’.  The Mancala motto was printed on the bottom of the sheet ‘Work for Power’ alongside a rather contradictory logo of a sleeping lion.  Martin could not deny that he had been impressed by his companion’s zeal and charisma from the night before, but re-reading the Mancala literature he realised that Ghiliba’s fight was not his own.  The encounter, though, had made him realise that he had been wasting his time somewhat, not just since his flight to Namibia, but for several years beforehand too: he had allowed his own self, his personality and more importantly his beliefs be superseded by other people’s ambitions; more specifically one man’s ambition.  And where had it got him?  A fugitive, scared for his life, unable to show his face in the society with which he was familiar.  It was not the way he wished to live the remainder of his years, however many they should be.  During his final years as Garnet’s carer, he had all but forgotten his commitments to the Church of the Higher We, indeed, it had only been on the final day of his employment - as, due to subsequent events, it turned out to be - that he had revealed to the wheelchair bound man the nature of his own beliefs.  Martin had found it strangely exhilarating talking about Higher We, after having so long suppressed his faith, it had been a liberating, powerful experience, only spoilt ultimately when he had noticed Garnet’s reaction to his speech: the old man had turned purple in the face with a pent up fury, barely able to articulate himself such was his rage.  Finally when he did speak, it was to say just one word: “Nonsense”.  It had been a sad note on which to end their working relationship, and even despite the subsequent revelations of Garnet’s will, something for which Martin still felt a sense of disappointment.
The view from the window of his room was one of strange contrasts.  To look at the neighbouring building, one could be forgiven for thinking that Martin had woken up and been suddenly transported to Bavaria or somewhere in the Austrian Tyrol: the construction was of several storeys, solidly built of brick and wood in an undeniably Germanic style, colourfully painted bright yellow, and with a picturesque sloping roof, which could prove anything other than functional in a climate that has probably not seen a snow flake since the end of the last Ice Age.  Opposite stood another similar structure, on a road, tarmacked and refreshingly clear of pot holes, but then suddenly beyond this point the view altered startlingly.  True the road continued to the far horizon, but rather than being lined by residential dwellings as was the case when journeying towards the centre of Swakopmund, in the opposite direction there was sand for as far as the eye could see; a vast, expansive desert of orange dunes.  Martin watched as a large, white truck, made the transition, driving from the urban street out into the wilderness immediately beyond.  The vision was something like how he imagined ancient mariners must have felt when they believed that at some point they would sail too far and their boat would simply drop off the edge of the world.  The truck passed a solitary, stark tree, which marked the beginning of the desert track, sending up a great cloud of resting locusts from its dry branches.  High above, the vapour trail of a passing jet was the only blemish across a deep blue African sky.  For Martin the glistening plane acted as something of a reaffirmation of his earlier conviction: it was time for him to consider what was important in his life; for too long he had been a piece of flotsam drifting along upon life’s tide.  It was time for a change.  A wash and a shave would be a good starting point: he had almost been refused entry to the bar the night before due to his slovenly appearance.  It was not the kind of behaviour that would be expected of a future missionary of the Church of the Higher We, Africa region.

••••••••••

Swakopmund is a curious hotchpotch of a community, both in terms of its architecture and its people.  A significant harbour during the German colonial period, many of the town’s finest buildings date from the late nineteenth century, although having since gained importance as a pleasant, seaside resort for wealthy weekenders from the capital Windhoek, and also as the largest town serving the world’s most important open cast uranium mine, at nearby Rossing, the town has had to adapt to new influences and new visitors.  Swakopmund has something of the feel of an oasis settlement about it: surrounded to the south and east by one of the world’s harshest environments, the arid Namib Desert, to the north by the beginnings of the aptly named Skeleton Coast, and with the Atlantic Ocean directly to the west no more welcoming, the cold Benguela Current flowing from the Southern Ocean around Antarctica ensuring that the offshore waters remain forever icy, the cluster of low buildings and Lutheran spires that peak above the mist-enshrouded streets appear to be the only safe refuge in an otherwise hostile wilderness stretching out to the direction of every point on the compass.  Such places encourage an eclectic mix of passing travellers: artists rub shoulders with farmers and fishermen; tough mine workers mingle with statuesque Herero women in their fine, wide dresses and colourful scarves; blonde, blue-eyed and dunagareed descendants of original German settlers take their place alongside the new breed of wannabe yuppies from South Africa and further afield, enjoying the cafe society and casinos of the Damaraland Riviera.
The Martin Meek who walked down to the harbour front later that same day was a changed man to the one who had attempted to drown his past in a beer glass the night before.  Gone were the dirty clothes and unwashed backpacker chic, replaced by a sparkling white safari suit - a throwback to an earlier generation of European travellers and a garment purloined from Garnet’s closet - and a chin now bereft of hair, the slightest hint of resistant stubble paired down with a fanatic’s zeal, leaving only a faint ‘ghost beard’ where the pale skin previously protected from the sun’s rays was finally allowed to be exposed.  There was a new swagger in Martin’s walk; a new purpose in his existence.  Backpacker grunge had been a fashion statement with which he had never felt entirely comfortable; David Livingstone lookie-likie far more closely fitted his idea of how a British gentleman should conduct himself when overseas.  He ordered a coffee at a beachfront cafe, and in between watching the sunbathers slowly fry on the hot, golden sand and ‘people-watching’ the passing pedestrians on the esplanade - mentally trying to guess the individual life histories of the more colourful-looking passers-by and speculating about the specific reason that had brought them to this place at this time - Martin attempted to work out a future campaign of action.
The Church of the Higher We was not renowned as a proselytising religion: indeed, very much the opposite, to the extent that it was amazing that they ever received new members to their fold.  Emile Durkheim’s theory of religion recognised that any group of like-minded individuals, regardless of their particular totem, irrespective of the often arbitrary and intrinsically unworthy nature of the object of their belief, formed its own moral community, and that community in turn ultimately became the object of worship, but this model could not very easily be applied to the Church of the Higher We.  Not notable for being a particularly tight-knit religious community, members formed a fairly nomadic social group, relying on no one fixed house of worship or regular, formal gathering.  To that extent Higher We was truly a religion for individuals.  For Martin, as a prospective missionary to the cause, his decision reviewed in the bright light of day, the task ahead appeared slightly daunting.  It was not lack of faith that was his problem, more a clear direction of intent.  For too long he had allowed his life to be organised for him: despite appearing to the outside world as the man who had made all the arrangements for Garnet Wendelson, the reality was that Martin had been purely the mannequin, it was Garnet, as puppet-master, who had been pulling all the strings.  The decision to flee to Namibia had been the first one he had made for himself for as long as he could remember, and he had needed to embolden himself with alcohol ever since, purely in order to reaffirm the original confidence he had had in taking such an action.
Martin took another experimental sip from his cup, the dark liquid still proving too hot to drink.  He watched, amused, as a young, white woman, her hair unwashed and tied back in dreadlocks, her feet bare, the soles blackened from walking on the hot sidewalk, tried to persuade a couple of elderly holidaymakers to buy something from the range of multicoloured trinkets that she displayed along the length of one bronzed forearm.  The irritated voice of the man, a conspicuous figure in his white panama hat, could be heard saying something in the guttural tones of an Afrikaans speaker, and the young woman with a good-natured wave, moved on in search of fresh tourist dollars.  Retired South Africans, Martin decided: the man would have been a wine merchant, perhaps owning his own - small - vineyard, the woman was a professional wife and hostess, pretty in her day, before the constant sunshine had turned her skin so leathery.  The young woman was a backpacker, down on her luck, trying to hawk a few baubles in order to pay for a return flight to Europe.  Three teenage boys strolled past, wearing nothing but brightly coloured shorts and plastic sandals, their black skin glistening as though it were wet: the tallest boy glanced towards where Martin sat, whispering something to his companions which made them all laugh.  They were followed by two local women, walking and talking, oblivious to their surroundings, both carrying bags bearing the logo of the town’s biggest food store and, trailing behind them disconsolately, was a small boy, winding a small fishing line of the kind used for catching small crabs, and aimlessly kicking out at every loose pebble in his path.  A little further along the promenade was a lone Japanese tourist, a camera to his eye, photographing a small motor boat as it prepared to leave the harbour.  Martin was just considering what the amateur photographer’s likely occupation would be, when he realised that the young woman with dreadlocks was standing beside him.
“Nice bracelet for a girlfriend, sir.”  Seeing the puzzled expression on Martin’s face she altered her enquiry, “You speak English, do you?  Afrikaans?  Deutsch, ja?”
“English,” Martin finally replied, pointing at his own chest, as though the one word conveyed everything anyone could need to know about him.
The young woman smiled, “That’s good.  Would you like to buy a necklace?  This one is nice, all local shells.  I made it myself.”
Out of politeness Martin found himself reaching out for the offered trinket, before stuttering his apologies, “It’s not really my...”
“That’s okay,” said the woman, cheerily.  “No hard sell.”  She smiled once again.  “That is what you say, right?”
“Yes,” agreed Martin, confused.  “Your English.  It is very good.  Where are you from?”
“Originally?  Sweden.  But I studied in England for three years.”
“Oh?” said Martin, “Where?”
“SOAS.”  From Martin’s expression it was clear that the acronym meant nothing to him.  “School of Oriental and African Studies.  It is one of the colleges of University of London.  Or used to be,” she added.  “Before it got swallowed up by someone larger.”
“You sound sad about that.”
“No, not really.  Que sera, sera.  I believe in change.  I think that it is a positive thing.  What about you?”
“Change?  I haven’t ever really thought about it.”
“Really?”  The young woman, sounded genuinely surprised.  “When I saw you sitting there, I thought that you looked like someone who was considering a big change.”
Martin looked amazed.  He did not intend to admit instantly to his new companion the accuracy of her statement, but instead offered her a seat and invited her to join him.
“My name is Silvia.  You know, like the queen.  I do not like it.”
“No?  It’s a nice name,” Martin said.
“And your name is?”
“Oh sorry, I’m not very good at introductions.  Martin.  I mean Michael.  No, Martin.”  Martin extended a hand in an awkward, formal gesture, “Pleased to meet you.”
“You’re right, you are not good at introductions.  Do you often forget your own name?”
Martin shrugged, bashfully.
“From England?” asked Silvia.
“That’s right.  Although I’ve been living in New York for some time.”
“You don’t have an accent.”
“No?  Good.”  Martin’s curiosity about the young woman’s insight finally got the better of him.  “What made you think that I was considering a life change?”
“Did I say life change?  I don’t know,” replied Silvia, “Just something in your face.  Have you decided what you are going to do?  Would you like me to help you?”
Martin looked puzzled again,”How do you mean?”
Now it was Silvia’s turn to apologise, “I am sorry, I should have explained.  It is what I do.  These...” she held up the arm still draped with her wares, “are just a sideline.  To pay the bills, right?  No, I am a ... I do not know which word you will understand best ... a fortune teller, perhaps?”
“You read my palm?” asked Martin, unable to keep the note of amused scepticism from revealing itself in his voice.
“I knew I would choose the wrong word.  It is a subject coloured by such preconceptions and prejudice that it is difficult to be taken seriously.  Fortune teller, you are thinking of what?  A gypsy perhaps, in a tent, with a crystal ball?”
“Something like that,” Martin admitted.
“What if I said that I was a diviner?”
“I probably wouldn’t entirely understand the term,” Martin replied.
“That is better then, at least.”  Silvia smiled broadly, before going on to explain, “At college I studied ancient African religious practices, it is very interesting, you know.  Divination is a key element of many African religions, both old and new.  Have you heard of sikidy or khatt ar-raml?”  Martin shook his head, so Silvia continued, “It is an Arabic term, literally meaning ‘writing in sand’.  It is a form of divination which was known to Muslim scholars as far back as the thirteenth century.  How about Ifa?  Have you heard that word?”
Martin latched on to the two syllables with enthusiasm, “Yes, I think I have heard that.  I don’t know what it means, though,” he added, truthfully.
“Ifa is a practice of geomancy originating from the Yoruba people in south-western Nigeria.  Adapted forms of Ifa divination are common throughout almost the whole of Africa.  In some places in Europe too.  The modern day divination still bears a striking resemblance to the ancient practices of khatt ar-raml.”
“Geomancy sounds rather...”
Silvia interrupted Martin before he could voice his doubts, “If you’re going to say ‘witchcraft’ or something similar, don’t.  The divination is not in any way magical, or supernatural, the diviner is just someone who draws from a large body of wise and ancient texts, some of the knowledge from which he, or she, will make available to the person seeking guidance, leaving the ultimate interpretation of the divination to the seeker themselves.”
“So you are rather like the custodian of a large self-help section in a bookshop?”
“I hadn’t ever really thought of it like that,” said Silvia, “But, yes, if that helps you to understand.”
“And you are one of these diviners?” asked Martin.
“A babalawo.  Yes.  I can not claim to be as knowledgeable as most, but I am only a novice and, as I say, I am merely the guide, ultimately it is you who must find your own way.”
Martin rubbed his hands together, eagerly, “Okay.  So how do we begin?  I mean, do I have to pay you, or something?”
Silvia looked at Martin, appraisingly, attempting to judge the level of his prosperity; the mercenary momentarily replacing the spiritual; the physical necessity of feeding the belly temporarily superseding the ability to survive on the slimming crumbs of faith.  He cut a discordant figure: his middle aged suit at odds with his open attitude; his clumsy manner belying a survivor’s instincts.  At last, Silvia said, “Perhaps if you learn something to your benefit from my divination you can pay me what you think it is worth.”
Martin agreed with alacrity: he had always been a relier upon - if not always a believer in - the power of random objects to decide his fate, and to a greater degree this was his mindset as regards the nature of the divination ritual which had been explained to him.  It was with some surprise then, that he saw Silvia produce what he thought he recognised as a board for playing mancala on, from the shoulder bag she carried, and which she clearly intended to use as part of the ensuing ‘performance’.  Repeating the sentiments he had heard expressed by Ghiliba the previous evening, although purely as a means to sound knowledgeable in front of the young diviner, upon a subject of which he had, in all truth, given no serious consideration, Martin said, “I understand the mancala is a form of social repression.”
Silvia looked up from her preparations, a quizzical look on her face.  This man continued to surprise her: she could not decide whether he was an intellectual or an idiot.  “So some think,” she said, cautiously, continuing as though quoting from a paragraph of her degree dissertation, “In this world where the individual is increasingly isolated, to the extent that over a million Japanese teenagers are unable to leave their bedrooms for fear of the reality outside, and prefer instead to bury themselves in a make-believe of computer games and virtual worlds...”
“Hikikomori Syndrome,” interrupted Martin, attempting to show that he was ‘up to speed’ with the direction of the discourse.  He went on to add, slightly unnecessarily and with a gesture of his hands which, when he later looked back on the conversation, made him blush with embarrassment, “Like a turtle drawing back into its shell.”
Silvia looked amused, “If you say so.”
Martin signalled for her to carry on speaking, “I’m sorry, I interrupted you.  You were saying...”
“Divination and mancala, and not just mancala, but many other board games, they are very similar in many respects.  Virtual reality games too.  Chess, you name it.  Let me explain.  The mancala board, or the divination rite, they create their own new microcosmos, you know what I mean?  Like a shrunken world.”  Martin nodded.  He knew precisely what Silvia meant: at that moment, such was his concentration focused on the words of the young woman, he felt as though his own exterior world had shrunk; the cool sea lapping at the beach; the blue sky; the desert sands beyond; all distant horizons had been sucked in and distorted, like the convex reflection on the back of a shiny spoon, such that his current universe did not extend to any point beyond the extremities of Silvia’s face.  He continued to listen to the flow of words.  “Both produce their own miniature model of the actual physical world, but in a reduced scale which is a more accessible platform for the human mind to dissimulate information, or plan strategies, or whatever.  Through playing a game, or via the diviner, the... I use the word ‘traveller’, but you know, basically I am talking about you...”
“Capital ‘Y’?” interjected Martin.
“Whatever.  Anyway, the traveller is allowed to enter this miniature world, where they can act out scenarios, be apprised of information, effectively do everything that they would in the real world except in a greatly condensed environment in terms of time and space.”
“You make it sound like a Tardis*.”
Silvia did not understand the allusion, continuing her train of thought as if Martin had not spoken.  “It can be an intense experience.  Then when the game or the divination is over the traveller returns to their own world, taking with them the knowledge they have gained, hopefully to benefit them in some way in the future.”
“And so how does this lead to social control?” asked Martin, “It all sounds like a very good thing.”
“On the whole it is,” agreed Silvia, “Remember this is my livelihood.  I believe in it strongly as a positive force.”
“But...”
“But.  Okay, let me give you a scenario.  You are an eighteen year old youth, you know all the answers, you are a rebel, spending hours alone in your bedroom, a little microcosmos all of its own, yes?”
“Yes, okay.”
“You don’t have many friends, few outside influences, you don’t agree with the political system of the day, you don’t want to work.  You spend your day lost in a virtual reality of arcade-style computer games and violent real-time adventures.  You think that you can not be touched by the corporate manipulators that you see in the real world outside of your safe bubble.  You are immune from the evils of globalisation; your views are purely your own, you are not biased by the propaganda on the TV or the opinions fed to you by the syndicated national media networks.  You have no religion.  All you need is your PC, a joystick, and a range of CD-ROMs to fire your imagination.  You are an individual.  Right?”
“I guess so.  You have probably described what an average Western teenage boy feels at some time in his life.”
“What you actually are is the most easily influenced pawn in the big corporate game.  Business, politics, religion, choose whichever power you wish, they are all pouring their influences into you, bending you to their opinion.  The very game you are playing has been manufactured by a global corporation, its hidden agenda already implanted into every byte; you are actually directly downloading the thoughts they want you to think.  By cutting yourself off from direct experience of the real world, you are opening yourself up to having your personal microcosmos be contaminated.  It would be like growing up in a hyperbaric chamber and then not developing any natural immunities to the diseases of the real world.  Well divination and mancala are similar.”
“How?”
“They are both gateways, if you like, to this alternative microcosmos.  Once you are inside this new world you are more susceptible to external influences.  Benevolent or malignant.”
“And what are you?” asked Martin.  “Good or evil?  After all, as diviner, I presume you are the person who manipulates my susceptibility?”
“I am neither,” replied Silvia, “Perhaps it is the question you wish to ask of yourself during the divination.”
“What?”
“Good or evil,” said Silvia, “Which one are you, Martin?”

••••••••••

Silvia sat cross-legged on the sand and had placed the wooden tray, which Martin had initially mistaken for a mancala board on the ground in front of her.  Martin had paid for his coffee, vacated his seat at the cafe, and was sitting next to the young woman on the pleasant, uncrowded beach, half paying attention to Silvia’s preparations, half lost in a daydream of his own as he listened to the sound of the ocean.
“In an authentic Ifa divination,” Silvia explained, “the diviner invokes the spirit of the Yoruba god of wisdom, Orunmila.  With my own divination, I don’t like to put any specific names on the medium through which the divination works.  They key is your own interpretation of my words.”
Privately, Martin felt slightly sceptical about the whole process.  Despite the obvious sincerity of the young Swedish woman, he was inclined to dismiss so much of what he had heard as New Age spiritual nonsense: a typical synthesis of ancient beliefs and practices to fit conveniently into a modern consumer-driven world.  Nevertheless, he recognised that he was currently travelling directionless in a strange land, and he was happy to be guided by any outside authority, no matter how unlikely the source.
Silvia had filled the wooden tray with a thin layer of sand from the beach and now proceeded to strike the ornamental board with an equally elaborately carved stick, which she had already informed Martin was known as the tapper.  She continued to tap rhythmically for several minutes, before finally laying down the wooden stick beside the tray, and then slowly and deliberately delving into the colourful hide bag which had initially held all of her divination paraphernalia, and drawing out from its depths, one at a time, an array of small, wooden beads, each marked with a different symbol.  She laid the beads, in the order they had emerged, on top of the sand in the tray, at the same time making a quick mark in the fine sand with her finger.  As she slowly continued with this practice of drawing lots, she began to relate a strange story in a low, monotone voice, markedly different from her previously animated tones.  At first Martin found that he was not listening to her words, still slightly bemused by the whole procedure - it reminded him of watching the draw for the FA Cup in his youth, when balls, representing the names of the football teams still in the competition, were manually drawn from an old cloth sack, partly it had the suspenseful nature of a seance - but as the one note of Silvia’s voice took on a more insistent, mesmerising quality, Martin allowed himself to be carried along by her incantations.
“A false prophet, travels from the south to a great gathering in a place of lakes and volcanoes.  He says that he brings unification, but his motives are self-centred and unclear.  Death follows him wherever he goes.”
Martin tried to interrupt, his voice excited as he began to see a parallel between Silvia’s story and his own situation.  “Are you talking about Ghiliba?  Is he a false prophet?”
Silvia continued speaking as though she had not heard him, at the same time continuing to draw beads from her bag. “Only one man can stop the false prophet from delivering his message.  A simple man, from peasant stock.”  Martin frowned slightly, not quite sure if he agreed with this description of a character that he had decided must refer to him, but once again the young woman continued speaking as though she had noticed nothing.  “He must journey in the false prophet’s footsteps.  It will be a long path that he must take, overland, involving great discomfort.”  Martin’s frown increased.  Another bead was withdrawn and placed on the sand.  “He will confront the false prophet at the place of lakes and volcanoes and...”  Silvia stopped speaking abruptly.  Now it was her turn to frown, first from annoyance and then surprise.  She thrust her hand back inside the hide bag, her fingers dancing around energetically at the bottom, searching frantically.  Then in her normal voice she said, “It’s not here.”
“What?” asked Martin, concerned, registering the sudden expression of consternation on his companion’s face.
“One of the beads.  It is missing.  There are only fifteen here.  There is one missing.”
“What does that mean?” asked Martin, anxious to hear the conclusion of the divination story.
“Mean?”  Silvia looked puzzled.  “I am not sure.  It has never happened before.  In physical terms it means that the interpretation lays somewhere beyond the parameters of the divining tray, which, as I explained, is an allegory for the real world.”
“So, what are you saying?  What lies outside of the real world?”
Silvia looked Martin directly in the eye, before answering, “God.”

••••••••••

If it had been a confident Martin that had strutted down to the beach that morning, the one that returned to his hostel that afternoon was practically walking on air.  Despite continually reminding himself of Silvia’s words of caution - “the truth lies in the interpretation” - he could not help but see a direct connection between the words of her story and his own recent history.  It seemed clear that he must follow the man Ghiliba and expose his lies.  It seemed as good an activity as any in a life otherwise void of direction.  And as for the final conclusion of the divination?  Was it he who was ultimately destined to be a God?  Was that what the missing divination lot foretold?  Martin realised that this was perhaps himself adding a little too much positive ‘spin’ on his interpretation of the young diviner’s words, but hey! he might as well aim high.
As Martin walked back across the beach, lost in his own thoughts, he did not notice as he stepped directly on top of a small, carved, wooden bead lying on top of the sands, succeeding in pressing the tiny object deep into the surrounding ground, where the fine, white grains quickly closed in above it, permanently concealing it from sight.
Interlude

The registered offices of the Church of the Higher We - for purposes of charitable status, events organisation and information - are run out of two small rooms, situated within the general complex of O’Hare International Airport in Chicago.  The office manager is Mrs. Dorothy Good, who, aided by a staff of three volunteers, presides over all aspects of Higher We administration, for an officially recorded, global network of over 112,000 Church members.  Unofficial estimates of the number of actual Higher We believers puts the figure considerably higher than this, but, since for many followers, the very aspect of the faith that most appeals is the emphasis on the individual, and the distancing from any kind of organised religion, it is very hard to know the exact number.
It is here in the offices at O’Hare that the most holy book of the Church of the Higher We is kept, in a locked safe, fitted into the wall behind Mrs. Good’s desk.  This is the so called ‘Flight Manual’ , both a description of the technical procedures involved in the piloting of a Hawker Siddeley (D.H. 121) Trident 2E, and the motivational marginalia and inspirational foot notes of the then aspiring pilot, Aaron Kerr, later Captain Kerr, as he is now more commonly referred to by Higher We acolytes.  Captain Kerr’s first recorded commercial Trident flight was flying for British European Airways in May 1969, a company he remained with until 1972 when they merged with British Overseas Airways Corporation to form the giant British Airways.  Captain Kerr’s present-day whereabouts have long been a matter of feverish speculation amongst a particular faction of Higher We members: the last, authenticated report of his continued earthly existence took the form of a short letter sent to the O’Hare offices, postmarked Worthing, England, and dated 5th June 2004.  The letter states that Captain (retired) Aaron Kerr wishes to make clear that as far as he is concerned he has no connection with, or any interest in, the Church of the Higher We, and he would be greatly obliged if property that once belonged to him, which he has recently come to understand has since fallen into the hands of the aforementioned religious organisation, is returned to him immediately.  The letter was placed alongside the “Flight Manual’ in Mrs. Good’s safe, and has since achieved the status of an iconic relic.  As for Captain Kerr it is understood that he has since changed his name and lives in fear of recognition.  Letters and e-mails are received at the O’Hare offices daily giving details of unauthenticated sightings of the revered aviator, from as far afield as the Caribbean, the Greek island of Samos, Phnom Penh in Cambodia, and once, bizarrely, from a climber claiming to be at Base Camp Two on Everest.  
No one said it was easy to be an earth bound God.
Chapter Twenty-Seven

Jake Carver was beginning to discover the power of money.  It had taken several days to make both the mental adjustment that was required upon the acquisition of vast wealth, and also to allow for the electronic transfer of funds between the bank account that Leyton Drisdale held in trust in New York and Carver’s own personal account in Pyongyang.
Since returning to New Korea, and with both the continued absence of his former lover Kim Dong-Moon and also a disquieting silence on the part of his would-be blackmailer, Carver had decided to instigate a few investigations on his own behalf.  Recognising his own limitations in this department, chiefly as a result of his undisguisably Caucasian appearance and meagre local vocabulary, he had set about hiring the services of an independent private investigator - a service of which there was no shortage of individuals in Pyongyang, it being a favoured occupation for many of the redundant ex-military personnel previously employed by the old regime.  In the absence of a personal recommendation, in the end it came down to whose advertisement looked the most inviting.  Ultimately, there was little contest: only one listing in the local telephone directory was accompanied by an English translation.  Carver had dialled the number and was very shortly employing the services of the succinctly named Kim Kon.  It had been a phone conversation littered with misunderstandings and confusion, any of which should have given Carver some indication as to the integrity and investigative abilities of Kim Kon.
“Annyeong haseyo.”
“Hello.  Do you speak English?”
“Annyeong haseyo.”
“English.  Do you speak English?”
“Engliz?  Yez.”
“You are a private investigator?”
“Yez.  Verra good.  Verra good P.I.  You ‘mericans, you say dick, yez.  Verra good.  Verra funna.  My name Kim Kon.”
“King Kong?  I’m sorry.  I think I may have the wrong number.”
“You want dick, yez?”
“Dick?  No.  I want to hire a private investigator.”
“Yez, yez.  Kim Kon, verra good.  Verra cheap.  Best dick in shitty.”
“I don’t think...”
“Mizzin person, yez?”
“Uh, yes.”
“In New Korea, it always mizzin person.”
Kim Kon had proceeded to take down the details, as far as Carver knew them, of Kim Dong-Moon’s disappearance, Carver describing his own association with Kim Dong-Moon, as a “work colleague”.  Kim Kon had hung up with a promise to ring Carver in a couple of days’ time when he had some more information.  This he had duly done, and had given Carver the shocking news that as far as he had been able to ascertain Kim Dong-Moon had been secretly detained by the New Korean authorities and had been transferred to a labour camp in the north of the country.  What Kim neglected to add was that this was exactly the same information that he gave to every one of his other clients in which a missing person enquiry was involved.  After all, more often than not it was an accurate account of the fate of their loved one: what was the point in chasing around after elusive facts when convenient lies where so easily attainable?
Carver had been full of questions.  Where was the camp?  Why had he been detained?  What was the likelihood of him being released?  Hadn’t these kind of detention camps all been disbanded under the constitution of the Great Reawakening?  Kim had laughed at Carver’s naivety, but had not been unsympathetic to the note of anxiety he recognised in the other man’s voice.  In truth, Kim was actually not an unaccomplished investigator and indeed prided himself on his powers of detection, learned, he would proudly reveal from the illicit reading, during the Communist period when such books were banned in North Korea, of the works of Arthur Conan Doyle and the cases of the master sleuth, Sherlock Holmes.  What Kim detested, though, was the waste of his time and effort involved in so many cases, when the explanations were only too apparent: for the solution to most crimes in New Korea you did not have to look much further than the government’s door, but as to the chances of securing a conviction... wasted time and effort, like he said.  When asked by Carver if he would be prepared to travel to this isolated enclave, close to the Sino-Russian border, and one which was still being used as a detention centre, in order to make further enquiries concerning Kim Dong-Moon’s welfare, Kim Kon had replied that it was outside of his remit - the city limits were the extent of his territory - besides such an investigation would be pointless: few people ever returned from the camps; “even the remains seldom get returned”, he had joked, with a breathtaking lack of empathy with his client's likely emotions.  He had proceeded to relate to Carver some of the atrocities that he had heard - “rumour only” he had conceded - carried out in the camps and the conditions under which inmates were confined.  He had concluded by saying, in automatic and uncharacteristically patriotic defence of his homeland, “it is no worse than what occurs in your own regime - I have heard something of what happens on Diego Garcia”.  The name of the small British Indian Ocean Territory, currently leased to the US, meant nothing to Carver, neither did the names of the New Korean camps that Kim had mentioned - camp 14, political prisoners; the notorious camp 22 - for the civil engineer they were as far removed from his everyday reality as the concentration camps of Nazi Germany: Kim might as well have told him that Kim Dong-Moon was detained at Auschwitz or Dachau.  It was with an entrepreneur’s nose for continued business, though, that Kim Kon had sensed that there were still rich pickings to be had from this sentimental Westerner, and suggested that for a small retainer he might be prepared to instigate further enquiries - “ways and means”, he had proposed, vaguely. Carver had agreed readily.
It was a further five days before Carver received his next telephone call from Kim’s detection agency, and an ensuing conversation every bit as tortuous in its lack of clarity as the first one he had had with the agency’s proprietor.  Carver lay down the cheap thriller that he had been skim reading in a futile attempt to distract his mind from endlessly racing through the myriad imagined predicaments in which he pictured Kim Dong-Moon currently residing, his world seemingly crumbling around him into a handful of dust, and answered his mobile phone’s insistent entreaty.  The voice on the other end of the receiver sounded as though it belonged to a young Korean woman, albeit speaking immaculately annunciated American-English.
“Mr. Carver?”
“Yes.  Who is this?”
“You do not know me.  My name is Pak Min.  I have news of Kim for you.”
“You do?”  Carver’s voice sounded unnaturally high; his desperate desire to hear good news projected into a falsely optimistic, wilful tone.
“Mr. Carver.  Kim is dead.”
“Dead.”  Jake Carver repeated the statement, unwilling to believe the words he was hearing.  “Kim Dong-Moon is dead?”
“Kim Dong-Moon?”  The woman’s voice sounded puzzled.  "”No.  I am talking about Kim Kon.  Kim Kon is dead.”
“Oh, thank God.”  Carver could not hide his relief, before recovering, “I mean... I’m sorry.  How?  I mean... how?”
“He was hit by a bus this morning on his way to the office.  I am his assistant.  I got your telephone number from his client’s files.  I hope that you do not mind my ringing?”
“No, no, of course not.  How terrible.”
There was a pause before Pak Min spoke again, “You thought that I was talking about another man before?” 
Carver was apologetic, “I’m sorry.  It was someone that Kim Kon was attempting to locate on my behalf.”
“You said Kim...?”
“Dong-Moon.”
“Kim Dong-Moon.  That is what I thought.  You have not heard then?”
“What?”
“He is dead.  It is the front page story of today’s newspaper.”
Part Three: The Internal Battle Between Good and Evil

Chapter Twenty-Eight

Martin Meek was hearing the name ‘Ghiliba’ wherever he went.  It seemed to be the only recognisable word he could make out from overhearing people talking; it was screamed out at him from huge posters plastered on advertising billboards, and also from makeshift flyers stuck to pylons and on notice-boards in bars and restaurants; it was almost as though it was the very sound of the wind itself, such was the ubiquitous quality of the three galloping syllables.  If there was one consolation, though, for Martin in encountering such a widespread recognition of his erstwhile drinking companion’s name, it was that he could be left in no doubt that he was indeed ‘travelling in the false prophet’s footsteps’ as had been described for him by the Ifa divination.
On the map - one square centimetre approximately equal to 7,400 square kilometres - the journey ahead of Martin appeared deceptively straightforward.  He could remain in Namibia for the larger part of the initial stages of his expedition, taking advantage of the geographical anomaly of the Caprivi Strip* to avoid any necessity for having to cross into Angola, and the potential minefield - ho, hum - of border immigration, before linking up with the Zambezi River and following that mighty waterway due north, straight through Zambia, until it emerged in the Democratic Republic of Congo* from where it looked a relatively easy proposition to pick up the course of the Zaire River.  Then it was a right turn at the Mitumba Mountains, and next stop Goma.  Easy.
Perhaps surprisingly, the word ‘easy’ genuinely could have been applied to describe Martin’s transverse of Namibia: the roads were generally well made up and it had proved possible to hitch lifts when other means of transport had not been available.  Besides that, he still had a considerable amount of what he euphemistically referred to as his ‘holiday fund’ left, in reality a combination of his own savings and money that he had ‘earned’ by pawning a considerable quantity of Garnet Wendelson’s more portable possessions the day before he vacated the Park Avenue apartment for the final time.  On the occasion when a rare hurdle presented itself along the course of his chosen path, he found that Namibia’s infrastructure was sufficiently robust that it could normally be overcome by throwing money at the problem.
Martin’s first real problem turned up at the Zambian border and the point where he encountered the Zambezi River for the first time, and this was a difficulty that no amount of money was going to change.  The river flowed in the wrong direction.
In his imagination, Martin had pictured himself, Livingstonesque, attired in a white safari suit and pith helmet - not that he possessed the latter - kneeling upright and alert in the hull of a small, single occupant wooden canoe, every now and then idly caressing the surface of the gently flowing waters with the tip of his rounded paddle, purely in order to maintain the optimum navigational course, while the river carried him effortlessly, relentlessly onwards, ever closer to his final destination.  Not for one moment did he imagine encountering the monstrous confluence that actually presented itself before him, and far from being gently conveyed in a northerly direction towards the DRC, it was clear that any inexperienced oarsman reckless enough to consign his vessel to this particular river’s whims was much more likely to have it end up as so much match wood to be flushed over the nearby Victoria Falls.  How could the map have been so wrong?  The thin blue line, wiggling oh so tranquilly across the page conveyed nothing of the teaming, frothing, turbulent reality.  Martin hoped that this was not a prelude to the way of things to come.  Whatever, it was clear that a change of plan was going to be necessary.

••••••••••

“Name all the countries in the world with a letter ‘z’ in them.”
“What?”
“You heard.  I’ll start off.  Zambia.”
Martin still sounded doubtful, “Why?  Next you’ll be wanting me to name all the states of America that begin with the letter ‘m’.”
The quizmaster replied automatically, without breaking his concentration from watching the road ahead.  “Maine, Massachusetts, Montana, Mississippi, Missouri, Maryland, Minnesota and Michigan.  We’ll come to those later.  First, countries with a ‘z’.  Come on, it'll help to pass the time.  I’ll give you another one.  Zimbabwe.”
“Switzerland?”  Martin had offered, doubtfully.
“Yes, good.  My turn.  Brazil.”
It had initially appeared like a massive stroke of good fortune when the strangely familiar silhouette of a white, Mini Clubman estate car had appeared over the brow of the hill, and even more opportune when it had pulled up to a bumping halt in the pot holes next to where Martin had been standing at the side of the dusty road, thumb optimistically raised in traditional hitch hiking stance.  When he had heard the driver’s strong English West Midlands accent it seemed as though someone was truly looking out for him.  The Mini was only the third car to have passed Martin in over two hours, and neither of the other two drivers had done so much as change down a gear in order to reduce their speed sufficiently to be able to gawp at the unlikely figure standing at the roadside, before they raced past to merge into the swirling heat haze that hung above the near horizon, like a shimmering vortex into an alternative universe.
“Climb in,” had said the cheery voice.  “I’m going as far as Lusaka if that is any good to you?”
Conspicuously lacking any more attractive alternatives, Lusaka had sounded like paradise to Martin.  He had clambered eagerly through the open front door of the small car, pushed back the seat to accommodate his long legs, and sat back, happy to be taken wherever the road led.
“Venezuela,” said Martin continuing the South American connection.
“Swaziland.”
Martin was already beginning to struggle to think of an answer, but at the same time had found himself quickly hooked on the simple premise of the challenge and was unwilling to admit defeat so quickly.  “How many are there?” he asked, trying to play for more thinking time.
“I don’t know.  I can think of... oh, lots more.  Do you want a clue?”
“No,” said Martin, definitely and defiantly.
“Another two in Africa.”
“I know,” answered Martin, annoyed now.  “Tanzania,” he finally answered, triumphantly.
“Mozambique,” came the immediate reply; the challenge thrust back upon Martin like a perfectly returned volley in a game of tennis.
“Uzbekistan,” replied Martin, surprised by his own powers of geographical recollection.
His companion replied, his voice displaying a mixture of anger and incomprehension, “No former Soviet Republics.”
“You never said that before.”
“I would have thought that was obvious.  No former Soviet Republics*.”
The Brummie Mini Clubman owner had introduced himself to Martin as Geoff.  His own story, which he had related to Martin at length, when he had first acquired his new passenger, was every bit as strange as the tale Martin could have told of his own recent adventuring - should he have been allowed to get a word in edgeways - and was to reveal that he was also on something of a personal pilgrimage.
“My third trip down here, you know,” Geoff had said, conversationally.  “Always come over when I’ve got a problem with the old girl.”  He had patted the brown, padded steering wheel affectionately.
“Pardon?”
“The Mini.  Been playing up a bit, just recently.  Not surprising given she’s going on forty.  Cars are like dogs, you know.  You have to measure their ages on a different scale to us humans.”
“Really.”
“In human terms, the old girl here would be going on a hundred.  Don’t see many like her still around.”
“No.”  Martin had had to admit that Geoff was correct in that assessment.
“Do you know how many miles she’s done?”
“No.”
“367,000.”
“Amazing.”
“Do you know how many times around the earth that is?”
“No,” Martin had admitted, truthfully.
“Almost fifteen times*.  On her third engine she is.”
“Incredible.”
“Still a few years left in her yet.  It’s the spares though, that’s the problem.  That’s why I’m here.”
“Oh?”
“You go into any garage back in Birmingham and say you want a new cam shaft for a 1972 British Leyland Mini Clubman estate, do you know what answer you get?”
“No.”
“Same thing they tell you if you ask for a new exhaust mounting, even if you only want a fresh set of spark plugs.”
“What?”
“Can’t get the parts, sir.  That’s what they say.  If I’ve had those words said to me once, I’ve had them said to me a thousand times.  Can’t get the parts.  A thousand times.  If I had a pound for every time a mechanic has said that to me, do you know, I’d have...”
“A thousand pounds.”
“Exactly right.  Which is why I’m here.”
Martin had still sounded slightly confused, “I don’t think I quite see.”
“You know British Leyland?”
“I seem to know the name.  Before my time.”
“Oh, a golden age for British motoring, it was then.  Merged with DAF cars, you know, from the Netherlands, Holland, back in 1987, became Leyland DAF.  Right.”
“Yes,” Martin had agreed, unsure of his own facts, but quite happy to trust Geoff’s knowledge.
“Got into a bit of difficulty and became LDV in 1993, making vans, and the like.”
“Okay.”
“Well, when they were still called Leyland DAF, do you now where they established a spares workshop?”
Martin had begun to see where his chauffeur’s story was heading, but didn’t want to ruin the surprise of the ending by jumping in with an inspired guess. “Tell me.”
“Here.  In Lusaka, to be precise.  I tell you, it is like a little gold mine.  Minis, Mokes, old Austin Healeys - remember them? - you name it, you can find the spares for it here.  I tell you, the fun I’ve had.  You know those garages back in Birmingham.”
“The ones that say, can’t get the parts, sir?”
“That’s it.  You know what I say now?”
“No.”
“When they say, can’t get the parts, sir, I says to them, oh yes you can, you can get them in Zambia, you can.  Shuts them up every time.”
It had shut up Martin too.  There had appeared to be nothing more that could be said.  Now several hours into their journey to the Zambian capital city, and the distractions of the scenery palling and the limitations of ‘I-Spy’ having been painfully exposed, Geoff’s boundless supply of pub quiz style trivia appeared to be the only source of entertainment.
“Belize,” said Martin, surprised, and not a little embarrassed at himself by just how much glee a correct answer could provide him.
“Good one,” said Geoff, like a proud parent encouraging a slightly backward child, “That’s one that a lot of people overlook.”
“You mean you’ve played this game before?”
“Yes, of course,” said Geoff.
“So you know all the answers in advance?”
“Question of remembering them though, isn’t it,” said Geoff, removing one hand from the steering wheel in order to tap the side of his nose with one finger, “That’s the point.  Czech Republic.”
“Bugger,” said Martin.  He thought silently for some seconds, before asking, “Are there any more?”
“New...”
“No, don’t tell me.  New Zealand.  Of course,” said Martin.
“You won’t get the last one,” said Geoff, confidently.
“Don’t be so sure,” replied Martin, the hot blood of competition coursing through his veins.  “Give me time to think.  One more, you say?”
“That’s right.”
“Of course,” said Martin, triumphantly, “Zaire.”
“Well,” said Geoff, “There we are on rather sticky ground, aren’t we.  Last week you might have got away with Zaire, but as I understand it from the latest news, Kabila’s men have regained power once more, and it is back as the Democratic Republic of Congo once again.  Not a ‘z’ in sight, my friend.  Next week the warlords might have seized control again, renamed the place once more, and then you can have your Zaire back, but for the time being, well, rules is rules.  So, think again.”
Martin racked his brains for the names of some more countries.  He ran over the place names of the destinations he had visited with Garnet; tried to recall the names of all the tiniest specks in the South Pacific, all to no avail.  “One more?  You’re quite sure?”
“I’ll give you a clue,” said Geoff, superiorly.  “It’s in Europe.”

••••••••••

Martin fell asleep without having worked out the name of the missing country.  The gentle motion of the moving car, combined with the largely uniform scenery outside and the surprisingly rhythmic rattle of the Mini’s engine, all came together to provide the ideal conditions for peaceful slumber.  Martin had been tempted to feign sleep on several occasions earlier, generally when Geoff’s seemingly inexhaustible capacity for remembering useless facts and his annoying habit of recalling and recounting ‘top ten lists’ became too oppressive, but he had forced himself to remain alert after Geoff had informed him that he was glad to have some company because he often dozed off at the wheel during long journeys - “it was how I came to lose my job as a long distance lorry driver”.
As Martin began to feel his head nod and his eyes slowly close, small sound bites from Geoff’s previous monologues began to flash through his mind; tiny nuggets of information about the country to which he was ultimately voyaging: “rumble in the jungle*”; “heart of darkness”.  The names of various political parties, each warring with one another now for over a decade, each desperate to control a small corner of the vast African land, now raced through Martin’s head as easily as they had originally tripped off Geoff’s tongue: “Congolese Rally for Democracy”; “Liberation Movement for Congo”; “Hutu Militia”; “Pygmy Power”.  Into this melting pot of tension, and conversely through Martin’s agitated brain, were thrown the names of the few neighbouring countries each trying to claim a stake in the region at war: “Rwanda”; “Burundi”; “Uganda”; “Zimbabwe” - and also the names of the mineral resources which gave the fighting its cause, if not its reason: “copper”; “cobalt”; “diamonds”.  And, as Martin found sleep finally overcoming him, there was one other sound he kept hearing; a continuous, repetitive noise in his head, swept along inexhaustibly as if carried by the Zambezi itself; a guttural, unpleasant sound, like the gobbling of a turkey, or the mutterings of Tolkein’s Gollum; a constant reminder of what lay ahead: “Ghiliba, Ghiliba, Ghiliba”.
Martin did not know how long he had been asleep.  It was only Geoff’s insistent prodding which finally roused him from his unsettling dreams, that and the intrusion of a distinctive West Midlands accent into his nightmare, informing him that they were approaching the “outskirts of Lusaka”.  Still it took him some time to become awake completely: the nocturnal images he had conjured of a war-torn Democratic Republic of Congo were powerful, reminding him of news footage he had seen of past conflicts on his own continent: Kosovo and Serbia; Albania and Bosnia.  Bosnia?  Martin rolled his head from side to side across the headrest of the seat, mumbling something incoherently as he fought to stir himself awake, his eyes still remaining shut, only half aware that he was dribbling slightly in his sleep.  Bosnia and...?  He opened his eyes, and was confronted by his own reflection staring back at him from the small mirror implanted in the back of the white leather, padded sun visor above the car’s windscreen, which Geoff had thoughtfully pulled down while Martin had slept.  He looked a sight: his hair was standing bolt upright as though it had been fixed by gel, and his eyes looked rheumy and unfocused.  There was something he had just been thinking about which was important.  What was it?  It was vital that he remembered it now, before he gained full consciousness and the realm of dream thoughts was lost to him for good.  Just so long as Geoff does not say anything and interrupt his train of thought he was sure that he could tempt the memory back.  So close; what was it?  Yes!
“Bosnia and Herzegovina!”
Geoff removed his attention from the road ahead, where the seemingly endless landscape of dry scrub had given way to reveal a few rough dwellings, made from sheets of corrugated iron, and where two teenage boys were kicking a football in the orange dust, to look at his seated companion, admiringly.
“Very good,” he said.  “I must admit I didn’t think you’d get it.  Now, how about capital cities beginning with the letter ‘k’?  I’ll start.  Kinshasa.*”
Chapter Twenty-Nine

It was the investigative journalists from the South Korean TV company who first discovered the link between the killing of Kim Dong-Moon and the death of Garnet G. Wendelson, not surprising perhaps really, since they had the biggest incentive in solving the case: ratings.
Jake Carver was finding that the pure, physical mechanics of being a wealthy man and having to deal day-to-day with large sums of money was taking up almost all of his time: being rich was not something that you could do in isolation, you were constantly at the beck and call of an army of do-gooders, each anxious for you to invest in their particular product - or service, or idea - each with the honourable intention - so they claimed - of further swelling your personal bank balance.  It was exhausting.  Carver imagined all the piles of his money, bundled up in small denomination notes, so that they formed one vast physical entity, and then this great mass of paper being set loose on the open ocean like a massive raft which constantly needed to be maintained and tended to, in order to stop bits breaking off and floating free, or sinking in pulpy, water-logged clumps to the depths of the sea bed.  It was shortly after this visualisation that Carver decided to employ a team of professionals to manage his financial affairs for him.  There was no shortage of offers: money begets money.  When Carver decided to depart New Korea and return to New York, he appointed Pak Min to be his official representative in Pyongyang, and set the young woman up with a prime office at the summit of the Wendelson Building.  His faith in Pak Min was handsomely repaid, not only did she prove herself to be an astute businesswoman - quickly managing to rent the remainder of the vacant space in the Wendelson Building at premium rates to eager overseas investors - but utilising her initial investigative training learned understudying the unscrupulous Kim Kon, she continued to show that she possessed a keen ear for information, a commodity which, at times, could not be bought.  It was Pak Min who had first made him aware of the new development in the investigation into Kim Dong-Moon’s death, when she had, unusually, telephoned him at home, late one evening.
“I have a friend working in the Office of Tourism,” she had explained, “Kim Eun-Hae.  She is young like me.  Very ambitious.”
“Like half of New Korea’s budding capitalists,” had said Carver, bitterly.
“Yes,” had agreed Pak Min, not picking up the note of weary resignation in her employer’s voice, “She has been boasting for weeks now that she has been assigned to look after a TV crew from the south.  Big tippers, she said.  Staying in all the best hotels.  I think secretly she thinks that they will put her in front of the camera.  Make her a star, yes?”
“They tell me that half the population of the planet will have appeared on TV by 2020.”
“Yes, isn’t it great.  She is mistaken though.”  Pak Min had continued with her unbiased evaluation, “From a distance she is very beautiful, but up close...  I have seen her teeth.  They are not the teeth for TV.”
“They say the camera never lies.”
Pak Min had been curious, “Who is this ‘they’ of which you so often speak?”
Carver had not answered immediately, unsure himself of where most of the opinions which he routinely regurgitated as facts had first been learned from.  “I don’t know.  The media, I guess.  Newspapers, television.”
“TV, yes.  I have a film that I think you will find interesting.”
“A film?”
“Eun-Hae... acquired it for me.”
“Stole it?”
“Borrowed it.  The TV crew she has been shadowing have been investigating the death of Mr. Wendelson.  It is big news in the south.  They have had the full support of the local police here.  Eun-Hae has been keeping me informed.”
“And what interest is this for me now?  Have they discovered anything new?”
“Eun-Hae says yes.  She thought originally that it was all speculation, you know, spin.  The people in the south do not want to watch a programme about an old man committing suicide, but if his death could be proved to be murder, now that would be a show worth seeing.  So at first when she heard the journalists talking about new evidence, something which linked his death to your friend Kim Dong-Moon, she thought it was just a fabrication, but... well, judge for yourself.  I’ll send you a copy of the video tape.”
“You can’t send it electronically?”
“No, the film is not finished yet.  It is just one of a number of demo tapes intended to be sent out to the big networks to see if any one of them can be hooked.  I think you’ll find it interesting.”
“Send it by courier then.”
“Will do, boss man.  You should have it the day after tomorrow.”

••••••••••

A further emotional side effect that Jake Carver was experiencing as a result of Garnet Wendelson’s financial legacy was a peculiar feeling of emasculation.  At first he put the feeling down to the still confused emotions he was experiencing as a result of his relationship with Kim Dong-Moon: despite all his own - and others - arguments to the contrary he still could not entirely convince himself that an admission of homosexuality was not in some way a weakness, at odds with his inherent machismo.  This new sensation was subtly different, though.  For all of his life, Jake Carver had had to be a fighter - he had not been born into privilege like Garnet Wendelson - everything that he had achieved he had done so by the sweat of his own brow and the labour of his own hands.  He knew what it meant to earn a living, and, by and large, it was a feeling that he enjoyed.  It defined who he was.
Things were different now.  He no longer had to work in order to earn enough money to survive each passing day; the necessity for embarking upon a whole cycle of everyday activity, ancient as man himself, had been negated overnight.  The hunter-gatherer had been transformed into an indolent finger-snapper.  And, associated with this lifestyle transmogrification, one of the greatest factors that had been removed from his new existence was the element of risk.  Previously, almost every new business venture had had an element of risk attached: he would have been putting either his money, or his reputation, or, in some cases, even his life, at risk, depending on the complexity of the project that he was being asked to undertake.  This was no longer the case: he no longer had to work to earn money, and, if he now chose to work, it didn’t matter if he lost money in the endeavour.  So where was the risk in that?  Little did he know it, but it was a situation not unique to Carver: most Western city dwellers have a skewed perspective when it comes to personal risk.  Urban living is so far removed from any of the perils that would have daily faced our ancient forebears, that modern man has been forced to create totally artificial risks in order to reproduce near forgotten emotions - funfair rides and parachute free falls; base jumping and bungee leaps - creating a Disneyland detachment from reality and an inability to accurately assess the level of danger that he is exposing himself to.  For Jake Carver, ironically, his outlet and opportunity for reintroducing risk into his otherwise safe and sanitised existence came in the accomplishment of the very activity in which he had originally vowed that he would never be coerced to take part; that of fulfilling the instructions laid out in Garnet Wendelson’s will: knocking down big buildings.  In truth, the job of carrying out Garnet’s final will had, so far, been more a matter of cunning diplomacy and financial negotiations, than that of actual, physical demolition work: Carver quickly discovered that the pen and the cheque book could halt construction of a building far more readily than any amount of high explosive, nevertheless, it was an enterprise that called for a considerable deal of acumen, and no little element of risk, when failure would be judged by a sniper’s bullet.  Fired from the same gun that had done for Kim Dong-Moon, no doubt.  It was with thoughts of Pak Min’s recent telephone call fresh in his mind that Carver found himself reviewing the little he already knew about the death of his former lover. 
Kim Dong-Moon’s body had been discovered in a shallow depression in waste ground on the edge of a big refuse site in the southern outskirts of Pyongyang.  The body had not been alone.  Alongside the corpse was that of a second Korean man, later identified as Pak Jin-Siek.  Both men had been killed by a single shot fired from a semi-automatic rifle, later identified as a Tokarev SVT-40.  In the case of Pak Jin-Siek the point of entry of the bullet had clearly suggested that of a sniper’s shot to the centre of the forehead; as for Kim Dong-Moon he had been shot in the back, the bullet piercing his heart, apparently as he turned to flee from his assailant.  A short distance away from the two bodies, on the summit of a slightly raised incline, the Pyongyang police discovered evidence indicating the position the sniper had chosen from which to spring the ambush: a disturbance in the surface of the dusty ground revealed precisely where the sniper had lay lining up the first shot, as did two small holes in the ground approximately twelve inches apart, evidently caused by a support for the front of the rifle’s barrel.  The only other clue discovered at the scene was a large globule of solidified white lard, found on the ground close to where the sniper must have lain: it was later identified as melted pig fat.  So much it had been possible to ascertain from simply reading the local newspapers: when Carver instigated Pak Min to find out what facts lay behind the headlines, she had quickly uncovered for him the link between the two dead men, and had revealed that Kim’s gambling debts were far more serious than ever he had let on to Carver, and that it was to Pak Jin-Siek that the young Korean engineer was obligated.  She had also unearthed a number of particulars of Pak Jin-Siek’s recent history since he had been made redundant from the army, none of which made for uplifting reading: numerous misdemeanours; criminal convictions for GBH and extortion; and an unproved case of murder.  Jake Carver had begun to have serious doubts as to the wisdom of the company that his former lover had been keeping.  The question of a twenty-five million dollar blackmail demand had also remained unanswered.  In part Carver had hoped that with the two bodies now lying in a land fill site on the edge of town, the mystery of the blackmail note would die with them, but also, and still not wanting to believe ill of a man with whom he had previously been in love, and despite all his instincts telling him the contrary, Carver had hoped that he would be able to prove to his own satisfaction that Kim Dong-Moon had not been involved in a conspiracy to defraud him.
Which still left one question: what possible motive could Medea have had for racking up her body bag statistics by a further two victims?
Chapter Thirty

Martin was sick.  At first he had ignored the symptoms - headache, sore throat, a slightly high temperature - he was a man unused to being ill, and now was not the time or place to start.  At home, in a warm bed, the central heating on full, the duvet pulled up over his head to block out any light, a hot water bottle resting by his feet, and a bracing toddy of whisky, hot water and sugar within easy reach of his  invalid grasp, now that would have been a time and a place to be sick; lying on deck on the Kinshasa to Kisangani steamer, surrounded by all manner of human, animal and vegetable life, was very definitely not.
How Martin came to find himself on the slow moving river-ferry is swift to relate.  It was soon after Martin had bid his farewells to the affable Geoff in Lusaka - leaving that man, happy as Larry, exploring the darkest recesses of the Leyland DAF workshop in downtown - that he had discovered that his idea of travelling overland to the Democratic Republic of Congo was not going to be as straight forward as he had imagined.  In fact, it was not going to be possible at all.  The man at the immigration office at the DRC embassy had been most insistent - “Ce n’est pas possible”.  Due to the recent resurgence of fighting between the various warring factions within DRC, all land borders between that country and Zambia had been closed.  The only means of entering the country would be to fly to Kinshasa, and even then, foreigners were being strongly advised to consider the necessity of their journey before embarking on any travel.  It took Martin only seconds to decide that his travel was not only necessary but that it was indeed vital and, after that, and following the exchange of an extortionately large amount of money, it was only a matter of another ten days before Martin was proudly in possession of both an airline ticket and a visa permitting him entry to the DRC for a duration of no longer than one month.  By happy chance, when he finally arrived in the sprawling capital city of DRC, the scheduled steam boat which plies its regular monthly route between Kinshasa in the south and the city of Kisangani in the north, travelling a total distance along the Zaire River of over one thousand miles, and which actually should have already departed along this route eight days earlier, was running late.  Martin bought himself a ticket of passage - third class: he had decided that the previous luxury and expense of a flight from Lusaka to Kinshasa meant that he should try to return to some kind of a budget - and stepped aboard the ship of adventure for his voyage north.

••••••••••

Martin felt as though his whole body was trembling, and not solely as a result of the vibrations of the steamboat’s erratic engine, or even from a sympathetic compulsion to move along in rhythm to the sounds emanating from his neighbouring passenger’s powerful ghetto-blaster.  His temperature was racing, and he felt nauseous and headachy.  Furthermore, one or two livid pink spots had appeared on the skin of his torso.  It was clear that some aspect of his personal health was seriously amiss.  It was obvious, too, that several of Martin’s fellow travellers had noticed his worsening physical condition and were making themselves conspicuous by their absence from his immediate vicinity: whereas when he had first stepped aboard the ferry it had been difficult to find so much as a clear foot of plank of deck space on which to sit, amidst the chaos of life heading upstream, suddenly Martin was conscious that he was now lying, alone, in a virtual oasis of calm.  The sick instinctively shunned by the healthy, in a self-protective reaction old as Man itself.  Martin’s night time delirium could not have helped his cause in making friends either:  he had awoken, hot and sweating, aware only of scared and unfriendly glances directed towards him.  His mouth felt dry but he did not want to eat; he was hot all over but there was no shade from the equatorial sun.  On either side of him the thick verdant mass of vegetation along the river bank hemmed in on him oppressively, surprisingly close, the dark trees stretching up so high that it felt as though they could almost form an archway across the watery divide and unite their two forces, and in so doing block out the sky entirely, bringing the promise of some shelter from the sun’s powerful rays.  For the first time since his embarkation, being effectively detached from the hurly burly of normal deck life by his shipmates’ imposed regime of isolation, Martin was suddenly aware of the sights, sounds and smells of the natural world through which he was slowly passing: there were monkeys chattering in the high branches of the trees and a steady background hum of insect noise, vibrant like an amplified, electronic instrument, constant like a Geiger meter registering the count for background radiation.  In his delirious condition, some things had suddenly become crystal clear: Martin suddenly knew - with certainty - the extent of this jungle and his place within it; was conscious of what a minute and insignificant speck on the landscape were, not just his transient self, but also the river boat on which he was travelling, and even the river itself; a thin blue line traversing a great unexplored wilderness of green.  Far, far overhead, and the only disruption in an otherwise uniformly blue sky, a small aircraft caught Martin’s attention.  He lay flat on his back, spread-eagling himself on the hard, wooden deck, in order to watch the flying machine, without having to stretch his neck.  At such a distance, the aeroplane looked like one of the small insects that hovered above the surface of the river water; a dragonfly occasionally dipping to take a drink, or one of a host of circling gnats, separated from the main swarm, testing the limits of its independence.  Seemingly as random in its movements too, as a buzzing, motiveless fly, the aircraft was circling around and around, apparently revelling in its freedom and space, mocking the slow passage of the steam boat through a land chocked and congested by plants and obstructions.  Martin shaded his eyes with his forearm as the plane flew in front of the sun and was momentarily lost to sight in a brilliant, golden haze.  As the tiny speck reappeared from out of the fiery aurora, Martin reached upwards towards it with his hand, grasping at the air as though the distance between him and the pilot had been magically contracted and he could just pluck the machine out of the sky as though he were reaching out to touch a leaf on an overhanging vine.  Once again the aircraft briefly disappeared from sight, although the faint hum of its twin engines could still be heard overhead above the engine of the river vessel, and then it was back again, high in the sky, slipping between Martin’s outstretched fingers as easily as the water from his flask spilled through the gaps in the wooden deck boards.  Martin felt the intense brightness of the sun forcing his eyes slowly shut, and this time he did not resist.

••••••••••

When Martin reopened his eyes, the scene had changed.  He was still lying flat on his back, but above him, instead of the wide blue expanse of the African sky, were instead, dark, wooden panels, not dissimilar to the deck boards on which he had previously lain.  That was something different too: the surface beneath his prone body felt soft and slightly springy, certainly not the unresisting rigidness of hard wood.  He still felt hot, but there was a surprisingly pleasant breeze emanating from somewhere close at hand, which relieved the oppressive chronicity of the constantly high temperature, and there was the sound of soft, female, singing too: a tune from an opera, if he was not mistaken.  Don Giovanni, was it?  Or Carmen?  He didn’t know.  The singing stopped suddenly, replaced by a concerned enquiry, “Ah, so you are awake finally.  How are you feeling?”  There was a slight Mediterranean lilt to the voice: Spanish perhaps?  Or Italian.  This theory of nationality was further supported by the appearance of the woman leaning over him: long, dark hair, brown eyes, and a complexion not entirely unaccustomed to exposure to a constant sun.
Martin smiled weakly, “Where am I?”
The slight rocking motion of the room left Martin in no doubt that he was still on board a boat, but his present surroundings were a world apart from the floating bedlam that he had known on the deck of the old steamer.
“You are in my cabin,” explained the young woman, earnestly.  “You have been very sick.  Do you know how long you have been asleep?  Two days.  Did you know that?  Whatever possessed you to travel third class?” she reprimanded, gently.
“How...?  What happened?” Martin asked, “Who...?”
“My name is Mona.”  The woman smiled broadly, extending her hand by way of formal introduction.  “Mona Candoni.  I am pleased to meet you Martin Meek.”

••••••••••

“I discovered your name from your passport.  I hope that you don’t mind,” Mona had said.  She had gone on to explain how she had first discovered Martin, unconscious, dehydrated and badly burnt from the sun, and how she had enlisted the help of several other passengers to have him carried to her cabin.  “It’s not exactly luxurious,” she said, apologetically, “but it is more comfortable than sleeping on the deck.  Another few hours lying there and you would have been a dead man.”  She had told him that she suspected that he had contracted a mild case of typhoid fever, and had explained how she had treated him.  “You are lucky,” she said, “Typhoid is a killer.  You will feel very weak for a long time yet, but it would appear that the worst is over.  It was fortunate that I was carrying Chloramphenicol with me.”
A small meal of plantains and several glasses of water had restored Martin’s strength sufficiently, such that he was able to sit up.  His limbs ached intolerably from dehydration, and the skin on his face, neck and shins felt red raw and tight, where they had been parched by the sun.  His hands still trembled when he held them out, but now more as a result of general weakness, rather than from the grip of any fever, and the steady flow of air originating from the ceiling-mounted fan was succeeding in keeping him feeling comparatively cool.  He realised the truth of Mona’s words: he was a lucky man.
“I haven’t even thanked you,” Martin said.
“That’s okay,” answered Mona, “It is my job, after all.”
“What?”
“A nurse.”
“Oh?”
“I work in the Ituri Forest, to the east of here.”
“In a forest?  I wouldn't have thought there were many hospitals there?”
“No, that’s the point.  I work with the pygmy tribes.”
“Teaching them?”
“It is more a case of the other way around.”
“Oh?”
“I have learned far more about medicine from observing them, than anything that they may have learnt from me.”
“And how long have you been living here?”
“Almost two years now.  Apart from a short time I spent in the Middle East I have been here ever since I escaped.”
Martin wondered, at first, if he had perhaps misheard Mona.  Escaped?  It raised several awkward questions.  From where?  And for what were you originally imprisoned?  It took him several minutes of thinking about a subtle way in which to broach the subject, during which time Mona was engaged - in a fashion she appeared habitually to be, consumed by an inner nervous energy - in unpacking and repacking the contents of her small rucksack, before he eventually blurted out, his curiosity getting the better of his tact, “Were you in prison?”
Mona looked at him, curiously, before answering, “In a way, yes, I was.”
Martin tried to think of the best case scenario: not all prisoners were murderers or lunatics.  “Was it political?”
Mona smiled, “No, not political.  Religious.”
“Really?  You don’t strike me as the type.”
“Is there a type?”
Martin surveyed the young woman standing before him.  She was petite and undeniably attractive: her clothes were slightly austere, but, given the surroundings remarkably well groomed and fashionable, and a hand which displayed a ring on almost every finger, a colourful bead necklace around her neck, and a bright splash of red across her lips revealed a nature not entirely blind to the material world.  “Perhaps not,” he conceded, “But you still don’t look the type.”
“You might be surprised to know then,” Mona answered, “That for the first twenty three years of my life I was actually called Eliza, and during that time I did not once have any social interaction with anyone outside of my own immediate sect.”
“Were you a nun?”
"Exclusive Brethren.”
“I’ve never heard of them."
“No?  Have you heard of the Plymouth Brethren?”
“Vaguely.”  Martin thought that he recognised the term.
 “You could describe the Exclusive Brethren as an extremist splinter group from them.  Both groups follow the teachings of a clergyman dissenter, John Nelson Darby.  They’ve been around for a long time, you know.  Founded in 1825.”
“So you are no nouveau sect,” Martin said, jokingly.
“I am not one of them at all, anymore,” said Mona, severely.
“What happened?  You said you escaped,” Martin prompted.
“You must understand”, Mona said, “the Exclusive Brethren forbid any contact with the ungodly.”
“Who are, exactly?”
“Well, you, for one,” answered Mona, “Actually, anyone outside of the Brethren.”
“That sounds very restrictive.”
“It is, but it is not until you are outside this world that your eyes are opened to it.  No TV, no radio, no Internet, no newspapers; there is a strict regime of isolationism.  Do you know what I now compare it to?”
Martin could almost guess the words that Mona was about to speak, but remained silent, allowing the young woman to make her own analogy, “North Korea.  You know, before the... what is it called, Great Reawakening.  Is that right”
“Yes,” Martin confirmed.
“I was just as blinkered as those poor people.”
“So how did you get away?”
“I was knocked over by a car.”
“Extreme.”
“It gave me time to think.  I was confined to a hospital bed for three months after the accident.  It was the first time that I had spent any time away from the Brethren.”
“Gave you a taste of the real world?” Martin asked, although he continued more flippantly, “Although no TV, no newspapers, or anything, it doesn’t sound too bad to me.”
Mona cast her glance around her present surroundings, “As you can see, I still don’t have access to any of those things even now.  No,” she continued, “it wasn’t being exposed to the real world, as you put it, that was such a revelation, so much as being allowed time to discover exactly who I was, and more importantly, what I believed.”
Time to think.  Martin recalled a conversation he had had with his old employer, when Garnet had advocated the necessity for exactly the same thing.  Passive reactors ripe for automative take-over, had been Garnet’s assessment of humanity.  Martin was still not entirely convinced that the machines were quite at the stage in their evolutionary progression where they posed a significant threat to the domination of mankind, but he could perceive how, in the vacuum left behind between the decline of one great mental colonisation - spirituality - and the rise of the next - technology - opportunist, organised religions could seep in, with the promise of relieving the individual of the burden of original thought.
Martin was intrigued to know what had been the conclusion of Mona’s period of enforced self-examination.  “And so what do you believe now?”
“Nothing.”
“A Nihilist?”
“Not that.  A Humanist, if you have to have a label, but not that either.  We live, we die, we smile, we cry, we eat, we breathe, we...”  Mona paused, her train of thought momentarily diverted.  “There is only one bed.  We must sleep together, yes?”
“Yes.  Yes of course, no problem,” Martin agreed, embarrassed, desperate to know what happens after ‘we eat, we breathe’.
We, we, we.
Chapter Thirty-One

Jake Carver was both shocked and appalled by the contents of the DVD he was currently watching.  He was also amazed that Pak Min should have failed to warn him to what degree he featured personally in the would-be documentary, assuming that she had watched the thing itself before posting it to him.
It had not been a good day: news had come in that a tall building project planned for construction in Manila, with work due to start in 2011, and which Carver had thought that he had succeeded in halting, on the strength of an objection based on environmental grounds that he had previously lodged at the Philippines Department of Building and Planning and which, at the time, had looked like it might take many months to overturn, had actually been dismissed as ‘irrelevant’ to quote the letter he had received that morning.  More extreme counter-measures were obviously going to be necessary: it would appear to be a suitable case for re-employing the services of the Green Brigade.  The Green Brigade comprised of four erstwhile eco-warriors who had cut their reactionary teeth during the anti-globalisation disputes at the turn of the Millennium, bobbing up in Seattle and in Genoa to campaign against the WTO* and the G8* summit, and who had since gone on to be veterans of such anti-capitalism debacles as occurred in Berlin in 2004 and Copenhagen in 2005.  It was at about this time, though, that they were recruited by a conglomeration of the very multinational companies that they had previously sought to knock down: still maintaining their anarchist credentials, and unknown to their fellow anti-globalisation colleagues, the Green Brigade had actually sold out to big business, who now employed them to merge and infiltrate potentially reactionary groups, and report back to them in advance of any plans for attacks against any of their world-wide holdings.  The Green Brigade’s cover remained intact, and they were indeed instrumental in preventing the planned arson attack on the head offices of Macdonalds in Oak Brook, Illinois in 2007, and the plan to introduce a powerful laxative into Starbucks’ milk supply in the following year.  Carver had been introduced to the group a short time ago, but had already found that their particular brand of direct activism could prove useful in stirring up local opposition to major building projects: he wondered if they would be free to travel to Manila the next week.  It would require a phone call to find out.
Before Carver had had any opportunity to put this plan into operation, though, he had been informed by his secretary that a parcel had just arrived for him, marked urgent.  The slim package had turned out to be a DVD of the demo film that Pak Min had phoned him about two days before: his office laptop had a DVD player installed, and so he wasted no time in inserting the disc, and sitting back to watch the unfolding investigation.
The initial footage was purely scene-setting: the screen filled by the earnest, young, slightly pock-marked face of a Korean man, detailing in nervy, faltering English, the background history of well documented facts surrounding the death fall of Garnet G. Wendelson, and also about the later discovery of the two bodies of Kim Dong-Moon and Pak Jin-Siek.  There was nothing that Carver did not know there.  The Korean man went on to explain that as a result of the ‘tireless’ investigation of his team of ‘professional and dedicated’ journalists, and the recent discovery of both a diary and papers once the property of one of the dead men, Pak Jin-Siek, a new motive to account for the three deaths had come to light, and one that the Pyongyang Police Department was being forced to consider.  The camera gradually moved away from the young man’s face to reveal the Wendelson Building behind him, as the reporter’s voiceover continued, “This is the evidence we have unearthed.”
A female voice took up the tale: The story all begins, two years earlier, on the very day that Garnet G. Wendelson first arrived in Pyongyang.  A note in the airline lost property register at Sunan Airport records that Mr. Wendelson had the misfortune to lose one of his suitcases during his international passage from Beijing.  During the course of our investigation we have since discovered the whereabouts of that missing baggage, and unravelled the cataclysmic cycle of events its loss was to set in motion.
The background images to accompany this commentary were of general shots of the major monuments in the New Korean capital city, and more specific pictures of the airport terminal building on the outskirts of Pyongyang.  Carver found himself engrossed in the unfolding tale: there was no denying the South Korean TV team had put together a professional-looking package.
The journey of the missing bag itself was fairly straightforward: as with so much luggage these days, the item was intercepted on the baggage carousel at Sunan International Airport by a member of the radical religious cult - the Terminal Baggers.
Carver had never heard of the term, but was prepared to believe the statement.
The Terminal Bagger, in turn, was apprehended before he could dispose of his bounty, by a member of airport security, a man operating for a private firm of security guards - all ex-military personnel - run from the offices of a larger holding company, registered in the name of Pak Jin-Siek.  Two bodies, both found dead in very different circumstances, but now a gossamer link possibly binding them both together.
Carver was not entirely convinced by the logic of the journalist’s claim, but he suddenly experienced a first uneasy feeling about just where this investigation was leading.  The on-screen image was that of a dirty, seemingly-disused warehouse, the windows smashed, the floor dusty and covered in building debris, as the voiceover continued:
Anything of material value in Garnet Wendelson’s suitcase was presumably disposed of soon after the bag was first stolen, but we have recently discovered important documents, previously hidden and unknown to the Pyongyang Police Department at the time of their initial investigation, in this warehouse belonging to Pak Jin-Siek’s company, and which clearly were once the possessions of Mr. Wendelson.  There are detailed architect’s plans of his designs for the then future Wendelson Building; there are various letters relating to business affairs and travel arrangements; and perhaps most importantly, there is a copy of his will.
Jake Carver felt a shudder run down his spine as the final word was uttered.
We have also come into possession of a diary written by Pak Jin-Siek which fills in some vital gaps and answers some key questions in our investigation.  But first a little background.  Pak Jin-Siek was born into a large, farming family in Kaesong in 1966.
The screen showed a close-up picture of an old sepia photograph of a rural community, standing, in a slightly unrelaxed, staged pose, the men carrying large scythes, the women holding bundles of produce, the children squatting, or sitting cross-legged, smiling.  One small boy, to the left of the group, had had his head circled, and it was on this youthful, laughing face that the camera now focussed in upon.
After serving his compulsory National Service, Pak Jin-Siek decided to remain in the armed forces, acquitting himself well, and being promoted to the rank of Teukmu-sang-sa*.  He was remembered as being a brutal task-master by the men who served beneath him, but was well regarded by his superior officers and respected by his comrades.  The Great Reawakening came as a terrible blow to Pak: not only did he lose his job, he also lost his sense of identity.  The violent aspect of his character which he had previously been able to channel legitimately into his military activities, also no longer had a suitable outlet, in the new world order of peace-loving New Korea.  It was inevitable, under such circumstances, that Pak Jin-Siek would turn to crime both as a source of income and as a means to regain lost respect.  That Pak was successful in his new career appears undeniable: money was flooding into the resurgent country in a way never previously imagined, and Pak was quickly able to establish - with the assistance of many like-minded ex-army pals - a crime network to rival similar mafioso-style operations in place throughout the former Soviet Union and eastern Europe.
Carver started as, unexpectedly, the familiar face of Kim Dong-Moon suddenly appeared on the computer screen before him.  He recognised the picture.  It was actually a photograph that he had taken of Kim himself, and showed his friend in happier times, relaxing, sitting back on the sofa in his apartment, smoking a cigarette.
Kim Dong-Moon first found himself immeshed in Pak Jin-Siek’s criminal net in early 2007.  Entries in a ledger found amongst Pak’s possessions reveal that Kim Dong-Moon had been paying Pak regular, small sums of money since that time.  Kim Dong-Moon was a construction engineer - he was actually part of the team of men who built the magnificent Wendelson Building - but he was also a gambler, and it was in borrowing money to pay off his gambling debts that his world collided with that of Pak.  It is apparent from reading Pak’s diary that Kim Dong-Moon was steadily falling behind with his payments, and that by the summer of 2008 things appear to have come to a head: Kim had no money to pay his debts; Pak was running out of patience with his excuses.  It was then, though, that another name enters the picture, and one which is to act as a catalyst for everything that follows.
Carver silently mouthed the words before the woman had had a chance to speak them.
Jake Carver.

••••••••••

The commentary continued, for Jake Carver, like a soundtrack to his worst nightmare, but he was powerless to eject the DVD from his computer in the same way that he had been powerless to refuse Garnet Wendelson’s money, or, before that, Kim Dong-Moon’s affection.  The images he now found himself watching, in a state of increasingly mesmerised horror, were those of his own face, superimposed by the soaring relief of the Wendelson Building.  His computer screen had been transformed into a mirror, akin to when it sat dormant, its screen black, reflecting back at him, mockingly, his idle self, except this time the machine was switched on and the pixelated photo that appeared in front of him did not accurately mirror his current gamut of emotions.
The name Jake Carver must have rung an instant chord with Pak Jin-Siek when Kim Dong-Moon mentioned him as someone who might be able to help out with his current cash-flow difficulties: for Pak, Carver was not just an honest employer who might be prepared to advance one of his debtors a small cash sum, but, from his knowledge of the details of Garnet Wendelson’s final will in which Jake Carver is named as the principle beneficiary, he was a potential meal-ticket to a share of a considerable fortune.
There has been considerable speculation since Mr. Wendelson’s death about the precise nature of his relationship with the construction manager on his final project.
Not as far as Carver himself was aware: he shook his head mystified.
Is it realistic to think that a man of Mr. Wendelson’s wealth would leave all his worldly goods to a man, who was, essentially, a hired hand?
Carver’s brow furrowed at the description.
Would it not seem more plausible that Mr. Wendelson and Jake Carver were actually lovers?
Carver swallowed hard: when his name had first been mentioned in the documentary he had anticipated the probability of some unpleasant factual revelations coming to light; he had not bargained for even more unsavoury, and utterly inaccurate, slanders to be invented.
Even if this were not the case, it would seem probable that this is the assumption that Pak Jin-Siek jumped to, installing the unfortunate Kim Dong-Moon to ingratiate his way into Jake Carver’s favour, most likely with the threat of considerable personal harm to him if he failed to acquiesce.  Our investigations reveal that Kim was indeed successful in this befriending of his employer - several city centre casino owners recall having seen the two men socialising together on several, separate occasions.  Quite what Pak Jin-Siek’s motive was for introducing the two men is not entirely clear: perhaps it was simply to have a spy close to the confidence of the future heir; but what becomes clear as Jake Carver and Kim Dong Moon’s relationship develops is that an opportunity for blackmail presents itself to the watching Pak, and with it, a motive for murder.
Jake Carver found that he was beginning to find it difficult to follow the progression of the journalist’s thinking: even when he was - apparently - one of the major players in the bizarre conspiracy that was being revealed on the screen, much of the information he was hearing was actually new to him, and it was taking him considerable effort to assimilate it with the facts as he had previously known them.  He took a long draught from a glass of water resting on the desk beside him before returning his undivided attention to the computer screen.
It would seem common sense, to a criminal mind, that it is pointless to blackmail a pauper, and although Jake Carver could never have been viewed in these terms, neither was he, at this stage, a rich man.  But, all that stood between him finding himself in this fortunate position was the completion of the Wendelson Building and the death of its owner, Garnet Wendelson, in that order.  We can only imagine Pak’s impatience as he waited and watched, as brick by brick, the magnificent Wendelson Building, which you can now see behind me, slowly, stretched ever higher upwards: its construction must have proceeded painfully slowly for Pak Jin-Siek, but wait he had, since Mr. Wendelson’s will stated that Jake Carver would not inherit a penny unless the tower was completed.
And so we come to the day of 1st May 2009.  As all viewers will be aware, this was the day that Garnet Wendelson plunged to his death from the top of his newly inaugurated skyscraper, a plaque discovered on the roof of the building confirming the eventual police verdict, that Mr. Wendelson’s death was as a result of suicide.  Our team of investigators would like to propose a different, and far more sinister, explanation for the events of that day.
New evidence suggests that Mr. Wendelson was actually killed by Pak Jin-Siek: we believe that Pak lay in wait for Mr. Wendelson at the summit of the Wendelson Building, that he struck down and injured Mr. Wendelson’s male attendant, and that he wheeled Mr. Wendelson’s wheelchair to the edge of the roof beside the Chin Cascade, before eventually toppling him off, where he fell to his death in the river below.  The mysterious plaque that appeared on the monument at the roof of the building and which led police to the conclusion that Mr. Wendelson had taken his own life, Pak had arranged to be fixed in place prior to inauguration, most likely by a member of the construction team working on the building, quite probably by the luckless Kim Dong-Moon.
The image on the computer screen transferred to a close up of the brass plaque, the words hard to read, but visible, in the strong, reflecting sunlight: ‘To commemorate the suicide of Garnet G. Wendelson from the roof of the Wendelson Building this day of 1st May 2009’.
We are pleased to announce that the Pyongyang Police Department have been persuaded, on the basis of our findings, to reopen the case concerning the death of Mr. Wendelson, although with the subsequent assassination of the two main protagonists, no further arrests are anticipated.
And as for the fate of Pak Jin-Siek and Kim Dong-Moon, both found dead on wasteland on the outskirts of the city, murdered in execution style by a single gunshot each: what of them?  We may never know the true facts.  Were they killed by an unknown third accomplice to the murder of Garnet Wendelson, were they somehow caught up in the City Corps’ ruthless ‘zero tolerance’ approach to crime, or were they, in a fashion of ironic justice, perhaps killed by their would-be blackmail victim.  Did the worm turn?
Again Carver found himself wrinkling up his nose in annoyance, as much from his inability to defend himself against the electronic tirade than from the actual insult of the words themselves.  Worm, indeed!  It was then that the implication of the reporter’s words dawned on him: they were actually accusing him of murder.  Where he had hoped to learn more about Kim Dong-Moon’s death and perhaps even discover a lead to the assassin Medea who still held a loaded gun to his own head, he now realised that he was being touted as the prime suspect for the murder.  He didn’t know what to do.  He supposed that the sensible thing would be to consult a lawyer.  Carver had not spoken to Leyton Drisdale for several months, barely at all since returning to New York, but now, as the images on the computer screen faded and the DVD automatically ejected itself with a soft, mechanical purr, he reached for his telephone and began to dial his number.
Chapter Thirty-Two

The pygmy village was picturesque in a way that Martin had not anticipated.  It was in a pleasant clearing in the forest, not so far off the main road that it made journeying to it particularly arduous or uncomfortable, even for the wide-beamed German woman who was waddling along so slowly immediately in front of him that it was all that Martin could do to stop himself punching her in his impatience to hurry past, and there was even a helpful sign - written in three languages - and a guiding arrow, to reassure the bold adventurer that he was still travelling in the right direction.
Before entry was permitted into the circle of low, thatched huts, which comprised the main village complex, each visitor had to solemnly hand over a five dollar bill - the amount clearly indicated on the printed board of tariffs - to an elderly pygmy man, who collected the notes eagerly before tucking the booty into a conspicuously Western-style bum-bag which he had concealed beneath a more traditional-looking hide loin cloth - the only item of clothing that he was wearing.  In the distance, other members of his tribe were sitting around, looking bored at the prospect of the day’s batch of fresh visitors.  Martin saw one young pygmy boy drinking from a can of Diet Coke, before another man - clearly from a different tribe, evident from his superior physical stature - clipped him solidly around the ears, and with a gesture, all too obvious, signalled for him to hide the telltale sign of consumer decadence.
Martin turned to Mona puzzled, “Is this where you live?”
Mona smiled, slightly wistfully, “No.  I just wanted you to see this first.”
The three other tourists - Martin did not apply the same description to himself - who had journeyed with Martin and Mona from Kisangani, milled around the pygmy compound interestedly, poking their heads into the doorways of the various huts blissfully unaware of any invasion of privacy, and pointing their cameras at the diminutive inhabitants every time one of them showed any inclination towards ‘traditional’ activity.  Each time a photo was taken, or a sanctuary violated, one of the members of the taller tribe would step forward and demand a sum of money, pointing angrily at the board of tariffs when met with any hint of refusal.  It was a thoroughly dispiriting scene.
Mona explained, “The taller tribe, the Lese, they have recognised the pygmies’ value as a natural resource.  Tourists, they will come a long way, and pay a lot of money just so they can say they have seen a real life pygmy in the jungle, and the Lese are exploiting this fact, except, of course, this is nothing of the kind.  It is a charade.  None of these people actually live here, it is like a stage set.”
“Pygmyland.”
“Yes, if you like.”  Mona coughed suddenly.
“Are you okay?” asked Martin anxiously.
“Yes, just a little tired.”  She smiled again, “I’m okay.  It is very hot today, yes?”
Martin agreed, but he continued to look at his companion, concerned.
A young pygmy woman had approached the two Europeans unnoticed by Martin as he watched Mona.  The first moment he spotted her was when she was standing directly in front of him, and was in the process of lifting up the front of her T-shirt - which appeared to display the faded logo of the 1998 Coupe du Monde - to reveal her bare breasts beneath.  At the same instance, he felt a strong hand take his elbow, wheeling him around so that he was facing the dark features of one of the Lese villagers, who said in good English, “She will take off.  Authentic photo.  Only five dollars.”
Martin waved them both away, annoyed, turning to Mona, “Why are we here?”
Mona pointed to a familiar-looking poster, tacked to a wooden support on one of the village houses.  “You said that you were looking for Ghiliba, for the Mancala movement, right?”
“Yes.”
“It is all that I have heard these people talk about for months now.  These posters,” she tore down the paper sheet, “they have gone up everywhere.  The name Ghiliba has swept through the Ituri Forest quicker than a wildfire.”
Martin pointed at the name of the location of the proposed grand Mancala meeting, as written on the poster.  “And Goma is close to here?”
“Quite close.”
Martin recalled the description from his divination prophecy, “A place of lakes and volcanoes?”
Mona coughed again before answering, “Yes, that would be fairly accurate.”
Martin found himself instinctively glancing to where he would normally have been wearing a watch, before asking, “And do you know what day it is?”
“Today?  Day or date?”
“Either.”
“No.  Not a clue.  How about you?”
“No idea.”
“Nice, isn’t it?”

••••••••••

When Martin considered his last, serious girlfriend, he realised that it must have been Jenny Cook in 1996, when he was just twenty-one.  A lot had happened since then.  He had lived with Jenny, on and off, for the best part of a year before they had eventually split up; the parting - amicable, but not without its necessary emotional upheaval - had been part of the reason that he had decided to depart English shores in the first place.  During his employment as Garnet Wendelson’s carer, there had not been the time to form any close attachments to a ‘special other’, although he had come to a mutually-beneficial arrangement with a female stewardess employed by American Airlines, and who was based in Manhattan when she was not jetting around the globe, for matters of physical ‘servicing’ - no emotional baggage attached.  During his lengthy sojourn in Pyongyang, though, even this arrangement had lapsed.
It was strange really, should he ever have been asked, Martin would have said that he considered himself quite a conventional person, someone that believed in the sentiments of marriage - if not exactly the actual practice entrenched in Christian doctrine - imagined himself having children, being a father at some stage; settling down; career, mortgage, slippers, retirement, golf? - no never that - but safely nuzzled into middle class obscurity certainly, and yet, here he was, already past his prime - some would say - without job, prospects, friends, lost in the middle of a Central African jungle, and with a contract out on his life.  He had taken a seriously wrong turn somewhere on the life path.  In his youth, when he had been down on his luck, he had managed to surround himself with people doing significantly worse than he was himself - Brian Bilger, came instantly to mind: unfortunate name; unfortunate bloke - and in the reflection of his acquaintances’ collective failings he had managed to feel better about his own situation.  Now there was not even someone else against whom he could measure himself, advantageously or otherwise.
It was not exactly as though he could call Mona his girlfriend either.  True they had shared a bed, but out of necessity rather than as a result of any instantaneous sexual attraction, nevertheless, he found that he could not help but consider Mona in terms other than as an intimate and close friend, irreconcilable with the short duration of time they had actually been acquainted with one another.  In idle moments, he caught himself experimenting with combinations of names in his head: ‘Mona and Martin’, ‘Martin and Mona’, they both sounded pretty good; ‘Mona Meek’, quite nice, punchy and neat, a nice, even, rounded sort of a name; ‘Martin and Mona Meek and their three children Maurice, Mabel and Martha’, no, he was going too far now.  It was nice to have someone to care for again though: for too long, now, he had been thrown back on his own devices and company, and that was not a healthy situation should it continue indefinitely.  And Mona was certainly in need of some care at the moment.  What had started as a mild cough, had developed into something obviously more serious.  After they had left behind the touristic travesty of the faux pygmy village, Mona had led Martin on a hike of several days’ duration, deeper into the magnificent forest, and ultimately to the settlement that she had come to consider home and the pygmy tribe who had adopted her as family.
During the course of their journey, Mona’s physical condition had deteriorated: it was obvious that she had a fever, and although she had tried to disguise the fact from Martin, he had caught her being sick on several occasions.  The cough was worse now too, and would rack her whole body in an uncontrollable spasm, and she had to regularly request Martin to halt, so that she could sit down because she was feeling dizzy.  As with so many in the medical profession, Mona did not make a good patient, repeatedly denying her symptoms and refusing to take anything to aid her discomfort.  Martin repeatedly entreated her to rest, but felt powerless to insist when the young Italian woman seemed determined to press on to the pygmy settlement, telling him that she would be able to look after herself far better once they were there.  The dark, forest nights were the worst times: Mona’s chesty spluttering and sudden, unconscious feverish cries mingled with the nocturnal sounds of the jungle, to form a lunatic’s chorus, and Martin found himself holding his hands over his ears, and rolling himself into a tight, foetal ball in his makeshift hammock, to block out the horror.  The horror.
By the time they had eventually reached Mona’s adopted tribe, the young woman was barely capable of supporting herself upright, and was babbling incoherently, her temperature still racing.  Martin felt scarcely better himself: no longer on account of his own earlier fever, but from the guilty knowledge that it was almost certainly from him that Mona had caught the disease which currently ailed her, and also that if she had not used up all of the drugs she had been carrying in her travelling first aid kit to treat him, she might have been able to ease her own suffering.  For a further two days and two nights Martin stayed beside Mona constantly, as the young woman lapsed in and out of consciousness.  During this time, the pygmies maintained a respectful distance, going about their own business, as if by closing their eyes to the problem they could ignore the fact that sickness had presented itself at their own door.  By the third day, Mona appeared, superficially, to be a little better.  Her temperature was slightly reduced and she was able to open her eyes and talk to Martin reasonably lucidly, but her pulse was still worryingly slow, and she had lost a lot of weight, her face looking particularly gaunt, her big eyes haunted hollows, and her normally tanned complexion sallow and jaundiced.  Martin pushed away some stray strands of black hair from where they had fallen across her face, the hair sticking together, damp with sweat, feeling like seaweed, slimy.
“I ache all over,” Mona said, looking up into Martin’s face.
“Just lie still.  It’ll be all right,” he said, trying to sound more reassuring than he felt.  “Is there anything I can do?”
Mona ignored Martin’s enquiry, “Do you know that the first man ever diagnosed with SIDA* was here in Congo.”
“Really.”
“Strictly, no, that is not true.  It was the first ever sample of VIH positive blood that was taken here.”
“VIH?”
“Le virus d’immunodéficience humaine.  Oh, of course.  Sorry, English.  I’m talking about HIV.”
“Oh, okay.”
“It was in Leopoldville.  I like that name.  For all that the Belgians may have screwed this country, I like the names they left behind.  Kinshasa, as is now.”
Martin tried to silence the young woman, “Shouldn’t you be resting.  You can tell me this later.”
Mona continued though, “No.  That was back in 1959.  You’ve probably heard all the theories?  For a while it was proposed that the virus could have resulted from the mass polio vaccinations in this region during the late fifties.  The theory was that the CHAT vaccine, some of the samples of which were grown on chimpanzee kidneys, had allowed a crossover between species of the chimp disorder, Simian Immunodeficiency Virus, and which then manifested itself in humans as HIV.”
Martin nodded, although the information was new - and of only marginal interest - to him, but since he could see the look of seriousness in his companion’s face, he allowed her to continue her monologue uninterrupted.
“The idea was subsequently largely discredited, admittedly by the Americans, who had a vested interest in seeing it quashed since they had been responsible for developing the vaccine in the first place, but nevertheless quite convincingly, when computer extrapolations back of the mutations that would have had to occur in the DNA sequences between the SIV virus and the HIV virus, indicated that the crossover must have occurred significantly further back in time, perhaps in the 1930s.  Is this boring you?”
“No, no,” Martin lied, indulgently.
Mona winced, clutching her side.  She breathed deeply, regaining her composure before continuing, “I just want to explain to you the reason why I came out here.”
“There is plenty of time for this another time,” said Martin.
“No,” said Mona firmly.  “You don’t understand.  There was blood in my stool this morning.  You did not see, but I know.  There is nothing you can do.  Not here.”
“What?” asked Martin, alarmed.
“It can happen like this with typhoid.  I have seen it before.  A punctured intestine.  It leads to peritonitis.  You know, a burst appendix.  There is nothing we can do.”
“No.”
“It is all right.  I just want to explain.”
“I’m listening.”
“It got me wondering what was happening out here at that time.  If there was something that had contributed to the birth of this virus.”
“And what did you find?” asked Martin, suddenly intrigued, wondering if this young Italian woman had made some major discovery in this remote and largely unexplored jungle: a place almost unique in the modern world, where Western man had not made significant inroads, and wild imagination was allowed free, unfettered roam; where wild animals remained unclassified and unknown* and where life carried on today in a fashion unchanged in millennia.
“Nothing,” said Mona, the single, disappointing word escaping from between her lips like a final breath of life, or the last air in a deflating balloon.
“Nothing?”  Martin felt slightly outraged, despite his best attempts at empathy with his stricken patient.
Mona tried to elucidate, “There were big refugee camps at that time on the border with Rwanda.  The Belgians had introduced compulsory passes for Rwandans in the 1930s in an attempt to differentiate between Hutu and Tutsi.  I don’t know if you know, but ethnically the two ‘tribes’ are not different, they are both Banyarwanda.  The division is purely on lines of wealth; the Hutu being the peasant farmers, the Tutsi the dominant land owners.”
“Not much different to feudal Europe then,” said Martin.
“So the Belgians must have thought.  Anyhow, as you can imagine, in these circumstances, there were revolts by the Hutu and there were counter-revolts.  Many Hutu fled to Uganda, many to Congo, close to where we are now.”
“So?”
“Have you ever been in a refugee camp?”
“No.”
“I worked briefly for Medecins Sans Frontieres on the Jordan Iraqi border before I came out here.  Nearly four years after the end of the Iraqi War and they still hadn’t managed to resettle all of the displaced people.  The squalor in the camp was appalling; diseases were rife; it was not somewhere that you would ever want to be.  I couldn’t stick it, I’m ashamed to say.”
“And this is better?” asked Martin, disbelievingly, his gaze casting around the muddy encampment and primitive living conditions.
“Oh, infinitely so,” said Mona.  She winced again; a long shudder convulsing her body as a pain which seemed to begin in her lower abdomen shot up through her whole torso.
“You need to rest,” said Martin.
Mona allowed herself to lay flat, the shooting pain seemingly having knocked the last vestiges of battle out of her.  She still continued to talk, quietly though, as if voicing private thoughts to herself, rather than attempting to communicate anything to Martin.  “They think that Spanish ‘flu may have begun in Etaples, in the French camps during the First World War.  It was just a possibility.  If I could have discovered a link between the camps here in the thirties.  It was just a possibility.”  Mona began to ramble.  “But it was just a crossover from an animal.  Chimpanzees.  That’s all.”
Martin folded up a thick, coarse-haired blanket into a bundle and slipped it beneath Mona’s head as a makeshift pillow.  He touched the tip of his finger to her lips and told her to be quiet.  “Sleep now.  You can tell me later.”

••••••••••

Mona’s condition deteriorated quickly.  She talked about death during every lucid moment.
“It is okay.  I used to imagine what my funeral would be like.  I guess that everyone does, right?”
Martin didn’t like to disagree, but privately thought that it revealed a slightly morbid predilection on the part of his companion.  Out loud he said, in an attempt to lighten the mood, “Personally, I always used to imagine my Oscar acceptance speech.”
Mona looked confused, “But you are not an actor, are you?”
“No,” said Martin, “That’s the point.”
Mona gasped suddenly and gripped her side.  There were fresh beads of sweat on her forehead and her eyes looked suddenly terrified as though she had glimpsed something horrific awaiting her at the end of a long tunnel.  She reached around, almost sightlessly, trying to find Martin’s hand.  “Hold my hand, will you,” she asked.
Martin entwined his fingers with the young woman’s.  “Is there anything I can do?” he asked, feeling helpless.  “Is there a prayer, you would like me to say.  I don’t know how it is with your religion.”
“I have no religion,” said Mona simply.
“Is there...?”
Mona interrupted Martin, “Just hold my hand and tell me nice things.”
“I don’t understand.”
Mona said, “I once heard about a whale that was stranded on a beach.  It was a big whale, weighing many tonnes, and it must have misjudged the tide and found itself in shallow waters from which it could not escape.  You know, a whale can survive out of water for some time, and soon this one was surrounded by a great group of people who lived close to the beach.  The sea was so close that they thought that if they all pushed the whale together they would be able to manoeuvre it back into the water again.  They pushed and they pulled but the whale was just too heavy and they could not budge it one inch, and they all sat around despairing of what to do.”
“I think I’ve heard this story,” said Martin.
“Except for one little girl,” said Mona, “She sat beside the whale, and she stroked it, and she talked to it quietly and told it nice things.  They both knew that the whale was going to die, but she just told it nice things.”
Martin pushed the hair away from Mona’s face and told her to close her eyes.  He stroked the back of her hand, and started to talk.  He told her about the trees, and about how the wind was rustling through the branches and moving every leaf.  He told her about the birds and how he could hear their song.  And he talked about the insects and the noise as they hovered past.  He found himself that he was no longer in the middle of a Congolese jungle describing the exotic plants that surrounded him on all sides, effectively blocking out the light of the sun above, instead he had been transported back to a beautiful, summer day in England.  He was laying on his back in a green meadow of wild flowers, immersed amidst the smell of freshly cut grass, the sound of an invisible honey bee buzzing close at hand, and in the distance the tuneful twittering of sparrows and thrushes, with the sun feeling pleasantly warm on his face and glowing yellow through the barrier of his closed eyelids, and far overhead was the faint noise of an aeroplane.  Passing over.
Interlude

Occasionally the greatest gift that can be bestowed is a temporary relief from the burden of having to think.
When I lost my first son during Operation Desert Storm, he being one of the first combatants killed whilst liberating Kuwait from its Iraqi invaders during 1991, my Christian faith was tested beyond endurance.  I thought that God had deserted both me, and him, and I saw no way forward in a religion that could allow such misery to befall my family.  When I lost my second son, in similar circumstances, and in the same field of conflict, twelve years later, during the Iraqi War of Liberation, I realised how mistaken I had been to depart from my faith.  During those intervening years, between the two grave tragedies which struck my family, I had been seduced by the easy appeal of a faith commonly referred to as the aeroplane religion - it seemed appropriate to me: my first son had been a pilot, flying Apache helicopter gunships.  If ever there was a divine sign, then surely this was it.
My life began to return to normal: it is true what they say, that Time is a great healer.  My first son had had a traditional Christian burial with full military honours and, unlike some of his comrades, I thanked myself fortunate that his body had at least been identified and flown home, so that I could visit his graveside, where, despite my waning faith, I could at least draw comfort from the proximity of his mortal remains.  
When my second son was killed, a victim of unexploded ordnance from a Coalition forces’ cluster bomb - a so-called ‘friendly fire’ casualty - I realised how much my Christian faith had supported me before, and to what extent the Church of the Higher We had deserted me now.  They had no set procedure for dealing with grief; no words to ease the pain.  I was left to make sense of my own emotions, without guidance, direction or leadership.  It was hard at a time when I needed it to be easy.  
I am only grateful that I was able turn to the wise words of another great leader for hope and inspiration in my hour of need, and it is through my love and belief in our noble president, George W. Bush, that I have finally rediscovered my faith in Christianity.  It is President Bush who has given me that greatest gift, at a time when I needed it most: the relief from ever having to think.  I believe in our president’s ‘Divine Plan’ and I have found consolation in my personal loss in knowing that my sons’ sacrifice has furthered our country’s rightful purge on evil religions and the regimes that harbour them, and has brought the world closer to living in peaceful Christian harmony.
God bless America.

(Extract from Notes to Self Upon the Death of a Son by Emily Weir.)
Chapter Thirty-Three

“I really don’t think that you have anything to worry about.”
Leyton Drisdale wheeled his leather chair around from the computer screen so that he was facing his client, Jake Carver.  He had just finished watching the inchoate documentary that Carver had received from Pyongyang.  For Carver, it was the sixth time that he had viewed the same footage.
Carver exploded, “Nothing to worry about!”
“They look like amateurs.  No network is going to pick up on this.  It’ll do the round of a few administrators in the studios, find its way on to the slush pile of a few agents, and will be dead and buried inside a couple of months.  It’s old news.  No one cares.”
“That’s not the point.  It’s what they found out.  If they could...”
“What are you worried about?”  Drisdale was sounding unusually confident.  He reasserted the question seeing the slightly blank look on Carver’s face.  “I mean what are you really worried about?  Scared of being indicted in a murder investigation?  Or more terrified of being outed?”  He said the last word, harshly, cruelly, only too well recognising his companion’s Achilles’ heel.
“I...” Carver spluttered.
Drisdale waved the DVD containing the documentary film in front of Carver’s face as he handed it back.  “Do you think there was anything on there that I didn’t know already?  I’ve had my own men out in Pyongyang investigating ever since Garnet’s death.  It’s surprised me that you haven’t been doing the same.  I would have thought that you would have wanted to track down Medea.”
“I do.  I’ve been busy,” said Carver.
“What?  Blowing up buildings?” asked the black lawyer, facetiously.  “I would have thought that my approach to our mutual assassination problem was slightly more practical, wouldn’t you agree?”
Carver sat back in his own chair, only too well aware of his own uncharacteristic inactivity in resolving a personal situation; once again conscious of an overpowering sense of emasculation in the presence of the lawyer’s critical analysis.  He felt like a child, powerless and out of control, who has been unable to vocalise a specific worry or known how to tackle a particular problem, and who is now just relieved that a parent has stepped in and taken control of the situation.  “What have you found out?” Carver asked.
Drisdale stretched out his arms in front of him, interweaving his fingers and making the bones crack audibly.  He sat back in his chair, at the same time picking a stray piece of white cotton off the sleeve of his dark blue suit jacket, holding the thread of material up for examination before allowing it to fall into the waste paper basket beneath his desk.  The cat who has had the cream, Carver thought, his impatience growing, as he watched Drisdale’s display of nonchalance.  He was deliberately being kept waiting; being kept in suspense; made to suffer for his months of indolence. Finally Drisdale said, “Do you remember Garnet's mobile phone?”
Carver replied, “Mobile phone?  No.  Not really.  Should I?  You forget, I hardly knew the man.”
“No, of course.  Apparently he kept it with him constantly during his final months.  The contractors complain of him having bugged them almost constantly for progress reports on the building.”
“That’s true,” Jake Carver agreed.
“Like a kid with a new toy was one description I heard.”
Carver looked annoyed, realising that Drisdale was stringing out his tale.  “Where is this leading?”
“The phone was not on Garnet’s body when it was fished out of the river.”
“So?  Nor was anything much else, so I understand.  There was mention of a missing plaque or something, if I recall.  That was never discovered either.”
Drisdale bent forward and pulled open the bottom drawer in his desk.  He withdrew a hard, flat, rectangular object, carefully wrapped up in a red velvet cloth, which he casually threw across the desk to Carver.  “You mean this one?”
Jake Carver unwrapped the bronze plaque and read allowed the inscription, “To commemorate the opening of the Wendelson Building by Garnet G. Wendelson this day of 1st May 2009”  His eyes widened and he looked back across to where the seated lawyer was resting back in his seat, his arms folded across his chest.  “So that English nursemaid was telling the truth all along.”
“Surprised?”
“Where did you get this?” Carver asked.
Drisdale did not answer directly, “The Pyongyang police department, for all of their faults in their investigation, were nevertheless very thorough in their sweeping of the river bed for evidence.”
“But they did not find this.”
“No,” agreed Drisdale.  “Nor this.”  He withdrew from an inside pocket in his jacket a thin, sleek mobile phone.  He revealed the keypad of the phone with a deft flick of his hand and pressed one button.
“Is this his too?”
“Garnet’s?  No.  My investigators have not been able to locate his phone’s current whereabouts, although they have a fairly shrewd idea of what has happened to it.  I think if anyone could be bothered to organise a search of the Pyongyang refuse tip where your boyfriend and his mate’s bodies were discovered they would eventually turn it up.”
“But that would take months.”
“And would be a pointless activity, in any case.”
Carver looked puzzled.  “So what have you got there?”
Leyton Drisdale looked at the small illuminated display on the phone in front of him before answering.  He smiled slowly.  “What I have is the telephone number of a certain lady that you might like to meet.”  He handed the phone to Carver.  “Would you care to ring Medea, or shall I?”

••••••••••

“It is amazing the power of satellite technology these days,” Drisdale explained.  “A word in the right ear and it is possible to gain access to a world of hitherto invisible information: bugs, phone taps, e-mails, if you know where to look it is possible to discover who spoke to whom and about what for almost every single electronic conversation that takes place.  It should be a lesson to us all.”
Drisdale had immediately retrieved the slim mobile phone from Jake Carver’s eager clutches, with the words, “It’s no good.  She doesn’t answer.  Don’t you think I have already tried to call her.”  He had proceeded to explain, though, how he had come by Medea’s number.
“There is no longer any such thing as a private phone call.  I wouldn’t have thought of it myself, it was my chief investigator out in Pyongyang that decided to check back through the records of telephone calls that Garnet had made from his mobile phone leading up to the day of his death.  Not being in possession of the phone itself was obviously a hindrance, but it proved to be a relatively simple job to trace back through the records kept by the service provider to at least identify the actual numbers that he called.  One phone call, or if I am being strictly accurate I should say text message, that he made struck my investigator as being of particular interest.”
“Yes?”
“It was made on 1st May 2009.”
“The day of his death.”
“Precisely.  More intriguing still, from the satellite record of transmissions, it was possible to ascertain that Garnet made the call from the top of the Wendelson Building.”
Carver looked puzzled.  “Meek never mentioned a call.  He was there all the time, right?”
Leyton Drisdale shrugged, “Perhaps he was not aware of Garnet sending his message.”
“Or could his killer have been responsible?”
“Not from the time records.  No, it appears certain that the message originated from Garnet Wendelson himself.”
“And so what did it say?”
“That we don’t know.  We can trace the signal, the originator and the receiver, but there is no record of the actual message itself.”
Carver was catching on though, “But it was to this number, was it?”  He pointed to the phone that the lawyer had previously shown him.
“Dial 1-800-Assassin.”  Drisdale said, amused.
“Interesting.”  Carver scratched his head.  “What could Wendelson have wanted to say?  Hang on.”  A sudden thought struck him, “That idiot Meek mentioned something about him planning to change his will.  Do you think he was telling Medea to back off?”
“Well, it didn’t work if he was,” replied Drisdale, being realistic.
“What then?”
“I don’t know.  And frankly I don’t particularly care.  What is more interesting to me is that since we have gained this foothold of information about Medea, we have been able, to some extent, to track her movements, or at least identify which reception mast she is closest to each time she makes or receives a call.”
“Seriously?”
“The miracle of modern technology for you.”
“But you are no closer to actually identifying her?”
“You mean to put a face to the name?  No.”
“So where has she been?”
“It was clear that she turned up in Pyongyang shortly before the assassination of Marcel Chin and was still here when your friend Kim and Pak Jin-Siek were murdered.”
“We hardly need mobile phone records to know all that.”
“Perhaps not,” Drisdale conceded.
A new thought struck Carver, “I suppose you have no idea why she killed Kim?”
“My investigator’s theory, which I tend to agree with, is that Pak Jin-Siek, before he toppled Garnet over the edge of the Wendelson Building, a premise where I am in agreement with the findings of your media team from South Korea, stole both his mobile phone and also this commemorative plaque.  The plaque, my man discovered amongst Pak Jin-Siek’s possessions after his death, and before, you will note, your investigative journalists were swarming over the place, but as to the mobile phone, there was no sign.  It seems likely that Pak, perhaps innocently ringing some of the stored contact numbers, inadvertently rang Medea’s extension, and that was enough to seal his fate.  The rest is easy to imagine: Medea arranges a meeting, on what pretext we shall never know, but presumably for Pak to keep it there must have been a monetary advantage to him.  Pak drags Kim Dong-Moon along as a backup, and Medea laying in patient ambush shoots them both, reclaiming Garnet’s phone from Pak’s dead body.  Sound plausible?”
Carver did not answer, his mind recalling some of the happier times he had spent with Kim: the way he used to cover his mouth with his hand when he spoke when he was embarrassed; the appearance of the thick veins in his forearms that he found so attractive; his naïve innocence when it came to so much of twentieth century popular culture, the result of so many years spent in the isolation of the Hermit Kingdom prior to the Great Reawakening.  He did not like to dwell on images of how his friend met with his untimely death, particularly in the circumstances that Drisdale was outlining.  It was a dishonourable end: that is what Kim, himself, would have said.  For all his faults, he had been a man who had known the meaning of the word honour.  His association with a man such as Pak Jin-Siek would not have been through choice; it would only have been a misplaced sense of honouring a debt that could have thrown him together with such a strange bedfellow.  Strange bedfellow.  It was a description that could have perhaps more aptly been applied to his own relationship with Kim.
“Carver?”
Jake Carver looked up upon hearing his name.  Leyton Drisdale was looking across his desktop at him, an anxious expression on his face.
“I’m sorry,” said Carver.  “You were saying...”
“About Medea.  From Pyongyang we have traced her journey here to New York.  I think I already told you about the death of Maria Gomez?”
“The Latino nanny?  Yes.”  Carver had a thought.  “Shouldn’t it be possible to get a name for Medea by relating her known movements to...”
“Airline passenger records?  We’re one step ahead of you.  My man is working on it as we speak.”
“So, is Medea still here, in New York?”
“No.  For some months now we have reason to believe that she is in Central Africa.”
“Central Africa?  Whatever for?”
The lawyer shrugged his shoulders.  “Who knows.  Just be grateful that she isn’t here.”
Chapter Thirty-Four

The first thing that Martin saw as the bus came to a halt beside the lake shore in Goma was a white 1972 Mini Clubman estate car.  Of its owner there was no immediate sign.  The second thing that Martin saw - could not fail to see - was the enormous, thronging mass of humanity that had taken up temporary residence on every stretch of open ground along the edge of the lake’s calm waters: the Mancala call to arms appeared to have met with a huge positive response.
It was two days before New Year’s Eve, and the date of the Mancala rally, and Martin realised just how close he had come to being late for the party.  Surprisingly, it had been the sudden realisation that it was Christmas Day that had shaken him out of a lethargy that had engulfed him ever since the death of Mona.  The next three days were to see him take his leave of the hospitable pygmy tribe who had bemusedly and good-humouredly fed and sheltered him during the period of his grief, and then, by way of foot, canoe, truck, and ultimately the hot and crowded bus on which he had eventually arrived, brought him to the prophesised ‘place of lakes and volcanoes’.
The city of Goma lies on the banks of Lake Kivu on the eastern border of the Democratic Republic of Congo and Rwanda, although the main business district is actually located slightly inland, and was not immediately visible from the place where Martin alighted.  Laid out before Martin along the lake shore, on either side of the Route de Gisenyi - the road which snakes its way to the border checkpoint with Rwanda -  was a relatively well-organised canvas city; small, white domed tents of identical design, looking like the oversized heads of wild mushrooms, growing in orderly lines on every available patch of flat land, stretched out as far as it was possible to see.  It reminded Martin of images he had seen on the TV of the Kumbha Mela gathering beside the banks of the Ganges, and of the massive encampment of tents that spring up for every Haj pilgrimage to Mecca.  Looking more closely at the tents, Martin noticed that each one of them had the words ‘Work for Power’ and the Mancala sleeping lion logo printed on the sides of the white tarpaulin.  Other, more makeshift, dwellings had sprung up in the gaps left between the organised shelters, some spectacularly elaborate in their temporary construction; others pitifully modest.  People were swarming everywhere, their collective movement, viewed from a distance, seemingly aimless and comical: in and out of tents; in and out of the lake; back and forth along the shore.  There was no collective direction; appeared to be no sense of purpose.  The racial melting pot congregated in one spot, though, revealed the degree of success that Ghiliba had had in spreading his message far and wide: there were men - and they were almost exclusively young men with only very few exceptions - of all skin colours and racial characteristics; Arabs from the north; Zulu tribesmen from the south; short Bushmen; tall Nubians; men in national costumes; many others in work clothing, some wearing combat fatigues.  The one thing unifying them all: the prospect of work and a belief that through Mancala they would be shown the way to a hopeful independent future that had always been denied them.  Martin found it hard to estimate the number of disciples that had joined this particular pilgrimage, but it certainly must have numbered in the tens, if not in the hundreds, of thousands.  There could be no denying that it was potentially a powerful force, but for exactly what purpose Ghiliba had assembled this ragbag army, Martin was still intrigued to find out.
Martin watched as two young men, both bare-chested, displaying dark, toned torsos, squared up to one another; voices raised in spontaneous angry argument.  A crowd of onlookers quickly gathered, goading on the combatants in languages that Martin did not understand.  The whole encampment was a powder keg of testosterone-fuelled anticipation.  The combination of the hot equatorial sun, liberal amounts of available alcohol, and the boredom of long days and weeks spent in one cramped place waiting for salvation, had combined to produce a society close to the edge of total anarchy.  Ghiliba’s message was going to have to be pretty impressive otherwise there was the potential for a riot in the making.  Martin had already noticed that several of the pilgrims carried firearms, ranging in size from small handguns to, in one case, a mobile rocket-propelled grenade launcher.  For the first time since his own African journey had begun, Martin started to doubt the scale of his own objective - suddenly the idea of ‘confronting the false prophet’ seemed an impossible and futile task, in the face of such huge opposition.  Just locating Ghiliba among the milling ranks was going to prove difficult enough. 
It was while contemplating his next course of action, that Martin felt a friendly slap on the arm, and a familiar voice behind him saying, rather too loudly given the politically incorrect sentiments expressed, “What ho!  Good to see another familiar face.  I was beginning to think I was the last white man left alive.”
Martin turned around to face Geoff.  “It could probably be arranged,” he said grimly, indicating the fields of discontented youth.
“Tell me about it,” agreed Geoff, smiling.  “The old girl broke down last night and I’ve been stuck here ever since.  God what a racket!  Have you ever seen so many people?”
“No.  Impressive, isn’t it.”
“You could say that,” said Geoff.  “Have you only just arrived?”
“That’s right,” said Martin.
“Got yourself a tent?”
“No.  Not yet.”
“You’ll be lucky to find one now,” said Geoff, pessimistically.  “Got one of the last one’s myself yesterday.  That’s what all this squabbling is about.”  He pointed to where the two youths were still pushing each other and shouting, neither sure enough of his own physical prowess to risk an all out offensive attack.  “You can share mine, though, if you like.  There’s plenty of room.  No one else seems to want to put up with me.”

••••••••••
    
“At number three I’d have Georgi Markov.  You know, Bulgarian defector.  Got himself stabbed by a poisoned umbrella on Westminster Bridge in 1978.  Assassin unknown, but it must be up there for pure James Bond originality.  Number two, and it’s predictable, I know, but it would have to be Lee Harvey Oswald and the shot from the sixth floor of the Texas School Book Depository that did for JFK.  Or did it?”  Geoff waved his hands melodramatically, at the same time simulating a slightly feeble ghostly wail, “Woo!  Conspiracy theory, conspiracy theory.  Number one, though, and now this is class.  It would have to be Sidney Gottlieb.”
“Who?” asked Martin.  He stifled a yawn, hiding his mouth with his hand.  He was bored with playing ‘top five assassins’ but found himself asking the question out of an inbred sense of politeness.  Geoff had been correct in one statement.  There certainly was plenty of room in the tent.
Martin had grown accustomed to the quickness with which the sun settles in the tropics, and had even grown used to the absolute darkness of the night-time jungle from his long stay in the pygmy village, indeed, from first finding the total blackness of the forest terrifying he had actually grown to prefer its inky embrace to the washed-out tenebrous dullness of the nocturnal city.  Night in the canvas city was practically indistinguishable from day: camp fires - some of which infernos were so spectacular and out of control as to have surely outgrown the sentiments originally implied by the description - illuminated the shoreline and cast a strange light over the lake’s surface, and the level of noise around the encampment if anything increased from its already deafening daytime volume.  Geoff’s tent was a small sane oasis in the middle of bedlam.
Sane?
Geoff was explaining, “Sidney Gottlieb, aka Joseph Scheider, was a chemical and toxins expert.  CIA, you know.  He developed poisons for the spooks in the Company’s dirty tricks department.  That was back in the days when America’s foreign policy towards third world leaders who they considered were a potential threat to national security was assassination.”
“What?  Early noughties?”
“Say again?”
“Do you mean during the second Bush administration?”
“No, no.  I’m talking far earlier than that.  1960s.  Gottlieb tried to do for Fidel in Cuba, you know.”
“Is that your top hit then?” asked Martin.
“No.  I think that far more impressive was his attempt on the life of the leader here, Patrice Lumumba, then Prime Minister of Congo.”
“Oh?”
“Lumumba was a leftist.  You know the American’s paranoia at that time, Reds under the bed, and all that.  He was a charismatic communist sympathiser in a politically unstable region of the world.  It was not a situation that the US could allow to develop unchallenged.”
“So they called for Sidney.”
“That’s right.  Unusually too, he even travelled to Leopoldville himself, in order to deliver his deadly package personally.  There’s dedication for you.  Do you know what he had planned?”
“No.”
“He concocted a lethal biological agent which he then mixed with a tube of toothpaste which he intended to slip into Lumumba’s personal baggage.”
“You said attempted.  He wasn’t successful?”
“No.  But only because one of Lumumba's local enemies did for him first. Ingenious, though, you’ve got to admit.”
“Very.  It sounds like something from a movie.  Not something that happens in real life.”
“You’d be surprised,” Geoff continued, “I was chatting away to a real life, genuine assassin, only last night.”
“Oh?”  Martin sounded sceptical, suspecting his companion’s credibility.  “Did he have a knife concealed in the toe of his boot, or was he stroking a white cat on his lap?” he asked, sarcastically.
“No, nothing like that.  And he was a she, actually.”
Geoff suddenly had Martin’s attention.
“You mean a woman?”
“You're not slow.  Yes, a woman.  A Russian.  Perhaps just the wrong side of fifty, but still pretty fit, if you know what I mean.  Must have been a real looker in her day.”
“And this was here?  I mean... What?  I mean...”  Martin was at a loss for words.
Geoff misinterpreted Martin’s reaction of fear for surprise.  “I know, not what you expect is it.  She didn’t mind admitting to it too.  There we were, chatting, and I just asked her, pally like, what she did for a living.  And do you know what she said?  Killing.  Funny really.  Do for a living.  Killing.”
Martin gripped the collar of Geoff’s shirt, pulling the smaller man towards him.  He spoke quickly, his anxiety showing in his voice, “Tell me.  Exactly.  Where was this?”
Now it was Geoff’s turn to register surprise.  “A bar in the centre of town.  Le Moustique.  Here, now, steady on, matey.  What is all this?”  He attempted to loosen the hold that Martin continued to have on his clothing.
Martin suddenly became aware of his aggressive action.  “I’m sorry.”  He let go of Geoff’s shirt and brushed down the front of his creased clothing.  “I’m sorry.  It was just such a shock.  What you said.  Please, tell me everything you know about this woman.  It is really important.”
Far from being affronted by the recent attack upon his person, Geoff was actually flattered to be called upon for information: normally people were always trying to keep him quiet; it was a rare day when he was actually requested to speak.  “Well, like I say, she was quite a sight.  Turned my head, at any rate.  I don’t know quite how I had the confidence to speak to her.  Out of my league she was,” Geoff admitted, realistically self-deprecating, “It was just that she was sitting all alone, and it looked as though she had had a few.  Vodkas, you know, that was what she was drinking.  That was what cottoned me on to her being a Russian.”
“Did she tell you so?”
“No.  Not in so many words.  No, I don’t think so.  Bleached blonde hair, it was obvious though.  You know the look.”
“And age?”
“Well from a distance, I must admit, at first I thought that she was younger.  You know her dress, her style, everything, made her look more like a... well, not so old.  Her face, though, up close, you could see she’d been around a bit.  It was cold and hard.  Expressionless.  I mean, still not unattractive, just a bit tough.  I suppose with what she must have seen though, it is not surprising.”
“And she told you that she was an assassin?”
“Straight out.  She allowed me to buy her a drink.  We got chatting, like you do.  I told her about the old girl, breaking down and all, and she listened, and we had another drink, and then I asked her what she was doing here, and she said...”
“She had come to kill someone.”
“That’s right.”
“And did she tell you who?”
“No, she left soon after.  I tell you, I wasn’t sorry.  After she had said that.  I mean, I don’t want to get involved with any woman whose into wet work.”  Martin looked momentarily confused, so Geoff clarified, “Hits.  Killings.”  Geoff fashioned his hand to imitate the shape of a gun, pointing it at Martin’s head.  “Bang, bang.  It’s not my pigeon, if you know what I mean.  No matter how much of a looker she was.  Can’t say I cared for her manners, either.  I like a woman to be a bit more feminine.”
“How do you mean?”
“This one.  The way she ate, it was disgusting.  Quite turned my stomach.  She was sitting at the bar, had this big plate of congealed fat in front of her, white you know, like it had been stripped straight off the side of an animal, and was sticking it in her mouth like you and me might have eaten a packet of crisps.  I tell you, I almost gagged.  Wouldn’t have stopped me, you know, doing her, if I had had the chance, but on top of the assassination thing... well, it’s just not attractive, is it?”
“And did you find out her name?  Or where she was staying?  Or anything?”
Geoff shook his head.  “I’m sorry.  I had had a few drinks too.  You know, what with the old girl breaking down I was in need of a bit of alcoholic solace.  I don’t remember.”
“And she didn’t mention me?”
“You?  Why should she?  You don’t mean...”
“Yes.”  Martin said, resignedly, “I think it’s me she’s looking for.”
Geoff nodded gravely, assessing this information.  For once he was at a loss for words: empathy did not come automatically to him.  Finally, he slapped hs hands together to break the uneasy silence and, as if the conversational pause had effectively drawn a line underneath the previous subject, said, moving on, “Top five formula one drivers.  I’ll start.  Senna.”
Chaper Thirty-Five

Medea did not strike during that night.  Nor even the next one.  Martin awoke, with a degree of surprise on each occasion, to two, bright African dawns.  The new sun was full of optimism and life: it seemed inconceivable that he could be killed on a day that began with such a burst of natural hope.
Early on the previous morning, a vast team of men, each identically dressed in white, full-length boiler suits and dark blue hard hats, had disembarked from a cavalcade of similarly liveried lorries, and had proceeded, during the course of the day, to construct both a towering, many-tiered grandstand and an equally tall stage and platform alongside an area of lakeside which had previously been cordoned off to the gathering masses.  The Mancala roadshow was rolling into full operation.  Right on time.  Martin and Geoff had both watched the scene of building activity, all day long, from the relative shade of their tent’s awning: in the midst of the canvas community there was little better to do to pass the time.  At nightfall, and with their job completed, the team of construction engineers had departed as abruptly as they had arrived, and were replaced in equivalent numbers by severe-looking security personnel, the message of the no-nonsense expressions on their faces reinforced by the no-nonsense AK-47 automatic weapons that they wore about their persons.  The situation was clear: the pilgrims were free to thieve, and fight, and murder amongst themselves to the limit of their temporary favala township, but once they stepped into the designated Mancala compound, a new law of order applied.  Ghiliba’s message was not going to be subverted by personal insurrections.
Martin was impressed by the level of organisation.  He wondered how the man he had met, so many months ago now, in the bar in Swakopmund, had managed to co-ordinate such a complex logistical operation.
“Did you ever meet this guy Ghiliba during any of your travels?”  Martin had asked Geoff, as they had stood at the entrance of their tent the previous evening, Geoff enjoying a cigarette, Martin alternatively watching the stars and following the serpentine progress of a teenage youth who appeared intent on eluding the newly-appointed security patrols in order to gain access to the Mancala stage, for an undisclosed nefarious activity.
“Short guy with a stick.  Yes, I saw him talk once at an open air gathering in Lusaka.  Can’t say that I was that impressed, but he seemed to get the crowd going.”
“A short guy?  You must be thinking of someone else.  Ghiliba is a giant of a man.  He was wearing a djellaba when I saw him.”
“Oh.  My man was just wearing jeans.  He definitely said his name was Ghiliba though.  He was handing out these.”  Geoff had disappeared back inside the tent momentarily, reappearing holding a familiar-looking handbill that he had recovered from the depths of his baggage.  Martin had only had to glance at the leaflet to know that it was identical to the one he had been shown before.
“Perhaps he has disciples?”
“All calling themselves the same name?”
Geoff had shrugged, not really caring, “It’s possible.”
Martin had turned to look in the direction of the sound of a shrill whistle.  The crawling youth had been spotted by one of the uniformed security men at the very moment that he had been attempting to slither underneath the wire fence which surrounded the Mancala compound.  Three guards had converged on his prone form and a summary punishment was metered out there and then with the butt ends of their assault rifles.  The young boy had remained, lying unconscious on the ground, as the three guards strolled away, the sound of their laughter only barely audible above the confusion of noise emanating from the surrounding tents.  Martin had witnessed several other people having been stretchered away from the encampment during his brief stay of residence, although whether their incapacity was the result of too much sun, too much alcohol, or as the result of a violent physical attack, he did not know.  The lakeside community was a powder keg of human frustrations.  Martin wondered if Ghiliba was planning to light the fuse.
The eve of the new year and the advertised date of the Mancala rally was a day of considerable confusion.  No one seemed to know precisely what form the presentation would take, or indeed, what its message would be.  Neither did anyone know when the ceremonies were determined to commence: a steady stream of people had begun to assemble around the perimeter of the enclosure fence soon after sunrise, all pressing forward in an attempt to gain the optimum view of the lofty stage area.  The makeshift grandstand was still being maintained as an exclusion zone by the heavy-handed security personnel, suggesting that there were still some guests to arrive who rated higher up the social pecking order than the bottom-feeding pilgrims who had to jostle and vie for their position.  A large white cross, chalked across the dry grass, close to the stage area, suggestive of a helicopter landing pad, supported the theory of VIP visitors.
The trucks which the day before had ferried the construction crews to the site, today reappeared, this time loaded with sophisticated electronic equipment, and attendant workers: massive speakers, amplifiers, impressive plasma screens, all were unloaded and swiftly assembled upon the stage.  A walk-around console, more in place on the flight deck of a space ship in a sci-fi movie than perched on the edge of a third world jungle, completed the arrangement of technical gadgetry, and it was from this vantage point that it was apparent that a range of lights, projections and sound effects could be manipulated.  Certainly no expense had been spared in the presentation of the Mancala message.
A rumour spread through the burgeoning crowd that the start of the formal proceedings would not begin before nightfall: someone had heard six o’clock; someone else had been told ten; someone else had said that the commencement of events would be signalled by the sounding of a cannon; someone else had heard that it would be drums that would herald the arrival of Ghiliba.  An atmosphere of nervous excitement permeated the entire gathering: no one appeared certain of precisely what they were expecting to witness, but at the same time, no one dared miss being present at the event, nor seemed to be in any doubt that the words of the prophet, when they were eventually delivered, would in some measure alter their lives.  To Martin, the crowd, which had taken on the properties of a single collective entity, each small individual somehow subsumed within the anticipation of the whole, represented a vacuum, every past injustice and bitter experience having driven out the last vestiges of ordinary humanity.  The only thing that still remained to plug the vacuum was hope, and it was hope that Ghiliba was so efficiently peddling.  Martin’s assessment of the mood of the congregation was that it little mattered what Mancala’s message was going to be, it would be sucked up as eagerly as if gold coins began to rain down from the skies.  A disenfranchised population, searching for a collective crutch.  Taken away from their homelands these men did not even have the support of a familiar past to fall back upon.  Ghiliba had created a baseless army, loyal to no borders, a modern day French Foreign Legion, compliant to his every doctrine because they had no better alternative; no single alternative.  In the same way that the revival of Islam had swept across a war torn Somalia in the 1990s, and branches of MacDonalds through an economically isolated and burger-bereft eastern Europe during the same decade - in each case the new influence which had prevailed was largely the first to have arrived, but Islam in eastern Europe and MacDonalds in Somalia could have proved equally successful if only their chronological arrival had been different - so the vacuum would inevitably be filled: it is true what they say, that Nature abhors a vacuum, be it physical, spiritual or moral, it can not be allowed to exist in isolation for too long.  Martin only hoped that he was not going to be swept up in its fateful momentum.
During the course of the long afternoon, food was distributed to the waiting masses, and plastic bottles filled with mineral water.  Several of Martin’s closest neighbours chewed qat continuously, the rhythmic manipulations of their jaws unconsciously marking time as regularly as the most accurate of clocks.  Other men smoked; some, ironically, brought on mancala boards, and bent their heads in fixed concentration on the game.  Of Geoff there was no sign: Martin had not seen him since he had vacated the tent that morning and in the crush of bodies there was no prospect of chancing upon him either by accident or design.  The crowd had swelled dangerously as nightfall approached, and with the sun beginning to sink behind the horizon in the west and an encroaching darkness making its way across the lake’s surface like a black sheet being drawn up, Martin found the pressure of so many bodies almost unbearable.  Increasingly, he was finding his arms pinned to his sides by the mass of people bearing down upon the people immediately to his left and right, as more and more latecomers to the show crowded forward, anxious to obtain a view of the stage.  Several gun shots sounded some distance off to Martin’s right, but whether they were fired by one of the security personnel in an attempt to restore some semblance of order or had actually emanated from within the unruly crowd itself it was impossible to tell.  The effect of the reports, though, was to send a steadily increasing ripple of movement through the mass of bodies as, first the people closest to the gun shots cowered back in a natural defensive reaction, and by so doing caused their neighbours to step backwards, forcing their neighbours, in turn, to do the same.  Martin, having the advantage of being almost a head taller than most of his fellow onlookers, watched as the tide of motion rushed outwards from the epicentre, progressively heading towards him, people falling like dominoes deliberately toppled, incapable of resisting the momentum.  There were screams as people were crushed and trampled, their cries cut short as even more bodies fell on top of them.  When the human wave struck Martin, as he could see that it must inevitably do, he had at least had enough forewarning of its arrival to brace himself, but even so he could not prevent himself from being lifted off his feet and thrown backwards, his gangly frame being deposited forcefully on top of a squat Arab-looking man who stood pressed up beside him and who was pushed to the ground in the ensuing surge of bodies.  Martin attempted to ride out the crush like a surfer, attempting to stay always just above the main thrust of forward-forcing pressure, and in so doing found himself bobbed up, almost like a cork, suddenly riding upon the shoulders of some of his peers.  As the push of one falling person on to the next one continued, Martin found himself being propelled along above the sea of tumbling bodies, every forward motion bringing him nearer to the Mancala stage, like a conquering hero hoisted shoulder high above the grateful liberated.  Or a god, looking down upon the devoted.  Martin recalled the enigmatic outcome of his earlier divination; the words of the prophecy which had brought him to this place of lakes and volcanoes.  Yes, this was truly his destiny.
One of the sets of wooden steps, from which it was possible to gain access to the left-hand edge of the main stage, was now within touching distance of Martin, and by a subtle redistribution of his weight he was able to persuade the domino motion to deposit him immediately beside them.  The security men, who had been guarding so conscientiously the access routes to the platform, had all dispersed in an attempt to quell the potential insurgence and genuine panic caused by the stampede within the crowd, and Martin took advantage of their lack of attention and the general confusion, to climb swiftly the flight of stairs, and step out on to the stage proper.  There were still several workmen, dressed in their Mancala uniforms, engaged in last minute technical alterations to the set and equipment, looking like busy roadies working on the backdrop before a massive pop performance, but, perhaps due as much to the colour of his skin as to the bold manner with which he had set foot on to the wooden boards, none of these officials challenged Martin as to the reason for his presence on stage.  From his heightened vantage point, it felt as though Martin had momentarily stepped above the darkness which was beginning to envelop the ground, and before the sun finally sank below the horizon he had one brief moment of clarity about his surroundings.  The crowd was enormous, far greater than Martin had believed from his previous position in its midst; a vast swathe of humanity which seemed to expunge several decades of gruesome history from the land: continual tribal disputes, power-hungry warlords and rival gangs, economic exploitation, spontaneous massacres, torture and maiming, and intermittent cannibalism.  A soup of human bodies stretched backwards from the stage for as far as the eye could see, only prevented from encompassing the entire field of view by the natural barriers of the lake to the right-hand side and the forest further off to the left.  Although the wooden platform on which Martin stood was not so towering as to rival that of the surrounding trees, nevertheless it afforded longer vistas such that, for the first time, Martin was able to glimpse, in the distance, the taller buildings in central Goma itself and, further along the same bank of the lake although, due to the  natural geography of the lake, appearing as if they lay on a separate shore, the lights and structures of the town of Gisenyi in Rwanda.  Rising above all of the man-made constructions, the background of alternate black and verdant volcanic peaks was a constant reminder of the supremacy of nature, their lowering, encircling presence revealing the vast crush of mankind to be as insignificant as a few ants held in the palm of one’s hand.
Nevertheless, it was hard not to be impressed by the sight of so many expectant faces, all raised, looking up towards where Martin stood.  In his youth, he had been to many rock concerts at big, open-air venues and, as one of the anonymous specks in those massive audiences, had often wondered what went through the minds of the performers as they set foot on stage, the simultaneous object of attraction of so many pair of eyes.  Now he had the answer.  It was all he could do to restrain himself from punching the air and whooping, his feeling of self-importance such that he fully expected the gathered throng to imitate his every motion.
A large dais, complete with microphone, had been set up at the centre of the stage, ready, no doubt, for the imminent appearance of Ghiliba, and it was towards this altar that Martin now went, no longer expecting to be challenged at every moment, instead supremely confident that everything before him was meant for him alone.  As the sound of a distant helicopter could just be heard above the background hum of the crowd, it seemed like just one more sign to Martin, that he was in the right place: he would preach his message of Higher We; he would give the same speech that he had given that day, more than a year before, on top of the Wendelson Building to Garnet Wendelson himself; the arrival of the helicopter in their midst would be like a spiritual visitation, a visual representation of his words.
Martin stepped up on to the raised podium and tapped the bulbous end of the microphone experimentally, in imitation of more knowledgeable public speakers.  He would have liked a drink of water to moisten his throat, but there was none available.  Was there a sudden, anticipatory hush descended upon the crowd of men, or was it just his imagination?  He closed his eyes, mentally picturing the first words that he would utter when he opened them again; the words to begin the most important speech of his life.

••••••••••

Medea watched Martin’s progress across the stage and up to the podium through the cross hairs of the sight on her Tokarev sniper’s rifle.  Her fingers felt sticky from the salo she had just eaten, and she allowed herself the exquisite pleasure of sucking each digit in turn to remove the last vestiges of grease.
Medea watched Martin tap the microphone, the telegraphic sight on her rifle compressing the distance between them such that she felt that she could have been standing directly beside him; could have wiped away the bead of sweat which she saw trickle down his forehead and run along the side of his nose.  As she saw his eyes close she slowly squeezed the trigger.
Part Four: Crash Landing

Chapter Thirty-Six

There was strange news coming out of Africa.  As with all news out of Africa, it took some considerable time for the West to be aware of it, longer still for them to exhibit any interest in it, and longer still for them to take it seriously: so rarely did any events on the forgotten continent cause any repercussions that could upset the cosy balance of life in the prosperous households of Europe and North America.  This time, though, the news was too big to be ignored.  The faces of several hitherto anonymous foreign correspondents, based in places largely unfamiliar to the viewing public, such as Asmara and N’Djamena, suddenly became regular, recognisable images on the TV screens of the cable world.
At first it appeared as though a widespread migration was occurring; reports indicated that there was a gradual - although measurable and significant - shift of population from the more traditional enclaves of civilisation - by the coast - towards the dark heart of the vast continent, specifically towards the Congolese-Rwandan border, where a massive, sprawling, new settlement had established itself.  Further analysis of this demographic phenomena revealed that, in most cases, the resettlement was not permanent and that the migrants would eventually return to their home towns and countries, but with as many new travellers continually setting off as those returning, the overall impression was still one of mass emigration.  Perhaps, unsurprisingly, it was principally only young, healthy men who were involved in this peculiar, circumforaneous behaviour: traditionally it has always been the male of the species who has set off to explore lands anew, and this new trend was no exception to that rule, the arduousness of some of the travel involved dictating a certain level of fitness if not necessarily being so rigourously gender-specific.  Several field anthropologists and one or two Christian missionaries were the first Western people to take any notice of the sudden nomadic proclivity of the people they worked amongst, but such was the level of disinterest in their work by the world at large, that their findings were confined to the pages of only the most scholarly - and unreadable - academic journals, or purely reported in terms of puzzled anecdotal amusement in personal letters to friends and colleagues back home.
It would take an economic reason for the African migration to pierce the protective bubble of global ignorance that the TV-viewing public maintained around itself to disconnect itself - and the associated feelings of guilt - from the harsh realities faced by people of less-developed countries, and which, through the medium of television, were potentially capable of being transported directly into the cosy enclave of the living rooms of the West.  This economic change occurred in two distinct phases, neither of which were immediately linked to any demographic shifts on the African continent: firstly, there was a sudden disappearance from the shelves of most high street retailers of various electrical goods, which, during the course of the previous two decades, had transformed their status from luxury items to essential requirements in most First World households.  Personal computers, mobile phones, video game consoles, manufactured supplies all dwindled and became scarce for no apparent reason.  This situation did not last long though, the shortages being reversed as rapidly as they had first occurred, although it was noticeable that amongst the items now filling the shops one new brand name suddenly prevailed: Mancala.  There was a new kid on the capitalist block.
From a standing start, in the space of less than one year, Mancala the company, had established for itself a secure position amongst the most profitable global multinationals; it was listed on the NYSE*; and had offices in twenty three countries world-wide, with a magnificent HQ based in New York and, bizarrely enough, an East Asian base located on the top six storeys of the Wendelson Building in Pyongyang.  Other giant multinationals involved in the electronics industry all appeared to want - or need - to buy into a piece of the Mancala success story, and a proliferation of established brand names ‘in association with  Mancala’ became a common sight, stamped on the packaging of every form of electrical good.
For a company with such a visible profile on the High Street, the opposite could be said for the people - or person - behind the organisation.  Mancala’s first published annual report did not disclose the name of its founder, instead listing the contact details of twenty high-ranking individuals within the firm, who it quoted were, ‘collectively responsible for the day-to-day running, decision-making and viability of Mancala.’  It was widely accepted that the twenty names were little more than the visual ‘suits’ of the company; enigmatically, a separate paragraph of the annual report stated that, ‘the mission of Mancala is to fulfil the commitments made on 31st December 2010, the responsibility for which is the sole endeavour of Ghiliba.’  Several journalists from various respected business magazines made a number of unsuccessful attempts to gain an interview with the entrepreneurial Ghiliba, leaving them to fill their column inches with pure speculation and vague hearsay about the motives, history and lifestyle of the mysterious founder of the new conglomeration.  In the end, it was a doctorate student of theology who stumbled upon something closest to the truth behind Mancala’s dynamism, when he attempted speculatively to apply an established criterion for testing the veracity of various sects to be considered as genuine religions, to a range of other organisations and ideologies, including Marxism, postmodernism, and globalisation.  Depressingly, for his own personal research and the particular slant he had hoped to adopt in his thesis, he was forced to conclude that under the test conditions he had imposed, almost every organised institution could be considered a religion to some greater or lesser degree and, as a blow to his own spiritual beliefs, some displayed a far higher propensity towards religious faith than the system he had been brought up to believe true, and the Mancala organisation was no exception.  If there had not been such heightened press awareness about everything associated with Mancala at that time, the student in question’s unproved, and largely unfocussed, ideas would never have received an audience beyond that of his closest contemporaries and a couple of external examiners who were paid to read similar examples of such ill-argued nonsense, but someone, obviously with an eye to the main chance, submitted a condensed version of the ‘business as religion’ theory to Global Economics magazine where, slightly reworked, it was to run as a feature article the following month, under the banner headline, ‘The Truth According to Ghiliba.’  The article provoked an uncharacteristically pugnacious and rapid response from Mancala’s solicitors, which, rather than intimidate the editor responsible for publication, in actual fact had exactly the opposite effect, and went some considerable way to convincing him that the words he had submitted contained some discernible degree of truth, so much so that he immediately commissioned a team of eager newshounds to forage to the bottom of the story.  It was not long before - with the benefit of an expense account and a promise of publication behind them - the team had unearthed the organisation’s African origins and, indeed, had even gained an interview with an eye witness who had been present at the Goma gathering on New Year’s Eve 2010, the day which forever after would be recognised as the day of conception for Mancala.
Of interest as all this was to economists, still it was not the sexy stuff of TV news reportage: there were no deaths - certainly no Westerners dead, which were the only statistics that really mattered - there was no natural disaster and attendant dramatic photo opportunities; there was no celebrity gossip.  It would have needed something like a major Hollywood film idol to be caught up in an insider trading shares scandal that went belly up when Mancala stockprices crashed due to an earthquake wiping out their major manufacturing plant, for the new electronics giant to really capture significant media ‘up time’ and so indelibly make its mark on the public consciousness.
Either that, or an announcement that Mancala were close to completing construction of the tallest building in the world.
Chapter Thirty-Seven

“You’ve seen the news?”
Leyton Drisdale regretted taking the call the moment he heard Jake Carver’s urgent tones.  Not that he had not been expecting to hear from the billionaire engineer, rather that it was a conversation that he could have put off quite happily, but, ever since the first public announcement had been made concerning the massive new building project springing up in the very heart of Africa, Drisdale knew that it would not be long before Carver came seeking his advice.
Drisdale sounded weary as he answered, “I presume you are talking about the Tower of Black Power?”
“Of course.  What else?”
“Yes.”  Drisdale added, being deliberately controversial, “Looks mighty... impressive.”
“Doesn’t it,” agreed Carver, bitterly.
Drisdale could not resist saying, mischievously, “You sound almost jealous.  If it is penis envy that you are suffering from I would have thought that you would have been better off ringing a doctor rather than myself.  Or a psychoanalyst, perhaps.”
“This is serious.  How could this building have sprung up without you knowing about it?”
Now it was Drisdale’s turn to sound aggrieved, “Without me knowing about it!  What interest is it for me?  I’m not the one consigned to maintaining Garnet’s place in construction history.  Besides, what’s the problem?  I would have thought you could have just paid your... team - is that the word? - to bring the whole bloody thing tumbling down, and don’t try to sound all innocent, I know all about you and the Green Brigade, who do you think tipped them off about you in the first place?”
“You?”
“Don’t sound so surprised.  I have contacts you know.  So, what are you going to do?”
“They won’t travel to Africa.  I’ve already contacted them.”
“Then find someone else.”
“Who?  Besides, there isn’t the time.  This new construction appeared almost to be completed.”
“I’m sorry, but what can I do?”
“I just...”
Leyton Drisdale cut short the conversation, not prepared to get himself involved in the difficulties of the other man.  He interrupted Carver, saying, “There is one other thing.  I’m glad you rang, I would have rung you otherwise.  It’s Medea.  We have reason to believe that she is back here in New York.   I thought that you would like to know.”

••••••••••

Leyton Drisdale’s secretary hovered nervously outside the closed door to his office, uncertain of whether to knock or not.  She had only been working for the busy lawyer for three weeks and, having yet to complete her probationary period of employment and also having failed to establish an immediate and easy rapport with her employer, she was still unsure when was a suitable time to interrupt him.  She had heard him speaking on the telephone and had delayed sounding her presence while he was still engaged on his call, but had then summoned up enough courage to strike the wood panel when she heard him hang up, only for her hand to be stilled again, as she heard the unmistakable sounds of him making another call.  She pressed her ear hard up against the wood of the door, anxious not to miss a further opportunity of gaining an audience; determined to show herself the second the telephone receiver was replaced.  Drisdale’s words were muffled by the intervening medium and, had she not heard her employer mention the name of a well known film star - and one of her favourite actors to boot - she would not have paid much attention to the nature of the lawyer’s conversation - she had not achieved her current prominence as a legal secretary by demeaning herself through earwigging at keyholes - but the name-dropping had got her intrigued and, try as she might, she couldn’t help but listen.
“He’s filming is he.  So what?  Are you saying he won’t do it?  
“Can’t, won’t, same difference.
“And you’re sure that Denzel’s not free?
“Okay, so who are we left with?
“Is he still alive?
“Broadway!  He might as well be dead.  But he’ll do it, right?
“What’s his fee?
“That’s fine.  Okay, Samuel it is then.  And he knows where it is?  You’ve explained everything to him?  I don’t want him pulling out at the last minute because he is scared of travelling.
“True.  Some of these people would turn up to open a... what’s that?  There is a bit of a delay with the connection.  I’m getting an echo.  Say again.
“He remembered what?  Passengers being sucked out of a plane over Congo.  Oh, I know what he means.  Tell him that was years ago.  He won’t be flying in the same kind of aircraft.
“A Lear Jet?  He should be so lucky.  Just reassure him, it will all be fine.
“Okay.
“Yes, I know.  But it’s all publicity.  And construction, it is all to schedule?  You know I am relying on you for this.  I can’t be seen to be involved.
“Okay.  Good.  Keep me updated.
“Me?  At the inauguration?  I suppose so.  Well, yes of course.
“No, don’t worry.  I’ll make my own travel arrangements closer to the time.  Wouldn’t miss it for the world.  Only place that might be more fun would to be a fly on the wall in Jake Carver’s living room when he sees the news on TV.
“What?  No.  Private joke.”
Interlude

Columbite-tantalite.  Coltan.  Tantalum ore.  Grey gold.  Different words for the same thing.  Both a resource and a ruin for a country.
In Greek mythology, Tantalus was the son of Zeus and the nymph Pluto.  He was a prosperous Lydian king, who was punished by the gods for divulging their secrets to mere mortals.  He was ducked into the river of Hades, the waters of which receded every time he attempted to drink from them, and was located beneath the spreading branches of a flowering fruit tree, the fruit of which remained always just out of his reach.  Hence we get our verb, to tantalise, meaning to raise a hope only to ultimately disappoint it.  Such, would be a good description of the state of the economy in the Democratic Republic of Congo.
Rich in natural resources, Congo, has for many years been the world’s primary source of the valuable mineral known as coltan, which increasingly is used in a vast array of modern, electronic devices, with a range of uses from the aeronautics industry to the everyday home computer and the mobile phone in your pocket.
Great news for a poor country.  So one would think, but the reality makes for far more depressing reading.  Locked in a decade of fruitless civil war, the money generated from Congo’s natural resources is not being ploughed back into improving the well-being and economy of the country as a whole, but has provided a further excuse for rival warring factions, both inside and outside the country, to pillage the land for personal gain.  Reminiscent of the California gold rush of the 1850s, the Democratic Republic of Congo is a land at the mercy of the entrepreneur and the unscrupulous: the prize of economic stability remains tantalisingly out of reach.
‘Congo Caviar’ - the expression commonly used to describe the country’s mineral wealth - has long been a prize that both its immediate neighbours and the larger, economically powerful nations of the Western world have considered a booty worth fighting over and, for the global corporation, a destabilised Congo, ruled by corrupt and purchasable regimes, is a more attractive trading proposition than a legitimate, well-run country, demanding market-prices for its valuable exports.  The West, in its various ‘guises, has long been instrumental in fostering anarchy in the region, in its support of particular power-greedy individuals and militias, groups which in turn rule by the force of fear, over people too poor to disagree.  Only recently, though, since the global war on terrorism has become the keystone of international policy for so many of the wealthy nation states, has the pillaging of the Congo’s natural resources gained a pseudo justification: it is now a moral obligation of the West to control Africa’s ‘rogue states’’ mineral reserves, in order to prevent them from falling into the hands of unscrupulous terrorists, where they could be used to construct weapons of mass destruction.  To let the smallest drop of Christian oil or the tiniest nugget of holy Tantalum ore slip through the West’s clutches would be close to sacrilege.  

(Extract from an article by Max Killingray entitled ‘Congo and coltan: the story of a nation tantalised’ published in the Manchester Guardian, 15th September 2006.
Chapter Thirty-Eight

Leyton Drisdale listened attentively to the instructions issuing from the tannoy system, and obediently fastened his seat belt upon their completion.  He pushed a button on the end of his armrest to bring his seat back to an upright position and automatically checked the fastenings on the table in front of him even though it had been neatly stowed away ever since he had finished his meal of salmon en croute, followed by a wild berry parfait, and washed down by a glass of passable champagne.  It had been quite a long time since he had last flown.  All in all, it had not been an unpleasant experience.  First Class helped, of course.  Drisdale glanced at his watch, making the mental calculation to readjust for the time difference.  He smiled: right on time.  There was a scheduled one hour touchdown at Entebbe and then next stop Goma, just a short hop away.  He would be in his hotel before sunset at this rate, and be able to have a shower and a change of clothes.  He had wondered if the ‘Hollywood Star’ would be sharing the same flight as him - there were few flights each week between the States and the DRC and, with the day of inauguration of the Tower of Black Power being the following day, there seemed no more convenient service he could have taken - but Drisdale had not noticed him amongst the few other First Class passengers, and he could not imagine him travelling with the cramped masses towards the rear of the aircraft.  No matter, his men on the ground had reassured him that everything was to plan; he had no reason to doubt their competence.  Sit back and relax and enjoy the isolation.  For Drisdale, the flight had proved to be a brief period of escapism from a life which had become increasingly hectic, particularly ever since Garnet Wendelson’s death: the plane represented a little, sealed barometric bubble, into which the outside world could make only the most minimal intervention and, conversely, from which Drisdale could little effect events beyond its alloy frame.  It was a surprisingly restful experience.  Drisdale made a mental note to himself to check out the flotation tanks at his New York gym when he returned, and which he had always previously dismissed as being New Age and faddish: he had been working far too hard lately, it was time that he took a break and learned to take it easy, after all, what was this all about if not ultimately to make life more comfortable for himself.  Still, time for all that later: if all went well over the next couple of days, he would be able to retire for good.
Leyton Drisdale was conscious that the pilot’s voice had been sounding over the cabin intercom system again, but by the time he had stopped daydreaming he had missed the greater part of the captain’s message.  Across the aisle, he noticed the sudden look of annoyance on the face of his neighbouring passenger and heard that man tut loudly, apparently as a reaction to the words he had heard.
“What’s that?” asked Drisdale.  “I didn’t catch what they said.”
The man looked at him startled, surprised that the etiquette of silent immobility, which had largely been maintained throughout the duration of the flight, had been broken so confrontationally.  “What?”
“The tannoy.  What did they just announce?”
“Oh.  Some problem at Goma.  It’s okay for Kampala passengers, we’re touching down at Entebbe as scheduled, but it is not clear yet if the plane can then continue from there.  Bloody typical, isn’t it?”
“What sort of problem?”
“They didn’t say.  Just said that all flights were being diverted to neighbouring airports and they would provide more information as soon as possible.”
“Shit.”  Drisdale sunk back into his chair.  So near, and yet so far.  Still, positive thinking, the delay might not be long, no need to panic just yet.
Drisdale’s neighbour, his initial surprise now vanished and, believing that in Drisdale he had discovered a fellow victim of the airline’s incompetence, suddenly became quite loquacious; eleven hours worth of pent-up words spilling out, “So you’re going to Goma too, are you?  Business, is it?  Can’t imagine it is pleasure, eh.  Precious little pleasure to be had there.  Eh.  What line of business are you in?”
“I’m a lawyer.”
It was not the answer that his fellow passenger was expecting.  “Oh.  I thought that you were going to be an engineer.  You know, something to do with the building or the mines.  That’s what... well, I should have guessed.  Your suit.  You wear it far more easily than any of my colleagues.  I suppose there are jobs for all professions out there, right?”
“That’s right,” agreed Drisdale, secretly amused, wondering if he was responsible for paying this man’s wages; at the same time, making a mental note to check that if he was, how come this guy was able to fly First Class.
The engineer was extending his hand, “Robert Cleeves.  Like King Henry’s wife, right?  You know, Anne.  Everyone calls me Bob.”
Drisdale stretched across his armrest to shake hands, “Pleased to meet you, Bob.”
“Looks like we are going to be companions for a little longer.”
Drisdale did not feel any great enthusiasm for this situation, but was realistic enough to realise the truth of the words spoken and decided that although polite conversation was not as preferable as stony silence, since it had been him that had broken the ice he had little alternative other than to engage with his companion.  “So which direction do you go, Bob?”  Anticipating the look of bewilderment on Bob’s face, Drisdale clarified, “Are you a construction engineer or a miner?  Are you building up, or digging down?”
“Oh, I see what you mean.  Mining consultant.”
Consultant.  Drisdale mentally shuddered at the word.  At least the first class expense account was explained, if not, in his opinion, justified.
Bob was continuing to speak, “Not much digging down involved, though in actual fact.  Not in this instance.  It’s more just a question of scraping below the surface.  Do you know anything much about coltan mining?  Not that you should in your line of business.  You do work for Mancala, I presume?  No other reason to travel to Goma, is there?”
Work for Mancala?  Now there was a question.  Drisdale answered, truthfully, “Well, strictly speaking, no I don’t.”
“What, freelance, like me, are you?”
Drisdale smiled to himself.  It was sorely tempting to tell this man the truth; to explain to him how the whole idea behind Mancala had originated some time between Garnet Wendelson making his will on a fishing boat in Florida, and his ultimate death fall from the top of the tallest building in the world in Pyongyang.  Although, of course, in many ways, the germs of an idea for the organisation had begun far earlier than even that - to a young Drisdale in the infant playground and the first juvenile name calling; to his high school and the first appearance of institutional racism; and in all walks of life, ever after, where he had always had to prove himself above and beyond the capabilities of his white peers, just in order to keep apace.  Drisdale’s subsequent success in his chosen legal career was as much a proof of the virtue of determination and hard work as it was to his natural - and largely dismissed - intelligence and aptitude for the profession.  But it had never been enough.  The thing that had always been missing - strangely the same entity that Garnet Wendelson always felt that he had lacked in his life - was respect.  His dealings with Mr. Wendelson over the years of their professional acquaintanceship had only served to reinforce Drisdale’s sense of social inferiority: on the one hand, he had never been wealthier or in better standing with his contemporaries, on the other hand, by glimpsing the world of privilege that was available to the disabled tycoon, he saw how far he still had to go truly to be able to rub shoulders with the country’s elite on equal terms.  Wendelson himself had always treated him like nothing better than the most junior errand boy, someone who would immediately jump to it upon his master’s summons and, beholden to the older man for both his livelihood and increasingly his reputation, Drisdale had been forced to accept his subservient role.  Those were the days when the idea of Mancala really took shape.  Drisdale had witnessed Garnet Wendelson managing to run a successful and highly profitable company without ever deigning to step foot over the business’s threshold: there seemed no reason - given access to sufficient start-up funds - why he, Leyton Drisdale, should not be able to do something similar.  Of course, those initial funds were the real sticking point, until the fortuitous occurrence of Garnet’s death, that is.  As executor to Garnet’s - undeniably unorthodox - will, Drisdale was to find himself in the uniquely priviliged position of gaining access to the Wendelson billions: of course, Jake Carver was the main beneficiary, but only Drisdale knew precisely what his inheritance would be, and, when the balance sheet reveals billions there is always room for a few tens of millions to vanish from the final reckoning.  To say the rest is history, is to deny the hard graft and ingenuity of the next three years of Drisdale’s life.  Not to mention a previously well-concealed business acumen.  The idea of cornering the world’s most significant coltan reserves was both inspired and financially very profitable, but was not without precedent - the grey sludge of Goma had been a commercial - not to mention actual - battleground for more than two decades; Drisdale’s real genius came in concealing his aggressive moves towards gaining a mineral monopoly beneath the ‘guise of spiritual attainment, which superficially not only served to legitimise his aims but also provided him with a massive free workforce: the pilgrims of Mancala were only too ready to take a turn sifting through the open cast mines of Goma if by doing so they were brought closer to a higher state of enlightenment.  It had all proved almost too easy.  Not that anyone back home would have cared much to protest if his blatant exploitation of another country’s resources had been exposed: the neo-conservatives in the White House and the Project for the New American Century were to the fore; the woolly, old days of eco-this and anti-global-that were long gone.  Now it was a case of every man for himself.  The American Dream was finally being allowed to be realised.  Drisdale’s smile broadened at the recollection.
“What’s the joke, bud?”
Lost in his reverie Leyton Drisdale had almost forgotten his surroundings and his neighbour.  Bud!  Momentarily, he felt a frown disrupt his facial features as an instinctive reaction to the word: it was exactly the kind of disrespect that he had struggled for so long to rise above.  He recovered himself swiftly, replying, “Oh, nothing.  I was just thinking of the last time I was here.”
“Must have been a good memory?”
Helicopter arrival, the sun just dipping beneath the horizon, the last light of day reflecting off the fast-moving blades of the ‘copter; the lake and the mountains, the waters like a dark mirror in the half-light, the lush vegetation on the surrounding volcanoes’ flanks appearing impenetrably black; a crowd of over five hundred thousand expectant, upraised faces, all awaiting his appearance: yes, it was a pretty good memory.  Of course, he had not revealed himself so publicly to his disciples, that New Year’s Eve back in 2010; he had just been another one of the anonymous dignitaries to step from the sleek Sikorsky and take his place in the grandstand, but that was the way he liked to keep it.  Ghiliba would always be the public face of Mancala, but it was Drisdale who paid his wages.
The thought of wages reminded Leyton Drisdale of the potential inconvenience that could be caused to him by the aeroplane’s detour and the divergence from his schedule: as well as wishing to be on hand for the unveiling of Mancala’s greatest visible achievement - and the object of pilgrimage for so many - the newly constructed Tower of Black Power, he was also involved on a vital logistical mission for the company.  Although the thousands of pilgrims had provided a free labour force both for working the coltan mines and for aiding construction of the towering new edifice, there were, nevertheless, plenty of professional engineers employed on site and whom Drisdale had had to offer generous contracts in order to secure their services for working in such a remote corner of Africa.  These men now needed paying and, unwilling to risk depositing large sums of money in any of the volatile local banks, Drisdale had made it his task to bring over the hard currency personally, currently sealed away in a series of small, secure, steel boxes in the aircraft’s hold, arrangements having been pre-organised such that the consignment would be met by staff at Goma Airport and immediately cleared through customs.  Depending on the duration of the aircraft’s current delay it could throw out the smooth running of this plan.  He needed to find out just exactly what was the problem in Goma.
Ignoring Bob Cleeves, Leyton Drisdale unfastened his seat belt and made to stand up.  “Where is someone to ask whenever you want someone?” he muttered to himself.
“Could always try using the Net,” Bob suggested, helpfully, indicating the small computer screen which was located in the top of the armrest of each seat.  “I’ll hook into the CNN travel info. site and see if they have any news on the situation on the ground.”
The plane was making a sharp banking manoeuvre, one wing tilting skywards, the other pointing towards the green of the land below, and Drisdale was forced to cling to the back of the seat in front of him in order to keep his balance.  He bent low in order to look out of the window opposite.  It was clear that the aircraft would soon be coming in to land, Drisdale was just able to see the grey grid of a major city, still some distance below him, before it was replaced by a view of water and then, as the plane righted itself again, of sky and clouds.  Kampala and Lake Victoria.  Drisdale recognised the approach to Entebbe Airport.
“Please, sir.  Would you mind taking your seat.  The seat belt sign is still on.”
Leyton Drisdale turned towards the young male steward who had gently taken hold of his arm at the elbow and was attempting to guide him back towards his seat.  “First, tell me what is the reason for the delay.  It is imperative that I arrive in Goma before nightfall.  Do you understand me?”  
Drisdale’s voice had been authoritative, but the steward knew that he had right on his side - not to mention a 24 watt Taser electronic stun gun hanging back in the galley-area, recently introduced by the airline to quell the growing problem of drunken and air-rage inflicted passengers - and answered in kind. “I must insist that you sit down, sir.  We are starting our descent.  Your questions will all be answered at the airport terminus.”
“The terminus!”  Drisdale exploded.  “We are not even meant to be getting off the plane here.  I demand to see the captain.”
The steward eyed the figure of the tall lawyer, appraisingly.  He had been dying to use the Taser device ever since it had been introduced as standard issue, and had been secretly disappointed that, so far, on all of his flights there had been no instances that had required its implementation, no fights, no uncivil conduct, barely even an argument or a raised voice.  His colleague Kevin had used it three times now, but with his schedule, flying the ‘booze run’ between the East Coast to the Caribbean, there was always going to be more opportunity for a spot of action.  Kevin said that it was great fun - ‘nailed one fat sucker good and proper; stopped him dead in his tracks, you know, went all stiff and jerky; should have seen the look of surprise on his face; pissed his pants right there in the middle of the aisle; you gotta try it, man’.  Now, if this big, black fellow wanted to make any more of this, he might just be able to line up his first, legitimate ‘hit’.  Come on, make my day.  Rules are rules, though.  Regulations state that he must give him once last chance.  “The captain is preparing for landing now, sir, and cannot leave the cabin.  Will you please sit down.”
Realising the futility of continued argument, Drisdale returned to his place next to Bob Cleeves, and rebuckled his belt, without further comment.  He had not achieved so much without the humility to realise that there are certain situations which will always remain outside of your sphere of control, and this was such a circumstance.  There was nothing to do but to sit back and await events.
The airline steward returned to the galley, disappointed.  He fastened his own seat belt, ready for touchdown, at the same time removing the Taser gun from its makeshift holster beside him, and lovingly running his fingers along the length of the slender device.  Unseen by any passengers, he aimed the weapon experimentally through the curtains which separated the crew from their paying guests, looking down the sight on the barrel to where Drisdale now sat, quietly, waiting for the plane to land.  He imagined pulling the trigger.  Next time, big guy.  He would get him next time.

••••••••••

In his recently acquired Upper West Side apartment, advertised - surprisingly accurately given the notorious speciousness of realty-speak - with ‘a view over Strawberry Fields’, Jake Carver was watching the television.  Alone.  He had expected to tune in to watch something which would effectively amount to the passing of a death sentence upon him, and he sat in his chair directly in front of the instrument through which he would hear his fate, in a similar manner and in a similar state of mind to how a convicted killer must feel in court when he is about to hear the decision of the judge.  In contrast to the initial stages of its construction, which had taken place in almost total secrecy, the laying of the final bricks to complete the Tower of Black Power had been witnessed by a global media scrum: everyone likes a winner, and when it appeared that the new tower was destined to grab the accolade of world’s tallest building, no one wanted to miss out on being present at a moment in history.  The complete inauguration ceremony was being broadcast live on Channel 62 and Carver, having a greater vested interest in the proceedings than the majority of his fellow viewers, had settled himself down to watch every minute of it.
How long afterwards, he wondered, would it be before Medea struck, for he was in no doubt, given her impeccable track record, that she would not renege on her contract?  Would he know anything about it?  Would it hurt?  It was not a pleasant topic for speculation.
Carver had turned down the volume on the television to a barely audible level: the commentary that had accompanied the images of the glistening, new black monolith, had been getting on his nerves; an excited loquaciousness of superlatives, the two presenters each attempting to outdo the other in their choice of adjectives and the level of their enthusiasm.  The whole tone seemed inappropriate to the condemned man.
Now, though, something appeared to be different.  The camera still lingered, longingly, upon the massive steel and concrete erection, suggestively roaming up and down its length from the bole to the black tip, but the expressions on the faces of the two anchor people in front of the huge building had altered: where once there had been false glee, now there appeared to be genuine anxiety.  The cameraman, slower than his colleagues to realise that a bigger news story was beginning to unfold behind them, finally turned his apparatus away from the manmade structure and instead focused in on the natural wonders surrounding him.  The peaks of several large volcanoes were just visible through the vistas of streets and buildings, providing a magnificent backdrop to the town centre, and it was towards one of these green mounts that the camera’s lens was now inextricably drawn.  At first it appeared to be just a small puff of white smoke, inoffensive in itself, rising above the crater like a long breath released on a cold morning: no obvious reason for concern there.  It was only when Jake Carver reinstated the sound to the pictures by means of his remote-control, that he heard the deafening roar that had all but drowned out the reporters’ attempts at a continued, professional broadcast.  There was the sound of people screaming and shouting, too, and a scene of chaotic activity, as the crowd which had assembled to witness the inauguration ceremony started to disperse in all directions, running erratically and purposelessly as if unsure of the direction of attack of an invisible adversary.  The cameraman was apparently having difficulty maintaining the balance of his equipment; the picture on the television screen shook first up and down and then from left to right, as though the hold controls had broken inside the set, and it was only when the image panned out on screen, revealing the sight of a deep fissure where previously there had been a new road, that Carver realised that it was not just the cameraman but the whole ground surrounding him that was actually moving and contorting.  Overhead the sky had suddenly gone very dark and, as the camera switched back to the distant volcano, the reason for the sudden blackout became apparent.  The delicate plume of white vapour which had heralded the current eruption had rapidly transformed into a great, billowing cloud of dense, black smoke, which both spiralled up into the air above the volcanic peak and also streamed down the sides of the mountain, engulfing the trees and vegetation in a thick blanket of choking dust and ash.  Carver was surprised not to see bright flames shooting out from the summit of the dark crater: he had always imagined a volcanic eruption to be a colourful event; rivers of orange, molten lava and the sky alive with fire and light.  The actuality was more akin to a solar eclipse; it appeared as if an early nightfall had occurred in central Africa as, first the sun, and then the clouds and sky, were blotted out by the burgeoning body of smoke.  The cameraman was forced to wipe his lens continually as the glass became covered by a fine patina of black soot and which, hot and sticky, he only succeeded in smearing across the surface of the lens, further obscuring the details of the scene beyond.  The need for personal safety had finally superseded professional integrity on the part of the two journalists, neither of whom continued to appear within camera-shot, and it was clear, through the continued jerky nature of the images being broadcast, that the cameraman himself was torn between running for his life or winning a Pulitzer Prize.  Ambition apparently won through because he manfully stood his ground in the face of explosive Nature, a feat as idiotically suicidal as it was undoubtedly brave.
The pyroclastic flow of molten debris was advancing at a rate terrifying even to the TV observer, increasingly filling the screen as it swept ever closer, advancing so purposefully along the line of the long vista between the Tower of Black Power and a neighbouring building that it felt as though the tumbling cloud would spew directly out of the television screen.  More and larger pieces of debris were falling out of the sky now, some flung out of the crater’s depths as the volcano dug deeper to belch out the increasingly graphic contents of its raging, subterranean stomach, like a chronic indigestion sufferer struggling to control a churning gut; other items were showering down from the Tower of Black Power itself, as the series of small earthquakes which had accompanied the eruption had evidently resulted in sufficient structural damage to cause the new tower to tremble.  It looked almost as though Nature had taken one look at the massed crowds that had assembled to witness the inauguration of the new building and had decided to demonstrate that all humble Man may build, she has the power to tear asunder.  Or perhaps it was not just Carver who could be accused of suffering from penis envy: Nature is not a mistress it is wise to make jealous.
The building, though, stood firm.  Carver watched, with bated breath, anxious to see if the whole massive edifice would come tumbling down; his attention more focussed on the vulnerability of bricks and mortar than the susceptibility of flesh and bones in the face of the onrushing torrent.  In the distance the volcano bellowed fresh annoyance.  Like Godzilla confronting King Kong in a Japanese manga film, the two colossuses squared up to one another, the battle lines now fairly drawn: the battle for dominance was not yet over.
Chapter Thirty-Nine

The baggage carousel at Entebbe Airport had limped around on three slow, reverberating cycles and had now ground to a complete halt.  Leyton Drisdale cursed loudly and kicked the metal baggage trolley beside him, sending it wheeling off in an erratic arc across the tiled and polished floor of the reclaim lounge.
“Must be some sort of problem,” observed Bob Cleeves, unnecessarily.
The past two hours had been nothing but a series of problems for the impatient lawyer.  First there had been the news of the - still as yet unspecified - hitch in Goma which had resulted in the current diversion of their flight, then there had been the announcement that all passengers would be required to overnight in Kampala - at the airline’s expense, but nevertheless an inconvenience - and finally, Drisdale had ascertained that his precious cargo, which should have been met and cleared through a special security channel at the airport was to be lumped in with all the other travellers’ luggage and that he would “have to be responsible for collecting it” himself.  Twelve steel suitcases, containing a total of six million dollars: it was not the sort of property with which he wished to troll through the streets of the Ugandan capital city.  And still no clear idea what was the hold-up in Congo, it could be almost anything - civil unrest, epidemic, simple incompetence - the list of possibilities was inexhaustible.  It was all so maddening.  The impotent baggage carousel was the final straw.  Bob Cleeves’ continued good humour and endless supply of airport anecdotes were not helping matters either.
“I was on a flight to Heathrow once, arrived in the middle of a baggage handlers’ dispute.  We were stuck in the terminus building practically all night waiting for our luggage to come off the plane.  Think it was the management of the airport who finally found it.  Quite funny seeing all these smart suits carrying out all these cases.  Met Will Self there, you know, the writer.  He was stuck too.  Didn’t seem to mind.  Quite a nice bloke, surprisingly enough.”
“How is this helping?”  asked Leyton Drisdale.
“No, nothing.  I was just saying.”
“Well please don’t.”
“Just passing the time.”
Drisdale paced back and forth, talking to himself, “Will you just hurry up.”  He stared accusingly at the curtain of dangling strips of rubber that marked the point of entry for baggage onto the revolving wheel, trying to look into the dismal void beyond, attempting to perceive the mysteries of this conduit which linked the unreal existence on board the plane and the terra firma reality of the terminus building.  It was like a gateway into a different dimension.  Others of his fellow passengers encircled the silent carousel, each vying with one another for the optimum position in order to be able to secure their own belongings in the swiftest possible time; not allowing someone else the opportunity of purloining their luggage, either mistakenly or by design.  Everyone shared a similar look, not that of the happy voyager, travelling hopefully, but the downcast dejection which accompanies inevitable delay and the wayward hair, dry skin, bleary eyed dishevelment of the jet lagged long hauler.  There was a nervy atmosphere of anticipation at the prospect of the baggage reunion to come, and a communal feeling of paranoia as everyone experienced the anxiety that theirs would be the suitcase that had been left behind, or re-routed via Ulan Bator, and that they would be left alone, deserted by their fellow travelling kin, to face the bureaucratic maze of lost luggage forms unaided, from that time onwards, forever to be tarnished, in this new land, by the embarrassing stigma of initial rejection.
The sudden clunk and whirr of the mechanical revolving belt made the encroaching group of travellers all take one step backwards, and the carousel began another slow and fruitless circuit, as still no bounty emerged from the presumably labyrinthine depths behind the rubber curtain.  One hundred pairs of eyes watched the same dusty and half-open suitcase - a piece of unclaimed jetsam from a previous day’s flight - take another turn in the spotlight, each sharing its humiliation: the least loved dish of the day.  And then, just when it seemed as though the status quo would last forever, and resignation had replaced despair, the scene switched to one of frenzied activity.  Unseen hands were energetically thrusting a ragtag collection of holdalls and rucksacks, boxes and collapsed pushchairs, suitcases and trunks, through the dark portal, to be fallen upon with equal enthusiasm by the waiting passengers beyond.  Camaraderie that had developed during the period of waiting was suddenly all forgotten as, one by one, passenger was reintroduced to baggage, and the fortunate pairing, smug and relieved, wheeled away from the scene of their former comrades’ continued anxiety: they had moved on; there was no going back.
Drisdale, attempting to retain a degree of dignity, located himself a generous distance back from the feeding frenzy which was occurring immediately beside the rubber barrier, and watched attentively for his own suitcases to make their slow progress towards him, like a mother duck keeping an eye on her brood on their first trip on the river.  It was fortunate that his luggage was so distinctive, the squat - almost cube-shaped - glistening metal, silver strongboxes were hardly likely to be picked up innocently by someone else mistaking them for their own belongings.  Patience.  Here they came now.
Looking like exotic alien artifacts amidst the canvas and leather bags, the line of steel containers advanced slowly along the conveyor belt and, as they drew level with him, one by one, Drisdale picked up the weighty boxes and piled them up, neatly - as was his nature - on the luggage trolley beside him.  Six, seven, another one there, eight.  Nine, ten.
“Got everything?”  It was Bob Cleeves again, smiling the smile of the reunited, proudly displaying his own, solitary suitcase.
“Almost.”  Eleven.  Drisdale turned back to the carousel to gather up his penultimate case.  The airport building was not air-conditioned and felt hot and sticky, and Drisdale’s voice was breathless with his exertion.  “One more to go.”
“I’ll be seeing you then,” said Bob Cleeves, callously, unwilling to wait around now that he had his own suitcase.
Leyton Drisdale waved the other man away, watching him momentarily until he disappeared behind the screen which separated the baggage reclaim lounge from customs and passport control, and the real world beyond.
One more to go.  

••••••••••

Even amongst the strange and assorted variety of humanity who lurked in the parallel universe on the far side of the baggage carousel rubber curtain, Martin Meek cut an unusual figure.  Always someone who would have been described as tall and gangly of frame, his body now appeared to have grown even more angular and bony since the start of his period of employment in the airport’s darker recesses and, with his wide-apart, slightly starey eyes looking like a cave-dwelling salamader’s blind, white optics, and the perpetual - and increasingly grubby - bandage, that he wore around his head, now more as a makeshift bandana to contain his greasy and unkempt hair than any longer as a serviceable dressing of wounds sustained in conflict, he looked like the sort of character that any sane-thinking person would cross the road to avoid walking alongside.  That he also slept at the airport, few doubted.  More disturbing, even than his appearance, was the non-stop monologue that he maintained, regardless or not of whether he was blessed, at any given time, with an audience.  Most of his fellow workers had learned to ignore their most recent colleague’s continual chatter, although the few that troubled to listen would testify that his words carried a certain resonance and dignity, and that the man himself was not without charisma.
“Like he’s rehearsing giving a speech,” one colleague had said.
“Lalu.  Omulalu*,” explained another.
None of his baggage handling brethren, though, irrespective of their private opinions regarding his sanity, could complain about Martin’s capacity for hard work.  Since his arrival into the catacomb world of the staff-only service passages and private, by special clearance ante-chambers, which both mirrored and surrounded the public-access areas of the main airport terminal building, a realm invisible to the vast majority of the travelling clientele, Martin had set about his appointed role with alacrity.  Even when he had first arrived, looking like a war victim fresh from the battlefield, dark blood still congealed on his forehead and matted into his hair, his recent close proximity to a high-speed bullet only too apparent by the scars on his facial features, its passage of flight marked by a wide, dark groove which started at the corner of his face where his left eyebrow stopped and then furrowed across the surface of the side of his head, the missing top of his left ear revealing the pellet’s eventual point of farewell; when he had been anaemic through loss of blood, and gibbering with shock, he had still impressed with the gusto with which he had been prepared to carry out his paid employment.  How, precisely, he had arrived at the airport, no one was certain.  Where he had come from, no one knew.  That he had been treated - fairly inadequately - in a hospital at some point for his head wound appeared likely, given the evidence of the skewed bandage, but the man himself was not one to offer a confidence.  Some mysteries would remain forever, and better for the world that they always should.  What place in a world for religion, if every fact were known for certain?
It had been Martin who had supervised the transportation of the set of silver suitcases from the hold of the Boeing jet to the storage facility in the airport terminus and who had, single-handedly, propelled the first eleven cases into the public domain of the baggage reclaim suite.  It was only as he was poised - in textbook-perfect baggage handling stance: legs bent, back straight, feet apart - to dispatch the final box through to join its steel kin, that he noticed the name printed in block capitals on the label on the case’s metallic side: Leyton Drisdale, New York.  Martin did not know why but the name sounded familiar to him: a distant echo from a past existence.  Martin had retained no clear memory of his life before his arrival at Entebbe Airport, but the name on the case stirred a primitive response within him; a feeling of déjà vu, that both excited and also scared him.  There was something liberating about being a man with no past: this unexpected bridge that was suddenly providing him with a possible link back to a previous life was not necessarily a progression.  Should he go, or should he stay?
Curiosity is a powerful emotion.  Whether it killed the cat or not, it is a strong person indeed who can resist its irresistible pull, and it was Curiosity’s magnetic draw that now brought Martin, blinking and apprehensive, to the edge of the screen which divided his protected sanctuary from the harsh world beyond, to take a rare glimpse of the room beyond the rubber curtain.  There was only one man left standing at the edge of the baggage carousel; the travelling hordes all now departed, happily clasping their possessions, ready to tackle the next hurdle on the obstacle course through airport customs.  Martin did not instantly remember the solitary, smartly-suited, black man but, in the same way that the name on the case had provoked a small, electronic spark of recognition in his brain, so too did the figure before him: it was just that the details were all so hazy.  He could not recall if the man was a friend; if he was an enemy: all that Martin knew was that in some way this person was linked to a past that had somehow become lost to him.  Martin watched as the tall stranger paced back and forth, occasionally casting angry glances towards the dormant portal through which he clearly anticipated the imminent arrival of his final case, and from the obscurity of which Martin was able to observe him, unseen.  The man looked at his watch, agitated, before aiming a frustrated kick at the revolving mechanism of the carousel.  If this was Martin’s past, it did not appear to be a good moment to renew acquaintance.  The subject of Martin’s scrutiny cursed loudly and threw his arms up in the air in exasperation, and then Martin watched in fixed horror as the man, obviously fed up of waiting and having resolved to do something about it, advanced purposefully towards his own hiding place, apparently with the intention of scaling the short slope down which the baggage slides when it first reaches the carousel, and even of penetrating the sanctum beyond.  Martin took a pace backwards as first an unauthorised head and shoulders invaded his troglodyte kingdom, and then the whole man scrambled, ungainly, through the curtain of rubber strips and into the room beyond.  Recognition was instantaneous: Drisdale need not have spoken, the look of open-mouthed bewilderment on his face was expression enough.
“You!”
Martin took a further step backwards, still clasping the solitary silver suitcase in his hand.
“You?  Here?  Meek!”
Meek.  Of course.  Martin Meek.  The name acted like a boiled sweet during takeoff: Martin felt a sudden rush of memories fill his brain with a pop.
Interlude

Aviophobia* is a common phenomenon affecting as many as one in seven people.  That means, that if you just considered the population of the central Boston metropolitan area alone, you would immediately find almost 100,000 individuals scared witless of ever getting on board an aircraft.  And who can blame them?  I do not consider these people to have a psychological problem, as some of my distinguished colleagues would claim, indeed, I would argue the very opposite case, that aviophobia is not an irrational aversion as is the dictionary definition, but is in fact a healthy, automatic, human self-protection response in the presence of a perceived and genuine threat to life.
Leaving aside the well documented instances of infectious diseases being rapidly transmitted from country to country by the agency of the ubiquitous plane, these are now so commonplace as almost to be regarded as a habitual risk of travel, and the names - SARS, Ebola, RIXS-2 - no longer evoke the same terror that they once did, but consider, if you will, just the terminology of the airport buildings, and you will see that any would-be traveller of the skies, has a perfect right to feel afraid.  Terminal building: it is not a name to inspire hope.  Departure lounge: a euphemism for the great hereafter?  Do not tell me that it is only me that sees the implication.

(Transcript of part of a speech given by Dr. Ralph Dogra at a recent colloquium held in Boston entitled The Aircraft as an Agent for the Spread of Infectious Diseases.)
Chapter Forty

The valiant TV cameraman had long since succumbed to the combined assailants of choking white smoke and steaming, red-hot lava but, nevertheless, the media moguls had still maintained a seamless coverage of the explosive events occurring in Central Africa to their network of enthralled armchair thrill-seekers by the rapid deployment of a team of helicopter-bound picture-takers, who were succeeding in conveying the continued battle of Man against Nature where their colleague on the ground had been forced to give up.  The ‘copters buzzed and fizzed around the massive skyscraper like flies around a putrefying corpse.  From the air it was only too obvious that there could only be one winner in the contest for supremacy: the steady, unhurried progression of the moving wall of black magma down the volcano’s slope, through the outskirts of the town, obliterating everything with which it came in contact, rolling onwards, unswervingly, towards its ultimate confrontation with the skyward-reaching tower, signalling a massive intent of destruction.  It was not a question of if, merely a question of when.
To its credit, the Tower of Black Power stood up nobly in the face of such a powerful adversary, concrete embodiment of the sweat and belief of the many thousands of men who had laboured to build it as a symbol of a life denied: now a life never to be.  Like their dreams, everything would soon be reduced to ash.  Reports were coming in that a major Hollywood celebrity had been killed during the course of the eruption, but these remained unconfirmed, despite increasingly sensationalist speculation and wide-eyed, frantic reporting.
Having cancelled all other engagements that he had had for that day, when it became apparent that the drama unfolding in Goma was going to be both prolonged and of paramount importance to him, Jake Carver finally felt that he could relax.  He had been glued to the television screen almost continuously since the first sign that a volcanic eruption was taking place and he wasn’t going to miss the grand finale when the great blanket of advancing hot magma must inevitably bring the building, which by its very standing represented a death sentence for him, tumbling down.
The helicopters had departed from their vantage point directly above the stricken city streets as the amount of airborne debris increased, although their onboard cameras’ superior zooms successfully shortened the distance, disguising the scale of the retreat.  Rocks the size of cars were propelled from the crater’s depths into the air, looking miniscule in the scale of the overall explosion; hot boulders sizzled, like coals on a barbecue, as they landed in the lake, leaving only a trail of steam behind them.  The heat was palpable.  Carver imagined the sides of the TV set melting, collapsing inwards, the picture disintegrating, folding up like paper in a furnace.  There was sweat on his own brow, partly as a result of the hours of tension he had suffered; partly in response to the images he was witnessing.  He could really do with a cool beer.  It was a privileged, bourgeois response in the face of tragedy one - or more - removed, but hey! he had never professed to be a new Bob Geldolf.  There was a Coors in the chilled compartment with his name on it, if only he could peel himself away from the gruesomely captivating images.  It was the doorbell that decided him.  An hour ago and he would have cursed and ignored the urgent peel; now he would answer it on the way back from the kitchen.  Kill two birds with one stone, as it were.
The beer was precisely where he remembered it was, and he felt the icy coolness of the glass bottle with anticipated pleasure; droplets of water running down the side of the glass in imitation of the sweat which continued to course from his own forehead and down the side of his nose.  He flipped off the bottle’s cap on a wall-mounted opener, and left the little metal crown where it fell, rocking, like a top, on the linoleum floor.  The door buzzer sounded again.  It would be his secretary - most likely - something that couldn’t wait at the office: perhaps it had been a mistake to buy an apartment quite so accessible to his place of work.
Carver took a long swig of the cold beer, and opened the front door.  The woman standing in the corridor was not familiar to him.  Carver’s first reaction was one of surprise as to why the doorman had permitted her entry at all: she did not look the type of person typically to frequent such an exclusive zip code.  Her hair was short and spiky and the kind of blonde that only comes out of a tin, and there was a hardness in her eyes, the look of someone who has been sleeping rough for a long period or someone desensitised to emotion.  She had a smear of something that resembled white lard drooling from the corner of her mouth too: altogether unappetising.  Carver’s first reaction was to remain his last reaction too: he never saw the gun that she held; couldn’t even have been able to testify, in the millisecond that he might have had to register the fact, that the bullet even hurt, or that he felt it at all, in fact; he didn’t hear the beer bottle smash as it fell on the floor; he didn’t see the stain of red blood slowly soaking deeper into the thick pile of his newly laid white carpet; and he wasn’t aware that his woman caller had stepped over his body in order to enter his apartment and turn off the television set, or that at the very moment that the bright pixels on the screen turned to black, the vestigial image was that of the Tower of Black Power finally crumbling in on itself.

••••••••••

The sight of two men running across an airport runway would not normally have elicited great interest, any number of emergencies can spring up unexpectedly during the course of a busy day at the airport that would necessitate such an eventuality: security alerts; general maintenance of distance markers; sometimes taxiway cleaning to remove vestiges of rubber from the runway; checks on wind and weather monitoring equipment; even the removal of straying animals and off-limit birds.  What appeared different, though, about the current two trespassers was the slightly incongruous clothing they were wearing, revealing them not to be authorised runway personnel, and also the rather comical nature - viewed as it was from some considerable distance by an interested crowd of onlookers who had gathered at the airport spectator gantry - of what appeared to be a chase between the two men.
The lead figure, willowy of frame and clearly impeded by what appeared to be a heavy, silver case that he carried clasped firmly to his chest, was nevertheless covering the tarmac at a not inconsiderable pace, but was obviously being slowly but surely overhauled by his pursuer, a tall, black man in a dark suit, who was seen to be shouting and gesticulating violently as he ran.  That the case-carrier would be caught seemed to be little in doubt unless he was prepared to drop his heavy booty, but this, equally apparently, he seemed unwilling to do.
Why Martin felt such a compulsion to hang on to Drisdale’s suitcase, the man himself would not have been able to give an entirely satisfactory answer, beyond the fact of being in the grip of a primitive instinct that told him that something which was clearly of so much value to someone else was not something to be parted from lightly.  What had initiated the current chase had been a heated confrontation between the two men in the baggage storage area; the reunion of Garnet Wendelson’s principal servants had not been an amicable one.
Still Martin had been having difficulty trying to reconcile his restored memories and in the interim had reverted to the officious worker: “You are not allowed in here.  Passengers must remain in the baggage reclaim lounge.”
“Give me my bag,” Drisdale had stormed, lunging forward in an attempt to regain his rightful property.
Martin had taken a step backwards, stumbling over the metal prongs of a forklift truck as he had done so.  His fellow workers had all vacated the storage area: the baggage successfully dispatched, their job was done until the next flight landed.  Devoid of allies, and startled by Drisdale’s aggressive tone, Martin had regressed to mumbling the speech that he had planned to give at the Mancala rally until Medea’s bullet had so rudely interrupted his oration.  Barely audible, the words had spilled into one long, unpunctuated sentence.  “And it is Higher We who follows the path of truth and who will dispose the false prophet Ghiliba open your eyes and do not be deceived by hollow promises and...”
“Ghiliba!  What do you know of Ghiliba?”  The mention of the familiar name had temporarily halted Drisdale’s pursuit of his luggage.
“Look up to the skies see the beauty flying above you the sleek silver wings the elegant lines watch the streams of vapour...”
Drisdale had been standing over Martin and, bending down, had lifted him bodily from where he had tumbled.  “I am Ghiliba,” Drisdale had raged, shaking Martin’s limp body.  “I created him.  I created everything.”
The manhandling had knocked some lucidity back into Martin, and the word ‘Ghiliba’ had begun to register as something more than an automatically learned cue.  He had broken himself free of Drisdale’s grip.  “No.  I met Ghiliba.  He was a giant man, in a flowing robe.  He said that he was a prophet.”
Drisdale had smiled, amused by Martin’s display of naivety; delighted by the success of his business strategy.  “There were a hundred Ghilibas.  All in my pay.  They were my agents, nothing more, nothing less.  A giant in robes?  Arab features, perhaps?  It sounds as though you must have met Digby Hussain.  A good company man.  He was given responsibility for the coastal area of south west Africa, as I recall.  Brought in a lot of... what should I call them?  Pilgrims?  Recruits.”  Drisdale had shook his head, slowly.  “A sad loss.”
“What do you mean?” Martin had asked.
“Oh, he died.  A couple of weeks back, I heard about it.  He had bought a villa somewhere on the Florida coast with the wages I paid him, if I remember correctly.  Drugs overdose it was; ended up floating face down in his own swimming pool.  I guess it is what he would have wanted.  He always wanted a taste of the high life.”
“But he seemed so...”
“Committed?”
“Yes.”
“As I say, he was good at his job.”
Martin had thought back to the prophetic words of his own divination.  “So he was the false prophet,” he had said quietly to himself.
Drisdale had heard Martin, replying, “Same description could be said about me.  About you, too, I think.”
The accusation had stung Martin harder than he could have imagined: in many ways it was not the words themselves that were so wounding, more the sudden realisation of how he had been so long duped.  “No,” he had shouted: he would not allow his own faith to be labelled together with the artificially manufactured religion of Mancala.  As well as his integrity, Martin still had possession of the solid, silver case.  At the same time that he had voiced his words of denial, he had thrust the container violently towards Drisdale, causing that man in turn to stumble and fall awkwardly, and had then taken off, at top speed, racing around the obstacle course of wooden pallets and temporary shelving which furnished the baggage storage area, still grimly clasping his opponent’s suitcase, determined to reach the doorway which gained access to the airport runway and the objects of his own veneration, his beloved passenger jets.  There he was sure that he would find both solace and sanctuary.  His faith would not desert him in his hour of need.
And so it was that the two men had found themselves in close pursuit across the wide open spaces of the main runway of Entebbe Airport.  It was early evening, but still very light, and the tropical heat and sticky humidity of the day appeared as though it was going to be translated into an equally sweltering and uncomfortably close night.  Martin was gasping in great lungfulls of air from exertion in the high temperature and, where the metallic case was pressed tight against his chest, he could feel great pools of sweat adhering his shirt to his torso.  Drisdale looked no less flustered: his suit was not ideally suited to the outside conditions; he would have been far more at home in the air conditioned comfort of a smart hotel suite, which is precisely where he would have been now, had it not been for this unexpected detour from his closely planned schedule.
“Give me that case,” Drisdale shouted as he ran.  “I’m going to kill you when I catch you.”
Martin glanced behind him, little doubting the veracity of his pursuer’s words: Drisdale’s face was twisted into a grotesque mask of exhaustion and vengeful hatred.  The lawyer’s anger, though, was clearly the stronger driving force since, in his desire to reap revenge on the fleeing baggage handler, he appeared to have discovered a renewed turn of speed, and it was obvious that Martin would soon be overtaken.  Like a cornered deer, Martin momentarily froze, looking wildly around him, desperate for some means of escape.  Some distance ahead of him still, parked - contrary to airport regulations he noted - was one of the electric-propelled cars which pulled the long, flat trailers which were used for loading and unloading luggage between the aircraft and the terminus building.  If only he could reach that car, he could make a graceful exit, leaving his would-be assailant standing helpless on the runway - the keys were always left in the ignition of these service vehicles, he knew, so that authorised personnel could use them at any time.  Martin mentally judged the distance between him and his means of escape and between him and his dark-suited Nemesis.  The math* did not add up.  He had one of two options: either drop the precious case and, unburdened, escape on the electric car, or stand his ground and slug it out, here and now, with the bigger, stronger, angrier man.  Martin dropped the case and ran.
Drisdale had already noticed the luggage transporter parked ahead, and second-guessing Martin’s intentions had already altered the course of his pursuit such that he would have been able to cut off his adversary long before he ever reached the electric car.  Now though, seeing his twelfth, and final, suitcase lying abandoned on the hot tarmac of the runway, and knowing the value of its contents, Drisdale changed his plan again: the sensible businessman replacing the vengeful action man.  He could always have Martin Meek dealt with at a later date, and by someone better equipped for the job than he was himself, now it was important just to recover his property, and get on with the job in hand.  Drisdale slowed his pace to a dignified walk: there was no need to run now, the idiot Meek was not going to be returning in a hurry.  He extracted a neatly folded, white linen handkerchief - monogrammed, should anyone on the viewing gantry have had sufficiently powerful binoculars to have been able to see it - from his trouser pocket and wiped the sweat from his brow, shaking the cloth before returning it from where it came.  He tugged at the ends of his jacket sleeves, trying to straighten out the material: he detested looking scruffy.  There was a small stain on the knee of his left trouser leg where he had fallen over in the baggage store: it was a nuisance, but there was nothing he could do about it.  He continued walking towards the deserted case, which looked like a package suspected of containing an explosive device, alone and friendless, given a wide berth by friend and foe alike.  Drisdale, alone, was the only man bold enough to approach.  The mental conversations were going on in his head: stand back everyone, this is a job for Leyton Drisdale.  He was beside the suitcase now: it had a large dent in one corner where it had been discarded so summarily to the unyielding embrace of the hard runway surface, but otherwise it was intact: the locks were not damaged, which was the crucial thing; that madman Meek had evidently not been able to prize it open, if that had been his intention.  Drisdale glanced up, to observe the progress of the object of his contempt: the lanky man had retreated as far as the squat, electric buggy but then, rather than driving off to put himself beyond retribution’s reach, he had stopped beside the vehicle, and was now waving and signalling in Drisdale’s direction, in a manner which could only be described as eccentric.  The man was clearly deranged: Drisdale continued to watch, mystified, as Martin hopped up and down like a man possessed, occasionally stopping this activity in order to cup his hands to his mouth, evidently trying to shout something to Drisdale, although the words themselves were lost in all the surrounding noise.  Now he was pointing wildly: what was the man’s problem?  Was he still attempting to provoke Drisdale even now?
It was only at the very last second, when greater than his puzzlement at Martin’s continued bizarre behaviour became his rational querying for the reason behind the sudden, deafening decibel levels, that Drisdale looked up in the direction indicated by Martin’s pointed finger, and saw the incoming Air France 737 from Paris via Abidjan, undercarriage lowered, ready to land.
Bent double, holding his head in his hands, himself almost deafened by his close proximity to the approaching ‘plane’s massive jet engines, Martin mouthed a silent prayer to the God of the Higher We.
When Martin next looked up, of Drisdale there was not the smallest trace.  One strange spectacle though was the apparent sight of a shower of dollar bills from the skies: Drisdale’s silver case had been spilled open by the impact of the incoming aircraft and its contents blown up into the air by the powerful trailing currents.  Stranger still than the sight of money from the heavens was the sudden appearance of a ragtag bunch of humanoid forms seeping out of every conceivable nook and cranny of the airport terminus building, emerging from their hiding places like rats from their holes, spilling onto the runway like a shadowy heat haze, the mass of bodies keeping low to the ground such that they were barely discernible from their immediate surroundings.  The Entebbe Terminal Baggers were seizing their moment: such rich Offerings from the Spinning Altar were a prize worth risking their concealment for.  In rapid time, the last bank note had been plucked from the skies, and the underground army of scavengers had returned from whence they had emerged.

••••••••••
    
The fire danced and flickered in sympathetic rhythm to the music, little sparks of blazing ash breaking off from the main conflagration and spiralling upwards, eventually disappearing in the gloom of the cloudy, night sky.  The music was provided by a portable CD player; a hypnotically repetitive, acid drum beat, to the sound of which a strangely attired group of about twenty individuals danced and chanted.  The Terminal Baggers were enjoying an outdoor festival of celebration on a little used section of the airfield, and were showing their gratitude to the almighty provider.
With echoes of a tribal ritual, the men and women, some dressed in loose clothes, others practically naked, their skin painted in a variety of garish hues, circled the raging fire endlessly, sometimes bending low towards the earth, sometimes reaching up towards the heavens, each exhibiting their own ecstasy in their own personal way.  
In the centre of the circle of dancing humanity, standing so close to the fire such that the flames played at his limbs, looking almost like a saint waiting patiently on a pyre, stood Martin Meek, the grubby bandage still wrapped around his head, his eyes firmly closed, listening to the multitude of happy voices.  This was where he belonged.  This was his prophecy fulfilled.  Here he was the God of the Unseen.
He opened his arms wide to accept the adoration.
End Notes

1.  11th September 2001
2.  Arnold Metz, the mime artist.
3.  Battery Park, the southern tip of Manhattan.
4.  Fear of high places.
5.  Fear of looking up at high places.
6.  Fear of high objects.
7.  A classic example of a poem written during Davies’ Wallpaper period, so called, because the early lines of verse are typically short, like experimental brush strokes, the later lines expansive, as though to cover the whole available white space.
8.  The internal, spiral gallery of the Guggenheim Museum.
9.  A play on words on the surname of the architect of the Guggenheim Museum, Frank Lloyd Wright.
10. A phrase Wright coined to describe a perfect American egalitarian state.
11. A reference to Ms. Davies and her companion Monotone.  Garnet’s carer is conspicuously overlooked.
12. A term of endearment for Garnet Wendelson.
13. A visionary skyscraper, proposed by Frank Lloyd Wright to be built in Chicago, which, if it had ever been constructed, at 528 floors and 1730 metres, would have surpassed the height of all competition both then and ever since.
14. Opponent is the Terminal Baggers’ term for a member of airport security.
15. Luggage.
16. Baggage carousel.
17. Hand luggage.
18. Renounced their faith in the Terminal Baggers.
19. Generally used to mean hard currency, but a catchall term to include any possessions not originating from the baggage carousel.
20. Baggage handlers.
21. For the record, Shakra - real name Samantha Tennent - was sentenced to two years imprisonment for theft the following month and the whole Terminal Baggers’ network at Stansted was disbanded when an improved video-surveillance system was introduced at the airport.
22. Our lawyers have asked us to point out that the Safe Skies Co-operative are not recognised health practitioners, and as such, the advice that they advocate should only be followed at the passengers' own risk.
23. Wendelson was actually a billionaire by this stage, but the alliterative inaccuracy was favoured by the journalist.
24. The most complete surviving version of the original Epic is derived from twelve stone tablets, discovered among the ruins of the great library in Nineveh, after it had been destroyed by the Persians in 612 BC.
25. A prize exhibit within the Mosque was a display of 605 pages of the Koran written over the course of several years using 37 pints of Saddam’s own blood.
26. The Buddy was the name of the first magazine devoted to Korean homosexual life and culture, publishing its first issue in March 1998.  Subsequently, the term ‘Buddy’ was adopted as a semi-derogatory slang word for any male homosexual in both Koreas.
27. The Cape of Good Hope was originally named by the Portuguese navigator Bartolomeu Dias in 1488 who called it Cabo Tormentoso  - the Cape of Storms.  It was later renamed Cabo da Bõa Esperança - Cape of Good Hope - by John II of Portugal.
28. Agulhas is a Portuguese word meaning ‘needles’.  It was said that the needle on a compass placed at Cape Agulhas would point directly north.
29. Mancala is a game similar to backgammon, played on a rectangular board with two rows of six hollows.  At the start of a game, into each hollow are placed four counters.  Moves are then made by taking all of the counters from one hollow and then dropping them one by one in consecutive hollows in a counterclockwise direction.  A player scores by capturing counters.
30. The aptly named St. Martin of Tours is venerated as the patron saint of innkeepers, grape growers, and protector of all drinkers.
31. Time And Relative Dimensions In Space.  The Tardis was the name given to the machine in which Dr Who travelled in the famous BBC TV series, which ran from 1963 to 1989.
32. The Caprivi Strip is a long, fertile panhandle of land, in the northeast corner of Namibia where that country borders Angola, Zambia, Zimbabwe and Botswana.  It was named after the German chancellor Leo Graf von Caprivi, who was ceded the territory by the British.
33. Formerly Zaire; previously Belgian Congo.  The name of the country was changed to the Democratic Republic of Congo by Laurent Kibala when he overthrew the then leader Joseph Mobutu in 1997.
34. If former Soviet republics had been allowed in this game it would have permitted the inclusion of Kazakhstan, Tadzhikistan, Azerbaijan and under some spellings Kyrgyzstan.
35. The circumference of the earth at the equator is 24,901.55 miles.
36. A reference to the heavyweight boxing contest held in Kinshasa, Zaire on 30th October 1974 between Muhammad Ali and George Foreman.
37. Also Kabul (Afghanistan); Kampala (Uganda); Kingston (Jamaica); Kuwait City (Kuwait); Kuala Lumpur (Malaysia); Kathmandu (Nepal); Koror (Palau); Kingstown (St. Vincent & Grenadines); Kigali (Rwanda); Khartoum (Sudan); Kiev (Ukraine).
38. World trade organisation.
39. A group represented by the leaders of the USA, UK, France, Germany, Russia, Italy, Japan and Canada.
40. Master Sergeant.
41. Le Syndrome d'immunodéficience acquise.  AIDS.
42. The okapi, a large ungulate and forest-dwelling relative of the giraffe, was first discovered in the Ituri Forest in 1901, and remains one of the most recently discovered ‘large’ animals.  Reports of creatures originating from a pre-historic time also abound in this region, although their continued existence remains unproved.
43. New York Stock Exchange.
44. Approximately translated from Luganda to mean “as batty as a flying squirrel.”
45. Fear of flying, also known as aerophobia.
46. Despite his English origins, this seemed more a ‘math’ than a ‘mathematics’ type situation to Martin.
