Filthy Night

by William Zanzinger

Copyright 2011 William Zanzinger 

Smashwords Edition

http://www.williamzanzinger.com/

The moral right of the author is asserted.

Smashwords Edition, License Notes
This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This ebook may not be resold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. If you’re reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, please return to Smashwords.com and purchase your own copy. Thankyou for respecting the work of this author.

All rights reserved. No part of this text may be reproduced, transmitted, downloaded, reverse engineered, or stored in or introduced into any information storage and retrieval system, in any form or by any means whether electrical or mechanical, now known or hereafter invented, without the express written permission of williamzanzinger.com.

Cover photograph Copyright Sam Cornwell. Reproduced under license.

Table of Contents
Filthy Night
Also by William Zanzinger
Contact the author

By the same author:

Death of a Messenger





FILTHY NIGHT

St Cloud said, ‘Come on Bonnie, it’ll be good for you.’
She sat on the chair, knees drawn in below her chin, her hands clasped tight across her legs.
‘You’re only saying that. You just want to get rid of me.’
‘That’s not fair. I’m working, anyway.’
Her eyebrows flicked upwards. ‘Do you mean that Paul Brightland thing?’
‘Yes, I mean that Paul Brightland thing.’
‘That’s not work.’ She rubbed red-rimmed eyes with the heels of her hands.
‘It’s all I have at the moment.’
She said, a little hysterically, ‘Yes, but it’s not work. He doesn’t want to give you a job. He just thinks he does. He likes the idea of having someone like you at his beck and call. Does he even know what you do?’
 St Cloud looked out of the window. What was left of the afternoon was wedged hard between the earth and a pencil-grey sky. The long blue autumn had died in its sleep, and this florid mob of clouds had come for the funeral. A tinny beat on the glass heralded the first cold drops of winter rain. He said:
‘He’s had some trouble. I don’t know what exactly. Something about not being protected.’
‘Then he needs a bodyguard.’
 St Cloud thought of sentences – you look pretty with my shirt on; you’ll get cold if you don’t get dressed properly; one of us has to work; – but he imagined more tears at the end of all of them. So he flicked the kettle on, waited for its thick chug to drive down the rattle of the raindrops, and placed a sugary tea on the table in front of her.
‘Thanks,’ she said, light and sibilant, like a passing wasp.
‘You should go. It’s the right thing to do.’
She ignored this. ‘You said there’d be real work. Your kind of work. Your overseas friends, all those people you used to know.’
‘I have to take what I can get. For now.’ This was going nowhere. ‘What time are you meeting Angela?’
‘8 o’clock. If I go.’
‘Come on. I mean it. You should go.’
‘What time are you going to see him? Brightland.’
She looked at him through cold eyes; her head shook a little.  St Cloud thought about defending Brightland, this man she’d never met and never spoken to, but gave it up. There was no winning with Bonnie in some moods. ‘7.30.’
‘Are you taking the car?’
‘Yes. You don’t need a lift, do you?’
‘I’ll be fine.’ Her long neck slunk forward to sup at the tea.
The sky darkened above the cold rooftops. St Cloud went to get dressed.



It was dark long before he drove out to Dulwich. Brightland lived behind the college, in a detached house behind a large yew hedge in a wide, empty lane where nobody needed to do anything cheap like walk anywhere or know the people living next door. Half out of deference and half out of discretion he parked the Leon on the road outside, and scrunched his way on foot up the gravel drive. A cold, wispy wind danced around his neck; occasionally a fat, heavy drop of rain broke ranks and kissed the gravel with a little smack. But for these little things the folding masses of cloud above would have gone unnoticed, a silent force, awaiting a signal to strike.
Brightland was square set, with a boxer’s face that fair hair, close shaving and blue eyes were doing their level best to gentrify. He wore a lounge suit and an open-necked shirt, a bootstrap-necklace, rings and gold cuff-links. He was about St Cloud’s age; this, and the air of success, made St Cloud uneasy.
He said, ‘Come in, have a drink.’
St Cloud was shown into a dining room with a wide conservatory-attachment; the first little spray of rain came down and tapped on the glass roof like a small round of constant applause, the kind that goes on in an old comedian’s head. There was a high white table with some square chairs around them, the leather a fashionable chocolate brown. Brightland pulled out one of the chairs. St Cloud did the same, and asked:
‘What’s the problem?’
Brightland smiled grimly. ‘John Birdington said you’d be to the point.’
Birdie had set this up. Birdie thought St Cloud was the business. Quite what business, he didn’t have a scooby. In fact Birdie didn’t understand St Cloud or anything he was proficient at doing. But he was uncontrollable: it was easier just to let him say “St Cloud is the business” to all in earshot and see what dropped. Whether Brightland was a close friend of Birdie, or a friend of a friend, or something altogether more distant, St Cloud didn’t much care. It was enough to know Birdie was in this; it turned the dial down on his expectations.  
Brightland said, ‘It’s my daughter.’
‘What about her?’
‘She’s the problem.’
‘In what way?’
There was a buzz. Brightland brought out a Blackberry, glanced at the screen, pushed at it with his thumb and tossed it on to the table, where it sat and blinked a little blue light at them. An hour of that would have sent St Cloud crazy enough to throw it on the fire. Brightland didn’t seem to notice it. He looked a touch crazy, though: St Cloud noticed beads of sweat on his temples.
He said, ‘Look, I’d better get you a drink.’
St Cloud replied, ‘No, no. Tell me.’
Brightland’s daughter was called Chloe, 15, sleeping at home but not exactly living there. In between times she was out with friends, with boys, clubbing, partying, disobeying all those private school rules – including “Keep Off The Grass”.
‘Okay,’ said St Cloud, not altogether understanding. ‘Go on.’
Brightland had discussed it with his wife, bought books on the subject with reassuringly bright covers, tried with alternate kindness and roughness to talk to her about it, and had been prescribed the good old-fashioned fuck off pill. None of this struck St Cloud as any sort of problem, not really, but Brightland had different ideas. He said,
‘I need Chloe to be protected.’
‘Then you don’t need me. You need a bodyguard.’  
Brightland shook his head.
‘There’s something else.’
‘Then tell me about it.’
‘If I must.’
Brightland got up and went to the refrigerator, and poured himself a beer. He offered one to St Cloud, who demurred again, and then perched back on the chair and took a long, ponderous draught. He wiped froth away from his mouth. He licked his lips. The Blackberry blinked on. Finally when he spoke it was in brisk, efficient sentences, without meeting St Cloud’s eye – like he was setting out a business plan or dictating a letter to a PA.
The gist was this:
On a Friday night about a month ago Chloe was out until the early hours, which wasn’t that unusual, and Brightland got a call to pick her up, which certainly was. She was at the 24-hour burger joint on the Old Kent Road. St Cloud knew the place well, and he also knew what it was like at that time of night: yellow-jacketed road workers, sour-faced value-brand toms, khat-high spillage from the African nightclub next door, and a lot of locked doors and pale faces in the Drive Thru queue. Brightland had found his daughter seated in one corner, confused and bedraggled, and he had slid across a just-mopped seat to hold a soap scene with her, hushed in the way that middle-class people do crisis talk. Chloe hadn’t met his eye, had barely wanted to talk to him. He had called her a tramp and a disgrace and probably a lot worse before he had tumbled to the fact that she wasn’t arguing back with her usual stroppy zeal. And then the real conversation had begun. For she had been raped.
‘Did you report it?’ asked St Cloud.
‘Of course. I called 999.’
‘Did she mind?’
‘Why on Earth – ’
‘Girls can be funny like that.’
There had been a lifeless silence waiting for them to arrive, and then the usual routine: the haven, the doctor, the examination, that interminable swabbing. A young man and woman from Marshalsea Police Station had interviewed her, while Brightland had fumed silently in a side room, no information and no phone signal with which to tell his wife they had just been dragged into hell. This ordeal had gone on for hours, and at the end of it Brightland had driven back to Dulwich, holding back exhaustion and emotional collapse, and Chloe had just sat in the passenger seat, silent. 
‘They catch the man who did it?’ asked St Cloud.
Brightland didn’t answer. He got out a handkerchief and dabbed at the corners of his mouth. There was a crooked line across his forehead, crows’ feet at the corners of his eyes, and a slight sheen on that flat nose. It had been a tough month.
St Cloud said, ‘I’m not clear what you’re asking for.’
Brightland took another drink. ‘Nobody tells me anything. The police don’t talk to any of us.’
‘Not to Chloe?’
‘Perhaps. I wouldn’t know. Chloe doesn’t talk to me, or to her mother. Not necessarily that she won’t talk about it, but she doesn’t talk to us about anything. And no, they haven’t caught the perpetrators. Not yet. Nobody gets arrested, nobody gets picked up for questioning, nothing happens – nothing at all.’
He bit his puncher’s lip, and his square mouth gave a twitch. He looked to St Cloud like a man on the edge of something, and only his bootstrap-necklace and his big Dulwich house were keeping him from toppling over it. ‘Chloe doesn’t tell us anything. Never has. It’s why she’s gone off the rails.’ St Cloud let the cliché pass. ‘And I feel like nobody’s going to get anything done. It’s all going to come to a halt soon. And there’ll be nothing at the end of it, nothing. But that’s not the worst of it.’
‘It isn’t?’
‘No. It’s her, Chloe. She’s going to let them. She’s going to let them do nothing.’
Sudden wind lashed the glass roof. A lightning burst flashed somewhere. Now it was hard, heavy rain and the sound in the conservatory grew, like a chronic, appalling shake of maracas. The Blackberry buzzed. Brightland ignored it. His eyes bored into St Cloud’s.
‘Maybe that’s all she can do,’ said St Cloud reasonably. ‘Really, if it’s in the hands of the police – ’
‘Yes, that’s her excuse. That’s everybody’s excuse. It’s in the hands of the police. Well, that doesn’t work. There’s no real investigation, of course, it’s just office work now – sitting around at computers, that’s what I’m told. That’s why I talked to Birdington. He said it to me, there’s no real investigation any more. He said there was only technical stuff and forensics. You ask them about it, it’s what they say themselves. Waiting on forensics. Waiting for something to drop from the sky.’ He gave St Cloud a searching look. ‘He says for the forensics – for all the clever stuff – well, you’re the man to talk to.’
St Cloud is the business. It was the kind of empty bullshit Birdie made a living out of, and Brightland had fallen for it. He had been ripe: St Cloud had seen this before when successful people were brought into contact with crime. Out of their comfort zone, unable to use their purchasing power or their influence, left to the nasty, shitty vagaries of life that everyone else had to put up with, they wanted to find somebody, anybody, who had a veneer of expertise or speciality, somebody who could do something to put them ahead of the curve. Bonnie was wrong about Brightland. He wasn’t on an ego trip. He was drowning. He wanted to spend some money to escape his helplessness, to throw a grappling hook into a slimy wall.
St Cloud couldn’t help him, not really. That much was obvious.
But he needed the money. That much was obvious, too.
He said, ‘I could perhaps – ’
Brightland said, ‘Good, that’s what I thought.’
St Cloud found enough pride to say, ‘Actually these things are dealt with pretty well now, you know. The Met don’t sit on them, or not bother, or say they don’t care, not any more. And a lot of it is technical, now. But that’s what constitutes evidence – CCTV, phone records, trace material. They probably are still waiting for the results, like they say.’
Brightland was not to be shaken off.
‘You say that. But who’s doing it? They wouldn’t get someone like you, would they? They’d just get the bog-standard locals to do it. I had them round at the office once, after we had a lot of break-ins. Spotty little kids in fleeces who painted the carpet silver and made an art form of apologising for their inadequacies. They didn’t look capable of catching a cold, let alone a rapist. And honestly, they must get these things the whole time, every Friday night for all I know. That’s what the papers would have you believe. They can’t be expected to do everything, not every single time. Well, it’s not what Chloe deserves. It’s not what we deserve.’
St Cloud hated him for his desperation, willed him to put up a better argument than that. But the well was dry. This was going to be it.
Brightland looked him square in the eye.
‘Please.’
‘Okay.’ The word was out before he could stop it.
Okay. He’d get paid, that would be something – something to put in the bank, something to tell Bonnie. It wasn’t going to cheer her up much, but it would keep them in cigarettes. And it would be something to help convince her that life could go on like this, beyond the end of this year, into the next. He mustered what enthusiasm he could.
‘Listen, I can look at it, if you really want me to. I can tell you what they should have done – what I would have asked them to do. And I can find out where they’re at with it. But it isn’t just “forensics”, you know. This is mythologized.’
‘Mythologized?’
‘Yes. The whole world mythologizes it. Reporters, scriptwriters, and boring old cops in wine bars – they all do it. They say the police “forensicate” this or “forensicate” that, as if it’s some sort of hoover. But that’s bullshit. It isn’t like that at all.’
Brightland said evenly, ‘No?’
‘No. It’s much more subtle. It’s not just about what’s there, it’s about what’s not there, or maybe what should be there. I guess what I’m saying is it comes down to interpretation. Do you understand me?’
 ‘I’m not sure I do.’
‘Well, for example, there’s consent.’
‘Consent?’
‘I think you know what I mean. Sexual consent.’
‘Yes, yes.’ Brightland waved this away.
‘That’s not as straightforward as you may think. What I mean is, most of the time you can prove who did what to who, but most of the time it doesn’t come down to that. It’s more about what’s said, the positions people take.’ He almost added: There are supporting factors. Bruises, tearing. Blood.
‘Yes, but that can be got over, surely –’
‘There’s disclosure, as well.’
‘Disclosure?’
‘Everything the police discover they’ll have to disclose to anybody they arrest. All the forensic evidence, the technical evidence, all that “clever stuff” you want. It will all be laid out before the person who did it. Then the suspect and their brief will say nothing for a long time, reply “no comment” to every single question, until they get a good opportunity to think up a story that explains it all away. They might do that the night before they go to court – if it ever gets that far.’
Brightland considered this.
‘You make it sound quite bleak. The chances of a resolution, I mean.’ He took another drink of beer. The lines on his forehead grew deeper. ‘But you must realise this. I have to have a resolution. I couldn’t bear it to go on like this. I understand the police – they have to inhabit this world. But I don’t. Chloe doesn’t. And what sort of father would I be if I let it all slide away – I mean, if I let Chloe let it slide away. I couldn’t look her in the eye, later when she grew up. That’s why you’re here tonight.’ He reached into his pocket, and brought out a slip of paper. ‘This is something for you.’
There was a name, “Simon”, and a phone number.
‘Who is this?’
‘Somebody I know. Give him a call, he’ll tell you all about it. There’s no point in me telling you, he’s the horse’s mouth. God, I don’t think I can go through it again, anyway.’
‘The police have spoken to him?’
‘Yes. Of course. But you never know.’ He made no more effort to explain, and St Cloud dutifully put it in the inside pocket of his jacket. ‘You can get the details of the case, I presume? From the police.’
‘Yes.’
Although that was really far from straightforward, and he would much rather have had them from Brightland. Brightland picked up an envelope on the side and handed it over. It contained a thousand pounds in twenties and tens. Brightland didn’t say what it was for, and didn’t say there was or wasn’t going to be any more coming. St Cloud counted the cash wordlessly, put it back into the envelope, and folded it into his pocket. He didn’t know what to say. The small denominations, smooth, soft and faded, made the transaction feel grubby and illicit. Brightland didn’t ask for a receipt, but St Cloud wrote one anyway on the back of a business card. They shook hands. Brightland had a firm, clammy grip. 



St Cloud rang Bonnie when he got into the car, and got voicemail. He cut the call, and texted her instead. Are you having an okay time? X. He waited a few minutes for a reply, but all he heard was the rain-percussion on the roof. He gave up, pulled his seatbelt over his shoulder and turned the key in the ignition. She was probably in a bar somewhere with Angela, her phone in the cluttered depths of her bag. He turned the key again and killed the engine. He wanted to think. The rain swept furiously down, cascading down the windscreen in vertical, smeary lines; it hit the roof with a pitiful rattle. He should have told Brightland where to get off. That’s what Bonnie would have wanted.
He reached for his phone once more, but gave it up – she hadn’t replied, after all.
He realised, suddenly and sadly, that he loved her in a childlike way – and that this was set in stone, immutable. But Bonnie wasn’t a child and didn’t deserve to be loved like that. She was smart behind the little girl act, and her beguiling depth was one of the things that drew him: she read proper books – Nabokov, Camus, Faulkner – and knew the kind of things he thought a person should know, such as how people used to be monkeys, or the lyrics from Dog Man Star. But she was smart in a slow, forgetful way, and this wasn’t necessarily companionable with his quick, harebrained mind. No, all this was wrong. These thoughts were pointless. He shouldn’t pretend it was intellectual approbation; there was no discussion of ideas or politics after dinner – just physical love, infatuation, childish love. 
Yet for all that, wide and deep as the Sea of Tranquillity.
He went to start the engine, but above the sound of the rain came two loud knocks. He turned and saw a hand strike the window. He wound it down. In the deluge stood a hooded figure. A pair of dark eyes looked back at him.
The figure did not move.
He had a thought. Above the rain, he yelled:
‘Are you Chloe Brightland?’
She nodded. He let her in.



He took her to a place at Herne Hill, a little Slav café, neon-bright and full of spirit-drinking Poles. It was either that or a pub, and apart from her being too young, it was getting near to closing time. He ushered her over to a corner table, and asked for two cups of coffee. One of the men said something in Polish and the others laughed. St Cloud ignored them, and sat down opposite her. She slipped off the hooded top to reveal a high-necked jumper and skirt, a dark fringe, dark colouring, dark make-up, a delicate little stud beneath her lower lip: sort of a half-hearted Goth. She bore a vague resemblance to her father, with a broad nose and wide forehead, as if someone kind had softened the pugilist features by stewing them in molasses. Maybe that someone was her mother. She sat down, and looked at the table, and kept looking at it until the coffees arrived.  Then she followed the rising steam with her eyes until they were level with his. He said,
‘Hello.’
That didn’t get a reply, so he asked:
‘Were you waiting for me the whole time?’
She shook her head.
‘That’s good. You’d have got pretty wet.’
She nursed the cup, swivelled it round. Then she said:
‘I was coming back from a friend’s.’ It was a dry, sore-throated voice, one that wavered around like a fly trying to settle on a plate. It came with an accent that cost two grand a term and would render redundant the need for qualifications.  
‘Right.’ He wondered whether this gave her a reason for tapping at his window, decided it didn’t, and asked, ‘Why not just go home?’
She looked up at him, finally. Her eyes were large, green and elliptical, like stones on a riverbed. The whole heavy make-up thing was a childish folly. ‘I saw a car parked on the road. Mum told me Dad was getting itchy about things, and was going to call somebody in. I guessed that’s who you were. And Dad sees everyone else at his office.’ She supped her coffee. ‘Dad practically lives at his office.’
St Cloud wasn’t interested in what Brightland got up to at his office. And he wasn’t in the mood for a hard luck story. He felt for his mobile.
No reply from Bonnie.
‘So why did you want to speak to me?’
She swept her fringe back. ‘I would have thought that was obvious. To find out what he’s asking, who you are, why he’s paying you to interfere with my life.’
St Cloud chewed this over.
‘I’m not sure I’ve been asked to do that.’
‘For what it’s worth, I think it’s really wrong. It’s my problem. The police are already involved. I don’t need anybody else to get involved.’
‘Your dad doesn’t agree.’
‘No.’ She made a face. ‘Do you actually know him?’
‘I just met him tonight.’
‘Then you ought to be told about him. He just wants to interfere. If he can’t do that, then he wants to pay somebody else to interfere.’
‘Like I said, I’m not sure I’ve been asked to do that.’
‘Then what have you been asked to do?’
St Cloud drank some coffee. ‘That depends.’
‘On what?’
‘On the state of things. On what buttons people press. On how hard they press them.’
She paused. ‘Oh.’
‘And more things. Like whether there are chinks of light or just efficient, dark machinery.’ 
Her mouth twitched. ‘You sound like a poet. Or a confidence trickster.’
‘Perhaps they’re the same thing: the light and dark sides of the same moon.’
‘Then you are a poet.’
‘No, I’m a confidence trickster.’
She smiled for the first time. ‘You’re neither.’ She put her head to one side, and looked up at the top of his head. ‘You’re too big and clumsy.’
‘To be a poet?’
‘To be a confidence trickster. They’re always small and wiry, aren’t they?’
‘Thank you.’
‘And poets are normally thin and ugly. You’re neither of those things either.’ She picked up her coffee cup.
He asked, ‘Were you raped?’
She stopped, her cup held below her lips.
‘Well, were you?’
‘Didn’t he tell you?’
St Cloud nodded. ‘Yes, he told me. But I’m not asking him. I’m asking you.’
Her nostrils flared. ‘Yes, I fucking well was. Do I have to go through it with you, like I went through it with everybody else?’
He let her seethe for a minute, then said:
‘Not if you don’t want to.’
‘I’m not sure I do. Not to a total stranger.’
‘Okay, then don’t. Your father told me a little about it. I can get the rest from all the other total strangers you told.’
She wasn’t satisfied with this. She said, in a nasty tone:
‘Who exactly are you, anyway?’
‘My name is Michael St Cloud. I used to work for the police.’
‘The thought police?’
‘The Metropolitan Police.’
He expected her to say “Same difference” or some other bullshit like that, but she didn’t. Instead she nodded and her eyes looked to the corners of the room. It was a poor attempt at sophistication. She said, with studied casualness: ‘But not as a policeman.’
‘That’s right.’
He remembered all the things that made teenage girls unattractive, and top of the list was their constant doubt about what part they were meant to be playing, that artificial head-on-the-side routine, that groping for presence and weight, like they were made of dust or CGI. He let her get on with it. She put down her coffee and twisted her mouth ninety degrees, and suddenly she was young and beholden again. He liked her better that way. She said,
‘If you’re going to do – anything, well, there are some things you ought to know about my dad.’
‘Like what?’
‘Like, he always thinks he’s smarter than everybody else.’
‘So do I.’
‘Not like he does, I’m sure. He can’t cope with the fact that there are things he doesn’t know, things other people know.’
‘He still sounds like me. Perhaps we’ll get on.’
‘Don’t count on it.’
‘What does he do, your father? For a living, I mean.’
‘He works in the city.’
‘A trader?’
‘No, he programs their computers.’
‘Oh.’
She caught the inflexion and said, ‘Oh no, don’t misunderstand. He’s considered important. At least, he takes it very seriously.’
‘Okay, you were right a moment ago. Maybe we won’t get on, after all.’ He drank some coffee. ‘Does he have his own company?’
‘Kind of. He works in this thing called a dark pool.’
‘Isn’t that when you predict celebrities are going to die?’
‘Don’t think so.’
‘Oh – no. That’s a “dead pool”. What’s a dark pool?’
She shrugged. ‘Don’t ask me.’
‘Was that what I needed to know about him? That he’s in computers?’
‘I was going to say he always wants there to be some reason why he’s better off than everybody else.  Like, if he drives the car, he has to be somebody who knows someone in the traffic department who tells him which speed cameras don’t work. And so, when something happens like this, he can’t just be like everybody else. He has to be different. It makes me really fucking mad. It’s like when he’s at the doctors, he doesn’t think the waiting room is for him, he thinks it’s for other people.’ 
This seemed to be a near neighbour of St Cloud’s own description of Brightland. Maybe the girl did understand her father, after all.
He said, ‘Maybe he just wants to know what’s going on.’
‘And maybe he doesn’t. Maybe he wants to manage what’s going on, wants to control it.’
This was a blind alley. They could agree on Brightland’s character all night long. They could even talk about his bootstrap necklace next. None of it would be enjoyable, and none of it would get them anywhere they needed to go. The Poles laughed at something, glasses chinked. St Cloud said tiredly:
‘People are allowed to ask questions, I guess.’
‘You don’t even sound sure yourself.’
‘I’m not.’
He rubbed his eyes. He was getting to wish he’d told Brightland to go to hell. An hour had passed since he had left the house, and already he didn’t want to see the thing through. Same old, same old. He jerked himself out of it, and said:
‘Look Chloe, a man wants me to make sure the police are doing a proper job of something, which I’m sure they are. And if I do make sure of it, if things happen that should happen, well – I don’t see how it can do you or anybody else any harm. Is that wrong?’
She pushed her hands flat against the table, stretched out her fingers, and made the action of smoothing away an imaginary tablecloth. 
‘I don’t know. It might be if I was just an object in the middle of it. A detail.’
‘The grist in the mill.’
‘Something like that.’
 A sudden growl of thunder came from outside, and heavy rain got thrown against the glass. The Poles didn’t stir from their talk. St Cloud felt for his wallet, and took it out of his pocket, involuntarily checking the phone again: no Bonnie. He opened the wallet, found nothing inside, got out Brightland’s envelope, took the first of the ten-pound notes between his middle and ring fingers, and – ignoring Chloe, who was watching the whole performance – placed it on the table.
He said, ‘Come on, I’ll take you home.’



She had been half-invited to a party: the arrangement was vague, and the people whose party it was she knew only through a guy called Jacey, and she only knew him third-hand. The friend she was going with was in a state: she’d just busted up with her boyfriend, so she left Chloe after one drink – at a party where she hardly knew anybody and didn’t exactly know where she was, beyond it being a basement flat in Kennington. She had a few Bacardi-and-Cokes, got a bit drunk, danced and tried to make the best of the situation. Some time after midnight the atmosphere had changed. The younger ones, those she had seen earlier in the evening, a girl she might have recognised from school, a nice-looking boy who’d smiled at her when she spilt a drink, these were nowhere to be seen. Their replacements were older, different: young men with scars on their faces, rasta boys, gun pussy. And what had been the odd bit of smoke became nastier too, rocks and tabs, not stuff Chloe was used to. She’d called this Jacey, called her bust-up friend, and finally a friend who she knew lived somewhere nearby, but without reply from any of them. So she’d left the party and started to walk. She had found herself on a main road, with an unlit park on one side of it and a terrace of houses and closed-up shops on the other. She thought there was a cab firm somewhere ahead, because she remembered a yellow square lit up in the night with a couple of men smoking outside it; this is where she headed. But after a few steps a van pulled up alongside her. The driver asked if she was okay. Next minute rough hands were pulling at her, and there was the cold cavern of the back of the van, a grinding metal sound as the door slid shut, a tight burning pain in her wrists and elbows. The van drove off and then stopped somewhere a few minutes later. There were two of them, she thought, one black, one white, both with London voices. They had been fast and brutal. She thought only one of them actually did it to her, she couldn’t be sure which, and she thought she might have felt the coldness of a condom. Mostly she remembered coarse hands, vein-embossed forearms, a strange sort of spongy dryness inside her, and the feral cries of these noisy, desperate men bouncing off the cold metal walls. Then the van took off again, stopped again, and she was outside on another street she didn’t recognise, “weirdly numb”; and then sitting on a bench amongst railings and empty beer cans, feeling like she was another girl in another life, and that the night had swallowed her own completely. After what might have been minutes and might have been hours, she had once more began to walk, found the burger joint, and called home.
She told it simply, and without emotion, her profile all pale cheeks and plump lips in the moving, rain-dappled strobe of the oncoming headlights. St Cloud drove, looking across at her only occasionally. She had a sort of teenage prettiness, the kind based on untoned muscles, big arms, a generous midriff, the kind she’d never get away with in her thirties but looked okay on a 15 year old. Hearing her talk about being raped was an odd sensation, because seated in his passenger seat she looked almost asexual – pearl skinned, dark-eyed, and with that kind of umber lipstick that didn’t invite kisses. All of her accoutrements were temporary, he noted – dyed hair, bracelets and black plastic rings instead of tattoos. Chloe Brightland was playing at it this year. He didn’t expect he would recognise her again when she was eighteen. He wondered if she would recognise herself.
‘I don’t expect anything from the police,’ she said.
He considered this.
‘Why not? Never around when you want one?’
‘I hate them.’
This didn’t surprise him. When you had Chloe Brightland’s house and schooling you had to make sure you hated the cops more than the kids on the council estates did. That was a dam against a flood of uncomfortable truths.
‘What about the detectives you dealt with? The ones who interviewed you?’
‘Oh. They were okay. I suppose.’
They hadn’t given her any false hope, at least; they had explained it would be difficult. She had spent that silent drive home with Brightland thinking about her attackers, wondering where they were and what kind of breakfast they would eat and who they would rape that night, and the following night. She thought it was just something they did, like go for a drink or a tablet on any other Friday night. She didn’t expect to hear any news of them being arrested or brought to justice.
‘Then something happened,’ she said. ‘Somebody came forward. A friend of Dad’s.’
Unknown to her, an old business partner of Brightland had passed the same spot in his car, just as she’d walked out of the party, and momentarily recognised her; he had stopped, seen the van pull up and drive off. Not convinced of her identity, seeing nothing untoward, and thinking she was getting a lift home, he had driven home. He had mentioned it casually to Brightland a few days later, and Brightland had put him in touch with the police. The man – (“Simon”, of course, St Cloud realised) – would have had sleepless nights since knowing that he hadn’t saved her from anything. But he had at least provided a time, a location and a rough description of the van: a large, square working van, grey or blue, a Ford Transit or similar, old and shabby. But no index number. That would have made it all too easy, thought St Cloud; and tonight Bonnie would be happier and Brightland a thousand pounds better off.
He pulled into the wide avenue, the rain streaking down like cross-hatching on an ink cartoon. Wide puddles reflected his headlights in formless smears. All across the road the growing pools of water had textured, tumultuous surfaces as they were pelted by the raindrops. He killed the engine. 
She asked simply: ‘What will you do?’
He turned, the seat belt pulling at his shoulder. ‘I don’t know, really. Look into it. It’s a while since I was involved in a case like this, but I know what they should be doing. I know what things should be happening.’
‘That doesn’t sound like too much.’
St Cloud silently agreed.
She asked, ‘Will they tell you?’
‘I don’t know. Some of it. Probably not much more than they tell you.’
‘Then it really doesn’t sound like much.’ She unbuckled her seatbelt. ‘And if you do find anything out, anything they haven’t told me, who will you tell? Him or me?’
‘Probably both of you. If you want me to.’
‘I want to know first.’
‘Then I’ll tell you first.’
She studied him. ‘I’m not sure whether to believe you. Or trust you. I wouldn’t even know how to get hold of you. Are you on Facebook?’
He shook his head. ‘No players are on Facebook. Only spectators.’
‘Is that right?’ She wasn’t sure whether he was being ironic.
He said, ‘Look, you can call me. O triple 7 6-4 double 9 double 5.’
‘That’s too quick.’
‘So speed up, girl.’
She smiled finally, a nice smile, and shook her head. Her fringe settled back exactly where it had started. She said: ‘You made that phone number up. That’s what people do when they don’t want you to remember their number, in clubs and places.’
‘And what do you then?’
‘I get them to repeat it. If I like them.’
Green stones for eyes; they glinted in the darkness, a million tiny reflections of the coruscating rain.
He let her wait.
She murmured, ‘So repeat it.’
He said, at the speed of a machine gun, ‘O triple 7 6-4 double 9 double 5.’
She laughed. It was the prettiest thing he’d heard all evening.
‘Now I’m sure you’re making it up.’
She reached for her mobile and punched in the numbers, looked at his hair, and waited. There was silence. Then finally the tinny sound of his ringtone: Handsome Devil.
She laughed, and he started laughing with her. She pressed a button on her mobile: the music stopped. The world around them was dark. There was something in the silence that followed that kept it that way, in spite of the illumination of the interior light as she opened the door and made a wordless exit into the night.



He had no word from Bonnie by the time he got home; so he rang again, got voicemail again, and this time he left a message. ‘It’s me. What time are you getting home? It’s a horrible night out there, I can give you a lift if you need me to.’
He didn’t want an answer so much as a reply.
He sat and smoked a cigarette, and listened to the cacophony of the night: rain lashing against the windows, thunder roaring, the tumult of the wind as it savaged the trees. There was a flutter in his chest. The clock ticked on. Two o’clock. He hated to admit it, but he was getting worried.
He worried about nothing except Bonnie and death.
The house seemed a hundred times emptier than it did before she lived there. He reached for another cigarette. He thought about getting himself a drink, maybe getting drunk, remembered he had just offered Bonnie a lift, and thought better of it. There was nothing else to do. He went to bed.
He drifted away slowly, slept in fits and starts, and then sat up and clicked on the bedroom light. 3:45. He grabbed his phone. Nothing. He pondered over another text, and decided unhappily there was no casual phrase that would fit now. So he wrote:
Bonnie I’m getting worried. Are you okay? X
He regretted it the minute he pressed “Send”. She would hate him for it. What was he worrying about, exactly? Something had got under his skin. Maybe it was the desperation in Brightland, precipitated by his loss of control over the world; maybe it was the thought of Chloe Brightland and the grabbing hands of the men in the van. Maybe he was getting protective all of a sudden, worrying that Bonnie might be drunk and depressed, unable to get herself home, walking the same mean streets, waiting to be attacked. He rubbed his eyes. No – that wasn’t it.
It didn’t have anything to do with the Brightlands. It was Bonnie he worried about, just Bonnie.
It wasn’t about her being depressed. She wouldn’t drop a brave face in public – not unless things had got very bad indeed for her, and he didn’t think she was quite there yet. She’d not let Angela or anyone else think she hadn’t wanted to go out tonight. And by now she probably wasn’t faking it, Bonnie was easily capable of enjoying herself. He imagined her now, quite different to earlier, not crying or feeling sorry for herself – but instead laughing and flirting, dancing, making eyes. St Cloud didn’t mind. He knew she got bored easily and needed excitement. He also knew that there was something about her that made all sorts of men feel they had a chance with her – a chance she would like them and find them interesting enough to listen to, interesting enough to tease, and maybe even interesting enough to go home with.
Most of them were wrong, of course.
And she was with Angela: the fox. A fox and a savage bore. Occasionally when Angela came to see Bonnie, or he picked them both up from a night out, they would try to make conversation – but he couldn’t ever seem to make himself understood, she thought him “eccentric”, and he tired of her tedious tales of shopping and the Z list. Once in a moment of dazzling drunkenness he had interrupted such a worthless flow by asking her to fuck him. She had carried on unfazed. He had thought little of it since; but now, with the apocalyptic storm outside and Bonnie abroad in the night, he felt a pang about it, wondering if it was really acceptable to think of someone as being a savage bore, and still ask to fuck them. In the end he decided it was probably okay. He wouldn’t describe himself as a moralist.
He thought of Angela’s boyfriend, Greg or something – no, “Grant”, a barristers’ clerk, working somewhere in the Temple or Lincoln’s Inn. St Cloud had met him a few times: a foot smaller than St Cloud and with a little swagger, a pathetic little wanker. They had crossed professionally once, Grant carrying a tall pile of box-files, scuttling like the creep he was behind an antediluvian QC at the Bailey. St Cloud had studiously avoided him, hadn’t even offered a hello. He wondered now if this little shit was out with them. Maybe he and Angela would include one of his friends to try and pair off with Bonnie. No doubt they wouldn’t see this as any sort of treachery, would think Bonnie could do better – an estate agent, a salesman, something appalling like that – someone with “prospects”. Well, fuck them. And fuck their prospects.
He was getting carried away. He should kill these thoughts. He should think better of Bonnie. 
But suddenly, he wanted her home.



His phone rang. 
‘Hi.’ There was the bustle of a crowd in the background.
‘Hi.’
‘Did I wake you up?’
He said, ‘No, it’s okay.’
‘Sorry. My phone’s given up.’
‘Oh. Battery run out?’
‘Don’t think so. Just seems to have given up completely. Angela’s lent me her new one, she was only using it as a spare at the moment, anyway.’
‘Oh. Okay. You must have not got my texts, then.’
‘What did they say?’
‘Nothing much.’
‘Okay.’
‘You be alright getting home?’
‘Fine. Grant’s coming. Says he’ll drop me off on the way.’
‘Okay. You feeling better?’
‘Yes.’
‘Good.’ There was more hubbub in the background.
‘I’d better go.’
‘Okay, ’bye then. See you in the morning.’ He turned over and went to sleep. He was relieved.
But his heart still beat a little faster than it should have done.



St Cloud knew the Crime Manager at Marshalsea, Susan Doré, not well but well enough for his purposes. She was a small, fat woman who liked to dress in pin-striped trousers and square glasses in an effort to project fastidiousness, and so hide a warm and fuzzy mind. He made a call to the police operator and got her office number, hesitated over it for a few minutes – not because he thought she wouldn’t be helpful, but more because he thought she would – and finally bit the bullet. She was in the office.
People like that are always in the office.
‘Susan? This is Michael St Cloud.’
She managed to keep most of the surprise out of her voice.
‘Oh. Hello.’
‘Hi.’
It was never going to get any easier than this, dealing with his former subordinates. He cut to the chase.
‘Sue, I’m trying to find a bit of information out about a case on your borough. It’s for a friend of mine.’
‘Right.’ There was a pause. ‘Officially?’
‘I know the family.’ Which wasn’t technically a lie, but still felt like one.
‘What’s the case?’
‘A rape’ – he almost added the word “allegation”, considered the pejorative associations, and stopped himself – ‘from a few weeks back. No grief, I promise. I just want to know what’s happening with it.’
There was a pause. They both knew this was her opportunity to tell him to go fuck himself.
She didn’t take it.
‘Have you got a crime number?’
‘No, but you should be able to find it easy enough. It happened on a Friday night about a month or so ago. Victim’s name is Chloe Brightland. As in “Bright” and then “Land”, all one word.’
‘Okay,’ she said. ‘I’ll get back to you, what’s your number?’
‘Look, I’m coming past anyway. Shall I drop in and see you?’
‘Oh, okay.’ She sounded like she knew this was a lie, but St Cloud didn’t waste any time on it.
‘Half an hour give you enough time?’
‘Yes, fine I guess.’
Bonnie was still in bed, so St Cloud grabbed the car keys and wandered out of the little alleyway and into Cadiz Street. Around him the street and the houses looked no different than they had the previous day, but there was an intangible sense of aftermath, that some titanic event had taken place and been survived. Across the street lay oily pools of water, topped with curling ochre leaves; above this a wintry sun peered through the haze; a cold little wind whispered of the life beyond the savage storm.
He took the main road up towards the Elephant. This part of town was due for regeneration; the high concrete blocks of the Heygate were only now part occupied, exhibiting occasional boarded-up windows, like the gummy gaps in an old drunk’s toothless grin. Rumours flew that the Elephant’s redevelopment was on hold, buyers and builders in trouble due to the credit crunch. St Cloud wished for beautiful towers of glass, a clutch of rising spires to be seen across from Westminster, like Potsdamerplatz from the roof of the Reichstag. But he didn’t expect anything more than Lego blocks, bay trees and a lot of bullshit about carbon counts.
He left the car by the Ministry of Sound, at the back of the police station, half-remembered the code to the back door, gave up and pressed the button to call through to the control room, and bluffed his way in. He climbed the steps to the CID, the same bare, brick-walled steps Brightland must have walked on the night of the rape. How different it must have seemed to the shiny offices of EC1 with their water-coolers and coffee percolators and size zero TV screens showing size zero women reading the size zero news. On the first floor he found Doré leafing through a sheath of white papers, smooth and shiny having just emerged from a printer. He took a seat opposite her.
‘You’re looking well,’ she told him.
‘Thanks.’
‘How have you been?’
She left out the “since it happened” but it was there in both their heads, all the same.
‘I’ve been good, thanks.’
‘Bonnie okay?’
‘She’s fine.’ He didn’t really want any of this. ‘Have you been able to find anything out?’
She shuffled the papers.
‘This is the crime report. I was on holiday while it happened. Croatia.’
‘Right.’ It might have been the moon for all St Cloud cared.
She licked a thumb, and riffled through the sheath of papers in front of her. ‘Looks straightforward enough. A lot of stuff has gone to the lab.’
‘Which lab?’
‘The FSS.’
The Forensic Science Service. About to hit the skids, but right enough for this kind of job.
‘Do we know who’s dealing there?’
‘No.’
‘Who sent it up?’
‘Martin Leary authorised it from our side. He’s my deputy now.’
St Cloud nodded. Whenever he came back, he could expect this: everybody else moving on, getting promoted. Further up the chain, at the Yard, somebody else would end up with his old job – if they found anybody up to it, or if they thought any of what he did was worth pursuing.
‘What’s gone up?’
‘All the usual swabs, there’s underwear, a bra, a top. Nothing much has come back yet, by the look of it. I think they’re expecting it back this week, actually. Maggie Higgins is dealing with it, on the Sapphire Unit based over at Southwark North.’
‘Don’t you have an SCD unit for this sort of thing now?’
‘SCD2. But it’s still based on Borough, and we still call it the Sapphire Unit.’
‘Oh. This Maggie Higgins – she’s a DI?’
‘A DS. She’s pretty sensible.’
‘Right. What’s been asked for?’
‘Semen exam on swabs and clothing – ’
‘AP or UV?’
‘Both. Sperm heads for confirmation. Preserving the underwear and the outer garments for fibres and touch DNA. Martin suggested to them after that they could think about chemical tests on the clothing tapes – you know, in case the van had anything in it, builder’s materials, or whatever.’
That pretty much covered it.
‘And the investigation? There was a witness, I understand, a friend of the family.’
She nodded, and found another piece of paper. ‘Yes. A guy called Pritchard. On his way home from a meeting. He’s given a statement. Describes the van, although it’s not great, and didn’t see the driver or anybody else.’
‘At least we know where and when it happened, though.’
‘That’s right. We do. Location’s not far from the Oval. Kennington Road junction with –’ she checked the report – ‘Fitzalan Street. Outside 160 Kennington Road, to be exact. She’s been taken back there and confirmed it. Struggling on the time though, for various reasons. Firstly, this Pritchard didn’t remember very well, wasn’t taking much notice, just knows he got home late. And it wasn’t reported immediately.’
St Cloud remembered Chloe sitting around on a bench for an indeterminate time. In life, like music, the spaces were often the things nobody talked about, not until they were written down; and then they mattered. ‘But you could get the time of the offence from other things – she made lots of calls, didn’t she? Trying to get hold of someone she knew. Those calls will be on her phone. You could backtrack.’
‘We could have done. But the victim lost her phone.’
‘She did?’ This was new.
‘Some time between ringing her father and reporting it to us, the phone went missing. She couldn’t explain it, her father doesn’t remember seeing it. It’s still outstanding.’
‘Pinged it?’
‘It’s dead.’
‘Rapists got it?’
‘They can’t have. She called her father with it, afterwards. Home phone billing shows the call at 2.07 am.’
‘Oh. Yes.’ St Cloud thought about Chloe, “weirdly numb”, feeling like she was somebody else completely, wandering the streets, sitting on benches. It didn’t seem that surprising that somewhere in the mix she should put her phone down and not pick it up again. She might even have had it stolen, for all anybody knew: the Old Kent Road and its tawdry tentacles were rough enough at night. 
‘CCTV?’
Doré shook her head. ‘None at the abduction site. And we don’t exactly know where she was abandoned, she walked around for a while before she got picked up. Probably on this borough, but that’s about all.’
St Cloud considered this. ‘And this party she was at, have they found it? The flat, I mean?’
‘Not exactly. There are one or two possibles. Maggie spent a day ploughing through Facebook to find it. But it probably doesn’t matter. If you look at Pritchard’s statement, the van appears to have come along the road from the Stockwell/ Clapham direction. So it doesn’t look like she was followed out of the party or anything, just picked up off the road. So they don’t think the party itself is that relevant.’
‘Okay.’
He had some more questions, delicate ones. He nudged the door shut.
‘She doesn’t know if a condom was used or not. What did the FME say? Were there any injuries?’
Doré flicked through the papers. ‘Nothing extreme, I don’t think. Hold on, it’s here. There was certainly evidence of penetration, and some bruising. Doctor wasn’t willing to give a view about the condom. Sat on the fence, you know what they’re like.’
Yes, careful as hell and paid like a pop star. Poor Chloe, examined and swabbed, inside and out, hearing nothing but a plutocrat doctor prevaricating and Brightland fuming like mad outside the door. 
‘And any others? Cases like that?’
‘Look, Michael, you know there’s – ’
‘Yes, I know there’s a lot of it about – weekend rapes. Almost as popular as football.’
‘Well, you could say that.’
‘But getting pushed into the back of a van, off the street? And a white guy/ black guy combination might not be that usual, as well.’
Doré read another piece of paper. Then she shook her head.
‘Looks like they’ve done SCAS and Method Index as well, without success. MIB have looked at it. If there are others they might not show up that easily on searches, you know – be difficult to find them amongst all the cab jobs, especially if they do it on a Friday.’
St Cloud understood. London minicab drivers view sexual consent like a green traffic light – nice if it’s there, but hardly a deal-breaker if it isn’t.
‘And there weren’t too many distinguishing features about them. Victim thought they were local from their voices, so that doesn’t help much, and no description to speak of. But Maggie’ll keep an eye on that, she’s pretty good.’
St Cloud nodded. It was like he had told Brightland: rape got dealt with properly on Borough these days, no more disinterested cops, no more disbelieving the victim, no more swabs sitting idle in freezers alongside food for the station cat. They had carried out all the right examinations, and submitted all the right things, to all the right places, all for the right reasons. And they were about to get their results. It seemed cold comfort that he had told Brightland to expect as much. He said: ‘Well anyway, thanks Sue.’
Doré was holding one of the pieces of paper, and studying it with interest. ‘Wait – there’s one more thing. There’s a suspect on the crime report.’
‘There is?’
She sighed. ‘Oh, but don’t get excited. It’s Devon Harris. He’s a local PYO, gets put up quite a lot. It could well be nothing.’
A ‘Persistent Youth Offender’. St Cloud asked: ‘Any reason why he’s been put up for this one?’
‘Not on the crime report. I can ask Maggie if you want. Actually I seem to recall Martin got a call about him recently, I think he might have a van that’s similar to the suspect one. Martin advised them to get it in to get it examined, but I don’t think they were keen. There’s no further mention of it on the report.’
‘This Harris. Is he black or white?’
‘Black. Doesn’t hang round with any white boys we know about. And this sort of thing isn’t really his game, you know. Low level stuff. Knives, firearms, gang stuff, but it’s always mostly robbery by another name. Used to be credit cards mostly, if I remember right. There’s nothing about any sexual offences on his record, as far as I know, and victim wasn’t robbed. All in all, it’s probably nothing.’
Yes, that summed it up. It was probably nothing.
He drove home. Around him the Walworth Road slowly came back to life; the shop shutters of the African grocer and jerk chicken shops rose, and people wandered out to look at their shops, to inspect the damage, to share their stories of ripped tiles and broken sleep. Ahead of St Cloud were buses, just buses – tall ones, bendy ones, full ones, empty ones. A van passed him, a Transit; it might have been the one in which Chloe Brightland was raped. He thought about the earnest look in Brightland’s face, and his own weakness at taking the job. He had been paid to find out if the police were doing what they should be doing. And they were doing just that. It was the most ridiculous money he had ever earned. He turned on the heater. The storm was gone, but the city was getting colder. It would be winter soon. If he wanted to stay warm he would have to take these kinds of jobs, reject Bonnie’s doubts and his many qualms, take the money and run. Or he would have nothing.
He decided to put off ringing Brightland for a day or two. The man needed to feel influential. St Cloud needed a sense of purpose. Let them both have another day or two to enjoy their illusions.



Bonnie emerged halfway through the afternoon. She looked paler than usual, and she might have been crying again. She wore a thin red jumper, which clung tight to her, and grey jeans. He broke off from the Evening Standard, all paedophile priests and wildcat strikes.
‘How was Angela?’
‘She’s okay.’
‘Did you have a nice time?’
‘Yes, it was fine.’
She often preferred blandishments. He wondered whether “fine” was what she told her friends after their times together, after the night when they had scandalised a Broadgate pub, after the indolent afternoon in Kensington Gardens when he drawn finger-pictures on her back, after their blood-curdling rows. She opened the refrigerator, closed it again, and made herself toast and coffee. St Cloud started to mention that Susan Doré had asked after her, but thought better of it. Bonnie looked tired, tired and cute, and St Cloud wanted to take her back to bed.
She said, ‘Angela and Grant are having a get-together tonight. We’re invited.’
‘Oh.’
She waited a second, and said, ‘I told Angela I’d go.’
He thought about last night: about the storm, about her call, and about his gathering heartbeat. ‘I’ll come, too.’
She screwed her face up. ‘Oh. Really?’
‘Yes. You said we’re invited. I take it that means me, as well.’
‘Yes. But – well, are you sure?’
He nodded. ‘Yes. Where is it, what time?’
‘At Vito’s. In Vauxhall. There’s a group going. There’s some sort of boxing thing afterwards for the boys.’
It sounded like the fires of hell. But he said: ‘That’s fine.’
‘Oh. Okay.’
He let a little pause lengthen, then said:
‘I saw Brightland.’
Her eyes narrowed.
He said quickly, ‘You were right about him. He doesn’t understand much about me. But he has got a problem, a real one. And I am going to help him with it.’
She froze momentarily; then carried on buttering her toast. He thought about mentioning Chloe, and the café, but didn’t. Instantly, he regretted this. The St Cloud Bonnie liked was the St Cloud who took 15-year-old girls out at midnight, who shared their dark secrets and guilty silences. But the moment had passed. He sighed. In the end, she would get to thinking he was as pale as the rest of them – the husbands of her friends who talked of golf and gadgets, who splashed around in the shallow end of life, who went grey at the temples at thirty-five in the first stages of galloping death. She would think this only because he didn’t tell her, because it was easier not to, because he let these little moments pass away.
His eye caught a slip of paper on the side of the kitchen. He reached over and unfolded it. It said “Simon” and a phone number: the piece of paper Brightland had given him last night. This must be the witness, Pritchard, he realised. He had forgotten all about it. Feeling slightly chastened, he said:
‘Bonnie, I’ve got to go and see somebody this afternoon.’
She said, ‘For Brightland?’
‘Yes.’
She said sourly, ‘I’ll be in the shower.’
He might tell Bonnie he’d been paid a thousand pounds in cash. Or that by this evening he’d have done the two hours work that constituted the job. But none of that would make any difference. He knew what Bonnie really wanted – him to be freer than this, not reliant on Brightland or Birdie or anybody like them. It was a vain hope.
He dialled the number and got a voice like smooth shale, in which he heard the echo of private schools, and distant parents on crackly telephones. Pritchard had been told to expect a call; he was free in the next hour; he preferred to see St Cloud at home, if that was okay; and gave an address in SW4. St Cloud grabbed his jacket and his keys. From upstairs came the hiss of the shower. He didn’t call out that he was going out. He didn’t think she would hear him.



Pritchard lived in one of those little streets that lead off from Lavender Hill, with neat pavements and laburnum trees and boxy front gardens, one of those effortlessly well-heeled streets where everybody tends their flowerbeds and recycles their rubbish along with their ideas and their conversation. The house was average-sized and terraced, with mustard bricks and red and black insets, and modest bay windows with wooden sashes and thin single-glazing – the kind that reflects sunlight in an oily smear, which informs you the glass is very old and the residents prize Victoriana more than warmth or silence. It was a house honest baby-boomers once paid good money to escape, only to find they couldn’t afford a 5% deposit on it thirty years later. Pritchard could afford it, though – and a lot more besides: there was a silver TVR on the road outside and a personalized number plate. St Cloud steeled himself.
Pritchard was about thirty, clean-shaven, with brown hair that had oscillating curls of equal wavelength. He wore a nicely cut suit, a shirt with pink checks, and a thick purple tie that looked like a comfortable noose. When he smiled he exhibited a Guggenheim of bright white teeth. St Cloud was shown into the sitting room, all wood floors and sparse furnishings, the kind that set you back more than carpets, tables and ornaments. Pritchard followed him in and looked anxiously between his watch and the street outside, as if the two were playing a tennis match.
He said, ‘Sorry, but I can’t spare too long.’
‘That’s okay. Thanks for meeting me.’
‘I’ve got to see somebody later, somebody – ’ He was about to say “important”, but decided against it. ‘Well, I can’t spare too long, anyway.’
St Cloud looked about him. He said mechanically:
I know you’ve given the police a statement. You don’t have to repeat it. I just want you to go back to the critical moments, from when you first saw the girl up until when you drove off again.’
He had brought a blue notebook, the kind where you can tear each page off along little perforations about an inch from the spine, and like life itself the thing gets more ragged the further on you are. He had found it in the back of a drawer in Cadiz Street. Opening it now he saw that the first page contained yet another first paragraph of Bonnie’s unwritten novel. He scanned it, noted with mild dismay that it featured a man who clearly wasn’t him, turned over the next page, smoothed it with his fingers, dug out a biro and perched on the edge of the sofa. Pritchard remained springy on the balls of his feet.
 ‘I really wasn’t sure it was her. Not at first anyway. In fact the whole time I wasn’t sure it was her – I don’t really know her that well, you know.’
It wasn’t just needing to get away or being in a purple noose that made him nervous. St Cloud said cruelly, ‘Is that why you drove off and left her to it, then?’
Pritchard swallowed. ‘You’re right, I did drive off. But if I’d known–’
‘What would you have done?’
‘Well, I’d – I don’t know.’
You’d have done fuck all, thought St Cloud nastily.
Out loud he said: ‘When did you find out about it? The rape?’
Pritchard grimaced at the word. ‘I wasn’t sure she was – was she–’
‘Raped. Repeatedly. The bastards took it in turns.’ That was bullshit, but sitting opposite the prissy little man it made St Cloud feel better to say it.
‘Oh.’ Pritchard had gone a little white. ‘Paul told me about it when I spoke to him a couple of days later. You can imagine how I felt.’
Relieved he hadn’t got involved, no doubt. Yes, Pritchard did look a touch yellow, with his furrowed brow and his little skittish glances. St Cloud picked up his biro. This wasn’t going well. He wasn’t tolerant enough to deal with people like this. He should have told Brightland to forget it, all of it.
He said heavily,
‘Okay. Let’s go back to what you saw. How did you happen to be there – driving past on that night?’
‘I was on my way home. I’d been to a meeting.’
‘You work with Brightland, don’t you?’
‘Not any more. I did, though. We started a company together a couple of years ago.’
St Cloud remembered what Chloe had said. ‘A black pool?’
Pritchard corrected, ‘A dark pool.’
‘Oh yes. What the hell is that, by the way?’
‘You aren’t in finance?’
St Cloud shook his head. ‘You’ll have to indulge me.’
‘Well, do you know much about trading?’
‘I know it turns poor, nasty barrow boys into rich, nasty barrow boys.’
Pritchard tutted theatrically. He said: ‘I can see I’m going to have to educate you.’ He put his head on the side, and then returned it to an upright position. In an unnecessarily patient voice, he said: ‘There’s such a thing as high frequency trading. It’s like usual city trading in principle except it’s done with computers.’
‘Why’s it called a dark pool?’
‘No, no, that’s not it. Let me explain. This high frequency trading is automated – there’s no human intervention. There are computers now that can trade hundreds of thousands of shares every second. There’s a place out in Essex where they have rooms full of machines just doing this. As you can imagine – well, as can be imagined, it creates a problem for the investors in the market, the human investors, that is.’
‘I can imagine,’ insisted St Cloud.
‘It’s quite complex. I should explain this a bit more, perhaps.’
‘There’s no need – ’
‘If you want to sell shares in a company at £50 a share, then the minute you log on to your computer and start trying to do that, one of these high-frequency trading computers will see what you’re doing and sell shares in the same company at £49.’ Pritchard was looking a whole lot more relaxed now; there was colour in his cheeks. Talking about money seemed to have the same effect as masturbating. ‘By doing so the share price will drop – maybe to around £45 – and if you still try to sell them, the high-frequency machines will then buy them and the price will go back up to £50. That means on every share you lost £5, and they gained £1.’
St Cloud remarked: ‘I always had computers down as bastards, anyway.’
‘See, you’re learning. We’ll make a trader of you yet.’
Not fucking likely, thought St Cloud.
Aloud he said, ‘You don’t really need humans at all.’
‘Well, someone’s got to make the money. But you’re getting there. At the point of the transaction, of course, there’s no human intervention at all. Just the algorithm, automatically responding to what it sees going on in the market. Smaller guys, your middle market traders, they spend all day getting sunk by it.’
‘Must hurt.’
‘You’re not kidding.’
‘You and Brightland make these high frequency things?’
‘No, no. The big players do that, the banks everyone loves to hate. We’re on the other side of the net. It was in direct response to this kind of thing that we decided to create dark pools.’
‘That the royal “we”?’
‘A few of us, in the industry. Paul and I were among them.’
‘You still haven’t told me what a dark pool is.’
‘At its most basic, an algorithm. You could come up with ones on Microsoft Excel if you knew enough to do it. In reality it’s a piece of software – actually it’s run as a cloud on the net, but don’t let me confuse you – ’
‘I won’t.’
‘ – that allows traders to act without showing anybody what they’re doing, just matches up buyers and sellers when the price is mutually acceptable. That means those high frequency computers don’t get wind of it until the deal is done. That way they can’t see the buyer’s intentions so they can’t react. The banks and the other major players really hate it, of course.’ Pritchard had a little gleam in his eye. ‘You can probably see it’s about more than just money, of course.’
‘Yes,’ said St Cloud. But he couldn’t.
‘That’s what interested us – the social aspect. Well, the socio-political aspect really. I’ve given talks on it, even. Because it is political, really. Paul calls it the fightback.’
‘The fightback?’
‘Against the money establishment. The banks can invest hundreds of millions in acquiring this high frequency software, and it gives them all the advantages. What that means is that the little guy in the market – the small trader, the average Joe who’s got a few thou in shares – they don’t get a chance to compete. By doing what we did, we created a way for them to do that, to have their place back in the market.’
He looked quite pleased with himself. St Cloud said mischievously:
‘You’re a sort of Robin Hood?’
Pritchard nodded. ‘Exactly.’
St Cloud wondered “exactly” what the fuck Robin Hood had to do with somebody taking money from one lot of rich people and giving it to another lot of rich people. He looked down. There was nothing in the damned notebook. He took hold of the biro, and squiggled deepening grooves until the thing ran black. He was bored, bored, bored by all this money shit. He said lazily,
‘You work in computers, too?’
‘Me? No. Paul was the one with the programming background. I had experience in the financial markets.’
‘What was your meeting?’
‘What?’
‘That Friday night. You said you were driving back from a meeting.’
Pritchard looked a little discomfited by the non-sequitur. 
‘Oh yes. Yes I was. It was with Robert, Robert Lyons.’
‘Who’s he?’
‘My accountant.’
‘Must have been a long meeting, if you didn’t get home til midnight or thereabouts.’
‘Yes. Mr St Cloud – look, do you have a first name?’
‘Michael,’ muttered St Cloud, who liked to be called St Cloud.
‘Michael, I know you’re a bit of a cub about the financial markets, but long days are the norm for us. People from other walks of life might be surprised, but really, it’s not your nine-to-five. People say we earn a lot of money, but really we work for it, you know.’
St Cloud wondered whether he should tell Pritchard about all the hundred hour weeks he had worked when he got paid for forty, and all the Saturday nights eating shitburgers and wondering what colour his house looked in daylight. He decided against it. Pritchard would not understand.
Instead he asked:
‘Whereabouts was the meeting?’
Pritchard looked out of the window again.
‘High Holborn. Robert’s office.’
‘And you drove home? Isn’t Friday night coke and Bollinger night in your business?’
Pritchard’s lips pursed into a little sneery smile. ‘Come. It’s not like that.’
‘Charlie out of work like all the others in the city?’
Pritchard adopted the overly patient tone again. ‘Michael, I’m afraid you’re out of date. Those stereotypes are long gone. You know, it’s a really good job you didn’t have this conversation at a dinner party with any city people there. They might have laughed you out of the room.’
Oh, St Cloud hated that, and Pritchard knew it. He felt his blood boil. He counted to 10, got as far as 3 and said:
‘How did Brightland take it? The news that you’d seen his daughter ready to be stuffed and popped in the oven?’
Pritchard winced.
‘Really, that isn’t necessary.’
‘How did he, though?’
Pritchard shook his head, and then looked back at St Cloud.
‘You can imagine what he said. He was upset about it, and told me to get in touch with the police. Of course, I called them immediately.’
‘You two still best of friends?’
‘I wouldn’t say that.’
‘No?’
‘We’re on good terms. I sold my shares in the company back to Paul, he pretty much owns the lot now. So we don’t have any commercial relationship as such. But if you must know – we’re on good terms.’
‘Do you still see them, the Brightlands?’
‘Socially. Look – does this matter, really?’
‘It does. Mr Pritchard, there aren’t any other witnesses to what happened. I’m stuck with you. So I’m interested in finding out how good a witness you are. And to understand that, I’d like to know how you recognised the girl.’
‘Okay, okay, if you insist.’ He was back to looking out of the window, all white-cheeked and scared again. ‘I get invited to the house every so often. I’ve passed her in the hallway once or twice. Nice enough kid, but I don’t think we’ve said any more than hello to each other. When I saw her on that night I thought she looked familiar. Well – sort of familiar, perhaps. But I couldn’t really be sure it was her – not completely sure, that is.’
That explanation was such a bright yellow St Cloud wished he had sunglasses. Pritchard might be lethal with an algorithm and a copy of the FT, but he wasn’t the man you’d want at midnight in Kennington to fight off rapists or any other vanguard of hell. Probably the only hand-to-hand combat he’d ever had was of the pre-conjugal sort in the school dormitory, fencing hard-ons with the prefects.
‘How was she dressed?’
‘I think she had a top on, sparkly. And a skirt, black I think. A spotty bag. I don’t really remember. I did tell the police, though, so if I remembered it will be in my statement. It had been a long day. I was tired.’
Pritchard looked at his watch.
St Cloud asked, ‘Tired?’
He caught the inflexion. ‘Tired. Not drunk, I can assure you. Sorry to disappoint all your fixed ideas. I don’t drink or do drugs at all.’
St Cloud nodded. The Pritchards would inherit the Earth. And what a frozen place it would be, full of Perrier water, leather sofas, Coldplay downloads. He was fed up with this. He wanted to be out of here.
‘Where you saw her – can you describe it?’
‘There were some shops, closed of course at that time of night. I saw her walking past those. Then I saw the van pull over. I drove past them and pulled up on the other side of the street. When I looked in the rear-view mirror, the van had driven off in the opposite direction. Really, I thought she was just getting a lift home.’
‘That van. What did it look like?’
‘It was blue, I think. I told the police it might have been grey, but really I think it was blue. It was old, maybe it was just shabby. It was a square-type thing with a side door on the passenger side – what’s that, the offside?’
‘The nearside,’ corrected St Cloud. ‘You saw that? I thought you were across the street.’
‘Well, I didn’t exactly see it. But I guessed it had to be like that, because I didn’t actually see her get in – all I saw was that the van stopped, and then drove off again. And there was nobody left behind on the pavement, so I sort of assumed that’s how she must have got into the van.’
There was a silence.
Pritchard said quietly: ‘I didn’t know there were two of them. Or that they both did – well, did it to her – I didn’t think. I didn’t think about it, really.’
St Cloud thought of a lot of horrid things to say, but decided none of them would provide him any information or give him enough of a kick to be worth the effort. He closed the notebook and stood up.
‘Like I said, I’m just looking into it. To see what I can do.’
‘The police must be used to this sort of thing.’
‘Yes.’
‘Are you – a policeman?’
‘No. I’m just doing this as a favour for Brightland.’
‘Yes.’ Pritchard seemed to accept this. ‘Yes, of course. Is there a chance? Of catching these people, I mean.’
St Cloud said diffidently, ‘Perhaps.’
‘Really?’
‘Well, there are opportunities, you provided them yourself – the van, the time, the place. But it’s not just about that, not in today’s world. It’s about intelligence sources, trace evidence, CCTV, mobile phones.’
Pritchard engineered one final check of the watch. ‘I hope that covers it. I really had better be going, you know.’
St Cloud gave up, allowed Pritchard to hurry him out, and watched him swing the TVR up towards Lavender Hill. He spent ten minutes smoking a cigarette and watching a leafy suburb go about its business.



He put the heater on full and coasted along past Nine Elms, which was being readied for the new American Embassy – in the kind of way Nagasaki was readied for peacetime – and Battersea, where the power station sat empty and unloved. Somebody appeared to have given up trying to restore it and had just built a shitty ski-jump there instead, a stupid thing perched on a birds-nest of steel tubes. It looked ridiculous. He drove on past it, past the sprawling dogs’ home, and along the river past MI5, Tommy’s, Lambeth Palace before swinging back inland. He passed the fat, ugly grey building where Chloe Brightland’s intimate swabs were being examined under microscopes, and then turned south to take the back way home, avoiding the traffic of the Elephant and the C-charge. Finally he veered left towards the Oval and stuck hard in the evening traffic. From between clouds came the year’s last, feeble rays of sunshine; all the girls in the 4 x 4s reached for their sunglasses for the last time until the spring. He smiled at them. They looked straight ahead. He wondered behind those compound eyes whether any of the pupils flitted in his direction. Some hope. The traffic chugged on. The sun petered out and left a cold city to contemplate the dead days before Christmas. He tapped the steering wheel to an unheard rhythm. 
He dozed.
The traffic edged south, in little jumps. He looked about him.
He realised with a start that there was a park on one side of the road, a little parade of shops, a lot of tenement blocks. Yes, of course – this was Kennington Lane. He leaned across and looked out at the passing roads. After a few he saw a turning. Fitzalan Street SE11.
Here it was:
The place where Chloe Brightland had been abducted.
He pulled the car over to the right, and swivelled in his seat. He couldn’t see much: an ugly barrier across the central reservation prevented that. Ignoring the red route markings, he stuck his hazards on, got out of the car and crossed the road. Whoever built the barrier hadn’t had this in mind, as he had to climb right over it. Once across he saw a wide pavement, deep-set terraced houses and tenement blocks, just as she had described. He dodged the traffic and after a short walk he found number 160. He stood there for a while, imagining that Friday night: the van pulling up and the driver leaning across to the open window, his partner cock-ready and waiting in the back. As he pictured this he felt like he was in a bubble: the traffic sped by, untouchable and cosseted, people in little warm boxes heading for the river and the bridges and the centre of the city. When he turned back to the pavements all that remained were dirty little shops closing for the day, and dark, cold basements. Even in the busy early evening with the lights on it didn’t look the nicest part of town. He could only imagine it at midnight in the shadows, through the eyes of a 15-year-old private school girl who was playing out of her league. He wandered back across the road, jumped back over the barrier and got into the car, and put the key in the ignition.
Something struck him.
Pritchard.
Hadn’t he too done this, driven south towards the Oval on his way home that night? Yes, if St Cloud kept going now he would find himself back on the A3 and heading to Clapham. This didn’t make a lot of sense, though. Unless Pritchard too had pulled over and climbed right over the barrier, he couldn’t have possibly seen Chloe Brightland walking up the street on the far footway, let alone the van as it pulled up to meet her. St Cloud thought about the little beau and his pretty locks: he couldn’t imagine him getting his coat dirty climbing a prostitute, let alone a grubby metal barrier. And yet Pritchard must have seen the abduction, since there was no way he could have described if he hadn’t – accurately, and independently of Chloe – before he even knew it was an abduction.
He got into the car and lit a cigarette. He had a good, long think about it.
After ten long minutes he had come up with only two possibilities: first, that Pritchard had been riding on the upper floor of a double-decker bus. Pritchard didn’t look like he’d ridden a bus since he was a schoolboy. He dismissed that one. That just left the second possibility: that Pritchard was indeed driving, but in the opposite direction – north towards the river and the city rather than south to Clapham; away from his house, rather than towards it.
Maybe it was just a mistake.
But he remembered all those nervous glances, the window watching, that bouncing on those little feet. Yes, he was certain – absolutely certain – Pritchard was lying. He wondered where the little man really had been going that night, and exactly what it was he needed to lie about.



Bonnie said, ‘We’ll be late. Aren’t you going to get changed?’
He said, ‘I thought I’d go like this.’
‘Absolutely no way.’
‘No?’
‘That jacket, for a start. It’s covered in grime. What have you been doing?’
‘Climbing over a barrier on the central reservation of Kennington Lane.’
She gaped. ‘What?’
‘It doesn’t matter.’
‘Michael – ’
‘What is it?’
‘Sometimes I think you’re a bit mad.’
‘Yes. I know you do.’
‘Get changed, will you? And hurry.’
Remembering Brightland’s thousand pounds, St Cloud hailed a cab and they sat back and glided through town, dark now and lit only by sodium lamps and the occasional dances of yellow leaves, a swirling leitmotif given wings by the cold bluster. The cab went slowly, noisily through deep puddles, the world outside seen through the speckle of fastened raindrops on the cab windows: the Elephant, the Imperial War Museum, Lambeth Palace, to Vauxhall where they pulled up outside Vito’s, a bright little trattoria adjoining a chain hotel.
Inside the place was bright and full of faux Italian pleasures – grapes, Doric columns, pictures of Rome. Amongst these were pictures of Brando and Coppola, black and white photos of the Bar Vitelli in Savoca in the 70s and the words Il Padrino embossed beneath – as if this might lend authenticity. The tables were circular and almost all full, the clientele rough and thirty-something but prettified and rejuvenated by designer clothes, white jewellery, and expensive cut-and-colours. They got shown to a table: there were only two spaces left and to St Cloud’s dismay he saw they were on opposite sides of the table: somebody cruel had made it boy-girl-boy-girl and no partners to hide with. Bonnie sat between Grant and a thickset looking man with a gold neckchain, and sunken, black eyes beneath a coarse monobrow; St Cloud got stuck with Angela and a thin dark girl with scraped hair and square glasses. Everyone had square glasses this year: they hid rounded eyes, oval cheeks, and other unregulated things.
 Angela said, ‘Hello, Michael.’
‘Hi.’
The fox was on fire. She wore an orange halterneck top, which showed perfect arms and shoulders, and a V-shaped necklace; two hand-crafted columns of luscious brown hair dropped on to her collar bone and ended in little inward curves like a ballet dancer’s toes. Between them the dress, the necklace and the haircut all pointed to her tits, like the arrows on a treasure map.
She said, ‘I thought you’d be busy.’
He searched her face for a hint of irony, but saw none: the girl was spit-shallow, so it was a vain search. And of course, “busy” was his usual excuse.
He just said, ‘Oh, no,’ and left it at that.
He spotted a waiter, and ordered a beer.
The thin girl was called Jagdit, and she worked with Angela at whatever office job Angela did, a detail St Cloud had forgotten a long time ago. Happily neither Angela nor Jagdit required him to remember, since the conversation was entirely peripheral: jokes by the water cooler, drunken faux-pas of the managers, “Send to All” email mistakes of the slapper in the next office, a work experience boy who’d never heard of a female orgasm. The actual work didn’t rate a mention. St Cloud guessed it was boring as hell. He tried to make talk with Jagdit, but quickly gave up. The square glasses weren’t so much soul-windows but trompe-l’oeil. She seemed to like him enough, though: she leant over to him with worrying relish. She wore a black top and black trousers, which were meant to be figure hugging but this girl was too thin for even clothes to hug; the seams rode up in little sails at the shoulders and the hips. He never ceased to wonder what made girls want to be wire.
He demolished the Moretti pretty fast, and ordered another one.
Jagdit said warmly, ‘You look like you’re in for the night’; he didn’t reply lest she think he was game; but he demolished the second one quickly nonetheless. He threw a glance across the table. Grant was leaning back, quick eyes darting around the table, hands behind his head, nodding smugly and talking to Bonnie, bragging about something.
The fox said, ‘Do you want another beer, Michael?’
St Cloud nodded, and let his eyes wander over her. Yes, she was something else – if only to look at. He threw another, meaner look at Grant, still trying to impress Bonnie. Maybe this could turn into a pleasant little war. Maybe he could get drunk and ask Angela once again for a fuck. This time it might get a response. But a waiter arrived, and so he forgot about it, and ordered tournedos Rossini and – in the absence of whisky, or another proper drink – another bottle of Moretti.
Somebody yelled out, ‘Anybody having red?’
Jagdit said, ‘I’m having white. You on white, Ang?’
Angela replied, a non-sequitur: ‘We had a good night last night.’
Jagdit said, ‘Too right, girl. Filthy weather, though.’
‘Wasn’t it.’
‘I got soaked waiting for that cab. Forty minute wait. It was manic.’
Angela said, ‘Didn’t you wait under the bridge?’
Jagdit said, ‘It was full of people. Couldn’t all fit under.’
Last night. A filthy night. He remembered it: driving through the storm and hearing Chloe Brightland’s account of being raped, and then getting home and worrying like hell, until Bonnie finally called. He thought about throwing these things into the conversation. He decided not to. There were non-sequiturs and non-sequiturs, after all. He thought about saying something else. He couldn’t think of anything. He never could do these kinds of conversations. He could say vacuous things, of course. But he didn’t know whether they would fit; whether they would be considered optimal, or even suitable, for the purpose.
He said, for the sake of saying something, ‘Grant picked you up, I heard.’
Angela nodded.
Jagdit said, ‘He’s a star, that boy. Must have been knackered.’
Angela said, ‘Up early, as well, gets to the office at 7.’
‘Good work.’ She looked across at Grant and raised a glass to him. Grant, unaware of the conversation, grinned and raised a glass back.
St Cloud pondered suicide for a minute or so.
Angela said, ‘I should have got him to drop you back. Especially if there was a 40 minute wait.’
Jagdit said, ‘No, girl. It’s out of your way.’
Angela said, ‘40 minutes though. No joke.’
Jagdit said, ‘That guy who looked like Chris Rock wanted a cab, too.’
Angela said, ‘Did you share?’
Jagdit said, ‘Wasn’t going south of the river.’
Angela giggled, and darted a look at St Cloud.
He said, confused, ‘Is that a euphemism for something? A blowjob, or something?’
Jagdit’s eyes flashed.
Angela said slowly, ‘No. The guy lived north of the river. He took a different cab.’
He said, ‘Oh,’ and poured another beer.
Across the table Grant said something, and a lot of people laughed, including Bonnie. He looked at her. She had dressed down a little tonight, a green top and a silver necklace, and a neat little skirt that showed off her legs. Even with the fox on fire she was by a million miles the most wondrous thing in the room. He let his eyes drift around the table to the other men – to their faces, to their eyes. Surely they too would see it, see her as he did, vulnerable, perfect, irresistible. Maybe they didn’t. Maybe it was just him. That would seem too much of a miracle.
Next to her the man with the sunken eyes and the stubble said something loud, and brash. People nodded. St Cloud noticed something. Slightly, almost imperceptibly – and organically, of course, not by premeditation or design – the others around the table had slightly altered the angle of their chairs towards him, ever so slightly. St Cloud thought that was pretty interesting, for he had seen it before – in meetings at the Met, when the AC or somebody like her was present. This was old psychology: people point themselves at the most powerful person in the room. The young man looked a little rough, unpolished. St Cloud wondered who he was to receive such an accolade.
He saw with some relief that Bonnie alone was resistant.
The tournedos arrived; he washed the steak down with another beer, and then another. He wasn’t good with beer: pretty soon he found himself feeling a little light-headed and made an excuse, wanting first to go to the bathroom, and then changing his mind and passing through the restaurant to the front door and into the cold night air, where he got out a cigarette and lit it. Outside leaves swirled and sludgy water accumulated in the camber of the road. Cars went past, taxis, their exhaust plumes solid in the chilly air. Up the road an Asian man in an old, beaten up Mondeo read a map – wondering how to avoid the C-charge, St Cloud guessed. The cars stopped, and the road was still. St Cloud lit another cigarette. Two in quick succession. He only did that when he was a little drunk.
He thought about Pritchard, about the nervous looks and the silver TVR on the drive outside his house, and about the abduction. He remembered Kennington Lane, too, and his discovery that Pritchard was lying. Pritchard was a money man; lying was the default setting, perhaps, even pointless lying like this one. He tried to recall what Pritchard was meant to have been doing on the night of the rape – a meeting with his accountant, a guy whose name escaped him. Oh yes, Lyons. Robert Lyons. He ought to look this Lyons up. It might be interesting.
Behind him the restaurant door opened and the young man with the sunken eyes emerged, a mobile phone glued to his ear. He reached into an inside pocket, pulled out a cigarette packet, and fumbled a cigarette into his mouth. Then he put the packet back. All this he did while saying ‘Yeah,’ in a rough monotone into the phone. After a while he cut the call and nodded a greeting to St Cloud.
‘Hello mate, you alright. You got a light?’
It was a South London voice, flat and nasal.
St Cloud brought out a lighter, and obliged. ‘You’re a friend of Grant’s?’
The man nodded. ‘Business acquaintance, actually.’
‘Oh.’ St Cloud said. He remembered Grant was a barrister’s clerk and asked, slightly baffled, ‘A barrister?’
The man scoffed. ‘Barrister? Fuck off, mate. Here, fucking hell, a barrister.’
‘It’s just, I thought – ’
‘That’s a laugh, innit? Here, when you go back in and see Grant you can tell him, tell him you thought I was a fucking barrister. He’ll love it, he’ll fucking love it, mate.’
St Cloud nodded, and decided hell could freeze over before he did that. He was about ask what other “business acquaintance” a barrister’s clerk might have, when the man said,
‘That’s your missus sitting next to me, isn’t it?’
St Cloud nodded.
‘Nice. Fucking nice.’ He took a long drag on his cigarette, as if to show the depth of his appreciation. ‘Mind you, that piece of Grant’s is something else, isn’t it? I mean, fucking hell, that body. Could be in a fucking magazine.’
‘Yes.’ Readers’ Wives, thought St Cloud nastily.
The man said, ‘I’m Ryan, by the way,’ and put his hand out.
St Cloud shook it. He wanted to say “St Cloud” but he gave in to form and murmured, ‘Michael.’ He said, ‘Is your girlfriend or wife – ’
‘No, no. Single man.’
‘Oh.’ He added mischievously, ‘Like the film?’
‘What film?’
‘A Single Man.’
‘Not seen it, mate. What happens?’
‘Nothing much. Somebody dies.’
‘That’s every fucking film, mate. You know what I like? Taxi Driver, mate.’ He adopted an American accent. ‘Are you looking at me? Are you looking at me? Then what the fuck do you think you’re looking at?’ He made the shape of a pistol with his hand, brought the other up to support the wrist, and pretended to fire it at St Cloud’s head. ‘That’s a fucking film, that is. That’s why I suggested this place to Grant. They’re fucking film mad, here. They’ve got photos of De Niro in the basement. De Niro and Pacino on the set of Heat. Fucking brilliant film, that.’
‘You suggested this place?’
‘Yeah.’
He thought for a moment. ‘This get-together – it was your idea?’’
‘Grant’s really. Meant to be for his birthday. But that’s not til January, and I might not be around for it, if you know what I’m talking about. My idea to come here, any rate. And there’s boxing later, you’re coming aren’t you?’
‘Well – ’
‘“White-collar boxing” they call it. Have you ever heard of anything as fucked up as that. Fucking bankers and accountants going three rounds. One of Grant’s lot’s fighting. Some barrister, fighting some twat of a banker. Should be top entertainment, I reckon.’
There came the sound of an engine. St Cloud looked up the street. The old red Mondeo lurched off, the Asian driver looking about him, as if unsure of where he was headed. When it drew up opposite he wound the window down and said, ‘Norwood?’
Ryan found that pretty amusing. ‘You’re having a laugh, mate.’
St Cloud said, ‘You want the A23. Back through Vauxhall to Brixton.’
Ryan said, ‘You want to go back over the bridge, along the river, left and left again.’
The man nodded unsurely, wound the window up, and drove off.
Ryan laughed and clapped his hands. ‘Did you hear that? Do you hear what I told him? Back over the fucking bridge, left and left again. Fuck me, you watch this. It works every time. Give it a minute, that poor fucker will be have done the circuit. Next time we’ll tell him he’s fucked it up, he’s not listened properly, and get him to do the same again. Third time he’d have the fucking hump with us, I reckon.’
A minute passed. The red car didn’t reappear.
St Cloud finished his cigarette. ‘I’m going back in.’
‘Okay mate, I’ll make another call.’ He got out his mobile phone, and keyed in a number. Then, cigarette between his teeth, he looked up the street. ‘Wonder where that old banger’s gone?’
St Cloud said, ‘Maybe he found the A23 after all.’
‘Yeah. Shame.’
St Cloud made his way back through the restaurant, and found Bonnie sitting, cross-legged, talking to a man with short ginger hair and a little tuft of hair beneath his chin. The ginger man reached over to pour her another glass of wine. He looked pretty puffed up. As St Cloud sat down she looked up, momentarily, and then back at the ginger man. The look told him everything he needed to know. She was punishing him tonight. He wondered if she’d had a hand in the seating plan, so she could punish him with Jagdit and Angela. She looked intently at the man, up at his eyes, down at his mouth. Then she looked at St Cloud. Now she was going to punish him by flirting with the ginger fool. Plus ça change, and all that.



Angela was talking to Jagdit. As he sat down the conversation went behind him and then in front of him, trapping him like an invisible skipping rope from some children’s game. Angela was saying, ‘Only been there eighteen months, just really getting on well. And he’s so chilled, know what I mean. Long hours. But you can see it in him, it’s good for him.’
‘That’s fabulous, girl. Fabulous.’
He realised with a sinking heart that they were talking of Grant, and his burgeoning career. Of all the things. After this, of course, they would move on to careers, careers these girls didn’t need but their men did; soon enough Jagdit would say something like, “What do you do, Michael?” and he would have to say, “Sweet fuck all, sugar pops,” or something equally tragic. He looked across at Bonnie. She was nodding, smiling, apparently rapt by the ginger twat and his talk of Portugal or somewhere equally pointless, her hand on the post of his chair behind him, close enough to get him interested, to give his little ginger cock a hard on. St Cloud drew a long breath. Someone had ordered him another beer. This at least was something. He got hold of it and drank it straight from the bottle. He felt Jagdit’s eyes on him. God, he thought, she might even be interested. The thought was horrendous.
People came and went from the table, conversations survived the advent of the returnees, chairs got moved around. Ryan wandered back in and found a seat next to Grant. They got into a conversation, Ryan doing most of the talking, Grant listening, nodding, and saying ‘Yeah’ a lot. To the right of them Bonnie dodged a couple of people so she could take a seat next to the ginger man, shooting only the slightest, cruellest little glance across the table as she did so.
Dessert came and went; St Cloud just had more beer, and then more again. Then a coffee, which did something to stop the rot but not enough: he was tight now. Finally, thankfully, the meal was over and there was some hubbub about the bill. Bonnie just raised a hand when it came to her: girls can do that. St Cloud got out some of Brightland’s soft notes and threw a handful on to the table. People got up. Chairs slid backwards with dry screams. He drifted over and found Bonnie, and took her arm. 
He said, ‘You finished boiling those carrots?’
She replied with a giggle, ‘Maybe.’ She looked about her. ‘Are you going to the boxing thing next door?’
He said, ‘I’d rather take you home and teach you a lesson.’
She demurred, ‘Angela needs me here to support her.’
He looked at the fox in the foxy dress and said, ‘She needs no support, honey, not even from you. She’s magazine material, apparently, according to that ugly bruiser who was sat next to you. You just qualify as “fucking nice”. Which, if you ask me, is an understatement. In fact, it’s the understatement of the century. Let’s go home and I’ll explain further.’
She shook her head. ‘Angela’s getting me another drink. Go next door and do the boxing thing. That’s what all the other boys are doing.’
‘I’m not like other boys.’
She let her hand slide from his and got hold of his belt buckle. ‘I know that, mister.’
He gave her a little kiss. Her eyes fluttered. Then she let go and with a twirl she was gone, following the fox away from the table and back into the bar. With a sinking feeling he realised he was properly drunk. A large hand slapped his shoulder, and propelled him forwards, and he followed the other men through a door and along a corridor; there came the sound of doors opening, and closing, the interrupted buzz of a hand-dryer, the smell of urine and bleach. Then he was through a door, and there was a carpet underneath his feet, and soft lights and furnishings. The hotel next door, he realised at length. Here people stood in little throngs, some smartly dressed, some in jeans. St Cloud’s little column marched across the lobby to the other side, through double doors and into a dark, noisy hall, jammed with people and voices. From ahead there were bright lights, silhouetting raised elbows, little trapeziums of beer glasses, jacketed shoulders. He heard somebody say, ‘I’m going to the bar,’ and somebody else say, ‘Beers all round,’ and his party dissolved into the crowd like cream into coffee. All about him were voices, male voices, shouting, laughing, cursing. He stood tall and looked ahead. In the middle of the hall, brightly lit in the style of these things, was a three-quarter sized boxing ring, and in the middle of it two paunchy looking white men with red rubber headguards were flopping about each other, throwing punches of agonising tiredness. Every floppy punch was greeted with another yell. St Cloud pushed on until he was bathed in the light, close to the front; now the ring was above him and it strained his neck to look at it. A bell rang. A cheer went up, and then died. Somebody unseen placed a cold bottle into his hand. The two fighters pulled their headguards off in a shower of sweat, and wandered round the ring, taking raucous applause and apologetic laughter in equal measure. Then they disappeared from St Cloud’s view, replaced by a man in a black and white striped shirt, who said into a microphone, ‘Five minutes to the next fight.’



There was a hand on his shoulder; it was Ryan’s.
He bent his head close to St Cloud’s ear and said, ‘One of Grant’s lot is the next one. Fighting some twat of a banker. Shitting himself, Grant reckons.’
St Cloud looked to the side of the ring: a couple of overweight thirty-something men were getting boxing gloves tied on. St Cloud noticed that alongside them in the first few rows everybody wore dinner suits, and here – and here alone – there were women, dressed to the nines and laughing and clapping, purring opulence – the wives of the barristers and the bankers, St Cloud imagined, or female colleagues, wanting to show they could do post-ironic slumming for the evening. Behind them were men, dressed up. The supporters, the bankers and barristers, the white collars themselves. They drank glasses of wine, and talked and nodded and laughed, in equal measure. St Cloud thought again of Pritchard. He was a banker, wasn’t he – well, a banker of sorts, anyhow. Brightland had brought the computer know-how and Pritchard the financial nous. He looked at the two getting their gloves tied up; no, he couldn’t imagine that little coward going three rounds with anybody. 
The men took their places in the ring, awkwardly climbing through the ropes, and then giving little energetic bursts once on the other side, as if to cover their lack of professionalism; neither of them looked fit enough for this kind of caper. As ever, the sight of amateurs made the spectators realise all the details they did not notice about the professionals: the lean bodies, the ease of movement, the jumping, energetic little steps, the epic physical fitness to go even three rounds. The men touched gloves; they looked a mess. The referee said something to both of them, which might have been advice to go home to Surrey and forget the whole shebang, or might have been something to do with the rules. Ryan said,
‘This is fucked, isn’t it?’
Grant appeared at Ryan’s shoulder. ‘That’s him,’ he said over the noise. ‘In the blue shorts. Gideon Carter-Foy. He’s ours.’
Ryan said, ‘The other geezer’s a banker?’
‘Merchant banker.’
‘Fucking merchant banker. That’s tops, innit?’ He turned to St Cloud, ‘Michael, you hear that. Grant’s man’s fighting a merchant fucking banker. For real.’
The bell rang. The two men drew apart, then with slow and leaden movements started to aim punches at one another, the gloves making slow arcs through the air. The first couple missed and got whoops from the crowd. Then Carter-Foy landed a roundhouse on to the banker’s left ear, which brought a cheer from the throng, a roar from Ryan, a clap from Grant, a scream from a woman who may or may not have been a banker’s wife. A moment later the banker dropped his guard and Carter-Foy landed another, second punch, this one on the jaw, which rocked his opponent back on his heels.
‘Fucking brilliant,’ commented Ryan. He turned to Grant and said, ‘I hope he’s as fucking sharp as that when he’s doing the business in court.’
Grant nodded neutrally.
Then Ryan said, ‘Or the fucker might get a proper roundhouse, know what I mean.’
Grant’s mouth twitched; his eye caught St Cloud’s. St Cloud looked away. Above the two men locked in a tired hug and came flinging into the ropes above them, which absorbed them and then slung them backwards; little speckles of sweat flew down over the crowd. The bell rang.
Grant said, ‘Let’s get another beer, yeah?’
Ryan replied, ‘In a minute, in a minute.’
The boxers retreated to their corners. St Cloud finished his beer and looked back at the rows of seating, at the wives and girlfriends and the men in tuxedoes. Scanning the line he saw an overweight man in his early 50s, with bulging eyes and side-parted grey hair, wearing a smart jacket and a frilly shirt. The face was vaguely familiar: for a moment he struggled to recall it, and then realised with surprise that it was Dennis Pugh, a minor celebrity, familiar from daytime chat shows and red tops, an Oxbridge education and a lifelong struggle with alcohol, a grabbing wife, and closet homosexuality. Pugh had a tumbler in his hand and he nursed it, his oval face intent on the contents.
The bell rang. This time the fighters fell straight into a bear hug; there was little pretence at throwing punches, now. Carter-Foy’s greying blonde hair was plastered across his head and his flabby shoulders glistened with sweat; there was a little blood under the banker’s nose. The crowd started giving them the bird; the referee stepped in to separate them, but they merely fell back into the bear hug once again.
Grant said, ‘They look knackered, to me.’
Ryan yelled, ‘Fucking pussies! Get the fuck on with it.’
Grant sniffed and looked forwards. St Cloud guessed that he might not be that enamoured to hear one of the barristers in his chambers called a “pussy”; it wasn’t exactly the bowing and scraping that was considered de rigueur from a junior clerk. St Cloud looked back at Dennis Pugh. He stared at the boxing ring. A moment later a man threaded his way through the crowd and sat down next to him. The man had long curly blonde hair and a broken nose, and unlike Pugh he wore jeans and trainers. He too looked familiar to St Cloud, and he guessed he must be another celebrity in the C-class, too.
Ryan said, ‘Jesus. Fuck it.’
St Cloud turned. To his surprise, Ryan was looking in the same direction as he was: at Dennis Pugh and his companion. Except whereas St Cloud looked with idle curiosity, Ryan’s face had hardened into something else: a ferocious look. But it was more than that. He drank quickly from the bottle. A bead of sweat appeared on his broad brow, and the black eyes stared. St Cloud was astonished.
The young man was frightened. 
The two boxers fell apart, finally; and Carter-Foy managed to land a jab, which brought cheers of relief from the crowd.
Grant said, ‘That’s better, he’s getting – ’
Ryan said, ‘Fuck this, Grant. I’ve got to go, mate.’
Grant said, ‘Go?’
‘Yeah, yeah.’
Ryan put his beer on the floor and turned and shook Grant’s hand. Then he did the same to St Cloud; over his shoulder St Cloud could see a baffled look in Grant’s eye. With one final look at towards the seating area, he was gone. Grant looked after him, shrugged, and carried on drinking his beer. St Cloud looked back across the room. Dennis Pugh and his two companions continued to watch the boxing, such as it was. Neither of them seemed to have noticed Ryan, or his exit.
A soft hand touched his back. Jagdit was there. She said, ‘Hello, handsome, deserted us for macho man stuff, have you,’ and ruffled his hair. Behind her came Angela, who wandered over to Grant. A lot of heads turned away from the boxing, and there were murmurs. Grant grinned broadly, and turned to the boxing. 
Angela said, ‘How’s your one getting on?’
Grant said, ‘He’s taking this twat to pieces.’
St Cloud looked around him and said to Angela, ‘Where’s Bonnie?’
Angela said, ‘In the bar, still.’
He turned and made his way back through the crowd and across the hotel lobby, and the back through the connecting door and corridor to the restaurant. He found her sitting on a stool, listening to the ginger man. She looked pretty bored; he wondered how much longer she could put up with it. When she saw him she slid off the stool.
She said, ‘Didn’t you enjoy the boxing?’
‘No.’
‘Sourpuss.’
‘Let’s go home.’
She looked around, at the bar, at the ginger man, who studiously avoided her and poured beer out of his bottle. ‘Okay.’
They went outside. The cold air was a shock, after the sweaty fug of the boxing hall and the heat of so many bodies. St Cloud looked up the street. There was no sign of Ryan.



St Cloud said, ‘Be a doll for once and make me breakfast.’
Bonnie said, ‘Be a man then, and get us some food.’
‘Isn’t there some in the kitchen?’
‘No.’
‘None?’
‘None.’
He climbed out of bed with a groan. She turned over and went back to sleep. He wondered whether he shouldn’t get a little tougher with her, sometimes – whether it mightn’t be good for her.
Sensing this, she opened an eye.
He said, ‘I love you, lazy girl.’
She said, ‘Me too, lazy boy. Despite everything.’
Outside there was a nasty little wind sprung up, an insidious, ghoulish thing that snaked around necks and tickled limbs. It wasn’t early – not by anybody else’s standards – but there were very few people about, just the odd pedestrian hunched, collar-up, hurrying, desperate to get to their destination. So much for the passers-through; the permanent population, those ever-famous characters of the Walworth Road – the silent dancer, the man in the purple skirt, the tooth fairy, the pinching-woman – for once they were nowhere to be seen. It was a day to travel through, to survive, to cling to warmth wherever it happened to be.
 He went to the little supermarket in the Walworth Road, a small express version of a corporate monolith, built as a sop in order to get a planning application through for one of their Death Stars on cheaper land further south. Something of this expedient birth was evoked in the atmosphere; it had a tawdry, unloved air, despite which – or perhaps because of it – St Cloud preferred it. He cogitated over buying proper food – cereal, muesli, something like that – then gave it up and bought eggs and bacon, coffee and cigarettes. The muesli packets told him in screaming letters all the reasons why he was making a mistake. He decided to ignore them. He’d had a tough night. A man needed something substantial after a night like that.
He wandered outside and lit a cigarette, sat on one of the bird-stained benches outside the shop and watched for a while. Slowly the world came to life. Then he got up and walked back to Cadiz Street. 
Cadiz Street is a short street, a curious, asymmetrical street. At the far end of it stands a collection of low-rise tower blocks, sienna and grey, the blocks they built after Hitler had his fun, homes meant for heroes but fit for Fagin. This is the periphery of the Aylesbury, another estate condemned now to destruction, the last of a triptych that started with the North Peckham and followed with the Heygate. Below these tower blocks there is a single run of plain terraced houses, plainer than thought possible – just windows and doors, as the Victorians might have imagined minimalism. This ends abruptly at an alley, which passes all the way to a hidden gem, Liverpool Grove. Opposite, where one imagines another terrace of identical houses once stood, is a solid brick wall – the back of an old-fashioned department store which fronts on to the Walworth Road proper. No houses on this side of the street means no odd numbers – except for one: number 1, not on Cadiz Street proper but halfway along the alleyway. The prominence of the number belies the nature of the house, which is an afterthought, an addendum, the only house in the alley – St Cloud’s house.
Today there were two men standing outside it. 



St Cloud had an uneasy feeling. The first floor window was misted up: Bonnie in the bathroom, taking one of her interminable showers. Perhaps the men had knocked. Perhaps she hadn’t heard. Perhaps she hadn’t cared to answer.
Perhaps.
The trouble that had lost St Cloud his job had never really gone away. Officially it was done with, but he wasn’t a fool and he knew that consequences ran deeper than the verdict of a disciplinary hearing, or a Coroner’s invitation to stand. He expected something further. He expected another reckoning.
And maybe this was it.
One of the men turned his head, saw him approaching, and took a few steps towards him. He was a tall man with a thin face, a Roman nose, hawk eyes, two days of beard growth, a face that had captured a hard life as faithfully as videotape.
St Cloud said, ‘Do you want something?’
The man said: ‘You’re St Cloud, aren’t you?’
‘About time.’ Behind him a shorter, more thickset man appeared. This one had a bald, round head and wore a puffa jacket. The effect was to make him look like a beach ball. St Cloud resisted the temptation to roll him down the alleyway. 
‘Well, aren’t you?’ The thin man said again.
St Cloud looked more closely at the nasty face. It was vaguely familiar.
He said, ‘I know you, don’t I?’
‘I expect so. My name’s Chilvers.’
‘You’re in the job, aren’t you?’
‘That’s right.’
‘A DC, Flying Squad or somewhere.’
‘A DS, actually. Operation Trident.’
‘Oh. Yes, I remember now.’
The man said neutrally, ‘You helped us out on a job in Bermondsey a few years back.’
St Cloud remembered. ‘Leon Bassett. Shot in a stairwell on the Silwood.’
The beach ball said, ‘Can we get on with it? It’s cold out here.’
‘This is DC Wilson,’ said Chilvers, indicating the other. ‘He’s new to our firm.’
St Cloud grunted. ‘What the hell are you doing, lurking outside my house?’
Chilvers replied, ‘We need to talk to you.’
The beach ball put in, ‘You’re in a spot of bother, sunshine.’
St Cloud bristled. ‘Well, you could phone me. Or put an ad in the Metro. “To the tall man with the plastic bag. I was the ugly little copper with the bald head. Let’s make music”.’
The beach ball said, ‘You cheeky fucker.’
Chilvers said quickly: ‘We need to talk to you privately.’ He looked up the street. ‘Let’s go inside.’
St Cloud eyed the misted window and said, ‘No. No, somewhere else.’
‘Okay then.’
They went back out to the Walworth Road and found the Red Lion, which was empty but for the usual couple of drunks with dogs. St Cloud had always avoided the place. Inside it was suffering an identity crisis. It was trying to be modern, bare, minimalist. But all in vain. The drunks with dogs wanted chintz not chic, and the girls with the tats and hooped earrings wanted clubs to get smashed in and toilets to pop pills and suck cocks in. Behind the bar a young man with a dyed-blonde goatee did Killer Sudoku, while an anachronistic CD played a big band version of Always True to You in My Fashion, which would have been more at home in the Retro bar or the Astoria. Actually St Cloud liked it; it might have been his theme tune.
Chilvers bought drinks, Cokes all round. They couldn’t have looked more like Old Bill if they’d worn suits in Faces a week before Christmas. St Cloud dropped the polythene bag containing the eggs and bacon and took a seat opposite the two detectives. He caught the reflection of a clock in the mirror behind the bar.
Bonnie would notice he was gone, soon.
Chilvers said, ‘We took a new job a few weeks back. Operation Codringtown.’
The Murder Command calls investigations after obscure English villages: front-page horrors and other causes célebre besmirch rural idylls without their residents ever knowing.
‘Somalian boy called Jamed Jama. Got shot in Blackheath. Pretty usual stuff. Single shot to the head. No witnesses. Poor quality CCTV shows a group of lads running around the right time, about two streets away. No shell cases, so we thought the gun was a revolver – though the council very helpfully sent the gully cleaner round between it happening and us cordoning it off, and it turns from the PM that it’s an automatic. Likely to be a Glock, 9 mil, diagonal marks or something.’
St Cloud remarked, ‘Polygonal rifling.’
‘That’s it. Well, we haven’t got it back. And nobody’s been nicked yet.’
Chilvers sipped his Coke. ‘Lots of weary intelligence work going on. The kid knew everybody, and everybody the kid knew knows everybody, and everybody’s got a different idea who shot him and why. It’s a mess. One of those jobs where you just sift through shit all day long. It’s fair to say it’s not the kind of job we’d have been asking for your help on – if you’d still been on board, that is.’
So it wasn’t a consultancy call. And it wasn’t one of his old jobs gone bendy, always a possibility with kind of jobs he used to do. Which ruled out the only two legitimate reasons St Cloud could conjure up to explain why these two goons had frogmarched him to a dismal pub on a cold morning. He looked from one to the other. The beach ball nursed his drink. Chilvers pursed his lips. Neither of them said anything. It was going to be like this: slow-slow, quick-quick-slow. St Cloud had seen these tactics before. “Staged disclosure” – that was the official term.
‘Jama had gone to pick up a bit of gear – crack, we’re talking – earlier on that evening, and he didn’t have any on him when we searched his clothing at the hospital. So we’re guessing it’s gone west. That’s not the only thing, either. Jama’s mobile phone was stolen by whoever shot him. The sim card’s vanished off the face of the Earth, but not the handset. We’re doing a bit of work around that. Handset went dead at first, like you’d expect – but then it came alive a few days later. New sim card in it. Number’s not on any of our systems.’ Chilvers avoided St Cloud’s eye. ‘We’re monitoring it and getting subscriber checks on all those it calls. A lot of them are pay-as-you-go. No dice with those, obviously.’
This was usual enough. Non-contract phones were rarely registered, and then only to law-abiding people over thirty. 
Another pause. Wilson sniffed. Chilvers clicked his teeth, like West Indians do when they want you to stop eyeing their girls. Finally he said:
‘Look, it comes down to this – the reason we’re here is that Jama’s handset, with the new sim card in it, made calls to a couple of numbers – Sunday night and in the early hours of Monday morning.’
‘And?’
He had a feeling he knew what was coming next.
‘And one of those numbers, Michael, belongs to you.’
He took a draught of Coke, long and slow. Chilvers did likewise. The beach ball rubbed his hands and looked out of the window. The barman braved more lethal number-games. Nancy Anderson, or whoever it was, sang of taking oil magnates for suckers with sex. 
St Cloud said: ‘Sunday night? Are you sure?’
‘Yes.’
A filthy night: a night of uproar, of thunder, of slashing rain. A night of fitful sleep, of waiting and worrying, until – finally –  
He said, ‘I’m not sure if I got any calls.’
Chilvers said stoically, ‘We are.’
St Cloud said casually, ‘It was a hell of a night, what with that storm. You sure it didn’t make the networks play up?’
‘Sure.’
‘Because I don’t remember anybody calling me, Sunday night.’
Chilvers screwed his face up. ‘That would be a bit surprising, wouldn’t it? I mean, for you to forget a conversation with somebody – less than 36 hours later.’
St Cloud considered this.
‘Perhaps. Some conversations are more forgettable than others. This one sticks like Velcro on a glue sniffer’s moustache.’
‘Quit fooling, Michael, it’s no good. And quit the Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind stuff.’
‘I told you, I don’t remember getting any calls. And if you find that surprising, that’s up to you.’
‘I think we’d all find that surprising.’
 ‘Surprising like telling me some dead drug boy’s phone has been ringing mine?’
‘Maybe you need some time to think about it.’
‘I’ve had time. Plenty. In amongst your occasional pauses for breath.’
‘Michael –’
 ‘And I don’t know what the hell you’re talking about.’
Chilvers leant backwards, and put his palms face down on the table. ‘Come on, Michael, for fuck’s sake. You know how this stuff works. In fact, unlike me, you probably literally know how it works. All I know is what the numbers tell me. And the numbers tell me you’ve had contact with Jama’s phone. To be clearer, with the person who is currently in possession of Jama’s phone.’
He chewed this over, and said, ‘I know how it works. But that’s all I know.’
‘Jesus, Michael. Talk to us.’
‘I’m talking to you. And what I’m saying is, I’m afraid I don’t remember any calls on Sunday night.’
The thin, rough man sighed, looked to his colleague for inspiration, didn’t find any, and expelled a frustrated cloud of air. ‘Okay, if you want. For what it’s worth, I think you’re mad as a box of frogs. If you want it like that, you can have it like that. But you need to listen to me. Mick Burgess is the SIO. You might know him from old. Simon Brigg, the Superintendent, wanted to do this properly but Burgess is a good guy, and he decided it would be better if we spoke to you in private, especially given your history. But if you don’t want to accept a favour, then don’t.’
‘This is a favour, is it?’
‘Yes.’
St Cloud felt his blood boil. ‘A favour, “given my history”?’
‘Don’t get – ’
He yelled, ‘What the fuck does that mean?’
‘Look – ’
‘You’re doing this because I used to work for you? Or because I stopped working for you? Which is it? Or is it because of exactly how I stopped working for you?’
The beach ball spoke in a reedy voice. ‘Like he says, Burgess is a good guy. So he’s right. This is helping you out, mate.’
‘I’m not your fucking mate.’
They glared at one another, to the sound of a big band.
Chilvers said, ‘Michael, calm down a bit. There’s no need to be like this. Look – I’ll tell you something I shouldn’t. Burgess doesn’t really think there’s anything in it. One of those things that turn up, you know how it is, you’ve seen it a thousand times, like we have. We get subscriber checks done and have to follow them through. There’s no law against somebody ringing your phone, you could say they did it by mistake or by accident. But think about it, Michael. We can’t just assume that. I don’t know what you’re up to now, but someone who knows the Assistant Commissioner reckons you’re doing some sort of private business. Well, you can see how it looks, can’t you, if you’re doing private business and you get a dirty call. You can no-comment it all the way, if you like, but I really don’t think you should consider that, not unless you’re protecting someone whose life is in the balance. Or you’re running an informant.’
‘I don’t run informants. And nobody’s life is in the balance.’
Wilson said, ‘Yours could be. In a manner of speaking.’
St Cloud stared at him. ‘Are you threatening me, you little fucking –’
‘Look!’ Chilvers banged the table and yelled, ‘You listen to me. You don’t talk to us like that. You might have been able to a couple of years ago, when you were the AC’s blue-eyed boy. But not now. You’re not in the same position. You’re in the same position as everyone else is. Which is GPS coordinates absolutely fucking nowhere. Tiring as it is, you have to explain something like this to people like us, in simple terms we can understand, such as who called you the night before last, what they said, what you said. Q E fucking D.’
St Cloud said, ‘If I can’t remember – ’
‘Enough.’
There was a scrape as Chilvers’ chair flew backwards. The bar-boy looked up at the outburst, just for a moment, before Killer Sudoku restored its opiate grip. St Cloud backed his chair away from the table, and said, slowly and deliberately: ‘I’ve told you once. I’m not telling you again. I don’t remember any calls on Sunday night.’
Chilvers, breathing mechanically, sat down again. ‘Okay, Michael, have it your way. Probably nothing will come of it. Depends on Burgess, but I’ll tell you this. He’s got Simon Brigg all over him, and Brigg is a cock. So it might have to be proper next time, you know, an ABE.’
An ABE means an interview under caution at a police station, on tape, a solicitor present.
‘I’ll take what comes to me.’ St Cloud stood up, leaving the Coke half-drunk, and grabbed the carrier bag.
They let him go. He didn’t stop to say goodbye.
Bonnie was drying her hair when he got back.
‘You were ages.’
‘Yes, sorry. I bumped into somebody I used to know.’
He cracked open the eggs. She went back to the hair dryer; the sound droned out the hum of a million thoughts in his head, all of them bad ones.



The Elephant has a shopping centre, which is its life and soul. Inside it feels like a Third World airport – shabby people, disquieting smells, eccentric shops selling hideous tat. In November they hang little dotted neon lights in the shape of a Christmas tree in one of the windows, in order to cheer everyone up. It doesn’t. About halfway along on the ground floor there is a little hour-token internet café, where you can find Koreans checking to see whether home has been nuked, Kosovars googling best-deal bowie knives and Jamaicans looking for the quickest non-surgical way to get a knotted condom out of a mule. Since St Cloud’s old laptop appeared – finally – to have died, he found himself having no choice but to join this unholy rabble whenever he wanted to surf the net. He found a booth and took a seat; the seat was thin and uncomfortable; there was a pitiful dirge from the computers; the place smelled of disinfectant and jerk chicken. All this was an ordeal. 
He found Robert Lyons easily enough, since he had a website which helpfully offered up an eponymous accountancy firm, an address at 567 High Holborn EC2 and a landline. He wrote all of these things in the blue notebook underneath yesterday’s sharp, scratchy grooves. Then he got out his phone and dialled the number on the screen, and got put through by a secretary.
‘Robert Lyons?’
‘Yes?’
‘My name is St Cloud. I’m working on behalf of Paul Brightland.’
‘What do you want?’
St Cloud said, ‘I need to ask you a couple of questions.’
‘About what?’
‘I’d rather not say on the phone. Can we meet up somewhere?’
‘Not really.’
‘No?’
‘No. I’m busy.’
Lyons didn’t exactly sound full of largesse.
St Cloud said, ‘Really, it’s quite important.’
‘If you could tell me what it’s about –?’
‘It’s to do with your friend, Simon Pritchard.’
‘What about him?’
‘I’d rather discuss it in person.’
There was a pause, before Lyons said briskly: ‘Perhaps after I finish work. I take the train out of Waterloo. If you could be there at 6, I could spare ten minutes or so.’
‘Fine. Where exactly?’
‘There’s a pub opposite the station entrance.’
St Cloud knew it. ‘The Wellington. I’ll be there at 6, then.’
‘Goodbye.’
He killed the call. Then he went to ring Bonnie, and remembered that her phone wasn’t working. She was borrowing Angela’s.
Yes, she was borrowing Angela’s.



Angela’s lent me her new one – she was only using it as a spare at the moment –
A dirty call, Chilvers had called it. It was a damned good description. He should have said something to her earlier, over bacon and eggs; he should have told her about the encounter with the policemen. He didn’t know why he hadn’t. Maybe because it would have ruined the rapprochement. Maybe because it would have frightened her. Maybe because – 
Because he didn’t want her sullied. This was it, of course. She was his clean, beautiful Bonnie, and he didn’t want her any other way. He didn’t want her brought down with talk of dead Somalian boys, of shots to the head, of stolen phones and stolen drugs. He had kept her away from that world while he worked amongst it, and now he had left it he wanted her kept away from it still. But it wasn’t up to him – he realised that now, of course. He could protect her, but not from everything – and not this. It was Angela, Angela who had lent her the phone that made the call, the call that he had waited for so desperately and that had relieved him so, on that apocalyptic stormy night. All his protection of Bonnie was in vain – this was obvious, now. All it took was a dead battery, and borrowed phone – and they had got to her.
They had got to her. Angela would know nothing, of course. She probably hadn’t even have noticed the story about the Blackheath murder as she turned the pages to see what some brainless clothes-horse was wearing this week. Angela was only the conduit. It was the hand of the grubby little barristers’ clerk at work, here: that little shit, Grant.
St Cloud wasn’t naïve about lawyers. He had been around them long enough to understand their empty morals and their full wallets. And he knew that certain lawyers got close to their clients; closer than they would have their dinner party guests know. There were deals, trades, unofficial meetings, all of which nudged at a line; and beyond it there were murkier things – coercion, favours. Meetings would take place away from the office, in cafés or ochre pubs, amongst the gin rituals of toothless termagants; and payment might not come by cheque or credit card, it might be a roll of old notes, cigarettes with French health warnings, a mobile phone, an ipod.
But in St Cloud’s experience these were solicitors. The barristers he had always seen as a cut above. Last night, however, had served to disabuse him of this – not least the unedifying sight of one of Grant’s barristers, boxing like a fool. He remembered the name: Gideon Carter-Foy. And they all did defence work, of course – instructed by those same bent solicitors. There was room for a backhander or two, no doubt, if the barrister needed to be encouraged to take a case, drop a witness, ignore the elasticity of the truth in a defendant’s account. And perhaps – perhaps a little favour from the client for the clerk who could set up the meetings, perhaps an envelope full of cash, perhaps – just perhaps – a nice new mobile phone minus a sim card, and no questions asked. Perhaps it went with the job, like the police giving methadone money to a grass. It would appeal to Grant, he thought: a shiny new trinket for the fox, a present that might keep her happy, might persuade her not to get in a taxi with the next rich man she met, might act as a sticking-plaster on her hollow, inconsequential existence.
This was too deep, of course. It was simpler than this.
He remembered snatches of conversation from last night:
Business acquaintance, actually - 
I hope he’s as fucking sharp as that when he’s doing the business in court - 
Ryan, he of the sunken eyes and the stubble and the monobrow. Of course – Ryan was a client. And that crack about not being around in January for Grant’s birthday – he was a defendant with the prospect of jail ahead of him. He remembered those conversations, Ryan doing the talking and Grant doing the nodding and the Yeah Yeah Yeahs. There was business going on there between Grant and Ryan, the client and the clerk, the one suggesting a night out, and the other kowtowing like a lapdog, nodding his little head at everything that was said, in pitiable thrall to a man heading for prison. 
A man who might very well have shot Jamed Jama in the head.
The boy’s blood-spattered phone had been cleaned up, had made its way to Grant, and to Angela – and finally to Bonnie. In the middle of the thunder and lightning of Sunday night she had called him from it. The fragile notion that he could protect her was burst like a bubble, like other illusions: that he had left these cares behind him, that he might ever escape the likes of Chilvers and Wilson. That filthy call on that filthy night would bring them galloping back – the forces of law and order, the forces of hell.
He went back to the computer and started trawling through websites of barristers’ chambers in the Temple. The clerks weren’t listed, so he went to the lists of barristers, instead and looked for Gideon Carter-Foy. Soon he found the place he was looking for – the Jackson Ellis Chambers, 31 King’s Bench Walk. He wrote the address down in the book. Yes, he would go and find Grant, and vent his spleen. He didn’t know what else he could do.



He tried the direct route but the Newington Causeway was solid, so he did a Uey back towards the Elephant, and then ambled along the Old Kent Road to Greenwich and under the Thames at Blackwall. It was the long way round. But then so was everything, he was discovering.
Out of the tunnel he took a left past Billingsgate and the feet of those steel gods of Canary Wharf. There was no sign of these darker times: at the tops the lights flashed, and the corporate logos red-lit the grey sky, just like they always had. Of course, people might have been throwing themselves out of the windows just because the market dipped below 9,000 points; but it was too far up to see. At the next junction he preferred the shabby calm of West India Dock to the Orwellian cameras of the Limehouse Link, and then he took  the Commercial Road, past the sabre-toothed tat of Jewish tailors, gruesome golden arches, Bengali grocers, to Aldgate, and then beyond, to the Monument, to the Bank.
He found a side street and parked up. This was another world. Advertising boards that elsewhere sold rock reunions and stoner movies here pitched photos of corpulent hedge-fund managers in shirts and ties, above knowing, unintelligible strap lines. Groups of smart young men spent the lunch hour gathered like little grey clouds outside dark-wood pubs, pretending they had interests other than just accumulating other people’s money. And above them the empty spires of glass hotels spoke eloquently of the decline and fall of all this bullshit.
St Cloud walked the rest of the way: through the temple of Mammon to the Temple itself.
The Temple is one of those parts of town that small cube-shape novelty books call “Hidden London”. This might seem disingenuous, since it has a tube station of its own on the Circle and District, one stop from that subterranean thoroughfare, the Embankment. Yet the description is accurate, for the tube station is dislocated from the Temple itself – instead a strange, single storey stone building in the middle of a bunch of gardens by the river, convenient only for those who want to look at Cleopatra’s Needle or visit a tired Australian bar. To find the Temple proper, one must either know the secret doglegs and gates in the walls – or follow a man in a handmade shirt.
Inside, the place is like a posh Disneyland, or the set of this year’s period drama. Perfect Georgian townhouses sit cheek-by-jowl, decorated by wide flagstone paths, and here and there a little horse chestnut tree sits and rustles in the breeze. Wrought iron railings frame impossibly perfect gardens, in summer a mixture of blooming bougainvillea and sexually desirable secretaries munching organic salads with foldout forks. Here and there through a leaded light window can be spied a book-lined meeting room or office, unaltered since the turn of the century – any century – and a capacious lawyer replete with fringe and braces, peering over reading glasses at his handmade shoes, devoid of any tube dirt or dog shit. Dotted amongst this little paradise are wooden benches where one can sit and watch tall, bewigged pile drivers of pomposity lead scurrying clerks laden with papers tied with ribbons like children’s party bags, where one can look in wonder at the surroundings and try to imagine how equally perfect any part of any city might be – if they first removed the taxpayer’s money to construct it, and then removed the taxpayers themselves to rarefy it.  
  St Cloud found the Jackson Ellis Chambers at the very far end of the place, near to where the road doubles as a parking lot for Bentleys, a brick building identical to the others in the row. As is the custom here, little painted boards were attached to the side of the front door, listing the judges and barristers who operated out of the place. St Cloud peered through the window at the office on the ground floor. It was empty, but for a pretty girl with a dark bob haircut typing away at a computer. He wandered back across the street. There was a little café opposite, the lights on in the gloom, grey haired men and Hitchcock blondes in a couple of the windows. As he turned back he saw Grant emerge from the door of the chambers, skip down the steps, and head off to a side road, past a little grey cabin with a fluorescent vehicle barrier, and off in the direction of Blackfriars.
St Cloud followed.
Ahead he noted Grant’s black brogues, his three-piece grey suit, his black felt overcoat. He was nothing, this little man. The clothes might have given his poor, grateful barrow-boy grandfather a hard-on, but to St Cloud they made him appear little more than a white, working class Uncle Tom. He ambled along, looking here and there in shop windows, stopping at his reflection to adjust his little quiff with a flick of his fingers. He took a left, and then another. This was a dead end, closed to vehicles, office blocks on all three sides, and in one corner a small parade of expensive-looking shops. Grant walked over and entered one of them. A chocolate shop. That figured for stupidity. St Cloud took out a cigarette and lit it.
Then something rather odd happened.
A motorbike turned into the street, and stopped under a sign that said, “Pedestrians only”. The rider wore leathers, a black helmet, black boots. He got off the bike and looked at the parade of shops and then – for a full ten seconds – at St Cloud. Then he pulled the bike over to the side of the road, turned off the engine, put the bike on the stand, dropped to his knees, and started fiddling with something on the engine. At the intersection with the road a traffic warden stood and looked down the cul-de-sac: the man stood, pointed at the bike, and gave an exaggerated shrug. Then he dropped back to his haunches and carried on fiddling with something. Whatever he was doing, it seemed to take an age.
The traffic warden walked off.
St Cloud was a little unnerved. 
Suppose – just suppose – he wasn’t the only one following Grant. The stolen phone, their holy grail, had been through his hands. They might know this already. If they did, they might not necessarily pick him up – might favour instead a period of surveillance, to see who he met, talked to, to find whoever gave him the phone in the first place. St Cloud looked across at the motorbike. The rider carried on fiddling with something. He was too big to be Chilvers or Wilson. But the man was taking too long, far too long – to fix a bike, a bike that did not need fixing. St Cloud took a drag of the cigarette, and looked around. He could be about to land in a hell of a lot of shit. If he was right – if they clocked him here now, meeting Grant – then his days of playing Henry Fonda were over. 
Grant came out of the shop, carrying a small, wrapped box. The man with the motorbike looked up, momentarily, and then turned and looked across at St Cloud. St Cloud threw the cigarette down, turned on his heel and walked back to the junction. When he reached it he turned and saw Grant about fifty yards behind. He didn’t seem to have noticed St Cloud. There was no sign of the motorbike. Back in King’s Bench Walk he crossed quickly over to the café on the opposite side of the street, in time to watch Grant enter the front door of the chambers opposite. As he did so a motorbike reached the security cabin and stopped, did a three-point turn and disappeared from view.
Through the lit window of the Jackson Ellis Chambers he saw Grant enter the office. The pretty girl with the dark bob haircut stood and walked up to the window. The next moment the scene inside disappeared, replaced by the blades of the blinds. Before he had time to think better of it, St Cloud walked briskly across the road, through the brick archway, and into the lobby. To the left he saw a door with a sign that read “Reception”. He gripped the door handle, and pulled it open.
Inside were two figures, locked together.
They drew apart.
He found the light switch, and flicked it on. Grant and the girl with the bob were standing, inches apart. There were torn wrappings and an open box on the desk.
The girl was the first to regain her composure.
She said, ‘Yes?’
Grant said, ‘Michael?’
St Cloud looked them both up and down, then said: ‘I was passing. I saw you on the street.’
‘You did?’
‘Yes.’
‘Oh. Right.’
He thought about the phone, the phone he had given to Angela, that Angela had given to Bonnie, the phone that came from a dead boy’s pocket. He fumbled for words. None would come.
Instead he said, ‘I wanted to say thanks. For inviting us last night.’
‘It’s nothing.’ He studied his toes. Then he looked back at St Cloud, defiantly.
St Cloud said to the girl, matter-of-factly, ‘Grant and I know each other.’
She looked uncertainly from one to the other. The little man glared. In the harsh glow of the overhead strip light St Cloud could see bruises on her arms, and tragedy in her eyes.



The Wellington is a large place, and this evening it was full as ever. But St Cloud quickly spied a man drinking alone at the bar, who fitted the bill.
‘Lyons?’
‘You’re late.’
‘I had other business.’
‘I was about to go.’
‘What’ll you have?’
‘IPA.’
St Cloud dug out a tenner, and bought an IPA for Lyons, and a scotch and coke for himself. Lyons looked a little disapproving. He was well dressed, with polished shoes, a discreet grey scarf and an expensive camel hair coat; but all this grooming seemed pretty pointless since he had jowls that hung down like empty footballs. 
‘What did you want?’ he asked briskly.
St Cloud replied, ‘This is kind of awkward, but I’m working on behalf of Paul Brightland, and it’s about something that happened to a member of his family a while ago.’
Lyons said sourly, ‘Kid got raped.’
‘Oh. You know about it?’
‘I do.’
‘Okay.’ St Cloud took stock of this. ‘Perhaps that helps. I spoke with Simon Pritchard. He says he was on his way back from a meeting he had with you that night.’
Lyons sipped IPA. ‘So he was.’
‘You’re his accountant?’
‘Partly.’
‘Partly?’
‘Partly.’
‘Partly means what, exactly?’
‘I do provide accountancy services to him. But he’s my occasional business partner as well. We have one or two capital ventures together.’
‘That’s what you were meeting about, that Friday night?’
Lyons took another big draught of IPA, and wiped froth off his lip.
‘What does that have to do with Brightland’s kid getting raped?’
‘It’s a question of time.’
‘Time?’
‘Yes. Pritchard didn’t know what time he was driving past the girl when he saw her. So we don’t exactly know what time the girl was attacked. For various reasons that I don’t need to go into, the girl herself doesn’t know and the police have never found out. What time did your meeting end?’
‘Don’t really remember. Nine maybe. Maybe ten. Maybe later.’
‘I see.’
Lyons demolished the rest of the IPA. ‘That’s all you wanted to know?’
St Cloud nodded, and drank some scotch.
Lyons said, ‘You could have done that on the phone.’
St Cloud replied, ‘A girl got raped. A nice girl. It’s not necessarily something you want to put over the airwaves.’
Lyons shrugged and didn’t quite say “So what?”
St Cloud indicated the empty glass and said, ‘Another?’
‘Thought you’d asked your questions.’
‘There’s a few more I could ask. About Pritchard, in particular.’
‘What about him?’’
‘I’ll get you another.’
Lyons sighed. ‘Go on then.’
St Cloud found his wallet, dug out another of Brightland’s notes, and ordered the same again. The place was filling up.
St Cloud remarked, ‘Pritchard seems to be doing alright.’
Lyons said evenly, ‘He’s a talented businessman.’
‘I’m not sure honesty is amongst his talents, though.’
Lyons declined to answer that, and drank some more IPA.
‘Where was it?
‘What?’
‘Your meeting.’
Lyons put his drink down. ‘Why do you ask?’
‘Like I say, I’m not sure Pritchard plays a straight bat. If you tell me where the meeting was, then they might have a visitors’ book at reception. It might tell me what time Pritchard left. That might tell me what time he saw her.’
Lyons said evenly, ‘You’ll be disappointed.’
‘I will?’
‘We met at my office, up near St Giles’s Circus.’ He added, ‘There’s no visitors’ book.’
‘That would be 567 High Holborn E2?’
Lyons’s nostrils flared. ‘Why do you want to know that?’
‘I like to get my facts right.’
‘Yes, if you must know, that’s the address of my office. I don’t see that it helps you. Like I say, there’s no visitors book and no record of comings and goings.’
‘Right.’
‘Right.’
Lyons supped his pint. St Cloud said,
‘Except – well, I could check your CCTV, of course.’
Lyons shook his head and went to speak, but St Cloud cut in: ‘And before you tell me you don’t have any, I could get it from the car park, or the local authority, or the shop across the road, and then I could study it and find out what time Pritchard left. He’s quite distinctive with that wavy hair and mincing walk of his.’
Lyons scowled and put his pint glass on the bar. 
St Cloud said, ‘I’ve a mind to do it, you know.’
Lyons said, ‘All to find out what time Pritchard drove past some street? What a waste of time. It won’t catch the person who did it.’
St Cloud said stubbornly: ‘It might.’
‘I don’t see how.’
‘Lyons, I’m not sure that meeting ever took – ’
‘This is nonsense. I have a train to catch.’
He pushed past and went out of the pub. St Cloud thought about following, but the camel hair coat was quickly lost amongst the crowds. So he went back to his scotch and thought about things. First Pritchard, now Lyons: two businessmen, and both full of bullshit. St Cloud was fast coming to the conclusion there never had been any such meeting, not at 567 High Holborn or anywhere else. They had concocted it, it seemed, and badly: why? There must be a reason. They needed an alibi for something – or at least one of them did. St Cloud guessed that was likely to be Lyons. After all, Pritchard had definitely been in town that evening, - well, later that evening – in time to see Chloe get abducted. Maybe Lyons had been away for the night, over the side, whoring, and Pritchard was the cover.
He should leave it there. He had better things to do than go asking Holborn shopkeepers for their CCTV. And anyway, Lyons was probably right. It wouldn’t catch the rapists. So none of it mattered in the slightest to Brightland, or to Chloe.
But it gnawed at him. He had asked some honest questions, and both these men had chosen to fuck with him rather than play straight. He decided to take that a little personally.



Bonnie said, ‘We should get a TV.’
This was old ground. ‘You know that’s not going to happen.’
‘You might like it. And I could watch it when you were out.’
‘I didn’t think you wanted to. I thought you liked your books.’
‘I do. It was just a thought.’
She had a paperback now, her wrist elegantly sprawled across the top and a white ringless finger used as a bookmark. She vandalized books: folded pages, scuffed spines, even new books looked old after Bonnie had finished with them.
He said, ‘I guess Angela’s got a big plasma job. With 3D or whatever they do now. So she can feel like she’s actually in the soap or the talent contests.’
‘You’re mean to her.’ She considered whether to take umbrage, then decided against it. ‘She has, actually. A big black thing. It looks a bit ridiculous in their flat.’
She went back to reading.
He said: ‘Your phone okay now?’
‘Not sure. I’m charging it again, just in case.’
‘What are you going to do about it?’
‘Angela says I can use her’s until I sort mine out.’
He went cold.
‘You’ve still got it?’
‘Upstairs. Do you want the number?’
‘No.’ The damned thing was in the house. He should tell her about it, tell her now. ‘You can give the number to me when I need it.’
‘Okay.’
Fuck it, he thought. 
Aloud he said, ‘I could get you a new phone.’
‘What?’
‘I could get you a new phone. Even if yours comes back to life, it’s always running out of battery these days.’
She shook her head.
‘I like mine. And you don’t have any money, so you tell me.’
‘Okay. But I want to get you one. I bet Angela wouldn’t want an old phone like yours, I’ll bet her’s is the latest one of those, as well.’
Bonnie carried on reading for a minute, and then said, ‘She does get a new one every so often. Probably on one of those sort of contracts.’ 
St Cloud ventured, ‘Or maybe Grant gets them for her.’
‘Maybe.’ Bonnie turned a page, and said, without looking up, ‘People always get new phones off their boyfriends.’
‘Except you.’
‘Except me.’ She looked up from her book. ‘You can ask her if you like. She’s coming over.’
‘She is?’
‘Yes. She wants to borrow something.’
He said hopefully, ‘She wants her phone back?’
‘No, not that. She says I can keep it for as long as I need.’
He got up and shut the blinds. He said, for the sake of saying it, ‘I won’t get you a new phone if you don’t want one.’
‘Thanks.’ She smiled. She was in love with him tonight.



The fox came at 8 o’clock, and to St Cloud’s surprise and dismay she wasn’t alone: Grant was in tow.
The fox had gone all casual. She wore jeans and a top, a kind of parody of a V-neck sweater, which rode at hip height and showed a smooth stomach and a silver stud. It looked like a nice place to warm a hand on a winter evening. Grant wore designer jeans, a Pringle sweater, a leather jacket, long desert boots on his short legs. He nodded at St Cloud as he came into the room. There was the grace note of uncertainty in his face.
St Cloud said, for the hell of it, ‘Long time no see.’
Bonnie said, ‘Michael, get us drinks.’
St Cloud went to the kitchen and got a San Miguel for Grant, a bottle of Pinot Grigio for the girls, a whisky and Coke for himself. When he returned he found Grant on the armchair, Bonnie on the floor, and the fox on the sofa with her legs tucked under her, patting the chair. He trundled over like an Irish wolfhound chasing tails.
Bonnie said, ‘Last night was really great.’
Grant nodded, then looked at St Cloud, then stopped nodding and looked to the floor.
The fox said, ‘Wasn’t it, though.’
Grant said, ‘Got home at two. Bit mad.’
The fox said, by way of explanation, ‘Grant was up at five.’
Bonnie made that little O with her mouth that people make when they hear of a horror they had not previously imagined.
Grant just nodded, and grinned.
Bonnie said, ‘Are you always in so early, Grant?’
He nodded. ‘First in, aren’t I. Start at seven, get there half six most days.’
St Cloud said, ‘You worked today, then?’
Grant shot a look at him. Then looked like he was about to say something, when Angela said,
‘Ten was rubbish enough for me.’
Bonnie said with magnificent neutrality, ‘Everyone had a great time.’
The fox said, ‘Jagdit was off her face again,’ and then, with a mischievous look across at St Cloud, ‘As Michael knows.’
He was about to kick at that, but Bonnie caught his eye, and said to the fox, ‘I thought Andrew was nice.’
The fox said deliberately, ‘I noticed.’
‘No,’ said Bonnie. ‘Kind. Just kind, that’s all.’
Grant nodded, ‘Decent guy, goes to Arsenal with me. Used to play in a band.’
Bonnie said, ‘Really?’
Angela said, ‘One-handed maracas.’
The girls laughed, privately, spontaneously, outrageously. They looked from one to another, then at the others, and then back to each other again.
Grant said, ‘There were a few of them there from the office, last night. At the boxing, I mean.’
Angela said, ‘Jagdit said she saw someone off the telly.’
Bonnie asked, ‘Really? Which one?’
St Cloud said, ‘Dennis Pugh.’
They all looked him, surprised; surprised that he had said that, surprised that he had known it.
Grant said, ‘Probably went to see a bit of boy-on-boy. Probably likes that, what I hear.’
Angela said, ‘Who doesn’t?’ and laughed, in a way that suggested she didn’t – not really. Bonnie just smiled.
St Cloud said, ‘I thought he might be somebody you knew, Grant – Dennis Pugh?’
Grant looked slightly affronted.
St Cloud continued: ‘Because Ryan recognised him. Or that it’s how it seemed to me, at least.’
Grant shook his head. ‘Don’t know him from Adam.’
Angela said, ‘Probably recognised him from the telly.’
St Cloud insisted, ‘It was more than that, I thought.’
Bonnie said, ‘What does he do?’
Grant said, ‘Comedian. Well, makes out he is. Bit of a toff, and all that.’
St Cloud wondered what the barristers of the Jackson Ellis Chambers would make of the class warrior act, now school was out. 
Bonnie just said, ‘Oh,’ in the way she ended these kind of conversations.
The wine glasses were empty. St Cloud refilled them; the wine, and the fox’s perfume made a sweet and slightly sickly combination. Grant’s beer was still half full, so St Cloud didn’t bother with it.
Bonnie said, ‘What was the boxing like?’
St Cloud just took a glug of whisky.
Grant said, ‘Tops.’
Angela said, ‘One of the lawyers from Grant’s place was boxing in it.’
Bonnie said, ‘Wasn’t it proper boxers, then?’
Grant said, ‘No, no. Called “white-collar boxing”. Bit of a laugh, isn’t it, a few lawyers take on a few bankers, that sort of thing. You’d be surprised what they get up to at our place. Pretty down to earth, some of them.’
St Cloud hated people who used “down to earth” as a compliment. He said nastily, ‘It was a bit odd.’
Angela said, ‘You’d think they wouldn’t want to box, people like that, with all that – with what they do, and everything.’
Grant said, ‘Course they do. Like Fight Club, isn’t it. Like nothing better than a scrap, only they can’t do it in the pub because of their reputations. So they do it in the ring, instead.’
Angela said proudly, ‘Grant’s barrister won.’
Bonnie said, ‘Who against?’
Grant said, ‘Some twat from the city, trader of some kind. Probably the bloke that ruined Northern Rock.’ He laughed.
Angela said, ‘That’s who our mortgage is with.’
Bonnie said, ‘Really?’
The wine glasses were empty, and so was the bottle.
St Cloud said, ‘There’s another one in the fridge. I’ll get it.’
Grant said, ‘I’ll come with you.’
‘No, it’s okay – ’
But the little shit was up, standing, bouncing on his heels. St Cloud went out through the hallway and into the little kitchen, Grant right behind him. Before he reached the fridge, Grant said:
‘Look, Michael, about this afternoon.’
St Cloud’s heart sank. He said, ‘Whatever, Grant, I don’t – ’
‘No, no. Listen. The thing is, Michael, when you came in the office today. That girl – Paloma. I know what you probably thought. What you must have thought. That you’d caught us out, or something. Well, it isn’t like that.’
‘No?’
‘No. That’s why I came over tonight, because I wanted to put you straight – because it isn’t like that.’
St Cloud wasn’t interested in what it was like. ‘Fine. Whatever’
Grant nodded smugly and said, ‘You can see that, of course.’
No, not fine, thought St Cloud. He watched Grant get up out of the chair, and turn on his heel. The little bounce was back in his step. He said, ‘Except – well, you looked pretty close to me.’
Grant turned. His eyes searched St Cloud’s face. ‘Oh well, look – I know that. I can explain that. Like I said, it isn’t like that –’
‘It isn’t like that,’ mimicked St Cloud. ‘What is it like, then?’
Grant took a breath; he pulled out a chair, and sat on it. St Cloud remained standing. ‘She has a bit of trouble. With the old man. She’s been receptionist there for about a year or so. Nice girl, really. We got to talking, you know, like you do when you work in the same office. Only she’d never tell anyone what was going on at home. Then one day we went out for a drink, all of us, and she got a bit pissed and I put her in a cab. And she told me about it then. You can probably guess it. Old man’s a bastard. Used to be a cage fighter, bouncer, stuff like that. Knocks her about and everything. Once she came in with a black eye. Everyone in the office knows – well, guesses. She keeps it quiet. But now she sort of talks to me about it when there ain’t nobody else there. Every so often we go out for a drink at lunchtime and she talks to me about it then. Poor cow.’ He shook his head. ‘He sounds like a nightmare. Obsessed. Won’t let her talk to other men, always thinks she’s over the side, threatens her. Pissed all the time, too. I know what you’re going to ask – why doesn’t she leave him, then? That’s what I ask her myself. I mean, there’s no kids or nothing. You think she’d just fuck off, wouldn’t you? Well – she knows she ought to, she just can’t. She tells me she’s finished with him, but if you ask me she’s still attached – you know, emotionally. He’s probably on his knees right now, pleading with her, telling her it’ll all be different from now on. That’s what usually happens.’ Another long breath. ‘Today’s her birthday. She expected something from the old man, and got nothing but a slap. Not even a card, poor cow. He came in pissed last night and gave her a hiding. She was pretty down about it. The waterworks, and everything. So I popped out at lunchtime to get her a box of chocolates. Then she just gave me a bit of a cuddle, see, I was just cuddling her to give a bit of support. That’s what happened when you came in.’
St Cloud remembered the mission, the wrapping paper on the desk, the guilty silence when they drew apart, the look of defiance in the little wanker’s eyes. He turned and opened the fridge, and removed a wine bottle. When he turned back Grant sat back in the chair, his hands running through his hair.
‘The thing is, Michael, I guess you’ve probably gone and told Bonnie, and she’ll tell Angela. And then I’m fucked, aren’t I? I swear to you, it really wasn’t anything else. I’d really hate Ang to think it was, she’d kill me. But when Bonnie tells Angela, that’ll be that. And I haven’t done anything. You’ll have to tell Bonnie that, you’ll have to persuade her not to say anything. Please.’
He sat back down, and said: ‘Okay, Grant.’
‘Yeah?’
‘Okay. I haven’t told Bonnie, actually.’
‘No?’
‘No.’
‘Oh. Oh, right.’
He got up out of the chair. 
‘You’re a good guy, Michael, I know we haven’t seen much of you since, well since it all happened with that business with your job and everything, but you’re a really good guy. Maybe the four of us should go out more often, you know. After all, the girls are close. Yeah. That’d be really good, wouldn’t it, should go out every week, maybe.’
St Cloud wanted to tell him that he’d rather drown in shit. 
Instead he said: ‘While you’re here, Grant, I’d like to ask you something.’
‘Right, yeah – what?’
‘How’s business?’
Grant looked surprised. ‘Business?’
‘Yes. At the chambers. Lot of defence work going on? A lot of generous clients, maybe?’
The little shit was confused. ‘Well, normal. Dunno what you mean, exactly.’
‘Let’s put it this way. It came as a bit of a surprise to me that you socialise with clients. The barristers wouldn’t do that, I presume. Except maybe they do at your Chambers, maybe it’s all laissez-faire. Maybe after a bout Gideon Carter-Foy likes a beer with a child trafficker.’
Grant wasn’t sure where this was going. ‘Well, don’t know what you mean – what do you mean by that, a child trafficker.’
‘I mean clients, Grant. Socialising with them seems a bit odd.’
‘Dunno what you – ’
‘I’m talking about Ryan, Grant.’
Grant furrowed his brow. St Cloud went to the drawer, and found a corkscrew, and stabbed it into the top of the bottle. Then he turned back and said, ‘I don’t work for the police any more. We both know why. So you could tell me about it, you know. Anything that wasn’t above board. Anything about Ryan, or about one of the other clients Carter-Foy and the rest of them use those oleaginous voices to defend.’
He wrinkled his nose, and nodded confidently. ‘Nothing to tell.’
‘No?’
‘No. I’m clean as a whistle, me.’
‘Who’s Ryan, then?’
‘He’s a mate of mine.’
‘A mate who needs a leg up?’
Grant nodded and said, ‘They all need a leg up.’
‘Clients?’
‘Mates.’ Grant sniffed. ‘Actually he’s a mate of mine from school.’
St Cloud said, ‘That sounds like bollocks to me.’
Grant said, ‘Look him up on Friends Reunited. Ryan Edelman. You’ll find out you’re barking up the –’
‘Ryan Edelman?’
‘Yeah, that’s – ’
‘Edelman as in Paddy Edelman?’
Grant stopped in his tracks.
St Cloud said, ‘Jesus, Grant, are you telling me Ryan is something to do with Paddy Edelman?’
Grant said quietly. ‘Yeah, as it goes. That’s his old man.’
St Cloud let this sink in.
‘Listen, Grant, I don’t know if I need to tell you this but the Edelmans are extremely bad news. You’re getting in bed with Paddy Edelman’s son? They’ll end up scraping you off the pavements.’
‘Dunno what you mean.’
Now everything that Chilvers had told him made sense. If Grant was close to Ryan Edelman – to any Edelman – then he was close to the edge, and blood and bullets, drugs and drops in South London came as no surprise.
He said, ‘Angela and your bit of stuff at the office are the least of your worries, my friend. The Edelmans will eat you up and spit you out. You ought to realise that.’
Grant said, ‘Not Ryan. He’s a mate.’
‘He’s a gangster, Grant.’
Grant said, ‘No, he’s not in with them. Not like you’re saying. Doesn’t do any of that stuff, just runs the old man’s nightclub, that’s all.’
‘Really? What’s he up for, then? I heard what he said to you last night, about Carter-Foy getting a proper roundhouse if he fucked up in court. What’s he up for? Why’s he in need of one of your smooth talking lizards to plead his cause?’
Grant looked at the floor. ‘Supplying.’
‘Jesus, Grant.’
‘Look, you’ve got it wrong. He’s a mate from school. He just runs the old man’s club for him, was in the wrong place wrong time, that kind of thing. I just put him in touch with our Chambers, that’s all. And besides, he’s given the old man the heave-ho now. Doesn’t have nothing to do with him.’ 
‘Supplying sounds to me he’s taking over the family firm.’
‘Michael, the opposite. He’s making a break from them.’
‘So it sounds better in court?’
‘No, for real. That’s why I’m trying to do him a favour, see – I just put him in touch with our firm.’
 ‘Yes,’ said St Cloud. ‘And got a nice new phone for a backhander, no doubt.’
‘What?’
‘I said, you got a phone for a backhander. And more besides, I presume.’
I don’t know what you’re talking about.’
‘Your Angela – buy her toys, do you? Phones, maybe?’
‘What?’ The little shit shook his head. ‘You’re on some kind of drugs yourself, mate, if you ask me.’
‘You got her a phone recently, didn’t you?’
‘I might have done. What of it?’
‘Where’d you get it?’
‘I bought it.’
‘Where from?’
‘Can’t remember. What’s it to you?’
‘You didn’t get it from Ryan Edelman, then?’
‘No, mate.’
‘Grant, you want to start checking the mouths of gift horses.’
‘Michael, I really don’t know what you’re talking about.’
‘Of course not. But there’s a price, Grant. Even if he tells it comes free. A high price. A monkey on your back. The road to perdition.’
‘Shit film, that.’
‘I’m not talking about the film.’
‘I don’t know what you are talking about, Michael.’ There was steel amongst the cockiness, now.
‘No?’
‘No.’ Grant ventured, carefully, ‘I’m not sure you do, actually mate. Maybe you’re overheating a bit. Happens to the best of us. Even me, sometimes. I tell you what I do. I have a day off. Like tomorrow, I’m having a day at the races.’
‘Opera fully booked?’
‘What’s that mean?’
‘Nothing. None of it means anything.’
‘Look, mate. Maybe you ought to have a day off, too.’
‘Every day is a day off.’
‘Oh yeah, I was forgetting. Well, maybe you need to get yourself a job. Keep you out of mischief.’
Proximity to Ryan Edelman had taught the little shit to add a bit of edge. St Cloud avoided the temptation to brain him with the wine bottle.
‘Dennis Pugh in your little club, as well?’
‘That poof off the telly?’
‘That’s who I mean.’
‘Never met him.’
‘Ryan seemed alarmed to see him.’
‘Wouldn’t have thought so.’
This was getting him nowhere. He went over to the side and poured himself another whisky. Then, turning to Grant, he said, 
‘Enough. Let’s go back.’
Grant nodded, and climbed to his feet. St Cloud picked up the whisky and the wine bottle and went out of the kitchen, back along the hallway, and into the sitting room.
Bonnie said predictably, ‘You were ages.’
St Cloud nodded, and poured her and the fox another good slop of wine. 
Angela said, ‘You not drinking, Grant?’
‘No,’ he said. ‘No, look Ang – we’d better get going with it.’
Angela said, ‘Go?’
‘Yeah.’ He looked at the floor. ‘I’ve got to look up that stuff on the web for Andrew.’
Bonnie looked around. ‘Maybe you could  – ’
‘Laptop’s broken,’ said St Cloud shortly.
Grant looked up at him, momentarily, and nodded. 
St Cloud said to the fox, ‘I was just telling Grant how we were admiring the phone you lent Bonnie. But you can have it back, if you like. I’m getting her a new one.’
Bonnie gaped.
‘But you said – ’
Angela said briskly, ‘No, no, it’s fine. I’ve told her it’s no trouble. She can keep it for as long as. I’m still using my other one.’
Bonnie said, ‘I’ve put my sim card in it now.’
His heart sank. 
Angela said, ‘On a different network, but the handset’s unlocked, and everything.’
‘Yes.’ Drug dealer’s handsets are always unlocked.
Grant said, ‘Come on, Ang,’ and wandered out into the hallway.
The fox looked after him and shrugged. She stood up, smoothed herself down and gave Bonnie a hug. Then she sidled up to St Cloud and did the same. It was a pretty nice hug. Then she gave him a kiss on the cheek. It was a pretty nice kiss. She said, ‘I don’t know what you’ve done to upset Grant.’
He said, ‘Nothing he doesn’t deserve,’ and kissed her other cheek. She snaked a hand up his spine. He didn’t think Bonnie would care much about that.



He woke before Bonnie, as usual. It was light outside and the bedroom was swathed in a kind of grey gloom. The only sound was Bonnie’s breathing, light and even. Quietly he crossed to the other side of the bedroom and found her handbag, where amongst the rattling junk – lipstick, ipod, sleeping tablets, tissues, anti-depressants, contraceptive pills – he found it lurking in a side pocket, a neat black Nokia, top of the range. He touched the screen: it was switched off. Well, that was something. He thought about crushing it, but decided that might not wise. So he opened his wardrobe and stuffed it into one of his shoes. He didn’t think Bonnie would think of looking for it there.
When he got out of the shower she was still in bed but there was an envelope on the doormat. It had no stamp and was simply addressed “St Cloud” in loose handwriting. Inside was a cheque drawn on an Investec account called “QX Account No. 3”. It was made out in the same handwritten scrawl for two thousand pounds, payable to him. All this was fine, only it didn’t have any kind of signature. Accompanying it was a slip of paper. It had a short, typed message. It just said: “Check your emails”.
They assumed he had a computer that worked, of course. They assumed wrongly. He went to get dressed.
The rain still held off but the sky was leaden and even though it was late morning the tall tower, the figure-of-eight and the once-pink shopping centre were swathed in a kind of ochre gloom. He found the hour-token place, found another thin and uncomfortable chair, logged on to a machine, and typed in stcloud@live.co.uk. Out of sheer vanity he ticked the box for “Remember me on this computer”. He wondered if in the end when you died there would be a box you could tick for “Remember me on this planet”, but decided this was too deep, like watching the hour glass and seeing the sands of life slipping away. He scrolled through the rubbish in his Inbox, Nigerian princes, Russian girls, half price Viagra, Chinese amplifiers, invites from academics, struck students and Caribbean politicians who hadn’t yet heard his career was as dead as Jeff Buckley’s. He hated the net. He wondered how people could get so excited about it, grown men tweeting pathetic “look at me” messages, the electronic version of wanking in public.
The message he was looking for was halfway down: from “qx@xrb.com” and no subject line. It said:
Please attend the London Bridge Hotel at 2pm this afternoon where under appropriate conditions your issues will be resolved. If the conditions are satisfactorily met the enclosure will be signed and honoured. Sincere regards.
He hadn’t the first idea who would write such a message, but he had to question whether an unsigned communication could be considered “sincere”. He logged out and walked home through the half-lit morning, smoking a cigarette and watching the world go by. When he got home Bonnie emerged, wearing a T-shirt and no make up. She didn’t ask about the Nokia. He guessed she hadn’t noticed it was missing yet.



London Bridge station is different to other stations. Paddington is a kindly cave, Liverpool Street is a beehive, St Pancras is a cathedral, but London Bridge is a twisted metal monster the colour of shit. It has six platforms on one side, where the trains go to Chaversham or Twatstable, and then, oddly it has about twenty other platforms where the trains go even worse places – West Croydon and Hither Green and – God forbid – Cheam. To get between these platforms you have to walk miles through tunnels full of the tired and the drunk and the homeless and the hopeless, and it tests the best of people to stay warm and comfortable to the end of it. Recently they called all the other stations “London this” or “London that”, presumably in order to cater for all those people so thick as shit as to be able to mistake the city for somewhere else. Thus trains now head for “London Victoria” or “London King’s Cross” or “London Cannon Street” or “London Waterloo”. By this logic they should call the ugly shit monster “London London Bridge” – but they don’t, of course. On discovering this anomaly they should have seen that the game was up and abandoned the whole charade, but instead they let this one go under the radar. The result is to make the place feel even more like the poor little bastard runt of London stations; to make up for this, or maybe to humiliate it even more, somebody has decided to build a massive crystal shard right in front of it, so that the station will look like a smear of shit on a glass slipper.
Opposite this, however, is one of the best parts of the city, the unpretentious streets below Southwark Cathedral and what is left of the old Borough market. To get there from the station you walk down a short little slope past a grand row of smart old houses. One of the first in the row is the London Bridge Hotel, which is solid and square and opulent and just what an American tourist wants when he asks for a view of a glass pyramid and a brown metal hag-magnet.
 As St Cloud entered, the lobby was lit so bright it felt like it was summer. There was a woman standing in front of the desk. She was about twenty stone and had a thick unyielding blue serge coat on with a redundant, flapping waistband. When all this was taken into account she occupied a huge space and left very little room at the desk, and St Cloud had to squeeze to get in beside her. She had ginger hair and fingers that looked like pork sausages. Between a couple of these bangers were a clutch of leaflets explaining what theatre prices had been halved after first being doubled. On the other side of the desk a smart man in a peach-coloured waistcoat sat and scrolled through a computer screen. He threw a practised nod at the woman and then let his eyes glance across to St Cloud. It was easier than spending a boring day asking “Can I help you?”
He said, ‘I had a message to come here for 2pm. My name is St Cloud.’
The woman said, ‘How far is the restaurant from the Haymarket?’
The man ignored her. He looked at St Cloud, and did a little thing with his eyebrows that told St Cloud to turn around a hundred and eighty degrees. He did so. Sure enough, on the other side of the shiny lobby, sat a man in a grey suit and a grey fabric full-length coat.
St Cloud turned to peach-waistcoat-man and said,
‘You should try charades. You’d be unstoppable.’
He wandered across the lobby. The man in the chair cut a thin and sickly figure. It wasn’t just his clothes that were grey. His eyes had also had the medicine and his skin didn’t look great, either. At the end of his legs, which were long like folded snakes, were black boots with Cuban heels. When he spoke he had a cultured, weedy voice.
‘Mr St Cloud?’
St Cloud nodded.
‘If you would care to follow me.’
He unwound the long, thin legs and perched up on the heels. St Cloud felt like a blunderbuss. He followed him through the lobby to the lifts, and got in. There were three floors and an unmarked button, which the man pressed. Neither of them spoke. When the door slid back they were in another short, carpeted lobby with a door in front of them. The man knocked. A voice from inside said, ‘Come.’ He pushed open the door and they walked into the room. Inside was a sitting room about the size of St Cloud’s house. Somebody had put a lot of love and whole lot more money into making it look smart. It had two little clusters of white leather sofas, and both of them surrounded marble fireplaces, the kind celebrities lean against on the cover of Hello! magazine and pretend to own. Above each of the fireplaces was a mirror with nice curves and in these St Cloud saw himself approach from two directions. The man behind him looked like his shadow, or his ghost, or both. To the left of the sofas was a long dining table with about ten chairs around it, which were lined up in front of tall picture windows showing a view over the would-be shard of glass, the river, and St Paul’s, in that order. St Cloud wandered over. If the sky hadn’t been the colour of the man standing next to him it would have been a nice view. He looked back. Between the sofas stood a large oak desk with green leather accoutrements and a neat little white laptop in the middle. Behind this sat a thirty-something man with straight collar-length hair and a carefully nurtured two days of stubble. He looked like he always had a carefully nurtured two days of stubble. He was dressed in chinos, and an expensive Oxford-style shirt, which was open at the neck and finished off with silver cufflinks in the shape of Aston Martins. As they approached, he looked up and his mouth twitched.
The ghost man said, ‘This is Mr St Cloud.’
The man with the collar length hair nodded, and said: ‘Thanks for coming. Would you like a drink of anything? Coffee? Tea?’
The voice had the slightest note of a Teutonic accent about it.
St Cloud said, for perversity’s sake, ‘Whisky and coke.’ 
The man said quickly, ‘I don’t have coke.’
St Cloud suppressed a smile. ‘Whisky, then. Scots, not Irish. And no Tennessee shit.’
The man studied his face for a moment, then turned to the grey man. ‘Stephen, bring this gentleman a whisky. I’ll have coffee.’ The grey man nodded, wandered off and out of a door to the left, all long, gangly legs and tapping Cuban heels. The other man shut the laptop, and got up. He threw out an arm towards the dining table, towards the would-be shard of glass, the river and St Paul’s, in that order. He said, ‘Please, take a seat. There’s no need to be nervous, please.’
St Cloud walked over to the picture window and looked out. ‘Most people who get offered 2 grand to come to a rich man’s hotel room end up getting fucked. I’m allowed to be a little wary.’
The man laughed, quickly and hoarsely. ‘Okay, have it your way. Come sit, we can talk. Here comes the whisky.’
The grey man reappeared with a bottle of 24-year-old Oban and a glass. He poured out a couple of fingers. The other man walked across to the other one end of the table, and took a seat. St Cloud drank the whisky down in one, picked up the bottle, and poured another couple of fingers. The grey man looked at the bottle, then back at St Cloud, then went back out of the room.
The other man said, ‘Nothing bad will happen to you here. You are my guest and are to be treated as such.’
St Cloud remarked, ‘That’s fine as far as it goes. But you know who I am and where I live. That puts you ahead of me. I don’t even know your name. And nice as it is, you could be out of this apartment before first thing tomorrow morning, for all I know.’
‘Actually I live here for a couple of months every year.’
‘Bully for you. Maybe you’d better tell me your name.’
The man said, ‘That doesn’t really matter, does it?’
‘Oh, it does.’
‘Really?’
St Cloud took another swig of whisky. It went down better than a honey on a hornpipe.
‘Really. I’m quite prepared to sit here drinking your excellent Scotch until you come up with one.’
‘I don’t think names are important.’
‘They are in London.’
‘Especially in London?’
‘Yes. They play a distinct role in the class system, along with accents, piercings, tattoos and ipods. In particular, they distinguish the wheat from the chav. Plain ones mean plain girls or plain girls’ husbands. Exotic ones mean conmen or prostitutes. Double-barrelled ones, like double-barrelled shotguns, always have someone posh and unpleasant behind them.’
The man said coolly, ‘Isn’t “St Cloud” double-barrelled?’
St Cloud sploshed another drink into his glass, and said: 
‘No. It’s a place.’
‘Not an English place.’
‘That doesn’t exactly matter. People are either called after places or jobs or other people. Anybody who doesn’t fit that must have made their name up, or have an ancestor who made their name up. So what’s your name, buster?’
The man shrugged.
‘I can see I will have to play the game.’
‘Yes. You will.’
‘My name is Kriek.’
‘Really? As in “up” and “shit”?’
‘K-r-i-e-k.’
‘Man, that’s a terrible name.’ St Cloud drank some more whisky. It tasted better and better. There was a nice warm stripe between his mouth and his stomach. 
‘Oh.’
‘Can’t you make up a better one?’
‘It happens to be mine.’
St Cloud chewed this over. ‘So you didn’t want to give me your name, and then with a little shove you gave me your real one. Every way I look at that, it doesn’t really make any sense.’
The whisky was doing a good impersonation of lunch. He could almost forget he had no job, no money, and a mobile phone stuffed into a shoe at home that once belonged to a boy with his brains blown to pieces. He said:
‘Listen, all this baby’s name talk is all very well, but I’ve just remembered I’m starving and I’ve had a bad day and I could be back at home in a nice warm bed with an extremely beautiful girl.’
The man held up a hand apologetically. 
‘Please, I have apologised for inconvenience. I did arrange for a remittance to be sent to make up for any trouble on your part.’
‘You didn’t sign it, though.’
‘Well, let us do that. Do you have it?’
St Cloud dug into his pocket, pulled out the cheque, and passed it across. The man signed it with a flourish and handed it back. St Cloud put it on the table in front of him.
‘There we are.’
‘Indeed.’
‘Now that is out of the way I want you to understand things.’
‘Better and better.’
‘In particular, I want you to understand why you are here. It is for you. To provide you with a level of satisfaction. But it is also for you to understand that such satisfaction comes at a price.’
St Cloud remarked, ‘Now it’s you who sounds like a prostitute. I must say your gaff’s quite nice, but I’m choosy who sucks me off, so you’d better be good at it.’
Away to the right the door swung open.
St Cloud observed, ‘Your grey goon seems to be on his way back.’
The man said neutrally, ‘He brings my coffee.’
‘Is that all he brings, though?’
The grey goon set a tray down. Kriek reached across and poured out coffee into a cup. To no-one’s surprise, he didn’t take milk or sugar. St Cloud poured another half glass of whisky; then slid the bottle out of the grey goon’s reach. Kriek looked half-amused and half-irritated. The grey goon looked at the bottle for a second, contemplated making a leap for it, decided against it, and went and sat on one of the sofas.
Kriek said, ‘Well, this is a start. You are unhappy about the nature of your summons, and you express it by drinking my whisky and making lewd remarks. You have been paid for inconvenience. All that is good. But we should get down to a proper discussion. You are wondering what this is about.’
St Cloud nodded. ‘Amongst a lot of other things.’
‘Other things?’
‘Some of them don’t concern you. Some of them might. One of them is whether your grey goon over there drives a motorbike and follows people around town.’
Kriek looked puzzled. ‘What do you mean?’’
‘Nothing. It’s probably just an ugly old cop who thinks I keep company with murderers. That doesn’t concern you, either.’
Kriek took all this in, and remarked, ‘It shouldn’t surprise me that you are in trouble with the law. Curious people are often in one sort of trouble or another.’
St Cloud nodded. The whisky was beginning to soften him up. He would regret it in the end, of course. ‘Depends what you mean by curious. You can be curious because you want to find things out and ask a lot of questions. Or you can be curious because you have a monocle and a handlebar moustache and wank in public parks.’
Kriek said, with a trace of irritation: ‘I was referring to your curiosity. The asking of questions. Of course.’ He drank the coffee in one, put it back on the table, and pushed the cup away from him. Then he leant forward. It was a full stop and a new paragraph, rolled into one.
‘Mr St Cloud, you ask a lot of questions of people. These questions have come to my notice. To put it indelicately, I do not wish you to be asking some of these questions. I do not have anything personal against you, I can assure you. I do not wish anybody to be asking them. I do not wish the questions to be asked. I do not pretend to misunderstand that the way to stop them is to answer them. So I am prepared to answer them, under certain conditions.’
All those “do not”s started to merge together, and created a lot of confusion in St Cloud’s head. The whisky was beginning to bite, so he did what he always did when getting a little drunk: he poured out some more.
He said, slurring a little, ‘You’ll have to excuse me, I’m a bit thick. Suppose you tell me what you don’t want me to ask you about, then I’ll ask you about it, and then you can tell me the answer.’
‘How absurd that you put it like that.’
‘And if I don’t want to ask, or you don’t want to answer, then we can fight. You look a little smaller than me. And I can take that grey goon too, unless he tries to poke me in the eye with those horrible fingers.’
The man called Stephen looked up, but only for a moment, and went back to contemplating his Cuban heels.
Kriek said, ‘Come. There is no need for us to fight. This is about you receiving some information, making some progress with your enquiries. That is good, isn’t it – making progress?’
St Cloud wiped his mouth and poured out another finger of whisky. 
‘Okay. What’s the information?’
‘First we have to clarify the conditions.’
‘I thought we might. I swear by Almighty God – ’
Kriek was irritated, now. He looked at the vanishing bottle of Oban and back at St Cloud. He said: ‘You can be a wiseguy all you like but what would be really wise is to listen for the next few minutes. I know a little about you and your circumstances. What I know tells me, despite appearances, that you’re capable of subtlety and of discretion. You will have to apply both to this situation. The principal condition I set is that you will have to undertake never to mention to anybody that this conversation took place.’
St Cloud nodded. ‘It’s a dream.’
‘Of course, if you didn’t hold to that, there would be consequences.’
‘Consequences?’
‘Consequences.’
‘I would repent at leisure.’
‘Something like that.’
St Cloud banged the glass down on the table.
‘Look, Kriek, you say you know a little about me. In that case you ought to know that you don’t need to threaten me any more than you need to bribe me. You ought to also know that I’m stubborn. Therefore if you do threaten me you’ll find I just become more likely to make trouble for you. If you strike me down I will become more powerful than you can possibly imagine.’ He laughed, and said, ‘I’d like it a lot better if you rewound to that part when you were pretending to ask me a favour and plying me with whisky.’
The man nodded, looked out of the window, and then back again.
‘Very well. You have been asking about a particular Friday evening last month, and in particular about a meeting that took place involving two of my acquaintances.’
He knew the answer already, but he still asked, ‘Who are?’
‘Robert Lyons and Simon Pritchard.’
St Cloud leant forward. ‘You’re right. Before you tell me a lot of lies, you ought to know I don’t think that meeting ever took place.’
‘Then you should wait for my information.’
‘Which is?’
‘Which is this. I can confirm that the meeting did indeed take place on that evening. In fact, I was also present.’
St Cloud said, ‘And?’
‘You want to know what time it finished. I can confirm that it finished at 9.40.’
St Cloud paused. ‘That’s it?’
Kriek said solemnly, ‘You have my word.’



There was a supreme silence.
Then St Cloud laughed out loud. When he stopped nothing seemed to have changed, so he laughed again. When he stopped for a second time, he said: ‘That’s what all this is about? The envelope and the email and the grey goon and all that talk about consequences?’
 Kriek looked thoroughly annoyed.
‘Yes.’
‘I have to take your word for it? The word of someone I don’t even know?’
‘You know who I am, now.’
‘Barely.’
‘I can reassure you my word is worth a considerable amount.’
‘Why should I be reassured by that?’
‘I occupy a certain position.’
‘You mean you’re stinking rich.’
‘Affluence is only one aspect – ’
‘You should check the court listings at the Old Bailey, Mr Kriek. You’ll find the most affluent people are sometimes also the most dishonest Even if I did take your word as gospel, what you’ve told me basically isn’t good enough. Nowhere near. Where did the meeting take place? When did it start? Who else was there?’
 Kriek furrowed his brow.
‘I was led to believe you didn’t need to know these things. Only that you needed confirmation that the meeting occurred, and what time it broke up.’
St Cloud shook his head. ‘Dear me. If that slack-jawed wanker Lyons had listened properly he’d have understood that in fact the question I’m interested in is only 50% about time. The other 50% is about location, and specifically, direction. I’ll lay it out for you. I need to know not only what time that meeting ended, but where it took place. Unless you can tell me both those things – and prove it as well – then I’m afraid my curiosity is not satisfied, and I will continue to cause a nuisance to you, two grand or no two grand, consequences or no fucking consequences.’
Kriek looked troubled. The grey goon unfurled his legs and climbed to his feet, and said, ‘You will really have to be satisfied, Mr St Cloud.’
Kriek said, ‘Stephen is right. I cannot tell you any more.’
St Cloud shook his hand. ‘I’m sure if you were there in person, you can remember.’
‘It’s not a question of remembering.’
St Cloud put a hand on the table and tried to get up. It took him a while. The whisky made his jaw seem a little detached and his vision like a high definition camera, struggling with the transition from one scene to another as he shook his head. When it all stopped moving, he said,
‘No. It’s a question of a young girl getting attacked and raped by a couple of scumbags and another couple of equal scumbags who think they’re far too important to tell me the truth. You say there was a meeting, fine. But it didn’t take place at Lyons’s office in Holborn, so don’t try and pretend that it did.’
Kriek thought for a moment, and then said, ‘No. It did not.’
‘Now we’re getting somewhere. Where, then?’
‘I can’t tell you that. Not exactly.’
‘How about roughly, then?’
‘It took place at a building in Central London.’
St Cloud thumped the table. 
‘Man, this is like speaking in tongues. What building? What street? What post code? My sat nav needs more than that.’
‘You don’t require that information.’
‘Yes. I do.’
Kriek looked across at the grey goon and said, ‘Stephen, I’m afraid you’ll have to leave us.’
The grey goon got up, nodded, threw a disapproving glance at St Cloud, and then left by the far door. When he was gone Kriek got up, turned, and looked out of the window. 
He said quietly, ‘I shall not repeat this, so if you wish to listen, do so. I shall not ever accept that this conversation took place. If you disseminate it – in any format – I will deny it and I will make sure you do not prosper.’
‘Big man. Get the fuck on with it.’
‘Very well. The meeting in question was attended by a number of parties. I was present. So were Mr Lyons and Mr Pritchard. It took place at number 1, Canada Square. It started at 6.15. As I told you, it ended at 9.40.’
‘Canada Square? Where the hell’s that?’
‘It is in central London.’
A memory stirred in St Cloud. Number 1, Canada Square.
He said, ‘Isn’t that Canary Wharf?’
Kriek hesitated.
The tall towers of glass, looking across at the old city like brash cousins: St Cloud had watched their neon signs cast light into the gloomy November day yesterday evening on his way to the Temple. He was really confused, now. Between them his brain and half a bottle of whisky tried to decipher something in this information that precipitated this elaborate masquerade, from the note through the door to the banishment of the grey goon. But it was far beyond him, addled or not.
Kriek, though, looked extremely bothered by the whole thing.
He said, ‘You don’t need to jump to conclusions.’
St Cloud remarked, ‘I do that all the time.’
‘I should remind you – ’
‘Of your consequences. Well, fuck them. And fuck this, too.’ He picked up the cheque and tore it up. The two halves floated back to the table.
Kriek glared at him.
‘Mr St Cloud, You should be very, very careful.’
St Cloud stood up. ‘Look, I don’t want to piss on your parade, but this is nothing. Nothing. I have more important things to worry about than this. I have the Edelmans to worry about. If you’d told me Pritchard eats babies or Lyons has sex with dead people, I’d understand a little better. Okay, okay, I’ve listened to the word of God. Let’s agree the following. The meeting did take place. It took place in a glass room in Canary Wharf. It started at  6.15 and it finished at 9.40. We’re done. That’s all I needed to know.’
Kriek said icily, ‘Stephen will see you out.’
He crossed to the far door and opened it. The grey goon appeared – quickly enough to suggest he had been listening at the keyhole – and walked smartly across to the other door. St Cloud passed through it. The lift was waiting, and he got in. The doors slid open and he found himself back in the bright hotel lobby, and then cast out into the cold gloom of the afternoon. He glanced from one side to the other, made sure he wasn’t followed out, walked down the slope and across towards the Cathedral, found a pub called the Barrow Boy and Banker, ordered a pint of lager, took it to a corner seat, and let all that whisky give proper chase. Then he had a damned good think about things, the kind that only happens to people who are half-drunk and extremely confused.
None of it made one iota of sense.
Pritchard had left Canary Wharf at 9.40. It was way, way too early. Chloe Brightland had not left the party before midnight. Pritchard would have got home sometime before 10.30. And so some time later he had gone out again, and driven back towards the city – only this would explain his passing Chloe Brightland in a time and a direction in order for her to see her get abducted. The purpose of this second journey, and the destination, remained obscure. Pritchard had declined to volunteer it, preferring instead to talk bullshit about Lyons and the other stuff. And Lyons had backed him up. And Kriek, too. But what if they were lying, still – no, St Cloud was sure they weren’t, not about the meeting and the time. 9.40 it was. The last thing to interest this shabby triumvirate was Chloe Brightland getting raped, and thus the questions that he had asked were those least likely to attract a lot of lies. Had he quizzed them about the purpose of their meeting, or who else was present, or how much of somebody else’s money they were all going to make off with, then he probably would have got lied to a lot more. 
He went back via the Elephant and used up the rest of his internet hour googling “Kriek”, “Simon+Pritchard” and lastly “Ryan+Edelman”. The last of these brought up a cornucopia of news stories. Only one of them involved Ryan Edelman, and his arrest and charge for supplying class A drugs back in July. All the other stories involved the family, and much of it St Cloud already knew, or could have guessed.



St Cloud had never worked directly for the organised crime squad but he had been around long enough to name-check Paddy Edelman and his clan. The Edelmans didn’t “run” London or anything so melodramatic: a guy with floppy blonde hair got himself elected to County Hall to do that. Instead they had a thriving import business, like DHL or Federal Express, except instead of parcels and bubblewrap they used speedboats and girls with condoms in their colons. If an Edelman – even a son – had been in possession of the phone then it suggested a lot of things, not least that Jamed Jama was in far deeper woods than the teenage jungle Chilvers knew about. There was gear missing, St Cloud remembered, crack or coke or something. That figured. Jama might have been killed by a customer, making off without payment, or by a rival, to increase their market share, or by a supplier owed money, tired of bad credit or adulterated goods. The Edelmans suggested the last of these. Even drug dealers know about quality management and brand identity.
The way he looked at it he didn’t have much of a choice of what to do next. Even if he wanted to go to Chilvers and spill the beans, there were several things against such a course of action. For one, it would be like a property sale falling through: you couldn’t sink one part of the chain without all of it being affected. And that meant everyone being hauled before Chilvers, not just Ryan Edelman – Grant, Angela, Bonnie. He didn’t think he could bear Bonnie being sucked into it. Secondly, it was fraught with danger, for all of them. The Edelmans’ reputation did not come cheap. And this was not supplying, or importing – this was murder. The chances of an Edelman going down for the big one, with Bonnie a vital link in the evidence chain, did not appeal in the slightest. They would scare the hell out of her, or worse. No, he wouldn’t – couldn’t do that.
He could give the phone back to Angela, and let her and Grant take their chances. But this was stupid: the fox would use the handset, call people, call Bonnie – and sooner or later she would call a number who the cops knew and Chilvers would discover with interest that St Cloud had lied through his teeth. Chilvers might be mad enough to throw him a perverting rap for that.
He could destroy the phone, of course, pretend Bonnie had just lost it. But this too was far from safe: if the handset died again, Chilvers and friends would start chasing the last sim card that had gone in it – Bonnie’s sim card.
No, he only had one choice, as far as he could see. He would go and find Ryan Edelman and strike a deal: the phone in exchange for silence. Whichever way he looked at it, it wasn’t pretty. He would just have to live with that. 
The one thing he didn’t know was how to get hold of Ryan Edelman. He didn’t think 192.com would be a lot of use. He didn’t want to ask Grant. And he didn’t fancy trying Facebook, or any other channel that Chilvers might be able to watch.
But there was somebody who would be able to tell him. And he thought she could be persuaded.



It was 5 o’clock and just reaching darkness as he turned into King’s Bench Walk. The whisky had stopped being nice to him and now he had a pain in his guts and a little rope tightening around his head. Once again the ground floor office of the chambers was lit. And once again he saw her pretty dark bob in the window, seated behind a desk. 
He made his way across to the café, which was a quarter full of people 12 times richer than him, and found a chair where he could observe the lit window opposite. He ordered an espresso and a tuna melt and sat on a stool at the window. A Polish waitress passed him a little receipt with it: he pulled out another of Brightland’s notes and saw to his astonishment that ten pounds would not cover it; he found another, which dissolved into trinkets of change; that triggered guilt pains. He had done nothing to earn it. He ought to call Brightland, tell him there was nothing doing – no trouble at the mill, no fires needing putting out. He reached for his phone, but to his relief he found another excuse: Pritchard and Lyons, Kriek and the grey goon, and the bizarre pantomime at the London Bridge Hotel. Maybe he could pretend there was something in that, something about Chloe, something that would necessitate a delay in responding. 
Yes, he could put Brightland off again. He put the phone away.
She emerged at half past six, wearing a long black coat and carrying a square-looking canvas bag, and turned left and then right along the river towards Temple tube. St Cloud finished his coffee and wandered after her. He caught sight of her under the sodium lamps of Temple Steps, level with the MSV Wellington. She avoided the gardens – presumably averse to tramps and fingering French teenagers – and joined a little throng heading around the corner into the tube station. St Cloud followed her down the steps to the eastbound platform, allowing twenty feet and twenty people wearing ipods to come between them. A District Line train went past, and then another. The third was a Circle Line, which she took as far as Liverpool Street. He lost her on the platform and assumed she must have climbed to the overground level, for it didn’t make any sense to stop here if she was just changing lines, and after some jockeying he caught up with her on the concourse beyond the tube barriers. But she headed not for the overground trains, but instead across the wide, square space and into the ladies’ toilets. London rail terminals have public toilets that cost 30p to use – but they use the same barrier for in and out so most people know you can go in free, just by pulling the barrier towards you and passing through. Either Paloma didn’t know this, or she was too honest for the trick, or she wanted to get rid of some change and didn’t like the homeless – because she duly paid up. He waited outside and watched a thousand people going home from work.
Ten minutes passed. He wondered what was taking her so long.
When she came out she was still wearing the coat, and carrying the bag, but this time wobbling slightly on heels. The coat hung open and St Cloud saw stockings and a short black skirt. No, she wasn’t heading home at all, but going out. He wondered if she was meeting the little wanker for some kind of horrid post-race tryst; but on this point he was wrong too, for she approached a group of young women, their arms flailing in gaudy greeting. A lot of air got kissed.
A night out with the girls. Of course, it was her birthday.
He just hadn’t really believed it up until now.
The group moved slowly off through the wide foyer of the station, and in to a bar: the Lord Abercrombie. To St Cloud it seemed a dreary place, full of office workers and suburban night-outers readying themselves for beer and brawls. He occupied a seat in the corner and nursed a slow scotch and coke. The girls sat at the bar and ordered cocktails. Each was no more than moderately attractive, but in this shrine to mediocrity the group carried something more than the sum of its parts: men stopped to look, to smile, to chat, to try their luck. The smooth and the young got nice swoons. The others got belly laughs, louder and more bovine as the drinks flowed. St Cloud ordered more scotches-and-cokes, and bought crisps to occupy his hands. As far as his stomach was concerned this was like using a flannel to soak up a flood, and after a while he got properly drunk. The bar thinned out, and people got noisier. The hubbub became looser, slower, louder, and was given the thin adhesive backing of dance music. The lights dimmed, and the slot machines shone brighter in the growing gloom, illuminating fresh, puppy-fat faces of Essex boys supping from their pints – the cold, wet glasses offering protection against the unspecified threats of that elegant, subtle London outside the windows, that London of dreams and opium eaters, of thieves and mendicants, of rippers in the night.
They were quite drunk now, the girls. With an abusive husband and that little shit for a comforter, St Cloud could hardly blame Paloma for wanting to spend her birthday in her cups. The group thinned out, and the more successful of the suitors managed to get footholds between them. The girl stood a little on the edge of the group, swaying slightly, biting her lip. She looked uneasy with the world. Men came and talked, and she talked back, and then they went to get a drink, or a mate, or an easier chat up. All this St Cloud watched intently. Eventually, near to closing time, she headed for a door in the far corner. St Cloud pushed the drink away and lurched to his feet. Someone nearby said ‘Easy, mate’ but he didn’t bother looking back. He went through the same door and found a harsh, bright staircase. Holding the banister for support, he lurched upwards.
They collided on the first landing. She looked pretty drunk, too.
He caught her by the elbow. 
She said, ‘Do I know you?’
‘You’re Paloma, aren’t you.’
She searched his face. ‘Did you buy me a drink?’
‘No.’
She blinked, jerked her head backwards, looked again, and said, ‘I do know you, don’t I? I saw you yesterday.’
‘Yes. In the office.’
She looked a little bothered by that. He slurred, 
‘Come on. We need to talk.’
He grabbed hold of her elbow again.
She cried: ‘What do you – hey!’ she jerked free of his grip. ‘Who the hell – ’
‘Come on, I’ll buy you a drink.’
‘But –’
‘First let’s go down and kiss your friends goodnight.’
‘What the hell – ’
‘Come on. It’ll be fun.’
She pushed him off, and started off back down the stairs.
He said, as soberly as he could, ‘Paloma, I’m here because of your friend, the little – Grant.’
‘Grant?’
‘That’s him. Yes.’
‘What about him?’
‘I had a chat with him last night, a chat about things. About you.’
This seemed to sober her up. He tried to concentrate. 
‘Let me try and explain. There’s a lot of trouble. I’ve got hold of something, a really bad thing. Grant gave it to me. Well, he didn’t give it to me exactly, but he gave it to someone who gave it to someone who gave it to me. It doesn’t matter. What matters is who he got it from. Do you understand?’
She said, ‘Not a fucking, fucking word of it.’
He nodded. He must try harder. He was sure a lot of important things depended on it. ‘Okay. Well, listen.’ But explanation was not forthcoming. ‘I’m going to have to strike a deal. With the person it came from. This is where you come in. I need you to get me a phone number. An address. Listen, we’re both a bit pissed, aren’t we? You don’t want to talk to me. I can understand that. You probably hate my guts. I can understand that too. I’m very understanding. But you ought to know you’re not so singular. No so so – so singular. There are people like you. There are a couple of people who worship me. But there are a hundred times as many who hate my guts. So don’t worry. But help me.’
She just said, ‘Look mate, fuck off,’ in the way girls do.
‘Okay, fine. That’s perfectly fine. Only if you tell me that again, I’ll go downstairs and tell your friends that yesterday I caught you doing flute practice on Grant’s cock.’
Her eyes widened. ‘Hey – you wouldn’t.’
‘Try me.’
‘Bastard.’
‘Put it on the poster.’
‘You can’t even imagine the trouble you could cause.’
‘I can imagine trouble. Oh, yes. I can imagine trouble better than anybody.’
‘But – ’
‘Go and say goodnight to the girls and those flimsies they’re getting off with, and meet me outside.’
‘No way.’
‘Don’t mess me around or I’ll do it, I mean it.’ He leaned on her. ‘I caught you and him in the office, yesterday. It wasn’t just cuddles, I know that. I know a lot of euphemisms for blowjobs. I’ll enjoy running through the repertoire.’
‘Fuck you.’
‘Come on, girl. It’s time to say goodnight.’
He lurched out of the place. He didn’t expect anything. But five minutes later she arrived, the canvas bag over her shoulder, tottering on the heels.
He said, ‘Let’s go somewhere. Where do you live?’
‘Fuck off.’
‘I just meant – look, okay, what station do you need? We could go there. Be easier to get home.’
‘Fenchurch Street. If we must.’
He walked her down Broadgate and into Bishopsgate, past that corner of Mitre Square where Saucy Jack snipped the lady’s ears off and down an alleyway to the front of Fenchurch Street station. The square outside was full of chain cafés, all of them closed, so he pushed her on, down steps on the other side of the station, past a couple of bars and hotels until they reached Tower Hill. Above them loomed the dark shape of the mound above the tube station. In summer it was full: tonight in the cold breeze it was looked almost empty. He said, ‘Up there.’ She did as she was asked. She was used to doing that, he decided.
On the top somebody had built a large metal sundial, and around it carved the important dates of British history, from Boudicca immolating the Romans through to Tony Blair telling a lot of lies. Around this were concrete benches, mostly covered with bird shit or the Stylist, both of which have a fair amount in common to do with mess and corrosion. A Norwegian woman and her daughter stood at the front, pointing out different ramparts of the floodlit Tower opposite, and a young American couple with identical baseball caps and glasses sat on a bench reading a guidebook. Between the hill and the Tower itself was a red route, hellish fast, a streaky blur, like daubs of neon light across an old photograph. Below in the light of the station were chuggers and other phoneys hawking ripper walks and ghost trails, and a flood of long-hour commuters with their umbrellas and free rags heading home, and the vanguard of suburban libertines arriving to take their place. She sat on the concrete bench, and pulled her coat around her, unbuttoned, loose, the canvas bag over one shoulder.  
He said, ‘Paloma, look – I’m sorry, but I need – ’
‘Get on with it, would you? It’s fucking freezing.’
She looked done in. There was a gloopiness in her eyes.
‘Okay, look. Let’s get off on a better foot. My name is Michael St Cloud.’
She looked at his face. ‘I know. Grant told me.’
‘Good. Look, hear me out, please.’
She turned her head, trying to act sober, but it was too jerky. The coat flapped open. From where he sat he could see straight down at her cleavage. It reminded him of Borrowdale in the Lake District. He liked Borrowdale. He felt a familiar excitement, that of magicking a girl into the dark, away from her friends, a girl pissed and dressed to the nines. It felt erotic, heady.
He tried to concentrate. He was working. Drunk with a girl with nice tits, but still working. He looked back at her face.
She said firmly, ‘If you’re going to ask whether we’re having an affair, then –’
‘I’m not.’
‘No?’
‘No.’
‘What, then?’
‘Well.’ He was confused. He was drunk. ‘Okay, let’s do that for starters. Are you having an affair?’
‘You said you weren’t going – ’
‘I was lying. Or mistaken. I’m a bit pissed.’
‘I don’t know what the hell it’s got to do with you. Your girlfriend knows his girlfriend, is that it? Well, I don’t give a fuck, mate. Not a fuck.’
She was young and feisty, but it was an act. He stared her out for a minute. She stared back – at his eyes, at his face, at his mouth. Yes. She wasn’t disinterested. She was a mess, a drunken mess, but she wasn’t disinterested. It could him take an hour, maybe two. It might need a club, full price entry, more drink, a dance. But it wasn’t impossible. His knee brushed her thigh. She didn’t move away. All this was good. No, all this was no good. He would have to choose, choose between light and heat, truth and seduction.
She said, ‘I don’t know what it has to do with you, or anyone else. Because we’re not having any affair. Not that it’s anyone business.’
St Cloud got up and circumnavigated the sundial. The Norwegians had gone. The Americans had barely glanced at them, but might have heard it all if they were trying hard enough. He wondered what they’d think of the conversation, if they analysed it, if they read Freud instead of Lonely Planet.
When he made it back he asked, ‘Your not having an affair isn’t anyone’s business?’
‘My fucking life isn’t anyone’s business.’
La la la. They could jaw pleasantly like this all night. It was time to move on. He said, ‘Listen, Paloma, like I said – it doesn’t have much to do with me. I don’t much care whether there is something between you and Grant or not.’ The American man looked up and met his eye. He shook his head, as if to say no, this isn’t what you think.
She pulled her bag further up her shoulder. ‘I’m sorry, I don’t feel very well. I’m going home.’
St Cloud said regretfully, ‘Okay, stop. I’m cocking this up, I know. I need some help. I need you to help me. If I was sober and I had an hour I’d think of a lot of clever and persuasive things to say to get you to help me. But I’m drunk and I’m running out of time, so I’m going to get nasty.’ He moved in closer, and said, sotto voce, ‘His girlfriend’s called Angela. Her number’s in my phone. If you leave now without listening to what I want, I’ll ring her up and tell her Grant does you on Tuesdays between meetings, and follows it up with plastic toys when he gets tired.’
She cried, ‘You nasty fucking piece of shit.’
The Americans looked up.
He said, ‘Nine out of ten people found your review helpful.’
‘You fucking – ’
‘If you do as I say, then I promise I won’t say a word. Not to her, not to anyone.’
Her eyes bulged; her whole body seemed to sag under an unseen weight, her cheeks puffed out, her eyes stretched. It was the look of someone without cards to play, the look of a girl with a headache and a hole where her life should have been. 
He said, ‘I just need a couple of contact details.’
‘Contact details?’
‘For one of your clients.’
‘Oh well, that’s out of the question.’
‘Nothing’s out of the question.’ He looked at the Americans, and dropped his voice. ‘The client is Ryan Edelman. I need a phone number for him, an address maybe.’
She said, ‘That’s just not possible. I’ll lose my job.’
‘It’s important. Life or death, maybe.’
‘It’s my life or death if you tell anyone I’m having an affair.’
He remembered the husband, the cage fighter. Yes, that might be right. He tried a different tack. ‘Look, Paloma, Grant’s in a bit of trouble. Ryan Edelman gave Grant a stolen phone, as a backhander – in kind, I mean. Would you know anything about that?’
‘I don’t know what you’re talking about.’
‘Did he arrive with a new phone, suddenly – recently?’
‘No.’
‘Tell you about giving a new phone to his girlfriend?’
‘No.’ She drew a terrific breath, and snarled, ‘Get something straight. Grant is my friend. He’s a nice guy. He’s not very senior at work, and he mostly does what other people tell him to do.’
‘Like the Nazis, then.’
‘He’s a nice person and I like him. As a friend. So lay off him, please.’
This was getting nowhere. ‘I need a phone number, a – ’
‘Anyway,’ she said, ‘you’re out of luck. We don’t keep any details for that particular client. None at all. Everything goes through his solicitor. I don’t think – I don’t think it’s considered safe for us to have it.’
St Cloud nodded. The Edelmans, toxic as hell.
But he still needed to get hold of Ryan. 
‘Okay, last chance, Paloma. Grant told me Ryan runs a nightclub – as a job. I need you to find out where that is.’
‘It won’t be – ’
He raised a hand. ‘Uh uh. Not good enough. If it comes to it, you’ll have to sweet talk it out of Grant. Only I need it by tomorrow lunchtime. Or else. Give me your phone.’
Her eyes widened. ‘Why?’
‘So I make sure you get my number right.’
She dug in her bag and brought it out, a pink Nokia, a few models older than the one he had taken from Bonnie’s handbag in the gloom of the bedroom this morning. He punched in 0777649955 and added StCloud. He said, ‘Call me, please. You say Grant’s a nice guy. You’re a nice girl. Well, I’m a nice guy, too. And all of us are in shit. Proper, serious shit. You give me the name of that nightclub and nobody will know – not your boss, not Grant, not Ryan Edelman.’
She stood, hitched her bag on her shoulder, and was gone. He walked to Blackfriars and took the last rattler back to the Elephant. It smelt of burgers, beer and vomit. Young men lay with their legs across the seats and held loud phone conversations with friends, to be half-remembered and half-regretted the next time they spoke. Sin-swept couples lunged at each other across window seats and clung together in long, open-mouthed kisses. Gaggles of girls walked up and down the aisle, on a seemingly endless march for an unspecified moving utopia they could not define and would never locate. In the midst of this visceral whirl a smart middle-aged couple in long coats sat primly upright and passed comment on the contents of a stiff, glossy theatre programme. St Cloud looked at his reflection in the window. All he could do now was hope for the best.



He was still asleep at 10 o’clock – when Chloe Brightland rang.
‘I’ve got a free this afternoon. I wondered if you wanted to meet.’
He rubbed sleep from his eyes. ‘Meet?’
‘You told me you’d tell me first, remember? About what you found out.’ She paused. ‘I presume you have found something out.’
He replied coolly, ‘Sort of. But nothing interesting. And I’m still looking into things, really.’
‘Oh. Did you speak to the police?’
‘Yes.’
‘Did they tell you anything?’
‘I went through the crime report with them. Mostly the scientific aspects. A lot of things are still being examined – they are really, they’re not just saying that.’
‘I thought – ’
‘And I talked to that friend of your dad’s, Simon Pritchard.’
There was a silence.
She said, ‘What did he tell you?’
‘Not much. I went through it again with him. You know he can’t remember what time it happened. I had a chat with a guy called Lyons, too.’
‘Who’s he?’
‘An accountant.’
‘What’s he to do with it?
‘He and Pritchard had a meeting that night. I thought it would be helpful to know when they finished their meeting, so I could pin down the time.’ It sounded pretty thin, if you took out the curious fact that Pritchard and Lyons had told him a pack of lies, and that something had frightened them so badly they had gone running to Kriek. 
 She said, ‘I don’t see what the time matters.’
‘No.’
Nobody did. Nobody did, because it didn’t matter. Even Chloe, the girl raped by two animals, didn’t think it mattered. He let a pause stretch out, then said, ‘I’m sorry, I did say there wouldn’t be much. Maybe when they get the results back.’
He went to cut the call.
She asked suddenly: ‘Will you still meet me somewhere?’
‘Meet you?’
‘Yes. I’ve got a free this afternoon.’
‘Do you get frees at school these days, then?’
‘You do at my school. It’s about the only thing that’s free.’
That figured.
He said: ‘I’m a little busy.’
‘Busy waiting for someone else to tell you the results?’
‘Busy with other things.’
‘I don’t see why you should be, given that my dad paid you to look into my case.’
‘I’m afraid I don’t do exclusivity deals.’
She went on unabashed, ‘You could pick me up from college. We can have lunch, and you can tell me what you’ve been up to. I’m your client, aren’t I?’
‘Yes – no, look I’m – ’
‘So meet me and tell me what’s happening.’ And then in a slightly pleading voice, ‘You told me you would tell me first.’
He said easily, ‘And I will. When they get their results back. I’ll let you know what’s happening straight away, then.’
‘But I want to know today. I insist.’
He swore under his breath.
‘Okay, okay. What time?’
‘1 o’clock. At the gates on College Road.’
He rang off.
He had a hangover and a lot of problems, and now he had a lunch date he didn’t want with a 15-year-old girl who wanted answers to questions he didn’t have. He realised with a sense of shame and a little dollop of chagrin that he had overlooked something blindingly obvious. His belief that she was too spoilt, too jaded, grown up at the speed of sound – this was wrong. Her sophistication was a veneer, and now it was flaking to reveal the girl behind, pink and raw. His arrival had precipitated girlish hope of progress and even resolution.
This wasn’t great news, of course.
Better news arrived on his phone an hour later.
Club is the Blue Lagoon, Brighton Road, Croydon.
He made coffee and eggs and smoked a couple of lazy cigarettes, pondering his approach to Ryan Edelman and the Blue Lagoon. Presently Bonnie emerged. She said:
‘You were late last night.’
‘I’ll make you a coffee.’
‘Thanks.’
He said smartly, ‘I would have called, but your phone’s not working. Unless it’s come back to life.’
‘It hasn’t. I think it’s broken.’
‘Oh.’
‘You still could have called, though. I’ve put my sim card in the phone Angela lent me. I did tell you.’
He just nodded.
She said, ‘Only I can’t find it at the moment. I must have put it down somewhere.’
This was pretty normal. She was always losing things.
He had some information, now. He could go and do a deal with Ryan, and if he did it well enough she would never have to know anything about it, not about Chilvers or Jamed Jama or any of what happened last night. He said:
‘I really could get you a new one. I have some money, now. The Brightland money.’
‘Maybe.’ She poured herself a coffee. ‘Are you going out?’
‘Yes.’
‘Is it that stupid job again?’
‘Kind of.’
‘Michael – ’
But he was gone, upstairs. He went back to the wardrobe, found his shoe and retrieved the Nokia. He took the back panel off, removed the battery, and took out Bonnie’s sim card. This he put back in the shoe. Then he replaced the battery, put the phone in his pocket, and went downstairs. As he got to the bottom, Bonnie said, ‘Michael, I meant to tell you something. There was a man looking for you yesterday.’
‘There was?’
She nodded. ‘On a motorbike. As I was leaving the house. He asked if you were home. I told him you were out.’
‘Anybody we know?’
She shook her head. ‘Just a man.’
He finished the last of his cigarette and sat on the edge of the sofa. ‘What did he look like, this just a man?’
‘I didn’t really see. He had the motorcycle gear on, a helmet, you know.’
‘Oh. Was he white or black, big or small, thin or fat?
‘White. Big. Solid.’
It didn’t sound like Chilvers, or Pritchard, and definitely not Lyons, Kriek or that grey goon. He thought of all the people who might know where he lived and who Bonnie wouldn’t know. He came up blank. Then it struck him that it might not be related to these people at all, but could be the old trouble, come back to haunt him.
He said, ‘Bonnie, be careful.’
She looked at him. ‘Are you in trouble?’
‘No more than usual.’
‘Are you sure?’
‘Just keep a weather eye open for big, white, solid men on motorcycles, all the same.’
‘Michael – ’
‘I don’t know what time I’ll be back.’
‘Oh. See you later.’



Dulwich College is a grand place. Everything about it is grand. It has grand buildings, redbrick Georgian piles with impressive square footings and high pitched roofs, grand parklands, which sweep in green curves alongside the London to Brighton railway, and grand history – for like all private schools of the first rank it is home to the great and the wise and the spoilt and the nasty, in about equal ratios. Amongst its most famous alumni are a man who was Irish but everyone thinks was English, a man who was English but everyone thinks was American, and a man who was Englishness itself – though he lived in America. All these people are dead. They’re each worth a good few billion of the living.
Chloe Brightland stood outside the gates, a big square bag slung over her shoulder, wearing a dark coat and trousers, which didn’t look like it was any kind of a uniform. St Cloud pulled over the car over and she got in, and put her bag in the footwell. She had less make-up on today, and her skin looked all the better for it. She didn’t bother with a seatbelt. Maybe after being raped there didn’t seem any point in such things.
She said, ‘Let’s go and get drunk.’
He replied, ‘I did that yesterday.’
‘Well. I didn’t.’
‘And besides, your father didn’t pay me to take you out of school and lead you astray.’
‘He paid you to solve my problems.’
‘I don’t remember that – ’
‘Getting drunk would be a start.’
‘That’s debatable. Anyway, I said no.’
‘Okay, let’s eat, at least I’m starving.’
He drove off. The day was drier and brighter than yesterday. Any day would have been. She said:
‘Aren’t you going to update me?’
‘Update you on what?’
‘On your investigations.’
She laced the word with sarcasm. He looked across at her, then back out at the road. It was full of little cars. He said wearily,
‘I told you. I checked out the police side of it. They’re doing scientific work. A lot, actually.’
‘Forensics?’
‘That’s a stupid word. You can’t pluralise an adjective. That’s why I called it scientific.’
‘You’re odd.’
‘They’re doing this scientific work. That’s going on inside the laboratory. Those are the results they are waiting for, before they can do much else. And they’re keeping an eye on other cases, you know, in case these men do it again.’
‘That’s going to stop another girl getting attacked?’
‘No,’ he admitted.
‘Well – ’
‘But it might help catch them, if they did it.’
‘That all sounds like nothing.’
He nodded.
She said: ‘The police are getting nowhere, aren’t they?’
‘You can’t say that. Not when they’re – ’
‘Waiting for results, yes, I get it.’
They approached some lights, and he brought the car to a halt. He turned to her and said gently, ‘It’s not like in books, or on TV. It doesn’t go as fast as you’d like, at least, not always.’
He vaguely remembered that Doré had told him there was some kind of suspect, but it didn’t seem worth saying and he couldn’t really remember the name, anyway. It had just been some bit of local riff-raff. He drove off again, and turned towards Herne Hill. He said:
‘I spoke to your dad’s friend, Pritchard, as well.’
‘What did he tell you?’
He caught a slight inflexion on that “he”. She fiddled with her coat buttons. He asked, ‘Don’t you like Simon Pritchard?’
‘It isn’t that. I hardly know him, actually.’
‘What, then?’
‘That policewoman I spoke to, she thought it was so important that somebody else had seen it, you know – me getting dragged into the back of that van. In fact my dad spoke to him and it turns out he didn’t see anything, well, nothing I hadn’t already told them. He couldn’t even describe the people – the men. It just makes – oh, nothing.’
She swallowed.
He said, ‘Go on.’
She said: ‘I was just going to say, it makes me feel like nobody would have believed me if it had just been me, but because it’s some man who wears a suit, everyone says it must be true.’
He found a side turning, and dropped his speed. On one corner was a short yellow line, and he parked on top of it. He turned the engine off. Then he said,
‘Chloe, you need to understand the police. It isn’t that anybody might think you weren’t telling the truth. It’s more that you might be mistaken, that with the stress of everything, you might – ’
‘Bollocks to that.’
He shrugged. ‘You should listen. The fact is that having another witness to something – anything – helps a lot. Even forensic evidence – ’
‘Scientific, I thought you said.’
‘ – even forensic evidence gets stronger if you have something coming at it from another direction, something to corroborate it.’
‘What else did Simon tell you?’
‘Not much.’
‘You said something on the phone about the time. That it might be important.’
Outside a few cars went past, and so did a solitary motorbike. It didn’t look anything out of the ordinary. He looked back at her, then back at the road. The motorbike didn’t come back.
She looked up, hard-faced.
He made a decision.
‘Okay I’ll level with you, Chloe. I don’t think the time is important, not really. It might have been, right at the start – it might have been helpful to the police in case they were looking at petrol stations for CCTV, that sort of thing. But I’ll be honest with you. I only really got interested in the time question because I thought some of the answers I was getting were – well, let’s say evasive, to be polite.’
‘From the police?’
‘No. From your dad’s friend, Pritchard. And another guy, Lyons, who works with him.’
‘Why would they be evasive?’
‘I honestly don’t know. But I thought they had invented a meeting which never took place, and then it turned out that it did take place after all, only it’s all top secret and if they told me they would have to kill me.’
She looked blank. ‘What’s that got to do with me?’
‘I don’t know.’ He thought for a moment. ‘Your dad and Pritchard started a company together, didn’t they? A dark pool.’
‘Yes. They sound more interesting than they are. It’s my dad’s obsession.’
‘Obsession?’
‘Do you know what they are, really?’
‘I got told computer programs.’
‘Not exciting ones. Not video games, or anything. Just software so people can buy and sell shares. I really don’t know what all the fuss is about. My dad gets excited about it, thinks he’s doing some sort of missionary work. I don’t know if anyone’s told you this, but my dad’s a bit of a leftie.’
‘The political sort or the boxing sort?’
‘Political. He thinks his little computer programs will smash the world of capitalism.’
‘How will they do that?’
‘Apparently they stop the banks being able to buy any shares at cheap enough prices. It’s really boring and I don’t exactly understand it. If you ask him, he’ll explain it to you. Only I hope you’ve got hours.’
‘Isn’t he a bit too affluent to be a leftie? Or is he a champagne socialist?’
‘A what?’
‘A champagne socialist.’
‘That’s funny.’
‘It is?’
‘Yes. Extremely. All socialists drink champagne now. And communists. Look at China.’
‘You an authority on world affairs?’
‘My politics teacher is. She used to work for Tony Blair.’
That figured. ‘The joys of private school. I didn’t know you actually learnt anything. I thought it was all about lacrosse and early homosexual experiences.’
‘You’re wrong. Wrong and a bit rude.’
‘I might use that for my obituary.’
‘You won’t need one.’
Another motorbike appeared in his rear view mirror.
He said: ‘I might.’
‘You’ve gone all serious.’
‘I’m always serious. What about Pritchard? Is he a leftie, too?’
She shrugged. ‘I don’t exactly know him.’
‘Why did they stop working together, him and your dad?’
‘I don’t know all of it. They had a bust up, though. I think Simon wanted to sell off the company and my dad didn’t, he wanted to keep running it. I remember one furious argument they had at the house one night. I think they might have just got fed up with each other. Simon might know more about how to make money than my dad does. But my dad probably owned all the secret codes to it, so he had the final say.’
‘Secret codes?’
‘Well, you know. Those things you type into computers.’
‘Algorithms?’
‘That’s it.’
‘Was this a proper argument? Verbal or physical? A fist fight?’
‘No, no. Nothing so exciting. I think my dad just did the whole mulish thing – he’s pretty good at that – and insisted, and between them they decided to stop working together. They seem to be okay now, though.’
The street was empty of motorbikes again. St Cloud turned the key in the engine, and looked across at her. ‘I’ll take you home,’ he said.
‘I thought we were going for lunch.’
‘I’ve just thought of somewhere else I should be.’
‘You said – ’
‘It’s important.’
‘But – ’
‘I’m sorry, Chloe.’
She nodded. ‘Me too. We should have got drunk.’
‘Maybe next time.’
He eased the brake off and drove back towards Dulwich. The Brightland house looked bigger and newer in daylight, and more cardboard, somehow. She got out of the car and scrunched her way up the gravel drive. A Siamese cat came out to greet her, and gave a few little moans. St Cloud felt the weight of the Nokia in his pocket, and thought of the long list of things he had to do. None of them involved Pritchard.
But his blood was up. So he drove over to Clapham, all the same.



Except Pritchard didn’t seem too pleased to see him.
He said, ‘I’ve just got a couple of questions,’ and walked in the door, and back into the sitting room.
Pritchard put on a worried frown. He said, ‘Have they caught them yet?’
‘Who?’ asked St Cloud deliberately.
‘The men who attacked the girl.’
‘No,’ said St Cloud.
‘Then – ’
‘This time the questions are slightly different ones.’
‘I’ve told you all I know about that night – ’
‘Have you?’
‘Well, yes.’
St Cloud looked at him, and prowled the room, like a wolf. ‘I’d like to ask you about it again.’
‘Oh really, I’ve told you – ’
‘No. I mean about earlier.’
‘Earlier?’
‘I’d like to ask you about what happened earlier that evening. You went to a meeting, didn’t you? A meeting at Canary Wharf, which started at about 6 and ended at 9.40. On the dot.’
Pritchard went pale. He said, ‘Look, you shouldn’t ask that. I was told – ’
St Cloud broke in: ‘You were told what, exactly?’
The other man fell silent.
‘That I wouldn’t mention that I knew about it? Yes, as it happens I have been encouraged not to by someone giving me two grand, and threatened not to with the prospect of some vague consequences. Well, the bad news for you is that I tore up the cheque, and told the person who offered it to me to go and fuck his consequences.’
Pritchard’s eyes stretched. He said in a desperate tone, ‘Look, there seems to be some mistake – ’
‘Exactly.’
‘ – a communication issue – ’
‘No. A mistake.’
Pritchard trailed off.
St Cloud raised his voice. ‘A mistake because you couldn’t possibly have seen the girl get abducted, not if you were telling the truth. Oh yes, let’s remind ourselves of that fact shall we – a girl was abducted, raped. She was grabbed and thrown around and pulled apart and fucked all ways up by two gorillas in the back of a shitty van.’
Pritchard winced.
‘Unpleasant, isn’t it? You should ask her how unpleasant it is, next time you’re lunching at the Brightlands. I only put it in those terms because that little girl seems to be the one thing none of you lying bastards cares about – not you, not Lyons and not your slimy friend Kriek and his filthy lucre and his talk of consequences. Well, that girl could tell you all about consequences. She’s done a fucking A level in them recently.’
There was a silence. His voice seemed to bounce off the walls.
Pritchard said quietly, ‘I’m not sure your shouting is helping anybody.’
‘This isn’t shouting. This is talking. If you want me to shout, I’ll oblige. Your neighbours might just have to put up with hearing you called a cunt.’
There was a stony silence. St Cloud counted to ten. Pritchard just looked at the floor.
Presently Pritchard said, ‘Look, maybe I should call Brightland. You’ve clearly done what you could within the scope of what he asked you to do. There’s a limit to what could be expected.’
He very nearly managed to regain a cocky smile.
St Cloud strode across the room. ‘What did you just say?’ 
‘Wait – ’
‘You’ve got a fucking brass neck, do you know that?’
‘I didn’t mean – ’
‘I know what you meant. Go on, be my guest. Phone Brightland and tell him to call me off. Maybe while you’re going through a pleasant preamble about the weather or the FTSE, you might care to mention the meeting you had with Kriek at Canary Wharf and all those lovely algorithms you’re going to sell to him and his conglomerate friends, those algorithms you stole from Brightland when he wouldn’t play ball with you and agree to sell his soul.’
Pritchard flinched. St Cloud continued: 
‘Obvious, isn’t it? You lied to me about a meeting, which meant you must have lied to Brightland about it, and when I did my usual bull-in-a-china-shop routine, a lot of objectionable people tried to warn me off and pay me off in equal measure so that I wouldn’t talk about it. And who would I be likely to talk to? I know fewer people in the square mile than God does. The only person I might talk to is Brightland. And what could you all want to keep from Brightland, I wonder? That’s a no-brainer. The fact that you were selling him out, Pritchard, selling his algorithms to the other side. The banks. Robin Hood? You’re bloody Judas Iscariot, mate.’
Pritchard’s mouth twitched once or twice, and he lowered his eyes. Then he looked back up and said, ‘I’m going to have to ask you to leave.’
‘Oh, you’ve got a fucking cheek.’
‘This is an invasion of privacy.’
‘So is having your daughter raped and having your business fucked over by your partner.’
Pritchard turned around, and put a hand to his head. Then he turned and said, in a small voice,
‘Okay, what do you want? Money, is that it?’
St Cloud stifled a laugh. 
‘There was me thinking you were a socialist.’
‘I don’t think you would understand that.’
‘No, I don’t want any money. I didn’t want Kriek’s and I don’t want yours. I have much simpler tastes. I just want the truth.’
‘Haven’t you – ’
‘The truth about that Friday night. The ironic thing about your famous meeting is that it’s more or less completely incidental to what I actually want to know. I only got interested in that subject because you all got so damned scared when I mentioned it. What matters is this. Your meeting finished at 9.40. You’d have been home by 10.30. You certainly weren’t driving back from it at midnight. No, you were driving the other direction, away from here, back towards the City.’
Pritchard’s eyes flitted sideways.
‘Yes. You were, weren’t you? Where were you going this time? Back to Canary Wharf to finish the deal, armed with a lot of algorithms in your pocket, to get a suitcase full of banknotes and bone some high-class tom on Kriek’s tab?’
Pritchard’s eyes were still dancing like mad.
He just said, ‘No.’
‘No?’
‘I didn’t go back there.’
‘Fine. So – ’
‘I didn’t see Kriek. I didn’t see any of them.’
‘You expect me to – ’
‘I got called by a friend.’
‘Oh, man.’
‘The friend needed my help.’
St Cloud let out a howl of frustration. ‘Come on.’
‘It’s true.’
‘A Good Samaritan? Let’s rewind here, Pritchard, you’ve just been shown to be amongst the slimiest little bastards in the entire city.’
‘Really, that’s what happened.’
‘This friend. Does he have a name?’
‘No.’
‘No? Not Billy Bullshit or Freddy fucking Fantasy Island?’
‘It’s not important.’
‘No. It’s not important because it’s bullshit. Because you’re up to another one of your slimy tricks. Don’t try and convince me you care about people in need. You only care about one thing. Money. You tell lies. Why? Because of money. You get found out, what do you use to try and get yourself out of the mire? Money. Your friends Lyons and Kriek – they’re the same, aren’t they? So stop giving me this shit about doing a good turn and go back to admitting you’re a greedy little bastard.’
Pritchard balled his little fists. He sneered, ‘You think what you like. Whatever you damned like. As it happens, I did go back out again on that evening. I was home around 10.15, and I went back out about midnight. But look – I honestly did just see what I told you I saw – nothing else, nothing else at all. You must tell Brightland that. I shouldn’t have lied about coming home from the meeting, it was stupid. It just seemed easiest.’
‘Fine.’
Pritchard breathed out. ‘Yes, well – ’
‘Fine as far as it goes. But it doesn’t go far enough. I’m not interested in your meetings, or your friend who was in distress, or any of that. I’m interested in one thing alone. If you were heading towards the city, rather than away from it, then that van that drove off with poor Chloe in the back went in the same direction as you did. And you saw it drive off in your rear view mirror. Yes?’
‘Yes, yes. Okay.’
‘That means you must have seen more than you let on – all those boring details such as what the driver looked like, where it went, what little numbers and letters it had on the index plate – those tiresome little details, far too unimportant to tell me about.’
‘No, no. You’re wrong. Actually there’s nothing like that.’
St Cloud said, ‘Don’t fuck me about this time. I’ve had quite enough of it.’
‘I didn’t see any of those things. Except – ’
He looked down, unhappily.
‘The van. It took a left at Oval tube. Down one of the side roads that head towards Brixton.’
‘What?’
‘I didn’t see anything else.’
St Cloud said in disbelief, ‘And this wasn’t worth telling the police?’
‘Look, you know why I didn’t – ’
‘Because you were too shit scared to tell Brightland in case he wondered where you were going that time of night, because you spent the evening shafting him up the arse – commercially speaking, of course.’
Pritchard tried to muster some dignity.
‘Look, you’ve had it now. You must choose what you think is best. You don’t have to tell Brightland anything, as far as I can see. You can tell him about XRB and Kriek and everything if you choose to, but that’s really none of your business, I’m not sure you even understand enough of it to tell anyone about it, actually. It’s far less black and white than you would like to believe. As for the van – yes, I saw it drive off, it followed me, it turned off down a side road, towards Brixton. That’s the last I saw of it, the last I thought about it. I don’t see it’s such a big deal. Tell the police if you will, tell Brightland, tell the girl, anyone – but it won’t catch them, will it, and so it won’t make anything better – not for you, not for anyone.’
St Cloud said, ‘It sticks in my craw, though.’
‘Well – ’
‘It doesn’t just stick in it, it fills my up fucking craw. You think your greasy deal means more than information about a girl getting raped – yes yes, even if it is a small piece of information. And you can’t make that judgment, anyway. You don’t know how big a piece of information it might have been – if you’d told it to anyone straight away, that it. They may have been caught on CCTV down that road, stopped for petrol, done a speed camera, anything. There might be a nosy old lady who lives in one of the houses who saw it speeding and wrote down the number plate – and your waiting this long might have cocked it all up.’
He turned towards the door.
‘But forget it. I’m sure you won’t lose any sleep over it.’
He walked outside. It wasn’t so bright outside any more. He got back in the car. He was tired. He was hung over. He was furious. What angered him most was that Pritchard was right – none of it really would make any difference. And if you looked at it in those terms, whatever St Cloud said – maybe his deception wasn’t so bad. St Cloud thought about calling Brightland, and got his phone out. No, it was the wrong damned phone. It was the Nokia. With a start, he remembered its history; he opened the glove box and shoved it away, out of sight. He looked back at the road.
Then he opened the glove box again, and pulled out the phone. It was time to get rid of it. 



Croydon is a shit hole.
It is grey and flat and full of ugly buildings and ugly people and yet it wants to be some sort of little London, which is patently absurd, for it has no river, no history, and no life – just a doll’s house clock tower, a concrete cave of a shopping centre, and pubs full of chemical smells, old wankers and prepubescent whores. Instead of a tube it has a clanking tram, a purple and pitiful chav wagon, which skirts by with a whoosh and every so often collides with an unlucky car. The tram wires and the lines and the steel fences and concrete bollards mean it resembles the grimmest parts of Eastern Europe. And that is ironic: somebody with a sense of humour put the UK’s immigration centre here, as if to act as a deterrent, as if to ask the poor bastards in the long, snaking queue: “Is this really better? Is this really what you wanted?” 
They still queue, though.
To escape the vile clutches of the trams St Cloud drove the underpass and then threw a left into the centre, passing office blocks, multi-storey car parks, and other uber-prosaic things. Somebody had tried to start a tapas bar in one of the side streets, he noticed; he wondered how long it would take the bank to foreclose or force the manager to put in poles and girls and Sky Sports instead. He found the Brighton Road easily enough, running north south through the town, like a bayonet through a carcass. Halfway down amongst dismal shops he found it: the Blue Lagoon. Seen from the front it appeared to be running a risk of upsetting the Trades Descriptions Act, for there was no lagoon and nothing that was blue: just a low-rise, pebble-dashed concrete hole with wooden doors and steel shutters, covered in bird shit and luminous green graffiti tags. He took the next turning and parked up, got out a cigarette, and lit it. Outside marched an army of cut-price chavs, wrinkled old cougars with slag-tags, teenage girls with rouged faces and coal-black eyes. It was twilight: the shop lights lit the road: hair salons, newsagents, fast food joints. One of these was a nasty chicken place. On the wall behind a counter was what looked like a stained and dirty hygiene certificate, and a professional football team, one of those where grown men sit in shorts grinning behind dismal boards advertising beer and car dealerships. St Cloud groaned. How he longed for the real London, the London of stone and water, of Hawksmoor churches and Highgate graves, not this grit-grey suburban desert. He lit another cigarette. Buses came and went, buses full of people with raincoats and umbrellas, big black women with walking sticks, old stooped white men with Rupert Bear scarves. Inside the chicken place a couple of apron-clad Turks had an argument, waving knives. Life-ravaged children and paint-spattered decorators wandered in and out, apparently without purpose. Outside at a bus stop a girl smoked a joint and stared at the ground. She wore fuchsia lipstick, and hooped earrings you could set alight and jump a motorbike through. Groups of hoodies rambled along, menacing everything and nothing. Queueing cars coughed polluting clouds and murmured soft, idle guilt.
In this way a gloomy afternoon became evening.
At 8 o’clock he got out of the car and walked around to the front of the place. The shutters were gone and the door was open. Two gorillas in monkey suits stood outside, red-faced from the cold, blowing on their hands, steam rising from their ears. A couple of girls walked inside, jet microskirts and snow-white legs impervious to the cold. Behind the cash counter sat an old woman with a teardrop tattoo and a face like a lemur chewing lemons, reading a book titled “Are you too nice to succeed?”; the girls didn’t even glance at her. She carried on reading. It didn’t look like girls in short skirts had to pay. It didn’t look that kind of a club.
St Cloud walked up to one of the bouncers, and said:
‘Here to see the manager.’
‘Who?’
‘The manager.’
The two shot a look at one another. One of them shrugged. St Cloud didn’t exactly understand that.
The one with the voice said, ‘He’s expecting you?’
St Cloud nodded vaguely.
The two conferred. Then one of them shrugged, took a step away, reached into his pocket, brought out a phone, and pressed a couple of buttons with cold, fat fingers. Then he glued the phone to his ear and walked up and down for a while, his breath making silver plumes in the night air, his shoulders going up and down like a piston. There seemed to be an awful lot of shrugging going on.
The man put the phone away and turned back.
He expected them to ask for his name. But they didn’t.
The first man just said to the other, ‘I spoke to that Mr Lynch. Doesn’t know anything about it. But says better show him through to the office.’
The second man nodded and stood out of his way. ‘Right through to the end. Door’s on the right.’
St Cloud passed inside. It was night-dark. Matt-black painted partitions separated two rooms, their floors stroked by the occasional strobe light. Speaker cabinets against each wall pumped thumping beats and screaming Latinos on digital delay. As his eyes adjusted to his surroundings he saw empty spaces: the place was barely a quarter full. Groups gathered in corners – girls with bling and chunky legs, little runty boys with gelled hair and protruding ears, faces like hyenas. The girls looked at each other, talked above the music, sucked straws, stretched eyes, wiggled heads. The boys looked at the ground, and then sharply to the side, as if crossing a railway, always pretending something else was interesting. It was the usual zoo. He let them get on with it.
There was a bar in the middle, worked by a man in a black waistcoat and black shirt, who smiled lazily, showing gold teeth. He saw St Cloud and then looked up and beyond him, in the direction of the street door. St Cloud turned. A man had arrived after him, and was engaged in conversation with the two bouncers. His attention was caught: the man wore leathers and held a motorbike helmet in his hand. He didn’t look any like a weekday clubber. The bouncers were saying something. The man pointed into the club.
St Cloud walked through the bar; the club was bigger than he thought. When he turned back the man in leathers was no longer there. He walked on, to a back room, which was even darker; now he could just make out another dance floor, a couple of low tables and a run of low sofas. Nobody was making out on them, yet. Set into the wall was the faint outline of a door. He found a handle, opened it, and passed through to a small, yellow lobby, with an old fading carpet and peeling paint on the walls. He shut the door behind him; the music dropped a notch. There was a door ahead, unmarked, and another to the left, which said Private. He took the unmarked one. It seemed more polite.
It opened out to a yard, cold and unlit, enclosed by two walls and what looked like the back of a garage. Above the roof he could see clouds, sodium lit from below, and a couple of twinkling stars beyond. Set into the wall on the left was a long run of windows, low-lit, which projected a dim light on to the yard itself, showing a pile of junk – broken bar-stools, rolls of carpets, chairs, old tarpaulins, fence panels, bricks. He turned back into the lobby.
The door from the club opened.
The motorbike man stood there, the helmet held by his side.
He was six feet six and built like a brick shithouse. He had blonde hair, eyes with blue smears like dirty billiard balls, and throbbing veins where his forehead should have been.
St Cloud said, ‘What – ’
The man threw out a fist, flat and hard as an anvil. It struck his chin and rocked him backwards. Instantly another blow came, sending him through the doorway and out into the night air. He hit the concrete floor of the yard with a thud. Above him the door flew back on its hinges and the man was upon him, a hand grabbing at his neck, his head grinding against the wood and concrete below. He felt for the ground to lever himself up but he lay across the pile of junk and there was nothing to push against. A punch to the abdomen doubled him up and, with his senses dulled, he saw an uppercut coming a hundred years too late. His head flew backwards, slapped a piece of wood and bounced like a basketball. Above him the man climbed to his feet.
He yelled, ‘What – ?’
The motorcycle helmet answered. It got swung back and smacked against his jaw, a cold white flash in the dark. Shock waves coursed his body. Now there was warm, salty blood in his mouth. The white shape dissolved and then came again; he raised a hand but too late. Another smack, and his face spun over and hit the cold ground, along with the air from his lungs and flecks with blood and vomit. He took a plunging breath and rolled back. He thought of words that could rescue him, didn’t find any, thought of insults that would make him feel better, didn’t find any of those either, so he just said,
‘This – this is nuts.’
The man lurched forward, grabbed his face and squashed it like an orange. St Cloud reached for the wrists, but they were thick as trees and didn’t move an inch. A moment later there were fingers on his neck, huge fingers, clutching at him, squeezing the life out of him. He gave up on the wrists, and scrabbled either side with his hands, until his fingers closed around something solid: a piece of wood, sharp to the touch with old nails protruding from it. He closed a hand around it, grabbed it tight, and then brought it up and thrashed it somewhere above him. The grip of the big fingers eased slightly. He thrashed again. The fingers lost their grip. He rolled over and scrambled to his feet. In the half-light of the yard the man stood on his haunches, holding his head. St Cloud gripped the wooden post and hit him again, and again, until the big hands were clutching at the big head and wine-dark blood was running through the fingers.
He took a couple of backward steps, almost falling on the uneven pile, but did not drop the wooden post. The brute lifted his head, and looked around. Then, eyes fixed on St Cloud, he raised himself up to his full height. Slowly and purposefully the man took a step forward and raised his giant hands, balled into fists the size of sledgehammers. St Cloud brought the wooden post up, waited for another step to bring the brute into range, and then he slogged with all his might, like Kevin Pieterson on 94. He felt the gritty slap as the post connected with the face, felt the judder as the rusty nails drove into the cheekbone, and he let the post go. It flew across the yard, tumbling into the darkness, ripping flesh and bone. 
The man crumbled to the ground. 
There came shouts from the doorway, and two figures appeared, silhouetted in the light of the yellow lobby. An outside light clicked on. The men were both around thirty. One was black and had a face that was stretched tight across his nose and jaw, so that it looked like someone had once yanked it hard and knotted it at the scruff of his neck. The other was white, short and running to fat. The second man brought up a flashlight and shone it at St Cloud, standing on the pile of junk, and down at the brute, collapsed in a heap at his feet.
They didn’t look like clubbers; they didn’t look like day-trippers or the woodland folk.
They looked like trouble.
St Cloud said: ‘This isn’t what it looks like.’
The men exchanged glances.
‘Get them out of here,’ said the one with the tight face.
‘Wait,’ said the other.
St Cloud said breathlessly, ‘I came to see the manager.’
The two looked at each other, confused.
That was the second time that had happened tonight.
The stocky white man said, ‘Take them inside, in to the back room.’
He turned the torch beam to St Cloud’s face. From behind it he said, ‘Get inside. Don’t fuck us about.’
He walked back inside. The two men propelled him through the lobby, and through the door marked Private. Behind him the brute was brought to his feet, and propelled in the same direction. The two men followed, sharing nervous looks and trying their best to keep blood off their clothes, like the ushers at a gypsy wedding.



The room they entered was like the games room of a member’s club. It had a full-size snooker table in the middle, lit professionally by a square, black light suspended above it, armchairs either side in little groups, barstools dotted here and there, and against the left-hand wall a mobile bar with upturned spirit bottles and optics lining the wall. One wall had no windows at all, just dark wood snooker scoreboards with brass runners, and a dartboard: from behind this wall came the dull boom of the nightclub itself. Opposite this a run of crittal windows gazed out on the junk piled in the yard. One was open, and thin pink curtains fluttered in the night breeze. 
Behind the bar was a 30-something guy with long, curly hair that was a dirty mixture of blonde and grey. St Cloud recognised him as the man he had seen three nights ago taking his seat at the boxing match. This was not all: seated on a stool at the bar was Dennis Pugh, wearing a rather odd cravat, drinking what looked like brandy or scotch from a heavy tumbler. The other two men motioned St Cloud to a barstool, where he sat and wiped blood from his mouth. Dennis Pugh studied him with interest. The brute was left standing, his face hanging open and his eyes bulging, eyed warily by all – like an exhibit, like a circus bear.
Tight face turned to the other. ‘Carl, get Mr Lynch.’
The other man disappeared through a door at the far end, and then reappeared moments later followed by a short black man wearing a moustache, a turquoise shirt and matching tie, and a nervous, chinless smile that exposed his lower teeth, which appeared to be holding in back a river of apprehension. He took in St Cloud and the bloodstained brute, and then looked at the others. He blinked a lot. Then he said, in a worried voice: ‘What the hell happened here?’
St Cloud said, ‘You’d better ask him. He’s the psychopath.’
The brute snarled.
‘Maybe we’d better get the police,’ said Mr Lynch, clearly not meaning it. 
‘Fine,’ said St Cloud, also not meaning it.
Dennis Pugh laughed. The brute glared at him.
Mr Lynch said, ‘I don’t know what the hell’s going on. We can’t have trouble here, not tonight.’
Tight face said, ‘They were scrapping in the yard.’
Mr Lynch looked at St Cloud. ‘Why? Who are you, what’s going on?’
St Cloud said, ‘Don’t ask me.’
Mr Lynch turned to the brute. ‘Well?’
The brute yelled, ‘He’s fucking my wife.’
They all looked at St Cloud, who gaped.
Dennis Pugh laughed again, a deep, resonant sound.
‘Shut up, will you?’ snapped tight face, in response.
The drinking man stopped laughing. ‘L’affaire du coeur, it seems. Or should we say, l’affaire du cock.’
Mr Lynch said, ‘Leave it, Dennis.’
‘Her queendom for a trousering.’
The brute growled, ‘You laugh at me, mate, I’ll take your fucking head off.’
Carl said, ‘Easy now, no trouble here.’
It was the party line.
Mr Lynch turned to St Cloud. ‘I don’t get this. You and the wife are  –’
St Cloud said, ‘No,’ thought about saying something further, and then just said again, ‘No.’
The brute cried, ‘Fuck off you’re not.’
St Cloud looked at him and said, ‘Really, I don’t – ’
‘I followed you, son. Last night. I saw you. Tower Hill, with her in the fucking dark. And before that. I saw you in and out of her office.’
Dennis Pugh said, ‘I’ve not heard it called that.’
The brute yelled, ‘Shut the fuck up, you.’ He looked warily from one to another. ‘It was her birthday, and all. She said she was seeing her friends. Girl friends. She was with him. In the dark. Her fucking birthday.’
Mr Lynch whistled and shook his head. ‘Man, that’s bad.’
Dennis Pugh slurred, ‘Condemned by that moral colossus, the Caribbean male.’
The brute had had enough of dreaming-spires verbosity. He took a step towards Pugh, bared his teeth, and rattled: ‘Come here you cunt.’
Mr Lynch insisted, ‘No, no. We can’t have trouble here. Not tonight.’
The brute stopped, and looked at all of them. St Cloud tried to muster some dignity.
‘Look, this psycho hasn’t got the right stick, let alone the right end of it. I don’t know him from Adam. If he’s who I think he is, then actually I did bump into his wife once by accident, but there’s nothing in that. She works with somebody I know, that’s all. God knows why he’s followed me here. I’ve come here to see somebody, that’s all.’
‘Let’s leave them to it,’ suggested tight face. ‘Let them fight. Dennis might get off on it.’
Dennis Pugh snapped, ‘Watch your tongue, you little prick.’
Mr Lynch was a broken record. ‘We can’t have trouble here. Not tonight.’
The brute said, ‘I’ll take his fucking head off.’
St Cloud turned to the others. ‘Psycho here has put two and two together and got five. I’ve heard of jealous types, but this guy is nuts.’ That didn’t seem to make a lot of difference, so he added, ‘I came to see somebody here, I took the wrong door, ran into this bear with a sore head and it all kicked off.’
Tight face said, ‘I don’t know how they got in here in the first place. And they’re in the way, aren’t they?’
Mr Lynch said, ‘As long as this is all it is. What this man says. About the wife.’
The brute hissed, ‘I’m going to fucking – ’
Carl said, ‘Easy, tiger.’
Mr Lynch said to St Cloud. ‘You said you came to see somebody.’
St Cloud nodded. ‘Ryan.’
A lot of glances got exchanged, at that.
Tight face asked, ‘Who?’ but it didn’t fool anybody.
St Cloud replied, ‘Ryan. The manager here.’
Mr Lynch said, ‘He know you were coming?’
St Cloud said, ‘Not exactly.’
‘What did you come for?’
‘A bit of business.’
‘Nightclub business?’
‘Other business.’
They all looked at one another again.
Dennis Pugh said, ‘Monkey business,’ but nobody listened.
Carl said, ‘Fuck it. This is sounding like bad news.’
Mr Lynch said, ‘What other business?’
St Cloud said, ‘I hear he’s got some equipment for sale. Music equipment. I want to buy it.’
But nobody bought it.
Tight face said, ‘I don’t know how they got in, either of them. I don’t know what those pricks on the door think they get paid for.’
Carl said, ‘They want a roasting.’
Dennis Pugh said, ‘The wife is already in receipt.’
The brute snarled and cracked knuckles.
Mr Lynch shook his head. ‘It isn’t as easy as that, boys. Not if he’s here to see the boy. The man’s going to need to know.’
The others all shook their heads.
Tight face said, ‘No way. Just get rid.’ 
Mr Lynch said, ‘I mean it.’
Carl said, ‘Get them out of here. Nobody needs to know.’
St Cloud cut in: ‘Look, enough of this. If Ryan isn’t here to see me, or he’s too busy, then just tell me. I’m a busy man. If the neighbours want to report me for anti-social behaviour, so be it. If Ryan wants his back yard cleaned up, I’ll send him twenty quid. Otherwise I’d rather get on with my business and be out of here. Maybe you can keep the Wookie here for a while – at least until my business is done and I get the key in the ignition.’
Mr Lynch and the others looked at each other. Dennis Pugh rubbed his nose, and poured another drink. The brute glowered at everybody. St Cloud slid off the stool and took a step towards the door.
What happened next, however, stopped him in his tracks.



The man behind the bar said: 
‘You want to watch him. His name is Michael St Cloud. I don’t know what he does now, but he used to work for Scotland Yard.’
He felt their eyes upon him, like cold hands.
St Cloud looked back at the face, the familiar face. No, not a face from the TV, or anything like it: with a sinking heart he realised it was the face of a colleague, a detective from years ago, when the hair was blonder and the waistline thinner, from the Crime Squad at West End Central, back in the nineties when the TDCs got paid to sit in the Zoo Bar and watch Algerians approbate chair-slung handbags.
‘A cop?’ asked Mr Lynch, unhappily.
Blonde and curly shook his head. ‘Close, though. Forensics, somewhere fancy.’
Mr Lynch said, ‘Shit. That changes things.’
‘Listen – ’ said St Cloud.
‘Shut up.’ Mr Lynch thought for a minute. He flashed a troubled look at St Cloud, then at the blonde and curly man, then at the others. Finally he turned to the brute. ‘And you, man, what’s your story?’
His story was short and blunt, and the opening line was a swing of his fist. Mr Lynch jumped backwards in fright, and made a noise like a dog being set alight. Carl stepped in. 
‘Easy, tiger.’
The brute wiped his forehead; blood and sweat dripped on to the carpet. 
That seemed to make Mr Lynch’s mind up. ‘Let’s get the big guy out of here at least. He’s going to make a mess.’
Carl drew himself up an inch or two. But he was still a good elevator ride below the other.
He raised a hand. The brute warned, ‘Don’t touch me.’
Carl replied evenly, ‘Come on, big guy. Let’s get walking.’
He lifted the hand.
He placed the hand flat on the leather of the brute’s chest.
There was a leaden silence, the kind you get in poker games and board meetings, when everybody knows a fatal mistake has been made.
The brute roared, swept a forearm out, and knocked Carl clean off his feet. Mr Lynch said, ‘Shit,’ and stepped back. The brute threw out his knuckles, as if shaking them dry under a hot air blower, and then he punched the rising Carl on the nose, which broke with a cracking sound. Mr Lynch said, ‘Stop it.’ Nobody listened. Tight face, long-limbed and strung tight, weighed in. The brute broke him with a swift uppercut, dumped him on his back, slammed his undersized head against the floor, and stamped on it, cracking teeth. He turned back to Carl and distributed a shattering kick to the face; then with a savage leer he lifted his foot again, high in the air –
Dennis Pugh pulled out an automatic and shot him dead.



For a while nothing moved but the curtains in the breeze.



The two men lay prone amongst a sticky, smeary pool of blood on the carpet. Carl’s legs twitched slightly. Tight face whimpered a little. Mr Lynch just stared. Blonde and curly had a hand clamped on the top of his head, seemingly fixed there. Dennis Pugh held a glass of spirits in one hand and a black Walther PPK in the other, shaking so violently you could hear his teeth rattle.
‘Shit,’ said Mr Lynch eventually.
That didn’t make any difference to anything.
‘What the hell, Dennis,’ said blonde and curly, each syllable piling up on the last, like carriages in a train crash.
Dennis Pugh gibbered like jelly. The Walther clattered to the floor.
St Cloud walked over to the brute. There was a small round hole above his right eye, a splayed mess where the bullet had left the side of his head, and a thick, opaque pool of blood creeping across the carpet, topped with a smear of scummy bubbles and seasoned with scalp. The man was as dead as any gunshot victim St Cloud had ever seen, and he had seen plenty. On the peach carpet, and creeping up the legs of the snooker table, was a feathery pattern of blood spots.
‘Don’t bother with an ambulance,’ he told them.
Nobody looked like they were going to. 
Dennis Pugh started to emit little high-pitched whines, like a smoke alarm running out of battery.
Mr Lynch came out of his reverie.
‘Jesus.’
Dennis Pugh whined again, and jumped a little as he did so.
Mr Lynch said musically, ‘Jesus, Jesus, Jesus.’
Blonde and curly said, ‘This is really fucked,’ and scooped handfuls of hair.
More blood seeped around the brute’s head. St Cloud said, ‘He used to beat his wife up.’ But nobody was listening.



Tight face sat up and looked around him. His eyes looked like somebody had dug oil wells in his face, and his nose was a map of Holland. He turned slowly, like he was looking for something that he couldn’t find. It was probably the guy who had been using him as a prayer mat. Next to him Carl lay prone, wheezing noisily, eyes staring at the ceiling.
Blonde and curly said, ‘Somebody had better tell the man.’
‘No, not yet.’ Mr Lynch was sweating.
Dennis Pugh laughed suddenly, and murmured:
‘Pop goes the weasel.’
Everybody who was still conscious looked at him.
He laughed again. ‘Pop goes –’ The polished voice was uncontrolled, the syllables drawn and wavy. ‘Assault from the flanks. Weasel from the flanks.’ His chin was covered in a mixture of tears and dribble.
Blonde and curly said, ‘I’m going to tell the man.’
‘No,’ replied Mr Lynch again.
Dennis Pugh looked up and saw St Cloud, and said softly, ‘Was he your brother?’
St Cloud shook his head.
‘Someone’s brother, though. Of course, yes – that’s right.’
Blonde and curly said, ‘How the fuck did Dennis get hold of that gun?’
Mr Lynch said, ‘God only knows.’
‘You should have kept an eye on him. I said it before, didn’t I?’
Mr Lynch intoned, ‘Not my fault Carl can’t keep track of his things. Not my fault Dennis has been given ideas.’ He put a hand to his head, appearing to search for more phrases that started “not my fault”. When he gave up on this, he said, ‘Okay, we’ll just have to sort this out,’ and turned to blonde and curly. ‘Rod, see if Bettenson’s wife is still downstairs. We’d better get the boys seen to. And not a word to anybody else there, I mean it. The man is going to go crazy when he finds out. Not when things were looking so controlled here. It won’t just be Dennis who’s in the shit. It’ll be all of us.’ He paced around the room, then said: ‘Actually Rod, see if Bettenson’s still here. He might not have left with the other one, yet.’
Blonde and curly – Rod – went back behind the bar and picked up a handset. He spoke in low, sullen tones, then said, ‘Bettenson’s still here. I told him to wait in the garage. I didn’t say why.’
‘Good. Don’t let him come in here. We need his wife, too. She used to be a nurse.’
‘She’s down in the kitchen.’
Mr Lynch showed those worried teeth again. ‘Let’s get the boys down there, then. Rod, you stay here and clear this place up. I’ll take Dennis somewhere.’
Rod said, ‘We’d better tell the man.’
‘Later,’ said Mr Lynch. ‘There’ll time for that later. First get that big lump out of here. There’s time for all the rest later.’
Rod jerked a thumb at St Cloud. ‘What about him?’
Mr Lynch said, ‘He can help you.’
‘Hold on – ’
‘You can talk about old times.’
Rod didn’t look any happier than St Cloud at that. Mr Lynch took the tumbler from Dennis Pugh’s hands, and put it on the bar. Gently he lifted him up off the stool and propelled him through the far door and out of sight. From the floor came a moaning noise, and tight face climbed gingerly to his feet, where he rubbed his face, saw the brute, swore like hell, rubbed his face again, and gave Carl a shake. Carl took a little longer: but eventually he followed the same routine. The two of them looked as though they had been trampled by elephants. Mr Lynch yelled from beyond the door, and the two took gingerly to their feet, the walking wounded. They followed him through the far door and out of the room.
That left just the three of them – including the dead man.
Rod picked up the Walther. ‘You need to not get any ideas.’
St Cloud said, ‘I don’t know what you mean by that.’
‘Just don’t. Don’t get ideas. You’re in this like the rest of us are in it.’
St Cloud said evenly, ‘If we choose to be.’
‘Choice doesn’t come into it. The man has German Shepherds ready and waiting.’



St Cloud felt his mouth; it was cut. He looked down at the carpet, and the dead man’s blood seeping across it, and decided it wasn’t time for cocktails: he brought his shirt up to his mouth and wiped it, careful to keep the blood from dripping to the floor. Now the shooting was over and his ears were beginning to come back to life he could hear the dull throb of music from the club.
Rod poured himself a drink, and didn’t offer one to St Cloud.
St Cloud said, ‘We worked together once, didn’t we? The old 1 Area? That’s how you know who I am.’
Rod said brusquely, ‘You’re St Cloud. Everybody knows who you are. Everybody in the job, anyway.’
‘I’m not in the job. Not any more.’
‘No. I heard.’
He took a drink. Neither of them looked at the blood on the floor, or the man lying dead at their feet.
St Cloud asked, ‘What happened to you?’
Rod paused, then said, ‘Same as you.’
‘I’d be surprised at that.’
‘You shouldn’t be. You’re not so special.’ He went behind the bar and topped up his drink. ‘I fucked up and they kicked me out. Only with me, all anybody lost was a few quid and that was enough for a straight sacking. You know that intranet thing they have?’
St Cloud did.
‘Named and shamed on the home page. People logged on and got a picture of yours truly, in amongst a load of moralising shit.’ He turned to St Cloud, and his eyes narrowed. ‘I guess I wasn’t a favoured son. I didn’t get the chance to be “required to resign”. And in my case nobody died, so work that out.’
St Cloud remarked, ‘I assure you I don’t feel like a favoured son.’
‘You surprise me. Still got your pension coming. Nobody turning your bedroom over at five in the morning. And no time inside, trading your arse for a packet of fags.’ Rod poured another drink. ‘Just because nobody shamed you, don’t think you’re anonymous. The man might know who you are. He might even know what happened to you. He tends to know things like that.’
‘The man? Do you mean Paddy Edelman, by any chance?’
‘You know who I’m talking about. Don’t fuck with me. I don’t buy that story that says you were screwing this poor bastard’s wife.’ He kicked the dead brute on the arm. It didn’t budge. ‘What I remember of you, St Cloud, you’re slippery. And that you always had big fish to fry. Bit of a favourite of the AC, if I heard right. If you ask me, you’re up to something. A big lump kicking shit out of you in the yard looks to me like your swipe card to get into this place. Tonight, of all nights. Some would call that a coincidence. A hell of a coincidence. You said you came to see somebody. That was the boy, of course.’
‘The boy?’
‘Play dumb all you want. The boy likes planks, all right. Surrounds himself with them. You fit the bill, all right.’
‘I don’t know any boys,’ St Cloud retorted. ‘Except a Somalian boy who got himself shot in Blackheath about a month ago. But that’s old news here, isn’t it?’
Rod looked confused. ‘Uh?’
‘Pretty heartless way to dispense with the base grades, the street staff. No wonder you don’t judge Dennis Pugh so harshly. Nobody likes to look a hypocrite.’
‘What are you on about?’
‘I’m on about a dead Somalian boy called Jama. No gear, no wallet and no phone. And no Federation to pay for his funeral expenses – not if you’re working for this organisation.’
‘You’ve got an imagination.’ Rod looked genuinely baffled. ‘And I’d say this is just more of your smoke and mirrors bullshit. You’re dipping a toe into deep waters, you are. You want to watch what you say.’ He kicked the brute again. ‘It isn’t me who’s heartless. You don’t look too cut up that your friend’s brains are on the floor.’
‘The piece of meat isn’t my friend.’
‘No?’
 ‘He’s a psycho who used to beat his wife.’
‘Put that on his gravestone.’
‘I don’t think he’s going to get one. It would ruin the look of the man’s patio.’
‘Very funny.’
Rod poured another drink. That made three.
St Cloud asked, ‘How do you know “the man” anyway?’
‘That ain’t your business.’
‘Let me guess. Regional Crime Squad, mid-nineties.’
‘You think you’re smart, don’t you?’
‘Bad apple pie, if I remember rightly. Or should I say bad apple crumble. You all crumbled, under the weight of a few quid in your pocket. Did “the man” offer you a final salary pension scheme?’
‘You don’t know shit.’
‘No?’
‘No. Like I say, the boy likes planks. You don’t know shit about what goes on here, and neither does he, whatever questions he asks.’
‘The Somalian boy is too dead to ask questions.’
‘You know who I’m talking about. The boy.’
‘Ryan Edelman?’
Rod looked up. ‘You’ve got a nerve, I’ll say that.’
There came a knock on the door. 
Rod said, ‘Okay, let’s go.’
‘Where?’
‘That yard outside. There are a couple of tarps. You’re helping.’
‘Helping?’
‘You heard Mr Lynch.’
‘And if I don’t wish to?’
Rod snorted. ‘You don’t get any wishes, mate. Not here.’
‘Not even a last request?’
‘It will be your last fucking request if you don’t play ball.’
‘I’ll be offered an exciting position in the foundations of his next nightclub?’
‘Nothing so permanent. The man will chop your cock off, turn it into a quill, dip it in the stump and get you to write a letter to the cops about how you killed this nasty man who caught you boning his missus and whacked you in the face.’
St Cloud whistled. ‘Tales of mystery and imagination. You should write Gothic novels.’
‘And you should watch yourself, you smartarse wanker.’
He wandered out, into the yellow lobby and out into the courtyard. St Cloud followed. Opposite there was a light on in the garage, which cast a paltry gloom across the yard. From amongst the wood and old chairs on the pile Rod brought out an old, paint-spattered tarpaulin, which between them they dragged inside the room and laid out on the floor.
St Cloud had moved dead bodies numerous times before, and knew the drill: without invitation he took hold of the straps on the brute’s leather trousers and used it to swing the midriff across and on to the tarp, while a cursing Rod got the wet end, the head sliding across the treacly blood. St Cloud showed him how to scrunch the ends of the tarp and swan-neck them, so that it looked more like a roll of roofing felt than a human being.
St Cloud said, ‘We need some tape.’
‘Just tie it up. It doesn’t have to be your usual. The Coroner won’t put in a complaint.’
They dragged it out, bumped it through the yellow lobby, into the yard and threw it with a dry smack on to the hard floor. The cold air licked sweat on St Cloud’s neck. Rod was sweating, too.
‘What now?’
‘We wait.’
‘For what?’
Rod said, ‘For the boys to get patched up.’
‘They took a hammering.’
‘Serves them right. Cocky little wankers.’
Removal of the dead is a two-man job, a back-breaking job, a journey into messy, intimate spaces – a strange, comradely job. Rod pulled out a cigarette, put it in his mouth, and offered one to St Cloud.
He took it, and said: ‘I don’t get the set-up, here.’
‘What set-up?’
‘Well, for a start, Dennis Pugh. What’s he doing here.’
‘He’s a guest. He’s a friend of the man.’
‘A friend?’
‘He makes the man laugh.’
‘By shooting people?’
‘Nah. By being Dennis. Mad as a fucking mongoose.’ Rod drew on the cigarette. ‘Permanently on the edge. Spends the day on Glenmorangie and the night powdering his nose so white he looks like Shane fucking Warne. He was always going to blow, one day. Could have happened anywhere, in public, on one of them chat shows even. Someone should have kept a closer eye on him.’
‘Maybe you should have got him sectioned. He’s a loon.’
‘Funny guy, though.’
‘Funny ha-ha – I don’t think.’
‘Got that way about him, like you see on the telly. Uses long words. And he knows things, weird facts about all sorts. Got an education, hasn’t he. The man likes that. The man likes to know odd things. The man likes having him around.’
‘Does “the man” pay for these larks?’
Rod shook his head. ‘He don’t need to. When you know chapter and verse about the 11-year-old Piccadilly backsides that fat toff has tooled, you don’t need to pay. The man could finish Pugh’s career in a heartbeat.’
‘Pugh might finish him first. Right between the eyes.’
‘No chance. Just a soft old queen, taken too much sauce.’
St Cloud took a drag on the cigarette.
‘Who let him have the Walther?’
‘Carl. Stupid fucker. Dennis likes playing with it. Gives him a lazy one to put his finger on the trigger. None of us thought he’d know how to use it, not properly. He must have picked it up in all that shenanigans earlier.’
‘It was a hell of a shot, from that range.’
‘You’d know, of course.’
‘Perhaps.’
‘Surprised you didn’t stick some probe through it, that’s what you ghouls like to do, isn’t it?’
‘Not exactly.’
‘And you can forget looking for the shell case. I picked it up.’
‘Clever you.’
There came the hoot of a horn from the garage.
Rod ground his cigarette into the concrete. ‘Let’s go.’
St Cloud looked over his shoulder. ‘What about that clean up job you were asked to do?’
‘Bettenson and his wife can do it.’
‘They can bring a whole industrial cleaning team. It won’t work.’
Rod raised an eyebrow. ‘No?’
‘No. Luminol will still find it. The blood, I mean. Found blood on a floor in Texas, a hundred and fifty years after the American Civil War.’
Rod laughed grimly. ‘Then someone had better burn the place down.’



There came the sound of approaching footsteps. Mr Lynch appeared. He looked at the tarpaulin on the ground and nodded. Then he looked up at them. He still looked pretty nervous.
Rod said, ‘You tell the man?’
Mr Lynch nodded. ‘He wants to see you. Both of you.’
‘What about this?’ He kicked the tarp.
Mr Lynch said, ‘Deal with it after.’
Rod just flicked his eyebrows upwards, and turned and picked a path across the yard to the far corner. St Cloud followed. In the far corner was an old metal fire escape door, which Rod opened. Beyond was a set of cold, concrete steps leading down. St Cloud followed Rod down them to a basement, and through a set of double doors. St Cloud found himself in a large, dark wood-panelled room. It was warm. Three white leather sofas were placed in a U shape opposite a wide, flat television. Dennis Pugh sat on one of them. Mr Lynch walked across to him and stood over him, making him drink a glass of water. Pugh was crying and his face was pink, like somebody had just given him a slap. On the opposite sofa was a man with neat black-framed glasses and white hair in a pony-tail, and a little white computer on his lap, with a wire attached to clip-on earphones. In the lenses of the spectacles St Cloud could see the reflection of a cover of some dismal Billy Joel album. The man pulled out his earphones and looked up. The glasses were strong; the lenses magnified his blue eyes like little microscopes.
‘Who’s this?’
Rod said, ‘His name’s St Cloud. He’s the other one.’
Paddy Edelman didn’t seem to know the name. He shut the laptop, and put it on the seat next to him. Then he sat with his hands clasped together, chewed gum, and stared in front of him for a good few minutes. St Cloud saw little blue-green stars tattooed on his old, wrinkled knuckles. He said:
‘Fucking business this, Rod.’
Rod agreed. Dennis Pugh slurped over his water.
‘You’ll cover it?’
‘If you like.’
‘Good boy. Later on, yeah? Best be tonight. Get on to Jacko.’
‘Jacko?’
‘Yeah. We’ll use Barrowlands like we was going to. Tell him it’s same job, same money. Don’t take no bollocks. He owes us plenty. If the lazy fucker don’t answer you’ll have to run down there anyway, and he’ll just have to take the bad news. Carl can help, too. He’s fucked up as well, he’ll see that, he ain’t stupid. You was there, Rod?’
‘Yeah.’
‘Dennis says he was a monster.’
‘Yeah.’
‘Dennis says he didn’t have no choice.’
‘Yeah.’
‘Dennis needs looking after.’
Dennis Pugh watched the interplay silently, his popped out eyes switching between Rod and the man. He looked like an old, knowing bloodhound on a final visit to the vet.
‘We mustn’t blame him,’ said Edelman simply. ‘Those upper class wankers messed him up at school. He’s a victim of circumstance. But he’s a legend, a one off. Like Byron, Van Gogh. Or Ronnie O’ Sullivan.’ He looked up at Rod, and then at his clothing, apparently seeing for the first time that Rod was covered in blood. ‘You’d better get scrubbed up. You look a fucking mess, boy.’
Rod nodded. Then he turned and disappeared out of the door.
Paddy Edelman looked up at St Cloud.
‘We ain’t met, my friend. Not the happiest of club nights for you. I apologise for that. Not that I’m apologising for Dennis, of course. Dennis is blameless in this. Damaged early on, remarkable that he’s come as far as he has. Take a seat, friend.’
St Cloud took the sofa opposite. Edelman sat, hands clasped in front of him, brow furrowed in deep, parallel lines. ‘Maybe my boys haven’t shown you the greatest of hospitality. Which is a shame, because I’m big on manners, you know, fucking – what’s the word – yeah, “etiquette”.’
St Cloud nodded.
Edelman turned his head on the side, then back again, and said:
‘Maybe I shouldn’t apologise. I hear that bruiser was going to take your head off, on account of you servicing his bird. So maybe Dennis saved your life, after all. Life can be complicated, can’t it, but it evens itself out, don’t you think?’
St Cloud replied testily, ‘That’s the philosopher’s view. And the football pundit’s.’
‘You could say that. Yes, you could. Why do we get involved? You could ask that of me, now. Wouldn’t be surprised if you did, not at all. Know the answer? My boys can be a bit paranoid. No, that’s only half of it. It’s half them and half me. Look at me, friend. How old do you think I am?’
St Cloud thought for a minute, then said:
‘I wouldn’t like to say.’
‘No, you wouldn’t. You don’t want to upset me by getting it wrong, and that’s understandable, since you’re a guest. You think if you say I’m seventy, I’ll take your head off or something.’
Edelman laughed, a hoarse laugh built on cigarettes and emphysema.
‘Well, I’m 62. You’d think when you got to 62, you’d have learnt things, wouldn’t you, got better at things. Well, I’ll tell you something. It works the other way round. You get worse, friend. You lose things. Not just the eyesight. I’ve lost the ability to trust other people. When you get to my age, you’ll find the same.’
St Cloud said evenly, ‘I’ll look you up. You can give me life coaching.’
‘You do that, my friend. You do that. My boys here, they know me. Know my weaknesses. And they’re sensitive as a result. Hypersensitive, you might call them. They know what I’m thinking. If something happens, they know I’ll be thinking that there’s a reason. Oh, I know, you’re going to say, all kinds of random shit happens, and you’re going to quote maths and probabilities at me. And you’d be right, yeah, you’d be right. But I don’t ever feel that. Don’t feel it inside, you see. And my boys understand that, cater for it. Hardly surprising. I can be terrible with them, worrying at them. Fucking pain in the arse, they think I am.’
Mr Lynch, who had only half been listening to this, laughed, and shook his head. Dennis Pugh drank his water, like a schoolboy waiting to go out and play football in the park.
Edelman continued, ‘You’re lucky to catch me here tonight, as it goes. Not one of my normal places, this. Prefer to spend time at home. Or at one of my restaurants. But I had a bit of business tonight, kind of emergency board meeting, so to speak. That got concluded satisfactory. But then what happens? A couple of geezers come into the club and start kicking seven shades of shit out of each other – well, my boys are going to get involved with something like that, because they know what I’m going to say. That it’s connected to things. Things discussed at the board meeting. Things in the business. Connectivity, that’s the modern word, isn’t it? All things are joined up.’
‘One big computer,’ agreed St Cloud.
‘That’s a way of looking at it, indeed it is. Only you can get distracted by the connections. I get distracted by them. I can give you an example. Know what year the Titanic sank?’
 St Cloud didn’t.
‘1912. Know what year Captain Scott made it to the South Pole?
St Cloud didn’t.
‘1912.’
St Cloud gave a look of polite astonishment. It occurred to him that Edelman might be unhinged.
‘You can spend a lot of your life thinking about that. About how a man puts himself at the mercy of nature, and beats it, and how nature then beats man. Other side of the world, and everything. But ice still, yeah? Fucking ice. I read a story once about a guy who beat his wife to death with a frozen bottle of water. When the pigs arrived, the water had thawed out and they thought it was an accident. Police are always dumb as fuck, aren’t they? Even in the stories. What was we talking about? Connectivity, weren’t it? The South Pole. I’ll tell you something. I’ve studied the South Pole. Fascinating subject. You’d think that was just about snow and tents and shit like that, but let me tell you, that’s a story about people. About how people treat other people. About leadership. Should teach it to these chief execs who make such a fucking mess of their banks.’
St Cloud thought of Kriek, Lyons, and Pritchard, who might fit the description. The only Poles they encountered were the ones cleaning their houses for the minimum wage.
Edelman went on: ‘Put them in that position, see what they’d do. See who’d fuck up and who would come through it. They’d all fuck up, probably. You probably know this, my friend – you look a worldly man – but there’s an argument about who was the best – Amundsen, Scott, or Shackleton. Whole chat rooms online dedicated to it. People spend days on them. Me, I’m a Shackleton man. There’s a leader of men. The others bring something, oh yes, don’t think they don’t. You’d be fucking stupid to think that. Difference with Shackleton is, he could talk to people, sailors, skivvies, birds in the hotels, all of them – just like I’m talking to you now. Mind you, the birds in the hotels he was most likely servicing, dirty old fucker. Common touch, see, now that’s something. Not like Scott – relied on being the Captain, he did. Gordon Brown, he was a fucking Scott man. David fucking Cameron, too. Tells you everything you need to know about those. People started whispering about Scott, about his leadership. But here’s the thing, see. I always try and be like Shackleton. Use that common touch, you know, like I’m doing here, with you. But I get more like that wanker Scott. Depending on my rank, on my position, only those things. And people are getting to whispering. Whispering about me, planning fucking mutinies. Fucking mutinies.’
St Cloud said, ‘Wasn’t that Captain Bligh?’
‘Him as well. Fucked up he did, didn’t he? What’s the result? A bunch of fucking inbreds on a desert island. Mutinies always end in trouble. The other thing, they’re always fucking silent. This one was silent. I couldn’t really hear what they were saying. Like Scott. He didn’t listen enough. Heard it, but didn’t listen. If he’d listened he’d have found out where he was going wrong. He had bad judgement, see. For example, didn’t rate dogs. Thought more of ponies. Which was a mess, for a start, because ponies might look nice, might be alright at Ascot but not in the Antarctic – just freeze and aren’t any use as anything except a shitty tasting bit of meat. Dogs is better than ponies, I can tell you.’
St Cloud said prettily, ‘I’ll remember that, next time I’m thinking of getting a pony.’
Paddy Edelman nodded.
‘You do that. You strike me as a bit more of a pony man than a dog man. Got that way about you. Well, I’m a dog man, me. I like my people to be more like dogs than ponies, too. My boys, here – my boys are dogs.’
St Cloud nodded. ‘Better make sure they don’t shit on the carpet.’
From the other side of the room Dennis Pugh suddenly made a short, wild gurgling sound.
Edelman said, ‘Take Dennis out of here, Mr Lynch. Poor bloke needs a lie down.’
Mr Lynch put down the glass of water. Dennis Pugh stood, and allowed Mr Lynch to usher him out of the door. Edelman shook his head. ‘Them psychos fucked him up, good and proper. Scandalous.’ He looked around. ‘We was talking about something else. What was it?’
His confusion seemed genuine enough. St Cloud replied:
‘Dogs. The benefits viz a viz ponies beyond the 89th parallel.’
Edelman nodded sagely. ‘Scott didn’t get it. You can see why. If you’re too high, you can look too far down on a dog, I reckon. And there’s a lot about a dog to make you nervous. Especially in the Antarctic. Do you know, in the Antarctic, if you open a tin, and the dog licks it, his tongue sticks to the metal. So fucking cold, see, freezes solid. If he then puts his paws on the tin and lifts his head, he pulls his head away and leave his tongue there.’
Edelman rocked his head back and opened his mouth, exposing yellow teeth and old grey chewing gum. The hoarse laugh came galloping behind.
‘So you got to think smart, and warm the tongue up before he pulls away. Only way to do that is to piss on his tongue. Think of that, eh? Fucking disgusting. Sort of thing Scott wouldn’t know, of course. All he’d know is, his dog don’t fancy the tinned meat all of a sudden, and he can’t give decent head no more, either.’
He gave another croaky guffaw.
‘But knowing things like that – that’s what’s got me this club, my house, my restaurants, everything. Not just knowing dogs is better than ponies. Knowing not to let them at the tins. And when they do, knowing to piss on their tongues.’ 
Rod appeared at the door.
‘I’m heading back up, then, get on with it.’
‘Your friend here can come with you.’ He turned to St Cloud. ‘Hope we’ve made up for things. Rod’ll show you where to go. Remember our conversation, though.’
St Cloud said, ‘I’ll remember.’



The brute’s last words were writ large across Carl’s face. 
There was a thick purple stripe surfing a swollen wave over the bridge of his nose, and his eyes looked like a giant panda’s. He sat on the cold floor of the yard, his feet resting on his dead nemesis, smoking. Rod spoke into a mobile phone, every so often walking out of St Cloud’s earshot when he got into the details. Faint rain appeared in the yard; it hung heavy in their eyes, and their ears, and joined hands with the thick, hollow aftermath of violence. St Cloud sat on the steps leading out of the yellow lobby. Behind him the lower register of the dance music thumped and groaned, like a juggernaut being endlessly driven round the block. He thought about the birthday girl and her night out with friends, the pretty-looking thing with the fulsome body and the dark bob haircut. She would arrive home tonight to an empty house. Tomorrow it would be empty, still, and ever after. That was something, he decided. Something to balance things out. He wondered whether she and Grant had told it straight – that there had been right-handers for breakfast and black eyes for tea, that the lump of nerve and sinew in the tarp was genuine wife-beating scum, rather than a gym boy who never learnt to share. After a few minutes he stopped wondering this: he decided it wouldn’t make him feel any better about wrapping him up in a tarp and not calling any cops.
Rod cut the call.
Carl asked, ‘Jacko sweet?’
Rod said, ‘Moaning like the clappers. But he’ll do all right.’
‘We bringing the van back?’
‘No, Jacko’s taking it. We’ll get picked up from the Banker’s.’
‘Fuck it. That’s miles.’
‘Half at most. Stop moaning.’
Carl threw his cigarette on the pile and got painfully to his feet. They walked the tarpaulin over the junk pile and across the yard, Carl with the head end and Rod with the other. St Cloud sat and watched them, the light spray here and there transmogrifying the scene, like it was seen through the blur of a windscreen or a failing memory. The brute was a dead weight and the tarp, tightly rolled and dampening fast in the night air, added to it; the job was tough going for the two slightly built men. Every so often they had to stand on their heels and lift the package higher to get over the rough undulations of the pile; as they did so the tarpaulin caught on the sharp edges of spikes and nails below, dragged it back and almost toppled the men, like sailors on a squally deck. This led to a lot of cursing as they laboured to free it. Presently they made it to the far corner of the yard, where further cursing was occasioned by a tight turn into a doorway at the back of the garage. Rod dropped his end of the tarp and wandered inside. A moment later the back windows of the garage were illuminated, and then the two men dragged the tarp inside, silhouetted like removal men in a comedy skit.
Rod appeared at the back door. He yelled to St Cloud:
‘Over here.’
St Cloud just watched.
Rod yelled again, ‘Over here, sunshine. Need a hand.’
Reluctantly St Cloud got up and crossed the yard, picking his way across the junk, to the garage. Inside was a bare floor, and a single bulb without a shade, which lit an old Combo van with the back doors hanging open, and the tarp lying underneath. The van was white or pale yellow and it had seen better days: the wing mirror was broken off, there were long scratches down the side, and the bodywork was peppered with little patches of rust, like it had a bad case of the shingles. An old, faded sign along the side read, “Penny Whistle Music”.
Carl said, by way of explanation, ‘Fucker weighs a ton.’
St Cloud nodded sagely. 
Rod said, ‘Need another pair of hands. Someone in the back of the van, to hoist it – when we lift it.’
St Cloud stepped past them, over the tarp and clambered up and into the back. The floor of the van was wooden and dusty, with tools, paint pots and other uneven things spread across the floor. In the dim interior light he saw a generator, arc lights and big, chunky yellow battery units. In front of these and resting on them was a roll of old carpet, the underside showing broken stitches, marker-pen writing, and old nail holes. An old tarpaulin wasn’t going to ruin the look of the place – which was pretty much the point, of course. Rod shouted something from behind the van. St Cloud dropped to his haunches, and put a hand out to steady himself as he turned round. His hand touched the metal.
He had a sudden vision of Chloe Brightland, thrown in the back of a cold metal van on an autumn night, and made meat out of by a couple of dick-happy thugs. He looked down at the floor. Yes, this is what it would have been like – dirty, dark and uncertain. Bad enough for him, here, now, a grown man. For a girl studying her GCSEs it must have been terrifying. He remembered her in the café, eyes searching, Goth make-up adding to her foolishness, throwing in swearwords and trying to pretend to be affronted by his stipendiary intrusion into her life. He had dismissed her, of course. She had asked to put faith in him, he had told her not to, and yet she had put a little in, nonetheless. And he had dismissed her, dismissed the men who raped her, dismissed her father who wanted to protect her, got distracted by the lies of a triad of businessmen, and taken the money and run. That was what it amounted to. His hand pressed the cold metal of the van, and his boots crunched the dry dust of the wooden boards below. Now, too late, he felt the pain of it, the terror, the hurt.
Rod’s face appeared at the open door. ‘You ready or what?’
‘Yes. Okay.’
He swivelled round on his haunches, and edged towards the opening.
Chloe Brightland disappeared from view.
Carl seized one end of the tarp, and with a wheezy groan he lifted it a couple of feet, like a weightlifter struggling with a dumbbell. Rod blew on his hands, planted his feet a yard apart and did the same. They got the thing a couple of feet up. St Cloud reached over and grabbed the middle of the tarp, and tried to heave it backwards. It veered awkwardly, crashed into the lip of the van, caused a couple of the arc-light poles to clatter over backwards, and veered back out. The effect was like a crane operating a demolition ball, and not very convincingly.
‘Stop,’ yelled Rod.
St Cloud let go. Carl dropped the head end with a crash.
‘Fucking thing,’ he said.
St Cloud said, ‘Wait a second. There’s too much junk in here. We need to clear a space.’
He turned back towards the interior of the van.
Carl said, ‘You’ll have to move all that other shit, then.’
St Cloud said, ‘We could chuck it out.’
Rod said quickly, ‘No. It needs to go.’
St Cloud looked back at the arc lights and the generator. That figured.
He said, ‘Okay, well I’ll move it. Hold on.’
Rod snapped, ‘No. Carl can do that.’
Carl said, ‘Fuck off.’
St Cloud turned back to the van, got hold of the generator and slid it along the floor to the furthest corner. Then he took the arc lights and did the same, laying them flat at the back. Below these there were shovels, and a pickaxe. He took hold of the cold metal shafts of the tools, and started to prop them against the front of the compartment. Above the din he heard a voice – Rod, telling him to hurry.
He yelled, ‘Just the old carpet and I’m done.’
Rod shouted, ‘Leave that.’
‘No – it’s – ’
Leave that.
St Cloud stopped short. The air was gone from his lungs. His legs weakened. He rocked back down on to his haunches and felt for the floor. Behind him he could hear Rod place a hand on the van door.
He said quickly, ‘I’m coming, I’ll just slide it to the back.’
Leave that.
It needs to go.
He turned and crouched, positioning himself so that the men outside the van could not see past him into the interior. A million terrible thoughts crossed his mind: he had a nightmarish vision of those old faded blue stars on Edelman’s hands, large hands. In the next second he heard voices, harsh voices – panicking wildly in the aftermath of death, speaking out of turn, leaking uncontrollably – and little details: the doorman’s shrugs, the looks between tight face and the others in the room. He recalled the dribble of uncontrolled words: tonight of all nights – all that shenanigans earlier. The hands appeared in front of him once more, the skin wrinkled in the web of the fingers, the blue-green stars almost bled out into the skin.
With a shaking hand he took hold of the carpet. It was heavy, and it would not slide. He knew this, of course, by now. He knew everything about that carpet, before he even touched it. He took hold of the top of it and flapped it down.
His heart missed a beat.
The heavy eyebrows did not look any different. But the sunken eyes saw nothing. And the skin was white, and the throat was cut.



He remembered something Grant had told him, sitting in his kitchen. 
He’s making a break from them.
He remembered, too, Ryan telling him that he wouldn’t be around for Grant’s birthday in January. That was prescient. The break looked pretty permanent, now.  
Ryan had broken ranks with the family firm. Yes, and he was expecting a prison sentence – St Cloud put two and two together and made a four that said Ryan had been about to turn turkey, take a hit and watch the ship sink from a life raft called solitary confinement. He never made it to the raft, though. An emergency board meeting, Edelman had called it. Business that got “concluded satisfactory”. The thing had an icy ruthlessness. He pictured the old man downstairs with his laptop computer and his bullshit about the South Pole, listening to Dennis Pugh tell winsome jokes – perhaps about corpses being like London buses, two coming along at once. No wonder Jacko might ask for double the money to get rid of the brute: it was double the job, double the trouble.
He flapped the carpet back. He became aware that Rod and Carl had stopped talking outside the door. He turned back to them and said, as evenly as he could, ‘That old carpet weighs a ton. We’ll have to make do with it where it is.’ 
Rod and Carl seemed to accept this.
The two of them bent down, planted feet wide apart, and got hold of their ends of the tarp again, and repeated the lifting procedure of earlier. St Cloud leant over and grabbed the middle and heaved it back into the van, like a rower would pull at oars. The tarp fell across him and he found himself squashed between the tarp and the roll of carpet, the living grist in the dead mill.
He extracted himself, climbed over the tarp and then dropped back out of the van to the floor. Carl stood there, hands on hips. Rod had a cigarette in his mouth and his phone glued once more to his ear, and he was nodding into it. He looked up at St Cloud, his mouth tightening a little.
Carl shut the van doors with a slam, and dusted himself down.
Rod said, ‘Okay,’ screwed his face up and cut the phone call.
Rod put his cigarette back in his mouth, and urgently took three long puffs before he ground it under his feet. Then he said to St Cloud, ‘Here, sunshine, we’re going back downstairs. The man wants another word with you.’
St Cloud said glibly, ‘Don’t tell me. He wants to educate me about Mount Everest. Same year as the Coronation. Lots of scope for spooky bullshit in that.’
Rod made a face.
‘Come on.’
St Cloud said, ‘Of course. You don’t disappoint the man.’
Carl slumped back against the van, and crossed his arms. Rod put his arm out in an “after you” gesture and St Cloud headed out of the garage, across the yard and through the metal fire escape door. Something was different, this time. He felt Rod’s eyes burning into him from behind. He wondered if his discovery in the van had been witnessed, had occasioned the phone summons; but he decided this was unlikely.
Yet the silence continued.
And sure enough, things in the basement room were different, too. Paddy Edelman was a whole lot more animated, pacing the floor, hands on his tight little hips, grey pony-trail swishing behind him. Dennis Pugh and Mr Lynch were gone. Standing in the middle of the room, wearing a sports jacket, a polo shirt, and a scruffy pair of black chinos was a forty-something Asian guy, wearing a moustache and three days’ growth of beard, and a lop-sided grin. St Cloud gave him the slightest of looks and then looked back at the pacing, worried Edelman. 
Edelman said: ‘Thanks, Rod. You’re a good boy.’
St Cloud asked, ‘Aren’t you going to throw him a stick?’
Edelman glared at him.
St Cloud looked back at the Asian man. Something clicked.
The face was familiar.
Yes, a face St Cloud had seen before – in Vauxhall. Pretending to ask for directions and getting sent round the circuit –  
Edelman turned to the Asian man, still grinning maniacally and licking his bottom lip. His teeth were canary yellow and caked in sludge. Edelman said:
‘Well?’
The Asian man nodded. ‘Yeah, yeah, I reckon so.’
Edelman said sagely, ‘Connectivity.’
Rod asked, ‘What’s all this?’
Edelman stopped pacing. ‘Fucking connectivity.’ Edelman turned to the Asian man, ‘Are you sure? Sure it’s him?’
The man gave another short nod. ‘I reckon so.’
‘Get much of a look?’
‘Yeah, yeah.’
Rod looked between the Asian man and St Cloud, and then his face showed a flicker of understanding. ‘Oh, I get it. I told you, didn’t I? Slippery as an eel.’
As coolly as he could, St Cloud asked: ‘What’s going on?’
Edelman puckered his lips, thought for a moment, then said, ‘Hardeep’s one of my casuals. He’s being doing a little job for me, following somebody around. Came to report back, get his brass. And worse luck for you, friend, he’s eyeballed you.’
Rod said, ‘Slippery as an eel.’
Edelman said, ‘This is why we was so careful, Rod. See that now, yeah? Connectivity. Don’t know how many times I’ve said it.’
‘You said it a million times,’ agreed Rod.
St Cloud’s heart quickened. ‘Am I meant to know this guy?’
‘Oh, you know everyone, my friend.’ Paddy Edelman’s voice was steel now, and his eyes icy blue. He was no more the croaking fool of an hour ago, but a man exuding bile and menace in equal measure. 
But there was something else in the face –a trace of doubt.
He said: ‘What does it mean, though? That’s what I need to know. I need to know whether you’re in on it. The coup d’etat.’
‘The what?’
‘The coup d’etat. But not bloodless. Not fucking bloodless.’
Rod said, ‘The man wants some answers.’
St Cloud replied, ‘He can phone a friend.’
Edelman shook his head.
‘There’s a wind blowing, friend, through this place. It’s being blown by smart little fuckers – no, prodigal little fuckers – who have taken all the good things life has to give them, bitten off the hand that fed them, and fucking well vomited it back in their face.’ Paddy Edelman trafficked Class A tautology, as well as the things that came off lorries from Holland. ‘And they’re not alone. You can cut off the trunk but you’ve got to deal with the branches. They’ve got their little spies and their little friends running round town working on their behalf. Spotting which tits to suck. Spotting which veins to spill. Spotting the way in, the way in. The fucking way in. Somebody wants to sing. There’s got to be an audience, though – hasn’t there? And more than that. A reckoning. Like those fucking talent shows on TV. There’s singing and there’s a reckoning. Somebody wants to sing like a fucking canary to a bunch of old homos in wigs – well there’s always going to be a reckoning. They were going to cut his bird from fifteen to six. Well, I haven’t just cut his bird. I’ve cooked his fucking goose.’
St Cloud’s went to speak but Edelman held up a hand, cutting him off.
‘There’s never just one reckoning, son. That’s what those fucking TV mongrels don’t understand. I’m going to sell this club. I might even burn the fucking place down. I’m finding out what it is, here. A fucking rat’s nest. My own fucking club. A fucking scandal. A fucking mutiny. A fucking mutiny, and a fucking scandal.’
He shook his head violently, and then placed a hand on his forehead. ‘I’m racing here. Racing away, like fucking Fangio or something. We’d better be sure, of course. Before we get into any other fucking messes tonight. Been a night of them. Let’s be sure.’ He crossed the room to a standard lamp, and flicked it on. The room seemed smaller, and the outside world further away.
Edelman said, ‘Hardeep, come here. The big man, here, what was he up to with the fucking prodigal? Come and tell me.’
‘Tell the man,’ said Rod.
St Cloud felt knees weaken. He jutted out a jaw, dropped his hands to his sides, and prepared for the worst.
Hardeep answered, ‘I dunno. I mean, this guy comes out and has a smoke, and then the boy comes out and has a smoke.’
‘Right, right. And?’
‘The boy’s on the phone, ain’t he?’
‘And?’
‘The boy’s on the phone, and this guy gives him a light.’
‘Then what?’
‘I drove up and asked directions. This guy says take the A23. The boy says lots of crap about taking left turns, just winding me up kind of. Only I thought it wasn’t a wind up, but a clock, you now, like he’d clocked me in the motor, so I fucked off.’
‘Did you listen to their conversation?’
‘No, like I say, I fucked off.’
‘No?’
‘Went to the boy’s place. He rolled in about twelve.’
Hardeep looked a little nervous; he licked his lips again. Edelman looked at St Cloud, the cold eyes on him. St Cloud stretched his palms out. He was sweating, of course. He ought to not let them see that.
Edelman made a face.
St Cloud let the palms roll into fists.
Edelman said, ‘Well, well.’
St Cloud looked from Edelman to Hardeep, and back again. He had a choice – the hard or soft option, the lion or the mouse. It was the lion, of course.
It was always the damned lion.
He said suddenly, ‘Fuck you, old man.’
Edelman’s eyebrows shot up.
St Cloud said, ‘You don’t mess with me, not like this. I come here to see the manager about some music gear he’s selling. That’s all. Then some psycho tries to take my head off, next thing I know you’ve got some loony here thinks he’s in the wild west. That I can forget, maybe. Maybe. Done me a favour, maybe. Just maybe. Don’t push it, though. But as for this – I’m not standing for this. I don’t know what any of this is about. I don’t know this guy and I don’t know any boys, I don’t know who I’m meant to have given a light to, and I’ve never seen this scruffy fucker before, not in my whole life. And as for you, old man, you’re pissing me off, now, shouting in my face like that. Now listen – if you’re nice to me and get me a drink and say sorry, I can probably go away and forget everything I’ve seen. But you’re testing my patience now. And I won’t put up with it.’
He stopped speaking, and breathed deeply. Rod and Hardeep shared glances.
Paddy Edelman chewed on this.
Then he turned and said, ‘Hardeep, you listen very carefully to me. Lots of things depend on you now. Lots of arrangements depend on you, lots of consolidations, mergers, acquisitions. Do you know what I’m saying?’
‘Yeah, yeah.’
Edelman gave him a playful slap around the face. ‘No, no, you know fuck all, you thick fucking twat, and that suits us both. Now, this guy here. You’re sure this is the one you saw?’
‘Pretty sure.’
‘Only pretty sure?’
‘You told the man you was sure,’ Rod pointed out.
‘Well, I’m pretty sure. He was a big guy, like this one. Like I say, he clocked me so I fucked off, sharpish.’
St Cloud said, ‘For God’s sake. I’ve never this seen little shit in my life.’
Edelman stared at him, brow furrowed, worry lines like Abottabad on Google Earth. He puts his hand to his forehead and scratched it with an old, bent finger. The tattooed stars were still there. 
He said to Hardeep, ‘A big guy, you say?’
‘Pretty big.’
‘You told me the man he was big,’ Rod pointed out.
‘Well, he was pretty big. Big like this one.’
Edelman said, ‘Like this one. But not actually this one?’
‘Well, he was standing a few feet away from the boy. Didn’t get the best of looks, was only told to look out for the boy.’
‘The boy was on the phone?’
‘Yeah.’
‘Did the boy talk to the big guy?’
‘Dunno. Maybe.’
‘They was in this place together, the two of them?’
‘No, no – outside. That’s how he clocked me.’
‘I don’t know.’ Edelman looked baffled. ‘Coincidence?’
He put a hand to his head, and said, to no one in particular: ‘When I was 25 I knew everything. Was sure about everything, sure I had the best brain and the smartest suit and the biggest prick. I’m fucking losing it, now.’
Rod remarked, ‘So you’ve got to be 100% careful. Take nothing for granted.’
‘You say that, Rod, and I can see why. You’re a good boy, ain’t you? But they happen, don’t they, coincidences? I read a story once about a man who was frightened of them. They happen all right. Just because you sniff out shit, doesn’t mean it’s on every shoe. Maybe you’d be a mug to dismiss them. Coincidences.’
He put his arm on Hardeep’s shoulder. ‘Hardeep’s not the sharpest. Are you, mate?’
Hardeep grinned.
‘You’re a fucking useless twat, that’s what you are.’ Edelman turned to St Cloud. ‘Certainly not been the best of evenings for you. I hope you’ll understand my concerns.’
St Cloud nodded unsurely. Rod’s eyes burned.
He said evenly, ‘We all make mistakes.’
Edelman nodded slowly. ‘Well said, my friend.’
Rod yelled: ‘Now listen, Jesus –’
Edelman turned. ‘Now, now, Rod. Our friend here is smart. And forgiving. That’s a good way to be. Be very nice – more than that, be very important – if he can feel that way about Dennis, too.’
Rod breathed heavily.
St Cloud said carefully, ‘I could try to look on his positive side.’
Edelman said, ‘You do that, friend. Know something?’
St Cloud shook his head.
‘People love Dennis. He’s special, you see. People watch the box, they see him and they love him. They know he’s posh. They know he’s got a dicky ticker. They know he likes a tot. Deep down, they even know he can’t keep his cock in his trousers at a scout jamboree. But that’s not important. They love him. And we have to look after him, you see. Sort of in trust for the nation.’
St Cloud, watching Rod out of the corner of his eye, said:
‘Like the crown jewels.’
‘Not far off, friend. And we should thank him, shouldn’t we? He had to do what he did. That friend of yours was a mental job. Should see what he’s done to Carl’s face, he looks like the fucking elephant man. Dennis probably saved his life.’ Edelman paced the room, and turned to him. ‘Now you’ve got me in a bit of a pickle, ain’t you? Hardeep here got me to thinking you were here as some sort of a fucking cavalry. Or the second fucking battalion. Carrying a message, maybe even carrying terms of a surrender. Or the other way round, demanding terms. That wouldn’t surprise me. That would be a fucking scandal, don’t get me wrong. But it wouldn’t surprise me. Not that there’s terms to discuss. You don’t discuss terms with prodigals. You spank them, sharp, hard, and send them to bed.’
That was one way of putting it, thought St Cloud.
Edelman asked, ‘You got children?’
St Cloud shook his head. He had Bonnie instead.
‘Wise, that. You probably wouldn’t understand the hurt. Don’t ever have children, not if you don’t want the hurt.’
St Cloud caught sight of the little blue-green stars on the hands. There was more filial pain in those hands than he wanted to think about. The old man had washed those hands pretty thoroughly, of course. He had spent his long life washing them.
He said, ‘I’ll remember that.’
‘Do.’
Rod said quickly, ‘You ought to know something. That shit he said about a geezer selling music equipment. That’s not what he said earlier. He asked me all sorts of questions. About some dead kid in Blackheath.’
Edelman looked back at him, and wrinkled his nose.
‘That’s right,’ said St Cloud, eyes not leaving Edelman’s face. ‘About a dead Somalian boy who got shot in the head. He was carrying some drugs, and a phone, and they got stolen.’
Edelman tutted. ‘Shocking place these days, London.’
‘Yes.’
‘But what’s that to do with us?’
‘I got told – nothing.’
‘Nothing’s right.’
‘Then that’s dandy.’
‘What makes you ask?’
‘Maybe I don’t see many people shot in the head. I had an idea, that’s all.’
‘You think Dennis did it?’
‘He’s a decent shot.’
‘He got lucky. And there’s more fucking guns in this city now than Dennis has had prefects. What gun your boy get shot with?’
‘A Glock.’
‘We don’t like those. Do we, Rod?’
‘No. Too plastic. Cop guns.’
Edelman said simply, ‘Well, there you are. Maybe it was cops shot your boy dead. Wouldn’t be the first time, would it, one of them went native and dropped a coloured.’
St Cloud shook his head.
‘You don’t say “coloured” any more. You say “black”.’
‘I say we wasn’t nothing to do with it.’
‘Fine,’ said St Cloud.
‘Why’s he asking, though?’ Rod asked Edelman.
St Cloud shrugged. ‘I’m curious.’ He remembered what Kriek had said: Curious people are often in one sort of trouble or another.
Edelman took this without rancour.
‘Curious don’t bother us, cos we ain’t got nothing to be bothered about. Nothing at all. Have we, Rod?’
He turned to face St Cloud.
‘Well, well. Seems like Hardeep’s fucked up. Not the first time. I’ll give him a little spank later on, keep him honest.’ He took a step towards St Cloud, and looked at the top of his head, and then down at his boots. ‘Shame, really. You look an interesting geezer. Man of the world. Could have been nice and clean, otherwise. A handshake and swap business cards. But it’s a pity isn’t it? A pity you happened to be here when Dennis had one of his turns. But you was here, and we have to live with that. So I’m thinking of a deal, friend. A little manual labour in return for that handshake and see you round.’
‘Manual labour?’
‘Waste disposal.’
‘I see.’ St Cloud thought for a moment. ‘And sudden memory loss?’
That sent Edelman off again. ‘No, what you talking about, memory loss, no fucking memory loss. You remember what you like, friend. You can tell your wife about it. You can tell that big boy’s wife about it, while you’re boning her. That don’t bother me, because I’m mostly a recluse here and I don’t listen to what the neighbours say. And it don’t bother Dennis, cos he’s opening a fête today the other side of London, with about a hundred of my friends cheering him on.’
So that was the deal. Nobody was saying he couldn’t dial 999 as soon as he got the chance. They just knew damned well he wasn’t going to, not after he’d wrapped the presents for them.
He shrugged his shoulders. ‘If that’s how you want to play it.’
Edelman nodded, and gave a toothy little grin. ‘What did I tell you, Rod? Smart.’
‘I don’t know,’ said Rod. ‘Too smart, if you ask me.’
‘Course he is. Too smart to be involved with the boy.’
Rod didn’t look convinced. ‘But those questions –’
‘Questions we can live with. Terms is what we can’t.’
St Cloud said, ‘Okay. Maybe I could make that kind of deal.’
Edelman said, ‘That’s good news. Very good news. You can go with the others. You’ll get a ride back to town, and everything. Then you can tell that mental one’s missus the news you got sole agency on her starfish. Only tell her not to worry about sending Dennis any thankyous, I suggest.’
St Cloud said, ‘Okay.’ 
Rod spoke up, quietly.
‘Listen. There’s something you need to know about him.’
‘What?’
Rod hesitated. He looked at the floor, then back at Edelman.
‘Later,’ said Rod. ‘In private.’
Edelman shrugged. ‘Later it is.’
They shook hands. Edelman’s showed the verdigris tattoos. No amount of washing could remove them.



He followed Rod back up the concrete staircase. 
At the first landing he stopped climbing.
‘Rod.’
The other man continued on his way. 
‘Rod –’
‘What is it.’
It wasn’t a question.
St Cloud said, ‘You didn’t tell the man, did you? You didn’t tell him that I used to work for the Met.’
Rod stopped, and shrugged. ‘I can tell him anytime.’
‘Why wait?’
‘I don’t see it’s any – ’
‘He’s going to kick off. You know that, don’t you?’
‘Let’s just get on with this.’
There was a pause.
Then St Cloud said, ‘Don’t get me wrong. You’ve probably saved me trouble. A lot of trouble.’
‘Well, then.’
‘But why? Why you didn’t tell him?’
Rod took another step upwards.
St Cloud said, ‘Do you know what I think?’
That got no answer.
So he said, ‘I think you’re scared.’
‘What?’
‘Shit-scared.’
‘Fucking – ’
‘Scared that if you tell him that I’m ex-Met, he’ll start to worry. Not just about me. About you. You and your history. What’s that bullshit he keeps coming up with? “Connectivity”. That’s what he’ll say, isn’t it? That everything’s connected and that me being here tonight and us both being former members of the Met is part of some conspiracy to get him.’
Rod shook his head. ‘You don’t know him.’
‘Do you?’
‘I’ve worked for the man – ’
‘Your Mr Lynch or one of those others is probably telling him now, getting in first – telling him all about what you said about knowing who I am and us going back a long way. Any minute now, old man Edelman is going to ring that phone of yours and demand you get your arse back in to see him and explain yourself, or spend the night under that tarpaulin with our dead friend.’
Rod sneered, ‘Anyone’s for the high jump, mate, it’s you.’
St Cloud nodded. ‘You might be right. But think about it. If he thinks I’m a snake in the grass, he’s going to think you’re in on it, too. The inside man. His faith in coincidences won’t last forever.’
Rod said, ‘Get upstairs.’
St Cloud stood his ground.
‘Rod, look, I’ll level with you. I’m going to get the hell out of here.’
‘Like fuck you are. You made a deal in there.’
‘That deal isn’t going to be worth jack shit, and you know it. I don’t have the faith in the man that you do. I’m going to welsh. The rest is up to you. You can tell the man I ran off and you lost me. You might get away with it. Maybe you can persuade Mr Lynch not to tell the man that I used to work for the police.’
‘Fuck off.’
‘Alternatively I can fight with you, and you can fight with me. You’re smaller than I am, and I can pull that girl’s hair of yours until your eyes water. Then I’m going to get the hell out of here. Then you can go back to your man with a few bruises and a few clumps of hair missing, and sing the same song.’
Rod snarled, ‘You’re going straight back to the man.’
St Cloud shook his head.
‘Forget it. Forget your waste disposal. I’m getting out. You’ve got enough on me. The man knows that. Like you said, I’m in this like the rest of you are in it. And what would happen if I did call the cops, anyway? They’d come along, Edelman and the rest of you would talk a lot of hoary bullshit and my old friends would just think I’d gone over to the other side like you did, and been on the end of a business dispute.’
Rod didn’t move.
He said stubbornly, ‘Let’s just get on with it.’
St Cloud sighed. ‘Okay. You win.’
He followed Rod back up the steps until they emerged from the metal door into the yard, still lit by the pale glare of the garage bulb. Rod pulled open the door of the garage, where ahead St Cloud could see the van’s brake lights on, and fumes rising from the exhaust pipe. Rod took a step inside the door. St Cloud took hold of the door handle with one hand and with the other he shoved Rod forward into the space beyond. He slammed the door shut and pulled the handle. In the next instant there was shouting and hammering from within, and the door handle tightened and pulled back against him, shaking under the force. St Cloud cast a glance over his shoulder at the half-lit yard. On the far side the door to the lobby was ajar. The door handle went loose; there was the sound of breaking glass. Then the grip resumed. He thought about letting the door go and making a run for it, and then had a better idea; lifting his leg he waited a second and then, in the same instant he released the handle and kicked at the door with all his might. It flew back with a tremendous impact. He spun around and ran hard across the yard, scrambling across the uneven surface of the pile until he reached the door to the yellow lobby.
Rod was halfway across the yard.
The van’s horn gave a blast. From behind the door marked Private there were shouts, and the sound of running feet. St Cloud hauled open the door opposite, went through it and pulled it shut.
He was plunged back into the throbbing darkness, and he stumbled forwards, his eyes taking time to adjust. A strobe light passed over him: he saw faces, a girl’s hair, white skin, and beyond this a wall. He stumbled forwards to an archway and passed through. Ahead, dimly lit in the darkness was what appeared to be a bar, with people leant against it. The club was full, now; he ran past girls and boys, and headlong into a youth in a leather jacket, spilling a drink. Words were yelled, words of ire, words of fury. He ran on. Ahead there were bodies, people, a dance floor. He was driven to the left, where he found the crowd thinning out, and then he was through into another room, and then he found people standing, people drinking – and then beyond this a cabal of girls, half-dancing, red and green lights flashing intermittently, illuminating fat little faces, rigid-straight hair and nose studs, girls in stop-motion poses like an old-fashioned cartoon. He headed past them, around them, between them. Faces stopped and looked at him, inquisitive faces: one saw the state of his face and gasped. A girl’s hand went to her mouth. He heard somebody say ‘There’s trouble’. He pushed harder, knocked people out of the way, got told to fuck off. His feet hit steps and he fell over them. Tripping girls veered out of his way; somebody screamed. He regained his feet and climbed up the steps; ahead he saw the bar, and the gold-toothed barman, and he remembered now that he must be near the door. He went onwards, colliding with a man, and then a woman, thumping beats in his ears, stinging pain in his mouth, blood still smeared on his face and clothes. A rough hand pushed his shoulder. He saw light ahead. There came a blast of cold air and then like little fireflies he saw the passing flicker of headlights. He stumbled forwards, pushed past the doormen and at last felt the cold night air. 
He stopped, put his hands on his hips, and bent double, breathing heavily. Behind him the doormen stared back, looked back into the club, arms swinging, gearing themselves for trouble. One went into the club; the other took a step towards St Cloud, who pulled himself upright, turned back along the street and started to run, jogging at first and then running full pelt. He tried to remember where he had left the car, took a side street, didn’t see it, and stopped. From behind came the squelching sound of trainers running along the wet pavement. He turned up the side street and started running again, up a slope and past terraces of houses with small, paved front gardens, to the brow of a low hill where the road met two wide, dismal suburban streets, lit by orange lamps, crowded with cars. He turned right, headed for the darkness on the shadowy side of the parked cars, and ran as far as a bend in the road, where he slowed.
His breathing came fast, and dry.
He was out of condition.
From somewhere behind he heard a cry and then another sound: dogs barking. The man had German Shepherds, he remembered. Out of the darkness behind him a figure appeared, and crossed the street. He turned and ran on, past more houses, more cars, more gardens, dismal little roads with iron railings and fir trees and the cheap darkness of playing fields, laburnums and larches dappling the glow of the rain spray in the sodium light. He took another left and then a right and ran on: this damned suburban sprawl went on forever. Now the roads became quieter, and empty of traffic or pedestrians save the odd car flashing past and the occasional doorstep smoker. Nevertheless he clung to the darkness wherever he could find it – the thin shadow of the firs and the walls. The sound of the barking dogs came again, although now it seemed a long way off. He dropped to a walk, passed further houses and then took another right turn. The road narrowed and curved in a wide arc. Low blocks of flats stared down at him. Then the road ended in a circle of houses. A dead end.
‘Shit,’ he said to nobody.
He searched in vain for an alleyway or path running between the houses. There was nothing for it but to return the way he had come. He started walking back along the footway; a car passed by, and then another; now he ducked down behind the cars to regain the comfort of darkness. He was lost, of course. Lost and heading back into trouble. He broke into a fast walk, more of a foxtrot than a quickstep; another car passed and went on its way. He expected a right turn, but found none, so he crossed the road and followed the other pavement.
A wide green appeared between the houses. 
This wasn’t the way he had come.
Past the green was another suburban road, but this one had traffic humps across it, and was busier. Two cars passed along it, their lights tilting and chassis groaning as they took the humps at careless speeds. Neither of them were a white van with “Penny Whistle Music” written on the side. A few moments later two cars came back the other way, and he wouldn’t like to have sworn that they weren’t the same cars, done a Uey further up the road. He clung to the shadow of a high fence as far as the next junction. From behind him a truck went past, and then another car. The hum of the engines receded. Suddenly, all was quiet.
He looked around the corner. In the darkness a figure stood ahead on the footway, still like a statue. St Cloud ducked back behind the fence, and then looked again. The figure was gone.
He took a step backwards, and turned. Then, walking at first and then running, retraced his steps to the green.
Something caught his eye, ahead and to the right: a road sloped downwards and he could see a white neon sign – it was familiar. The chicken place, where he had parked the car. He left the darkness behind and ran across the road.
As he reached the line of cars opposite he saw something in the darkness, movement – 
Rod flew at him.
Hands grabbed at his shoulder and his face. He ducked low. Rod took a firm grip on his collar and held on tight. St Cloud turned and tried to run back the way he had come, but the grip of the other man weighed him down and all he could do was to take a couple of steps back in the middle of the roadway. A fist slammed into his midriff, and he doubled up. Then he felt a hand on his leg, and he toppled. Suddenly there was a roaring sound and the glare of a brilliant white light. Rod yelled. St Cloud dropped his shoulder and barged back across the road. The two of them, twisted together, fell fast and heavily, silhouetted in the firework glare of the approaching headlamps. There was the rodent squeal of brakes, the shudder of a skidding wheel, the smell of hot rubber. St Cloud heard a rushing in his ears and felt a hand on his shoulder and he was pulled down to the road, through the light and below it and he saw, in strangely perfect definition, the grit, the broken glass, the chewing gum on the roadway, caught in a black square between the onrushing wheels.
There was a crash.
He felt fire in his shoulder.
Then everything was black, just black.



From somewhere he heard the sound of a car door opening, the smack-smack of approaching steps, and a wavering voice. 
‘God. Oh God.’
St Cloud opened his eyes. Faint rain dabbed at his bruises. Above he could see nothing but the orange reflection of a squalid suburb on a once-lovely cloud. There was a dragging pain in the base of his neck, but he forced his head upwards anyway: slantwise, he could see the inverted figure of a balding man, wearing a brown jumper and a pained expression. The man was standing in the road looking down at something. With great effort St Cloud dug his elbows into the cold road, and prised himself up by a few inches. Now he saw that at the feet of the man was the figure of Rod, lying prone, bathed in the glare of motionless headlamps.
‘Oh my God,’ the man said again.
St Cloud opened his mouth. No words came out. He tried again; this time he managed to croak like a frog.
The man swivelled round. ‘I didn’t even see him. He just jumped out. There was no way I –’
St Cloud managed to say, ‘He needs an ambulance.’
‘I didn’t even see him. He just – ’
‘Tell it – tell it to the ambulance.’
 ‘What? Oh, God, yes – yes – I’ll get –’
The man ran back around the car, like an awkward sort of deer, returned with a phone, peered down at it above his horn-rimmed specs, punched in numbers, and started gabbling in a reedy voice. His name was Maybrick, he knew where they were, and what the street was called, and boy, was he Mr Polite: there were lots of yesses and whats and thankyous. St Cloud wondered if he would move on to the weather or the Test Match. Eventually he hung up.
‘They’re coming.’ He suddenly wheeled round to St Cloud and said, ‘God, yes – you? Are you alright?’
Somebody had just chopped off his arm and machine-gunned his shoulder.
He said, ‘I’m okay.’
‘Good. That’s good. Well. What a bloody mess.’ He put his hand on his head, ran it over, then said to St Cloud: ‘We ought to swap details. For the insurance.’
‘I don’t think – well, that anyone’s in much of a state for that.’
‘What? No – God, no. Of course.’
Maybrick paced around, then said, ‘I should be doing something. The recovery position, or something.’ He did the awkward deer thing again, and bent over Rod, who hadn’t moved. He gingerly touched an arm, then seemed to give it up as a bad job and squatted there for a moment, looking a little desolate.
‘I didn’t see him. He just jumped out.’
He stayed squatting, then said again:
‘I didn’t see him. He just jumped out.’
He turned to St Cloud, and the reedy voice snapped: ‘What in God’s name were you bloody doing, running across the road like that, I didn’t-’
St Cloud said painfully, ‘It wasn’t your fault.’
Maybrick just needed to hear it. He breathed out, and looked at his watch. He said, ‘Damn it, where are they?’ But it was only for the sake of saying it.
St Cloud became aware of another car, further up the road, stopped with headlamps on. There was the sound of voices now from the pavement. He levered himself up and got to his feet. There were people in the road, looking, and a couple of cars queued in either direction. Beyond the glistening rain in Maybrick’s headlamps he could see the blue and white neon of the chicken place. He took a step towards it, and then another, until he reached the other side of the line of parked cars. Behind him Maybrick still paced, muttering, looking at his watch; he removed his glasses and ran a hand across his face. St Cloud turned and hobbled slowly off. Nobody paid much attention to him; the faces stared forward, looking at the headlamps and the man on the ground. He took the side street and saw the bus stop and the Leon parked beside it. Behind it was a motorbike. They looked like theatre props, still in position after the lights had dimmed and the bourgeoisie had left to talk bollocks over G and Ts. His left arm felt pretty dead, so he twisted and found his keys in his jacket pocket with his right. Then he opened the driver’s door and slid into the seat. In the rear view mirror he saw more people gathered at the top of the road. 
A siren wailed from nearby.
St Cloud found the key and slotted it into the ignition.
The engine spluttered into life. He tried to put his hand on the gearstick, but his shoulder wouldn’t move, and his arm wouldn’t move without his shoulder being in on the idea. 
Suddenly, there came a furious tapping at the drivers’ window. He looked up. Maybrick’s face peered back, and he heard the muted voice cry, ‘Wait, now, wait I say. You’re not going. You can’t –’
St Cloud slumped down into his chair. He tried once more to find the gear stick, but he couldn’t. He pushed the clutch down, then lifted it again, gave it up as a bad job, and killed the engine. Then he opened the door. Maybrick started talking again, a stream of words drowned out by the wail of a siren, piercing the wet night like a knife. St Cloud slid back out on to the road, like a drunken bum.



He opened his eyes. In the reflection of the wing mirror he could see the top of the road lit by a two-tone light in a ghostly, moving glow, and a man and a woman in yellow jackets buzzing around the place like wasps. He shook his head until his neck was a little looser, and it only felt like half of it was broken. Maybrick had left him to it. In the wing mirror reflection St Cloud could see him standing, watching events over the wasps’ shoulders – half like a foreman, half like a spectre. They got Rod on to a stretcher and into the open back doors of the vehicle. Maybrick did a lot of pointing and turning around. The male wasp looked to be humouring him. Then there were footsteps.
The female wasp arrived. Something was shone in his eyes.
He told her, ‘I’m okay.’
Maybrick appeared behind her.
‘He wanted to drive. I told him not to. I made sure of it.’
She grunted in a way that suggested he’d do well to fuck off, and said to St Cloud, ‘Your friend in the back of our ambulance. What’s his name?’
‘I’ve no idea.’
She didn’t look convinced by that. ‘What about you, then? Name?’
‘David Blumenthal.’
‘Date of birth?’
‘Six nine sixty nine.’
‘Do you live here?’
‘No. Tavistock Street.’
‘Where’s that?’
‘Pimlico.’
‘This your car?’ She tapped the Leon.
‘The Lamborghini’s in the garage.’
‘You’d better leave it here for now.’
She turned to Maybrick.
‘You can come on behind. This guy can go with you.’
Maybrick asked, ‘Come on behind?’
‘We’re ready to go.’
‘Oh, yes, yes. Mayday, is it?’
She shook her head. ‘Mayday’s closed. Refitting A and E.’
‘Oh no.’
‘You obviously haven’t been there.’
‘Yes. No. Well, where –’
‘The Princess Royal. Farnborough.’
‘Oh yes. I’ve a sat-nav. Do you have a post code?’
She said, ‘Just stick behind us.’
And stick your twat-nav up your arse, thought St Cloud.
She walked back up to the ambulance. 
Maybrick told him, as if he was deaf or stupid, ‘You’re coming in with me. We’re following.’
St Cloud nodded. A few moments later he heard the engine again, and a silver car appeared alongside him; then Maybrick’s hands were pulling him up to his feet and into the passenger seat of an old Rover, spotless inside and smelling of leather. He let his arm gingerly come to rest on the door handle. Maybrick started the engine and moved off behind the ambulance, hazards on. He was shaking slightly. They headed down the Brighton Road and then took lefts and rights, and soon they were out of town, lighting a lot of hedges in an orange strobe, and then back on to wide, ugly suburban streets, full of houses with nailed-on beams, concrete shop parades, suburban drug pubs. The ambulance took it easy, turned off the lights, and didn’t bother with the siren. St Cloud thought that maybe that meant Rod had woken up, or that he would never wake up. He didn’t mention this to Maybrick, who stuck to the ambulance like new glue, head slunk forward, eyes fixed on the rear doors ahead, not wavering.
This went on for about ten minutes. Then St Cloud remarked:
‘I’ll let you into a secret.’
Maybrick didn’t look across.
‘Hmm. What?’
‘I’m not really called Blumenthal.’
‘You’re not?’
‘No. And I’ll tell you something else.’
‘What?’
‘You can forget all this, Mr Maybrick. Forget it ever happened.’
Maybrick’s vision remained fixed on the windscreen.
‘What? What are you talking about?’
‘I mean it. You can forget it.’
‘What do you mean?
‘The man in that ambulance isn’t going to tell anyone about it. The minute he wakes up he’s going to walk out of the hospital, without saying goodbye to the nurses. Not even the cute ones. Not even the ugly, desperate ones.’
Maybrick furrowed his brow, and looked straight ahead. He took a couple of gear changes he didn’t really need to. St Cloud smiled. At the next set of lights they jammed right up to the ambulance, so close they could see a cock drawn in the layer of dust on the back.
St Cloud remarked, ‘You’d do well to believe me.’
Maybrick hesitated.
‘Why?’
‘It could save you a lot of trouble.’
 ‘I don’t mean that. I mean why should he do that, walk out?’
‘Because he won’t want anyone to know he was there.’
The lights changed. Maybrick went too heavily on the throttle, lost a few yards, jumped forward to clumsily stay behind the ambulance, cut off an overtaker, and got a chubby horn-honk for his trouble.
‘Why won’t he?’
‘Because he was turning over a house.’
Maybrick shot St Cloud a quick, troubled glance, and looked back at the road. Then, after a moment, he turned back to St Cloud.
‘Turning over? What do you mean?’
‘I mean robbing a house. Burgling it. Whatever word you want.’
‘Whose house?’
‘A woman’s house. I caught him coming out of the window, and chased him. That’s why he ran across the road.’
Maybrick drove a while more. There was a gap growing between them and the ambulance. Then he said, ‘I thought he went first, and tried to grab you.’
St Cloud said coolly, ‘Then you’re mistaken.’
‘Oh.’
The gap grew a little more.
‘That’s okay. Be surprising if you weren’t, after the shock of it.’
‘Yes.’ The gap was a car length now, but Maybrick didn’t seemed to have noticed. ‘You’re right, I suppose. Did you tell the paramedic woman that?’
‘Yes,’ he lied.
A little sports car darted in between. Maybrick bit his lip and looked in the mirror again, but didn’t try to overtake.
‘But that doesn’t necessarily mean he’ll not want treatment.’
‘Oh, I think that’s pretty safe. Nasty little sneak thief like him, he’ll sleep it off and be back at it tomorrow on somebody else’s house.’
Maybrick asserted, ‘Then we should report him to the police.’
‘You got any evidence? Other than my say-so?’
‘Well, you should report him to the police, then.’
‘I could, yes. But – ’
He paused.
‘But I don’t want to.’
‘Why on earth not?’
‘Because I might not want anyone to know I was there, either.’
Maybrick shot another look across at him; a big saloon slid in behind the sports cars. The ambulance could be seen above the tops of their roofs.
‘But why wouldn’t you?’
‘Because I didn’t see him from outside the house. I saw him from inside. Inside the bedroom.’
‘Yes, but –’
‘And there’s the woman.’
‘The woman?’
‘The woman he was robbing.’
‘What about her?’
‘She’s not my wife.’
Maybrick swallowed. ‘Oh. Well –’
‘You seem like a man of the world. I’m sure you can understand.’
‘Yes.’ Maybrick looked thoughtful for a moment, then said: ‘Well, of course, I don’t know –’
‘Mrs Blumenthal is one hell of a nasty bitch. She’d take me to the cleaners.’
‘I thought you weren’t called – ’
‘The cleaners.’ 
There was a silence. Then Maybrick said, ‘But you’re hurt. Don’t I have to get you to a doctor of some sort?’
‘I’ll live. It’s only a little sprained shoulder.’
There was a silence, which involved Maybrick looking in a lot of mirrors, and scratching his face. There was a little sheen of sweat across it. 
The gap grew longer: an estranging sea.
Maybrick said, ‘No, I don’t think – ’
St Cloud broke in, ‘Like I said back there, it wasn’t your fault. I saw the whole thing. He ran out in front of you. Nobody would suggest anything else.’
‘That’s what I told the ambulance man –’
‘And that’s what he’ll tell the hospital. And happily our friend is going to nail it for them, when he goes absent without leave. Nothing looks guiltier than that.’
‘Now look, I’m not sure.’
‘Mr Maybrick, you’re not enjoying this any more than I am. Why don’t you just go home and forget it? Nobody’s any worse off than they were an hour ago, not really, and maybe it’s best if it just stays that way.’
‘But I –’
‘Be a shame if you had to give them all your details, and your premiums doubled next year.’
‘Doubled? But you said it wasn’t my –’
‘And it wasn’t.’
‘But I’ve got protected no claims.’
‘That doesn’t count for anything. I should know. I work for an insurance company.’
‘You do?’
‘And we’re complete bastards about this sort of thing.’
‘But – ’
‘An extra thirty per cent at least.’
Maybrick paled. ‘Thirty per cent?’
‘Just a rough guide, that’s all.’
‘Even so, really, no, no – ’
‘And you might not want our friend in front to clock you or your car, either.’
‘Why not?’
‘Well, he might see an opportunity. Personal injury accident. You see the adverts on the back of buses. No win, no fee.’
‘No, no – you said he’d disappear.’
‘And with luck he will. But maybe he’s more of a businessman than I thought. And if he sees you sitting in the waiting room, he might get to thinking. He might conclude there’s more profit in a claim against you.’
‘Against me?’
‘Well, if it’s a serious injury.’
‘Now, hang on, nobody said –’
‘A bad back, or broken legs.’
‘But –’
‘Hey presto, no more robbing houses – a good citizen like yourself pays for his drugs, and his beer, and his subscription to Sky Sports.’
Maybrick fell silent. Beads of sweat appeared on his forehead. He looked in the mirror again. He eased on the throttle and there were now four cars between them and the ambulance.
Now five; now six.
He said, ‘I’m not sure.’
‘Come on. You haven’t done anything wrong. Anyone can see that. Why should you stay? You can just go home.’
The ambulance was out of sight. Maybrick didn’t press the throttle any more. Instead he rubbed his jaw, took pains to avoid St Cloud’s eye, and asked, in a small and guilty voice: ‘What will you do?
‘You can let me out. Anywhere. I can look after myself.’
‘But your shoulder –’
‘It’ll mend.’
They trundled on a little further. Maybrick slowed for a roundabout, didn’t indicate, and sort of glided across it.
St Cloud said, more firmly: ‘Anywhere.’



Anywhere was a suburban street with houses on all sides, a dingy pub opposite, and a wooden bench overlooking a children’s playground, pretty much a box seat for the local paedophiles. St Cloud’s left shoulder felt like it had a hot spike rammed through it. He stumbled to the bench, closed his eyes, and dozed for a while. When he opened them it was properly night. He reached for his phone, found the accursed Nokia – the root of all this evil, the subject of the deal that never was – put it back with a shudder and found his phone, and powered it up. There was one bar of battery, and a weak signal. He wondered who to waste it on, when it flew into flashing, vibrating life: Handsome Devil. A number he didn’t recognise appeared on the screen. He pushed it awkwardly against his ear.
‘Hello?’
It was a girl’s voice.
‘Chloe?’
‘Hi. Is it okay to call?’
He said, stupidly: ‘I haven’t got any battery.’
‘Look, if it’s not convenient –’
‘It’s convenient. Listen up. Can you drive? Have you got a car?’
There was a pause. ‘No.’
Of course not. She was 15.
‘Then get in a cab. A proper black one.’ He didn’t want her getting raped again. ‘Head for – ’ he looked at a nearby road sign. ‘Some place called “Green Street Green”.’
‘What sort of a name is that?’
‘So good they named it one-and-a-half times.’
‘What?’
‘It doesn’t matter. It’s out somewhere between Croydon and Farnborough. There’s a pub on a corner, opposite a children’s playground, it’s called the King’s something, hold on.’ He got up and walked towards it. ‘The King’s Arms. There’s a car park, can you meet me there?’
‘I don’t know.’
‘I really need you to. I can’t really drive. I’m a little hurt.’
She paused. ‘Hurt?’
‘Only a little.’
‘For real? You want me to do this?’
‘I want you to do this.’
The cab arrived forty minutes later. St Cloud managed to slide into the back. As the door opened the overhead lights showed Chloe seated in the back, wearing a vest top, a leather jacket, a wide belt, and a lots of make-up. 
She exclaimed:
‘God, your face! What happened to it?’
‘A big guy used it to test out his motorbike helmet.’
‘That must have hurt.’
‘And then a smaller guy tried using it as a bumper car.’
She whistled.
‘Wow. You’re unpopular.’
‘You don’t have to tell me.’
He shut the door, and the light clicked off. From memory he directed the driver back down the way the ambulance had travelled, along the wide streets back towards Croydon.
She said, ‘Hadn’t you better get your face seen to? You might be scarred or something.’
‘I’ll survive. I’m hardly an oil painting.’
She placed her thumb against his eyebrow, and dragged it softly across. He bit back a yell.
‘Sorry. Did that hurt?’
Yes, like hell.
He said: ‘It’s okay.’
They reached the Brighton Road. The rain had stopped: the lights still shone outside the Blue Lagoon. Outside the doormen stood with arms folded. He directed the cab driver up the turn. The Leon was still there, but the motorbike was gone. More waste disposal, he thought. He told the driver to stop; the taxi’s red LED had clicked up some extraordinary numbers. To St Cloud’s relief she had brought cash – she was Brightland’s daughter, after all – which she handed over and he paid out to the driver, who pocketed it, and looked like he couldn’t wait to get the hell out of there.
They got out. Nobody had slashed the Leon’s tyres or stuffed anything in the pipe, so St Cloud got in the driver’s side. Chloe got into the passenger seat, with a quizzical look.
‘I thought you couldn’t drive.’
‘I can do everything but change gear. That’s where you come in.’
‘Me? I’ve never driven a car before.’
‘Well, this is a good time to start.’
‘You’re crazy.’
‘Yes.’
‘But –’
‘I’ll show you. Don’t worry.’
He took her through the gears one by one, and worked out how to put the clutch down and then bark out the numbers. She moved the stick awkwardly with two hands, a little like the way girls play backhand at tennis. It took her a few minutes’ practice, and quite a lot of giggling, but she got there. He started the engine, and they moved off up the hill, back towards the road where Maybrick had run into them, and then turned back down and along the Brighton Road. There was some bunny hopping for the first half-mile or so, but it settled down. Eventually she got good enough at it to relax and look out of the windows, and at him, rather than just at the stick. She asked:
‘Do I get to ask why you needed picking up in the middle of nowhere?’
‘No.’
‘That’s a bit unfair.’
‘It’s a long story.’ 
They drove through the bright, horrible suburbs. Around them saloon cars carried old, vest-clad benefit claimers to dingy pubs, while the hatchbacks they had bought for their wives to go shopping were buzzed around by their unplanned sons, high on super-strength blow and 6% lager.
She looked at him with a raised eyebrow.
‘Do you often get beaten up?’
‘No.’
‘Did you get beaten up because of me?’
He looked across at her.
‘Why should I get beaten up because of you?’
‘You were going to look at things. Find out whether there are chinks of light or just efficient, dark machinery.’
‘You shouldn’t repeat what you hear the grown-ups say.’
‘No? Isn’t that how you learn things?’
‘Depends what you hear. And which grown-ups you hear it from.’
They passed through green lights, followed white-painted arrows, squeezed between concrete islands. It was easy. White girls in black Minis avoided them. Black boys in white Polos ignored them. The stars saw them only as a whizzing flicker, one that didn’t change the universe very much.
‘No,’ he said, after a few gear changes.
‘No to what?’
‘No to did I get beaten up because of you.’
‘Oh.’ She settled back. 
‘And were there your chinks of light? Or just efficient machinery?’
He flashed her a look. ‘The latter, of course. The police are doing a fine job. Just like I told your father to expect them to.’
‘Have they caught anybody, then?
‘I didn’t exactly say that.’
‘Oh.’ She looked back at him, made as if to say something else, then seems to decide against it.
‘You look a little relieved.’
‘I’m not exactly,’ she replied. ‘Okay, maybe I am a little. Maybe I don’t want to have to go to court. Maybe I don’t want the shame. Maybe I don’t want to look at them again.’
‘Earlier you told me I was out of date. Well, you’re the one who’s out of date now. Didn’t you listen to those detectives? They have things called “special measures” now. You don’t have to look anybody in the eye. And nobody gets to know your name.’
‘You don’t reassure me. But if it’s over –’
‘I didn’t exactly say that, either. Things aren’t quite finished with, just yet.’
‘And were you trying to finish them tonight?’
‘Tonight I was having a night off.’
‘Some night off.’ She pursed her lips, and looked at the world outside.
‘Why do you look like that?’
‘Like what?’
‘You think I’ve let you down, is that it?’
‘No.’
‘You think I’m taking your father’s money for nothing.’
‘Maybe.’
‘Do you care?’
She didn’t answer that. ‘He’s easily distracted.’
‘And is that what I’m doing? Distracting him?’
‘You could be.’
‘He seems pretty focused to me.’
‘He has fads.’
‘Finding out who raped his daughter? Is that a fad?’
‘Getting you involved is. He’ll get bored of it.’
‘Does he think that? Or is it just you?’
‘He’s easily fooled.’ She looked at him searchingly, at his hair, at his bruises, at his hands. ‘You could be fooling him. You’re capable of it.’
‘That’s what you think?’
‘Maybe.’ She looked straight ahead again. ‘I fool him all the time.’
‘By being wild?’
‘By being straight. Every so often I do something very straight. And then go all ga-ga. Except it’s not straight at all. It’s still wild.’
‘I don’t know what you mean.’ He didn’t know what she meant.
‘I got them a picture frame thing for Christmas, one of those electronic ones with digital photos. Do you know the sort of thing?’
St Cloud did.
‘They asked me to set up the slide show. I put photos of our old holidays on there. My parents think they’re the ones of us all together looking happy. In fact I just chose the ones where my tits look big.’
Flashing street lamps, whirring sirens. Blue circles with arrows kept them on the right side of the street. Red lights warned them off. Green lights called them on. Every pair of headlights hid its own set of stories, its own conversations, and silences.
She asked:
‘Will you kiss me?’
He looked across. ‘Aren’t you 15?’
‘What of it?’
‘Don’t 15 year olds need to give a good reason why they should be kissed?’
‘That’s old hat.’
‘Humour me.’
‘Well, then. Kiss me because I’m scared.’
‘Not good enough. What are you scared of?’
‘You.’
‘Better. But hardly enough.’ He pulled the car down a left turn.
‘I need to ask you something,’ he said, at length.
‘What?’
‘Why did you call?’
‘What?’
‘Tonight. You called me. I interrupted you and asked you to come and rescue me. Why did you call?’
‘I wanted to say thanks for picking me up from school.’
‘That’s all?’
‘Yes.’
‘Not for a midnight drive and silly girl talk?’
‘Not at all.’
He slowed for a side street, turned down it, and pulled the car up. ‘And did you find out how I was getting on?’
‘I found out a lot.’ She unbuckled her seat belt.
Afterwards he dropped her home and cruised the car into a parking space at the end of that wide, empty avenue. Then, when he couldn’t drive any more, he took the night bus home, amongst the night freaks and the werewolves, the toms and the road gangs. Compared to theirs, his agonies were easy ones.



Bonnie said, ‘I don’t understand why you have to get hurt.’
He didn’t answer that, just steered a razor right-handedly and painfully around his bruises. His eye was swollen and hurt like hell, and the cuts on his lower lip were fast turning into nasty little ulcers. His shoulder was numb, and the left arm wasn’t doing anything it was meant to.
And he hadn’t had a good night’s sleep.
‘I don’t know why you don’t care about me, Michael.’
Her head was shaking, her eyes were sore and small tears made soft paths down her pretty cheeks.
St Cloud said, ‘I care about you more than life itself.’
She sobbed. ‘I know that. That’s another thing.’
‘Bonnie – ’
‘I don’t know why you do care.’
This was the usual madness. ‘I just do, that’s all.’
‘That’s not good enough. I don’t know why you have to be like you are. And it doesn’t help, any of it.’
He returned to shaving. 
She put her head in her hands, hair streaming either side of her wrists. He agonisingly raised his injured arm and placed a hand on each side of her head, so that shaving foam hung from the sides, like fat lumps of wool. 
‘Don’t,’ she said.
‘Why not?’
‘Because you don’t know anything.’
He wiped Bonnie’s tears away with his thumbs, then lay on the bed and stroked her hair, all the way to the ends. For a while she shook with crying, and then afterwards she lay still like she was asleep, but with her eyes open. She didn’t say anything about the missing phone. He looked up at the ceiling and thought about a lot of things, but mostly about all the lies he had ever told her. Those were a lot worse than wrapping anybody up in a tarpaulin. 
Eventually he got up, went downstairs and called Brightland.
‘I’ve done a bit of digging around. Not a huge amount to tell you, I’m afraid.’
‘Okay.’ Brightland didn’t sound that put off. ‘Look, I’ve got someone with me at the moment, can you come over to the house this evening?’
‘I’m not sure there’s enough to –’
‘There are a few people coming over, but I can spare quarter of an hour or so, if you don’t mind.’
‘Well –’
‘Good. Shall we say eight?’
‘Fine.’
He cut the call. Brightland was expecting something more. Why hadn’t he been more blunt?  He had nothing to tell the man except a lot of things that he hadn’t even been asked to find out – amongst which was the rotten truth about how his former business partner was going to sell his dark pool down the dark river. But he wouldn’t tell him that, of course. He didn’t know quite what he would tell him, actually. Brightland might be easily distracted, easily fooled, but he wanted it in person, not some quick middle finger by telephone.
Next he dialled Susan Doré and left a hopeful message to see if there were any developments – he vaguely remembered something about results on swabs this week. Then he had second thoughts, rang Doré back and left another message telling her to ignore the last message. Then he went out. The car was still in Dulwich so he walked out through the grey morning and to the bus stop. A surly blue breeze placed a cold hand against his cheek. It fingered its way into the cuts, the bruises, the cracks and the worry lines. He felt ten years older than yesterday. There wasn’t a lot of medicine he could take for any of it, except maybe to call Chilvers and get a lot of things off his chest. But he was allergic to that kind of medicine.
What he needed was a job, a purpose, a raison d’être.
But all he had was an itch. He decided to scratch it some more.



He found Doré in her office, looking pin-striped and busy again. She looked up, got dressed into a smile, then registered surprise at his appearance. ‘Hey, Michael, are you okay? You look a state.’
‘I walked into a door.’
She didn’t buy it.
‘Not into a jealous husband?’
‘Susan, that’s nearer the truth than you could possibly realise.’
‘Oh, Michael.’
He hardly knew the woman, and she was giving it the “Oh, Michael” business. ‘Did you get my message?’
‘Yes. Both of them. I was confused.’
‘Sorry about that. I just wondered if you had those results.’
‘Results?’
‘The Brightland case. You said you were expecting results on those swabs from the FSS.’
‘Oh yes.’ She straightened up, and smoothed down her jacket, as if to rebuke herself for her finding those warm words too damned natural. Busily, she hunted around on her desk and shook her head.
‘I don’t think anything came back on them.’
‘No semen?’
‘No. And no profiles.’
So he, or they, had most likely used a condom. 
‘And on the underwear?’
‘That’s done too.  Nothing there, either.’
He had expected as much. ‘Okay. And on the CRIS report, anything more?’
‘It hasn’t been updated. But I don’t think they’ve got a huge amount to go on.’
‘Wasn’t there a suspect?’
‘Devon Harris. NFA on the report.’ Which meant “No Further Action”.  ‘Like I told you, gets put up a lot for all sorts of jobs.’
‘Okay.’
His phone buzzed. A missed call. He wondered if it was Chilvers, chasing him; or Paloma, asking where her husband was. He looked back at Doré. He had run out of things to say. He might tell Brightland about the suspect, but if it was just the local toe-rag and nothing more, then he would compromise Sue Doré and that didn’t seem very fair, not after the Mother Hen act. No, he would have to tell Brightland the bare facts. They were doing a competent job, but it was going nowhere. It wasn’t pretty, but it was life.
‘Well, thanks Sue. I appreciate your help. Good to see you again.’
He made to leave.
‘You too, Michael. Are you sure you’ll be alright? You look a bit rough.’
‘I’m fine.’
‘Right.’
Her face crumpled with sympathy. She didn’t want him to go out in the world with a face like that. ‘Actually, while you’re here  –’
She stopped.
‘Yes?’
‘It’s nothing, really. It’s just that Martin Leary was asking after you. I didn’t know you knew him.’
‘Oh,’ said St Cloud, his mind elsewhere, ‘yes, I do. Why was that?’
‘See how you were getting on, that’s all.’
He was getting on just dandy. He had a face like a purple bulldog and an arm he couldn’t even wank with.
‘Oh, well, say hello.’
‘I will. He’s a good guy.’
‘Yes.’ He was an average guy, a bit of a toad. St Cloud said: ‘He was on the Futures group for a while. Had some ideas for the Panorama project – you know, the integrated evidence thing. It was –’ It was another thing he’d had to abandon, of course, along with the rest of his glorious career. ‘It was a while ago.’
Doré seemed to sense his unease. She said kindly:
‘He told me about it. It was clever stuff.’
Clever stuff. Wasn’t that what Brightland had employed him for? Hardly what he had delivered. Bullshitted by Pritchard, smarmed off by Kriek, and almost killed by a dead brute and an old goat. None of it had done Brightland any good at all. He thought of the thousand pounds, or what was left of it, sitting on his bedside table beside Bonnie’s mascara-stained tissues and battered copy of Pale Fire. He could hardly say he had earned it. Even his bumps and bruises had been strictly extra-curricular.
She said, ‘That project. Did you know it’s on the system now?’ She grasped her computer screen and turned it to show him. There were various icons lined up in neat rows above a picture of Doré, dressed in a bright jumper and kissing a short, ugly dog. She hovered over one of them, a cartoon rendition of a small blue-green planet.
Panorama. Such a simple plan. He had spent six months on this, six months of arguing with the finance people, six months of drowning in a babbling brook of bureaucracy with those wankers from the IT department. Now it was on someone else’s computer screen. It was an odd experience, like reading his own epitaph.
But he was curious, nonetheless. ‘Does it work?’
‘Not completely, not yet anyway. I’ll show you.’
She double-clicked and a blue-green web page appeared, with a list of crime numbers and operation names. It wasn’t a million miles from the way it looked on St Cloud’s first diagram, drawn on the back of a beer mat in the Feathers, that dingy pub opposite the Yard. He said: ‘Does it do 360? Or remote transmission?’
She shook her head. ‘Just phone data and CCTV so far.’
Panorama Lite, just as he had predicted it would be, after those useless technocrats had sucked the life out of it. They hadn’t listened, of course.
His eye caught an operation name halfway down the list.
Operation Codringtown.
The operation name Chilvers had mentioned. 
‘Sue, can you click on that one for me? Show me how it’s meant to work?’
She smiled, pleased to have engaged him, and did as he bade. A couple of little white boxes appeared, one of which said “Jama” and a 96 date of birth. Below this thumbnail images, like little black squares, filled the screen.
St Cloud asked, ‘Did you say there’s phone data on this system?’
‘Let’s have a look.’ She scrolled up and down the screen a couple of times. ‘Doesn’t look like they’ve put any on for this job. They don’t always. Just a bit of CCTV.’
He sighed. ‘Oh well.’
The data wouldn’t have told him anything he didn’t know anyway, just his own familiar phone number amongst a long list of unfamiliar ones called by the dead boy’s handset. Doré clicked on one of the squares. A video filled the screen, a street at night in blurred, muted colours. Figures ran past along a footway. A van passed by, lights blazing white streams in the night. Chilvers had mentioned this, a group of lads in a nearby street, around the time of the murder but not necessarily connected. Well, here it was, in glorious Technicolor. The van stopped and one of the running figures strayed across the road and got into it.
St Cloud said, ‘That’s funny. That looks quite like – ’
A thought occurred to him.
He asked Doré quickly, ‘Can you show that part again?’
‘I can show another job, if you like.’
He said impatiently, ‘This one. That video, can you show it again?’
Puzzled, she took it back to start, and ran it through
He put his hand through his hair. ‘And the others? Are they all bits of the same footage?’
‘I don’t know.’
‘Can you try them?
‘Okay.’ 
One by one she ran through each of the clips. Each was slightly different, but showed the same running group in different streets and at different angles.
The he said, ‘Can you go back to the first one?’
‘If you like.’
She ran it through again. In the middle he asked: ‘There. Pause it.’
She obliged. 
‘What’s up, Michael?’
He stared at the van. It was familiar. 



When he got home he called Chilvers, who sounded mean as hell.
‘I’ve got some things to tell you,’ he said.
‘Well, you better hurry, Michael. Burgess is all for picking you up.’
‘I can give you better things to do.’
‘How about you start by going back to our previous conversation and telling me who called you the other night?’
St Cloud said, ‘Later. When you hear – ’
‘Fuck later, Michael. I told you, Burgess is all for an ABE. You need to reconsider your position.’
‘Okay.’
‘Okay?’
‘I’ve reconsidered it. It’s still my position.’
There was a pause. Chilvers said coldly, ‘In that case, you might want to get some representation.’
‘I’m an island.’
‘You’re a fucking loony tune.’
St Cloud said, ‘Think what you like. I have some information that you can’t afford to turn down. Only I have to make a deal. This information is completely anonymous. Unless you promise to keep me a hundred per cent out of it, you can whistle.’
Chilvers said, ‘Does it tell me who called you the other night?’
‘No.’
‘Then I’m not exactly on the edge of my seat.’
‘You will be if you hear it. Do I have a deal?’
‘Michael, you know the score with these things. I’m not in a position to make deals.’
‘Let me make it easier for you. What I’m about to tell you has nothing to do with anything you already know. So you don’t have to worry on that score. Mick Burgess doesn’t know about it, nobody does – yet. So nobody’s expecting anything. I’d say that was perfect territory for you to make a deal, wouldn’t you?’
‘Oh, for fuck’s sake. You’re getting on my nerves, bright boy. Okay, I’ll listen. I’m not saying I’m going to do any more than that. And Michael, if you want me to keep your name off the books, then the deal is – and Jesus, I’m regretting this, even as I say it – then the deal is you have to tell me who called you the other night.’
St Cloud said, ‘It’s a deal.’
‘Good. Now shoot.’
‘You might want to write this down, because I’m not repeating it.’
‘Just get on with it.’
‘There’s a girl who works at Jackson Ellis Chambers at 31 King’s Bench Walk, in the Temple. She’s called Paloma. Her husband likes a bit of slap with his tickle. He hasn’t been seen for a couple of days. She may have reported him missing, I don’t know, that’s if she’s broken off from the champagne for long enough. His motorbike is missing, too. I don’t know the index, but if you find out who the girl is and the husband is, you can get it off the PNC.’
‘Thanks for telling me to suck eggs,’ said Chilvers sourly. ‘This sounds like a lot of crap. Is it going anywhere?’
‘Be patient. There is an anonymous witness who saw that motorbike parked outside the Edelman’s nightclub in Croydon yesterday evening.’
There was a pause.
‘Paddy Edelman?’
‘The same.’
‘Okay. Go on.’ There was the slightest trace of interest in Chilvers’s voice.
‘This anonymous witness gave you the index number of the motorbike. You traced it and discovered the owner hadn’t been seen by the wife for the last couple of days. The motorbike was being ridden – ’
Chilvers said, ‘Hold on. This anonymous witness. Why would he call the police just because he saw a motorbike?’
‘Because he saw something he thought was suspicious. Let me finish. The motorbike was being ridden away by a couple of men, one white and one black, both of whom had bruises like they’d been beaten to within an inch of their lives. The witness overheard these men talking about the bike’s owner being recently shot dead.’
He let that sink in.
‘This witness,’ said Chilvers dryly. ‘Was he hiding in the exhaust pipe?’
‘Obsessive watering the plants in his front garden. Courting couple. Whatever you want. Have you heard about the midnight rambler – ’
‘Yes, yes,’ Chilvers said impatiently. ‘Look, you know I know who Paddy Edelman is. Is this straight?’
‘As a die.’
‘This information able to be verified?’
‘No.’
‘For fuck’s sake – ’
‘But the next part is. I need a promise now, Chilvers. Before I go any further. You’ve got to keep me out of this. Will you do that?’
Chilvers said, ‘Stop being a cocktease and just give it to me.’
‘No. Let’s get something straight. That anonymous witness of yours heard the conversation yesterday evening. Late. Say midnight. He remembers looking at his watch. The rest of the street was completely empty at the time.’
‘I’m not sure courting couples wear watches. And I’m not sure anyone goes on rambles in Croydon at that time on November evenings.’
‘Whatever. The thing is, if you look hard enough you’ll find out the LAS got called to that lane earlier in the evening, to a traffic incident. A man was struck by a car and got taken to the Princess Royal. You have to keep the two events separate, at all costs. Your anonymous witness has to be saying that this motorbike business took place some hours after that. If you tell anybody it happened before, or that anybody else was in the street, you’ll be taking your next statement from me using a ouija board. Do you get it?’
‘Edelman likely to play rough?’
‘Vulpine.’
‘Which means what?’
‘Look it up.’
‘Fuck you. I get the warnings. Now give up the goods. You told me something could be verified. What is it?’
‘In that nightclub there’s a room with a snooker table and a bar. There’s a door marked “Private” that leads into it. I suggest you call a decent forensic scientist – someone like Wesley Pocock,’ – he gave Chilvers that old, familiar telephone number – ‘and tell him to get together a team to go down and examine that room. Tell him to bring some blackout blinds and some Luminol. He might want to bring some sunglasses, too. The place is going to light up like Fireworks Night.’
Chilvers said, ‘Are you telling me that’s where – ’
‘There’s something else, too. There’s somebody called Jacko who has something to do with a place called Barrowlands. Half a mile from there is a pub called the Banker’s, maybe the Banker’s Draft or something like that. You can tell a magistrate your midnight rambler followed the motorbike there, if you need to get a warrant. I suggest you go over the place with a dog team, the lads who do the ground penetrating radar, and a forensic archaeologist. I recommend a guy called Phil Starkey from Sussex University. I’ll text you his number. Tell Phil to look for something that got buried about 9 o’clock last night.’
‘Alright,’ said Chilvers. ‘Alright.’
‘This is big stuff, Chilvers. Somebody lined up Edelman’s son to turn turkey and put the old man away. A little bird tells me that’s not going to happen. But you can save the day. If you do a decent job on that snooker room you’ll have Edelman for breakfast. They might even give you a promotion.’
‘Alright,’ said Chilvers. ‘Only don’t take that as any kind of positive reaction. I don’t know if this is a truckload of shit or what, but I’ll look into it. Now tell me something. What the hell does any of this have to do with Jamed Jama’s getting killed, his phone getting stolen, or you getting calls from it?’
‘That,’ said St Cloud magnificently, ‘is what is baffling me.’
‘Jesus, Michael.’ He said exasperatedly, ‘What do you take me for? You at least made a – ’
‘You can wait.’
‘No, Michael, I can’t and you know it. You can’t play the “can’t remember” card, either. Not when it’s three calls. So if you want to make this a deal, then that’s okay, but you can’t – ’
‘What?’ broke in St Cloud. ‘What did you say?’
‘I said if you want to make a deal, then – ’
‘No, I meant what did you say about three calls?’
‘You can’t say you can’t remember any of them.’
‘But – when?’
‘Come off it, Michael. The one we discussed over a drink. And two more yesterday.’
‘Yesterday?’
St Cloud thought about the Nokia, in Bonnie’s handbag, then stuffed into his shoe, then in his glove box, then in his pocket. And switched off the whole time. It didn’t make sense. Not unless – 
Not unless – 
He said softly, ‘Sweet Jesus.’
‘What was that?’
The world danced in front of him.
He said, ‘Look, Chilvers, I’ll see this deal through. I promise. But later.’
‘Later?’
‘Yes.’
‘No way. You made a deal – ’
‘I’ll call you this evening. That’s a promise. I have to go and see somebody at 8 o’clock, but that won’t take long – 15 minutes, I’m told. I’ll call you afterwards. First you need to go and turn over that snooker room.’
Chilvers cursed him. St Cloud cut the call.



The gravel of Brightland’s drive scrunched once again under his feet as he approached the house. Tonight there were four cars parked there, and St Cloud couldn’t have afforded a month’s hire of any of them.
One of them caught his eye: a silver TVR.
Pritchard’s car. The little man and the dark pool.
Yes, he had been swimming in one of those, these past few days. 
He was reminded of the night when he last walked up this drive, before it had rained so heavily, the filthy night when Bonnie had gone out and phoned him from Angela’s phone. St Cloud looked up at the slate-grey sky, the clouds here and there looking even blacker than the night beyond.
There was another storm coming, of course.
Brightland’s wife answered the door. She looked small and petite, a little older than Brightland. She invited him in, and didn’t make a song and dance about his bruises. He was shown into a study. There were no books to peruse, just an ergonomic desk and chair, a laptop, and a digital device masquerading as a photo frame: the one Chloe had mentioned last night. He found a button on the back. It came alive with pictures of the Brightlands arm in arm, on beaches, up mountains, in Spanish bars. Each blended into the next. St Cloud could see what Chloe had meant about the photos. Except for one: a picture of her appeared, about eight or nine years old, wearing waders and standing with feet planted apart in a river.
It faded quickly from view.
Too quickly, thought St Cloud. 
From above came the low, bassy hum of music – Interpol, maybe, or something like it, MOR crap. He yearned for Grofe, Guillemots or Gershwin. The photos came and went. The room was stuffy as nuts. A lone fly buzzed against a window, trying to get the hell out. 
Brightland’s wife came back in.
‘I’m sorry. Paul will be with you in a moment. We’ve got a few people round.’
From the open doorway came the sound of laughter, and the soft crimes of Cullum or Melua.
St Cloud said, ‘That’s fine. I’ll wait.’
She flashed a look of thanks and left. He headed to the doorway and looked out, just in time to see her disappear into a room at the end. As she closed the door behind her, he caught a glimpse of a balding man in a striped shirt, spooning something out of a tajine. He couldn’t see Brightland or Pritchard. He crossed the hall and ascended the stairs. The landing was dark, but there was a soft yellow light under one of the doors. He pushed it open. She sat on the floor painting her toenails, a copy of the NME wedged between her feet. Shorn of make-up and dressed in a vest and pyjama bottoms, she looked plumper and younger than she had last night, the kind of teenager who read Mallory Blackman, told people off for polluting the world, and spent her evenings online spewing pointless white jive. She looked up as he came in, rose awkwardly, went to an ipod, caressed it with her thumb, and the music died suddenly – leaving a vacuum that seemed to suck the breath from both of them.
They stood for a moment like boxers ready to spar.
Finally she said:
‘Hello.’
He took in the room: it was pink and cluttered, with lipstick-stained tissues, various black tops, underwear – both home and away – and magazines strewn across the floor and the bed. It was the room of a child, after all.
‘Your face looks worse,’ she said.
‘It feels better.’
‘That’s good.’
‘Only four thousand volts in the breeze tonight.’
‘Well, it’s something.’
She sat down on the floor, and went back to painting her toenails. ‘Did you want something? Other than sympathy, that is?’
‘Actually I came to see your father.’
She froze for a moment, then said, ‘He’s downstairs.’
‘I know.’
She got up, perched herself awkwardly on the edge of the bed, and stretched her newly painted toes. There was no invitation for St Cloud to do anything but carry on standing. 
‘I thought you had nothing to report. Nothing whatsoever. Isn’t that what you told me last night? No chinks of light.’ There was a challenging note in her voice. ‘Fuck all – in fact.’
He said briskly, ‘Actually I told you things weren’t finished.’
‘And they are now?’
‘Not exactly. But they’re farther along.’
‘Farther along?’
It was a Byrds album, but she wouldn’t know that.
‘A road to nowhere.’ She held his gaze for a second.
She knew that one. ‘Talking Heads. Your era.’ She was too green for this, and they both knew it. She said, ‘You don’t seem very friendly tonight.’
‘That’s pretty normal. After the Lord Mayor’s Show, and everything.’
‘Is that what it was? The Lord Mayor’s Show?’
‘It was a show, all right.’
She caught his tone, and looked up at him.
‘How much “farther along” are you, then, on your road to nowhere?’
‘Some of the way.’
‘Farther along to understanding that my father’s money can’t buy everything?’
‘Are we back to that again?’
‘Or are you stringing him along for some more before you’re finished?’
There was a sneer on her face. He turned and looked out of the window. A wind blew. The weather, like his mood, was getting nastier. He said,
‘I’m not sure I’ve been told the truth.’
‘By who?’
‘By you.’
He turned back to her again. Their eyes met.
‘About what, exactly?’
‘I don’t know. Maybe about a boy with a bullet where a bit of his brain used to be.’
She rolled her eyes.
‘You’re pretty odd tonight. And I don’t know what the fuck are you talking about.’
He saw now there was no other way: he would have to drill it out of her, demolish her.
He must start with the rape, of course.

He said, ‘I’ve been thinking about phones.’
She said, ‘Oh?’
‘Yes. Old ones and new ones. Who buys them, who steals them, who borrows them. And who loses them. You lost yours, didn’t you? That night, between calling your father and going to the police station.’ He didn’t wait for an answer. ‘I’ve been wondering about that phone being lost. Whether you really lost it, in fact.’
‘What do you mean? Of course I did.’
‘Okay then, whether you lost it deliberately.’
She scoffed. ‘I’m hardly going to do that, am I?’
‘You might if you really needed to.’
Her eyes flicked around the room. ‘Does my dad even know you’re here? Does he know you’re up here in my room like this, uninvited?’
He said, ‘I really don’t advise you bring him into this.’
She said, ‘I don’t want or need your advice.’
He shrugged. ‘Have it your way. You might want to hear me out, first.’
‘Oh, I don’t think so.’
‘At least about phones.’
‘Back to that.’
‘Yes. The police can do a lot with them. I think you could have guessed that, you’re bright enough. I think you could have guessed that they might take your phone away and get it examined, to see whether it can tell them what time you made those calls. And therefore what time you got attacked.’
She said, ‘Oh for God’s sake. You’re so hung up on the time it happened. You’re like a broken record. It doesn’t matter.’ She pursed her lips. ‘I think you must be a bit thick, after all.’
He nodded. ‘It’s probably just my comprehensive school education.’
She sneered, ‘Yes. It probably is.’
‘Of course that phone of yours might have revealed something else – something other than the time. Something you didn’t want anybody to know.’
‘This is ridiculous.’ She made to stand. ‘I really think I’d better tell my dad you’re up here.’
‘Like I said, I don’t think that’s a good idea.’
‘Yeah? Well, fuck you.’
‘Fine. Have it your way.’
He opened the door. She looked at him, unsurely for a moment. Then, with defiant eyes she walked past him and down the stairs.
He sighed and looked out of the window.
A minute passed.
Then she came back into the room quickly, in a flurry of bare shoulders and arms, sat on the bed and wrapped her arms around her knees. She looked straight in front of her. Brightland followed her in. He flashed a look at St Cloud, and then at Chloe. He said,
‘What’s going on here?’
St Cloud said, ‘Are you going to tell him, Chloe?’
She didn’t answer, just kept her hands on her knees. Brightland frowned unhappily.
St Cloud told him, ‘I came to see you, Brightland. Before I did, I thought I’d ask Chloe a couple of questions about the night she got abducted. In particular, about her losing her mobile phone. I just suggested to her that I think she lost it deliberately.’
Brightland repeated, ‘Deliberately?’
‘Yes. So that the police wouldn’t be in a position to examine it. I think there were calls on it that she’d made that night, calls she didn’t want anybody to know about.’
‘That’s ridiculous,’ said Brightland.
But he didn’t sound too sure.
St Cloud said, ‘I don’t think Chloe think it’s ridiculous. Do you, Chloe?’
She blinked once or twice. 
Brightland said, ‘But why should she – ’
St Cloud cut in, ‘I think it’s because she told the police a couple of lies.’
‘Lies?’ Brightland flashed a look at Chloe. ‘Did you?’
She shook her head, and looked at the floor.
Brightland said, ‘Look, St Cloud, I don’t know what makes you think –’
St Cloud retorted, ‘I think Chloe lied when she said she’d called people to come and pick her up, and nobody answered.’ He turned to her. ‘Somebody did answer, didn’t they? And that person came to pick you up, didn’t he? I’m talking about a local street robber called Devon Harris. Is he your boyfriend, Chloe?’
Her hands sprang to her face.
Brightland said slowly, ‘What?’
St Cloud said roughly: ‘That’s how it happened, isn’t it? Isn’t it, Chloe?’
She cried out, ‘No!’
‘I think it is.’
She lowered her hands. Brightland said, ‘Chloe?’
She cried, ‘You don’t understand.’
‘No,’ said Brightland, looking from one to the other. ‘No. I don’t.’
‘Oh God.’ She sniffed, and leaned back, her eyes wet and closed. Then she looked straight at St Cloud, her mouth tight, her eyes savage. ‘You think you’re smart. You’re thick, after all, just like I told you. You don’t know anything. You don’t understand any of it. I just wanted to hurt him. I wanted him to come and get me, but he wouldn’t. So I went back in and started dancing. And then he did come, and he saw the two of us. He saw me get in. It was like a bad dream –’
St Cloud said, puzzled. ‘Now I don’t understand.’ He caught sight of something out of the window.
The TVR.
He said: ‘You don’t mean – Pritchard?’
She nodded.
‘What!’ exploded Brightland.
He hovered for a second, looking at her. Then he said:
‘Wait here.’
He bounded out of the room. St Cloud ventured a look at Chloe. A tear traversed her plump little cheek.
He said, ‘My God, of course. You’re talking about Pritchard.’
The nervous, troubled Pritchard, driving that night in the opposite direction to that he had told the police. A lot of things suddenly piled up in front of him: Chloe telling him that Brightland met everybody at the office, yet Pritchard telling him a lot of crap about bumping into her at the house; both of them saying they hardly knew each other, and yet her calling him “Simon”; and the friend in distress, the fact Pritchard had finally had dragged from him and St Cloud hadn’t believed, the friend who needed Pritchard’s help that night. From downstairs there came the sound of cutlery being dropped. A woman’s voice cried out.
Chloe looked up at him. ‘It wasn’t what you think. We had a relationship. A proper relationship.’
Brightland bounded back into the room, dragging Pritchard behind him. The little man looked green at the gills. He looked first at Chloe, then at St Cloud, then at the floor.
He turned to Brightland. ‘Look, Paul, if this is about the XRB meeting – ’
St Cloud said, ‘Save it. You’re being hung for the lamb, not the sheep.’
Pritchard’s brow furrowed, and then he looked at Chloe and a look of horror passed across his face. ‘God. Look, maybe I should – ’
Brightland yelled, ‘Shut up!’
He took a stride towards Chloe, grabbed her hands and lowered them. 
‘Okay, okay,’ she sobbed.
‘You little whore,’ Brightland said. ‘You weren’t raped at all, you bloody little whore.’
Pritchard said, ‘No, look, you’ve got it wrong.’
‘What?’
‘Paul, look I can explain.’
‘I want to hear it from – ’
‘But she was raped.’
Everybody looked at Pritchard.
St Cloud said to Chloe, ‘Before he makes it any muddier, you’d better tell us about Devon Harris.’
She looked at him, her eyes wide with fear, and shook her head.
St Cloud said, ‘I don’t see any way you can’t.’
She looked at Pritchard, hard, and then back at the others. She said, ‘It was his fault. Simon’s.’
Pritchard said, ‘Now, look – ’
‘Quiet,’ snapped Brightland.
‘We were seeing each other.’
Brightland balled his fists.
St Cloud said, ‘Wait.’
Chloe mumbled, ‘He started texting a friend of mine. I didn’t like it. He said he didn’t want to see me that weekend. I knew he’d texted her instead and asked her out. He made me so fucking upset. That’s why I went to the party. I hadn’t been to anything like that for weeks. He took up my time. All my time.’
Brightland took a step back, and felt for the wall. Pritchard bit his lip.
St Cloud asked: ‘You went there to get revenge?’
‘No – yes. Oh, I don’t know. I just got abandoned by my friend. It was like I told you.’
‘Except that when you left, you called Pritchard for help.’
‘Yes.’
St Cloud said, ‘I get it. That was the call you wanted nobody to know about, the reason you made sure you got rid of the phone.’
She said, ‘I told him where I was. He wouldn’t come.’
Pritchard interjected, ‘Look, I – ’
Chloe said, ‘You were at home, ten fucking minutes away. I didn’t believe it, I just didn’t believe it when you said you wouldn’t come. I thought you were such a shit. So I went back in.’
St Cloud asked, ‘To the party?’
‘Yes. For a while.’
Brightland turned to Pritchard. ‘You let my bloody daughter get raped.’
Pritchard said weakly, ‘No. No, I did go there. To get her.’
St Cloud nodded. ‘We’ll come to that. First I want to know about Harris.’
She sniffed. ‘Dev was at the party. I’d seen him before, with a girl I knew. He chatted me up.  He told me about all the trouble he was in. Nobody understood him, nobody loved him. Do you understand? Nobody loved him. And I was so mad at Simon.’ She looked at Pritchard, and at her father. What she said next was directed to both of them. ‘Dev was exactly what you’d have hated, he’s black, good-looking, and he doesn’t let anybody push him around. You’re a bloody racist anyway.’ She turned to St Cloud. Now her eyes held an appeal. ‘I could see all those trashy girls, white girls, black girls, with their thin bodies and their cute little arses and their short skirts, looking at me and you know what? They wished they were me – being chatted up by him, I mean. And I liked it, I liked being chatted up by someone like that.’ She looked at Pritchard and Brightland again. ‘Do you hear that? I liked it!’ 
St Cloud said, ‘And he gave you a lift in his van.’
She wrapped her arms around herself, stretching her vest.
It had a teddy bear embroidered on it.
He said, ‘And you fucked him in the back of it.’
She nodded, and bit her lip.
Brightland exploded. ‘You little bitch.’
Pritchard said, ‘Oh, Jesus, I mean – ’
St Cloud ignored them both. ‘It wasn’t rape, was it?’
She shook her head.
‘I didn’t say no. I didn’t say anything. But I wanted it.’ She dissolved a little more. ‘I wanted it more than he did.’
Brightland yelled, ‘You bloody, bloody little whore.’
A tear dropped, and hung over her lip, a little translucent ball. It got wiped away with the back of her hand. There was a bang at the door, and some worried voices from outside. Nobody took any notice.
St Cloud said, ‘Pritchard turned up after all, and saw you get in the van. And you saw him, and you knew exactly what he had seen. And afterwards you were sorry as hell about it. That’s why you had to tell your father you had been attacked. Because you thought Pritchard might tell him what he had seen, you getting into a van like that with a boy like that.’
She nodded.
‘And when they examined you, well – you knew there would be marks. It had to be not just abduction, but rape, as well. You had to tell everybody you’d been raped.’
She put her head in her hands; her hair tumbled over it, and St Cloud could see downy black hair on the nape of her neck.
He almost reached out and touched her, but stopped himself. Just in time.
She said, ‘I don’t know why I bothered. He’d finished it, anyway.’
Pritchard studied the floor. Brightland seethed.
St Cloud said, ‘What happened to your phone?’
She took a breath. ‘I told you. I lost it.’
‘Chloe.’
She sobbed. ‘Okay okay, I flushed it down the toilet at the burger place, while I was waiting. I’d called Simon on it about 15 times. I deleted all the calls and texts but I thought they’d still be able to get them all back.’
Brightland cried, ‘You stupid, stupid girl.’
St Cloud thought it was the only smart thing she had done.
He said, ‘You started seeing Harris?’
She nodded sadly.
Brightland said, ‘What? What the hell do you mean?’
She cried, ‘I had nobody else to talk to.’
‘That’s pathetic. You’re a pathetic little whore.’ He wheeled around. He looked ready to burst.
‘I couldn’t talk to you,’ she said; and then to Pritchard, ‘Or you. You didn’t want to come near me anyway, you piece of shit. I told Dev what I’d done. I told him I’d keep him out of it. He was okay about it.’ She said defiantly, ‘He was lovely about it.’
He would be, thought St Cloud. This sort of thing was part of the territory for a boy like Devon Harris. And it wouldn’t do any harm to have something to use, not if he wanted to squeeze a girl like Chloe Brightland.
St Cloud asked, ‘How many times have you seen him?’
‘A few.’ She looked up, ghastly, and tear-tracked. ‘I don’t know how you even know about him.’
‘Here’s a life lesson for you. Don’t disrespect comprehensive school educations.’
St Cloud steeled himself and turned to Brightland.
‘You’re not going to like this, but I want to talk to Chloe alone.’
Brightland snarled. ‘After all that – ’
‘I mean it. I want you to leave the room.’
‘She’s my daughter, she needs a – ’
‘Whatever she needs, she can get it later on.’ He looked at Pritchard. ‘You too.’ Then he looked between them. ‘Fuck off. Both of you.’
Pritchard’s jaw dropped. Brightland’s eyes nearly bulged out of his head. St Cloud got up and opened the door. Outside Brightland’s wife and another woman stood, looking into the room. The bald man who had been working the tajine hovered on the stairs.
St Cloud said, ‘Mrs Brightland, you don’t know me, but I’m going to ask you a mighty favour. I want you to take your husband out of here and take him downstairs for 15 minutes. You can take Mr Pritchard out, too. Only don’t leave them alone together, not if you want both of them to still be alive when the 15 minutes are up.’



St Cloud shut the door. Chloe didn’t look at him.
He said quietly,
‘Next time I advise you not to do something stupid, I suggest you listen to me.’
He sat next to her. She didn’t move away.
There was no easy way to say what he was going to say next, so he just ploughed forward.
‘Chloe, this afternoon I watched a video. It was a group of kids running down a street. The video was pretty poor and you couldn’t really make out very much. And then something happened. These kids got into a van. The police are trying to work out what that van is. They won’t find it easy, not if they don’t have some kind of clue. And that’s what I have, Chloe. A clue. Because I’ve seen that van before.’
He got no answer.
‘But it wasn’t my eyes I saw it through. It was yours.’
She looked up. ‘Mine?’
‘Yours and that slimeball Pritchard’s.’
‘I don’t – ’
‘You know it pretty well. An old blue Transit van.’
She didn’t react to this. He continued:
‘Two days ago two detectives came to see me, and told me about a Somalian boy who’d got himself shot in the head in Blackheath. We shared a unpleasant half of Coke and talked about murder and mobile phones. They told me that the boy who got shot had a phone stolen, and that this stolen phone called my phone in the middle of a thunderstorm on Sunday night, that really filthy night. Well, I’ve spent a hell of a few days trying to get my head round that – because I thought someone close to me had called me on that phone – and I’ve chased around London because of it, been battered black and blue, been in the middle of gunfight, been run over, been all over town like I don’t know what. And this afternoon I called back those detectives and told them all about it.
‘So much for my troubles. I should have thought a bit harder, it turns out. I could have saved myself a hell of a lot of trouble. Mostly I should have thought about somebody else – not the person I thought it was – who called me on that filthy night, somebody who must have also just got themselves a new phone – because they’d recently lost their old one. My mistake was a simple one. I’d got to thinking that I must have had a conversation with this dead boy’s phone, so I looked for the person I’d had the conversation with. But I hadn’t had any such conversation. The dead boy’s phone had just rung my phone, stopped ringing it, and that was that.’ He sits down on the bed next to her. ‘But it wasn’t by accident. Was it?’
She started.
He grabbed her by the chin, and turned her face to his. ‘You called me that night, Chloe. Remember? Because you didn’t believe I’d given you the right phone number. You dialled the number to try it out, while we were in the car. And then you called me yesterday, once in the morning and once at night.’
She cried out. He said sternly, ‘Shut up and listen to me – unless you want the self-righteous brothers back in the room. I’ve seen that video and I’ve seen that van, two streets away from where the boy got shot. Devon Harris’s van. He gave you a new phone, didn’t he? Because you’d flushed away your old one. People always get new mobiles from their boyfriends.’ Someone else had said that. He realised with a start it was Bonnie, his beautiful Bonnie. ‘I’m right, aren’t I?’
He gripped her face harder.
‘I don’t know if you know where Harris got that phone. But I think you know it was stolen. Whether you know it was stolen from a boy who’d just been shot in the head, I don’t know and I don’t really want to know. But let’s be clear. You are in serious shit. Shit that makes the last ten minutes look like a fucking rom-com. Shit like your whole life has never prepared you for. Your dad feels impotent? Wait until he’s holding your hand sitting outside the Old Bailey and wondering whether to trust a witness protection scheme. As for Pritchard, he’ll be posting his goodbye letters to Holloway, and your days of TVRs are over, all you’ve got for a bunk up is a bunch of smack-head prostitutes and a choice of dirty fingers. And that’s before your friend Harris starts on you, because I don’t think he’s going to be too thrilled when he gets nicked for raping you. Don’t look surprised, Chloe. You might have promised to keep him out of it, but that’s not a promise you can make. The police aren’t as slow as you think. They know about Harris and his van. And they already clocked Pritchard’s description of the van and the similarity to Harris’s. They could be crashing through his front door as we speak.’
He let her face go, stood up and turned away from her. When he looked back she hadn’t moved. She looked like a frightened doll.
‘I guess you don’t care for being spoken to like that. Well, I don’t care for people ringing me from phones that have had blood washed off them. I don’t care for detectives trying to hang me out to dry for murders I know nothing about. I don’t care for running around London turning over stones, digging around in the shit, interfering with people’s lives – trying to protect people I didn’t even have to protect. I don’t care for being amongst psychos and nasty old wankers trying to get me to fly tip their rubbish. And I especially don’t care for spoilt little girls who lie their heads off, pucker their lips and make pretty eyes at me, then have the nerve to tell me I’m screwing their dad for money.’
He breathed out.
‘I want the truth. Yes or no. Did you know where that phone came from?’
She wiped a hand across her face.
‘He said he got it from a friend.’
‘A dead friend?’
‘No. He’s not like – ’
‘He killed that boy, Chloe. He put a gun to his head and pulled the trigger. He blew his brains out. To steal his phone. To steal his drugs.’
She sobbed.
‘About Harris. Tell me, are you still seeing him?’
‘No.’
‘I don’t know whether to believe you.’
There was a bang on the door, and a shout. He ignored them.
She said, ‘Are you going to tell the police all this?’
He looked at her. ‘I think you know the answer to that. I think you knew it ten minutes ago, when I told your dad and your lover boy to fuck off out of the room.’
Rain slashed against the window. Another filthy night. He looked back at her. He had wasted a week. He had wasted a thousand pounds. He regretted everything. He had seen people cut with knives, battered with pool cues, ripped to shreds with nine-inch nails and hydrogen peroxide; but this was worse than all that – this damned regret.
‘Don’t misunderstand me, Chloe. I don’t really give a damn about you. But your father does. And I don’t give a damn about money. But your father does. And he paid me a thousand pounds, and I haven’t done anything to earn it except drag the scales from his eyes. Wait until he finds out Pritchard has been fucking his business as well as his daughter.’
He breathed out.
‘I don’t see I have much choice but to help you. You might get away with the rape report. For what it’s worth, I think you probably will. I don’t think your dad or Pritchard are going to turn you over, much as they’re kicking and screaming right now. Pritchard didn’t describe the van well enough to the police. So they don’t really know it’s the one that belongs to Harris. And loverboy used a condom, didn’t he? So they probably won’t get any trace evidence. All told, he’s probably in the clear. Where that’s concerned, anyway.’
She said in a tiny voice, ‘What do you want me to do?’
‘I want you to follow instructions. Get a face cloth, put it in hot soapy water and scrub that mobile phone of yours all over. Take the battery and the sim card out and scrub the insides of the phone and the battery in the same way. Then I want you to burn the sim card, put on some gloves, put the battery back in the phone, and give the phone back to Harris. Tell him it doesn’t work, tell him you don’t like the colour, tell him it doesn’t vibrate enough to make you come, it doesn’t matter. When you’ve done it I want you to go to the nearest public call box and dial this number,’ – he grabbed a pen and her hand and wrote a number on it, pressing hard – ‘and ask for a guy called Mick Burgess. I want you to say these words – just these and nothing else: “Devon Harris killed the boy in Blackheath and you want to search his house.” Then I want you to hang up, wipe the phone box clean and get the hell out of there as fast as you possibly can.
‘Harris will get arrested for murder, and will employ some smart, corrupt little brief. The brief will tell him to make no comment, even when they tell him they found that phone in his pocket or show him his passion wagon on CCTV. And he’ll get charged, and maybe he’ll get convicted in the end and spend ten years getting hooked on dope and Islam in Belmarsh.’
He got up and walked to the door.
‘As for me – if you’re interested – I’m facing a bit of heat. But they’ll have someone in the bin and they’ll have to go hungry for the rest.’
The rain flew against the window.
The tiny voice said something. He could barely hear it above the rain.
‘What? What did you say?’
She whispered, ‘What happens – to me?’
He scoffed.
‘You? Nothing. Your dad will call you a whore and a bitch a few more times, and then probably buy you a car to make up for it. Nobody will arrest you. Nobody will give you a hard time. Nothing like I’ve had.’
She sobbed.
He said, ‘All of this comes on one simple condition, of course. This stuff, in this room between just you and me – you don’t ever mention any of this again. You steer clear of Harris, and Pritchard, and most of all you steer clear of me. Forever. Do you understand?’
She nodded.
‘That’s enough. I’d better get out of here. I don’t want to ruin your dad’s dinner party.’



When he got outside he called Chilvers.
There was the sound of rain and passing cars.
‘Well?’
Chilvers said, ‘Barrowlands turns out to be up the road from Edelman’s place at St Mary Cray.’
‘Funny that.’
‘Yes. The old goat’s not happy. Having a very major sulk. And he looks ready to kill a couple of his lackeys. We’ve nicked the ones with the bruises, half for their own protection and half to make your imaginary witness seem a bit more real.’ 
‘The snooker room?’
‘Your friends are in there as I speak. You were right. They used that stuff you told me about. Things are fluorescing as we speak. Place must have been a bloodbath.’
‘Luminescing.’
‘What?’
‘Luminescing, not fluorescing. I’m being scientifically accurate.’
‘You’re being a smartarse wanker, and not for the first time today.’
‘What about Barrowlands?’
‘That’s where I’m standing. It’s beginning to piss down and I’m about to get very muddy indeed. Your friend Phil is here. Do you want a word?’
‘Okay.’ He heard the phone being passed across.
‘Hi Michael,’ said Phil Starkey.
‘Hello friend. I hope you’ve brought your waterproofs. I take it Chilvers has told you to keep me right out of this.’
‘Yes. He said.’
‘Listen, Phil, I’ve some more information for you, only I’d rather Chilvers didn’t hear it.’
There was the sound of Starkey walking a couple of paces.
‘Fire away.’
‘The body would have come off the back of a Combo van that had Pirelli tyres with a wide block pattern on three of the wheels, and an old Dunlop on the front offside. So there might be marks to help you out. Body’s about seventeen stone so it’ll be a decent size hole. It’s intact, wrapped in a paint-spattered tarpaulin.’
‘Right.’
‘And when you find it, don’t give up. There’s a bonus prize in this game, in the shape of a rolled up carpet. Don’t ask me how I know any of that.’
‘Fine.’ Phil Starkey did calm extremely well. ‘Michael – it’s good to hear from you.’
‘You too. Amy okay?’
‘She’s fine. Sends love.’
There was a silence, whilst both of them thought too much about the love of Amy.
St Cloud said, ‘Put Chilvers back on, would you?’
‘Okay.’
He heard the phone get passed across.
He said, ‘Chilvers, can you definitely keep me out of this?’
‘I don’t know. I’ll see what I can do.’
‘Unless you promise me you can, then you don’t get to see my next trick.’
Chilvers sighed. ‘Okay, I’m too wet and tired to argue any more. You win. What is it?’
‘A name.’
‘Another one?’
‘The most important one.’
‘Okay, go on.’
‘Dennis Pugh. You might know him off the TV.’
There was silence on the line.
St Cloud said, ‘Are you still there?’
Chilvers said, ‘He overdosed this morning. Not expected to survive. It’s in all the papers.’
‘Shit.’
‘No kidding.’
‘Jesus. That changes things a bit.’
Chilvers said, ‘What are you telling me? That he pulled the trigger?’
‘Let’s just say he’s the loose cannon. That overdose suspicious?’
‘No mention of it.’
‘Right. Well, maybe you should forget I told you that. Don’t want to give Edelman any outers.’
Chilvers said, ‘I think we’ll keep right on going, just the way we are.’
St Cloud smiled. ‘That sounds a good idea. See you around – ’
‘Whoa!’
‘What?’
‘Michael, haven’t you forgotten something?’
‘Have I?’
‘That call you received the other night. You were going to tell me.’
‘Oh. Yes. Well – ’ he hesitated
Chilvers said. ‘Who was it?’
‘I remember now.’
‘Finally.’
St Cloud took a second, then said:
‘It was a wrong number. Actually, if I remember rightly, it tried me again a couple of times yesterday.’
There was the sound of air being expelled.
‘Fuck you, Michael.’
‘Same to you. Good hunting. I hope you don’t get too wet.’
He put the wipers on double speed as he drove back to Cadiz Street. When he got home Bonnie was lying on the sofa wearing a nightdress, curled up, asleep. He took the black Nokia out of his pocket and put it back in her handbag. He thought about waking her up and telling her he had concluded the business with Brightland and that nothing had come of it, just as she had predicted. But he didn’t want to tell her. He let her sleep.


THE END


Michael St Cloud returns in “Death of a Messenger”





Also by the same author:

Death of a Messenger



"He sat on the carpet and smoked a cigarette. He had smelt a lot of rotten money, and it had made him sick. He had found and lost a gun, which might or might not have shot somebody in the head. And his mouth tasted of blood and of a woman who wasn’t his. It had been a hell of a day."

Clarissa Daniels has a missing flash drive and too little money to pay a blackmailer. St Cloud has time on his hands and a couple of questions he wants answered, including why she tells a lot of lies, and why someone would want to shoot a man in the head. Especially one who was already dead...

"The Big Sleep for the CSI generation"

Back to contents





Contact the author at
Facebook: http://www.facebook.com/search/results.php?q=William+Zanzinger&init=public - !/profile.php?id=100003058266558
Twitter: http://twitter.com/ - !/WZanzinger
Web: http://www.williamzanzinger.com/

Back to contents
