1

Izabel

Twenty-four hours ago...

I burst through the door first with Victor and Niklas behind me. Tears of rage and vengeance fill my eyes. The house is pitch dark except for a small light somewhere in the hallway, the smell of scorched coffee lingers heavily on the air. There was a struggle here; two of the chairs around the kitchen table have been knocked over, the tablecloth pulled from the table along with the centerpiece basket of real fruit. Bananas, apples and oranges litter the caramel-colored tile floor.

"Dina!" I scream and rush through the rest of the house with my gun in my hands and my finger on the trigger. "Dina, are you here?!"

No answer.

"She's not here, Izzy," Niklas says behind me.

"Dina!"

"Izabel-"

"Shut up!" I turn swiftly in the hallway, but then I stop and calm myself when I realize it had been Victor who called out my name the second time.

Niklas leaves us alone and disappears through the den entrance to check out the rest of the house.

Victor steps up to me, a small LED nightlight plugged into the wall at the end of the hall glowing faintly against one side of his body; a shadow covers the rest.

"Listen to me," he says cupping his hand about one side of my neck, "she's not dead, so get your head on straight. This is the kind of emotion that will get you killed. Look at me, Izabel." He rips the word out.

My eyes shoot up from the floor and I do as he says, tears rolling down my cheeks. I wipe underneath my nose with the side of my gun hand.

"How do you know she's not dead?" I feel like I'm going to be sick.

"Because she's not here," Victor says. "Whoever took her wants something from us and won't kill her. She's leverage."

I remember when I was leverage once. When Sarai was leverage back in Mexico.

I wipe my tears again, but that rage and vengeance is ever-growing inside of me and these aren't tears of sadness. Not even close. Whoever did this, whoever found Dina, the only mother I've ever really known, and took her from this safe-house in New Jersey, I'll kill them. I'll fucking kill them!

A bright light spills out into the hallway coming from the den, following the clicking on of a lamp.

"There's another note," Niklas calls out.

I push my way past Victor and hurry into the den, snatching a 3x5 white index card from Niklas' hand. It's written in pencil. I read it to myself first and then out loud.

Meet me at the vacant red brick building on 66th and Town St. in New Brunswick at 2:00 a.m. Oh, and tell Dorian Flynn to give his ex-wife a call.

Victor and Niklas exchange a look. I look back and forth between them, the card bending between my tightening fingers. I notice from the corner of my eye, a body lying on the floor behind the sofa, a black boot on the end of a long leg sticks out into the floor. But I don't say anything because Niklas and Victor have already seen him. They know that it's the guard they sent here to watch over Dina and there's nothing that needs to be said other than the obvious-whoever kidnapped Dina killed him when they broke in and took her.

"So it's Dorian's ex-wife?" I say. "She did this?" I look to Victor. "Who is she and where does she live?"

Victor takes his cell phone from his suit jacket pocket and runs his index finger over the glass screen.

"Victor!"

He puts up his hand to me as whoever is on the other end of the phone answers-probably Dorian-and gets his attention.

I grit my teeth behind closed lips and wait impatiently.

"Yes, there was another note," Victor says into the phone and then reads the note back to Dorian having remembered it word for word. "Is your ex-wife capable of-"

"Put him on speaker," I cut in urgently, stepping up closer to Victor.

Without hesitation, Victor slides his thumb over the speaker icon and Dorian's voice funnels into the room.

"Tessa couldn't fight off a Chihuahua," Dorian says. "There's no way she can be invol-." He seems to have stunned himself into silence.

Victor, Niklas and I look to and from each other.

"Dorian?" I speak up.

It takes him a moment, but he finally says, "Let me call you right back," and immediately hangs up, not even giving Victor time to say anything if he'd intended to.

"What the fuck is going on?" Niklas says absently.

He steps around the sofa in his black leather biker boots and crouches down beside the dead man, his gun poking out of the back of his pants. Then he lights up a cigarette.

"What are you doing, asshole?" I march over and slap the cigarette out of his hand. It hits the hardwood floor; flecks of burning embers spark from the end and burn themselves out when they touch the wood. "This is Dina's house, Niklas! She doesn't smoke and you won't smoke in her house!"

Victor's hands collapse around my upper-arms from behind and he pulls me away carefully.

"Control your girl, brother," Niklas says, his German accent always bleeding through his perfect English, but I'm so used to it now that I hardly notice anymore. He growls and takes the cigarette back into his fingers. Then he turns his head at an angle to see me and says, "I know you're pissed right now, Izzy, but don't take it out on me."

"Stop calling me that!"

Victor whispers near my ear, "Fighting with Niklas isn't going to help find Mrs. Gregory. Calm yourself, or I'll take you back to Boston and leave you there."

"You wouldn't do that," I say under my breath and without turning to face him-I know he would.

"I will, Izabel," he says calmly and his hands slide away from my arms. "If you're too emotionally invested in this, it could be you that gets Mrs. Gregory killed. Set your hatred for my brother aside and focus on what's important."

I glare at Niklas still crouched in front of the body.

He puts the cigarette out on the side of his boot, turns away from me and begins checking the pockets of the dead man.

"You've gone soft, brother," Niklas says with his back to us. "Letting a woman tell you what to do."

He rises to his feet and looks right at Victor.

"This isn't the kind of thing we do," he goes on. "Saving little old ladies. Rescuing smart mouth bitches from Mexican drug lords. What's next-cats in trees? Puppies in drainpipes?"

I round my chin, but say nothing. Victor easily keeps his cool because Niklas is his brother and he's beyond used to his behavior by now.

Niklas walks past us. "Izabel's not the only one too emotionally invested, Victor," he adds with accusation. He slips around the corner and out of sight. Moments later I hear the sound of the back door opening and closing as he steps outside.

I turn around to face Victor.

"This isn't the time," he says, already knowing the kinds of things I'd like to say in retaliation.

But he's right and I focus on Dina and this mysterious person or people who took her.

"What do you think they want?" I ask, my eyes scanning the rest of the den for anything else out of place.

"It could be a lot of things," Victor answers.

He steps around me to check out the body himself, crouching down beside it just as Niklas did.

"We are not short on enemies, I'm afraid."

That's an understatement.

I swallow nervously and go over to the coffee table. Dina's favorite glass candy bowl sits on top of it filled with chocolates. She's had that bowl since before I met her, and always kept it full of my favorite candy-Sweet Tarts when I was younger and then mini Reese's Peanut Butter Cups as I got older. I sit down on the coffee table beside it, propping my elbows on the tops of my legs and resting my head in my hands exhaustively.

Victor stands up and turns to face me, the light from his cell phone screen glowing in his hand.

He answers it and puts Dorian on speaker again.

"Tessa isn't picking up," Dorian says, his words filled with concern. "I'm going to her house. I'll get back to you as soon as I know something."

They hang up.

We're all thinking the same thing, even Niklas who just re-entered the den after coming in through the back door.

"I guess we're making that two kidnappings then?" Niklas asks, having overheard.

Victor nods and then slips his phone back inside his jacket.

"Whoever it is," Victor says, "they're not amateurs." He sighs. "They knew where to find Mrs. Gregory even though we've moved her three times in the past year." He points at the dead man. "And I doubt he had anything to do with it."

"But why take Dina and Dorian's ex-wife?" I ask.

"The connection is," Victor says, "that you and Dorian are both part of this organization. So, whatever they want has to do with the organization."

"Do you think they'll take anyone else?" I stand from the coffee table.

"It's a possibility," Victor says. "I suppose it depends on how many of us still have people in our outside lives who we care about, but hopefully it doesn't go that far."

I look between Victor and Niklas, an obvious question on my face.

Niklas shakes his head, manipulating his lips on one side of his mouth. "I think you both know by now that I don't do giving a shit about anyone else. The only person I care about is my brother." He looks right at me when he says this.

I smirk at him and turn to Victor.

But Victor doesn't chime in because like Niklas, Victor has no other ties to the outside world, either.

"What about Fredrik?" I ask, but feel stupid after doing so.

Niklas laughs lightly, shaking his head. "Really, Izabel?" he says with sarcasm and leaves it at that.

I can't argue with that, or lash out him for being a dick-Fredrik lost the only person in the outside world that he loved, months ago. Killed her with his own hands, forced to put her down like a rabid dog. Fredrik Gustavsson is the least emotionally attached person in our entire organization. And probably always will be.

Three hours later, while waiting in our hotel room in New Brunswick, New Jersey, Victor gets the call from Dorian.

"She's gone," Dorian says, trying to contain the trepidation in his voice. "The fucking house was ransacked. They fucking took her, Faust."

I've never seen or heard Dorian react this way. Not to anything. I never even knew he had an ex-wife. He doesn't seem the wife type.

"There was no note this time. No more bread crumbs."

"Good," Victor says. "How quickly can you be here?"

"I can be there before 2:00 a.m.," he answers, "bet your ass on that."

"We'll see you then," Victor says, but just before they end the call he adds, "Bring Fredrik with you."

"Fredrik? But I don't even know where to find him." Dorian sounds more worried than before, as if forced to waste time by looking for Fredrik is going to cause him to miss the 2:00 a.m. meeting.

"Just try to find him first," Victor says. "If you can't within the next hour, come alone and we'll figure it out."

Dorian and Fredrik, although no longer partners, still reside in Baltimore. And the partner Dorian was assigned to after Fredrik, Evelyn Stiles, former CIA, Victor relocated her somewhere in France.

Niklas isn't used to seeing Victor be so lenient-he stands there with a you've-got-to-be-shittin'-me look on his face, his arms covered by a long-sleeved black shirt, crossed loosely over his chest, untucked over a pair of black jeans held up by a black belt with a silver buckle, which is the only part of the belt that shows. Niklas always wears dark colors and the same motorcycle boots; a rugged kind of man who always has facial stubble and doesn't care to style his brown hair. He doesn't care about much, really, certainly not about impressing anyone. Funny thing is though, he seems to attract women like shit attracts flies, much like Dorian. The two have more in common than any of us. But the difference with me is that Dorian I can tolerate-he's never tried to kill me.

"I guess it turned out to be a bad idea telling Fredrik he can lay low for a while," Niklas speaks up.

"I suppose it was," Victor says, slipping the phone back into his jacket, "but we couldn't have known something like this would happen. We may not need him. Let's hope we don't."

I look over at the clock on the nightstand between the double beds.

"Well, he has four hours to find him," I say. "And somehow I don't think he's going to have much luck."

"Neither do I," Victor agrees. "We'll work with what we have." He looks to me. "You could try calling Fredrik. He might answer for you."

I shake my head. "Victor, he doesn't talk to me anymore. Not since Seraphina. I've told you that, more than once. Hell, it's starting to make me feel-"

"You're right, I apologize," he says-Niklas' eyes roll upward into his head. "This isn't about trust, Izabel. I know you're not lying to me about it. But the fact remains, I still think he'd talk to you."

"No. He won't," I say icily, standing firm on the issue because I've already tried talking to Fredrik and he shut me down. And it hurts. "And besides, if he doesn't answer for you, even when you've given him some time off, that's something you should be concerned about."

"I hate to say it," Niklas chimes in, "but I agree with her."

"Like I said," Victor responds, "we'll figure it out when we come to it. We may not even need Fredrik."

If we do, we'll probably be screwed.

Fredrik, although still very much a vital member of our organization-one of the most vital members-is also the most unstable. Not with his work-no, Fredrik is frighteningly good at what he does-but emotionally...he has no emotions anymore. Since losing Seraphina, the only woman he's ever loved and who understood him, apparently the woman who helped him control his urges, he's not been the same since. He is now the epitome of darkness; a dangerous, gorgeous man with a beast that lives inside of him so frightening that he scares me. And I don't scare easily.

I never could've imagined it before, never would've given it a second thought, but I feel like Fredrik could kill me. Not that he would target me, or risk his place under Victor, but that if he had to kill me, or torture me for whatever reasons, he would do it without question or protest.

The Fredrik I once knew is dead.

Niklas leaves a short time later and goes to his room down the hall.

"Izabel," Victor says from the table in front of the window, "you need to be prepared for what might happen."

"What do you mean?"

I get up from the end of the bed closest to the door and walk over to him, sitting across from him in the empty chair. He's dressed in his dress pants and a white button-up shirt. The veins running along his wrists come from beneath the sleeves and move along the tops of his strong hands as they rest against the table.

I already know what he's going to say, but I listen anyway, and my concern for Dina grows that much more.

"I know that you care for Mrs. Gregory," he says, "but we cannot, under any circumstances, give information about our organization to whoever has taken her."

"No negotiating with terrorists," I say with sarcasm. "Yeah, I get it. But I won't let Dina die, either."

"You may not have a choice," Victor says calmly.

I clench my jaw.

"Izabel," he says, "you knew this. You've known this since the day you were officially recruited."

I sigh and lower my head, trying to hold back the tears.

"I know," I say softly and with insurmountable regret. I feel his hands collapse atop mine on the table, but I don't look up.

"We'll do everything we can to keep her safe," he says, "but if it comes down to Mrs. Gregory and Dorian's ex-wife and whoever else they might've taken, and the secrecy of our organization and its members, then we have to let them go. Are you prepared for this, Izabel?"

I raise my head and meet his eyes; a tear tumbles down my cheek. I nod reluctantly and swallow hard, but I can't find it in me to give him more of an answer than that.

This may be my biggest test of loyalty and worth yet-I just wish that, like in the past, this test was also orchestrated by Victor because then I'd know Dina was going to be OK. But it's not. I know in my heart it's not. Victor has no control over it this time; there's no one on the inside like Niklas was when we took down Willem Stephens in Albuquerque last year. Dina could die. And I may not be able to stop it.

I won't let her die...

2

Izabel

With my gun on my hip and Pearl sheathed in my leather boot, I follow behind Victor as we stealthily make our way around the back of the red brick building. The area, two blocks of mostly abandoned buildings, is half shrouded in darkness. Many of the street lights that once lit up the place have long since burned out. One flickers in the distance near a ghostly intersection. A large fenced-in lot of old rusted cars is on the other side of the street, directly across from this building at 66th and Town. Many of the windows in the buildings along the street have been busted out-this whole place is a shithole, vacant and dark, the perfect breeding ground for crime and crack-heads and kidnappings. Only, there doesn't seem to be any actual people. Not a sound. Not a shadow. Not a mysterious out-of-place vehicle parked on a corner. Not even a stray animal in search of scraps. Nothing.

We duck low underneath the few windows when moving along the red bricks. Niklas is behind Victor and in front of me. Dorian is right behind me.

Victor stops with his back hunched over and he motions to Dorian and Niklas, telling them with only the gesture of his finger for each of them to go around the building in opposite directions. Niklas nods and heads around the back. Dorian nods and heads around the front.

Victor and I stay parked next to a side door set in the wall with three concrete steps leading down into it.

"You're going to wait here," Victor says quietly as he checks his gun.

Already I'm shaking my head in protest.

"This could be an ambush," he whispers, "and you're still far from ready."

"I can handle myself," I whisper back angrily, pulling my own gun from the holster at my hip. "You can't keep me in the damn playpen all the time, Victor."

He grabs my elbow and yanks me closer to him. I can feel the warmth of his breath on my cheek.

"You will wait here," he repeats in a low, firm voice, "do you understand?" His strong fingers tighten around my elbow when I don't answer. "Izabel?" he rips my name out.

"No!" I shoot back quietly. "I'm not going to stay here!"

Silence passes between us.

I lower my eyes, not in shame, but in disappointment and anger.

After a moment, Victor raises my head with his fingers fitted underneath my chin. He looks into my eyes, not as Victor, my boss, but Victor, the love of my life.

"I'll probably always be this way with you," he says. "If something were to ever happen to you...I don't want to end up like Fredrik." He pauses, looking briefly at the brick wall and then he sighs. "I'll go in ahead of you," he says.

I nod slowly and he kisses my lips and leaves me standing here, the wooden door set in the wall at the end of the concrete steps closing behind him as he disappears inside the building.

This is why I hate working with Victor, and why I prefer working with Niklas, regardless of how much I hate Niklas. Victor is hard on me in every aspect of this profession; he's put me through some horrific things just to prove I'm trustworthy, but when it comes to being in the field, he often treats me like a child. Not all the time, but in times like these when he gets one of his gut feelings. Quietly I question his true reason for being here. Because I know that his love for me, however deep it runs, isn't enough to put any of us at risk to save a 'little old lady'. He has gone out of his way to keep Dina safe and comfortable in various safe-houses across the country, all because she means so much to me, but risking all of us like this just to save her from her kidnapper is out of character for him. Which is why I know he's not doing it just to save her. That gut feeling of his is telling him that other things may be at stake, that there's far more to this than what it might seem. And it cannot be ignored.

I go down the steps and let the darkness of the basement floor swallow me up inside of it, too.

Victor is nowhere to be seen when my eyes finally begin to adjust to the dark. Some faint light bathes the area in spots, pooling near the few small, horizontal windows set in the brick, covered by years of dust and thick with cobwebs. On the other side of the vast, mostly empty space, past a pile of debris and a stack of old bicycles, there's a tall rock staircase. Another smaller door leads somewhere to my right. And to my left is more debris-piles of broken rock and tattered insulation and strips of wood that had been pulled from the low ceiling.

I head toward the tall staircase, gun at the ready in my hand. I'm more a knife-girl, but something tells me this unexpected mission thrown on us in the middle of the night might be more a gun event. As I ascend the rock steps quietly, I reach down and pat Pearl jutting up from my boot, just to make sure she's still there. She and I have a very close relationship-she's killed far more people than I have.

A shadow moves across the gray light on the basement floor, snapping me around on the sixth step to look behind me. I never heard the door opening from the outside. I back myself against the wall, my black, tight-fitting attire helping me blend in with the darkness. My long auburn hair is pulled into a tight braid trailing down the center of my back and out of my face, keeping my vision sharp. I don't move and I steady my breath so that it's as noiseless as the rest of me.

I ready my gun when I hear the distinct sound of small debris being crunched underneath a pair of boots.

"It's just me!" Dorian whispers sharply as his hands shoot up on both sides, my gun pointed down at him from the middle of the dark staircase. "Jesus! Scared the shit out of me, woman!" His voice is low, his breath noisy.

I lower my gun.

He points at the small door on the other side of the room.

"Came through there," he whispers. "There's another way into the basement on the other side of the building. That door links the sides."

"Did you see anyone?"

"No, not a soul." He comes up the steps behind me. "This doesn't feel right."

"No, it doesn't," I say.

"Where's Faust?"

"He came in this way ahead of me. Where he is now I don't know."

We take a few more steps, getting closer to the door at the top.

"I didn't know you were married," I say quietly, but keep moving because this isn't the time to stop and chat about our exes. Besides, I don't really have any exes, unless you want to count Javier Ruiz, the Mexican drug lord who I was a sexual slave to for nine years. And personally, I don't consider him an ex.

"I guess we all have things about us we'd rather not talk about," he says.

That wasn't necessarily his way of refusing me the conversation, but I end it just the same.

We reach the door and I place my hand on the dusty old knob, preparing to open it slowly.

"She hates me," Dorian says, catching me off-guard.

I look down at him two steps behind me.

He shrugs. "I don't blame her though," he says and then nods, looking at the door. "Let's go."

The door breaks apart from the frame, thankfully without a sound, and I crouch down on the top step in my tall black boots before poking my head carefully around the corner-if anyone's standing there waiting to blow my head off, they'll probably expect my head to be a little higher, giving me just enough time to spot them first and back away before they can react.

There's no one in the long, dark hall that splits off in two directions. Just more debris-overturned metal chairs and what looks like old desks of some sort are stacked in a sloppy pile along one wall. Papers are strewn about the floor.

We step out of the doorway and into the hall, passing quietly around the debris and the paper.

"I'll go this way," Dorian says, pointing to his left.

I nod and we part ways, me heading in the opposite direction past several opened doors on both sides of me, each room revealing that this might've been a school at one time. Now that I think about it, I do recall seeing what resembled an old running track a block over, and other red brick buildings much like this one, and a basketball court-it and the track overrun with weeds made it harder to identify in the dark, initially.

I take my time down the length of the long hallway, stopping at each door to make sure the rooms are clear before walking past them, and minutes later find myself at a set of closed metal doors, with strips of silver running horizontally along the centers, waiting for me to place my hands upon them to push them open. I step up to the doors and press my back against one instead, carefully turning my head at an angle to see inside the vertical piece of glass running from the top of the door to the horizontal push-handle. Moonlight barely penetrates the room from the frosted glass panels high up in the tall ceiling. All I can see are rows and rows of seats drowned by the darkness. And a stage, I finally make out the longer and harder I look. It's an auditorium.

Taking a deep breath, I press my hip against the push-handle and open the door. The handle pops and cracks, just like I remember it when I was in Jr. High school, and I wince. When I believe I'm still in the clear, I begin to move farther into the room, crouched low as I move down the center aisle. The carpet smells like fifty years' worth of dirt and mildew. The air is dry but cool, and getting cooler as November approaches, and it too stinks of old, abandoned building and weather damage.

I stop cold in my tracks and adjust my eyes in the semi-dark. There is movement below; what looks like a figure is sitting in one of the seats on the second row close to the stage. I drop closer to the floor, my finger ready to pull the trigger if I have to, and I watch for any more signs of movement, hoping my eyes were only playing tricks on me in the darkness.

A foot sways back and forth, propped on the back of the chair in front of what I'm definitely certain of now is a figure.

A loud bang resonates through the auditorium, and then another, and I see Niklas and Dorian entering from two different sides below, both with their guns raised and pointed right at the figure.

"Put your fucking hands up! Put your fucking hands up now!" Niklas shouts as he rushes the figure, his voice echoing throughout the room.

I duck down behind a row of seats and stay out of the way for now, just in case there are others, and I need to come in later from behind.

"Where's Tessa!" Dorian screams at the figure and it looks like he's shoved the barrel of his gun into the side of the figure's head. "I'll splatter your brains across the fucking seats if you've hurt her! Where is she?!" he roars.

"Back off, Dorian," I hear Victor's voice carry over the auditorium and then see his figure walking across the stage, the sound of his dress shoes tapping against the wood floor.

I look up and all around me for any signs of movement, or shadows moving along the walls, but still there's nothing. Could this person have come alone? I'm not buying it and I doubt Victor is, either. We didn't even come alone; there are four other men outside on the rooftops who scouted the outside before we made our first move around the back of the building. But they found nothing either. No signs of anyone lurking about the buildings, or on any rooftops waiting to get us in the sights of their sniper scopes.

The figure stands from the seat, and I see long white-blonde hair tumble against her back. Her hands are raised out at her sides and although I can barely make out what she looks like from behind, I get the distinct feeling that there's a smile or a smirk dancing at the corners of her mouth.

Finally, I push myself back into a stand and step out into the aisle. Niklas is the only one who looks up as I make my way down. Dorian won't take his enraged eyes-or his gun-off the woman.

Finally, Victor looks at me. He nods his approval.

In a flash, the woman braces her hands on the backs of two chairs and her slim body lifts into the air, her feet swinging around in one swift sweep, her boot making contact with Dorian's gun, sending it flying. A half a second later, her other boot makes contact with his face, a nauseating crunch ripples through the air as Dorian goes down. A single shot goes off with a vociferous bang and a flash of light dies in front of Niklas, but his gun too is sent flying. The woman leaps over the back of the seat and lands in the center aisle, crouched perfectly. The second she stands eye-level, Niklas rounds on her with an upper-cut. She falls backward into the seats on the other side of the aisle.

I run toward them, holstering my gun and pulling my knife from my boot, hungry to use it on this bitch.

Blonde hair whips behind her figure as she leaps from between the seats, propping her hands on the backs again to give her balance. She kicks out at Niklas. Once. Twice. The third time her black boot plants dead center in his chest and sends him falling backward into the aisle. She pounces on top of him and swings her fists at his head, but Dorian grabs her from behind and pulls her off. Niklas springs back to his feet, just as the woman rams the back of her head into Dorian's face behind her, instantly setting her free from his hold. Her long leg juts out and she buries her foot into Niklas' gut, and just as quickly, she rounds on Dorian again and punches him square in the face; blood that looks black in the semi-dark springs from his nose.

I jump into the scene, crouching low against the floor and sweeping my foot outward to take her off of hers. She falls backward, her blonde head hitting an armrest on the way down. I fling myself on top of her and go to put my knife to her throat but she blocks my hand with her arm, knocking it from my grasp. I get a few blows in; my knuckles come up bloody after the third time I hit her in the nose, but suddenly I'm choking when her legs lock around my throat from behind and my body falls backward against the floor.

With our roles reversed, the pain of her fist cracking against the bones in my face makes my vision fuzzy and my senses dizzy. I do the only thing I can do and reach up with both hands, grabbing fistfuls of silky hair and I pull like I'm going to rip it all out, until we're both struggling on the floor. Hair-pulling is for bitches, except when it's the only option.

She punches me. I punch her back.

"Where is Dina!"

She laughs and jumps to her feet, but then she falls back down when Dorian grabs a hold of one arm and twists it around behind her. He pounces on her, jabbing a knee into the small of her back.

She laughs again, her voice garbled by the blood pooling in her mouth.

Niklas strips off his belt and wraps it around her wrists bound behind her, pulling as tight as it will go, surely cutting off the blood circulation.

They both yank her to her feet, a hand around each elbow.

I step around in front of her, looking her in the eyes for the first time. Her hair is stained by blood around her mouth and disheveled around her oval-shaped face. The smile she wears is spiteful and excited, as if this entire scenario that just played out got her off in some sick way.

I draw back my fist and slam it down against her face again. Her head jerks back briefly, and when she shakes off the stun, the smile returns and a look of challenge remains ever-present in her face.

Niklas holds onto her tightly. Dorian stands off to the side. I know he wants to kill her as much as I do.

"If I die," she says, taunting me, "that old bitch bites it right along with me."

I lunge at her, swinging my fists, screaming into her face, until Victor's arms grab me from behind and pull me off of her.

"Where is she?!" I bellow. "What did you do to her?!"

An even more devilish smile slips up on her lips, painted the reddest of reds I'm just now noticing; lipstick is also smeared across her face.

She spits blood onto the floor and rolls her tongue across her teeth as if checking to see if any are loose.

Victor pushes me off to the side, separating us, and he stands between us.

"Who are you?" he asks her in a calm, but demanding voice.

She smiles, her white teeth glistening with blood.

"Oh, one of you knows who I am," she says cryptically, her eyes passing over all of us, except for Niklas who's still behind her. "Where's the interrogator? The sadistic torturer? He's in on this as much as the rest of you." Her eyes fall back on Victor. "And that greasy little fucker you hired to do all of your hacking. The information-getter? All of you are in on this."

"What is 'this' exactly?" Victor asks.

The woman cocks her head to one side, almost thoughtfully. "You'll know that when all six Knights of the Round Table are present." She smirks. "Oh, and I'll be needing a bath, a clean outfit, a meal-not any of that fast-food shit-and a glass of wine."

Niklas and Dorian glance at one another, then at me, lastly at Victor.

Niklas yanks the woman by the back of her hair, exposing her throat.

"Who the fuck are you, you insane bitch?" he demands.

"Oh, love," she says whimsically, "don't rough me up too much or I might just fall in love with you."

He pulls on her hair harder, but she doesn't even flinch.

"My name is Nora," she announces, "and for now, since I'm clearly the one in control, that's all any of you need to know."

3

Izabel

Present time - 9:00 p.m. - Boston Headquarters

A face with a split lip and stained yellow and blue underneath the left eye, stares back at me in the mirror.

"That bitch is crazy," I tell Victor standing in the room behind me. I dab some ointment onto a cut underneath my eye with the tip of my finger. "She's playing games, Victor." I wince when my finger touches the sore bone.

"Yes, she is," he says, stepping into a clean pair of dress pants, leaving them unbuttoned and loose around the muscled V-shape between his hips. "And for now we have to play along."

"Who do you think she is?" I ask. "She says that one of us knows her. It's not me; that much I'm sure of."

Slipping his arms into the sleeves of a dress shirt he says, "That might not be true"-I turn from the mirror and step into the doorway of the bathroom, looking across at him-"if she was someone obvious, we'd know already who she is-unless it's Woodard or Fredrik who hasn't seen her yet. But I think it's more likely that she's someone that one of us knows through someone else."

Curious, I step into the room, dressed in my black panties and bra, my hair still wet from the shower.

"But what concerns me more than who she is," Victor says while buttoning his shirt, "is how she knew about Mrs. Gregory, Tessa Flynn and James Woodard's daughters. Or, how she knew that only six of us-and which six-sit in on meetings and run things behind the scenes."

On the way back to Boston, with 'Nora' in the trunk, she told us that Dina and Tessa weren't the only loved ones she got to-James Woodard, distraught over the disappearance of his daughters, is on his way to Boston as we speak.

"And how did she know that you, Niklas and Fredrik have no one you care for on the outside for her to kidnap?" I point out.

Victor sits on the end of the bed to put on his black dress socks.

He nods once.

"Yes, that's disconcerting," he says. "If she knows that much about us, I'm sure she knows a lot more. We need to find out what before I kill her."

"You mean"-I narrow my eyes at him-"we need to find Dina, Tessa and James's daughters, and whatever else she knows before you kill her."

He looks up.

"Come here," he says.

Reluctantly, I walk over to him and he fits his hands on my hips, pulling me to stand in-between his opened legs. His warm lips fall on my bare stomach.

"I have no intention in letting this woman hurt Mrs. Gregory," he says and I run my hands through the top of his short brown hair. "We'll do everything that we can to find her and get her back. Do you not trust me, Izabel?" He looks up into my eyes.

With my fingers still speared through his hair, I carefully tilt his head back on his neck. His hands squeeze my hips.

"Yes, I trust you, Victor, but I also know how you are. I know that you can't just become someone you're not simply because you've developed feelings for me." My hands comb through his hair as he looks up at me, his neck arced backward. "And I know-." I can't finish.

"You know what?" he asks in a quiet voice.

"Nothing," I say, shaking my head.

I take a step back, intent on getting dressed, but his hands tighten about my hips, holding me in place.

"Tell me," he says.

"I can't."

And I won't. I don't even know what compelled me to bring it up like that.

"It's nothing," I say and finally he lets go, his hands falling away from my hips as I walk over to the closet. "We need to go talk to this bitch. I don't care if she's pulling all the strings. She's going to start talking if I have to beat it out of her"-I shake my finger at him, turning from the closet-"And I couldn't care less if she's handcuffed to a chair with no way to fight back-I'll still beat her to death if she hurt Dina."

"I wouldn't expect anything less of you," he says.

Victor stands from the end of the bed and tucks the tail of his white shirt behind the waist of his slacks, tops it off with a thin belt and then steps into his dress shoes.

As I'm slipping a thigh-length black dress over my head, Victor steps up behind me and kisses the back of my neck, his fingers trailing softly down the bare skin of my arms.

"I'll see you in ten minutes," he says.

He turns and starts to walk toward the door, but I walk quickly over to him and wrap my arms around his waist from behind, resting the side of my bruised face against his back. His big hands enclose mine.

"I do trust you, Victor," I tell him in a quiet, intent voice.

He squeezes my hands one last time and leaves me to finish getting dressed.

~~~

Nora is sitting alone in a generously-sized room with thick brick walls painted white. A square metal table sits in the center with two black metal chairs-one on each side-and a row of dome-shaped lights running along the high ceiling, bathing the room in bright light. There are four vents set in the wall close to the ceiling to pump heat or air into the space, but it's neither too hot nor too cold right now to need it. The floor is made of white tiles, blemished by scuffmarks and scrapes from the various pieces of furniture that were taken out of the room months ago, turning what was once some kind of storage space into a confinement and interrogation room. A heavy steel door is the only way in or out, unless one is the size of a toddler and can fit through the vents near the ceiling. Nora is not. She's a little bigger than me; taller and heavier by a few pounds, and I know I couldn't fit through an opening that small.

As requested, Nora was allowed a bath-Niklas was happy to volunteer to be the one to stay in the bathroom with her while she did, not because he wanted to see her naked, but because she hit him in the face and he hoped that watching her bathe would make her uncomfortable. It didn't. I think he's already beginning to hate her more than he hates me.

She was also given food and wine. And only because she knows where Dina is, I gave her some of my clothes to change into. A pair of black leather pants, long-sleeved black see-through silk shirt, and a pair of black six-inch heels. Her special request was a tube of dark red lipstick-I thought about giving it a few strokes across a toilet seat before giving it to her, but it would take too long to walk back to the restroom.

Niklas has been standing guard inside the interrogation room for the past hour while she ate her meal-lamb with rice and mashed potatoes-and drank her wine all as if she were on a date and enjoying a night out that she didn't have to pay for. Dorian was persistent about getting his turn to sit in the locked room with her, but seeing as how he wants to beat on her as much as I do, Victor told him to stay out.

Victor is inside the room now, sitting in the empty chair across the table from her when I finally make my appearance. I push up on my toes to look into the room through the small square window, covered by thick Plexiglas.

"Has she said anything?" I ask Niklas.

He's standing outside the room with Dorian now. The tall steel door is closed and locked from the outside. There is no way to hear anything being said inside, except from the video surveillance room located two floors up.

Niklas shakes his head, leaning against the wall with his arms crossed.

"I don't like not being able to hear what they're saying," I say, pressing my ear to the door, knowing it's too thick and I'm wasting the effort.

"The only thing she's said to me really," Niklas offers, "is that she's not pleased with the accommodations."

Dorian paces the brightly lit hall, his black boots moving heavily across the floor, a look of anger glazing in his features. A thick vein is visible near his temple. His jaw constantly moves as if he's gritting his teeth.

"We're going to find them," I tell him, trying to sound optimistic, even though I'm not so sure I feel that way myself.

He glances at me, but continues to pace.

"I don't like being out here," he says, "when I should be in there finding out what she wants."

"Victor knows what he's doing," I say.

He nods. "But I still want to know what she's saying."

Just then, there's a knock at the door from the inside. When Niklas sees that it's Victor, he punches in the code on the panel on the wall and there's a clicking sound. The door opens and Victor steps out into the hall and then closes the door behind him.

"So what's the word?" I ask, growing more anxious by the second.

Victor shakes his head.

"She won't start telling us anything until we're all in the same room with her," Victor begins. "And she wants a larger room, preferably something with a couch."

"Picky little bitch, isn't she?" Niklas chimes in.

"I told her she wasn't getting another room." Victor looks at each of us briefly. "We're not going to give her everything she wants. It's unacceptable. And it will also make her think that there are no boundaries, no limitations to what we'll do. She may be the one with all the cards, but she's also sitting in a room handcuffed to a chair-she's not completely in control, and I won't give that kind of control to her. No matter whose lives are on the line."

I bite my lip and remain quiet.

Dorian grits his teeth harder.

Niklas licks the dryness from his lips and looks nonchalantly down the long hallway-the only part of any of this he cares about is what this woman might know about the organization.

James Woodard; short, stubby and balding in the back center of his head, comes walking briskly down the hall, his too-long khaki pants shifting underneath his loafers as he walks. He wears a blue and white plaid shirt, short-sleeved, and tucked sloppily behind a belt underneath his oversized belly. Sweat glistens in his hairline and in tiny beads under his nostrils.

"Is she here?" he asks, winded, "the woman who kidnapped my daughters?" He points to the steel door. "Is she in that room?"

"She is," Victor says with a slight nod.

"So what are we waiting for then?" Woodard says, looking at each of us in turns.

He presses the tip of his index finger in the center of his glasses and moves them back on his face.

"Apparently, we're waiting for Fredrik," Dorian says with acid in his voice. "But we're gonna be waiting a long damn time." His bottom lip is swollen and a blue-yellow bruise runs along his jaw.

"No," Victor says, clasping his strong hands in front of him, "that's something else I refused to give her. She didn't like it at first, but she agreed to start talking when Woodard arrived. But she won't tell us everything until Fredrik is here, so we'll need him eventually."

"It shouldn't be hard to find him at all," Niklas cuts in with disapproval. "You're his employer. And last I checked we didn't have vacation schedules and 401k plans. If he doesn't pick up the damn phone when you, of all people, call him, his ass should be dealt with."

Victor looks to Niklas. "Fredrik will be here. Of that I have no doubt, Niklas. For now, let's find out what this woman wants. And what she knows."

Woodard's pudgy hand comes up and wipes sweat from his bushy brows. Moisture is already seeping through the armpits of his plaid shirt.

"Woodard," Victor says, "I'll say the same thing I said to Izabel-no information on this organization will be given to this woman. Is that understood?"

A knot moves down the center of Woodard's thick throat and he nods uneasily, wiping more sweat from his brows. "Yes, sir. I understand, sir."

That one will have to be watched, for sure. He seems unstable, afraid and desperate-three of about five ingredients needed for someone to cave and spill everything they know. But I understand his fear and I can't help but feel sorry for him instead of worried what he might give away.

Victor punches in the code on the door and all five of us head inside the room.

4

Izabel

Nora's dark red lips stretch into an enormous close-lipped smile when we enter the room with her. Her long, white-blonde hair is like a milky wave of silk down the sides of her face and over both shoulders, stark against the color of her lipstick. Her dark eyelashes and groomed brows seem set artistically above and around the light brown of her irises. High cheekbones give her creamy skin even more definition. And although, I admit, mesmerizing to look at, she's not without flaw. A thin half-inch scar runs along the left side of her chin; another one, about two inches long, runs horizontally across the center of her throat. And, the most noticeable, she's missing the tip of her left pinky finger.

She raises her arms as far as the chains will allow at about shoulder height, her palms up, and then tilts her head to one side.

"Glad you all could make it," she says with a big, confident smile and then lowers her hands on the table, the cuffs rattling against the metal. "With one exception, of course."

"Let's skip the dramatic monologue," I say icily, stepping up ahead of the others. "None of us care to hear how witty you can be, or what kinds of cheesy fucking lines you can come up with while you dangle the meat in front of our faces. What the fuck do you want?"

Nora sighs dramatically, pursing her red lips on one side, but never really loses that confident smile of hers that I want to slap right off her face.

Victor steps up next to me, but he doesn't force me away, or tell me to be quiet. He won't go that far in front of her unless he thinks I'm making a mistake, and I admit, sometimes it's warranted because I have a hard time controlling my anger.

Nora's brown eyes follow him and she looks him over from his shiny, expensive dress shoes, his black Armani suit jacket and to the top of his nicely-groomed hair. Surely she's 'looked him over' in this sultry manner already, but now that I'm in the room with him she must be trying to push the jealous buttons. It doesn't work because I know I have nothing to worry about.

"Shall we begin?" Victor says.

"Of course," she says, as always with an air of sophistication. "I would say have a seat, but seeing as how there's only one extra chair..."

"We're fine to stand," Dorian says with impatience, stepping up beside us. "Let's get on with this."

Niklas moves off to the side to stand against the wall. He's as interested as anyone in what Nora has to say, but he appears bored. He crosses his muscled arms over his chest and brings one foot up, propping the sole of his boot against the wall behind him.

Woodard has barely moved the whole time. He continues to stand in the center of the room, sweating profusely and looking like he's about to be forced on a rollercoaster and is afraid of heights-if any of us cracks under the pressure, it's likely to be Woodard.

Nora's eyes scan us all, one by one. Propping her elbows on the chair arms, she interlocks her fingers over her lap dressed in black leather, her hands dangling there.

"As I've said," Nora begins smoothly, confidently, "one of you knows who I am, or at least will realize who I am by the time this is all over."

We all look at each other, all except for Victor who keeps his eyes trained on the enemy-always focused, always disciplined, always absorbing every miniscule detail, always the one of us who has his shit together at all times no matter the situation.

"This is how the game will be played," she goes on. "I want information, and if I don't get the information that I came here for"-she smirks and points her index finger upward-"yes, I said came here, because I wouldn't be sitting here in this room if I hadn't let you bring me."

"I suppose you wanted to be chained to a chair, too," I cut in sarcastically.

She raises her wrists as if to show us the handcuffs.

"These little things?" she says mockingly.

"Get to the point," Victor cuts her off.

Her brown eyes move from me to Victor and then after a pause, she goes on.

"Each one of you will give me information. Privately-"she points her finger upward again-"except the one of you who I'm here for. That particular person will have no choice but to give me the information that I want in front of everyone else. And if he or she refuses, your loved ones will be executed."

I swallow nervously and picture Dina's face in my mind.

Dorian steps closer, his hands balled into fists at his sides, his teeth grinding, and rage in his face.

Victor puts out his arm without moving any other part of his body, stopping Dorian in his tracks. Dorian doesn't go any farther.

Nora's eyes pass over Dorian as she warns, "And if I die, they will also be executed."

She interlocks her fingers over her lap again.

"Lastly, if my contact doesn't hear from me in forty-eight hours, that will also get your loved ones killed. So, are you willing to play?" Her gaze falls on all of us once more.

"It's going to depend solely on what kind of information you want," Victor speaks up. "And you seem to overlook the very clear fact that you are my prisoner. What makes you think that we won't simply use you to get these people back? If you know anything about me, and apparently you do, then you should know that I will not give up information on my organization, nor will I let anyone else"-he places his hands on the table and leans over, looking her dead in the eyes-"and I have no problem killing a woman."

My gaze falls toward the floor; the glare of the light on my black boots the only thing visible in my unfocused vision.

"Proud of that, are you?" Nora mocks, and I can't be sure, but I thought I felt her eyes on me momentarily.

She cocks her blonde head to one side as I lift mine.

"You must like killing women, Mr. Faust." She smirks, but is quite serious-and I know she's trying to get under my skin.

"Killing is what I do," he answers, sliding his hands off the table and returning upright. "I neither like nor dislike it. But I don't kill innocent people, if that's what you're implying."

"Oh, not at all," she says, her tone laced with mockery.

Her eyes do meet mine this time, and I can't help but feel like there's something hidden in them, something that has to do with me. Or maybe-and very much a possibility-it's my paranoia at work again.

"But to answer your question," Nora goes on, "you can use me all you want to get your people back, but it will do you no good"-she leans forward over the table, her long hair laying against the metal-"you see, I'm not afraid of death, and I have nothing else to live for other than the information that I came here to get. So by all means, use me all you want, but you'll only risk their lives further by doing so."

Silence fills the room. Again, we all look at each other momentarily, contemplatively.

"What is the nature of the information that you seek?" Victor asks.

Nora grins, her head tilting from one side to the other in a precise, swaying motion.

"Each of you has a deep, dark secret," she begins, "something you may be ashamed of, or regret, or may be haunted by because it was so awful this thing you did that your conscience can't escape it. One of you"-she never looks at any one of us in particular while saying these things-"was betrayed by someone very close to you. One of you had something taken from you a long time ago. And one of you buried something that could be the end of you if it was ever found. You're going to confess to me these secrets. Willingly. Truthfully." She looks only at Victor now. "That is the nature of the information that I seek, Mr. Faust."

Silence fills the space again, but this time it's rife with a collective, uncomfortable feeling that all of us share.

"Are you claiming to already know these so-called 'dark secrets'?" I ask, crossing my arms.

Nora's red lips lengthen as her eyes sweep over me.

"I do," she says. "I know more about you than the one in this room closest to you knows."

"And just how would you know?" I say, standing my ground because I don't believe it and I doubt anyone else does either. "Deep, dark secrets are deep and dark for a reason. And what exactly do you get out of this? Something's not adding up."

"I'll tell you all how I know when I'm ready," she says calmly, deliberately. "And I get a lot out of it, Sarai"-I flinch when my old name rolls off her tongue-"just be patient and eventually everything will make sense."

Victor turns his back to Nora and looks at all of us.

"Is anyone here unwilling to go along with this?" he asks.

"I'll do it," Woodard says nodding his head, his double-chin jiggling. "A-Anything-I-I mean, just about anything to keep my daughters safe." He wrenches his hands over the top of his rounded belly.

Dorian runs a hand over the top of his blond, spiky hair, the sleeve of his dark gray sweater slipping away from his wrist, revealing a Rolex worn over a black and gray tattoo of a blood-tipped leaf down the center of his wrist bone.

He nods and licks the dryness from his lips, his hand falling away from the back of his neck.

"I'll do it," he says and then he glares across the table at Nora.

Victor looks to me next and I only hesitate for a moment.

"Count me in," I say and I look at Nora with a sneer. "I have nothing to hide."

She smiles because she knows I'm lying.

Niklas pushes himself away from the wall by his boot and walks toward us, that smirk he's famous for, displayed proudly on his face. He reaches up and scratches the scruff of his chin and cheeks. "You're full of shit," he says now crossing his arms and looking right at Nora. "You say everyone in this room has a secret. Well, I don't-there's nothing 'deep and dark' about me that anyone in this room doesn't already know. I'm an open fucking book, and that's how I know you're just another manipulative bitch"-he glances at me briefly-"but sure, I'll play your game. I don't have anything better to do."

Niklas walks back toward the wall.

All eyes are on Victor.

Victor looks at me briefly-because I know he's only entertaining this for me-then he gives Nora his attention and says casually, "When do we begin?"

Nora smiles and presses her back against the chair.

She purses her lips and says with the wave of a hand, "The sooner the better. Clock is ticking. I hope you'll relay all of this to that Specialist of yours-too bad he can't bring Seraphina...or was it Cassia?"-she grins wickedly-"he is coming, isn't he? He's part of the deal; remember that. If he doesn't show, they die."

Dorian and I lock eyes this time, both of us with the same terrible thoughts and fears.

"So, who's going to volunteer to go first?" Nora questions with perfectly-groomed raised eyebrows.

"I'll go first," Woodard says immediately.

He drags a curled index finger behind the neck of his shirt, loosening the sweaty fabric from his skin.

Victor moves toward the table and takes the back of the empty chair into his hand, pulling it to the center of the room, about five feet away from the table and the dangerous woman sitting on the other side of it.

"Do not move this chair from this spot," Victor demands. "She's secure, arms and legs, but stay out of her reach."

Nora smiles wickedly at Woodard, revealing a straight white set of teeth. Then she looks at each of us individually one last time, proud of her performance, and the rest of us leave the room.

"I'm not sure it's a good idea to leave Peter Griffin confined in a room with her," Niklas says with an accent after the heavy door closes and locks automatically.

"He has a gun," Victor reveals. "As long as he stays out of her range, he'll be fine. Besides, she's not here to kill anyone. This 'game' she's playing is very important to her. She has gone out of her way to get this far."

Victor does make a valid point.

"Do you think she knows the room is bugged?" I ask.

"I don't know," Victor answers, "but I have a feeling it doesn't matter to her either way."

"Victor," Dorian says, "if anything happens to Tessa-"

"Let's cross that bridge when we get to it, Flynn," Victor cuts in. "One thing at a time."

We walk alongside and behind Victor down the hall and away from the room, making our way to the elevator and into the surveillance room. Three giant flat screen TV's are lined perfectly across the wall, surrounded by video and audio equipment set underneath it atop two massive desks and two other tables to the right and left. The screens are already alive with the scene from the interrogation room. The television in the center displays one giant image, situated on Nora and Woodard, zoomed in enough to almost count the moles and freckles on Woodard's neck. The two televisions on the left and right of this one have four different screens within them, all showing different angles of the room.

Their voices stream from the speakers almost as audibly as if we were sitting in a small theatre, watching a movie.

We sit down in rolling desk chairs and listen, catching the beginning of their conversation barely in time.

"...oh, I know that your full name is James Carl Woodard," Nora says smartly, folding her hands together on the table in front of her. "Born in Boston, Massachusetts on August 3, 1955 at 12:02 a.m. to Anthony and Beatty Woodard."

Woodard can barely sit still in his chair; his right foot dressed in a wide black loafer constantly bounces up and down against the floor rapidly. His breathing is unsteady and his shirt is drenched in sweat, as well as his forehead that he continuously wipes away onto his hand, transferring it to his pants legs afterwards.

"Yes," he says, "that's correct. H-How do you know anything about me? Because, lady, I don't know you. I-I mean, I can't imagine who you could be at all really. B-But I-I, well, I'll try to figure it out if you want. Just don't hurt my daughters."

She smiles softly, pityingly even, and then shakes her head.

"Your daughters," Nora says as if bringing up a point. "What would you do for your daughters?"

"A-Anything...I-I mean I can't give you information on this Order...b-because I don't know much of anything-."

With a smile, Nora looks at Woodard in a knowing, sidelong manner.

"Oh, come on now, James," she says, "I had hoped you weren't really as stupid as you look. Don't you think I'm far beyond knowing you are the information go-to guy in this Order; at least one of them, anyway; the one that sits at the table right along with the leader and his best men"-her eyes look right into a hidden camera-"and woman," she adds with a smirk.

"OK, she definitely knows about the room being bugged," I say, though it really didn't need to be said at this point.

"But we're not here for that," Nora goes on, looking at Woodard again. "You're going to tell me about your family."

"W-What about them?" he stutters; he always stutters when he's nervous. "Wada'ya want to know?"

"I want to know about your children."

Woodard looks confused.

She helps further him along.

"Look at me James," she says leaning on the table and looking back at him under hooded eyes. "I'm not going to spell anything out for you. It's your job to tell me your secret on your own."

"But I don't-"

"Oh, yes you do know," she says and leans back again. "A man like you who isn't as stupid as he looks-I bet there's a lot about you that we don't know. Isn't there?"

He says nothing.

"I've been watching you for a long time," she goes on. "I know where you live with your wife and two daughters. I know about the houses you frequent, leaving them alone...unprotected-"

"I leave to protect them," Woodard cuts in defensively. "I love my family. I'd never deliberately put them in harm's way." The stuttering has subsided now that he's getting angry.

"Of course you do," Nora taunts him, "that's why your daughters are no telling where, right now, tied to chairs"-she brings her hands up, the chains jangling, and then looks down at herself-"a lot like this one, in fact. But let's skip ahead a little. About those daughters of yours and that secret you're keeping."

I'm not liking at all where this feels like it's going.

Victor and I exchange a look.

"I-I don't know what you're t-talking about."

She smiles.

"I think you do."

My stomach is twisting in knots listening to this. If he says what I think he's going to say-

"OK, I'll tell you," Woodard says and lowers his eyes.

By now, me, Victor, Dorian and Niklas are all hanging on his confession, probably all thinking the same thing.

"I-I have six other daughters," he says, "with four other women. I-I've been cheating on my wife for fifteen years. I-Is t-that what you wanted to know?"

Nora smiles with satisfaction.

The four of us just sit here in a sort of shock, but I think equally relieved he wasn't about to confess something more unforgivable. James Woodard may be a bumbling heart attack on two legs, but we've all grown quite fond of him.

"Shit, did he just say he has eight daughters with five different women?" Dorian says, astonished.

"I think he did," Niklas answers with humor in his voice. "Who woulda thought he gets more pussy than you, Flynn?"

Dorian sneers and shakes his head, looking back at the screen.

Nora makes eye contact with the hidden camera again.

"See how easy that was?" she says. "Actually, that was a lot easier than I thought it'd be." She interlaces her fingers on the table. "Now, Mr. Woodard, that wasn't so hard, was it? Doesn't the truth feel liberating?" She nibbles on her bottom lip and cocks her head to one side with a shrug. "Of course, it would be much more liberating if you told your wife, but you're too much of a coward for that, aren't you?"

He nods nervously looking downward, coiling his pudgy fingers within his lap, his foot steadily tapping against the floor.

"A-Are my daughters OK?"

"I don't know," she says without flinching. "The now isn't important really. How they're going to be by the time this is all over is what you should be worried about."

"Is that what you want?" he says. "For me to confess to my wife? To tell my daughters they have sisters? I-I don't understand what this has to do with anything. I-I don't see why you'd kidnap them-."

Nora puts up a finger.

"You'll figure it out," she says with a small shrug. "You have plenty of time to think about it."

Woodard's bushy brows bunch in his forehead.

"That's it?" he asks, as confused as any of us are. "That's all you wanted to know? I thought you were going to try forcing information about the rest of us-"

"I don't need you to do that," she says with confidence. "The others will tell me what I want to know, all on their own."

Confidence just may be the kink in Nora's armor because somehow I doubt she'll get anything out of most of us. Dorian, maybe, because Tessa's life is on the line and clearly he still loves his ex-wife. Me-it's a very real possibility that she'll get me to talk because of Dina, and because if it's just personal secrets that she wants and not information on our Order, then I'm willing to give up my secrets to save Dina's life.

Have I ever slept with a girl? Sure I have-I lived with dozens of them for nine years when I was a prisoner in Mexico. Nothing to be ashamed of, sleeping with a woman, although it is a little embarrassing. And I wouldn't want to give Niklas and Dorian that kind of ammunition to get under my skin-they'd love that.

Have I ever stolen anything? Well, theft is sort of something I'm quite good at and I use it to my advantage in the field often. But Victor already knows this. Niklas and Dorian and Fredrik and anyone else in our Order, not so much, because I've stolen from all of them to keep tabs on their personal lives for Victor. OK, now that might be damaging.

Maybe I'm not giving Nora enough credit.

Now I'm nervous.

But Victor?

No. She'll never get anything out of him. It scares me because I want Dina to live and if she dies, the last person in the world I can handle being the cause of it, is Victor. If she dies because of him, I don't think I'll ever be able to forgive him.

Niklas?

I shake my head thinking about it to myself. Niklas, I feel is exactly how he told her he is before he walked out of that room-an open fucking book. So, I don't know what she expects to get out of him, if there's anything to get at all.

Fredrik?

Oh, how sad it's going to be for this woman who has truly-pardon the cliche-bitten off way more than she can chew. Pulling information from the lips like blood from a vein is Fredrik's domain, one I doubt she wants to tread upon.

"That was too easy," Dorian speaks up.

Niklas laughs lightly under his breath. "Yeah well look who's on the stand as the first witness. Victor, are you sure you fully tested this guy before giving him access to everything?"

Victor nods.

"James Woodard is trustworthy," he says. "He may be skittish, but don't let that fool you."

Nora smiles into the camera.

"Who's coming to confession next?" she says.

I don't want to go. This bitch makes me uncomfortable.

"I'll go next," I speak out against my inner thoughts.

"Are you sure?" Victor says.

I nod.

"Yeah, I want to get this over with." At least that part is true.

I get up from the rolling chair, tugging the ends of my black dress back over my thighs.

"The sooner we get this over with," I say, "the sooner we get them back."

Dorian nods.

Niklas just looks at me with no emotion in his face.

I look at Victor, a sort of quiet contemplation in my eyes. I don't want them to listen to me confess anything to this woman, but I know that they will need to keep the audio open in case Nora says something important. So, I don't bother telling them how much I don't like this, and I leave the room and head for the elevator, passing a rattled James Woodard up in the long stretch of hallway on my way down.

How much could this woman really know, anyway? So what if she knew Woodard's full name, birthdate, birth time, and parents' names-all of that information can be found on a handy little document called a birth certificate. She didn't really say much about anything else, so maybe she was just bluffing. Yeah, that's a possibility. She's bluffing, and Woodard was the perfect person to use in order to show off to the rest of us.

I doubt she really knows anything about me, much less all of us.

5

Izabel

After punching the access code on the door panel, I enter the room armed with only my pearl-handled knife hidden within my right boot. I take my time making my way across the room and to the chair, but I don't sit down once I get there. Nora sits comfortably with her back against the chair, her arms resting along the thin metal arms, her red-painted fingernails draped elegantly over the edges. All except for her left pinky finger.

I smile thinking about it to myself, stopping just behind the empty chair.

"Is something funny?" Nora inquires.

"Actually yeah," I say with a grin.

I glance at her marred finger just long enough for her to glimpse what I'm referring to, and then back up at her bright brown eyes framed by dark eyelashes and bruises.

"Did someone get tired of hearing your shit and cut it off?"

She smirks.

Then she raises her left hand and moves her long fingers about in a delicate fashion.

"I do miss it," she says nonchalantly and then sets the hand back down on the chair arm. "But I'm not the one answering questions here." She motions toward my chair. "Have a seat."

"I think I'll stand."

"No, I think you'll have a seat," she says calmly, but with an air of authority.

She smiles.

I don't. And I don't sit down, either.

"I really expected you to go last," she says. "I mean, seeing as how your secret is one of the darkest."

That gets my attention.

She tilts her head. "I really hope for your sake that no one is listening in on our conversation this time."

"You don't know anything about me," I snap, unconfident. "My real name-so what. That's not hard to find out. Just like James's birth record information. I think you're a fraud."

Nora smiles and motions to the chair again.

"A fraud, maybe," she says, taunting me as always, "but a fraud who controls whether Dina Gregory lives or dies, nonetheless. Please, have a seat, so we can be at eye level."

I round my chin, gritting my teeth, but once again she has my attention.

"Are you asking or telling?"

"I'm asking," she says calmly. "Please. Sit." She opens her hand in gesture.

Her strange change of attitude catches me off-guard, but it's only after I finally sit down that I realize she still got me to do it. She doesn't say anything in the way of mockery, but I know, just by that faint look of satisfaction in her eyes that she's jotting down another win in her mental notebook.

I say nothing, and try to maintain my own influence; what's left of it anyway.

"How about this," I say, crossing my legs and my arms, "you tell me a little about you first, just so we can get more...comfortable with each other. And then I'll tell you what you want to know."

"Did my blood not suffice?" she asks with a knowing smirk. "I gave it to them freely, you know. Because they'll find nothing on me." She holds up both hands, palms facing me. "Fingerprints?"-she chuckles elegantly-"won't find anything on those either, I'm afraid."

"So then let's talk," I say.

Nora leans forward, laying her arms across the table, though they only reach from the middle of her forearms, the chains hooked to the handcuffs preventing them to go any farther.

"I told you," she says, "I'm not here to answer your questions."

I stand up and boldly move my chair the rest of the way over and place it at the table within her reach. I'm not afraid of her and I want her to know it.

She grins looking up at me and her eyes follow mine all the way back down as I take my seat again, just a couple of feet across from her. Then I lean forward just like her, laying my arms across the table in front of me and enclosing my hands.

I glance at my fingers and then look her dead in the eyes. "I have all of mine," I say with cruel mockery. Then I lay my hands flat on the cool metal tabletop, spreading my fingers outward-unpainted manicured nails, a white-gold ring on my pinky finger with a three-carat diamond, another one-silver with a black onyx stone-on my right thumb. I slide the ring off the right pinky finger and place it on my left, afterwards holding my hand up in front of me as if to admire it.

Then I turn it around, my palm facing me, so that she can see it, too.

"There's something about a woman's hands that's irresistible to some men," I begin, taunting her in my most controlled tone. "The same kind of men who love the shape of a woman's neck, or the slope of her shoulders, or the daintiness of her wrists. These are the sophisticated men, the kind of men who can offer a woman a more...intelligent relationship." I turn my hand back and forth slowly in front of us, looking at that ring shining on my pinky finger, and the more I talk, the more a sort of darkness begins to shift in her eyes-I'm pulling at straws here, but it seems to be working. "Then there are the breast and ass men. Most of them just horny amateurs who have no sexual control." I glance at her pinky finger again. "You're a beautiful woman," I say. "Nice breasts, nice ass, but that hand of yours really isn't doing you any favors. I hope the one who took your finger got what was coming to them."

Nora slides her hands off the table and rests them in her lap. And although I seem to have pinched a nerve somewhat, her sly smile stays intact.

Maybe vanity is the kink in her armor instead of confidence.

"You're exactly as I've always imagined you'd be," she says, seemingly unscathed. "Young, inexperienced, mouthy, overly confident, quick-tempered, and too far in over your head." She leans forward again, but keeps her hands in her lap; the light beaming from the dome-shaped fixture centered high over the table makes her blonde hair and red lipstick glisten. "But you won't last in this underground world, Sarai Cohen. You think that being a sex slave for nine years, subjected to horrific abuse and death and the darkest side of human nature, makes you fit for a lifestyle of professional killing, suitable to sit at that table among men who are so far out of your league." Her sly smile stretches amid her creamy, but bruised face. "But more than that, you're certainly out of your league when it comes to me. So, if I were you, I'd drop the desperate attempt to trump me at my own game, and play the only pathetic hand you have."

Her words did sting, more than I thought they could, but I don't let it show on my face. At least I hope not.

I smile and enclose my hands on the table again.

I know deep down that I should keep my mouth shut, that I should let her get on with this, but I'm pissed and I can't help it-she has the quick-tempered part right at least.

"Just tell me who it was," I say, spurring her on, "who cut it off. Was it a man? An ex-lover? A husband? No?" I purse my lips. She shifts a little in her chair. "A woman then? Ah, that must be it-you're a lesbian, aren't you?" I grin.

But I think I've lost her now, gone too far off the track because her smile returns, so I go back in the opposite direction.

"Was it your daddy then?" My eyes are alight with excitement, my lips turning up on one side-I've definitely struck a nerve. "It was, wasn't it? Why did your daddy cut off the tip of your finger, Nora?"

Her smile disappears from her face in an instant. Her breathing becomes deeper, exhaling audibly from her flaring nostrils.

"You tell me your secret," I say, "and I'll tell you mine-why did Daddy cut off your poor finger?"

White teeth bared behind red lips come toward me over the table so fast my eyes close and my hands come up instinctively to block myself from the force of the blow. I feel like I'm falling only seconds as my chair goes backward with Nora on top of me, until it hits the hard floor. A flash of light and spots spring before my eyes and pain sears through my skull as my head bounces off the tile.

Victor

Niklas and Dorian run toward the door, intent on rushing to Izabel's aid.

"Stop!" I order them, keeping my eyes on the screen.

"Victor, she might kill her," Dorian says.

"How the fuck did she get the cuffs off her hands?!" Niklas shouts.

Woodard stands off to my left, watching the violent scene unfold on the screen, one arm crossed over his rounded stomach, the other hand dancing on his lips nervously.

"You can't leave her in there," Dorian adds with determination.

Izabel and Nora take turns serving blows. Nora is on top of Izabel, raining her fists down on her head, and while it is rather difficult for me to watch, I know I must let it run its course.

I turn to Niklas and Dorian.

"Izabel can handle herself," I say.

"I'm not so sure," Niklas says, clearly concerned for Izabel. "It took three of us to get a hold on her in the auditorium."

I look right at my brother.

"She'll be fine."

Both of them hesitate before giving in and they walk back over to stand in front of the screens.

"I hope you're right, brother." Niklas crosses his arms.

Keeping my eyes trained on the fight, all I can think is that...I hope I'm right too.

Izabel

The metal chair I had been sitting in is turned over onto its side. I reach out for it blindly with my right hand, struggling to get any part of it into my fingers, and when I finally do, I don't know how but I have enough strength with one hand to raise it high enough off the floor and bash her in the side of the head with it.

Nora falls over sideways and off my waist, covering her head with her hands that somehow are no longer bound by cuffs.

Not wasting even a second, I scramble to my knees and grab the folded chair again with both hands this time and send it crashing down on top of her head again.

Nora manages to roll out of the way just before the chair comes down a third time. It clanks loudly against the floor as I drop it and get to my feet to go after her. She tries to push herself into a stand, but the cuffs and chain binding her at the ankles are still in place, making it difficult for her to move anywhere higher than the floor.

I'm on top of her in a flash, the same way she was on top of me moments ago, with my knees straddling her on both sides.

Grabbing both sides of her head, a bang sounds when I bash the back of her skull against the floor. Once. Twice.

"Ahhhnnn! Bitch!" she screams out, her hands gripping my biceps, digging her fingernails into my flesh and breaking the skin. Her body shifts underneath my weight as she tries to bring her legs up from behind to lock them around me like she did in the auditorium, but she can't get her legs spread far enough because of the chain between her ankles.

I jump off of her, biting harshly on my bottom lip out of rage, my eyes swirling with heat and anger as I lean over her on the floor and grab a fistful of blonde hair, my fingers pressing against the back of her scalp, and I drag her body across the tile floor on her back. Both of her black heels come off, left in a trail behind her.

Before I get her all the way back around to her side of the table, I lose my footing and come crashing down when she grabs my ankle with both hands and pulls back with all of her strength. Blood springs up in my mouth when my face makes contact with the floor.

Suddenly I can't breathe. My eyes roll into the back of my head as she tightens the chain between her ankles about my throat, her legs scissored tightly as she lays across the floor, her body held up on her forearms, all of her power shifted to her feet, locking me in place. My fingers come up quickly as I try desperately to wedge them behind the chains. I feel my whole head becoming hot, bloating stiffly on my neck and turning beet red and purple.

She tightens her ankles even more, rendering me immobile; the smell of her tight leather pants heavy in my nostrils. I want to give up, I feel like it's all I can do. My body begins to betray me as my limbs begin to soften. I gasp for air that just won't come and tears of exhaustion fill the corners of my eyes.

"Out of your league," I hear Nora's voice say amid the vociferous pumping of blood in my head.

Something inside of me snaps, and my eyes spring open wildly in my face. I scream out something I can't even decipher and finally get my fingers between the chain and my throat. I pull it away with everything in me, spurred on by rage and vengeance and the will to live, until I overpower her and set my neck free, slamming her legs down against the floor.

She starts to crawl away on her hands and knees in the direction of my overturned chair.

I leap to my feet, pulling Pearl from my boot before I'm fully upright, and I'm standing over her with the blade against her throat and the back of her hair in my fist, pulling her neck back as far as it'll go without snapping.

"I'll cut off more than your finger, bitch!"

She freezes. Her hips and pelvis and legs are pressed against the floor, the whites of her eyes visible to me as I stand over her from behind.

"Where is Dina?!" I yank on her scalp, pulling her neck back even farther; if she even flinches the wrong way the blade will break the skin and she knows it. "Fuck these games of yours! Tell me where you took her!"

"Come closer and I'll tell you," she says with difficulty, her voice strained.

Without even thinking about it I do, but I keep the blade against her throat as I sit down on her back.

"Try anything and I'll kill you," I growl, my lips next to her ear.

She doesn't try to fight back, but I'm not feeling defeat from her. It's something else. That confidence about her that I've grown to despise. Even though I'm the one sitting on top of her, the one with the knife pressed to her throat, I can't help feel like she's still the one in control.

"Where is she?" I whisper harshly against the side of her face.

"Nine years as a sex slave in a Mexican compound," she whispers back. "Something tells me they didn't care much for condoms. Did they, Sarai?"

My entire body, every bone, every muscle, solidifies in an instant.

"If you want Dina Gregory to live," she says, still in a whisper too low for the audio to pick up, "then you and I need to have a talk about the specifics of the relationship you had with Javier Ruiz."

It feels like an eternity that I sit on top of her, straddling her back, lost in some kind of stunned submission. I can't find words. Or my heartbeat. And my mind is running away from me.

Then my knife hand begins to tremble and my breathing becomes unsteady.

I slide the knife away from her throat, push her head down forcibly against the tile with the other hand, shoving myself angrily to my feet and off of her. I don't look at her when she gets up, struggling into a stand with her ankles bound. And I look only at the floor when she shuffles right past me, picking up her black heels along the way, and goes back over to her seat on the other side of the table.

I keep my back to her, unable to move; my eyes beginning to burn from the angry tears pushing their way to the surface. My knife is gripped within my hand firmly, resting down at my side. I feel like using it on myself.

"Shall we begin?" Nora says as calmly as ever, waiting for me at the table. "I'm eager to hear all about your time in Mexico." She says it in a more audible voice, glancing at a camera.

Raising my head slowly, I look up toward the tiny hidden camera fixed in the vent near the ceiling to my right. I look right at Victor, or at least I hope he realizes that's what I'm doing, my eyes filled with regret and shame and...sorrow.

A tear tumbles down one cheek, but I don't have the energy to wipe it away.

My eyes fall away from the camera and look at the floor instead.

Victor

"Turn off the audio," I instruct Dorian.

Niklas argues, "Wait, we need to leave it on in case-"

"I said turn it off."

For the first time since I entered this room, I feel the need to sit down.

"Victor, this is a mistake," Niklas says. "Anything Nora says could be of use."

"I am aware, Niklas."

The audio goes dead as Dorian switches it off at the table to my right.

I keep my eyes on the screen. A hidden hatred for Nora begins to make itself known inside of me, seething beneath the surface and growing darker the more she hurts Izabel.

"Victor-"

"Izabel suffered enough," I cut him off with acid in my voice. I turn only my head to look at my brother. "You have no idea what she went through in Mexico, Niklas-none of us really do. This woman may be forcing her to tell her things I'm sure Izabel wants no one to know, least of all us, or me. But we're not going to listen in on her confession. Whatever it is, it's her secret. Her business. And when she's ready to tell you or me or anyone else, only then will we hear it."

Niklas relents easily.

Nodding he says, "No, you're right. Besides, if Nora says anything that Izabel thinks we can use, she'll let us know."

I nod and turn back to the screen.

A chip bag rattles behind me in the vicinity of Woodard.

Aggravated by it, I say, "Leave us and see if you've gotten anything on this woman's blood or fingerprints. I want to know who she is before this night is over."

"Yes, sir," Woodard says and leaves the room hurriedly.

I stare at the screen, at Izabel's auburn hair disheveled about her shoulders; the pain in her green eyes, and all I can do is watch as she is forced to relive something she has only ever wanted to forget.

6

Izabel

Absently I reach up a hand and wipe blood from the corner of my mouth, and then tongue the swollen tissue on the inside where my teeth broke the flesh.

"Sit down, Sarai," Nora says.

"My name is Izabel."

"Your new name is Izabel," she says, surprisingly with a little less mockery, "but you can't bury who you used to be no matter how hard you try. None of us ever can."

I sheathe my knife and sit-might as well stop fighting the inevitable.

I don't look at her.

"What the fuck do you want to know...exactly?" I ask icily.

"You already know the answer to that."

I raise my head and look at her with cold, hooded eyes.

"I'm still going to need you to elaborate," I say. "I did a lot of things I'm not proud of. And I'm only willing to tell the one you're here for, so how about you help me out a little so we can get this over with."

I still don't want to believe that she really knows anything; maybe if I continue to probe her for clues she'll eventually trip herself up. But deep down I feel like she knows far more than I want her to know. And I can't risk Dina's life.

Nora spears her fingers through the top of her hair, pushing the fallen strands away from her face. Another bruise accompanied by a lump is forming on her cheekbone. A tiny vertical sliver of blood is evident in the very center of her plump bottom lip; lipstick is smeared across her mouth again. She reaches up a hand and wipes it all away, leaving her lips pinkish and slightly swollen.

I don't even bother asking about the handcuffs. If she got out of them once she can probably get out of them again. Whoever comes into this room next will have the job of detaining her.

"You were a sex slave to a Mexican drug lord," she begins, "for most of your teenage and young adult life. A sex slave, Izabel. Tell me...how many did you have?"

I look up, meeting her brown eyes. Again, there's no mockery, just a serious, determined face looking back at me as if I were being punished, forced to tell the truth to lessen my sentence.

I swallow and choke a little, looking down at my hands on the table.

And then I confess my darkest secret.

Mexico - About seven years ago...

My head throbbed beneath my fingertips as I lay on my side against the wood floor. My mouth was filled with blood; I began to choke on the metallic taste. Tears streamed from my eyes, sobs rattled my body, sobs that would go unheard while Izel, Javier's wicked sister, was the only one in the room with me.

"Get up you stupid fucking puta! Levantate!"

She came at me again, dressed in a short, tight black skirt that left nothing between her legs to the imagination when she crouched over me barefooted. Long, black hair draped her bare shoulders; her chest was covered by a spaghetti-strap red tank-top, her large breasts practically spilling out over the tight fabric.

She wrenched her hand in the top of my hair.

"Please, Izel! Please don't hit me! I-I didn't take it! I swear!" I tried to cover my face with my hands, but she slapped them away.

"Open your eyes!"

Trembling all over, I opened my eyes.

She spit in my face and slammed my head against the floor.

I felt the wind shift as she rose into a standing position above me. I was afraid to look up at her. I shook all over and stank of urine and sweat and filth. I wore a long blue dress, a hideous thing it was, something that had been made for an old lady. But the smooth, thin material was cool on my skin in the brutal summer heat and I cherished it very much.

"One of you little bitches," she spat in Spanish, "took my fucking makeup bag! I want it back! And you're going to tell me who has it!"

"I don't know!" I screamed, curled on my side in the fetal position. And it was the truth-I had no idea who took it. But it wasn't unusual for Izel to say that things had been stolen just so she had an excuse to beat on me. She hated me. Hated me more than she hated anything or anyone, I was a stupid, white, American whore...a puta. "Una estupida, blanca puta Americana!" And she was jealous that Javier protected me the way he did.

"You lie!"

"I'm telling the truth!" I sobbed uncontrollably into my hands.

An agonizing pain seared through my body as her foot thrust into my rounded belly and I lost my breath in one sharp gasp.

"Ahhhiiieee!" I cried out in pain when my breath came back. My legs came up into the fetal position again, my hands gripped my stomach as I tried to cover myself, to shield my belly from anymore blows. Vomit came up in my mouth and I couldn't hold it down. Lying on my side, I expelled as much as I could onto the floor, vomit pooling around my cheek. I gasped and cried and choked, my eyes shut tight as I lay there hoping it would all just go away.

The sound of the door slamming into the wall was loud and frightening. The rumble of heavy boots thundering across the wood beneath me shook me to my bitter core.

"No, no, no! Javier, yo no fui!" Izel pleaded, futilely trying to defend herself.

I opened my eyes to see Izel's throat caught in Javier's iron hand, her little caramel-colored feet lifted from the floor.

"YOU NEVER TOUCH HER!" Javier roared in Spanish, his face merely an inch from hers as she choked in his grasp. "I WILL FUCKING KILL YOU, IZEL!"

Javier slammed her writhing body so hard against the wall that the large mirror several feet away cracked in three places, fell from the plastic hooks and shattered across the floor in a thousand pieces. When the glint of reflective shards rose up in my vision I covered my eyes and head again with my hands to protect myself.

Izel screamed then as if someone were cutting off her hand. I watched in horror-and sickening relief-as Javier's fist came down again and again on his sister's face until he knocked her unconscious and blood covered everything that made her recognizable.

He let her limp body drop against the floor and he came over to me, scooping me up into his big arms.

"Deal with Izel!" he growled to the men standing out in the hall as he carried me out.

The men hurried inside the room.

I only ever felt safe in Javier's arms. I hated it whenever he left me there, in the compound, surrounded by dozens of sexually hungry men who carried guns on their backs and evil in their hearts. And Izel, who every day wished I was dead.

Javier carried me out of the flat-roofed building where many of the girls were kept, and he took me to the house I stayed in with him all the time that he was there, the house I was supposed to be left alone to live in even when he was gone, and not put with the other girls where conditions would be considered deplorable. Because this house was my home. It was my home with Javier.

I didn't choose it. I didn't live with him willingly. But over time, I grew to accept it.

I didn't speak when he carried me inside. I just cried, my face pressed into the fabric of his shirt, the little black buttons that held it closed over his massive chest making indentions on my cheekbone. I grasped the collar of his shirt with my fingers tighter when pain shot through my lower back.

"How long has she done this to you, Sarai?" he asked as he carried me into the bathroom.

Carefully, he stood me up, placing my bare feet gently against the wood floor, and he slipped the gown over my head.

"You stink of filth," he said, not with reprimand, but with anger towards Izel for allowing me to get this way. "Look at you-how long?" His giant hands collapsed about my flimsy biceps and he looked down into my dirt and tear-streaked face with his dark brown eyes. "Tell me, Sarai. Don't lie to me."

I said nothing. I just continued to cry, lowering my head to look at the floor. Droplets of blood fell from my lips and dotted the floor around my feet. My whole head throbbed and my gums were sore and I feared my front teeth were loose.

The faucet squeaked noisily as he turned the water on in the bath. Water gushed from the opening as Javier bent his 6'2 height over the tub and plugged the bottom with a wash cloth.

He helped me into the tub; in addition to the pain inflicted by Izel, my large belly made it difficult to do on my own.

"Lay back, mi amor," he said and positioned a hand at the back of my neck to help me.

Still, I said nothing. I let my head fall to one side and I stared off at the wall, covered by dingy green wallpaper peeling away in spots, while Javier washed me with the utmost care. He was always careful with me when I was sick or hurt or pregnant. Even refrained from rough sex with me in these times, settling for safer, more tender moments. But he was always in control of me. Always.

He shut the water off.

Another shot of pain raced through my back and around my front, digging into my lower belly. One of my hands came up out of the water and grasped the side of the tub. Javier let the wash cloth fall into the water between my legs and he held me by the arm. His dark eyes bore into mine with concern as he looked to and from me and my stomach, knowing something was wrong.

"I'm OK," I told him and laid my head down on his arm, just below where he'd rolled up his black sleeve so he could bathe me.

Reluctantly, he took the wash cloth back up and began to clean away the weeks' worth of dirt from my legs. He wasn't supposed to be back for a few more days. Returning this early, and unexpectedly, didn't give Izel enough time to get me cleaned up and back to the way he left me. She never would have beat me that close to when he would return. She'd always make sure the evidence had faded, or go over with me any one of a hundred lies we'd told him over the few years I had been in the compound. Izel knew I wouldn't tell Javier what she did to me.

"Sarai?" he said in a comforting, deep voice.

Water steadily trickled into the tub from the cloth.

I looked at him.

"You're protecting them," he said in Spanish and then continued in broken English-he always resorted to English when he felt guilty or sympathetic. "I know it's so you protect Izel. But no nothing you can do for these girls. They will be sold. You never see them again. And they no care about you. They do what they have to to live. Too easily broken. Do you see what I say to you?" The warmth of the wet cloth went carefully over my mouth and cheek, and then he wiped my forehead, stopped and looked down into my eyes.

"Tell me," he went on in English, "how long Izel do this to you?"

I shook my head in a nervous motion; tears began to fill my eyes again. I didn't want to tell him. I couldn't because if I ever ratted her out, the things that Javier would do to her would be worse than death, and then she would take it out on the other girls. Javier didn't protect the other girls like he protected me. Most of them were fair game. But the most beautiful ones, those destined to be sold to the highest bidders, not even Izel would hurt or disfigure because she shared the profits they brought. But the other girls, the ones that no one had bought, those who had physical flaws or who wouldn't succumb to their new roles as slaves, they were fair game. And Izel was a dirty player.

More pain racked my body, this time causing my neck to come off the back of the tub and my arms to collapse around my belly. My eyes clenched shut, my teeth bared, and I cried out in agony, still tasting blood in the back of my throat from the earlier beating.

Javier rose into a standing position immediately and went over to the door, swinging it open and calling out in Spanish to his men on guard, "Get the doctor! Apurate!"

I doubled over, my upper-body lifting out of the water, my arms gripping my stomach. I screamed out in the small space. "Javier! It hurts bad! Javi-."

Minutes later that felt like hours and I was being whisked out of the bathroom and into our bedroom. Javier laid me down upon our bed. Five women entered the room-the same ones who delivered my stillborn thirteen months previously-with clean towels and water and other sterilized supplies.

Javier moved away from the bed and went toward the door.

I reached out my hands to him. "Javier, please...don't leave me here alone." Tears streamed down my cheeks, tears not so much from the physical pain now as it was from the emotional pain of knowing he was going to leave. "Please..."

He looked across the room at me through brown, almost black pools; flashes of his dark brown hair and handsome, roughly chiseled face moving in and out of my vision as people moved about the room, preparing in a hurried fashion to deliver my baby. Javier's baby.

And then he was gone.

I stared at that door-angry and sad and lonely-for as long as I could, until another contraction came and forced me to focus only on the pain killing me from the inside out.

A half hour later, I gave birth, but to a boy or a girl, I didn't know.

I reached out my hands for it after they'd cleaned it up and wrapped it in a blanket. Its tiny cries filled the room and my ears and my heart. The nurse just looked at me with my baby in her arms, her brown, weathered face framed by black curly hair and black eyes, held absolutely no emotion.

"Por favor...let me have my baby."

The woman turned her back to me and carried it away while the doctor went to stitching me up.

"Javier!" I cried out. I screamed his name so loudly, over and over until I was hoarse. "Javier! Por favor! Por favor!" Tears barreled from my eyes. "Mi bebe...," I cried out softly just before I passed out from exhaustion.

Nora looks at me from across the table, her caramel-brown eyes seeming full of something I never quite expected-sadness and shock, maybe.

I feel so ashamed that I can't even look at the hidden camera in the vent. My stomach twists with worry and guilt, only able to wonder what Victor must be thinking of me right now.

Nora says in a soft, intent voice, "That must've been very hard for you."

I don't grace her with an answer. I hate the bitch for forcing me to experience it all over again.

"How many?" Nora asks quietly.

Reluctantly, I answer.

"That was the only one that ever lived," I say. "I miscarried one and, like I already told you, had a stillborn."

"But you were with him for so long."

"Yeah," I snap. "I was. So what."

Nora struggles to find the right words to form her questions.

"What did you do the rest of the time?" she asks.

I sneer at her coldly, just wishing she'd drop these fucking questions and let my turn be over.

"And why wouldn't he let you keep the baby? His baby?" She appears mortified underneath that creamy skin, but is trying to maintain her dominant place between us by not showing too much emotion.

My only question is why does she seem to care at all?

"Javier didn't want children running around the compound," I say. "Many of the girls got pregnant while they were there. The babies were sold, just like the girls were, though to families with money who couldn't have children of their own and didn't want to go through the years of waiting for their chance to adopt." I look off toward the wall, remembering that day I saw my baby being taken out of that room. "Javier said that in our way of life there was no room for children. Not even his own. I wanted to believe that he made sure our baby was sold to a loving family, the best family, but in my heart and because he was as much a cruel man as he was loving at times toward me, I could never convince myself of that. After that birth, I told him no more. I slapped him even. I screamed in his face and I didn't care what he'd do to me as punishment. But I wasn't having anymore."

I stop, my gaze hard and focused, recalling that day.

"What did he do as punishment?"

I look back at Nora, moving only my eyes.

"Nothing," I say. "At one time Javier loved me. He would never hurt me. This was during that time. Instead, he sent me to a good doctor and I got on birth control pills and he made certain that I was never without them. He never wore condoms, but he started pulling out of me. Not always, but sometimes. I was lucky never to get pregnant again. But the other girls, they continued to give birth. Baby factories."

"Were they Javier's babies?"

I shake my head. "No-at least I don't think so. The girls were often raped by Javier's guards; some had sex with them willingly. I started secretly giving some of the girls, a few who were closest to me, my birth control pills. I had so many of them that I could spare to help a few for a while. Until Izel figured out what I was doing and she started stealing my pills, leaving just enough for me to get through every month, and there was nothing I could do."

"What happened to Izel?"

The images of my dark past disappear from my mind and I look back at Nora.

"I've told you want you wanted to hear," I say with venom in my voice. "What are you now, my goddamn shrink?"

She shakes her head and leans away from the table, dropping her unbound hands in her lap.

The legs of my chair screech across the floor as I get up, pushing it back behind me angrily.

"I think we're done here," I say, snarling down at her. I press my palms flat against the table and lean toward her with a threatening glare. "Dina better be safe when this is all over, or you can bet your ass I'll do the things to you that Javier did to Izel later that day after he found her beating me. And then you'll want me to kill you."

My hands slide away from the table as I raise upright and go to walk away. Nora remains seated. When I get closer to the door, only then do I will myself to look up at the nearby hidden camera, indicating that they can unlock it now from the surveillance room. I lower my eyes quickly once I hear the lock clicking inside the steel.

"Izabel," Nora calls out.

I stop and turn to look at her.

"If it means anything, I really am sorry for having to make you relive that."

"It doesn't," I reject her apology.

Then I open the door, the smell of bleach and lemon cleaner from a recently mopped floor, rises up into my nose.

"The answer to your question," Nora calls out before I step into the hallway, "is yes. My father cut off the tip of my finger."

After a short pause, I leave her there without another word, and close the door behind me.

7

Victor

I go out to meet Izabel in the hallway as she makes her way back; listening to the sound of her boots tapping against the floor as she gets closer. She rounds the corner at the end of the hall, but she will not look up at me although I know she is aware of my presence. Her long auburn hair is disheveled from the fight, pushed away from her elegant shoulders and laying against her back. There's a cut on her left leg, just above the top of her boot, and red streaks that might be leftover from Nora's fingernails, running along her bare thighs. But no matter what Nora did to her physically, I know just by looking at her that what she did to her emotionally was far worse.

I have more than an urge to go into that room and kill that woman myself, but for Izabel's sake, for the life of Dina Gregory, I cannot.

"Izabel," I say when she steps up to me, but she looks into my eyes and steals the rest of my words away.

"I'm sorry, Victor." She starts to walk past me, away from the door to the surveillance room.

I reach out carefully and hook my hand about her elbow.

"I turned off the audio," I say. "No one heard what you confessed other than Nora."

It takes her a moment, but finally she turns to look at me, something indecipherable at rest in her bright green eyes. It is not relief, as I would expect, but something else-regret, perhaps?

Moving around to stand in front of her, I reach my hand up and rest it against the side of her face. She closes her eyes momentarily as if she finds comfort in the gesture, her long dark lashes sweeping her face.

"You didn't hear anything?" she asks with faint disbelief.

I shake my head. "No," I say and fit both of my hands about her elbows. "I ordered the audio turned off the moment I saw that she had you where she wanted you. You were smart when you went in there, Izabel; you did well at turning the tables on her. It may not have produced the results you hoped for, but you did well."

Izabel looks behind me at the wall for a moment, and then says, "I'm surprised you didn't rush in there when she attacked me," but I get the feeling it had been something else entirely she had wanted to say.

I smile lightly and run my hands up and down the backs of her arms.

"No, you were right before," I say, "about taking care of yourself"-I laugh under my breath-"Dorian and Niklas, however, were ready to go in there and rescue you."

She looks up at me, her eyebrows crumpling in her forehead.

"Niklas was going to rescue me?" She scoffs. "I'm sure that was just for show."

"I don't think so," I tell her, but drop that subject because it's not the important one.

Stepping up and pulling her closer, I press my lips to her forehead. "Whatever you told her in there," I say, going back, "you don't have to tell me, or anyone else until you're ready. And if you're never ready, I can accept that, too. The past can remain in the past."

Her gaze strays toward the floor.

"Sometimes it can't," she says more to herself than to me.

Her eyes meet mine again and the moment shifts.

"But I did get something out of her," she says. "No idea if she was telling the truth about it, but if I go by my instincts, I'd say she was."

James Woodard appears at the end of the hall suddenly, walking toward us with a sheet of paper clasped in his hand. I hope it is promising news.

"What did she tell you?" I ask, turning back to Izabel.

The surveillance room door opens then and Niklas appears in the doorway.

"She's talkin' shit in there now," he announces, jerking his head to one side to indicate Nora on the screens. "More demands. I say we just go in there and put a bullet in that pretty head of hers. Or better yet, take out her kneecaps first."

Niklas glances at Izabel, making note of her state of being, but he refrains from being himself toward her, further proving to me that he cares for her more than he's letting on.

I look to Woodard.

He shakes his head. "Nothin'," he says, holding up the printout and I take it into my hand peering down into the text. "There are no records. No fingerprint match-the blood results we won't know until tomorrow. I ran her first name and description through my databases and the only thing that came up even remotely resembling her was a woman out of Tallahassee. Twenty-six. Nora Anders. And a few others, but none of them were her. I mean we didn't really expect her to give us her real name."

"So we're pretty much still on level one," Dorian says, "while she's on level ten and knows more about us than we know about each other. I hate to say it, but that's a little disturbing considering our profession. How can this one woman know so much about us, when Vonnegut, who runs the largest and most sophisticated assassination and spy organization in the world, can't even find us hiding in plain sight in Boston?"

"There are one of two answers to that question," I say. "Either she's not just 'one woman' and is part of an organization herself, or she's just really good and is playing us like chess pieces."

I am usually good at figuring a person out. It has been my job since I was first initiated into The Order as a boy to know my enemy inside and out before they know I even exist. My gut tells me that this woman is not part of any organizations-at least not anymore. Her skill indicates that she may have been at one time, but this game she is playing is personal rather than professional.

If Izabel were not involved, things would be going much differently for this 'Nora' than they are. I'm only going along with it for Izabel. I don't like it, but it is what it is. I'll play her game for now, but not forever.

Izabel walks past me and Niklas and goes into the room. Woodard and I follow.

"Well, we may not know who she is or anything about her," Izabel says, crossing her arms and looking into the large screen, "but she did tell me that her father was the one who cut off the tip of her pinky finger."

Nora is sitting in the same spot, now with her feet propped on the table, crossed at the ankles, her black heels swaying side to side, her long legs like landing strips stretched out before her dressed in black leather.

"It's not much, but it's something," Izabel adds.

"So she has daddy issues," Dorian chimes in, sitting in front of the screens with a boot on the table. A paper cup of coffee sits to his left; steam rises from the opening.

"Maybe she's one of your daughters, Woodard," Niklas says with laughter in his voice. Then he taps Woodard on the arm with the back of his hand, a smile slipping across his unshaven face. "Damn, I didn't know you were such a ladies' man."

Woodard starts to smile, always seeking acceptance from the rest of us, but it turns to a look of shame instead. He shakes his head and sits down in a chair in front of the screens.

"Well, I was thinking the same thing by the time I left that room," Woodard says. "So, I sent my blood sample along with hers down with Carter. If she's related to me, we'll know in twenty-four hours."

"That's cutting it close," Dorian says. "She gave us forty-eight hours to figure this out." His blond head snaps around and looks up at me from the chair. "Tessa will not die."

I nod, but say nothing in response.

"I think we should all compare blood samples with hers," Woodard says.

"Fine by me," Niklas says with a shrug. "I know for a fact I don't have any damn kids. Besides, even if I could have kids, she can't be older than twenty-four, twenty-five? Can't be mine. I would've had to been banging her mother at, what-thirteen?"

"You weren't having sex at thirteen?" Woodard asks.

Niklas' eyebrows draw together. "Actually no," he says matter-of-factly. "I was too busy being beat to near death by my father and The Order while I was being trained."

Silence falls over the room for a brief moment.

Then Niklas laughs and says to Woodard, "So you were getting laid at thirteen? What the hell happened to you?" He laughs and looks Woodard's large size and balding head over with amusement.

"Age happened to me."

Their lack of focus on the current situation is vexing.

"Look," I speak out, "if she's not Woodard's daughter, she could be someone's sister. Let's just see what the blood says. No sense in speculating."

Dorian nods at me privately, thanking me for furthering it along, and he turns back to the screens.

"There was something else," Izabel speaks up. "When I told her what she wanted to know, she seemed..." she pauses, searching for the right word, "I don't know it just seemed like she felt bad. But I know it's bullshit."

"Yeah, it's bullshit all right," Niklas says, "just like I said. We may not know anything about her except that she's gorgeous and fuckable, has a dangerous right-hook and a mouth worse than Izzy's, but don't let the bitch get under your skin." He glances at Woodard and then Izabel with accusation. "Both of you gave up your secrets too easily, if you want to know my opinion."

"No one asked for it," Izabel says sourly.

"Hey, she knew about my affairs," Woodard says defensively.

"Actually, she didn't know anything until you told her," Niklas says. "You were spilling your guts within five minutes of being alone with her."

"H-Hey, I-I was just doing what she wanted. My daughters' lives are at stake. Didn't see any r-reason t-to drag it out."

"You still caved too fast," Niklas says and looks at the screens. "A thousand dollars she doesn't know anything. She's a con artist."

"Actually, Niklas," Izabel says, turning her head at an angle and looking up at him, "she knows a lot."

I listen quietly, watching the pain creep back up into Izabel's features as she recalls her moment with Nora. I want to know what she told her, what this secret is about the woman I love that's so terrible she has to keep it from me.

"I went in that room with the same suspicions as you, Niklas," she goes on. "I wasn't about to tell her anything until she could prove she had anything on me at all. If she couldn't, I was just going to make something up. Play her at her own game. I'm a good enough actress, I could've pulled it off. Turned on the waterworks and made her believe that the 'deep dark' secret I was confessing was real." She pauses and looks back at Nora in the screen. Her shoulders rise and fall with a troubled breath. "But she knew. She knew..."

The room falls silent again.

Finally, Niklas puts up his hands, surrendering, and says, "I'm going in next then. Because I still call bullshit. And if not, if she really is the real deal, then we better make damn sure she doesn't get out of this building alive."

Quietly, I agree.

He pops a cigarette between his lips and walks toward the exit. "But she won't get anything out of me because there's nothing to get. So this should be interesting."

Yes. This should be interesting.

The door opens, flooding the dimly-lit surveillance room with bright light from the hallway.

"And leave the audio on," Niklas says with the unlit cigarette dangling from his lips. "I got nothing to hide. Like some of us." The bright light blinks out and bathes us in the glow from the screens again when the door closes behind him.

Izabel's eyes skirt mine, stung by the meaning behind my brother's words, and then she nervously turns back to the screen.

8

Niklas

My cigarette is lit by the time I go into the room with Nora, whoever the fuck she is-right now she's just a pretty piece of ass with a death wish.

The sound of my boots tapping across the tile is the only sound as I make my way toward her, but that self-possessed smile she wears is louder. Silky blonde hair rests about her shoulders, tumbling down the little crevices between her arms and her breasts, which are nice to look at, I admit. She wears a see-through black silk blouse, long-sleeved, with a black bra on display underneath, busting with...I don't know, large C's surely. I don't give a shit what Izabel said about men and what they like about a woman and what it says about them-I don't have a preference; I like everything, so I can only imagine what that must say about me.

Smoke streams from my lips as I sit down in the empty chair across from her. I hunch over forward with my legs apart, propping my elbows on the tops of my thighs just above my knees. Cigarette ashes tumble onto the floor as I realize there's no ashtray in the room.

Nora smiles, and although her deep red lipstick has been wiped away, her plump lips are still red and I can picture them wrapped around my cock quite nicely.

I smile back with that thought and raise the filter to my lips once more.

"I thought for sure Dorian Flynn would be next," she says as she quietly looks me over. "Since I have his ex-wife and all."

"I insisted."

"That surprises me," she says.

I take another drag and then lean back in the chair, slouching against it. I cross my arms over my chest, the cigarette still burning between my fingers situated over my left bicep.

"And why's that?" I ask, but really I don't care.

Nora gets up on tall, leather-covered legs and black-heeled shoes and begins to walk back and forth slowly behind her chair. Her ass is round and perfect in those tight pants, and it takes me a second to shake off the distraction and realize that her ankles are no longer bound.

"The better question would be what'd you use to get the cuffs unlocked? Got a key hidden away inside of you somewhere?"-I take another quick puff-"I could do a cavity search. Right here right now with everybody watching."

She smiles faintly and looks off at the wall for a moment.

"And you'd probably enjoy it," she says, "wouldn't you?" Her eyes fall on mine, laced with implication.

"Yeah, I'm not gonna lie, I'd like the hell out of it." I take one last pull and hold the smoke deep in my lungs, and add with a strained voice, "but don't mistake that for some dewy-eyed fucker easily falling for your shit. I could fuck you all day long and still chain you back up in this room and let you rot." I put the cigarette out on the sole of my boot and toss the butt on the floor. "Now sit your little ass down before I put you down." My gun, pulled from the back of my pants, is trained on her.

The smile in her eyes fades just a little bit, enough for me to know that I pissed her off. But she sits down anyway, crossing one long leg over the other, stretching the black leather even tighter over her thighs. She crosses her arms and rests her back against the chair, tilting her head gently to one side. The skin underneath her left eye is puffy and discolored. There's a small cut across her neck just above her shoulder-blade. She has a couple of scars I didn't notice before-one on her chin, one across her throat-but the missing tip of her pinky finger is what I can't help but look at. It's probably always the one thing about her that anybody looks at when they're not looking at her ass or her legs or her tits.

"Don't start in on the finger," she says, noticing. "Izabel beat you to the punch on that one and it's an old subject."

I grin and say, "Or, it's a touchy subject."

Nora folds her hands together on top of the table and leans forward. "Time is running out, Niklas," she says, dropping the suggestive smiles and the playful attitude and getting down to business. "So how about we get to your confession?"

I smile lightly, shaking my head. "Well sure, that's what I came here for," I answer, my voice tinged with sarcasm. "But mostly I'm eager to see how you plan to make me confess something that doesn't exist. You see, I'm not like Woodard, who blows his load the second the panties drop. Or Izabel, who still has a lot to learn-"

"Is that what you think of her?" Nora says with a hint of accusation. "That she's just a little girl, trying to make a name for herself in this deadly underground world that she just"-her eyes harden with emphasis-"Doesn't. Quite. Belong in."

She smiles and holds up a slender finger.

"Or, is there something more going on?"

I laugh. "Let me stop you right there," I say, pointing at her. "If you're getting around to accusing me of being in love with my brother's woman or some dumb shit like that, then you're gonna be very disappointed." I shake my head at the absurdness of it.

Nora just sits there, smiling at me, and it makes me uncomfortable as much as it irritates the shit out of me.

"No, of course not," she finally says, also with sarcasm. "I'm not implying that at all. You shot her once. You despise her, right?" There's challenge in her question. "And for what?"

"I don't know," I say, growing more irritated the more she talks. "You're supposed to be the one who knows everything; why don't you fucking tell me?"

"Jealousy," she says, "or perhaps the more suitable word would be heartbreak."

I feel my eyebrows crumpling in my forehead. I reach up absently and scratch the stubble of my face.

"What the fuck are you talking about?" Truly, I have no fucking idea.

Nora's eyes soften on me for a moment, causing further confusion.

"You're jealous of your brother because he has something that you don't"-I grit my teeth behind closed lips-"because he has something you once had. And it still kills you to think about her to this day."

I round my chin, my breathing getting thicker. "You're pushing the wrong buttons, bitch."

"Oh, I know," she says matter-of-factly and unafraid, "but then that's the whole point, isn't it?"

Both of my hands come down on the table, a loud bang resonating within the room.

"Why don't you just get to the point," I rip out the words, grinding my jaw. "In fact, let me spell this out for you-I'm not going to willingly start talking about shit in my past; I don't care about your threats. And I still have no secrets. Shit I don't like to talk about-yeah, we all have that-but secrets, something I'm supposed to be ashamed of or embarrassed by; there's nothing."

"This isn't all about shame or embarrassment or guilt, Niklas, this is also about pain."

Suddenly, Nora is no longer the conniving blonde bitch sitting across the table from me; something shifts in her eyes and I can't help but feel like she's trying to be...consoling.

But I don't fall for it.

I get up, pushing the chair back a little across the floor, and I begin to pace. My anger turns to soft laughter.

"You're a good manipulator," I say, smiling, "I'll give you that, but I'm the wrong man to be trying that skill out on."

"You loved her so much," she says, ignoring me. "A man who-as astonishing as it is-had a harder time falling in love than even Fredrik Gustavsson. Fredrik, no he sought love all his life. He wanted it because he was alone in his own dark and brutal world, and had always been-that man needs love to survive." She stands up and begins to walk toward me slowly. "But you, Niklas, you never wanted any part of it. You stayed away from it at all costs, didn't you?"

"Are you asking?" I say, my angry eyes following her every move. "Is this where you fish for information to use against me, pretending to know, but really not knowing for sure?"

"Say what you want," she goes on, "but it's the truth and you're not denying it."

Maybe I should've denied it straightaway, because now-fuck; she knows what she's doing.

"Sit down," I tell her, pointing my gun at her again.

"Oh, Niklas," she says with a sigh. "I can tell you're not going to be as easy to convince."

I step toward her, the gun pointed at her head, but she stands her ground. I swallow down an angry knot, but three more replace it.

"Sit. The fuck. Down." I press the barrel of my gun against her forehead, pushing her backward toward the table. Her ass presses against the edge of the metal and she can go no farther. Consumed by anger, I close the space between us and press my body against hers, moving the barrel of the gun underneath her chin, shoving her neck back.

"You won't shoot me," she says and I can feel her breath on my face. "And you will tell me what I want to hear before you leave this room."

I shove the gun deeper into her throat, forcing her head back farther. My blood is on fire, pumping through my veins like acid. My teeth hurt; I've been grinding them for the past several intense minutes.

I cock the gun, my finger on the trigger.

"Dina Gregory will die if you don't cooperate."

"I don't give a shit-"

"Yes you do," she says, cutting me off. "You give a shit because you do care about Izabel. And because you care about your brother, despite him being with the woman he loves and you're left with nothing."

"Who are you, really?" I ask, glaring into her seemingly unruffled features.

"Don't change the subject."

My hands come up and brace her shoulders, shoving her away from the table and pushing her violently against the nearest wall. Her blonde hair falls down around her face. She surrenders to me, raising both arms out beside her, pressed against the painted brick. Her eyes search mine in close proximity, and mine search hers; a strange feeling of familiarity in them.

I shake it off and think of Izabel for a moment, and then the act I've been putting on since she officially became a part of our organization fades away and leaves me standing in a puddle of truth.

"So what if I care," I say icily, my face mere centimeters from hers. "She's grown on me; what can I say? She fuckin' hates me because I tried to kill her, but I can't really blame her for that, can I?" I pause, inhaling her natural scent, not because I want her, but because we're all fucking animals inside and-OK, I want her, just to prove that she's not the one in control here. I want to fuck her and then I want to leave her, naked, and bent over the table, just for being such a bitch.

"What do you want to know?" I ask, and then I shove her and step away. I hear the back of her head gently hit the wall. "This is stupid. I have no secrets, just like I said. But whatever you're wanting me to 'confess', just fucking say it. Can't force me to confess something I have no idea what it is."

"I want you to look up at that camera," Nora says in a gentle, intent voice, "and tell them how much Claire meant to you." My whole body stiffens hearing Claire's name come out of Nora's mouth. "Tell them about the day you lost her. And I want to hear the words from your heart, not just your lips. Set the stubborn, loveless asshole aside for a moment to tell them about Claire. The real Niklas Fleischer is your confession."

Her throat is in my hand before I know what I'm doing; my gun disappears behind the waist of my pants. Flooded by rage, I lift Nora from her feet and carry her the short distance back to the table, slamming her back against it.

"I'll fucking kill you!" I roar down into her face, my hand collapsed around her throat.

"Do it!" she challenges; struggling to find all of her voice. "Kill me! Do it, Niklas! DO IT!"

The breath in my lungs is as heavy as cement; my eyes wide and feral as I glare down into her pink and purple-shaded face. Both of her hands struggle to pry my fingers away; her long legs are wrapped around my waist, tightening around me like a boa constrictor, but for nothing. Because I can't be stirred in this moment. She could take my gun from the back of my pants and shove it underneath my chin and I wouldn't give a fuck-I'd choke her to death before she got a shot off.

Finally, just before she loses consciousness, I let go of her throat and yell something indecipherable into the room; every part of me consumed by rage and hatred.

She gasps and chokes, scrambling to fill her lungs with air again, her legs hanging precariously over the side of the table.

I pace the floor, back and forth in an enraged march, my eyes looking downward at the scuffmarks on the tile, up at the bare walls-anything but Nora, or the hidden cameras in the room with eyes on the other side of them looking back at me with their judgments and assumptions.

But the only face I see, the only person I can think about is Claire. I've tried for six years to put her out of my mind; six fucking years, only to have this girl dangle Claire's face, and her death, in front of me, torturing me.

"Niklas," I hear Nora say softly from behind, but the rest of what she might have been about to say fades into the quiet of the room.

I spin around on my heels and march back over to her. She flinches, but just slightly, not enough to make her look afraid. I grab the back of the chair I had been sitting in and slide it out roughly before dropping all of my weight into it.

Nora just looks at me for a moment, still laying partially on the table, but finally her body slides off and she stands upright, adjusting her silk blouse.

I point at her chair.

"Sit."

She does without argument, and it's a good thing because at this point I could go either way at the drop of a hat-tell her about Claire, or blow her brains against the wall.

I pull a pack of cigarettes from my back pocket and toss them on the table.

I don't look directly into any cameras-fuck that-I'm gonna tell her what she wants to know, but I'm doing it my way. If she doesn't like it, she can go fuck herself. And so can Dina Gregory. And Dorian's ex-bitch. And Woodard's daughters. And Izabel. And my brother.

"I was thirty when I met Claire. I was thirty when I fell in love with her. And I was thirty when she was killed..."

Six years ago...

"Claire was an assignment. Not a hit, just an assignment. It wasn't like I had never done these kinds of jobs before: get close to a woman, date her for a while, pretend that I was normal, that I was just like any other man looking to find some nice girl to settle down with. Most of them were hits. Murderous bitches, women who liked to dip their tongues in too much green sugar, who did what they had to do to get their husbands inheritances. Whatever. Back then I never worked in the field like Victor did-I wasn't as skilled as my brother-and I wasn't anyone's liaison, either. I worked on the inside, charming women to get information, and then sometimes, if the job called for it, taking them out afterwards." I pause, letting the truth gut me. And then I say, "But Claire wasn't a target. She was a decoy. My mission was to get to know her, get her to trust me so I could find out about a man named Solis. He had been the target for a year, and the only lead we had on him was Claire. We didn't even know what kind of relationship Solis and Claire had-lovers, partners in crime, brother and sister-anything was possible at that point."

I point sternly at Nora. "But one thing I knew for sure once I got to know her was that Claire was a good woman, and whatever her involvement with Solis, she didn't know shit about his double-life. She wasn't part of it and didn't deserve to be-Claire was bait."

I stop abruptly.

"Go on," Nora tells me. "I want all of the details. I want to know everything."

I sneer and grit my teeth, but I give in.

"I met her at a department store," I say. "She was a cashier. At first I thought it was me charming her, but within a couple weeks I realized it was the other way around-though it wasn't intentional or malicious on her part. Like it was supposed to be on mine. I was crazy about her. It scared the shit out of me, but for the first time in my life I let it. We dated. Like a real couple. Went to the movies and ate popcorn. We had dinner in nice restaurants and went random places together. I did shit with Claire I never could see myself doing. Weird, normal shit. But I liked spending time with her even if I felt like I was turning into goddamned Mr. Smith.

"I moved in with her three months after we met, and although my mission was always looming in the back of my mind and I knew that whatever was happening between us couldn't last, I was falling in love with her. And she was falling in love with me.

"Claire came out of the shower wrapped in a towel, her hair was wet, pinned up at the back of her head. She blushed as I watched her walk half-naked across the room, a crooked smile on my lips as I lay on the bed with my hands fitted behind my head and my feet crossed below.

" 'You're too much,' she said with a smile in her voice, glancing over her bare shoulder, shy about letting the towel drop the rest of the way.

" 'How so?' I asked with a grin. 'Because I like to look at you naked?'

"She blushed again and turned to face the closet, pulling down a blue dress from a hanger.

" 'You shouldn't be afraid to show off what you've got, love,' I told her. 'Especially not in front of me. Go on, drop the towel.' My smile deepened as her blush reddened.

"Claire didn't drop the towel. And I knew she wouldn't. She was self-conscious though she was the most beautiful woman I had ever seen, and I liked to let her know it every second of every day I spent with her.

"The little blue dress fell just above her knees. It drove me crazy. Everything about her drove me crazy.

"As I lay in bed, she walked toward me with a familiar dazed look on her face-and then she hit the floor and seized for several minutes.

"I had gotten used to it after eight months. Claire had seizures at least every other day, sometimes every day. It interfered with her life. She couldn't drive. She couldn't do a lot of things, or rather she was afraid to. When she met me, she started to come out of her shell. I drove us everywhere. And if she had a seizure in public I took care of it."

"How long had she had seizures?" Nora asks.

"Why do you care?"

"It's just a question."

I shrug, making a face as if I don't know, but then answer, "Said she'd had them since she was a little girl."

Nora nods. And I continue.

"But after eight months of being in love and taking care of Claire, it didn't go unnoticed that I wasn't taking care of my mission. Ten months later, I still hadn't found a shred of information on Solis. Claire never spoke his name, not even when I tried to get her to talk about her family, her past lovers, about anyone in her life-she told me a lot, but never mentioned anyone named Solis. I started to think she didn't really know him at all, and that maybe this was all a mistake.

"None of that mattered though.

"All that mattered to The Order was that I was spending too much time with the decoy and not producing any results. Bastards.

"I started to worry that they'd take me out of the mission and send in someone else to get the information. I didn't know what was going to happen, but I knew that I needed to keep Claire safe. And I knew that for both of our sakes, I couldn't give The Order the suspicion that I was in love with her. If Vonnegut ever thought that to be true, he would've had us both killed."

I pause, signing heavily.

"Eleven months after I met Claire, things came to a brutal fucking end.

"It turned out that The Order wasn't the only organization looking for Solis. And I wasn't the only operative who had Claire as an assignment. Somebody else was looking for her too, but to them Claire was more than a decoy. She was a hit."

I stare off at the wall, letting the white brick blur out of focus. I'm reliving it all now for myself, not for Nora. I barely even see Nora in front of me anymore.

"My cell phone chimed next to me on the passenger's seat of my car. I glanced over and saw that it was Claire and answered immediately.

" 'Hey love,' I said into the phone, a smile etched on my face. 'I'm almost there to pick you up.'

"A gunshot sounded in my ear; the voices of men, the shuffling of shoes, a scuffle-things breaking and Claire screaming.

"I shouted her name into the phone as my boot pressed the gas pedal all the way to the floor.

"The phone went dead.

"I dropped it on the seat and the tires on my car tore their way recklessly down the highway, weaving through back streets and blazing through stop signs in the late evening.

"She was dead when I got there, her body lying on the floor between the sofa and the coffee table. Two other men had also been shot. Victor met me at the door.

" 'I couldn't get here in time,' he said, but I hardly heard a word. I couldn't take my eyes or my mind off Claire.

I rounded my chin defiantly and tried so fucking hard to contain my anger and pain, hoping not to let my brother on to my feelings for Claire.

" 'Niklas,' he said almost apologetically, but then he stopped and he led me outside because he knew the house was bugged. 'Did you have...feelings for her?'

"I laughed. 'That's ridiculous,' I said, but I couldn't look him in the eyes. 'Just call a fuckin' cleaner and get rid of her. Are those men from the other organization?'

"It stung me to say the words 'get rid of her', and made it that much harder to hold it together.

"Victor nodded. 'Yes. Claire received a phone call after you left the house. From a man. We did not catch his name and they weren't on the line long enough to get a trace.'

" 'What did they say?' I was getting nervous; I was afraid that Victor would tell me something I didn't want to hear: maybe Claire had something going on with this man, maybe she wasn't who I believed her to be-it would've killed me that much more to know something like that about the woman I loved more than anything.

" 'They barely spoke,' Victor said. 'Claire answered. There was a pause and the man simply asked who he was speaking to. Claire replied by asking him who he was trying to reach. And then the call ended.'

" 'Sounds like it was just a wrong number,' I said.

" 'It is possible,' Victor said with a nod, 'but it was also suspicious. We were not taking any chances and I was ordered to come here right away.'

" 'Why didn't you call me?'

" 'You were still over an hour away,' Victor said. 'I was just fifteen minutes out.'

"That may have been true, but he was keeping something from me and it didn't take long for me to figure it out.

" 'Victor, tell me the fucking truth,' I said. 'Why didn't you call me?' I already knew the answer.

"He sighed. 'You were being removed from the mission, Niklas. Joran Carver received his orders last evening to take over.'

" 'Take over?' I said with anger and disbelief. 'And how the hell was he gonna do that?' My voice began to rise. 'I had a relationship with Claire. She...loved me, Victor'-I had started to say that I also loved her, but my wall of denial was still up and had to stay that way-'How could Joran possibly just take over?' I was enraged-the thought of another man, operative or not, taking over for me, did things to me that I couldn't control-I almost punched my brother.

"Blue and red lights bounced against the surrounding trees in the darkness as a police car and an unmarked came up the long gravel driveway. The house I lived in with Claire was on six acres of tree-engulfed land; the closest neighbor was half a mile away.

"Joran Carver stepped out of the unmarked vehicle dressed in a suit.

"I beat the shit out of him because he was there, why he was there. And I didn't talk to my brother for a month after that. Because he kept the truth from me until the last minute when The Order's plan to replace me with Joran, died with Claire that night."

"Why was Joran Carver there?" Nora asks.

Letting the memory fade, I look back at Nora sitting on the other side of the table.

"I thought you knew everything?" I say sarcastically.

"This I don't know," she says. "And I want you to tell me."

I shake my head with a sneer. "That wasn't part of the deal."

"It is now," she says. "I'm curious to know."

I want to be my pissed off, defiant self with Nora right now, but at this point I don't even care anymore. I feel so goddamned defeated, not by Nora, but by myself.

"Joran's role was to play the kind and caring homicide investigator who was going to show up at Claire's house to question her about the last time she saw me. To rule her out as having anything to do with my murder."

"They were going to kill you?"

"No." I shake my head. "They were just going to take me out of the mission. Tell her I had been found murdered. She would've been devastated. And Joran, handsome, slick fucker that he was, was going to be the one to console her, and her only hope of getting the charges dropped against her for being the one who killed me."

Nora's eyes narrow. "So they were going to make it look like she was a murderer, play on her vulnerable state just so Joran could replace you."

"Fucked up, isn't it?"

"Yeah, that's extreme," she says.

"You wouldn't believe how often things like that happen," I say, and even now, long after I've left The Order, I feel like I'm committing treason against it by freely telling this woman this information. Again, I don't give a fuck; a part of this feels strangely freeing. "Vonnegut's operatives were, and still are, everywhere. Working as police officers, EMT's, IRS officials, lawyers, actors, street sweepers-sometimes I think Claire is better off dead because they would've put her through nine kinds of hell to find out what they wanted to know, and ruined whatever life she tried to make for herself. I like to think that the last eleven months of her life with me was my way of getting back at them. Because I was good to her. And what I felt for her was real. I wasn't just another Joran Carver sent in to lie to her. Claire would've died either way, whether by the other organization after Solis, or eventually by The Order itself. I'm glad I was the last person in her life. Because I fucking loved her."

I get up from the chair and look down at Nora.

"When this is over," I tell her in a calm voice, "I will kill you. On principle."

"Those are bold words," she says with no emotion on her face. "Threats like that-"

"Oh, it's not a threat," I cut in. I point my finger at her. "You don't fuck with somebody's loved ones; innocent people who never asked to be related to, or involved with someone not-so-innocent like the rest of us. Only cowards shoot somebody from behind. If you wanted something from one of us, then you should've called that person out from the start and dealt with it head-on."

I take my pack of cigarettes up from the table, shuffling one into my fingers and then slide the pack into my back pocket. Fishing my lighter from a front pocket, I set the end aflame and take a quick drag.

"Good luck with my brother," I say, smoke streaming from my lips. "And with Gustavsson-I actually look forward to that show."

And then I walk out after I hear the lock clicking from the inside of the massive door.

9

Izabel

Niklas doesn't join us back in the surveillance room after he leaves Nora. None of us expected him to. I feel terrible for him, and I really had no idea that he actually cared about me at all. He didn't have to tell Nora anything; no one he loves has their life on the line. Because she's already dead.

I don't know what to think, or how to feel anymore when it comes to Niklas. He did try to kill me, after all. But can something like that ever be forgiven? Can a person just sweep a heartless and wicked thing like that under a rug and let bygones be bygones? I don't know that it can. Or that I want it to. But it doesn't change the fact that I feel awful about what he went through.

And I feel guilty.

I feel guilty because I'm alive and Claire isn't.

It was so much easier when I hated him...

"Have you heard any word from Gustavsson?" Dorian asks from his chair in front of the screens.

Victor shakes his head.

"Nothing. I left a message on three of his phones. No response."

"I'll try to get in touch with him," I speak up, "but Victor, he's more likely to answer your calls than mine. You still hold onto this idea that he hasn't let go of his bond with me, but I'm telling you that he has. I feel it. I know it. But I'll try."

Victor nods.

"I suppose my brother is right," he says looking at no one. "Gustavsson may have to be dealt with. He is my friend, but since Seraphina, he is not the same man I once knew. And some broken men are just too broken to be put back together."

Those words coming out of Victor's mouth sends a chill up my back. Because once Victor has it set in his mind that he has to kill someone, he does it. Only on two other occasions has he ever changed his mind that I know of: first with me when I was on the run with him from Mexico, and then later with Niklas when he thought Niklas had betrayed him. He didn't go through with killing me because our relationship was complicated, because he was confused by his feelings, and his conscience got the better of him. He didn't kill Niklas because at the last moment he realized that Niklas was never his enemy. But he was willing and prepared to kill his own brother, a brother he loves so much that he killed their father just to protect him.

Fredrik may be his friend, but Victor's bond with Fredrik is nowhere near as tight as the one with his brother, or with me.

I'm afraid for Fredrik. And I hope it doesn't end the way I feel like it's going to.

Nora waving up at one of the hidden cameras, catches our eyes. "Yoo-hoo!" her voice funnels through the speakers in the room.

"Turn on the mic," Victor tells Dorian.

Dorian drops his feet from the table and reaches out, covering the computer mouse with the palm of his hand.

"I'll be needing something to sleep on," she says in her confident, demanding tone. "We'll pick the rest of this up tomorrow."

Victor leans over, bracing his hands on the table in front of the largest screen and says into the mic on a small stand in front of him, "That would be wasting time. Forty-eight hours was little time to begin with."

Nora smiles cunningly and pushes her silky hair away from her shoulders and out of her eyes.

"Actually, it's a lot of time for something as simple as confession, if you really think about it." Her smile broadens. "The only reason you're feeling pressed for time now is because one of you still hasn't shown up. Am I wrong?"

Victor doesn't flinch. "No, you are correct, but just the same, we would like to get as much of this out of the way as possible."

She walks back and forth in front of the camera slowly, her arms crossed, her tall black heels tapping against the floor. Then she stops and looks back at the camera and repeats, "We'll pick up where we left off tomorrow."

Victor nods at Dorian, indicating for him to shut the mic off.

He turns back to us.

"This will give us time to use whatever we have to figure out who she is," Victor says.

James Woodard comes into the room then, his face reading the same dead-end news as before.

"I've never seen anything like it," he says, his chins jiggling with the shaking of his round, balding head. "Except with organization leaders, like with Vonnegut. I can't find a shred of anything on this woman. She's like a ghost, sir. A-And I gotta say that I feel a little inadequate. I-I'm supposed to be able to find anything on anyone. I'll understand if you want to f-fire me."

"No one is going to fire you, Woodard," Victor says, still looking at the screen, standing tall in front of it in his black suit. "And besides, if I had to relieve you of your duties, it would unfortunately not be with a pink slip."

Woodard swallows uneasily; anxiety filling his eyes and making them even rounder in his sweating face.

We start brainstorming without Niklas.

"Maybe she is a leader," I say, going back to what Woodard said earlier. "I don't see how anyone can not have some kind of trail."

"And how does she know so much?" Dorian says.

"She is not a leader," Victor says with a trace of uncertainty. "At least I doubt she is."

"OK, what do we know about her other than nothing?" I ask, pacing the floor. I stop and look back at them, holding up a hand, gesturing. "I mean let's just assume that what we think we know about her is true: her father cut off the tip of her finger and it's a sensitive subject; she has a conscience despite wanting us to think she doesn't; she's very skilled not only in fighting and manipulating us into talking, but she got herself out of the cuffs without anyone seeing her-she's an escape artist."

Silence fills the room as the gears in our brains begin to churn. But none of us comes up with any theories.

"She had to have been watching us just a few months ago," Dorian says, "for her to know about what went down with Gustavsson and Seraphina. Unless she's getting this information from someone on the inside, I honestly don't see how she'd know about any of that."

"I agree," Victor says. "It is believable that she could obtain information about our pasts through many different means over several years. She could have broken into The Order's files-James Woodard can do that, I don't see why she couldn't pull it off. But to know anything about Fredrik and Seraphina-."

"Then who could be the mole?" I ask. "If there is one."

"Time will tell," Victor says and leaves it at that.

We call it a night just before midnight and Victor has men take in a small cot for Nora to sleep on. And a bucket for her to piss in, compliments of me because there's no way she's leaving that room to be escorted to a restroom. We watch on the screen as the men go inside, to make sure she doesn't slip something past us like she did with the cuffs-this time we're expecting it-and to make sure she doesn't kill them. She's cooperative and doesn't attack anyone or try to escape. But then again, I believe her when she said before that she wouldn't even be here if she didn't want to be. It worries Victor too, but he won't say it aloud.

"What if there are more people like her?" I ask as I undress in our room on the top floor of the building. "It scares me, Victor, I won't lie."

Victor's thumbs and index fingers break apart the last button of his dress shirt and he slips it over his muscle-defined arms, laying it carefully over the back of a chair.

"That will be the only thing keeping her alive after she's told us where to find Dina Gregory and the others."

He walks toward the bed, his bare feet moving over the carpet, the ends of his black dress pants hanging loosely over the tops of them.

I'm sitting on the side of the bed, reaching behind me to unclasp my bra.

"So you're gonna kill her when this is all over?"

"Yes," he says, breaking apart the button on his pants. "We will need to find out what else she knows first, and who is in on this with her. We will use her the same way she is using us, and once we have what we need, I will eliminate her."

Eliminate. Victor still, every now and then, talks like he still fills contracts for The Order under Vonnegut. It bothers me sometimes, how he slips back into that cold and calculated man with buried emotions, but I never say anything. I know firsthand how hard it is to strip one's self completely of their past.

I lay down against the bed wearing only my black lacey panties. Victor steps out of his dress pants and his boxer-briefs and stands naked and fully erect at the foot of the bed. I can't think about sex right now. I mean...OK, I can think about it, and it's difficult not to with him looking at me like that, but the timing isn't right-there's too much going on. Then again, that's precisely why he's all for it-sex is Victor's escape from everything else. And I'm more than happy to let him take his frustrations out on me.

"And what about Fredrik?" I ask. The bed moves beneath me as he makes his way on top of it. "Are you sure you can kill him? Or that you'd want to?"

He begins to slip my panties off with both hands. "Yes, I can kill him," he says, his hands making a trail down the backs of my thighs, breaking my skin out in shivers.

I gasp when I feel his fingers inside of me; every inch of my body is ravaged by a cruel but blissful shiver. Oh my God, I'm gonna die before he makes me come. And then my stomach flutters when he crawls atop me, kissing his way up toward my mouth. His warm lips fall softly on mine and his kiss steals my breath away.

"I don't want to kill him," he says breaking the kiss shortly after. My eyes roll into the back of my head as his fingers continue to explore me below. "But I will do what I have to do."

It never takes Victor long to make me wet. It never takes him much effort to make me ache with need, to make my insides quiver with anticipation, frustration.

My eyelids break apart slowly and with difficulty; my thighs clasp around his chiseled waist.

"What do you think..."-I shudder and my lips part as he pushes his hard length slowly and deeply inside of me-Oh my fucking God-"...think she wants you to...confess, Victor?" My words sound more like breath now. My heart is racing. My thighs tremble around his firm body.

My teeth clamp down on his bottom lip gently as he rocks his hips against me with slow, but aggressive abandon; my hands clutch the sides of his face before I dig my nails into the skin on his back.

"I have no idea," he whispers hotly onto my mouth.

His tongue tangles with mine and his kiss is deep and hungry and warm.

"But what if-"

"Be quiet, Izabel"-he thrusts harder, causing me to lose my breath-"and let me fuck you."

Fifty-percent of the time I always do what Victor tells me-this is that fifty-percent of the time.

10

Izabel

Niklas joins us again in the surveillance room the next morning. It feels awkward being this close to him after what he said yesterday; awkward for both of us, I think. He's an even bigger asshole than he was before; won't even look at me much less say two words to me. Maybe he's embarrassed and this is his way of dealing with it; I don't know. Right now Niklas is the least of my worries.

James Woodard stands by the door with the blood results in his hand.

"No match," he announces and tosses the print-out on a nearby table. "Nora is officially a fictional woman."

The news doesn't surprise any of us.

I turn to the screens with my arms crossed, dressed more for the occasion today in a tight black one-piece jumpsuit and a pair of military boots with good floor-grip, in case I have to fight Nora again. A dress was the worst thing I could've worn yesterday-I know Woodard got more of a view than I ever wanted him to.

"I think she actually pissed in the bucket," Niklas points out.

My face scrunches up, but I look anyway. Thankfully, the cameras aren't in any position to prove it.

"Well, she's gotta go sometime," Dorian says.

Victor continues to watch Nora as she paces the room on her tall legs and in her tall heels. She doesn't look anxious or agitated, as I know I would be, being locked in a windowless room for this long, but instead she just looks bored. Add patience to her list of skills-Woodard isn't the only one in this room who feels inadequate.

Victor turns away from the screens, the light from them casting a glow around his back.

"Woodard," he says, "I need to speak with you for a moment." He drops his arms at his sides and heads for the exit.

Woodard follows promptly.

"Victor, what is it?" I ask.

Light from the hallway spills into the room. He stands in the doorway and looks back at me. "I have some things I need him to check out," he says simply.

I nod and they leave together.

Dorian and I glance at one another, sharing the same suspicious expressions. But Victor taking one of us off to the side to speak to privately isn't anything new. It just never fails to make me incredibly curious, and Victor doesn't always feel the need to share with me what was said.

I glance over at Niklas. I know he can feel my eyes on him, which is why he doesn't look back.

The only sounds in the room are Nora's heels moving across the floor coming from the speakers, and Dorian's breath blowing the steam rising from his paper coffee cup.

"So," I say to Niklas, trying to break the unease, "do you think you know any more about her today?"

"No," he says, but doesn't look at me.

He continues to stand in front of the screen on the right with his arms crossed, dressed in a pair of jeans and a dark gray button-up shirt with the sleeves rolled up past his elbows. And his biker boots; he always wears those. I don't think he even owns another pair of shoes.

Disappointedly, I turn away and watch Nora instead.

"I guess I'm going in there next," Dorian says, and doesn't seem at all eager-I think he's more worried about what he might do to her.

I pull out the wheeled chair on his left and sit down next to him.

"We're gonna get Tessa back," I tell him. "Just like Dina and James's daughters. I really believe that." I have to believe it, otherwise I'd be a mess by now.

Still facing the screen, Dorian makes a small breathy noise; a smile appears in his eyes. "Most women divorce their husbands and hate them for life because of an affair," he says, and then glances over at me briefly, the smile now lifting the corners of his lips. "Tessa divorced me because I didn't want to move to Wisconsin."

My brows crumple in my forehead.

"Wisconsin?"

He laughs under his breath. "She hated New York. Wanted to live closer to her family. I don't do well outside of a city"-his shoulders and head appear to shudder-"get in places like that where you can actually hear yourself think and you start to overthink." He glances over once more, his eyes meeting mine. "Doing the shit that I do, you don't want to think about it too much, y'know?"

I nod slowly. "Yeah, I guess I do know."

"Don't get me wrong," he goes on, "I'm not haunted by the things I've done, but then maybe that's why-I haven't thought about it enough."

He laughs suddenly.

"But I did have an affair," he says and it catches me off-guard. He shakes his finger at me as if to make a point. "She cheated on me first though. After that it went back and forth-we cheated on each other out of spite for three years before she divorced me. Hell, I never would've done it the first time if she hadn't"-he takes a quick sip of his coffee-"but Wisconsin was the nail in the coffin."

I look over at Niklas again. He's the same quiet, motionless figure standing there as he was before, but I can't imagine he's not thinking about Claire, especially considering the topic.

I avert my eyes before he notices.

"Whoever's coming in next," Nora says looking up into a camera, "be sure to bring me something to eat. I'm famished."

"Famished?" I echo with annoyance. "What, does she think she's British?"

The door opens then and Victor walks back into the room alone. The three of us turn to look at him, hoping he's in the divulging mood. But he isn't. I stand up from the chair.

"Dorian," Victor says, "you go in next. I've put Woodard on something that may or may not be a break in her identity. I need to find out first before I talk to her."

That sounds promising. Victor is more often right about his hunches than he is wrong, which is why for now he's choosing not to say anything to the rest of us until he knows for sure.

Dorian stands.

"OK, boss," he says and takes a deep breath.

He drinks the last of his coffee down and leaves the room, snagging the apple from the table next to the coffee pot on his way out.

"I hope he doesn't kill her," I tell Victor. It does worry me because Dorian's middle name is Trigger-Happy, and even if his ex-wife's life is on the line, I'm not so sure he can control his anger.

Niklas ignores us and sits down in the chair that Dorian just left.

Victor steps up next to me in front of the screens; the cool, thin material of his white dress shirt brushes against my arm. He moves his arm behind me, fitting his hand at my waist, his long fingers spread about my hip. I always welcome and crave his touch, no matter where or how or who's watching, but right now it makes me uncomfortable. I feel the need to glance over at Niklas again, to see if he's watching, or bothered by it, but I think I'm just being paranoid; my guilt is getting the best of me.

My eyes fall on the screen when Dorian enters the room with Nora. He walks straight over to the table where she now sits in her usual chair, and he places the apple in front of her.

Nora wrinkles her nose at it, and then raises her eyes to Dorian.

"An apple?" she says with disappointment.

"It's something to eat, isn't it?"

She smirks.

Dorian sits down at the other side of the table, resting his elbows on top of it, steepling his hands.

Nora smiles charmingly, one side of her mouth lifting higher than the other.

"So let's do this," Dorian says, motioning a hand.

"Eager, aren't we?" she taunts him.

"No, I think tired-of-your-shit is more like it."

She laughs gently and crosses one leg over the other, folding her hands together on her lap, looking tall and regal and stunning.

"Your reputation is accurate," she says. "Cocky, mouthy, impatient-you're almost as bad as Niklas Fleischer." She leans forward. "Tell me-how does a guy like you; gorgeous, dangerous and obvious because of the trail of bodies you tend to leave behind, not end up on everyone's radar?"

"What do you mean?" he asks, confused, curious.

"What I mean is that you were the most difficult to find any information on. Of course, I doubt your real name is Dorian Flynn-mine isn't Nora Kessler; I made it up when I got here; Kessler just now." She grins and rests her arms on the table like Dorian. "I followed you for months-worked at a restaurant not far from your apartment in Manhattan; that one you like so well that serves your favorite clam chowder. Of course you wouldn't recognize me because I looked very different then"-a look of realization crosses Dorian's features and Nora's smile lengthens when she notices-"yeah, you're getting it now aren't you?"

"You were my waitress," he says, growing more confused. "I remember you...your hair was darker and shorter...your makeup was different...you talked like a New Yorker." He appears conflicted and uncomfortable.

"Oh don't be so hard on yourself," Nora says. "I'm good at what I do. I could've sat down in the booth with you and engaged you in conversation and you wouldn't recognize me later unless I wanted you to."

My mind is running away with me now, hundreds of images flashing across my thoughts, trying to pick her face or her voice or any part of her out of the thousands of people I've come into contact with. Could she have been there, in Mexico with me at some point? It doesn't seem likely-I doubt she even knew who I was until after I fled Mexico with Victor. But none of that stops me from relentlessly trying to spot her face in any part of my past.

I glance over at Victor, and then Niklas, and judging by the deep looks of concentration on their faces, they're doing the same thing.

"I lifted your fingerprints from your glass," Nora says. "You used to be Adam Barnett of Katy, Texas. Arrested multiple times as a juvenile and spent most of your teenage life in the system. Cared for by adoptive parents until they couldn't deal with you anymore and later gave you up-nothing everybody else here doesn't already know, I'm sure. I kept searching. But your info trail ended abruptly at the age of sixteen. It was like you fell off the face of the planet. No driver's license or work record, no tax information, not even a credit card purchase-under either name. The point is that"-her eyes harden with focus-"you're in a way like me; a person with no real identity. And I wonder why that is?" Her question is heavy with accusation, as though she already has a good idea of the answer-considering the reason she's here, she probably does.

"Look at what I do," Dorian says exasperated, pressing his back against the chair. "I'm not supposed to be easy to find or to figure out. If I were, I wouldn't be any good and I'd probably already be dead by now."

"This is true," she says with a nod, "you are good. You're good because I couldn't find anything. I was getting worried you wouldn't get to play the game with everybody else because I had nothing on you, nothing to force you to confess"-she smiles wickedly-"but then something extraordinary happened, something I never expected. When Tessa first saw me she said something that really got my attention before she was chained to the furnace. Do you want to know what she said?"

Dorian looks nervous.

Nora looks increasingly sly.

Niklas' eyes actually meet mine for a brief moment of question, but fall away just as quickly.

Victor stands stock-still, looking into that screen as if what he's about to hear is the most important thing he's going to hear all day.

"What did she say?" Dorian asks reluctantly, turning his blond head slightly at an angle and narrowing his eyes on Nora.

Nora smiles sweetly.

"She said, 'I won't tell you anything', before she was even asked any questions." Nora pauses, cocking her head to one side. "Now that's not something an innocent person, uninvolved, would usually say in a time like that, is it?"

Dorian's fist slams against the table, knocking the apple onto its side. It rolls awkwardly a little ways before stopping near the edge.

"Tessa is innocent," he rips the words out angrily, "and if you hurt her-"

"Oh, I've already hurt her," Nora cuts him off snidely. "I hurt her enough to get what I wanted out of her, but what happens to her later will depend on what happens in this room today, as you're already aware."

"She has nothing to do with anything," Dorian growls, growing more incensed, trying so hard to keep his murderous rage contained.

"Anything, meaning what exactly?"

Dorian hesitates, seeming in search of words-words of truth, or maybe words that just sound like truth.

"Look-Tessa knows what I do, all right," he says, appearing to give in a little. "She's smart; she knew I was leading a double life. She found my guns. She started following me, thinking I was into some drug shit. I was afraid she was going to get hurt, so I told her the truth."

"And what is the truth?"

Dorian raises both arms out at his sides, opening his hands palms-up. "That I'm part of an underground organization."

"What kind of underground organization?"

His eyes harden and he shakes his head in perplexity.

"This kind," he says, pointing downward.

Puzzled, I look to Victor. "So, that's his secret, that he told his ex-wife about us?" While that's a bad thing and Victor won't like it, I still feel about as confused as Dorian looks.

"No, there's something more to this," Victor says cryptically, staring at the screen.

Nora shakes her head and sighs.

"So you're sticking with that story then?" she asks.

Dorian blinks confusedly.

"Yeah. I am. I don't know what else to fucking tell you."

"How about the truth?" Nora suggests.

"That is the truth."

Nora very casually reaches out and takes the apple into her hand. She squeezes her index finger and thumb around the base of the stem and twists it until it pops off. Then she rubs the bottom of her black silk blouse around the red skin, giving it a nice shine before bringing it to her lips. Dorian watches her with a cold, calculating intensity as her perfect white teeth sink into the peel with a long and slow cruuunch. She takes her time chewing slowly. She swallows and takes another bite, taking her time with that one as well. It's as if she's waiting for something, giving Dorian a little more time to change his story.

I'm nervous as hell; that gut feeling of mine doing a number on my stomach.

Victor hasn't flinched, and neither has Niklas since the brief second we made eye contact-he looks just like his brother in this moment, and it's a bit intimidating.

Nora stands up.

Dorian follows suit, keeping his eyes trained on her every move as she walks around the table. She moves toward him, and Dorian wastes no time reaching behind him and pulling his gun from the back of his pants.

He points it at her face and my heart pounds in my chest.

But Nora doesn't appear concerned.

"I wouldn't have taken her," Nora says about Tessa, "if I wasn't one hundred percent sure you'd do whatever it takes to save her life. Could I have been wrong?" She stands just two feet in front of him with her slender arms covered by wrinkled see-through silk down at her sides.

"I've told you what I told Tessa-if there's something else you're getting at you're going to have to be a little more obvious." Dorian's anger is rising, but then so is the tension in his shoulders and on his face.

In a flash, the apple hits the floor and Dorian's gun appears in Nora's hand, trained on his face.

My hand flies up to cover my mouth, an astonished breath sucked swiftly into my lungs.

Niklas jumps to his feet, sending the wheeled chair rolling away behind him, but he doesn't go any farther.

"Victor-"

"Just wait," Victor says to me, still staring at the screen, but even his nerves are beginning to unravel a little, I can tell by how much wider his eyes are now than they were moments ago.

Dorian, attempting to back away from her with his hands up in surrender, trips over his chair and nearly falls, but catches himself just before.

"What the-you crazy fucking bitch!"

A muffled shot zips through the space and Dorian's body jerks to the right, his left hand coming up to cover the wound on his shoulder; blood seeps through his fingers. He yells out and stumbles backward, tripping over the chair again but hitting the floor this time. Struggling on his way as he backs toward the wall, he looks up at the camera, at us, and I want desperately to rush down there and help him, but I know that I can't.

"You fucking shot me!" He glares up at the tall blonde beauty standing over him with his own gun; waves of pain rolling through him, manipulating his features. "Stupid bitch! You fucking shot me!"

"Confess," she demands with the gun pointed at his face again, "or you die and Tessa dies."

"I did! I confessed!" He finally makes it to the wall and throws himself against it, needing it to hold him up. His long legs in dark pants are stretched out before him with black boots on the ends-between them are a pair of black six-inch heels.

"Last chance," Nora says, looking down at Dorian over the barrel of the gun and the silencer attached to its end.

Dorian's wide eyes dart to and from Nora's face and her finger on the trigger.

It takes us mere seconds to get to the room, punch in the code and burst inside with guns drawn. But Nora doesn't flinch; she keeps her eyes on Dorian and the gun pointed at his head.

"If any one of you shoots me," she warns, "there's an eighty/twenty chance that my finger will squeeze this trigger the rest of the way and that wall behind Dorian Flynn will look like a Jackson Pollock."

None of us makes a move.

"CONFESS!" Nora says stridently, and although I'm standing far behind her and can only see her back, I know her face is twisted by furious demand.

I look at Victor standing next to me with his gun pointed at Nora. I know he could take her out with a single shot and somehow keep Dorian from getting killed. I know that Victor is better than anyone in this room when it comes to aim and timing and speed. But he doesn't want to shoot Nora. He wants to know Dorian's secret as much as Nora wants him to confess it.

Niklas drops his gun to his side-his is the only one without a silencer.

Reluctantly, I do the same.

A thuddup sound echoes through the room.

"FUUUCCCK!" Dorian cries out again as Nora puts another bullet in the opposite shoulder. "Fucking bitch!" he roars, doubling over with both hands covering his wounds, his arms crossed in an X over his chest.

I start to move forward, but Victor pushes me back with the length of his arm jutting out at his side.

"ALL RIGHT! FUCK! ALL RIGHT! I'LL TELL YOU!" Dorian raises his head, pressing it against the wall. His chest rises and falls rapidly underneath his black shirt. Sweat has beaded on his forehead, dripping down the sides of his face. He can hardly keep his body upright as his back begins to slouch farther; only the soles of his boots grounded against the floor, his knees bent, keeping him from sliding down all the way.

"I'm an independent contractor for U.S. Intelligence," Dorian confesses to the shock of everyone in the room-all but Nora, who looks proud and strangely relieved. He looks across the room at us. At Victor. "But it's not what you think," he says, fighting through the pain. "I'm not here to betray you, Faust"-he pauses to catch his breath-"I never was...it's not what you think..."

Victor says nothing. Not even his demeanor appears to have changed, but on the inside I feel it's a much different story.

"Put the gun on the floor and kick it aside," Victor tells Nora, his gun still trained on the back of her head.

Nora's arms raise out at her sides in surrender; the gun sliding down onto her index finger as she releases her grip on the handle. Slowly she takes two steps backward away from Dorian, crouches, and then places the gun on the floor. She rises back into a stand and kicks it gently away from the easy reach of her or Dorian.

With her hands still raised she turns around, a smile dancing on her face, her long, silky blonde hair tumbling over her shoulders and partially covering one brown eye.

"Niklas," Victor says without moving his hard gaze from Nora, "tie her up. Hands and feet and torso. And make certain there is no way she can get out of it."

"Gladly," Niklas says with his trademark smirk and then leaves to get whatever he plans to use to tie her up with.

Minutes later, Nora is bound to her chair so tight by several yards of paracord that the only thing she can seem to move anymore are her fingers, and her head.

No one said anything while Niklas tied her up, and still the air is rife with silence several minutes later. Dorian, clearly in a lot of pain from two gunshot wounds, even manages to keep his discomfort confined to facial expressions and body language.

Two men in suits come into the room behind us and Victor orders them to detain Dorian and take him to cell C.

"But you have to listen to me," Dorian says as he's being dragged across the room. "At least let me talk before you kill me, Faust. Give me a chance to explain myself. It's not what you think!"

Victor still says nothing, and as always, his dark silence speaks frightening volumes that words can never match.

"Wait!" Nora calls out. "Let me tell Dorian one last thing before you take him away!"

The men stop at the door and look at Victor first, seeking his permission. Victor nods, and then the men, one on each of Dorian's arms which are cuffed behind his back, turn him around to face Nora; his knees almost touching the floor.

He raises his head weakly to look at her, pain manipulating his features as it moves through his body.

"That ex-wife of yours is very loyal," Nora says. "Skittish and a little stupid, but loyal. I was surprised."

"What do you mean?" Dorian says with a sneer. "She told you about me. I mean I understand-what'd you fucking do to her?"

Nora looks at him in a pitying manner.

"Actually," she says, her lips turning up at the edges, "she wasn't the one who told me anything-you were."

Dorian curses her as the men carry him out, struggling in their grasps. We hear him shouting all the way down the length of the hallway until his curses are shut off by the elevator doors.

Nora looks back at us, seemingly helpless in her bonds, but always the most confident one in the room, despite them. I despise this bitch. I want to be the one-like everybody else I'm sure-who kills her when this is all over.

"That leaves just you and the Jackal, doesn't it?" Nora says to Victor. "And time is almost up. Somehow, I don't see this ending well."

"If it doesn't end well for Dina," I threaten, "it won't end well for you either."

She makes a face that says whatever happens, happens, and shrugs her restrained shoulders.

11

Victor

Woodard follows me down a long stretch of brightly-lit hallway toward the cells; the stench of his thick cologne suffocating the space around us and me within it. The leather soles of his loafers squeak obnoxiously with every heavy step as he tries to keep up. We pass a row of empty cells on the way to the C. This building had once been a juvenile detention center and was perfect for my needs, so I purchased it quickly soon after Izabel and I left New Mexico.

"I don't know what to say, boss," Woodard says apologetically beside me, "but there was nothing on Dorian Flynn that I could find. I-I don't know how that woman could've known."

"She didn't," I say as we round the corner. "Nora Kessler is the highest caliber of expert at what she does. You should not feel inept."

"What exactly is it that she does, sir?"

"A little bit of everything, it appears, but her specialty lies in knowing the foremost weaknesses of the human psyche-love and fear. She's exceedingly remarkable when it comes to manipulation-a puppet master pulling all of the strings with flawless precision-and just watching her with every one of you I think I've come to understand how she plays this game so well."

We turn another corner and draw nearer the C. A fluorescent light flickers in the ceiling out ahead, casting a patterned shadow upon the walls. Two men stand guard outside Dorian's cell.

"How does she play it?" Woodard asks slightly out of breath.

"What have you found on the source I sent you to investigate?" I ask, disregarding his inquiry. He will know in time, as will everyone else, but first I want to know more myself-since I did not hear the entire conversation during Izabel's confession, I cannot be one-hundred-percent sure of my theory.

"Nothing so far, but I'm running a scan on the information you gave me. It might yield results. It's crazy, but this whole thing is crazy."

"And what of her blood sample?"

"Well, that's what I came to find you for," he says.

I stop in the center of the hall about twenty-feet from the men outside Dorian's cell and I turn to Woodard.

He catches his breath; sweat beads on his upper lip; the armpits of his plaid shirt are discolored by moisture.

"I ran it through the database you gave me from The Order," he begins as he flips open a blue folder in his hand, "and there were no matches to anyone within The Order, but there was a match to a hit."

He hands me the paper from inside the folder.

"Does 'Solis' ring any bells, sir?" Woodard had not been in the surveillance room when Niklas was with Nora.

Yes, it rings many bells, James Woodard.

"Thank you for this," I tell him, again avoiding his questions. I fold the paper into a square and tuck it away in the front pocket of my slacks.

Woodard's confidence returns in the form of an uneasy smile.

"So I did good?" he asks, always needing the validation.

I simply nod.

"Find me again when you get those results back," I say.

"Sure thing, boss." He smiles proudly to himself as he scurries in a bumbling manner down the hallway and out of my sight.

The guards outside Dorian's door step to the side as I walk up.

"They removed the bullets from Flynn's shoulders, sir," one guard says, "and stitched him up. He requested he not be restrained due to his injuries, but we followed through anyway."

Sliding the key into the steel door, the lock clicks with an echo.

I close the door behind me after stepping inside the small room with only a tiny box window covered by bars to let in the sunlight. A metal bed juts out from the gray brick wall, covered by a thin cot. A toilet and a sink are shoved closely together near one corner.

Dorian sits on the metal cot with his legs over the side, his booted feet touching the dingy tile floor. His hands are cuffed in front of him. He is shirtless; blood seeps through the bandages on his shoulders.

He raises his head and looks up at me with concern in his face.

"I know I have some explaining to do," he says, "and I will, but maybe right now isn't the time? I'm more worried about Tessa. There's not much time left."

"I am making time for this," I tell him. "Besides, I have no confidence in Gustavsson making it here before the forty-eight-hour deadline, so it will make no difference whether or not I take my turn with Nora."

Dorian frowns.

"So, you're just giving up?" he asks, apprehension and disbelief manipulating his features. "What about Mrs. Gregory-Izabel loves her like a mother. Are you going to give up on her?"

"This is not about giving up on anyone," I say, "but facing the reality of the situation. Without Gustavsson's cooperation, they are all as good as dead, and since there has been no communication with him, no sign that he intends to come here, I am simply shifting my focus on other matters."

Dorian shakes his head and looks down at the floor.

"Tessa doesn't know anything about you, or anyone in this Order, not even me," he says in a defeated tone of voice. He raises his head again. "It was safer for her to tell her I work for U.S. Intelligence."

"Because you know the nature of both," I say, already knowing.

He nods slowly, grimacing as pain moves through his shoulders.

"Perhaps you shouldn't have told her anything," I point out. "A professional operative, whether one who works for me or the CIA or for anyone else, would never reveal such a top secret job to anyone. You did it twice. First to Tessa, and then to Nora, to save your own life."

"No," he says quickly, "I never would've given up my identity to save myself. I wouldn't give a shit if Nora killed me-I only told her because I knew that if I didn't she'd kill Tessa."

He is truthful in those words, I strongly believe.

"But even for her," I say, "you should never have told her anything. She is a civilian. An innocent. And by telling her the truth, you made her an unknowing accomplice. And a target."

"I know," he says, shaking his head and looking at the floor again, "but when it comes to her, I'm weak. I always have been. You should know, Faust"-his eyes lock onto mine-"you love Izabel. You should understand why I had to tell Tessa something."

"You told her simply because she had suspicions," I say. "I could stand here all day and tell you why that reason is unacceptable, but that's not why I came."

"Are you going to kill me?" he asks almost listlessly.

Dorian Flynn is not afraid to die, and a part of him I believe wants to. Perhaps he has thought about death more than any of us, I do not know, but there is no shortage of quiet despair inside of this man. The smiling, facetious face he wears in front of all of us is just a mask covering a somewhat troubled soul.

"You have five minutes to explain," I announce. "At the end of that five minutes, I will know whether or not I'm going to kill you."

He nods.

A betrayal such as this one, when an operative secretly works for another employer without my knowledge, would almost always come with the heaviest of consequences-immediate death. But one must be careful to dish out such a sentence before first knowing from that person what information has been leaked, and to whom. And the fact that he is a private contractor for U.S. Intelligence also means that I must be prepared to have more than just Vonnegut and The Order coming down on us, if I kill him. Depending on the nature of his status with his superiors and what kind of private contractor Dorian is, it might be smarter to keep him alive.

"I'm a SOG agent," Dorian says, "and in case you think I'm easy to break, that if you ever were to send me on a mission and expect me to break if I got compromised, you'd be wrong. I was commissioned just to observe and gather information first. But when the time was right, I was allowed to approach the leader and tell him the truth about who I am, and then present the deal prepared by our government-I was going to tell you the truth eventually."

"You said approach 'the' leader."

He nods. "Yes. My mission started in Bradshaw's organization, before you took over and I became a part of yours. The CIA has been searching for Vonnegut for more than thirty years. Kind of like that succubus out there"-he nods toward the wall, indicating Nora-"Vonnegut is a ghost. No one that I have ever known or heard of even knows what he looks like, or if he's even a man. Just when we thought we had him, we'd find out at the last minute that the suspect was just a decoy. There is no bigger bounty on any man's head on this planet than the one on his."

"So you were implanted into Bradshaw's black market organization, hoping to find information on Vonnegut?" I believe I know the rest of the story, but I must be sure.

"Yes," Dorian answers. "I tried to get into The Order ten years ago, but I couldn't. It wasn't like they were taking applications. It was impenetrable. Elusive. So, I settled for one of the black markets. Much easier to get into, I guess because they're not as careful with how they do business. Anyone who kills innocent people for money is too blinded by greed to care about risk and reckless choices."

"And you assumed that because the black markets and The Order were in the same business, that being on the inside of one would eventually lead you to Vonnegut."

He nods again. "I know it was a stretch, but it was all that I had to go on. Microsoft and Apple are two different entities in the same business, in competition with one another, but they keep up with each other because they have to. Know your competition, right?"-he shrugs, and then winces when he realizes it was not such a good idea considering the state of his shoulders-"but it did pay off somewhat," he adds. "Look where I am now"-he laughs-"in a fucking cell where some shot-nosed bastard of a teenager jerked off while he did his time, but my boss happens to be a man who was once closer to Vonnegut than any other man I've ever known."

"So then what was this deal from the government?" I ask, purposely evading his accusations.

"A partnership," he says. "In exchange for all information on Vonnegut and an ongoing hunt for him, the United States would remain deaf and blind to your operations, and in addition, would provide you with all necessary essentials-funds, authorization into top secret files, anything-when working an assignment for us."

I raise a brow.

"Working for you?" I reiterate with quite a bit of disbelief. "I have no interest in working for anyone other than my clients. I did not leave The Order to become a slave to another employer. I am the employer. And that is how it will remain."

"Well I didn't mean it like that," he says, backtracking, "just that there are some criminals that can't be caught, people who we need more information on but can't seem to get. Your Order, Faust, is the kind of organization that can get these things done faster than we can. Sometimes it takes a killer to know a killer, a spy and a thief to know the movements of a spy and a thief. Not to mention Gustavsson-I have to say, I've met a lot of interrogators, but I've never met one quite like him. But it would be a partnership, we'd be sort of like clients, but with a lot more money and means."

I glance at the small box window momentarily in thought.

"But just the same," I say, looking back at Dorian, "I have no interest. Tell me, why Vonnegut exactly? Why is the bounty on his head the highest? And if the government is looking to employ, or work with an organization like mine, why would there be a bounty on his head at all? Why not just seek Vonnegut and his Order for this partnership? His is larger than mine and has been around for a much longer time."

"Because we have reason to believe that Vonnegut is much more than the leader of an assassination ring," he begins. "He also deals in weapons and drugs and girls. Dubai. Colombia. Brazil. Venezuela. Mexico. He is everywhere. He has no boundaries. We also believe he sells weapons and information to terrorists."

"You believe," I say, "but you have no evidence of this."

"No," he answers solemnly, shaking his head. "We have the kind of evidence that's right there on the cusp of being irrefutable proof, when everything adds up and it all points to him and you know he's the guy, but it's just not enough to actually prove it. It's why we need inside information to connect the dots, to fill in the goddamned holes."

Dorian winces and adjusts his body on the metal cot, attempting to straighten his back. His top teeth clamp down over his bottom lip and his face hardens in an agonizing display.

"Look," he says with a heavy sigh, "my intention was never to betray you. None of you. I don't expect you to believe me after today but I don't think of myself as just another operative following orders, or a spy-I actually like being here. You all kind of feel like my family. But if you intend to kill me, I'm not going to beg for my life, Faust. I'm not the begging type. But for Tessa, I am asking you to do whatever you can to help her. None of this is her fault."

I go toward the door.

"The thing is, Flynn," I say, turning to look back at him, "you have betrayed me by feeding information on my Order to your superiors. As long as you've been with us, there is nothing you can say to make me believe that you have not reported what you know about us thus far."

"I wouldn't try to tell you I haven't done that."

I nod and open the door.

"I'll get back to you after this other issue is resolved. You will know my decision then."

"Hey," he calls out and I stop without turning to look at him, "can I at least get some pain killers?"

I shut the door without a word.

12

Izabel

With only about six hours left before the forty-eight are up, I spend most of my time watching Nora from the surveillance room, racking my brain trying to figure out who she is. At least one of us is supposed to know, but so far...nothing.

She sits tied to that chair; her legs and ankles and torso wrapped many times and pulled so tight she can hardly move; her forearms and wrists are bound to the metal arms, in addition to the chains and cuffs. But despite all that, she doesn't look uncomfortable. It's like she's no stranger to this; either that or she has so much patience and discipline that she can tolerate it.

I hate her. I hate her for what she's done to Dina. To Woodard's daughters. And still, even though it looks like Dorian is a traitor, I hate what she's done to his ex-wife. I hate her for making me tell her the darkest secret I've ever kept.

But what I don't understand is how I can also envy her.

Nora Kessler is who I've been striving to become since I met Victor and chose this life with him-strong, intelligent, skilled, confident, but most of all...taken seriously. She's a fucking master and I'm a novice. If she were much older than me, in her thirties or forties maybe, I wouldn't feel so amateur compared to her, but she can't have but a few years on me. How in the hell can she be so experienced?

Nora looks up at the camera, snapping me out of my thoughts. I feel like she's looking right at me even though she can't see me, and I get the sudden urge to talk to her again. I don't know why, but the need is strong and I find myself fighting against it.

She grins as if she knows someone's watching and I look away from the screen.

Niklas is sitting to my right, reading a magazine. A cigarette is tucked behind his ear. A cup of coffee sits on the table next to his elbow.

He still hasn't spoken to me much since his confession with Nora. It's starting to annoy me.

"You don't have to be a dick," I say.

He slides a finger between the pages and flips one over casually. "Yeah I do," he says calmly and without looking up. "Haven't I always been?"

"Yeah, actually you're a pro at being a dick," I say, "but I think I prefer the rude, mouthy you over this silent-treatment one."

"I don't recall ever giving you a choice." He flips another page.

I sigh. "Niklas, what happened to Claire isn't my fault."

"Never said it was." He still hasn't looked up, or raised his tone above I-don't-really-give-a-shit.

"But why do you hate me so much? Because she died? Can your brother not be happy?"

Finally he looks up and his eyes lock onto mine; the half-turned page paused on his finger.

"Happy?" He smiles with mock disbelief. "There are a handful of words that don't really apply to this kind of life, Izabel"-it actually stings this time that he doesn't call me Izzy-"and 'happy' is one of them. That's for people with white picket fences and bratty kids n' shit."

He closes the magazine and tosses it on the table; it lands on a keyboard. Then he leans forward; the smile still present on his unshaven face now laced with mockery. "What was it that Nora said to you when you were in there with her, before the audio was turned off? Inexperienced, overly confident and too far in over your head-it was something like that." He pauses. "Well she was right."

I swallow down my hurt feelings and my shame, and pull at all of my strength to keep it from showing.

Niklas leans back in his chair again and crosses his arms over his chest. He props his left boot on top of his right knee.

"You never should've been brought here," he goes on. "You never should've been allowed to know what we do, much less being fed the delusion of thinking you could do it too. You don't just decide one day that you want to be a contract killer, or a professional spy. And you never will be. You may hold your own on some missions, you may 'prove your worth'"-he makes quotation marks with his fingers-"but you'll never be on my brother's level, or on mine, no matter how much you train because you weren't born into this life or started training young." He shakes his head, glances at the surveillance room door and then says, "Do you really think that Victor has ever once"-he points a finger upward-"trusted you to go on a mission without him or one of us to protect you? Think about it-have you been on a mission alone? Has Victor ever sent you out alone?" He shakes his head again, this time in answer of his own question; a vague smile around his blue-green eyes. "And he never will. Even when you think you're alone you know his men are in the shadows watching you." He picks the magazine back up and opens it to the center. "A solo mission will never happen. At least not until he realizes that you need to die, then he'll send you out on your own. It'll be easier for him to stomach than killing you himself."

Niklas' words cut through me like a dull blade through flesh and bone. My stomach swims with humiliation and pain. For a long time I can't even look at him, not out of anger for his cruel words, but out of shame because I believe them. Deep down I think I've always believed them.

"You're a bastard, Niklas."

"I know," he says, looking up. "I'm a bastard in the technical sense, too, because my brother killed our father. Can you kill someone you love? Can you let Dina Gregory die? Because it's in all our best interests that she does, and you know it. This never should've happened, Izabel. Family members and ex-wives-ties to the outside are just weaknesses."

"You would know," I shoot back icily, referring to Claire.

I never would've used something like that against him, stooping to his heartless level, but it just came out like word vomit.

His eyes harden around the edges, but he doesn't let my comment faze him enough to unravel him.

"Yeah, I would know," he says with a nod and leans forward. "Claire was the biggest mistake of my life. I loved her. I'll never deny that to anyone, or sugarcoat it-I fucking loved Claire and I would've died for her. But that was my moment of weakness, Izabel. I guess we're all fucking entitled to at least one. There is no such thing as love, or happiness, doing the shit that we do. My brother may love you, I can't really say that he doesn't, but that makes you his only weakness. And you know Victor. You may be delusional thinking that this kind of life you somehow fit into, but you're not a stupid girl. You know that my brother is less human than I am. How long will he allow you to compromise him?" He points sternly at me "Victor is experiencing his one moment of entitled weakness right now, just like I did with Claire. Just like Gustavsson did with Seraphina. And look at what love did to Flynn, right in front of your eyes. It's my brother's turn now, like a rite of passage, but how long will it last?"

I look away from him and back at the screen, finding more comfort with Nora than with the sonofabitch sitting in the room with me. How can I hate him now more than her?

"But in some fucked up way," he says as my focused gaze penetrates the glowing veil in front of me, "you're sort of my weakness, too."

I stop breathing for a sharp second.

"I guess I feel responsible for you," he goes on. "And I guess I feel like I owe you because I tried to kill you once."

I look over, but I say nothing.

Niklas shakes his head, and the boot propped on his knee bounces up and down a few times.

"How the fuck does that work exactly?" he asks; his eyes hard around the edges, his brows drawn.

I still don't say anything. Because I don't know. And I don't think the question was really for me as much as it was just him thinking out loud.

"Aftereffects," he answers himself. "I guess Claire left me with a conscience. It's like a scar. Once it's there it's there forever. Unless you try to cut it out. But that only makes it deeper, so you leave it the fuck alone."

Niklas lets out a heavy breath and stands up. He brings his cup of coffee to his lips and takes a small drink.

"Well, you don't have to feel responsible for me," I shoot back, "and I sure as hell don't want you to be. So wipe your hands clean of me, Niklas, and do us both a favor. Besides, it's not me you have a weakness for; it's your brother. And we both know the only reason you put up with me, the only reason you told Nora about Claire to help Dina, was because of Victor."

He takes the cigarette from behind his ear and pops it between his lips with a slim smile.

"Yeah, I guess you're right," he says.

I look back at the screen, intent on dropping this.

Then something he said before suddenly catches my attention out of nowhere-'but you'll never be on my brother's level, or on mine, no matter how much you train because you weren't born into this life.'

"Nora was born into this," I say, staring down at her. "There's no way she's that good as young as she is unless she was born into it."

I look over at Niklas.

He shrugs; the unlit cigarette dangling from his lips.

"Yeah, I guess that's logical," he says, "but that still doesn't tell us much."

"Not much, but something," I say. "I'm going back in to talk to her."

Niklas shakes his head and pulls the cigarette out of his mouth, wedging it between his fingers.

"I don't think that's a good idea, Iz."

I stand up and go over to the area where the coffee pot and microwave and mini-fridge is kept, popping open the door of the fridge and retrieving a bottle of water.

"Well, I'm doing it anyway," I tell him. I stop before I get to the door and look right at Niklas with an intent gaze. "I may never be as good as Victor, or you, or as technologically smart as James Woodard, or as frightening as Fredrik, but there is one thing I know I'm good at because I've been doing it practically all my life, even since before my mother took me to Mexico-adapting. I learned to read my enemies, anyone who could do me harm, whether it was one of my mother's drunk boyfriends or drug dealers, I learned how to survive without turning out like her." I point my finger at him. "And when I was in Mexico, I survived by turning my enemies against each other. I wasn't Javier's favorite when I first went there"-I shake my head and drop my hand back at my side-"no, I was like all of the other girls, beat to near death by Izel on a daily basis, raped by the men-yeah, I was raped by them, I admit it. But I adapted to survive. I made Javier trust me. Trust became protectiveness. Protectiveness became love. Love became obsession. It was because of me that Javier turned on his sister."

I step right up into Niklas' face, looking up the few inches I need to see his eyes as he looms over me in his tall height.

"I was born into this," I say to him sternly; my finger pressing into the center of his chest, "to adapt to my enemy-that is my weapon."

And then I storm out and head downstairs to prove to him and to myself-maybe more to myself-that I'm just as valuable to this organization as any of them are.

13

Izabel

Walking straight over to Nora at the table, I crack the seal on the water bottle and twist off the cap.

"Are you thirsty?" I ask with no emotion on my face.

Nora smiles slimly and just looks up at me from her ropes and chains and cuffs.

"Are you playing the good cop?" she asks with mock humor. "Is this one of your last resort cards, coming in here with a kind gesture to get me to trust you so I'll take pity on your loved ones and tell you where they are?"

"No," I say straightaway, unflinching, "I'm facing reality. Dina and Tessa and Woodard's daughters are as good as dead as far as I'm concerned because my gut tells me that Fredrik's not going to get here in time. Or at all."

"The pleading card then?" Nora presumes.

I shake my head.

"I'm not here for them at all," I say straight-faced and then gently wave the water bottle side to side in my hand. "Do you want it or not?"

Nora looks to and from me and the bottle suspiciously, but then she gives in.

"Yeah, a drink would be nice."

I place the opening to her lips and tilt it up carefully so too much doesn't pour out all at once. When she's had her fill, I set the bottle on the table and then take the seat across from her.

"What makes you think he won't come?" she asks.

"Because Fredrik is a different man," I say, "a very different kind of beast than he used to be. And he doesn't play games anymore. Trust me; Seraphina Bragado was much better at them than you are."

Nora smiles close-lipped.

"I guess she was," she admits. "But she was also out of her mind-quite literally, in fact-so she certainly had an advantage." She pauses, sighing in a lamenting manner. "It is a real shame what happened to her, to Fredrik. Even I was a little brokenhearted when I found out, and it's not an easy thing to do, to break my heart."

My brows crease with confusion.

"How did you know about Seraphina and Fredrik, anyway?"

Nora's lips turn up at the corners, and a look of conjecture appears in her enigmatic brown eyes.

"So it's information that you want," she accuses.

I sigh and shake my head, looking downward at my lap briefly before raising my eyes again.

"Look, Victor doesn't even know I'm in here," I say, "Niklas knows because I told him I was coming. He was against it, but I didn't give a shit. I'm here for reasons of my own. They have nothing to do with Dina or with this whole situation, all right? Believe me or don't, I don't care either way."

She looks at me in a subtle sidelong glance, observing me; my expression, my body language and my mood, searching for the smallest shred of deceit which she won't find because, in a sense, everything I'm saying is true.

In a sense...

There's a long moment of silence and then she says, "How I know things really has no bearing on any of this, so I'll tell you how I knew about Fredrik and Seraphina-just for the conversation." She smiles. "I followed you just like I did Dorian Flynn-following someone really isn't all that difficult, unless it's Victor Faust; I found that out the hard way. But you were easy, especially whenever you'd go off on your own." She pauses and looks up in thought. Then her eyes fall on mine again. "Think back to the meeting you had with Fredrik in Baltimore. The conservatory, particularly the Desert House where you sat with him and talked about Seraphina and Cassia."

Holy shit...I know what she's going to say. Suddenly her face does pop into my mind, a flash of her from the past that I tried desperately to find before, but couldn't.

I remember her now...

"You were the woman with the man and child who walked up when I was talking with Fredrik outside."

She smiles faintly, more proud of me than herself, it seems, which is odd.

"And when we went inside to get out of the cold, you showed up in the Desert House with us, looking like a normal family."

"Very good," she says. "I was in many places following you around that time: the coffee shop where you later met with Fredrik to give him the documents James Woodard found on Cassia Carrington-I actually read the documents before Fredrik did."

My eyes crease with confusion.

"You left them on the front seat of your car," she reveals. "I popped the lock on the driver's side the night before you met with Fredrik while you were snug in your bed with Victor Faust. You didn't even turn the car alarm on."

I try to swallow down the humiliation of my mistakes, but the lump is too large in my throat.

Nora looks at me with a strange expression of empathy.

"I would tell you what I told Dorian Flynn, not to be so hard on yourself, but the truth is-and I only say this because the truth is what you need to hear-but you should be embarrassed. I didn't tell you that you were in over your head because I was only trying to get under your skin, Izabel. You really are in over your head. And sooner or later, you're going to get yourself killed. Or someone else."

I look at the wall behind her head, silent and motionless, lost in thought.

"But you haven't been the only one out of the six of you who was at times easy to follow, easy to fool. Can you give me another drink?" She glances at the water.

Absently, I stand up and take the bottle into my hand, reaching over the table and putting it to her lips. She drinks and then I sit back down, still lost in my own deep thoughts, but at the same time listening to every one of her words and absorbing them.

"Fredrik was a mess," she says. "For a long time, actually. The whole time he had Cassia in his basement. I couldn't find much on him before he found her. But once he did it was like he began to lose himself. He started slipping up, not covering his tracks. He wasn't on alert anymore, looking over his shoulder like Victor Faust does every second of every day. Fredrik was blinded by his love for Seraphina. And for Cassia. Love makes a person vulnerable, even the most skilled, most intelligent, most unbreakable human being. It's just how things are. None of us can help it. Some are better at controlling it than others-Victor Faust, for example. He loves you and hasn't slipped up too much. But that's not to say he won't in due time."

Just like with my conversation with Niklas earlier, every one of Nora's eye-opening words cut me to the bone.

"James Woodard," Nora goes on, "the only kind of love that man has is for his daughters. He's incapable of loving a woman, but it's still love, and it still made him vulnerable. Dorian Flynn-classic case of wanting what you can't have. Poor guy. And Niklas? Well, that one is on a whole other level. He is Victor's brother, after all, and they're alike in many ways." She tries to lean forward instinctively, but ends up just dropping her head somewhat because of her bonds. "Between you and me-unless of course he's listening"-she glances briefly at a camera-"Niklas didn't break. Oh, I do believe that he would have to protect Dina Gregory for you, but he didn't break like that. He didn't have to. Do you want to know why?"

I don't respond, but she knows my answer is yes.

"Because Niklas wanted to tell me about Claire," she answers. "I imagine he's been keeping her bottled up inside for so long that it was slowly killing him. I don't know for sure, but it's human nature and to be expected. We can't hold that kind of pain inside forever. But Niklas didn't break." She shakes her head. "And yes, he wanted to throttle me, but because of what happened to Claire, not because I was forcing him to talk about it."

"How do you know so much?" I ask. "And before you start accusing me of trying to get information-I am for fuck's sake, but it's only because I genuinely want to know for myself. I...I may not be able to help Dina, but...," that lump finally goes down my throat. I pause and say instead, "You're right, Nora; I'm in too far over my head. A part of me wants to fucking kill you-and I still might, don't get me wrong-but another part of me..." I can't bring myself to say it.

I look away.

"You want advice," she says, knowing. "You feel like the little girl sitting at the adult table in this Order. And you resent me because I'm everything you want to be." She catches my gaze, holding it there without effort. "And you're beginning to feel threatened."

And she would be right.

Before Nora, I was the only woman. Not the only woman in Victor's organization, but the only one on the inside, in the Inner Circle. With Nora here, I can't help but feel threatened, and for the life of me I don't understand why. Because she's the enemy.

Suddenly, I wish I had come in here without Niklas knowing because I don't want him to hear any of this.

"Maybe I am," I say-we both know it's true, but we also both know I'm too proud to outright admit it. "And maybe I just want to understand you, how you can be the way you are, know the things that you know."

I pause and then lower my voice to a whisper, leaning over the table. "How the hell did you know about...Mexico?" I don't want to say the incriminating keywords-baby, birth, etcetera-because I know Niklas is listening. "I highly doubt you were following me back then, much less knew I existed."

A cunning smile appears on Nora's lips.

"I'm not giving away all of my secrets," she says simply and leaves it at that.

I didn't expect her to, but it was worth a shot.

"Tell me this," she says suddenly, "did you love him?"

"Who?"

She tilts her head on one side, a look that reads you-know-who plain on her face.

"What does that matter?" I say evasively.

"It's just a question," she says. "It was the past. Did you love him?"

Slowly, I nod.

"I'm not sure how it happened," I begin to explain, looking at the table, "but yes, I did for a time. There were days I couldn't be without him, not because of Izel, but because...I ached inside. Javier was a cruel and brutal man, but he did love me and he was kind to me." I raise my eyes and look right at Nora. "This may be hard to believe, but Javier never once hit me. At least not out of violence or anger. He did punish me...did things to me...sexually, that some might think is violent, but I didn't. At least not after a while."

"You liked it," Nora says evenly.

"I did."

Feeling uncomfortable and too exposed, I snap back to the previous topic, not wanting to go deeper into this aspect than I already have.

"But yes, there was a time that I loved Javier. It's sick, I know. I don't need you telling me that, or looking at me like I'm some kind of freak. You can't understand unless you've lived it, and your words and opinions and accusations mean jack-shit to me. Call it Stockholm syndrome too if you want-whatever-but yes, I loved him for a time." I taper down when I realize how overly defensive I had become.

"I would never judge you in that way," she says. "I know what it's like to be grounded in a life not of your choosing."

She doesn't offer any more than that.

"But you keep saying 'for a time'," Nora goes back. "When did you stop loving him and why?"

I smirk at her and cross my arms, leaning back in my chair.

"I'm not giving away all of my secrets," I say.

She smiles with a nod. "Fair enough."

Then she tries adjusting herself on the chair, finally displaying a look of discomfort, but it doesn't last long.

"You shouldn't feel threatened by me," she says and has my undivided attention. "I didn't come here for that. And I'm not showing off; I was made like this. I've been doing it all my life, Izabel, from the moment I was plucked from between the legs of a mother I never knew. It's like learning your native language-you grow up fluent and it can never be forgotten or erased, and you speak and write and hear it with a perfection that those who don't speak your language can only envy. They can try to learn it later in life, but very few will adapt to it so well that they lose their accent entirely. I was made this way. And I know nothing else. And you, no matter how hard you train, or how good you get, will never lose your accent."

"But that doesn't mean I'm not valuable to them," I say, though still trying to make myself believe it, too. "I don't want to just be Victor's woman, his lover. And I know that everyone else, when they look at me, that's all they see."

"That's something you'll never be able to change," she says. "When I got involved with my first civilian while working in the field, something happened to me that I never expected-I started to care. I saw how this man lived, how he loved his wife, his sons; I envied his monotonous office job and mundane existence. I never had anything like that before. I never knew what it was like-a normal civilian life, because the very first breath I took was filled with training. I mean that in the literal sense-as a newborn, I was in training."

I know I must look aghast, but I can't make myself look any other way.

"That man," she goes on, "when I saw him and his wife with their newborn, I was fourteen-years-old. They hired me on as a babysitter. But the way they loved that baby, the way the mother held it in her arms, stroked his little bald head, kissed his tiny nose; I was intrigued by it because the babies where I came from were not treated with such kindness and love, and it was so foreign to me. Where I come from, from the moment babies are born there's no one to cradle them, or stroke their heads, or sing to them, or pick them up every time they cry. They are fed and they are seen by a doctor to make sure they stay healthy, but no one loves them or thinks they're cute. No one feels guilty about leaving them in their cribs and letting them cry themselves to sleep. They grow up disciplined, hardened soldiers, and they know nothing else. But that man I was sent to kill when I was fourteen, he changed me. Somehow just seeing the way he lived, experiencing it, it infected the soldier in me and made me weak."

Nora looks off toward the wall, a look of anger and animosity at rest in her eyes.

"Did you kill him?"

She looks back at me.

"I killed him and his wife," she says, "and made their sons orphans. I fulfilled my mission. I did what I was told."

I can't tell if it bothers her or not.

"But you can't make Niklas and Dorian and Woodard and Fredrik look at you and see someone other than Victor's woman," she says. "I couldn't make my family, my organization, see me any differently when they found out my emotions had been compromised. I was who I was. And I paid the price for it."

She glances down briefly at her pinky finger, but doesn't elaborate, and I don't think she wanted me to notice.

"I see," I say softly.

"Do you?" she asks. "Or could what you see be a lie?"

She's trying to confuse me now, because she told me more than she intended.

"No, I believe that it's the truth. A lot like Niklas, you wanted to tell me."

She smiles vaguely.

"But how do you know for sure?" she asks. "What makes you think that everything I just told you wasn't me just manipulating you?"

"Because I'm more intimate than most with that look," I say evenly, "and because I'm a professional liar and know the difference."

She nods respectfully.

"Perhaps, Izabel, you should stop worrying about what you don't possess and focus all of your energy on what you do. No one can be good at everything."

I don't offer her a response and I get up.

"Dina Gregory is a nice woman," Nora says. "I really do hope that Fredrik comes." She pauses for a moment, pondering. "My meeting with him I don't expect to go so well, and I'm not too proud to admit that he scares the fuck out of me, but he'll play an important role in my being here."

Intrigued by her admission, I study her for a moment.

"How so?" I ask.

"You'll have to wait and see." Her lips turn up at the corners.

I start to walk away, but Nora stops me.

"What I'm most curious about though," she says with my back turned to her, "is what's taking Victor Faust so long to talk with me. Of course we all have something to hide, even I have done things I'm not particularly proud of, but what do you think Victor's secret could be? What is he afraid of?"

"Victor isn't afraid of anything," I say, turning to look back at her.

She nods reflectively.

"That may be true," she says, "but it makes you wonder what his secret is, just the same, doesn't it?"

She's trying to get under my skin again. And it's working.

I hear the door click unlocked.

"Do you still want to kill me when this is over?" she asks as I'm opening the door.

"I will kill you when this is over," I say, and walk out with her undaunted smile etched in my thoughts.

14

Izabel

Victor and Woodard are in the surveillance room with Niklas when I walk in. They're all looking at me-Niklas shaking his head as if to say I never should've done that; Woodard can't meet my eyes and he looks embarrassed for me; Victor is expressionless as usual, but behind the nothing there is something that maybe only I can see.

"You did good," Victor says. "We know a lot more about her than we did before."

I look away from him and go toward the coffee pot, turning my back to all three of them.

"Yeah, thanks, but I don't need anyone's sympathetic pat on the back."

I pour coffee into a small paper cup. I don't really even like coffee all that much but I need something to do to distract me.

The room grows quiet and then Victor says, "I need to speak with Izabel alone."

Without a word, Niklas and Woodard take up their things and head for the exit.

The second they're gone, Victor drops the professional mask and is the man I know on the inside. He steps up behind me and I feel his hands hook about my waist.

"Is that what you think, Izabel?" he says. "That no one here respects you, that you're just here to share my bed?"

"None of that matters right now, Victor"-I drop two teaspoons of sugar into my cup and begin to stir it with a plastic spoon-"Dina is all that matters to me. I have to get her back. If Fredrik doesn't show, I'll never forgive him."

Stir. Stir. Stir.

Victor places his hand on top of mine and forces me to stop. He pushes the cup to the side. I don't argue about it, but I don't look at him either.

"You are an asset to this organization," he says, turning me around. He looks into my eyes, focused and determined. "I told you a long time ago that it will take you the rest of your life to learn all there is to know. And that many things you'll never fully grasp. But you're still an asset."

I push myself out from in front of him and walk toward the tables with the television screens.

"That may be true," I say. "I may help with things, but the real truth is"-I look over at him when he steps up next to me-"is that you could easily do without me here. Victor, I'm not looking for pity. I'm not waiting for you to tell me how wrong I am and then point out all of the reasons why-Nora is right about me being in over my head. I accept that. I don't want to be lied to. But what I do want...well, I don't want that to be the truth. I want to change it. I want to prove myself an asset and not just wear the crown because I share your bed."

Victor sighs heavily.

"What are you saying, Izabel?"

With my arms crossed, I look back over at him.

"I want you to send me on a mission alone. A real one, not some training mission, but a real, money-paying, kill-or-be-killed mission like you'd send Niklas on. And I don't want your men following me, either. I told you a long time ago, the night I dropped Sarai and became a part of your Order, that I don't need a babysitter." My gaze hardens on him. "And if I do need one, then I don't belong here. I want to be treated like everyone else and not be given special treatment. It's the only way I'll ever truly learn."

The center of Victor's throat moves as he swallows, the outline of his rigid, unshaved jaw shifts as he grinds his teeth.

"I'll think about it," he says.

"No," I shoot back, "you'll do this for me or things between us are going to get complicated."

His greenish-blue eyes become flecked with anger, but it remains settled there.

"You know she's manipulating you, right?" he says about Nora.

"Yes I know that," I answer right away, offended. "She's manipulating every one of us-you don't think I know that?"

He shakes his head.

"You think I went in there to prove a point, only for my plan to backfire?" My voice rises and my demeanor begins to change uncomfortably. "I knew what I was doing when I went in there, Victor. I knew that she'd trust me to open up if she could believe that my act was real, that I truly felt that way. But the thing is, it was easy to pull off not because I'm good at it, not because it's one of my 'skills', but because it was how I felt. I was believable because I wasn't lying. About anything."

"You're not giving yourself any credit at all," he says. "Typical."

"What's that supposed to mean-typical?"

Victor shakes his head. "The things you told Nora may have been true," he says, "but that doesn't mean you didn't accomplish the very thing you went in there for. Just because everything you told her was true, doesn't mean you're not good at what you do."

"And what is it that I do exactly, Victor?"

"Well, for starters, you can't be satisfied with what you can do," he says, his voice laced with accusation and sarcasm. "You've this incessant need to prove yourself, to me, to everyone else. Now you want me to send you on a mission alone. You're not ready."

Neither of us says anything else for several long moments. I don't want to argue about this right now-we have less than six hours left-but it's definitely a topic for later. I won't let Victor forget it and he knows as much.

I feel the warmth of Victor's hand touch my neck as he pushes my hair away from my shoulder and onto my back.

I look over at him.

"You are beautiful, Izabel. Your defiance provokes me. Your mouth infuriates me. Your obsession with independence makes me question everything you do. But I love every single thing about you." He tilts his head slightly; his eyes regarding me quietly for a moment-my stomach flutters and my heart starts to break. "I know I'm not your first anything, but I hope that I'll be your last everything."

There it is-my heart finally broke. Into a million fucking pieces.

I look away from his eyes.

Did Victor hear me tell Nora that I used to love Javier? I know he heard everything-even if he didn't, I'm sure Niklas gladly filled him in.

"I'm sorry," I say, looking back at the screen. "I know I told you once that I never loved Javier, but I was ashamed admitting it back then." I glance at the floor. "I'm still ashamed admitting it."

"You cannot help or control who you fall in love with," he says. "It was a long time ago, and you were in an extraordinary situation, and I cannot fault you for it, or tell you that it was wrong."

My eyes meet his again. "Doesn't it bother you?"

He hesitates and then answers, "No. As I said, it was a long time ago."

We don't say anything to each other for a while.

Then finally I step up closer to him and push up on my toes, kissing his lips.

"You are my last everything," I say softly, my eyes searching his.

He smiles gently and we turn back to look at the screen together.

"On another note," he says minutes later, changing the subject, "putting the information together that I have on Nora and with what you just found out, I'm confident to be able to say that although I still have no idea why she's here or who she's here for, I believe her to be a part of the Shadow Sect."

"What the hell is that?"

We look back into the screen together, watching Nora in her chair, calm as ever.

"More appropriately named SC-4, or Source Contractors Number Four," he begins. "It's an organization more underground than The Order or the black markets. Its purpose isn't to fulfill contract hits, but to produce contractors."

"Produce them?"

"Yes. In the same way that Nora told you, members of the Shadow Sect are born and raised within their organization, trained as assassins and spies from the moment they leave the womb. They have no mother or fathers to care for them. They are born without identities and only later are assigned names. In a sense, Nora Kessler is more experienced than even I am, almost entirely numb to the basic human emotions, like love and sympathy, that would make her weak. My mother and my father may have been agents when I was born, but my mother was loving, and my father, although I rarely saw him, when I did, he treated me as any father would treat his son. I, just as Niklas did, had a normal childhood until we were taken away by The Order to be trained when we were just boys." He nods toward the screen. "But with Nora, a life of killing came as naturally to her as spending time with my father came to me. If she is in fact from the SC-4, and I believe she is, it could mean a plethora of things, and what her business is here with us doesn't even begin to scratch the surface of them."

I glance over at Victor, his gaze focused on Nora, and I notice something in his eyes that makes me uncomfortable, something that feels like...not a sexual attraction that I should be jealous of, but something more like...intrigue. It's as if he's looking in on a rare specimen of sorts, something to be studied because of the wealth of information he can learn from it.

I look back at Nora and I'm engulfed by several different conflicting emotions, none of them positive.

"You mentioned you had something else on her?" I say, trying to ignore it. "Something to add to what I found out?"

"Yes," he says, turning away from the screen entirely, and putting his back to it. "I had Woodard run her DNA through the data files I took with me when I left The Order. I wanted to see if she matched up with any of the operatives that were under me when I worked for Vonnegut." Victor leans against the edge of the table. "There were no matches with any of the operatives, but there was a match with one of our hits."

"Who?"

"Solis," he says. "Six years ago when we first began looking for Solis, like Niklas said when he was confessing to Nora, we did not have anything on this man except that he had been in contact with Claire. But several years later, we were closing in on him and he was shot. He got away and to this day he is believed to still be alive, but because he was shot we were able to get a blood sample."

"Nora's related to this Solis, isn't she?" I ask, my eyes filled with anticipation.

"She is his daughter," he confirms. "The DNA proves it, and the story she told you only solidifies the truth further."

"Who is Solis?"

"He's one of the leaders of the Shadow Sect who breeds people like her."

I look over Victor's shoulder at Nora again.

"So then this has to do with Claire," I say and Victor looks somewhat surprised. And proud. He smiles and I go on. "Other than Solis, Claire is the only other connection." I don't even know why I'm saying this, or how any of it makes sense, but I feel it in my gut to be true.

"I think you're onto something," Victor says, still smiling.

I think he already came to this conclusion himself before I did, but he doesn't want to ruin my 'moment'. I let it slide this time.

"So then do you by chance have a DNA sample on Claire?"

"No," he answers quickly. "Claire wasn't a hit or an assignment of mine so I had no reason to keep records on her."

"But Niklas did?"

"He retrieved samples from Claire, and he turned them over to The Order, but did not keep private records as I did. When he left The Order, all of the information he obtained as an operative, he left behind."

"So then that leaves us at a dead end," I say.

"There are no dead ends," he says. "There is always a trail; sometimes they are just harder to find."

I think about Niklas and Claire again, and all of the things Nora and even Niklas have said to me. After a moment I work up the courage to say, "Do you think that...your love for me is a weakness, Victor? Do you ever worry that your feelings for me could get in the way of what you do?" I don't want to know the answer, but I need to.

Victor fits his hands about my elbows, brushing his thumbs against my skin. He looks into my eyes with a soft, longing look of study.

"If it ever did, I would deal with it."

At first, I'm happy with his answer, until my paranoid mind starts running away with me again.

"You'd deal with it how?" I ask with a nervous tenor in my voice and a look of uncertainty in my eyes.

He sighs and then presses his lips to my forehead.

"Izabel," he says softly, "yesterday I knew what you were going to say but didn't. When you were talking about how I couldn't become someone I'm not simply because I've developed feelings for you."

I look away from his eyes, but he brings both hands up and holds my face within them, reclaiming my gaze.

"I would never kill you," he says with determination and sincerity. "I know my brother has probably filled your head with nonsense-he wouldn't be Niklas if he didn't try to hit you where it hurts the most-and I've known for a while that you still have concerns, but I could never hurt you"-his fingers put pressure on my cheeks-"I don't expect you to simply believe me, just like that, and never think about it again, because you're not naive. You've been through too much to put your full trust in someone so fully and so easily-not even me-and I accept that. But look into my eyes, Izabel"-his hands squeeze my cheeks gently-"look into my eyes and tell me that you don't see a man who would do anything for you. Tell me, with that uncanny ability you have to read others, that you don't see a man who is in love with you, who would kill for you...and a man who would die for you."

I swallow hard; the backs of my eyes are beginning to sting.

Victor's lips fall on mine.

When the kiss breaks, he's smiling faintly at me; his long fingers combing through the hair down the side of my face.

I smile back, giving him my answer.

"Oh Vic-tor," Nora's singsong voice streams through the speaker system, "you can't avoid this forever. Clock is ticking."

We turn around to face the screen together.

"I'm really looking forward to your confession, Faust." She smiles up at the camera.

I look over at him. He's still staring into the giant glowing screen, a deeply contemplative look at rest on his handsome face.

"I hate to say it, but she's right, Victor-there isn't much time."

"There is still over four hours," he says, focused on Nora.

"Are you going to go in there?"

This is the first time I've begun to question Victor on this, letting my naturally suspicious mind run away with me again. What is his secret? Does he even have one? Why is he taking his time about it? But my worst fear-does he really intend to play her game for Dina's sake?

"Yes, I'm going in," he says. "I have enough on her now that I can take in with me."

"What are you-"

The door bursts open behind us and Woodard comes into the room, winded and red-faced, holding up a cell phone in one hand.

"Sarah and Ann-Marie," he says, trying to catch his breath, "my daughters...t-they escaped"-he practically stumbles toward us in his khakis and loafers. Niklas walks in behind him-"t-they just called me."

My heart begins to race.

"What about Dina? Tessa?"

Woodard shakes his head. "No one said anything about them," he says and the sudden surge of hope I felt is snatched away from me just as quickly. "Just my daughters. I asked Sarah while I was on the phone with her if anyone else had been with them where they were kept, but I had to be vague. She said it was only her and Ann-Marie. They're at the police station."

"Shit," I hear Victor say.

One of Victor's pet-peeves is having to deal with the police. It takes a lot more than a cleaner coming in and removing all evidence of a crime in the middle of the night, than having to orchestrate believable stories to tell authorities, and to remove evidence and files from their systems. Sometimes a job like that can take months depending on how many outsiders are involved. And if it makes it onto the news, damage control can be an even longer and more complicated process. I told Victor once that he should invest in one of those 'flashy-thingies' Will Smith and Tommy Lee Jones used in 'Men in Black' to erase everyone's memories-he didn't find the humor in it.

"And they're asking a lot of questions, naturally," Niklas chimes in. He smiles and adds with an air of dry humor, "Oh, and reporters are already outside the police station-imagine that." He would've found my 'Men in Black' joke funny.

"Great," I say with a sigh, "we don't need this shit right now."

"Are they on the phone?" Victor glances briefly at the cell phone in Woodard's hand, and then up at him with a threatening gaze.

That would be a really stupid thing-having them on the other end of the phone while we're discussing this-but sometimes Woodard doesn't use that big brain of his for important things like common sense.

His chins jiggle as he shakes his head rapidly and drops the phone in the pocket of his khakis.

"No, I-I just got off the phone with them," he says. "Sarah called me from the police station. I-I had to pretend I didn't even know my daughters were missing." Thankfully, their mother, Woodard's wife, has been in London the past two days, otherwise she would've reported them missing and the police would've been involved a lot sooner. Also, his daughters are of legal age.

"They need me to come down to the station," Woodard says eagerly, hoping that Victor will grant him permission to leave.

"Victor, no," I say, looking over at him with desperation. "There's no time. It could take hours just for them to file a report and try to recall what happened and to explain it and to-"

"He has to go, Izabel," Victor says and my heart sinks like a stone. "We can't draw any unnecessary attention. If Woodard doesn't immediately go to the police station and"-he looks right at Woodard as if to drill the next sentence into his head-"put on a believable act, they will be questioning him next."

"Not to mention," Niklas speaks up, "we need to know what his daughters have to say about their abduction-who the fuck else is involved, what they look like, how many there are."

I shoot Niklas with a hateful glare. He brushes it off.

He's right though; it's important that we know those things. Extremely important. But I still can't convince myself that this is a good idea. It's cutting it too close. Nora said that all of us had to be in the same room when whoever she came here for realizes why, and would have to confess in front of everyone. First Fredrik still hasn't shown, then Dorian gets thrown in a cell, and now Woodard is leaving? I think I'm going to be sick.

"I will go in and talk with Nora next," Victor says looking at me, trying to ease my mind. "I won't wait until Woodard returns, but I'll have to buy as much time as I can in there with her to give Woodard enough time to send me the information he obtains. I may be able to use it against her as well."

Sighing deeply and spearing all ten fingers through the top of my hair, I stare at Nora in the screen for a moment.

"OK," I give in. I drop my arms back at my sides and march over to stand in front of Woodard. "You listen to me James," I demand, pointing my finger at him. "When you go into that station you need to play the part-you had no idea they'd been abducted, but you're frantic and worried and you don't even hear anyone else other than your daughters at first because you're too busy hugging them, and looking them over for signs of abuse, and asking them if they're OK. You're distraught, James, do you understand?"

He nods briskly several times.

"One hour," I go on, pointing my finger upward. "Don't spend any more time in there than that. Say you want to take your daughters home. Tell them no more questions today. They need to rest. They've been through a traumatic experience. OK?"

He nods again.

"Get them out of that police station," I say, "take them to a hotel somewhere and use one of your other identities to check them in. Then you come straight back here. Got it?"

"Yes, ma'am, I-I got it."

"Do not ever fucking call me ma'am." I feel flames coming out of my eyes.

Niklas chuckles.

"O-OK. Sorry."

I grab my phone from the table in front of the screens where I had been sitting earlier, punch in a number and put the phone to my ear.

"Take two cars and follow James Woodard to the police station," I order one of our men stationed on the bottom floor of the building. "Stay out of sight, but watch his back going in and coming out. Then follow him to the hotel afterwards and watch over the room he leaves his daughters in."

I hang up to three sets of eyes focused on me.

"What?" I ask, confused by their silence and stares.

Niklas laughs and shakes his head but says nothing. Victor's lips turn up vaguely at one corner. Woodard has too much on his mind and just looks eager to leave.

"What are you still standing there for?" I ask Woodard, raising both of my hands, palms-up; my eyes hard and concentrating.

Woodard hurries out the door without another word.

15

Victor

Izabel stops me at the surveillance room door.

"I'm going to try getting in touch with Fredrik one more time," she says. "I swear Victor, if Dina dies because of him-."

I touch the side of her face with my fingertips.

"That will not happen," I tell her, kiss her on the edge of her mouth and leave.

I never would have gone in first. Or second. Or third. And up until this point I intended to go last. When given the opportunity, I learn everything I can about my enemy before I approach them. Or take them out. Woodard was an easy target for someone like Nora. Izabel is too blinded by anger and vengeance to have the kind of patience that I have. Dorian and my brother are both quicker to act than I feel is appropriate-it is in their nature. And Gustavsson-if Nora Kessler can stay alive to meet him face to face-will tell her nothing. It will be the other way around.

Izabel may have to face the death of the woman she loves like a mother.

After punching the code on the door panel, I lock myself inside with a rarity. People like Kessler are not necessarily rare in numbers, only in exposure. To have one like her bound inside a locked room is extraordinary enough, but to have one indirectly admitting who and what she is, is unheard of. If what she told Izabel is true, I believe she will willingly tell me even more. The real question is why.

"Ah, finally the boss-man himself," Kessler says with a smile that might otherwise be intimidating if I could be intimidated by her. "I wondered if you'd come at all."

"Why wouldn't I?"

Placing a hand on the back of the empty chair, I pull it from the table and have a seat, propping my right foot on my left knee. I tug casually on the cuffs of my dress shirt with my fingers, and then place my hands within my lap.

She shrugs. "Oh, I don't know," she says, letting her eyes drift upward in a bored fashion, "because you're more intelligent than the rest of them, I suppose."

"Just more thorough," I say.

She smiles, though it shows more in her eyes than on her lips. "No, I'm pretty sure I'm right. Because, you see, you're not that much different from me, Faust. You did exactly what I would've done-scoped the building out before barging inside blindly."

I say nothing.

"So, you've come to confess," she says. She stretches and curls her fingers against the arms of the chair to relieve some of her discomfort.

"Eventually," I say. "But first we're going to talk about you."

"Oh, we are, are we?" She grins; the light from the ceiling reflecting in the brown of her eyes. "Maybe you forget that this is my game, not yours. You play by my rules."

"I will play within the boundaries of your rules," I say, "until those boundaries become a problem, and then I will cross them." I drop my foot on the floor and lean forward, interlocking my fingers with my hands draped between my knees. "Perhaps you forget that you are the one in the chair."

"I've already told you," she says, losing confidence and replacing it with frustration, "I'm not afraid to die."

I lean back again and cross one leg over the other, smoothing out invisible wrinkles in the leg of my black pants, taking my time.

"Why don't you tell me, Nora Kessler, why someone from the Shadow Sect would be here in my organization, playing games based on a personal vendetta." I look away from my pants and up at her. "SC-4 operatives have no personal vendettas because they have no personal lives or possessions or burdens...unless of course one was...compromised." I glance briefly at her marred pinky finger. "Tell me-what other parts of your body did your father, Solis, mutilate when he found out that you had been compromised?"

A flash of anger crosses her eyes, but she does well to contain it before it does further damage to her self-control. She smiles instead and then glances at her finger momentarily as if it's an insignificant thing.

"I'd be happy to show you," she says sultrily, "if you'd like to see the rest of my body."

A faint smile appears on one side of my face.

"I bet you would," I say.

I can only imagine what Izabel is thinking right now. This is yet another issue where Izabel will have to learn self-control, but I have little confidence in that ever happening; she is a jealous woman by nature-an incapacitating kink in the armor in this business.

"So then you know where I came from," she says, giving up the playful, seductive act. "I knew you'd have that much figured out at least before you took your turn. Yes, Solis is my"-she looks up in thought, pursing her lips contemplatively-"well, I wouldn't go as far as calling him anyone's father; a more appropriate term would be sperm donor."

"How were you compromised?"

"That isn't something you'll get out of me, Faust. It's inconsequential."

"On the contrary," I say, "it is the reason you are here. A personal vendetta. But that raises another question-if you were compromised, how is it that you are still alive?"

"Unlike Vonnegut," she says, "the Sect doesn't immediately kill its operatives because of a mistake. There aren't as many of us, and we are, shall I say...worth a lot more than dispensable operatives like yourself. When one of us makes a mistake, we're punished in ways that your Specialist cannot even fathom. We get one chance to come back from our...lapses in judgment, and then if we still cast suspicion, we go the way of the grave."

"Something tells me," I say, "that you might have gone the way of the rogue."

Her eyes crease with curiosity.

"And what would make you think that?"

"Because you flinched when I taunted you about that finger," I point out. "And because you attacked Izabel when she taunted you. An SC-4 operative does not show anger because they do not feel anger."

Kessler's chest, bound to the chair by paracord, rises slowly as she inhales a deep, concentrated breath.

"You're right," she admits, "I was compromised. And they tortured the hell out of me-you should see my back. But unlike the others who go through what I went through, the treatment had the opposite effect on me. I didn't revert back into the soldier I was bred and born and trained to be"-she grins-"I guess you can say they pissed me the fuck off and I became someone different. I had a mind of my own for a change, and it was so...liberating, Faust." She looks upward at the ceiling; a euphoric expression manipulating her features. She drops her chin and looks back at me. "Freedom to me is how I imagine heroin might feel to an addict. I wanted more of it after I had tasted it the first time. And I was willing to do anything to get it. Kill anyone to keep it." There is a hidden meaning behind her last admission.

"Who did you kill?"

"Whoever got in my way." She smiles.

She will not give up anything she does not want me to know, but by withholding certain answers to my questions, that will give me more clues as to her reason for being here. Any topic she does not want to talk about is surely behind the source of her intentions-how she was compromised, who she killed for her freedom.

"But like I said before," she goes on, "you and me, we are a lot alike. I bet I'm more like you than anyone else in your entire organization, even that beautiful redhead of yours. How long do you think a relationship with her will last?" There is nothing provoking in her question; she seems quite serious.

But I find myself deeply provoked, nonetheless.

"We will not talk about Izabel," I say, "or my relationship with her."

"You love her," Kessler says, and again, she is being honest and not just trying to elicit a reaction from me, which I find peculiar. "I wouldn't know much about love," she continues, "at least not that kind, but if my instincts are as human as the part of me that separated myself from the Sect, then I'd say you do love her. I can see it in your face, as stoic as the mask you wear is." She pauses and then adds, "But do you want to know what else I see when I look at you?"

"No," I answer, and open a hand, palm up, as if to say 'but by all means'.

"You're conflicted," she says. "You love her, but there is still a huge part of you, of who you were before she became a part of your life, who you were for nearly all of yours, that isn't so sure you can do everything it takes to maintain that love. You are, and always have been, a professional, methodical killer, a man of business whose only passion in this life has been to play God." She pauses once more, tilting her blonde head to one side and looking upon me thoughtfully. "And another part of you doesn't intend to tell me anything. It has already made peace with itself in accepting that Dina Gregory is going to die because you're not willing to compromise yourself or your organization just to save a little old woman, even if she's important to the woman you love."

I swallow hard, but maintain my composure.

"Believe what you want," I say. "You cannot manipulate me like you have the others."

"Yes, I know," she says. "You and Fredrik Gustavsson I knew coming in here would be the two who would never cooperate. No matter whose lives were on the line."

"So then if you already knew these things, why are you wasting your time here? What are you getting out of any of this if you know you will not get the confession that you seek?"

A small smirk appears on her face.

"Because whether I get the confession or not," she says with confidence, "I'll still get what I came here for, either way."

"And what would that be?" I know she will not answer, but I ask in case by some chance I am wrong.

"You'll know in approximately three and a half hours," she says.

I just look at her, quietly admiring her as much as I want to kill her. The main reason she is still alive is because of Izabel, but I admit, the more I learn about her and interact with her, the more I want to put her under a microscope-I've never been face to face with a female version of myself. It is intriguing.

"So...about that confession." She winks at me.

I stand from the chair and straighten my shirt, tucked inside my pants.

"There are still three and a half hours that you get to sit bound to that chair," I say. "I'm going to make sure that we use every last minute of them. I hope you have a strong bladder."

"I have a strong everything," she says. "You wouldn't believe how strong my will is."

"That will be for Gustavsson to prove, I suppose."

"If he shows." She has little confidence in that, the same as everyone else, it appears.

"But Victor, there's something I would like to tell you though."

I look at her with inquiry but say nothing in response because something about her offer seems off. Dangerous even.

"I've been watching you for a long time," she begins, "years, and although you're a very difficult man to find and to follow, much less get information on, out of anyone I've ever studied, you are by far the most fascinating."

"Am I supposed to be moved by that in some way?"

"No," she says, "you're not really the type capable of being too moved by anything-Izabel can pull it off clearly, but again, how long that will last is up in the air."

"What is your point?" I say, becoming more intolerant every time she makes Izabel a topic.

"My point is"-she lowers her voice to a whisper; an attempt to keep the embedded mic from picking up her words, though I doubt she cares whether anyone else hears her or not-"that I've never been intrigued by any man before, and seeing as how it's like staring into a mirror, I think you and I could offer each other a very interesting kind of relationship."

I look down at her with a suspicious sidelong glance.

She smiles darkly and says, "We could fuck each other as much as we wanted, and you'd never have to worry about the burdens of loving me, because I'd never love you back. With me you could be who you used to be, never having to worry about my safety, or my...feelings"-her grin deepens-"you could go back to doing the kinds of missions you once enjoyed, the ones on the inside like Niklas used to take, getting intimate with your hit, fucking her until she cries out your name, and coming back to me with no repercussions. Because I don't get jealous."

I shake my head, laughing quietly to myself.

"You are unbelievable," I say. "Is that what you're here for? For me?" I point at my chest; a look of complete and utter disbelief twisting my features. Though I really doubt that is why she is here. "That will never happen," I say, slashing a hand in the air in front of me. "And you don't give Izabel enough credit. She may be new to all of this, but she has more self-control than-"

I hear the door open with boom and see a flash of dark auburn hair whip past me.

Izabel lunges right over the table and spears Nora in the chair like an arrow. The table is pushed violently out of the way, screeching vociferously across the floor as Izabel takes Nora down with her.

"Izabel!" I shout.

Niklas comes running into the room behind me.

Izabel's fists rain down on Nora's head repeatedly; the legs of the chair and Nora's legs bound to them blocking the view as Izabel sits on top of her chest. There's blood on her knuckles when I finally grab her and pull her off.

Nora's laughter fills the room, echoing off the empty walls. She chokes on her own blood, stops to spit it out with her head tilted to one side and commences laughing afterwards.

"I've had it with this psychotic bitch!" Izabel roars with murder in her voice and I know in her eyes even though her back is to me. My hands grip her at the elbows, holding her at bay.

"Get her out of here," I tell Niklas as I turn Izabel around.

She thrashes in my grasp, screaming curses-I knew it was only a matter of time before Izabel cracked.

"That is enough!" I shout after forcing her body around to face me, my eyes filled with fury. I shake her roughly and her auburn hair falls down around her face and into her mouth. "I said stop!"

Finally, as if snapped back into reality, she calms down, but her chest continues to rise and fall with rapid breath. Her face is filled with hatred and pain and retribution.

"Take her out of here," I tell Niklas one more time and then I release Izabel.

She says nothing as she looks into my eyes, but words are not needed to tell me every single thought running through her mind.

Niklas, with his hand folded around Izabel's elbow, takes her out into the hall.

"I should leave you like that," I tell Nora once the door closes behind me and we are alone again.

"Yeah, well, I don't give a shit either way," she says with laughter still in her voice as I approach.

Lifting the chair with her in it, I set it back on all four legs. Blood streams from both of her nostrils, dripping down into her mouth. She licks it with the tip of her tongue and spits onto the floor again.

"You wouldn't happen to have a handkerchief or something in those pockets of yours, would you?" She smiles broadly, blood glistening on her otherwise bright white teeth.

I push the table over next to the wall, leaving Nora exposed in the center of the room. Just her and the chair and the paracord and cuffs; a prisoner sitting underneath a bright fluorescent light with her blood-stained teeth and long blonde hair and leather pants and wicked smiles.

"That woman of yours needs a lot of training, Faust. You can't shadow her forever. You want to, but you can't and you know it."

"You proved your point," I tell her calmly, "but you know that even if you get what you came here for, Izabel's not going to let you leave here alive."

"She will if you tell her to."

"She doesn't always do what I tell her," I say. "And at this point, I see no reason to give her that order."

Nora smiles sweetly, cunningly, and the room grows quiet, thick with curiosity and secrets. What is that look of hers all about? It reeks of anticipation; a calculating woman who knows how to play her cards, not all at once, but one at a time. I get the feeling she's about to play another one.

"You know, Victor," she says and I wait for it, "in the six years I followed you, I may have learned little about you, but I did come across a bit of information about someone else that you may find...interesting."

She has my attention.

I just look across at her and wait.

"You wipe the blood from my face," she says, "and I'll tell you. No games or tricks or anything else in return."

"Why should I believe you?" I walk casually toward her again, my shiny black dress shoes moving over the white tile floor in unhurried steps. "Why would you just give up information to me?"

She smiles lightly.

"Think of it as a down payment," she says.

"For what, exactly?"

"I'll tell you that later."

I do not trust her. Not an ounce. But listening to whatever this information is won't do any harm.

"What is it then?" I slip both hands down into the pockets of my slacks.

"It's about Vonnegut and Izabel."

The resigned expression on my face shifts into blatant confusion. I cock my head slightly to one side.

Nora's smile lengthens. She knows she has more than my attention now.

I pull a small white handkerchief from my pocket that I sometimes use to open doors with to avoid leaving fingerprints, and step up in front of Nora. Pushing her head back with the other hand, I carefully wipe away the blood from her face.

"Go on and tell me," I say, and she does.

16

Izabel

I want to hit the wall out of frustration and rage, but I'm not in the habit of purposely injuring myself. I'm ashamed and embarrassed and I've never wanted to kill someone in my whole life more than Nora Kessler. Izel runs a close second, and she seems like she'd be number one because of the shit she put me through, but Nora, no she's number one in my book because it's more than me who she's fucked with-she took Dina, and now she wants Victor.

Pacing the hallway outside of the room where Victor is with Nora, I scream under my breath, gripping the top of my hair tightly in my fists. I know my face must be beet red and maybe purple.

"Izzy," Niklas says, "you know that shit wasn't right. You played right into her fuckin' hands, doll."

I continue to pace, disregarding his stupid nicknames that would normally make me want to punch him. My jaw hurts from gritting my teeth, my lungs are working overtime and every muscle in my body is so tense I feel like a statue.

"I can't do this anymore," I say, glaring at the floor as my boots move over it, back and forth.

"Well you have to," Niklas says.

I glance up only long enough to see him leaning against the wall with his arms crossed.

Back to focused pacing.

"And Victor thought I was reckless and lacked discipline," he adds. "You beat me by a longshot."

I stop and whirl around in front of him, my fists clenched at my sides.

"I don't need your shit, Niklas," I snap. "I'm getting enough of it from her. I don't need it from you, too."

I don't realize until it's too late that there are tears in the corners of my eyes. I take a deep breath and hold them down.

"My brother's loyal to you," Niklas says now with sincerity rather than ridicule. "I never thought I'd see the day that he would love any woman, Izabel. Never. Screw what Nora said to me when I was in there with her, that shit about me never wanting to be in love, about how I avoided it-that was true for the most part-I didn't want that shit-but the difference between me and my brother was that I was susceptible to it and Victor wasn't."

I don't look at Niklas, but I stop pacing and stand with my back to him, and he knows I'm listening.

"Victor was always the one telling me, when I'd start to get close to a hit or an assignment on my missions, that I needed to be careful. It never happened to him. He warned me, time and time again not to get too involved emotionally. But I didn't listen and Claire ended up dead."

"She didn't end up dead because of you," I point out. "There were other people after her. She would've died even if you'd never met her."

"Maybe so," he says. "But this isn't about me. Look, my brother loves you. He'll do anything to protect you-he was even going to kill me, remember? Jealousy just makes you look bad."

I shake my head, stung by his words.

"Niklas, I didn't go in there and attack Nora just because I was jealous. Yeah, of course it was a part of it, it was the last straw-I just couldn't hold it all in anymore. I tried"-crossing my arms, I look away from him again-"but I couldn't help myself. She has my mother, Niklas! She has come in here and scattered all of our lives around like toys-I can't take it anymore!"

There's a knock on the door from inside the interrogation room. I become quiet in an instant, trying to compose myself and failing.

Niklas punches in the code to let Victor out.

"I've gotta take a piss and find some food," Niklas says, his version of 'I'll let you two be alone'.

He shoves both hands into the pockets of his jeans, the muscles running along his arms hard and defined down at his sides. He walks away down the hall.

I can't even look Victor in the eyes. I look at the floor instead.

"She was only trying to get under your skin, Izabel," he says. "To prove a point."

I raise my eyes to him, filled with anger and exhaustion.

"And a point she proved. Bra-vo." I sneer and begin to pace again.

"Are you...threatened by her?" he asks with heavy curiosity in his voice.

"No," I say, though it's not entirely true. "Victor, I know what just happened made me look like some crazy, jealous, psycho girlfriend, and yeah my reaction was triggered by the things she said to you, but that wasn't the only reason I went in there. I trust you, OK? That's not what this is about-this has gone on long enough. The way she's fucking with all of our heads." I grit my teeth and clench my fists and my breathing picks up. "And you want to know what enrages me the most about all of this? You want to know what really and honestly triggered me going in there?"

I step right up to him.

He doesn't answer, but he doesn't have to.

"I've been trying to find excuses as to why any of us would put ourselves through this," I begin, my voice stiffening with every syllable. "None of us, certainly not you, would even give this bitch five minutes of our time in any other situation. The cleaners would've already mopped her blood up off the floor and gotten rid of her body by now." I pause, trying to steady my breath and to arrange my words because what I'm about to say is going to leave a bitter taste on my tongue. "The only reason any of us are going through this ridiculous bullshit is because of the innocent people we love, because of ties to the outside world that we-I-just can't cut." I slash a hand through the air, angry at the truth.

We stare into each other's eyes for a short but tense moment. There's something else I want to say, about Dina, but I'm afraid. I'm afraid because my heart tells me it's true, and I don't want it to be.

I glance down at the floor again, but only for a fleeting moment when I resolve to lay it out on the table, regardless of how much I fear the truth.

"You have no intentions in confessing to Nora, do you?"

He says nothing.

"What she said is true, isn't it?" I go on, my heart pounding violently. "You're not going to tell her anything because your organization is more important to you than I am."

Victor just looks at me, but I see something shift in his green-blue eyes, something so faint that I can't decipher. I want it to be disbelief, heartbreak, something that would indicate my accusation is wrong and unfounded. But I'm left with nothing. No words. No answer of any kind, which to me can only mean one thing.

I storm away in the opposite direction that Niklas had gone, and leave Victor standing there.

I sit alone outside on the roof of the five-story building, looking down at the city streets; very few cars weaving through them casually this late hour. A stoplight out ahead has been red for five minutes at least; the single car waiting for it to turn green just sitting there patiently. So unlike me, who would've blazed through it angrily by now and flipped the camera off on my way. I laugh derisively to myself thinking about the irony.

The night air is cool, but not cold. A gentle breeze brushes through my hair and although it's not much, it's peaceful and I'll take what I can get. I don't know why I never thought to come out here before; there's no shortage of stress in my life, that's for sure.

The clock is ticking. I don't know what time it is anymore because I left my phone in the surveillance room, but I know the Dark Hour is so close I can feel the weight of it pressing down on my shoulders. I've given up hope in saving Dina from all of this, from my stupid decisions dating back to when I first decided I wanted this life. I could've just stayed with her and lived as normal as anyone else, but I chose a path that, even if by some miracle she lives through this, will always put her in danger. Dina doesn't deserve this. But I was selfish and wasn't thinking about anyone but myself when I chose this life. It doesn't matter that I didn't know she'd be in harm's way, it's still my fault.

The light turns green and the car slowly rolls through the intersection. I watch it until the brake lights blink out when it slips behind a nearby building.

"It's a nice night," I hear James Woodard say from somewhere behind me.

I don't respond and I don't look at him. I sit on the roof with my legs drawn up bent at the knees, my arms wrapped loosely around them, my back in a hunched position.

James sits down next to me, shuffling awkwardly on his weight so he doesn't fall over. The smell of his thick cologne passes me on a breeze.

"I wanted to tell you what Sarah and Ann-Marie had to say. I was startin' to think you'd run off somewhere. Couldn't find you and no one knew where you were."

"What did they say?" I ask, deadpanned. "Your daughters?"

I keep my eyes on the sleeping city.

"Well, seems they only saw Nora," he says. "She was waitin' inside the house when they came back from a friend's. They said at first she claimed she was there to take them to safety, but Ann-Marie didn't trust her and she started screamin' hoping the neighbors would hear. That's when Nora knocked her out cold with the butt of a gun. Sarah stood there watchin', terrified and couldn't move, poor thing-she always was the deer-in-headlights type. Next thing they knew they were in a trunk and rode like that for about thirty, forty-five minutes. She kept them in a house out in the middle of nowhere, tied to some furniture or somethin'. But anyway, they finally got the ropes loose and made a run for it. They hitchhiked on the highway-to think my daughters were out there alone on a dark highway like that, it makes me want to shoot that woman myself."

"Are they OK?" I ask, still looking out ahead.

"Yeah," he says. "She didn't hurt them really. Just scared them mostly. But I'm glad they got free-I don't want to think about what Nora would've done if-." He stops, realizing he's treading all too familiar waters. "Sorry, I didn't mean-"

"It's OK, James. I'm glad your daughters are safe."

I see him nod in my peripheral vision.

"The boss said that Nora must be working alone, or else she would've left someone there with my daughters. They wouldn't have gotten away."

I nod, agreeing with that assessment, but can't find it in me to engage him in conversation. I really wanted to spend this time out here alone, just me and my thoughts, but I don't have the heart or the energy to tell James to leave. He really isn't a bad guy, and I kind of feel sorry for him-he's always trying to make Victor proud of him, or to join in on Niklas and Dorian's casual conversations, but he never really quite fits in. And Fredrik, well James admires him for some baffling reason, to the point of it being kind of pathetic. But Fredrik apparently doesn't believe in friendship so James doesn't have a chance and never will because lions just don't eat with zebras.

"If she's working alone," James says, "that means no one's watching Dorian's ex-wife, or your mom. If she dies here, that means there's no one out there to hurt them."

"Or, it means that their bonds were tighter, or they were locked in a room and can't get out," I say, "and if Nora dies then she can't tell us where to find them and they'll die anyway."

James shifts uncomfortably next to me, knowing that I'm right.

"Or, it means that she isn't working alone," I go on, my gaze still fixed on the street, "and that your daughters getting away was all just part of her plan."

I glance over. James has that look on his chubby face, the one where he feels stupid and regrets saying anything.

"I'm sorry, James," I say. "I know you're trying to be positive and I appreciate that. I really do"-I sigh long and deep and change the subject-"I really hate that woman. I've said it a hundred times, to Victor, to myself, but I feel like I can't say it enough. I hate her but at the same time, I wish I was more like her."

"Why?" He seems shocked by such a ridiculous confession. "She's just a manipulative, wicked leech, Izabel. She gets off on messing with people's heads. You're so much more woman than she is. And I think you're sexier, too."

I glance over again and he's grinning dopily.

I allow him a faint smile, just enough to let him know that I appreciate that, but it fades just as quickly.

"She's almost everything I want to be," I admit, looking out at the dark, quiet city again. "She knows what she's doing. And she's good at it-I wish Victor had more time to train me. To be better. I thought I was doing all right for a long time, but with Nora being here, pulling out every single fucking one of my flaws-even ones I didn't know I had-and flashing them around, I just don't feel so good about myself anymore. I feel like I've taken ten steps backward."

"Then do something about it," he says. "At least you can fix your flaws. You're young and beautiful and healthy. Me"-he points at himself with both chunky hands-"I'm not so easy to fix. I'm a disgusting fat fucker who gets winded going up three flights of stairs. And I'm too old and too unhealthy to lose weight or better myself at all, really. My hair is almost gone. I'm unfaithful to the only woman who has ever really put up with my shit. It'd take more than a treadmill and hair implants to help me."

"First of all," I say, pointing my finger at him, "don't call yourself a disgusting fat fucker. I admit you're not exactly my type, but you're a good guy, James. A little creepy sometimes and you need to work on your dependent personality, and, Jesus Christ lose that choke-the-fuck-out-of-me cologne, but otherwise there's nothing wrong with you-and you must be doing something right with the ladies-you have enough kids." A grin sneaks over my lips briefly. He blushes. "You're a good father-I never had one. And you're an asset to Victor. He wouldn't have you here involved in this business, trusting you with top secret information, if he didn't think you were important and had something worthwhile to contribute. So, don't be so hard on yourself."

"Hmmm," he says, "sounds like somebody should take her own advice."

I look at him and hold my gaze this time.

"You think someone like Victor Faust would keep a woman around just because he was sleeping with her, or had feelings for her?" he says, making a point that I easily get. "He's too careful, and has way too much invested in this to make mistakes like that. If he didn't think you were an asset, he may still be in love with you, but you'd be more like a Tessa than an Izabel."

My gaze drifts as I sit in thought.

"So, whatever you're unhappy with about yourself," he goes on, "just fix it."

A black car pulls up in front of the building below and the headlights shut off. Pushing myself to my feet, I look down from the roof of the building to see a tall, dark-haired devil getting out of the driver's side door.

"Holy shit...it's Fredrik." I'm so shocked all I can do for a long moment is stare from the rooftop at the top of Fredrik's head until he disappears from my sight heading into the building.

James gets to his feet with difficulty.

"Are you sure?" he asks once he's standing upright.

We're five-stories up and it's dark, but I know that's Fredrik. I just know it.

"Definitely. Let's go!"

I walk briskly toward the rooftop door. James follows closely behind, the sound of his dress pants shuffling over the concrete as he tries to keep up. Placing both hands on the lever handle running horizontally across the door, I give it a heavy shove and it swings open, hitting the brick wall behind it with a bang that echoes through the stairwell far out ahead of us.

"Wow, I...didn't really think he was...gonna show!" James says from behind, winded.

I take the steps one at a time, but quickly, until we reach the industrial-sized elevator.

"I didn't either," I say once James is inside with me.

The door slides closed and the elevator moves with a slight jolt. The light above us flickers for a moment until the elevator settles.

"Looks like the game just changed in our favor," he says with an air of excitement. "She may have met her match."

"That's what worries me," I say, staring at my warped reflection in the silver elevator door. "Nora was right about Fredrik-he won't break. So, if he can't break her, we'll never know where she's holding Dina. And he might kill her."

"Oh, I think Mr. Gustavsson will definitely break her," he says with confidence and a smile in his voice.

"I'm not so sure this time..." I say distantly, worried.

"Well, either way," James says, "things just got more interesting."

"Yeah...they have..."

17

Izabel

I burst through the door at the end of the hall, engulfed by bright lights and shiny tile and white walls. James is behind me. As we're hurrying down the long stretch of hallway, I see three tall figures appear at the other end-Fredrik, carrying a briefcase, is in front of Victor and Niklas. He's dressed in a posh black suit and shiny black shoes; a gorgeous, frightening man who was once my friend and who I loved like a brother.

My breath catches when his eyes sweep over mine so briefly that I begin to question if it ever happened at all. My steps slow as we draw closer. I feel like this is my first time ever laying eyes on him, as though I never laughed with him or helped him when he was at his weakest-he is a different man, I've known this for months, but only now am I seeing just how different, because I feel like I don't know him at all and never did. He scares me. In the deepest depths of my soul, he truly scares me...but I still love him.

Victor and Niklas look at me simultaneously as I walk up; Niklas with a grim look in his eyes full of anticipation but little hope; Victor with...nothing, as usual, and now more than ever it's really beginning to bother me.

Fredrik punches the code on the door panel and says nothing as he disappears inside the room with Nora. The sound of the door shutting softly is the only sound for a long time as the rest of us just stare in the direction of where Fredrik just stood. We look at each other once more, all wondering the same thing-can he break her, and if not, will he kill her? The answer is yes to at least one of those questions.

Without a word, I break into a full-on run down the hallway, dashing past Victor and Niklas and heading toward the elevator. But then as I approach it, I take a sharp left and go for the stairs instead because I think I can run faster to the fifth floor than the elevator can take me there.

In under a minute, I'm pushing my way through the surveillance room, around a rolling chair and to the television screens on the tables.

Victor, Niklas and James join me shortly after.

"Where's the volume on this thing?" I ask anxiously, running my hands along several different buttons and then the computers. I know where it is, have even used it myself before, but my mind is so scattered right now by the turn of events that I'm not thinking straight.

Calm down, Izabel...this is the worst time to lose your head.

Victor steps up next to me and clicks a computer mouse a few times until Nora's voice gradually fills the surveillance room.

Fredrik says nothing.

Calmly and methodically, he opens his black briefcase on the table pushed against the wall. A shiver moves up my spine and an uncomfortable chill settles in the pit of my stomach when I see his 'tools' and syringes and the stuff of nightmares, all fixed perfectly inside the case, each piece placed in its spot with fine precision.

"Izabel," Victor says beside me, "you shouldn't get your hopes up on this."

I glance over. "Why? Because even if Fredrik breaks her-or confesses-you're going to be the one who gets Dina killed?" I look back at the screen, not knowing if my accusation cut him or not.

I love Victor-I love that man so fucking much-but right now, I can't even look at him.

And the only faces I see, or want to see, are Nora and Fredrik's.

Leaning on the table with my palms pressed against it, I stare into the middle screen, consumed by what's going on in that room, but afraid to watch just the same. I feel like I'm in a movie theatre, watching a horror film, knowing that at some point I'm going to have to cover my eyes and watch through the slits in my fingers. I've never been able to stomach seeing the things that Fredrik does to people during an interrogation. And I never will. I may be a killer, I may have seen and experienced many horrific things, but some things you just never can get used to.

"What shall I call you?" Nora says from her chair with a deep smile in her voice and equally on her lips. "The Specialist? Interrogator? Or perhaps,"-she narrows her eyes and looks at him in a sidelong manner, preparing to push a button-"The Jackal?"

Fredrik doesn't flinch. Just watching him as he moves certain tools from the briefcase to the table with absolutely no emotion, tells me that he isn't even flinching on the inside, either.

"How about a first name basis then?" Nora offers with a restricted shrug. "Since you're about to get very personal with me, I think it's only fair."

No answer. Not even the skirting of an eye.

Fredrik very casually removes his suit jacket and lays it neatly across the table about a foot away from the briefcase. Then he breaks apart the buttons on the cuffs of his dress shirt, very slowly, as if he were just coming home from a day at the office and is preparing to shower. He rolls his sleeves past his elbows. Still, he doesn't look back at her, or say a word, or even remotely show a sign that he hears anything she's saying.

But Nora doesn't seem to be discouraged-her smile just gets brighter, her eyes seem to fill with intrigue and playfulness.

If I were the one in the chair, I would've pissed myself already.

"What, no conversation?" Nora taunts. "No dinner and a movie before our first kiss? I happen to like the foreplay, Fredrik, so maybe you could give in a little."

He snaps a pair of white latex gloves onto his hands.

Then he approaches her casually with a pair of pliers.

Oh god...not the teeth.

He always pulls the teeth. I can't imagine what he went through as a child to make him take so much pleasure in pulling his victim's teeth.

Nora's eyes skirt the pliers as he walks up, and I expect to see even the smallest inkling of fear in her face, but I don't.

Her mouth turns up on one corner.

Without a word, Fredrik takes Nora by the chin, digging his long fingers into her jaw and forcing her head back on her neck. Her mouth opens as he squeezes, but Nora doesn't scream or cry or beg. She does nothing. Only when he clamps the pliers around one of her back teeth does Nora begin to show signs of discomfort. She gags as the pliers hit the back of her tongue, and then she cries out a little in response to the pain as he wrenches the pliers back and forth, side to side, until he gets the tooth out.

"Goddamn!" Nora shouts; laughter mixed with pain. Blood drips down her chin. "Not one word? Talk about playing hard to get."

Fredrik walks casually back over to the table where he drops the tooth.

"You have thirty-one more of these," Fredrik says impassively, approaching her again. "Now tell me, where are the people you abducted?"

Nora smiles and doesn't answer.

He gags her again and removes another back tooth.

Two more teeth later, he begins to change his questions.

"Where did you get your information on Dorian Flynn?"

Nothing.

"Where did you get your information on Victor Faust?"

Nothing.

"Where did you get your information on Niklas Fleischer?"

Nothing.

He takes out another tooth.

"Fuuuck you!" she growls. Her breathing is rapid and unsteady. Blood pours down her chin and from the corners of her mouth.

He finally has her attention.

"Where did you get your information on James Woodard?"

Still nothing when he finally gets around to naming me.

Nora spits blood at him, and he pulls away from her with a blood-flecked white dress shirt.

Seeing that Nora may need something more intense than the pulling of her teeth, I step away from the screen and put my back to it when I watch him retrieve a vial of needles from his briefcase.

I can never watch this. Just the thought of needles being shoved underneath anyone's fingernails, makes me shake.

A minute later, Nora's screams are so blood-curdling that I have to cover my ears, pressing both hands firmly over them.

Suddenly, the surveillance room door swings open and I'm outside in the hall. James joins me.

"Jesus fucking Christ," he says, trembling underneath his plaid shirt with sweat at the armpits, "I just can't watch that."

"I thought you admired him," I say, still trembling.

"I do," he says as he slips a finger behind the neck of his shirt and pulls it away from his skin, "but I never claimed to be able to stomach what he does. I admire him because he's not afraid of anything. Because everyone I know is afraid of him."

Nora's screams make it to my ears out in the hall since the surveillance room door is still open. I clasp my hands against the sides of my head again, wincing.

Niklas appears in the doorway and starts to close it after seeing how much it's affecting me, but I shake my head and stop him.

"No," I say, "leave it open. I want hear if she says anything."

"Are you sure, Iz?"

"Yeah," I nod in a rapid, uneasy motion. "I'll be fine."

He shakes his head with a sigh as if he doesn't really believe me, and then goes back inside to watch with Victor.

Thirty minutes later I'm sitting on the floor in the hallway with my back pressed to the wall and my knees drawn up.

And Nora still hasn't answered a single question.

I'm starting to fear for her. I may want her to die, but I wouldn't want to die like that and I just wish she'd talk. Say something to ease her pain and mine.

"What's he doing?" I hear Niklas say with curiosity.

Hesitantly, I get up from the floor, and with a bit of talking myself into it, I go into the room to look at the screen.

Fredrik has cut her out of her bonds and unlocked the cuffs from her ankles and wrists.

"I won't tell you anything," Nora says in a pain-filled, raspy voice as he forces her to stand on her feet.

She doesn't struggle or even try to get away, but I think the pain she's coping with has a lot to do with it.

"Faust tells me you're a daughter of the SC-4," Fredrik says, as calmly as ever. He strips off her black silk shirt and walks her over to the wall. She doesn't struggle when he presses her against it. "Raise your arms," he says, and she does.

Her hands are stained with blood, the tips of her fingers swollen and red. Her body shakes pressed against the wall from the front. But still, she doesn't relent. She's in undeniable pain and I know she wants to end it, but she doesn't break.

My god...her back...what did they do to her?

Nora's back is covered in deep scars, crisscrossing in a horrific pattern from one shoulder to the other and from the top of her spine to the top of her hips. Old scars. Made by a whip of sorts, or maybe even a blade-from the looks of them, probably both.

Fredrik slips a knife underneath her bra straps and cuts them off. The black bra falls to the floor, leaving her exposed.

"It was a question," Fredrik says from behind her. "Are you a member of the Shadow Sect?"

Fucking answer him! I scream inside my head. Please, Nora!

I don't know why I care, but I do.

Answer him!

"Yes," Nora says. "My father was Solis."

"And where is Solis now?"

"I killed him."

So that's who she killed for her freedom. That's who she wouldn't tell Victor about.

Victor and Niklas glance at each other.

"Is she talking?" James asks as he decides to join us again.

"Yes," Victor says, staring at the screen, "but she's only telling him things she wants us to know."

I look at Victor, as hard as it is to tear my eyes away from the screen.

"What are you saying?" I ask.

"I don't think he's going to be able to break her," Victor says. "She'll tell him some things, just to ease her pain, but she's not going to tell him anything crucial to why she came here."

"Maybe you're wrong," I say.

"I could very well be, Izabel," he says, finally looking over at me. "I hope that I am."

He looks back at the screen.

It takes me a second longer, but finally I do too.

"And why are you here?" Fredrik asks Nora.

She doesn't answer and so he starts to cut, opening a fresh wound on her already disfigured back flesh.

My hands are trembling.

"How did you know about Izabel Seyfried?"

She cries out in pain, tears streaming from her eyes.

"I didn't!" she says, shocking me into submission. "I knew some things about her. I knew enough! I found out what everyone else knows. About her being a sex slave in Mexico. About Javier. And I put a logical scenario together based on her circumstances. I didn't know her secret. I didn't know until she told me herself! Just like with Dorian Flynn!"

I can't move. I can't breathe. It takes me a long time to raise my focused gaze from the screen to look at Victor and Niklas.

"She didn't know," I say absently, more to myself than to them. "How...how did she-."

"She really is good," James says.

"And what of Niklas Fleischer?" Fredrik inquires, pressing the blade of his knife to her back but not cutting it. "How did you know about Niklas and Claire?"

"The same way I knew about Izabel and Dorian!" she shouts. "I did my research. I had six years to follow all of you. Six years to plot this very night!"

"Did you tell Fredrik these things?" I ask Victor. It dawns on me that for Fredrik to know about any of this, for him to be able to ask these specific questions, that he must've talked to one of us.

"Fredrik has been on his way here since yesterday," Victor answers. "I didn't know until tonight. He was in Sweden. When he arrived at the airport here, he called me and I filled him in."

"Why didn't you tell me?"

"Because you wanted to be left alone."

"And because you couldn't be found," Niklas chimes in. "I tried calling you, until your phone vibrated on the table next to me."

I look back at the screen.

"Why are you here, Nora Kessler?" Fredrik asks. "And where is the location of Dina Gregory and Tessa Flynn?"

She doesn't answer.

He cuts her again, and although the act itself is enough to bring Nora to her knees, what strikes me the most is that she doesn't move. Nora is unbound. Nothing is keeping her from fighting back, from rounding on Fredrik and taking that knife from him to protect herself. Yet, she does nothing. She willingly stands against that wall with her arms raised above her, and is letting Fredrik torture her. I know she can fight. She would very likely give Fredrik a tough time. She did all of us. She proved she has enough skill to fight back and keep Fredrik from hurting her. But she doesn't move.

"She's not going to break," I say with realization, my gaze fixed on the screen. "Victor...she's not going to tell him. She's letting him do this to her..."

Fredrik's going to kill her.

I burst out of the room, nearly tripping over that stupid rolling chair on my way out, and take off down the stairs.

"IZABEL!" I hear Niklas call out after me.

But I don't stop. I keep on running until I make it to the third floor, and I run up to the door and punch in the code.

"Izabel! What the fuck are you doing?" Niklas is coming up behind me. "STOP!" his voice booms through the hall.

I rush into the room.

"Fredrik, don't you fucking kill her!" I scream. "I can't let Dina die! PLEASE!" Tears pour from my eyes.

He doesn't even look at me.

Nora shrieks as he cuts her.

"CONFESS!" she cries out just as Niklas, Victor and James burst into the room behind me. "I say nothing until I get my confession!"

Fredrik cuts her again.

I look to and from Victor and Fredrik, my eyes filled with desperation and conflict.

Nora's body begins to slide downward toward the floor, her bloody hands leaving smears against the brick.

Tears stream from my eyes. Dina...

I feel like I'm going to faint.

"Stop," I hear Victor's voice.

A sudden uncanny silence fills the room when Fredrik stops. I'm afraid to look up, afraid to see that Fredrik's blade finally went across Nora's throat.

But I look anyway.

And she's alive.

Nora falls the rest of the way against the floor; her blood staining everything.

Fredrik steps aside and Victor moves closer.

"Confess you sonofabitch," Nora says, looking right at Victor.

I look at him with confusion, but he looks at no one other than Nora.

"You know I'll do it," Nora says, gasping for air. "You know I'll let them die."

She will. If she could withstand Fredrik's torture, the torture the SC-4 inflicted on her, I know she will...

Niklas steps up beside me. I feel his hand hook around my waist so he can hold me up. I didn't even realize I was on my way to finding the floor, too.

"Wait! What about Dorian?" I call out. "He has to be here-."

"She doesn't care if Flynn is here or not," Victor says, still only looking at Nora. "The only person in this room she cares hears what I have to say...is my brother."

I look up at Niklas standing next to me and I feel his hand go slack on my waist. He's looking right at the back of Victor's head with confusion at rest in his eyes.

"Confess!" Nora says one last time through a heavy breath and with trembling hands.

"I killed Claire," Victor says with his back to us. "I killed the woman my brother loved."

Niklas' hand completely falls away from my waist.

18

Izabel

Unable to speak, or find my thoughts, I look back at Niklas with a look of shock on my face that quickly turns to heartbreak.

Niklas doesn't move. He just stands there in some sort of incomprehensible void. His arms down at his sides. Is he looking at me? Or is he looking at Victor behind me? Whatever he's looking at I know he doesn't see it.

I've never felt so guilty being alive.

"Claire was my sister," I hear Nora's exhausted and pain-filled voice say. "I loved her. She was my weakness. She was why Solis cut off the tip of my finger, why I was beat to near death for being compromised. I was supposed to be reformed by what they did to me. But it only made me worse, brought out a part of me that not even watching Victor Faust shoot my sister dead, brought out. I was there that night. Six years ago. I was there when Victor arrived before Niklas, and killed Claire and the men who were sent to kill her, before I could save her."

My eyes dart back and forth between Niklas and Victor. My hands are shaking. My insides feel twisted and sour. I shake my head repeatedly, not wanting to believe what I just heard, hoping to shake the truth from my mind.

Niklas still hasn't moved.

Victor finally turns to look back at him.

"Nothing I can say will ever make this right, brother," Victor says to Niklas.

"Then don't say anything," Niklas says as he raises his head and his eyes lock on Victor's, "...brother. Don't say anything to me, or I'll kill you myself."

Victor just looks at him and I'm choking on the tension in the room.

Niklas turns and goes to leave.

"Wait..." I come up behind him, collapsing my hand about his wrist, "Niklas-."

"Leave me alone, Izabel," he says calmly, pushing my hand away and then he heads for the door.

James, riddled with the same kind of shock as me, steps out of his way, mostly for fear of Niklas moving him out of the way.

"Will you be needing anything else?" Fredrik asks Victor, uninterested in everything that has transpired.

It takes me a long time to break away from Niklas and my desperate need to run after him, to console him, and finally I look back at Victor and Fredrik and Nora.

Fredrik is standing at the table, cleaning off his tools with a rag and a small spray bottle filled with bleach solution, and then placing the items back inside the briefcase.

Victor looks at Nora.

"Where are they?"

"429 South Padre Drive," Nora answers. "24 Arlin Avenue is where you'll find the daughters"-she still has no idea that James's daughters escaped-"and the old lady-12421 Griffins Street. All of them are here in Boston."

Victor turns to James.

"Take some men," he demands. "Go with them and call me as soon as you see them well and alive." He looks back down at Nora as James is leaving hurriedly out the door.

"That will be all for now," Victor tells Fredrik even though he's not looking at him. "But don't go anywhere. I have another job for you."

Fredrik nods, takes up his briefcase and walks past us.

He doesn't even look at me and it cuts me to the bone.

As much as I want to run out after him just like Niklas, I don't. And right now if I had to choose which one of them to run after, it would be Niklas.

"How does it feel?" Nora asks icily from a puddle of blood on the floor. "To lose someone you love? I told you that I'd get what I wanted either way."

And she did-if Victor didn't confess, he would've lost me because of Dina, but because he did confess, he lost his brother.

I don't know what to think, or how to feel, or who to blame, or-I don't know anything and it's killing me inside. The man I thought I knew, the man I love with everything in me, isn't who I thought he was. I think...

I don't understand any of this!

"Victor?" I say, stepping up behind him. "Why?" It's all I can get out.

"I will tell you later," he says. "Now isn't the time."

I'm so angry with him. Who the hell is this person? I'm so confused. He chose me. He chose to confess to save Dina because he loves me. But why do I feel so awful? Why do I want to run away from all of this and hide?

"We are even," Nora says-her face is beginning to swell from the back teeth Fredrik removed.

Victor pulls his gun from the back of his pants.

I step up in front of him.

"Don't," I tell him. "Let her speak-we have to wait anyway in case she lied about the addresses." I can't believe I'm even having to tell him this; he knows these things better than I do, so his quickness to want to end her life tells me just how angry he really is inside. So angry that he's blinded by it, which is a rare thing to see in Victor.

His eyes pass over mine and he gives in, leaving the gun hanging down at his side.

I turn to Nora.

"Say what you have to say," I tell her. "I can't stop him from killing you, and honestly I don't really want to after what you've done to us, but say what you have to say."

Nora grimaces as she scoots over to sit against the wall, pressing her shoulder to it instead of her wounded back. She stops to catch her breath and let the pain move through her before she starts to speak.

"Claire was born with a defect," Nora says. "A heart murmur. Anything that could potentially put one of us at risk, or compromise our missions later in life, would make us unfit to be part of the Sect. When Claire was born, she was sold as an infant to a family through an adoption. It's how the Sect made some of their money-selling the defect babies instead of killing them. Because they're just babies there's nothing for them to have seen or remember about the Sect, so they aren't considered a threat. Just money-makers."

I sit down on the chair and listen intently.

"But the defects are watched all their lives by the Sect," she goes on. "Just as a precaution. I was commissioned to be the one who watched Claire. I didn't know she was my sister until much later, but to make a long story short, I found out through a blood test after I had befriended her, and something inside of me...changed. She was a sweet girl. Innocent"-she eyes Victor coldly with blame-"I became protective of her. And because she was my sister, I started lying to the Sect about everything. They found out. And that's when they realized I had been compromised."

She struggles to adjust her position but just ends up slouched against the wall in the exact same way. She takes a deep breath and continues.

"I went rogue after they tried to reform me. Solis and the SC-4 couldn't find me. Not a trace even when I was in plain sight-I learned from the best and I used every skill that I was taught to evade them." She lowers her eyes. "But I couldn't stay away from Claire. I wanted to protect her, because I knew the Sect would eventually go after her if they couldn't find me. Claire knew I was her sister, but I never told her what else I was, or who was after her, so it was hard in the beginning to make her believe me when I told her she was in danger and I convinced her to move. But she did and I made sure she was safe while I let her live her life. Claire fell in love-with Niklas-and I was intrigued by it so I never tried to put a stop to it and I never had any suspicions. I was free, experiencing a strange new life-from the shadows, of course; I couldn't involve myself any more than I had-feeling a plethora of emotions that I'd never felt before. And it made me weak, my intrigue made me blind. Eventually they found her and came for her."

"Those men in the house," I say, "were they part of the SC-4?"

"Yes," she says, and then she eyes Victor again, "but they weren't the only ones sent to kill Claire."

I want to look back at Victor, too, but I can't will myself to do it. I have so many questions for him, and I know that he holds all of the answers that will put everything else to rest, but like he said, this isn't the time or place.

I stand from the chair and pace the tile in my boots, my arms crossed over my chest.

Then I stop and look down at Nora again.

"Why didn't you just kill me, or Niklas?" I ask. "If vengeance is what you wanted, why this elaborate game?"-I gesture a hand in front of me-"Why spend six years of your life plotting and spying not only on Victor and Niklas, but on the rest of us? Why not just take one of us out?" I manage to look at Victor this time, wondering if he might be thinking the same thing. His eyes pass over mine slowly, as if he wants to keep them there but doesn't feel right about it, and then he looks back down at Nora with all the hatred he can muster in a seemingly emotionless face.

Nora forces herself from the wall, a grimace twisting her features as she sits upright. She never tries to cover her naked breasts, but I guess I wouldn't care much about shame either if I had just been tortured.

"I didn't just come here for vengeance," she says and looks right at Victor. "I came here because I want to join your Order."

I feel my eyes widen in my face.

I look over at Victor, wordless.

"You've got to be kidding me," Victor says.

"No," Nora says, shaking her head slowly, "actually I'm very serious. Why do you think I did all this?" She tries to gesture a hand, but pain shoots through her when she lifts her arm. She drops it back down. "This was my way of proving my abilities. And what better way to show you all what I'm capable of than to give you the grand tour?"

Victor shakes his head with disbelief.

"You are insane," he says.

I'm not so sure...

"You could use someone like me in your organization, Faust," she goes on. "I am everything you've ever wanted in an operative, Victor"-her words burn me even if it wasn't her intention-"and you can't deny it as much as you despise me right now. I have proven myself in more ways than one and even willingly allowed myself to be tortured by the man whose very name spreads fear and paranoia through anyone who hears it in our underground world-I cannot be broken." She narrows her gaze on him and adds, "And I can no longer be compromised," and for a moment she is the same cunning, wicked woman she had been before she was tortured.

I look at Victor. He looks only at her. And while it's probably just to maintain his unwavering hatred for her, it still makes me uncomfortable. But I brush it off because I want to be strong. I want Victor to know that I trust him and that I'm not threatened by her. Even though I am.

"Why in the hell would you want to work for the same man who killed your sister?" I ask.

"Because it is in the past," she says as her eyes fall on me, though her head remains facing Victor. Then she looks at him again. "And because, like I said, we're now even."

Victor's gaze breaks and he steps up to me and takes me gently by the arm.

"Let's go," he says, and walks with me toward the wide open door.

I follow alongside him, looking back at Nora as she tries to get to her feet.

"You need me!" she shouts. "You know I'm a rare and valuable weapon, Faust!"

With any other person I might think her delusional and conceited hearing a claim like that, but with Nora, it's absolutely true-she is a rare and valuable weapon.

But that doesn't mean shit to me.

Hopefully it doesn't to Victor.

"I would teach Izabel everything I know!"

I stop for about two seconds upon hearing her words, but continue walking right out the door with Victor tugging on my arm.

"I HAVE NOWHERE ELSE TO GO!" she calls out as the door begins to close. "YOU NEED ME!"

The door shuts off her voice in an instant.

Victor stops me in the hallway.

"She dies as soon as we know that they're safe," he says.

He won't look at me. Silence fills the narrowed space.

"Why did you kill her?" I ask softly. "Why did you kill Claire?" My heart breaks all over again recalling the look on Niklas' face when Victor confessed.

Victor sighs and looks at the wall behind me.

"I was ordered to kill her," he says. "Vonnegut wanted her dead before anyone else got a hold of her and got the information that he needed on Solis. Niklas wasn't providing results. It was just a matter of time that The Order would take him out of the assignment and either put Joran Carver in his place, or eliminate her altogether. Joran was going there that night to replace Niklas, but The Order found out that another organization was on its way for her, too. I was sent to intercept and to take her out. I didn't know my brother was in love with her." He pauses, thinking back to something it seems. "I didn't know until I saw that look on his face when he got out of the car, when he knew that Claire was dead. I was going to tell him that night that I was the one who ended his assignment, but when I saw that look, I couldn't bring myself to do it."

I reach out and touch the top of his hand with my fingertips.

"But Victor...you have to tell Niklas the truth."

"I can't," he says and then finally looks into my eyes. "I can't tell him the truth without telling him all of it."

Confused, I ask, "What's all of it?"

His gaze strays from mine again.

"That I still would have killed her even if I had known he loved her."

My hand falls away from his as if I were touching something hot. I rest it back at my side. My eyebrows slowly crease in my forehead. I don't want to believe him, but I know it's true.

"I was a different man then, Izabel. I was given an assignment and I always followed through. I asked no questions because it was my job. And...," he hesitates, staring off at the wall as a memory moves through his mind, "...Niklas meant everything to me. He's my brother. I killed our father to protect him from Vonnegut and I would have just as easily killed Claire to protect him, too. From what you already know about The Order, you know that if Vonnegut ever found out that Niklas loved Claire, Vonnegut would have ordered his death. So yes, if I had known he loved her, I still would have killed her to save him."

My heart aches. I look at the floor and just stare at it for the longest time until spots appear before my eyes, letting Victor's words roll over tumultuously in my mind. Words that in a cruel way, make sense, but still cannot be justified. I don't know whether to agree with him or blame him. I can't choose whether to console him, or leave him to fend for himself alone with his guilt. I want to hold him and tell him that it wasn't his fault...but it was. I want to tell him that Niklas will forgive him if he would just tell him the truth, all of it even, but my heart tells me Niklas will not be so forgiving. I want to blame Niklas because he's always been so hateful toward me and I want to side with Victor because I love him, but I can't.

"I will deal with my brother in time," he says. "Right now, I want the rest of this resolved. Dorian must be dealt with. And I'm giving you and only you the job of killing Kessler."

"Why me?"

He reaches up and touches the side of my face, brushing his fingers lightly against my skin. "You deserve the honor. And because I happen to love you, and I have no use for her."

He presses his warm lips to my forehead and then walks away.

I used to know what was right and what was wrong. I may not always have reacted to a situation appropriately, but I always knew, and was prepared to face the consequences of whatever decision I made. But right now, in this moment as I watch Victor get farther away and disappear at the end of the hall, I...don't know anything anymore. Except that I love him.

Pressing my back against the wall, I slide down and sit on the floor with my knees drawn up. And I stare at the door in front of me where just on the other side of it is a woman...a single person, a living, breathing weapon, who came in here and managed to turn all of our lives upside-down. And I think of Niklas and I want nothing more than to go find him and talk to him and try make things right. And I think of Fredrik, a man so cold and dark and...could he truly be lost forever? I don't want to believe it. I want him to be OK...but I think I know that he will never be. And I think of Dorian sitting in that cell, and I can't help but believe that he is not our enemy, but the proof is more than my need to believe. And Victor is not known for being a forgiving man.

And I think of Javier...I think of the child we had together and I wonder where he or she is right now. What is her name? Is he happy with the family he was sold to?

Being a killer is hard. It's hard not just because of the obvious, but because in living this kind of life, you don't just kill criminals and enemies and targets...you also kill everything and everyone you love.

I'm beginning to think Fredrik is the sanest one of us all...

19

Izabel

I run right into Dina's arms when James walks into the building with her.

"Dina! I'm so happy you're OK." My arms engulf her.

She kisses my head and my cheeks and for a moment I feel like a little girl again. An innocent little girl happy to see her mother, who was never a sex slave and who has never killed anyone.

"I'm good, I'm good, baby," she says, hugging me tight.

She's wearing a light pink blouse tucked into a pair of tan slacks. Her gray-blonde hair is done up in a wave of loose curls that fall around her aging face where even more wrinkles than from when I saw her last are set around her eyes.

I take a step back with her hands clasped in mine and I look her over.

"You look...fine," I say, having expected-and feared-to see her covered with bruises and blood, maybe a few broken bones.

"Well, of course I do," she says as if I should already know she was fine the whole time.

I glance over at James standing behind her with a look of deep question on my face.

Victor enters the meeting room behind them.

"What's going on?" I ask, looking to Victor and then back at James.

"Well," James begins, "seems like Nora never hurt any of them. With Mrs. Gregory-"

"Oh, please call me Dina," Dina cuts in, "that proper stuff makes me feel old."

I smile to myself.

James smiles likewise and nods. "Nora told Dina that she was sent by you and Victor to take her to safety."

"Oh but I didn't believe her right away," Dina says, shaking her graying head. "I knew better than that and when she killed that nice man that watched me a lot from the street, I was scared. I thought she was going to kill me next."

I look back and forth between Dina and Victor, anxiously waiting for the rest of the story.

"Needless to say," Dina goes on, "that woman put on some show I guess, because next thing I knew she was telling me to 'get down!' and she was lookin' out the windows and I was really afraid there were other men there to kill me. She told me that man on the floor she killed was a traitor, or-I think she used some fancy movie word like conspirator or infiltrator"-I want to tell her to skip all that stuff, but I don't have the heart-"or somethin' like that-anyway, she had me believing her, that's for sure. She took me out of that house and set me up real nice in another one and told me not to leave or go outside or make any phone calls. She took my cellular phone. Said it was for my own good. But I had everything I needed." She combs her long, weathered fingers through the length of my hair. "And I didn't want to put you in danger so I stayed put like I was told and waited."

"She didn't hurt you at all?"

I'm baffled by this. Completely baffled.

Dina shakes her head. "No," she says, "she was real kind. So imagine my surprise when Mr. Woodard here told me she was going to kill me. I just couldn't believe it."

Victor and I glance briefly at each other.

"I suppose Tessa got fed the same story?" I ask.

"No," James says. "Well, in a way. After Nora convinced Tessa she wasn't there to hurt her, and after Tessa unknowingly gave Nora the ammunition she needed against Dorian-just like she told Dorian she did-Tessa believed Nora was U.S. Intelligence and so she cooperated."

"So Tessa wasn't hurt either?" I ask.

"Nope," James answers.

"Where is she now?"

Victor steps up closer and answers, "I had them take her back home. She didn't need to be brought here. She doesn't need to know anything about us."

"She thought I was a CIA agent," James says with slight laughter, but a proud air. "As far as my daughters, well they weren't so easy to convince. They were just scared out of their minds-they think I'm into Real Estate. So, I guess Nora had no choice but to tie them up somewhere."

I look right at Victor.

"Then she really was working alone," I say about Nora.

"It seems that way," Victor says with a nod.

"I'm really thirsty," Dina says, squeezing my hip with her hand. "Is there anything around here to drink?"

I hug her again.

"Of course," I tell her and grab her hand. "I'll take you to get something."

I smile faintly at Victor as I walk Dina out of the meeting room and toward the tiny kitchen down the hall.

Fredrik passes us on the way as he heads in to see Victor. He says nothing to me, or even makes eye contact.

"Oh, he's a looker," Dina says quietly with big eyes as she looks back at his tall height in that expensive suit. "The thing I hate the most about being old is that men like that don't look at me anymore."

Oh, Dina, if you only knew what that particular man is capable of.

"Well, I think you're beautiful," I tell her, squeezing her cool, weathered hand. "Besides, men today are probably a little freakier than you were used to."

"Hey, I used to be kinky," she says with a grin.

"Dina!" My face twists all sort of ways and my cheeks begin to burn. "I do not need to know that."

We both laugh together and slip inside the break room, which is really just a room with a leather sofa and matching chair with a marble coffee table and two end tables, a flat screen television mounted on the wall and a kitchenette area in one corner. Victor looked at Woodard funny when he asked him to put a break room in the building ("A break room? This isn't exactly factory work, Woodard."), but in the end, and after Woodard explained to me what a break room was and I liked the idea, we both got what we wanted. And I'm not the only one of us who uses it often-Niklas sleeps in here sometimes with his boots kicked up on the arm of the sofa. James brings his laptop in here and watches old stuff on TV Land. Dorian...well, he was always the one who kept the fridge stocked. Victor-OK, he doesn't come in here at all except to find one of us.

Dina has a seat on the sofa while I grab two of Dorian's sodas from the fridge.

"So, other than beautiful blonde women threatening to kill me to get to you," Dina begins lightheartedly, "what else has been going on with you, Sarai?"

Dina's the only person I allow to call me by my old name. I tried to get her to call me Izabel once, but she flat-out refused, said I grew up with her calling me Sarai and that she'd die calling me Sarai.

I hand her a bottle of soda and sit down next to her, pulling one leg up onto the cushion.

"It feels weird having conversations with you about my life," I say. "It's not like I can tell you about the last person I saw die, as casually as I can talk to you about getting the wrong order at a drive-thru."

"I know," she says and takes a drink, "but what's going on with you and that handsome, mysterious man of yours?"

I take a drink and then look off at the wall behind her.

"Things are good," I say, trying not to let onto the truth-I'm not even sure what the truth is; what's going on between me and Victor isn't exactly your typical trouble-in-paradise kind of situation.

Dina and I talk for a while about simple things. She tells me about what's going on with the characters on her favorite television shows, but I just listen mostly because I never watch TV and really have nothing to add. We talk about the small garden she planted behind her newest house and how the only vegetable growing are the cucumbers. I don't garden and wouldn't know how to grow the easiest of vegetables, so again, I mostly just listen to her talk. And she goes on about sales at the department stores she likes to shop at and how she got a thirty-dollar blouse for nine dollars-I don't know much about sales because with the money Victor gives me-and that I earn myself-I don't have to pay attention to sales.

And while Dina talks about a variety of totally unrelated things over the course of the next thirty minutes, there's one thing I notice she mentions in every topic-Arizona.

"I used to watch that show every night before bed in Arizona," she had said. "I had my recliner by the window and I'd always open it and let the heat in while I watched my show."

And then:

"I didn't really do much gardening in Arizona."

And later:

"I hit the thrift stores every weekend when I lived in Arizona. I got some really good deals."

Finally, after the fifth mention of Arizona, I ask her the inevitable:

"Do you miss home, Dina?"

She smiles faintly and sets the soda bottle down on the end table.

"I do, Sarai, I really do."

She sighs and looks over at me, reaching out her hand and placing it on my knee drawn up on the cushion, tucked underneath my other leg.

"I want to go back to Tucson," she says. "Even back to the trailer park. I miss it. I miss the damn dogs barking at night and the kids running up and down the street causing a nuisance. I just want to go home." She pats my knee and then pulls away, looking at me with sad but smiling eyes.

"But Dina, it's not safe"-I raise up on the couch-"you can't go back there. Look what happened here, the reason you're sitting in this room talking to me right now. If you go back there you'll be where anyone who wants to find you, will likely look first."

Her smile warms her whole face.

"Oh, honey, I don't care about that stuff," she says as if to console me. "I did at first, but it was mostly just because of you. But I can't do this anymore, moving from place to place, having strange men parked outside every house watching me all the time. I'm too old for this. I appreciate all of the elaborate things you and Victor provide me and the beautiful houses and...just everything. I'm very grateful. But I just want to go home and live the rest of my life the way I did before-simply."

My heart sinks deeper and deeper.

"But it's dangerous. I don't want anything to happen to you."

"Nothing's gonna happen to me, baby girl." Her smile lengthens. She lifts a hand and pats her chest over her thin pink blouse where her heart is. "If anything takes me out it's gonna be my ticker. You know that." She grins and pats my knee again playfully and adds, "Besides, I know how to use a shotgun, remember? And I ain't afraid to blow somebody away if they break into my house."

I can't help but smile back at her, even though I want to fight her on this whole issue.

Dina turns around on the cushion to face me fully and she takes both of my hands into hers.

"I want you to promise me something," she says, looking into my eyes. "And I mean it-it's a real promise and it means everything to me and if you ever break it, even if I never find out, you should feel guilty for breaking it because it's so important to me."

This is scaring me, but I nod and agree.

"What is it, Dina?"

Her fingers grasp mine firmly as if to place emphasis on the words she's about to say.

"When I go home, back to Tucson," she says, "I want you to promise me that you won't send anyone to watch me or protect me. No one. And I don't want you doing it, either. Do you give me your word?"

At first all I want to do is say no-I even begin to shake my head-but she wrenches my hands and forces my gaze, the look in her eyes so intense, and I feel just how important this promise is to her. As much as I want to lie to her and say that, no, I won't send anyone to watch over her...I can't. These are her wishes and I owe her everything and know I have to give in to them no matter how hard.

And before she leaves, as I wave her goodbye as she gets into the cab on the street to head for the airport back to Tucson, I can't help but feel like this is going to be the last time I ever see her.

"I love you, baby girl!" she calls out to me from the open car window, her long, bony fingers waving in the cool night Boston breeze.

I press the tips of my fingers against my lips and send her my kisses as she pulls away, and I wipe the tears from my eyes and try so hard to keep the smile on my face for Dina's sake. Because she deserves to be happy and she doesn't need any more reason to worry about me than she already has.

~~~

"Have you seen Niklas?" I ask Victor in the meeting room with James. They're looking through photographs and files scattered about the elongated table.

I'm still emotional from having let Dina go an hour earlier.

Victor looks up.

"He is gone, Izabel," he answers solemnly and looks back down. "But don't worry about him right now-"

"What?" I step farther into the room and stand at the end of the table. "Victor, how can you say that? Have you tried to talk to him at all?"

He locks eyes with me over the length of the table.

"I will talk to my brother when the time is right," he says.

James glances at us briefly and pretends to be more interested in the photographs in front of him. He appears uncomfortable.

"How is any time right?" I ask with an accusatory tone. "Right now is as good a time as any will ever be."

"Niklas needs time alone," he says and I slam my palm against the table before he gets the last word all the way out.

"Fuck!" I say angrily.

Victor stands up quickly from the table in one swift motion, sending the paper he had been reading in his hand falling onto the floor. His chair screeches as it's pushed back a little on his way up.

James freezes, looking between the both of us under nervous hooded eyes.

"Woodard," Victor says demandingly, "leave us."

Without hesitation, James gets up, tucks his laptop underneath his arm and makes his way out.

A nervous ball sits in my stomach. I know he's pissed at me, but I feel very strongly about what Niklas must be going through, and I can't find any acceptable reason that Victor wouldn't be trying to make things right between them, right now.

"Is that what you think of me?" he asks, angry but at the same time wounded by the prospect. "You think that these files and these photographs"-he waves a hand at the table-"are more important to me than my brother? Look at me"-he points at his eyes with his index and middle fingers-"and tell me you think that way about me, because that's exactly how it feels right now-I want to hear you say it."

I swallow nervously and begin to shake my head. I've rarely ever seen him like this before, so I know I've overstepped my bounds, that I've hurt him, and already I feel terrible for making him feel this way.

"I'm sorry...I just..."

Victor's shoulders slump into a long sigh and he looks back down at the table, but not at the things scattered atop it. He falls heavily back into his chair and slouches against it.

"Izabel," he says more calmly, but not looking at me, "I knew it had to come out sometime. Not a day has gone by in the past six years when I look at my brother and I don't feel like shit for what I did. Niklas may never forgive me, but he will understand."

I walk toward him down the length of the massive table.

"You seem to forget that he tried to kill you," Victor adds.

"I've never forgotten that," I say, "and I don't think I ever will."

"You haven't forgotten or forgiven," Victor says, "but you understand."

I didn't expect that, so I say nothing at first.

"I feel guilty," I finally respond, still feeling some kind of need to confess because the guilt is weighing so heavily on my shoulders.

Victor's head raises and he eyes me with a look of disbelief and maybe even disappointment.

I lean my backside against the end of the table in front of him, crossing my arms.

"Why?" he asks harshly. "Why do you feel guilty? If you say because you're alive and Claire isn't, you're-"

"I'm what?" I snap back, challenging him. "I'm stupid and weak for having a conscience? I'm naive? Too emotional? Go on, Victor"-I point at my eyes with my index and middle fingers-"tell me what you really think of me."

His gaze strays.

"I think your heart is too big," he says and instantly my tough exterior falters. "That's why I feel the need to protect you all the time. Not because you lack skill or because I don't believe in you, but because your heart gets in the way. And if there's any profession in the world that you cannot and should not put your heart into"-he points harshly at the floor- "it's this one."

I'm quiet for only a moment, letting his words sink in.

And then something enters my mind that I'm more afraid to say to him than my accusations about Niklas-but I can't hold in how I really feel.

"Things would be better for you if I was...more like Nora, wouldn't they?" I did everything I could not to make it sound bitter or accusing, because I don't mean it that way.

He raises his eyes to me, and for a long time he doesn't say anything.

"In a professional and emotional sense, yes," he answers truthfully, "but not for any other reason. But if I wanted someone like Nora at my side, you wouldn't be here-unlike her, I do not play games-so please, don't accuse me of wild attractions to that woman, or start feeling insecure that I'm going to stray."

"I don't think that at all," I say, and I mean it. "That's not what this is about."

I lift my body to sit on the table in front of him, my legs, covered in a tight black bodysuit, hang over the edge of the table at the bend of my knees. Victor moves his chair closer to sit between them, laying his arms across the tops of my thighs and fitting his hands about my waist. The sleeves of his dress shirt are rolled up to his elbows; veins run along the hard muscles of his lightly tanned forearms.

I run all of my fingers through the top of his short brown hair.

"Do you not trust me to take care of myself at all, Victor?" I ask with concern and not with accusation. "Is there not anything about me-from a professional and emotional standpoint-that you feel doesn't need...improvement?"

Victor sighs.

"I trust your judgment, Izabel," he says. "When it comes to others, you're a good judge of character. You inherently know, before I even do usually, about a person on the inside. But I don't trust you when you're angry or out for vengeance. You tend to make rash decisions, jump head-first into dangerous situations without a plan-take Los Angeles and Arthur Hamburg for example. But when you're calm and not acting out of anger or revenge, you know what you're doing. And I trust you one hundred percent."

I thank him with my eyes.

We sit quietly for a long time and then I say in a soft voice, "What if Niklas doesn't come back?"

"He will come back," Victor answers, but in his voice I sense that he may not be as confident in that assumption as he'd like. "He is my brother," he goes on, "and he may hate me for a while or even want to kill me, but he'll always be my brother and I'll always do anything for him and he knows it."

I think about that for a moment, letting the reality of the truth sink in-Victor is emotionally handicap not because of one, but two people in his life that he loves. It amazes me how he can hold it together, how he can continue to act as if nothing ever bothers him, that he has no feelings, or fears. On the outside, Victor is cold and calculated and detached almost all of the time-anyone who doesn't know him on the level that I know him might think he was just like Fredrik, but the truth is that he carries more of a burden than any of us do. Victor feels responsible for me and Niklas. He has had to choose, twice now, between me and his brother. And when you have to choose between two people that you love, no matter which way you go there are painful consequences.

I lean over him and kiss the top of his head.

"I'm sorry for doubting you," I say. "I really thought you were going to let Dina die and I'm sorry for not believing in you." I've been wanting to say this to him since the very moment he confessed his secret to Nora, but I've been avoiding it out of shame and guilt. But more than that, I needed time to think about all that transpired because of it.

He looks up at me.

"And because I won't lie to you," he says, "just like I can't lie to Niklas about Claire, the truth is that I almost did let her die."

I nod. Because I understand. It was a choice between me and Niklas. And it was never going to be an easy choice.

"I know," I tell him and drop my hands from his hair.

Then he curls his long fingers around mine between my legs and raises one hand to his lips and kisses my knuckles.

"What are you going to do about Dorian?"

He stands up and cups my face in his hands, pulling my lips to meet his.

After he kisses me, long and soft, his lips so warm and his tongue so tender, he says, "That will all depend on what Fredrik gets out of him."

An uncomfortable shiver moves through me.

"You're going to let Fredrik interrogate him?"

Victor moves from between my legs and begins stacking the photographs on the table into a small pile.

He doesn't answer, which is an answer in itself.

"When are you going to kill Nora?" he asks, steadily stacking things.

"Before the morning," I say. "I wanted to deal with everything else before I see her again."

He nods.

"Have you thought about it?" I ask. "About what she said?"

"No," he answers and makes his way over to his briefcase with the photographs and files.

"Not even a little bit?"

He glances at me. "I've thought about it," he says, "but not considered it, if that's what you mean. I admit, it was a bold move, but she should have thought more about the consequences of her actions than she did. She killed one of my men in Mrs. Gregory's house. She turned my brother against me. Kidnapped your loved ones and used them against you. And she has wasted a lot of my time, quite frankly."

"True," I say, pursing my lips contemplatively, "but she did kind of prove herself in the process."

Victor raises his eyes momentarily and then clasps his briefcase shut with two clicks.

"Are you trying to tell me something?" he asks suspiciously.

I shake my head. "Not what you're probably thinking-I don't want her here as much as any of us-but I saw the way you were looking at her in the surveillance room. It uh, well, it just seemed like you wanted the chance to dissect her."

A faint, almost invisible smile appears on his lips as he lifts the briefcase from the table with his hand clamped about the handle.

"You saw that, did you?"

I shrug and grin. "Yeah, I kinda did."

"Well, the answer is no," he says walking toward me. "She's caused enough trouble. Kill her and be done with it."

He kisses me on the lips one more time and heads toward the door.

"I'll be back in a few hours," he says from the doorway. But just before he walks out he stops and looks back at me.

"And I'll talk to Niklas soon."

I nod with a little smile of support and he leaves.

20

Izabel

The cell floor has only ten cells left which Victor wanted to keep for reasons just like this one-detaining traitors and other kinds of prisoners. The cells are named A through J. I head for cell C with a lot of mixed emotions and a heavy heart. I don't want to think about what Dorian will go through with Fredrik later, but as I pass down the dingy hallway and cells A and B that are wide open and empty, it's all I can think about. I don't want to think that Dorian is a traitor, either-maybe the things he told Victor are true. Maybe he's not our enemy and never intended to be. But he lied. And he worked with us under false pretenses. And he gave information about us to the government and that alone is enough for Victor to kill him.

I step up to the heavy steel door and push up on my toes to see inside through the small box Plexiglas window.

Dorian is laying against a cot on a metal bed jutting from the wall. Bloody bandages are wrapped about both shoulders. All he's wearing are his dark-colored jeans and his Rolex. His boots have been kicked off onto the floor, laying sloppily with the long strings strewn against the tile.

Reaching up my hand, I tap on the window with the tip of my finger.

Dorian raises his blond head and after a second of looking at the blurred face in the window and trying to distinguish it he mouths 'Izabel?' and with difficulty forces his wounded body from the cot to sit upright. His face twists with pain and he stops, takes a deep breath and pushes himself to his feet and walks to the door.

I crouch down in front of it and slide away the metal covering over the food slot that's long and wide enough to pass a tray through.

"How are you doing?" I ask.

"Feel like shit," he says and sits down on the floor on his bottom, wincing with every abrupt movement. All I can see now are his bright blue eyes and his forehead through the opening.

"Sorry," I say. "Hey, I wanted to come here and tell you that Tessa is fine."

His eyes light up a bit and relief washes over him through all the pain and discomfort.

"In fact," I go on, "she was fine the whole time. Nora didn't hurt her at all."

"Where is she now?"

"James took her back home."

Dorian nods.

"Thank you, Izabel. For letting me know."

I nod back.

After a few long seconds that feel more like minutes, I break the silence with the inevitable.

"Did you tell Victor the truth? You know he'll find out, right?"

"Yeah, I know," he says. "But I did tell him the truth. There's more to tell him, like what kind of information I passed along to my superiors, but I wasn't holding any of that from him. I guess Victor just wasn't ready to hear it."

"Why did you crack at all?" I ask. "I mean...well, I thought guys like you were trained not to break, not even to save the life of someone you love. Set aside lying to us about who you are; the fact that you broke in itself is a serious flaw in your character, Dorian. You gave up your identity not only to us, but to an innocent civilian. That tells us you'd be willing to give us up under the right circumstances."

Dorian shakes his head.

"I know it looks that way," he says, "but like I told Victor, I was eventually going to tell him who I was, regardless-I was given authorization. I just had to do it sooner than expected."

"And what if," I say, "you were never given that authorization? Would you have admitted it?"

He sighs.

"If I said no, would you believe me?" It wasn't really a question.

"What about Tessa?" I point out. "It seemed easy for you to tell her."

"Yeah, well that's a different kind of weakness," he admits. "Still an inexcusable one, but not unforgivable like being a traitor. Look, I know I'm probably going to die in here; it's a hazard in this line of work. I accept it and I'm not afraid of it, but I don't want to die a traitor."

After a brief moment of pause I say, "I wish I could say I don't think you're a traitor, but what you did...I don't know, it's hard for me to think of you as anything else...but as a person and a friend, I think you're genuine."

"Thanks."

He pauses and asks, "Is she dead?"

"I'm going to kill her soon."

"Yeah, well put a bullet in that bitch's shoulders before you kill her," he snaps. "Make it all dramatic n' shit-tell her 'this is for Dorian!'" He laughs at his own joke but winces and a hissing noise pushes through his lips as he sucks in a breath sharply in response to more pain.

I smile and watch his eyes fall away from the door slot as he lowers his head.

"Is your mom gonna be all right?" he asks.

"Yeah, she was fine when James picked her up, just like everyone else."

"This has been a really fucked up forty-eight hours," he says. "I guess you're not at liberty to tell me what was this big confession she wanted, and from which one of us?"

I shake my head. "Sorry."

He nods.

"Understandable," he says and then after a few quiet seconds adds, "I guess that means Gustavsson showed up after all."

"Yeah." It's all I can say; I can't bear to tell him the rest where he and Fredrik are concerned.

The sound of dress shoes tapping against the floor echoes down the hallway-two pairs to be precise. I swallow uncomfortably and look back at Dorian's eyes through the slot in the door. He knows. He shakes his head and laughs dryly under his breath.

"He always did want to torture me," he says. "I think the guy even had wet dreams about it-he couldn't stand me."

I push myself out of a crouched position and stand upright, grimacing at the pain and stiffness in my legs for being in the same position for so long. Dorian's looking back at me now through the Plexiglas window in the top of the door.

Fredrik and Victor come around the corner at the far end of the hall; two tall and frightening men, all business, in dark suits against the dingy white walls and floor. Judge and executioner. Emotionless. Merciless.

I look back at Dorian.

"Whatever happens to me," he says, "do me a favor and make sure that Tessa gets all of my money. The key to my safety deposit box and other personal things I'd like her to have is hidden in the sole of my left boot. Will you tell Tessa that I love her and I'm sorry for being such a dick?"

"I will," I tell him.

I leave Dorian and walk toward Victor and Fredrik as they make their way down the center of the hall.

"Can I talk to you for a minute?" I ask Fredrik, stepping right up in front of him.

I'm sick of him avoiding me, and if I don't try to force him to talk, I know he never will and he may slip out of this building right after interrogating Dorian, and I'll not see him again for another month.

Fredrik starts to walk around and right past me, but I cut him off, stopping him in his tracks.

"Izabel," Victor says, "we have important matters to tend to."

"I know, but this'll just take a couple of minutes." I look at Victor through pleading eyes.

He doesn't want to give me my way, but he does, walking away in the direction of Dorian's cell and leaving me alone with Fredrik. I hear the key jangling in the cell door and then the sound of the door booming closed as Victor goes inside.

"I don't have time for this," Fredrik says.

"Make time. Give me two minutes. It's all I ask. Please."

He looks right at me now, his dark blue eyes framed by dark hair, piercing me with irritation.

"I can't spare two minutes."

"Yes you can," I say intently.

He starts to walk past me again, but I grab his arm, the material of his jacket caught between my fingers. His head turns sideways to look at me and his expression grows darker. His teeth are gritting behind an unshaven jawline.

Finally, I let the other side of me take over, the side that is sick of his shit, and instead of having a heart-to-heart talk with the man who was once my brother, I can't stop myself from telling him off instead.

"You're an asshole," I lash out, pushing the words through my teeth. "Look, I understand, I really do, and if I were you I know I'd probably feel the same way. But I wouldn't shut out the people who care about me." He pushes past me, intent on ignoring me, but I move around in front of him and shove both hands against his chest, pushing his tall, solid stature, but he barely moves. He just looks lividly down into my angry face.

But he stops-not that he wants to hear it, but that he wants me to get it over with so he can be free of me.

"Do what you want," I say with acid in my voice, "I don't care anymore. If you want to shut me out, fine, but I'm going to say what I have to say before you go in there and...do your thing." A snarl manipulates my mouth.

Fredrik just stands there looking at me with his briefcase clutched down at his side.

"Nora Kessler told Niklas something when he was in that room with her, something that stuck with me long after he'd left. And as much as I despise her, I can't deny that she was right."

I point my finger sternly at his chest.

"You need love to survive, Fredrik," I say with harsh conviction. "You're this dark, frightening man who is so cold on the outside that Hell would freeze over if you were ever sent there...but on the inside, you're a broken man who needs love more than anyone because of the life you were forced to live, because of the horrific things you were forced to endure." I shake my head with sadness in my heart. "You need love more than anything because it's the one thing you've been deprived. You shove me away because I meant something to you, because out of all of us here, you thought of me as family. You shut me out because of how many times love destroyed you."

I step up closer and my eyes never leave his, the anger in them never wanes. His cold, but emotionless face hasn't shifted.

"We all need something to survive, Fredrik-Victor needs to be in control; James needs acceptance; Niklas needs something to call his own; Dorian needs to make peace with himself...and me...I need a lot of things, but I haven't figured out which one of them I need most. But you...you need love, and you can't push it away forever. It's not in your nature."

I step back and away from him and just look at him for a second, studying his unyielding face, his deep blue eyes, searching for something, anything, but he gives me nothing. I'm so angry! I want him to say something. Argue with me, tell me how wrong I am. Tell me I'm stupid and young and I can't possibly know how he's feeling or what he's going through.

Absolutely nothing.

Shaking my head with a sour look on my face and surrender in my heart, I gesture a hand toward Dorian's cell.

"I guess I'll see you around," I say, turn on my heels and leave.

I don't look back as I walk the length of the long hallway, but I can sense that Fredrik stands there in the same spot at least until I round the corner at the end.

What is happening to us? To all of us.

Niklas is nowhere to be found. I've tried calling him and I left the building and went driving around Boston, checking out the bars he likes, but it's an hour before dawn and I've still found nothing. Niklas doesn't want to be found and I can't help but wonder and worry for how long. What if he really never comes back? What if he can't 'understand' why Victor did what he did, and they become enemies? Things can't be left this way, they just can't...

Dorian may be dead, or on his way there. Fredrik is a lost cause who will eventually self-destruct. Niklas has disappeared. Can our organization-our family-recover from what Nora Kessler did, or what she played a very large hand in doing?

I'm beginning to think it can't.

21

Izabel

With my gun in-hand, I open the door to the room where Nora has been caged for over two days.

She looks up at me from the chair.

"Let's go," I tell her with the backward tilt of my head.

"Where to?" she says curiously as she stands up in her leather pants and blood-stained face and blonde hair. She had slipped the silk blouse back on as well, despite the cuts on her back.

"You know where," I tell her calmly.

Nora walks toward me on her bare feet-her high-heels have been tossed against the floor-and she makes a face as the pain in her back and wherever else Fredrik hurt her, argues her decision to move.

"Why don't you just shoot me in here?" she asks.

I don't answer, playing it off as unimportant, but the truth is that before I kill her there are a few things I want to say to her, things that I don't want anyone else to hear.

We walk the hallway slow and deliberately, Nora in front of me, me at her back with my gun down at my side, and I lead her outside the back of the building in the darkness and in the quiet.

"On your knees," I tell her, pointing the gun toward the ground beside a dumpster.

Without question or argument or an ounce of fear, she goes down on her knees, already knowing to put her back to me.

"I would ask why you won't beg for your life," I say, pointing the gun at the back of her head as I stand a few feet away, "but I already know the answer."

"What's the answer?" she asks, looking at the brick wall in front of her.

"You would never plead for your life."

I curl my index finger around the trigger.

"And you would be right," she confirms.

The ocean and the distant sound of cars rushing over the freeway are faint, but are the only sounds to be heard. The stench of the dumpster just feet from Nora, and the other five lining the back of the nearby buildings make the air foul. A single light shines in the distance from a pole, beaming down on the entrance to a parking garage, but the only light here is from the moon, making Nora's dark figure appear like a shadow, except for her blonde hair that blankets her back and shoulders like a disheveled mess of white straw.

I look at her for a long time, almost feeling like I should force her to face me, because if I'm going to execute her I should have the courage to look her in the eyes. But I don't. I'm not brave enough to look someone in the eyes and then take their life from them-not like this. An unarmed woman. On her knees. Behind a building. Beside a stinking dumpster. It would haunt me forever.

Time passes and I don't realize how much until Nora begins to turn her head at an angle to get a glimpse of me behind her.

"Something tells me you're not afraid to kill me," she says, "so, what's the holdup?"

I pause and say, "I wanted to ask you something first."

She laughs lightly.

"Oh sure," she says sarcastically with the shrug of her shoulders, "because I'm so inclined to answer your questions before you blow my brains out." She looks back once with a smile and turns to face the wall again. "Go ahead and ask whatever you want, but you can expect only one kind of answer from me."

"What kind would that be?"

"The truthful kind," she says.

"That's the only kind I want."

"Then by all means"-she twirls the hand with the marred pinky finger in the air beside her-"ask away."

Hesitating for a long, tense moment, I think about my question and what her truthful answer could mean.

"Do you think a man like Victor Faust can ever truly be in love?"

Nora is very quiet, as if my question has stripped the sarcasm from her and replaced it with intrigue. Then she turns her head to the side again, allowing me to see the outline of her nose and cheek in the moonlit darkness that shrouds her.

"That's a bold question," she says. "And one that I think you already know the answer to."

"Maybe so, but I want to know yours."

"You mean," she says as if to correct me, "you want to know the reason behind my answer."

"Whatever-just tell me."

I sense her smiling, but I don't see it on her face, and I don't get any spiteful or pleasurable feelings from her-just honesty.

She looks back at the wall in front of her again.

"Anyone can be in love, Izabel," she says in an even voice, "and I can tell by the look in that man's eyes that he is in love with you"-(I want to be pleased with that answer, but I'm not because I know that's not all of it)-"but a man like Victor Faust," she goes on, "can't stay in love forever. Like Fredrik's type can't live without love, Victor's type can't live with it. And the more that it gets in the way of his duties, and the more human you make him become, the closer you push him to his breaking point."

"What's that supposed to mean?" My gun hand is trembling. "Are you saying that no matter what, he's going to put an end to us?"

"No," she says, "but if you want to keep him and what you have with him in-tact, you need to lose what's left of your personal life, your humanity. Your love for Dina Gregory. Your school-girl jealousy. Your conscience. It's enough that he loves you and has to protect you, but he won't-he can't-continue to protect and take into consideration everything you drag in with you from the outside."

"What makes you think he can't?" Tears sting the backs of my eyes, but I don't let them fall.

Nora turns her head to look at me again.

"Because he's just like me," she says not with malice, but with truth. "And one way or another, he'll instinctively do whatever it takes to restore the balance to the only life he's ever known."

I shake my head repeatedly, not wanting to believe her, wanting to go ahead and shoot her just for saying these things to me. But I can't. Not yet.

A hard knot moves down the center of my throat.

"But you loved Claire," I point out, grasping for anything I can that might turn the truth on its head. "You would've done anything for her."

"Yes," she admits, "I would have...and that's why every day she was alive I contemplated killing her."

My heart stops beating as if she'd just pulled the plug from me.

"I loved my sister so much," she begins, "that I knew I couldn't leave her alive because I'd always worry about her and it was making me weak."

"You were going to kill her?" I can hardly believe this, but then again I can. "You were going to kill your own sister? Your innocent sister who never did anything to you and who had no idea what you were involved in?" My words are laced with disbelief and disgust.

"Yes. If Victor hadn't killed Claire, I would have done it myself eventually-and yes, I was vengeful because he killed her, but she was my sister and she was mine to kill, not Victor's." She pauses and says with sincerity, "I know that's a lot to stomach, Izabel-I know. I know it's impossible for you to understand. But I don't feel emotions or see things the way that you do. I never will because I was raised from the moment I was born, to be the way I am-it's no different from you being the way you are. We all have our 'unforgivable' faults, I suppose that just happens to be my most notable."

My mouth is incredibly dry. My heart isn't beating fast or slow, but it's not beating right, it's like it can't figure out how. Does Victor contemplate killing me like Nora contemplated killing Claire? Could he really get rid of me because I'm interfering in his life as a killer? Could he kill Niklas? A part of me tells me she's just crazy and that Victor may be like her in many ways, but not in the most extreme ways-and I believe that! My heart tells me that he would never resort to that. He sent me away once, back to Arizona, and had no intention in ever seeing me again...but...but he did. He watched over me the entire time.

No! I can't let her get to me like this. I won't let her.

I round my chin and reclaim my control.

Nora has proven her manipulation skills far surpass mine or that of anyone I've ever met. She can make a person believe just about anything she wants, make the strongest-minded person doubt himself, or the weakest-minded person believe she's something extraordinary. I know how she works-I experienced it firsthand-and I won't make that mistake again. Maybe the things she's telling me aren't a manipulation tactic at all, and they are truly nothing more than her opinions, but I'm not taking any chances. I'm going to listen to my heart, and my heart is telling me that...only some of the things she's saying are true...and the part about losing what's left of my personal life, I believe is one of them.

"He doesn't know...," I say, though I'm not sure why I'm telling her. I stare at the wall above her head; the gun is still trained on her, but my mind is off somewhere else.

"He doesn't know what?" Nora asks.

A lot of time passes before I answer.

"...He turned the audio to the room off when I confessed to you," I say distantly, seeing only the bricks in front of me. "He doesn't know that I had a baby with Javier...that I have a seven-year-old son or daughter out there somewhere."

"And you'd do better to keep it that way." I think it's her way of also telling me she'll keep my secret.

I look down at her, surprised she hasn't moved, because in my brief moment of distraction, someone with Nora's skill could've easily reacted quickly enough to knock me from my feet and took the gun from me.

I hold the gun more firmly, realizing.

She looks at the wall again, waiting and ready for me to kill her. No fears. No regrets. No attempts to save her own life. Nora Kessler has accepted her fate.

"I trust your judgment, Izabel," he says. "When it comes to others, you're a good judge of character."

I feel like I'm trapped within my own spinning mind. I look to and from the barrel of my gun and the back of Nora's head.

"How important is honesty to you?" I ask her.

"I have no reason to lie," she says, "unless it's my job to lie-why do you ask?"

"Then tell me," I say, ignoring her inquiry, "turn around and face me so I can see your eyes, and tell me why you want to be a part of our organization."

After a moment, Nora turns around, still on her knees, to face me. She looks up at me with curiosity.

Then she smiles with disbelief and shakes her head.

"Before you make a fool of yourself, Izabel," she says, "if you want me to hang around to train you just because you want to keep Victor, you might as well shoot me."

I push the gun toward her threateningly.

"Just answer the question," I demand.

Her curious eyes study my face, my reactions, and then she says, "I went to a lot of trouble to prove myself to Victor Faust-to all of you. I could've hurt or killed the people you love, but I didn't and had no intention in doing so. I may have forced you all to expose at least one of your darkest secrets, and I may have done more damage than intended, but none of you can blame me for the things that you have done, the secrets you've kept from one another-those are your mistakes, not mine." She grimaces and adjusts her kneeling position just slightly. "But to answer your question, I want to be a part of this Order because I lost the only place I ever belonged when I left the SC-4. I can't just go out into the world, find a job and meet friends and fall in love and act like a normal human being. Because I'm not. And I never will be. And I can't go back to the Sect because they'll kill me on the spot for desertion. Not to mention for killing Solis." Finally, she sits fully on her bottom, unable to stay up on her knees any longer. "I was born-literally-to do this. It's all I know. And that's all I have to say."

I believe her. Regardless of how manipulative she is, facts don't lie, either.

"Then why don't you just kill yourself?" I ask. "If you're not afraid of death, and you can't live any other way, why not end it?"

"Because suicide is the coward's way out."

I nod and leave it at that.

"But what's to stop you from trying to kill one of us?" I tilt my head thoughtfully, looking down at her with challenge. "Since you seem to have no conscience."

"I'm all business, Izabel," she answers immediately. "And I'm loyal. It's in my blood to do as I'm told by my superiors. I do it without question or argument, and I do it well. And if I wanted to kill you, I could've the second you brought me out here. I could've taken that gun from you moments ago when you were off in la-la land thinking about that secret of yours and deciding not to tell Victor about it, as you were going to do. Probably tonight when you laid down to sleep with him." (How does she know these things?) "If I wanted to kill any of you, I wouldn't have spent six years planning this night. I would've killed you any of the times I followed you."

"But what about Claire?" I say, still needing more. "She compromised you. You loved her. You were going to kill her. And you left the only home you've ever known, risked everything, because of her. What's not to say that won't happen again?"

"Because people like me only love once," she answers without even having to think about it. "To us, the experience is like a child touching a hot pan."

I don't say anything for a while.

"But when you're calm and not acting out of anger or revenge, you know what you're doing. And I trust you one hundred percent."

"You said you'd train me."

Nora nods.

"I did."

"Then why'd you just say-"

"I'll train you if your need to learn isn't dictated by your love of a man," she cuts in. "That's no different than a girl getting pregnant just to keep her boyfriend, or a man marrying a woman he doesn't love because he knocked her up-it never works out. And I won't waste my time on nonsense."

"Victor's not the only reason I want to learn," I say. "I won't lie and say he isn't part of it, but he's not all of it. I'm unlike you in almost every way," I go on, "but the one way we are alike is that I know this is the only life for me. I've already been down that normal road and I don't think I can ever do it again. This is my life, and I only want to learn how to stay alive in it for as long as I can. Victor never had much time to train me like I need to be trained. He either sent me to someone else"-I quietly recall Spencer and Jacquelyn at the Krav Maga studio-"or started going easy on me after a while because he didn't want to hurt me."

"I would never go easy on you." Nora smiles.

"I know."

Then I say, "But fighting isn't the only thing I want to learn-I want to learn everything you can possibly teach me: manipulation techniques, controlling pain, everything..."

Nora raises a brow.

"You'll never be able to learn all those things," she says, "unless you want to lose your ability to love anyone and be able to kill them instead, but I will teach you whatever I can."

"One more question."

"Hmmm?"

"Just out of curiosity," I begin, "when I confessed to you, you seemed...sympathetic. Even to Niklas' feelings. If you're so...emotionless...why did you seem to care at all? Why did taunting you about your father and your finger trigger so much anger if your emotions are so controlled? And absent."

"I am still human," she says simply.

I think about it long and hard. About everything.

And then I hand her my gun.

Nora looks up at it briefly and then takes it into her blood-stained fingers.

"Then welcome aboard," I say.

And the fact that she doesn't shoot me in the back, or run away into the streets of Boston when I leave her sitting there and go back inside, further proves she's telling the truth that I already knew.

22

Izabel

Four days later...

I wish I could say that things are getting back to normal around here, but that couldn't be further from the truth. Niklas is still gone and none us have seen him or heard from him-he could be in another country, or living in the back of a bar somewhere nearby, and either would be believable. His cell phones don't even ring anymore-they either go straight to voicemail, or tell me the user doesn't have a mailbox set up to leave a message. I stopped calling him two days ago. When he wants to be found, he'll let us know. And I'll worry about the outcome of that day until it happens.

Dorian, after Fredrik interrogated him for many long hours, I'm happy to say is still alive. He's still imprisoned in cell C and will probably be there for a while until Victor figures out what to do with him. But according to Fredrik, everything Dorian told Victor seems to be true, and he hasn't hidden anything else that we know of. But the thing with Victor keeping Dorian alive, I believe, is mostly to do with U.S. Intelligence and if they will retaliate in reaction to Dorian's death. But Victor says it appears that the kind of private contractor Dorian is, if he were ever killed or compromised, the United States wouldn't claim they knew anything about him.

It's what U.S. Intelligence knows about us that keeps Victor from making a decision either way. Dorian admitted to profiling each of us and giving that information to his superiors, employers, whatever they're called-I'm in the dark when it comes to this stuff and Victor doesn't talk about it much...or maybe he does and I've just been too involved in my training with Nora Kessler to notice.

I started the following day after the night I let her in. And already I feel like I have to watch my back every moment of every day-not because she can't be trusted, but because as part of her training, she attacks me out of nowhere. There is no such thing as a break. At any moment Nora could be testing me, mentally or physically, or in any way she sees fit. It's the same kind of training I started out with Victor over a year ago, but much more intense. She fucks with my head so often that I can't tell the difference when she's lying to my face or telling me the truth-I'm supposed to be able to figure it out. Learn to fully trust my instincts and be able to react to any given situation accordingly without ever thinking about it. "If you have to stop and think about it, you've already fucked up," she said during one of the rare times she's given me actual advice. And then, "It's not the same thing as 'think before you react', it's about changing the way you think and react naturally."

I never expected any training to be like this. And it's just beginning.

Today Nora joins us at the table for her first meeting.

Victor didn't approve of my decision to let her join us when I told him what I'd done. Not at first anyway. I had to remind him that he said he trusted me, and although I think deep down he didn't need reminding, I know he least expected me to let her live and it all came as shock to him. It did me as well. I had every intention in eliminating Nora that night-eliminating; maybe I'm starting to become more like Victor-but at the last minute, I went with my gut instead of my hatred for her.

I walk into the meeting room to the faces of Victor, James and Fredrik. Nora will be late if she isn't here in five minutes. I make my way to my usual chair close to Victor where I sit down and try to look confident-I know that if Nora doesn't live up to everyone's expectations of her that it'll be on my head because I'm the one that let her join us. Being late to her first meeting isn't a good way to start.

The room is rife with silence. Hardly any movements stir the mild air seeping from the vents in the ceiling. James stares at his laptop screen. Fredrik sits solidly, like a brooding, gorgeous giant with both hands resting on the table. Victor sits with his back pressed against his chair and his hands in his lap-always the power in the room, and anyone would know it just by looking at him even if they've never met him before. I feel their eyes on me-though not Fredrik's-but I can't bring myself to look at either of them.

Finally, the sound of heels tapping against the floor on the other side of the door echoes down the hall. The door opens and Nora, on her long legs and with beautiful blonde sweeping hair, enters the meeting room, closing the door behind her. She's dressed in, of all things, a black women's suit and tall black heels. A white collared shirt with an elegant ruffle pokes from beneath the suit jacket and lays perfectly about her chest, pulled up around her neck in a delicate fashion. Delicate-a word I never would've thought to associate with the likes of Nora Kessler.

"Cutting it close on time," I speak up.

Nora sits down next to James, her back straight and refined.

"Yes," she says with an apologetic smile and then reaches into her jacket pocket and withdraws a cell phone. "But I found Niklas."

Victor and I glance at one another as Nora slides the cell phone across the table and into Victor's reach. He picks it up and looks into the screen, tapping it once with his fingertip as it begins to fade to black. I lean over closer to Victor to get a better view.

"Barlow's," Nora announces. "He seems to be spending a lot of his time there, drinking"-I look into the screen to see several photos of Niklas sitting in a darkly lit bar with a shot of whiskey on the bar in front of him-"a different girl every night the past few nights. He's staying in the hotel next to the bar."

"That's just thirty minutes from here," I say, looking at Victor anxiously.

"Drinking and women," James speaks up across the table from me. "Sounds like he hasn't changed, really. I think it's safe to say he's all right."

I frown at James.

"He's not all right," I say.

"But he will be," Victor says.

He slides the phone back to Nora. She leaves it on the table in front of her.

Fredrik says nothing.

I slide back into my chair more comfortably and turn to Victor.

"Do you want me to go talk to him?" I ask. "Try to bring him back here so you can talk to him?"

Victor shakes his head.

"We'll discuss Niklas later," he says. "First, I have something else that needs to be addressed."

Victor and Nora exchange a glance, giving off the impression that they're the only two at the table who have already talked about it, whatever it is. I feel incredibly uncomfortable all of a sudden, but curious and eager, as well.

"What is it?" I ask.

Victor takes a deep breath and looks out at all of us. "There will be an important mission in the near future," he says cryptically and his eyes fall on me, "not within the next year, but because it will take you at least that long to prepare for it-or rather to prepare Nora for it." He glances at her briefly.

"OK," I say, leery, "what kind of mission?"

He sits quietly for a moment and then says, "I need you to go back to Mexico."

Confused, I reply, "Why Mexico?" But what's so confusing is how obscure he's being. "I have no problem going there, Victor. You give me a mission and I'll carry it out. Mexico doesn't scare me." We've already gone back there once. We took out two of Javier's brothers and freed some of the girls left in the compound. The mission didn't turn out like I'd hoped and many of the girls I had once lived with when I was a prisoner there, had either already been sold, or killed by the time we arrived.

He looks away from my eyes momentarily.

"Victor, what is it? Just say it."

Once again, I feel everyone's eyes on me, even Fredrik's this time, but I look at no one other than Victor.

"This mission will require something more than killing someone and coming back," he begins. "For the next several months you'll be training Nora for it."

My eyebrows crease rigidly.

"Me training her?" It starts to dawn on me, what this whole mission will be about, but I let Victor fill in the gaps.

"You were on the inside," he says to me, "and you know how things work. Everything. From the buying and selling of drugs, weapons and girls, to the way the girls were treated, to how they were killed. Nora can certainly handle any kind of mission given to her, but even she needs to be trained so she knows exactly what she's dealing with."

I look right at Nora, who sits quietly, but with confidence. "Wait a second," I cut in, "so you're saying you want me to train her to be a sex slave?" Somehow I can't fit that image in my head no matter how I try.

James' face lights up with creepy delight.

"Not necessarily," Victor says. "I've talked to her at length about this and we both agree that the best way to approach that particular aspect of it is for her to become one of the girls, not just play the part.

"It's best to become one of them," Nora says, "if I fall into it like everyone else; not taught how to be one of them."

Growing more confused, I look between Victor and Nora, searching for answers.

"I'm capable of taking on any role, even a sex slave, but you'll need to give me pointers, tell me about the behind-the-scenes, what to be most aware of, how not to get myself killed."

I shake my head, already not liking this idea.

"Victor, I imagine things aren't the same there anymore. Javier is dead. Izel is dead. His brothers are dead."

"They may be," he says, "but that doesn't mean things have changed much. Javier had six brothers that we know of. Two of them are still running his operations. The compound is still in the same place. Girls and drugs and weapons are still bought and sold as if nothing ever happened. Within two months of our last mission there, they were up and running again."

I knew most of this information already, but I see why now he had to repeat it.

Shaking my head with a whitewashed look, I lean forward with my arms on the table.

"OK, but why? Why go back? Don't get me wrong, I have no problem killing those bastards and freeing more of the girls, but-"

"That's not the mission, Izabel," Victor says.

I blink, a little stunned.

Nora and Victor exchange another knowing glance.

Then Victor says, "Nora told me something, the last night she was detained in that room, before she joined us. Something about you that I wanted to be more certain of before I said anything."

I just look at him, feeling the sting of betrayal, even though I know he didn't betray me at all.

Victor goes on:

"Also, after speaking with Dorian when he was first detained, Nora's story seemed to hold more truth." After a pause he says, "The mission to Mexico will be to figure out who Vonnegut is. You may be the only person among us who has ever seen the real Vonnegut."

"What?" I can't believe what I just heard.

He nods, and then starts to speak, but I interrupt.

"You've seen him," I point out. "What are you talking about, Victor?"

"The man who I met with on rare occasion when I was part of The Order," he begins, "who I was valued by as an operative, I have reason to believe was not the real Vonnegut. He was a decoy. The truth is that no one really knows who the real man is behind the oldest and largest assassination organization still running today. Not even the CIA or the FBI-no one. Just when they think they have an identity, they find that they're just running in circles."

Victor fills me in on everything Dorian told him, about Vonnegut's suspected dealings with selling weapons to terrorists and that his business deals in so much more than contract killing. He goes on to tell me about the things Nora told him in secret, and about the tracking device that Victor cut out of me when I was on the run with him.

"Niklas and I knew," Victor says, "the night I took that device out of you, that something that high-tech had to come from an outside source, that there was no way someone like Javier Ruiz would be able to produce it himself."

"While I was spying on all of you," Nora cuts in, "and delving into The Order's information, I found out that Vonnegut was dealing in girls, too, and was selling high-tech tracking devices like the one they found in you."

Victor adds, "I believe the device that was placed in you came from Vonnegut. I think Vonnegut was selling to Javier, and you were right there on the inside, closer to Vonnegut than just about anyone has ever been."

"But what makes you think I know what he looks like?" I shoot back, growing overwhelmed by this surprising information.

"The wealthy men that you saw when Javier was using you as an arm trophy," Victor says, "one of them I believe is the real Vonnegut."

Immediately, I start to think back on all of their faces, each one moving fast through my mind like a blur.

"He can't stay hidden forever," Victor goes on. "Someone has seen him. He may be a ghost, but he's still human and humans by nature need to associate with other humans, be in the presence of other people-I think he was one of those wealthy men, Izabel. And I think Nora going on this mission will be how we ultimately find him, dethrone him, and kill him."

He pauses and adds with depth, "And then I will take over The Order once he's dead."

I don't respond to his last comment, but for the first time since I came into the room, Fredrik's eyes lock on mine.

This is the first time I've ever heard Victor say something like that. Take over The Order, The Order...it's a conversation for another day. Right now my brain is overloaded with...everything.

I'm silent for a long time, letting everything else he's told me sink in. There still seems to be a lot that has been left unanswered, but it takes me several minutes to figure out what those things are.

"But why send Nora?" I say, looking at her for only a second. "I mean...well, I guess I can't be the one to go back in because too many already know what I look like-"

"I wouldn't let you go back in anyway," Victor cuts me off. "You'll go to Mexico and be stationed in a tourist city, but Nora will be doing the inside work."

I frown. "Why? What do you mean you won't let me go back in?" There is acid in my voice.

Victor sighs and drops his hands back in his lap.

"You don't think I'm capable of going back in," I accuse. "You think I'm just like everybody else; that because I went through a traumatic experience I'd never be able to put myself through it again, that I'd never be able to handle it. Well, you're wrong"-I slash a hand in the air-"I'm the opposite of everybody else. I'm not afraid of it. Of any of them. I'm stronger now than I ever was, and if anyone can do this job to perfection, it's me. Not Nora, but me."

"This isn't about proving yourself, Izabel," Nora says calmly and kindly.

I glare across at her. "No one asked for your opinion-"

"No, but I'm not the type to not give it," she snaps back-Ah, there's the real Nora Kessler: bold and mouthy and infuriating.

James scoots over on his chair a little to put some distance between him and Nora, probably expecting me to hurl myself across the table at her any second now.

I let it go, inhale a long, deep breath and look back at Victor.

"Like you said yourself," Victor says, "you can't be the one to go in because you can't risk being seen."

"Maybe there's a way around that," I say. "We could-"

"Izabel," Victor interrupts with a somber and firm tone, "you're not going back in there-you can't fight off every man at that compound who'd try have his way with you."

"Oh, so that's what this is about," I say icily. "You think I can't keep myself from being raped"-I look him straight in the eyes, unblinking-"trust me, I could."

"Nora will be going on the mission," he says as if that's the end of it.

Gritting my teeth, I take a deep breath and get up from the chair. "She can't go in there wired," I point out. "She can't take a camera. She won't have access to a phone. I don't doubt her skills, but if she's going to be one of the girls and make it believable, she can't be sneaking off to contact us-they'll know within minutes that she's missing." I look at her once and say, "How are you going to be the one to figure out who Vonnegut is if I'm the one who's supposedly seen him?" I cross my arms and stare intently, my eyes darting to and from Nora and Victor.

"We will figure it out," Victor says. "We have several months to come up with a plan."

I shake my head, my mouth turning up on one side.

"Victor, I'm not stupid to believe you don't already know the one sure-fire way to figure out who Vonnegut is."

He looks at me, waiting.

"Through me," I go on. "The second Vonnegut sees me, I'll know it's him because the realization of who he's looking at will flash over his eyes in that instant. And I would see it. Vonnegut is well aware of what I look like."

"Yes," Victor says, "that is the best way to find out who he is, but we'll find another way. You're not going into that compound."

"It is the only way."

"Others have seen you," he reminds me, growing irritated.

"But Javier and Izel are dead. Luis and Diego are dead and they're the only other brothers of Javier that I've seen. Whoever's running the place now I doubt knows who I am."

"We can't take that risk."

"I agree," James says. "It's too dangerous."

"Victor-"

"Izabel!"-he raises his back from the chair-"I'm not letting you go back in there!"-he takes a deep breath and calms himself-"I'm not risking you in that place-Nora, I'll risk." His cruel words don't faze her one bit; she doesn't care about such things. "You want to do missions alone and that's enough of a risk, no matter how good you get, but sending you into a place where people might remember you and who will kill you on the spot the second they realize who you are-it's not a risk I'm willing to take."

I glance at the wall, disappointed and angry, but touched by his feelings and I can't bring myself to just discard them as if they're nothing.

"I'm sorry," I say softly and Victor reaches out his hand to me. He never shows affection toward me during meetings, so the gesture takes me aback.

I walk over and take his hand. He pulls me to stand next to him. He kisses the top of my fingers. "We'll figure out a way," he says gently, "but Nora will be the one on the inside."

I nod with reluctance.

How long will you allow yourself to cut corners for me, Victor?

"I'll teach Nora everything she needs to know," I say looking back at her.

Then I take my seat again.

"You're key to making this work," Victor says.

How long will you take the alternate route just to keep me out of harm's way?

"I'll do whatever I have to do to help bring this tyrant down," I add.

How long...?

And I will do whatever Victor asks of me, but a large part of me wants to be the one on the inside. Not because I feel the need to prove myself. Not because he's letting Nora go instead of me and I feel any sense of jealousy-this has nothing to do with jealousy, or reckless determination; I want to be the one because I spent nine years of my life in Mexico among these men and I feel that if any mission should be mine, it's this one.

"In the meantime," Victor announces, "with Niklas' absence, and considering the changes made in this Order, Nora will be your new partner."

I nod with acceptance.

"And I'll continue to train you while I work with you," Nora says.

"The two of you will go on several missions together before the mission in Mexico," Victor says. "You will focus on your current missions for now, but be preparing for Mexico just the same."

Quiet falls over the room as each of us think about the road ahead.

"And what about Niklas?" I ask, determined not to let him be forgotten. "Are we planning all of these missions without him?"

"For now, yes," Victor says. "Until things between my brother and me have been resolved, it's best to assume he won't be part of any missions."

I nod in agreement.

The five of us spend the next thirty minutes discussing the details of our future missions, including getting an early start on Mexico. It's very strange sitting at this table without Dorian and Niklas. And with Nora, instead. I miss Dorian's sarcasm and ridiculous comments about women that should rub me the wrong way but never do. And I miss my fights with Niklas and his cold stares and the stink of his cigarettes lingering on his jacket.

Finally, when the meeting comes to a close, Fredrik stands from the table.

All of us look at him.

"Unless there's anything else," he says, looking only at Victor, "I have somewhere I need to be."

"And what could you possibly have to do?" Nora asks, her voice laced with taunt, her dark red lips spreading into a grin. "A man as cold as you are can't possibly have any kind of life outside of this Order." She smiles sweetly, wickedly.

Fredrik and Nora rarely speak to each other, but every now and then, her taunting personality gets away with her. Yesterday she brought up how he couldn't break her and how she's now the second woman to beat him. She's trying to get a reaction from him-I really have no idea why she'd want one-but Fredrik is, as always, unfazed by her taunts.

So far.

He takes his briefcase from the table.

"Lunch," he says simply.

Nora's brown eyes light up with suggestion. "Oh? And will you be dining alone at this lunch, or would you like some company?"

Fredrik walks down the length of the table. He never looks at her, but then he never really looks at any of us.

"I prefer to dine alone," he says.

Nora just shakes her head, smiling. Nothing ever seems to faze her, and I admire that about her. Quietly, of course; I'd never let her know it.

Fredrik looks back at Victor, waiting.

"I'll be touch," Victor tells him. "If things go as planned you'll be interrogating a man by the end of the week."

Fredrik nods, places his hand on the door and pushes it open.

"But don't leave the country," Victor calls out before Fredrik leaves. "I think it's safe to say that your alone time is over."

"Of course," Fredrik says. "I'll be waiting for your call." The door closes lightly behind him as he exits the room.

Victor turns his attention on Nora.

"And what other information do you have for me on the SC-4?" he asks.

Nora brushes her silky blonde hair away from her shoulders and folds her hands together on the table in front of her; her short are nails painted red to match her lipstick. James glances at her briefly, the same way he does every few seconds, but tries not to make it so obvious.

"Also by the end of the week," she says, "I'll have everything I know on them at your disposal."

Victor nods.

Then he says, "You have a long way to go before I even begin to trust you; a difficult road ahead."

"Yes, I'm well aware," she says in return. "If you trusted me already, I wouldn't have the respect for you that I do."

Nora looks at me.

"But some trust," she says, indicating the kind I have for her, "is very much appreciated."

I nod, accepting her thanks.

Victor looks between us, but says nothing more. Nora is my project, my responsibility, my burden to bear. He accepts that and won't deprive me of her and what I need from her even if he fears she is a mistake, but I know he'll be watching her every move.

"Well, I for one," James speaks up, "am glad to have you aboard." He smiles dopily.

Nora passes him a sultry look, causing his big, round face to turn red.

"Not sure how Niklas will feel about it," James adds, "or even Dorian-if h-he ever gets out of that cell, of course"-he glances at Victor-"but I suppose time will tell."

Yes, time tends to hold the answers to everything. And the way things are now, how things have taken such a drastic turn in our Order, I'm both anxious and afraid to see what time reveals. I guess the only thing I can do is wait. Wait for Niklas to come back and hold my breath as whatever is destined to happen between him and Victor, happens. Wait for the day that Dorian's fate will finally be decided. Wait for the moment if, or when, Victor finds out about the child I had with Javier, and brace for the consequences of the truth. Wait to see if my judgment is, in fact, off by a mile and Nora ends up making a fool of me, after all.

Waiting. Time is a cruel bitch.

23

Fredrik

About eight years ago...

Seraphina. My angel with black wings. She smiled; a crimson sheen on her lips, framed by hair as black as my soul, her eyes as deep as the bottomless pit that is my heart. She laid near the warm body, her long, white fingers coiled within the girl's silky blonde hair. Her breasts lavish and full, pressed against the girl's smaller ones. They were both naked, curled around one another. They were waiting for me.

"It's very simple," Seraphina said and she trailed the tip of her tongue across the girl's neck, looking across the room at me with those dark pools of sin and salvation. "We do everything together, my love"-her tongue traced the girl's bottom lip and the girl returned the gesture-"my devil, my dark prince."

I stepped forward, breaking apart the buttons of my dress shirt.

Seraphina went on:

"We seek vengeance together. We fuck and we love and we damn and we destroy together until the day we die together."

She reached out her dainty, but deadly hand and gestured for me, curling her fingers toward her palm, slowly and suggestively.

"Come here and taste her," she said and then dropped her hand in-between the girl's thighs. "You have to taste her."

The girl moaned with Seraphina's touch, her blonde head pressing against my wife's shoulder, her petite and tender breasts pushing into view of the dim light in the small room.

I remained standing at the foot of the bed, watching them, the way Seraphina's fingers moved with such artistic precision, how the girl's legs parted for her, exposing her most secret place to me and to the cool night air.

"I told you not to bring them here," I finally said as I slipped my belt from the loops on my black pants, the sound of leather moving against fabric in a slow and deliberate motion. "Never without my permission. And never here." I was infuriated, but I kept it inside.

Seraphina's dark red lips spread into a delightful smile. The girl fondled Seraphina's breasts, nuzzled her head in the crook of her neck; she tried to touch Seraphina below, but wasn't allowed, so she pulled her hand away, trailing her fingertips across her stomach.

"Oh, Fredrik," Seraphina said, raising her back from the bed, "you can't mean that all of the time. I'm trying to help you. This is just part of the process."

"But just the same," I said, "I've told you not to bring them into our home."

Seraphina and I shared a look, her smile darkening with disappointment; my unemotional face had not changed. But my wife was never one to back down so easily. She was never one to do as I said with the snap of two fingers because she was bold and defiant and I loved that about her.

She got up from the bed.

The girl became alert and sat up when she noticed the growing tension in the room.

"I want you to fuck her," Seraphina said. "I brought her here for you. Look at her"-she waved a hand at the girl, who was quite beautiful with plump lips and big brown eyes and curvy hips-"I thought you'd like her. I like her."

The girl glanced back and forth between us nervously.

"But this is our home, Seraphina." I stepped closer to her tall, naked form. "You know I don't like fucking them here, where we sleep, where I fuck you."

"I uh...I think I'll go now," the girl said, getting up from the bed.

"No!" Seraphina snapped, pointing at her. "Sit the fuck down." She looked back at me, glaring, gritting her teeth. Her brown eyes brilliantly gleaming in her angry oval face; the black of her short hair glistening against the creamy-white of her cheeks.

The girl was too afraid to move. She remained on the bed, drawing her knees up toward her and covering her breasts with her long hair.

"You can go," I told the girl, jerking my head backward, indicating the opened door behind me.

"I said she fucking stays, Fredrik!"

Seraphina started to lunge across the bed for the girl, but I grabbed her from behind, gripping her firmly around her waist. The girl jumped up quickly with wide eyes and grabbed her clothes from the floor.

Seraphina fought me every step, every moment, until the girl rushed out and I heard the front door of our small house shut behind her.

"Bastard!"

Wrenching Seraphina's hands behind her back, I shoved her over forward onto the bed.

"Why do you do this, Seraphina?" I asked her, my voice choked with anger and desperation. She struggled against the bed, but I held her still, stepping between her legs and spreading them apart with my own. "It's my only rule and you break it. Why?"

"Because it's a stupid fucking rule!" she shouted, one cheek pressed against the mattress.

Leaning over her body with her wrists still bound behind her in one of my hands, I whispered into her ear, "Is it stupid that I love you, Seraphina?"-my grip tightened around her wrists-"Is it stupid that I never want to share you or myself with someone else in our home?"

"What difference does it make?" she asked in a calmer, but bitter voice. "It doesn't matter where we do it."

"It matters to me." I kissed the side of her mouth.

"Why?"

"Because there must be boundaries," I said and rose upright again. "We will not fuck or kill or destroy any person in our home. Do you understand?"

She nodded her head still pressed against the mattress.

"Now are you going to be still or am I going to have to tie you up?"

"I'll be still," she said.

I released her wrists and she moved her arms out and rested them on the mattress above her head.

"And why will you be still?" I prompted as I got a firm grip on the belt in my hand.

"Because I deserve it," she said, the same way she had said it the times before that I had to punish her.

I crouched down between her legs and with both of my hands I spread them apart just a bit farther to expose her to me.

"I don't know what I'm going to do with you," I said and kissed the warm flesh of her ass.

"You don't know what you'd do without me," she said in return.

I kissed the other cheek. "No, I don't, and I never want to find out."

She moaned and her body stiffened when my tongue snaked out and licked her clit.

I rose into a stand and stepped from between her legs. She remained still, waiting, knowing, bracing. I watched her for a moment. She pushed up on her toes just a little, enough to brace her legs as she lay flat against the mattress from the waist up. I wanted so badly to put my cock in her, I wanted to squeeze her ass in my hands and fuck her until neither of us could see straight, but she had to be dealt with first. I could never let her have her way when it came to these things or she would become uncontrollable. Seraphina may have been helping me to control my torturous urges, my murderous urges, but I was not the only one of us who needed to be taught and controlled and guided-Seraphina was a dangerous and wicked woman who could lose herself at any moment and could never have too much control.

The sound of leather striking skin ripped through the air and Seraphina cried out. But she did not move. Twice. Four times. Six times. Ten times, the belt struck her flesh, leaving welts across her bottom. Still, she never moved; only her fingers gripped the bed, ripping the sheet from the mattress and crushing it in her hands.

Eleven. Twelve. Thirteen.

I did not relent. I could never let her see weakness in me or I would lose her. Spanking Seraphina lightly, taking pity on her, would only turn her off. It was a good thing because I would never have taken pity on her. I liked inflicting the pain as much as she liked taking it.

"Fredrik, please!" she begged with a tear-choked voice. "Please stop..."

I slapped the leather down again, and again, and again until I reached twenty. It was always twenty. She knew it would always be twenty lashes no matter how much she begged me to stop.

I set the belt aside on the bed and crouched between her legs once more. Her body trembled underneath my careful hands, resisted for only seconds underneath my warm lips. I kissed every inch of her pain, every welt, every minuscule cut where the skin had broken. And then I gently pulled her lips apart with my fingers and dragged the tip of my warm tongue between them. Slowly. Intently. Seraphina moaned and whimpered and dug her fingers into the mattress.

She no longer felt the pain.

All she knew was the pleasure.

I fucked her hard, the only way either of us ever wanted it-hard and violent. And after I came, I lay across her back, still buried inside of her.

I kissed her back and her spine and her shoulders and her neck. The razorblade beckoned me on the nightstand, but I waited. Just a little longer.

"There is no one else in the world like us, my love," she said in a soft voice, staring off at nothing with her cheek pressed against the mattress. "I would die without you."

Absently, I continued to push myself deep inside of her slowly.

"You'll never be without me," I said and kissed the back of her neck. "And like you said before, we'll die together."

"Do you promise, Fredrik? Will you go down with me if I die before you?"

I kissed the side of her mouth, pressing my hips against her. She gasped.

"When you die, I die too," I whispered against her ear. "You're the love of my life. My beautiful swan. And you'll be my undoing."

I swelled inside of her. Her lips parted in a silent, breathy gasp and her fingers found the top of my dark hair.

"No one can ever love you like I love you," she said. "No woman in this world knows you like I know you, understands your needs, your pain, your past. No woman can ever give you what I give you."

And she was right.

I thrust harder and deeper and suddenly the razorblade was wedged between my fingertips and thumb.

I raised my chest from her back, just enough that I could see it.

Seraphina whimpered and gripped the bed when I made the first cut, vertically down her back about two inches. It would soon heal and become like the other scars I'd left there. Then I leaned over and lapped at the blood seeping from the wound with my tongue. Seraphina raised her bottom against me, forcing me deeper. My fingers wound tightly within her hair.

I leaned over farther, seeking her mouth with my own, and I kissed her long and hard and bloody.

"No one, Fredrik," she whispered and licked my tongue, "no one will ever love you like me."

I don't know how long I've been staring down into this newspaper, the words printed in black ink blurred across my vision. How long will my memories of Seraphina torture me? Oh yes, of course-until I die along with her like I promised.

My briefcase is on the floor underneath the table, sitting upright between the wall and my legs, hidden in the darkness. The patrons in this diner, like in every public place, are oblivious. They have no perception of the truth, the same truth that surrounds them every day of their quiet, innocent lives-that evil lives next door, passes them on a sidewalk, prepares their meals, or in this case, dines just a table over from them. If they only knew what secrets my briefcase knows, or the horrific things these hands have done. Or the vivid and merciless memories that plague my mind like a wound that never heals.

I curl two fingers around the handle of my coffee and bring the mug to my lips, gently blowing steam rising from the top before taking a careful sip. Again, my eyes scan the newspaper on the booth table in front of me-maybe this time I'll actually read the words.

I go to set the mug back down, but just before it settles safely back on the table, the kid sitting in the booth behind me bangs his head against the back of my seat again. A few droplets fall from the rim and onto the table. I calmly wipe them up with a napkin.

"Avery!" the mother scolds. "I told you to sit still-I'm really sorry."

I think that last comment was meant for me.

I turn my head only slightly, not enough to see the woman, but enough she knows I heard her.

"It's fine," I say and go back to reading the newspaper.

Three more times-in addition to the probably ten others before that one-the little boy bangs against the back of my seat, until finally the mother hurriedly leaves with him, apologizing to me again just before she walks away with her young son's hand clasped in hers. And yet again, I told her it was fine. What I didn't tell her though is that I, in a strange way, welcomed the nuisance. I tend to appreciate the simple, and otherwise irritating things in life-after a night of torturing someone, an innocent little boy beating the back of my seat, being a little boy, is a nice change of atmosphere. I envy this 'Avery'. What kind of man would I be today if I had been allowed to dine with my mother and not care what the man sitting behind me thought about my head hitting the back of his seat? Perhaps that briefcase underneath the table would be filled with paper and a packaged lunch rather than needles and knives and pliers and poisons and rubber gloves. Perhaps there would be another woman in the world who could love and understand me.

"Ready for a refill?" I hear a sweet voice say.

I look up, pulling my mind back into the moment, to see my waitress whose nametag reads 'Emily', holding a pot of coffee in one hand.

"No thank you."

She smiles down at me from an oval-shaped face with kind lips and kind hazel eyes and cream-colored skin.

"Are you going to have your usual today?" she asks. "Two eggs scrambled. Three slices of bacon-crunchy not flimsy-and a glass of lemon water?"

I glance at her. "No, I won't be having breakfast today." I look back into the newspaper.

Silence fills the space between us.

Finally, she says, "Well maybe tomorrow then-"

"No, I won't be here tomorrow, either."

"Oh."

The silence begins to stretch. I never look up from the paper.

"Well, OK I'll...leave you to your coffee."

The waitress named Emily, who has been my waitress every other morning for the past three weeks, begins to walk away, leaving her bright personality on the floor behind her.

"Wait," I call out in a normal voice, and she stops to look back at me. "I uh..."-I look at the table, and then my coffee mug, and then back at Emily-"...yes, I think I'd like to have my usual this morning."

Her beautiful smile returns, her hazel eyes shining underneath her golden-brown hair.

"Great," she says nodding, "I'll be back in a few."

She's been trying to talk to me for two weeks out of the three I've been coming here, but I've always avoided her. She's beautiful and kind and sweet and that's precisely why I've not given in to her attempts at casual conversation-she's not the kind of girl I could fuck and walk away from, with no guilt for her hurt feelings.

I'm not sure why I stopped her.

Ten minutes later she comes back with my breakfast on a plate in one hand and a glass of lemon water in the other. She sets them on the table in front of me as I move the newspaper out of the way, folding it up and laying it on the seat.

"Do you work nearby?" she asks as she jots something down on her order tablet in the palm of her hand.

"No," I say as I sprinkle pepper onto my eggs, "I just enjoy the breakfast." And I quite enjoy the sense of normalcy having breakfast in the same diner every other morning gives me, I don't say out loud.

She rips off the ticket and places it face-down on the table.

"Well, I'm happy to be your waitress every other morning," she says with a pretty smile that suggests something else.

She's shy, but she's trying to be brave and I find it endearing.

The silence begins to stretch again.

"Well, enjoy your meal," she says and then slips her ticket book inside the pocket of her apron.

"Thank you," I tell her and offer her a small smile before turning back to my meal.

She nods and glances at the ticket just long enough for me to catch her. Feeling like she wants me to look at it before she walks away, I take it into my fingers and turn it over to find a phone number written across the front, instead of my meal or how much I owe.

She blushes underneath her smile. "You can give me a call if you want to go out sometime"-her blush deepens and it alone intrigues me-"that is...if you're single. Or even...interested."

She's very nervous and growing more-so the longer she stands there and I don't say anything.

"I mean, you're not married as far as I can tell"-she glances nervously at my ringless ring finger-"but if you're not interested-"

"You're a very beautiful woman," I cut her off so she can shed the regret and humiliation she had begun to feel. "And no, I'm certainly not married. I'm very single."

She smiles, close-lipped. I notice another waitress standing by the register, watching us, and beaming. She looks away when she sees that I've noticed.

I keep my attention on Emily.

"You've never asked a man out before have you?"

Her face gets redder and she can barely look at my eyes anymore.

"Is it that obvious?" she asks, wrinkling her small nose.

I let the smile in my eyes touch my lips more.

"Yes, but I like it."

We don't say anything else for a few seconds. She can't stop smiling and I'm just confused by my reaction.

"Well, I've gotta get back to work," she says and turns on her heels.

I nod and then just before she walks away I say, "I get home around nine tonight. I'll call you before nine-thirty."

I guess it can't hurt to at least talk to her...

Her close-lipped smile brightens, she nods and makes her way to a table where two new patrons have just sat down.

I eat my breakfast, place a large tip on the table underneath the coffee cup and then leave quietly with my briefcase in-hand.

