SPIRITS RISING
Book 1 of the Spirit Caller Series

Published by Krista D. Ball 
Copyright 2014 by Krista D. Ball

Cover Design by Streetlight Graphics Inc.
Interior Design by Indigo Chick Designs
Editing by C. Hewitt


This book is a work of fiction. Any resemblance of characters to actual persons, living or dead, is purely coincidental.

Smashwords Edition License Notes
This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only.  This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people.  If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient.  If you’re reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your enjoyment only, then please return to Smashwords.com or your favorite retailer and purchase your own copy.  Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.






CHAPTER 1
The Problem with Not-People

“I’m not sure about this latte thing, Rachel,” my elderly neighbour said. Steam billowed from the bright blue-and-yellow mug in her hands that read BEST GREAT-GREAT-GRANDMOTHER, the second “great” having been scribbled above the other with a black marker. She sniffed, her face uncertain.
“Go on, Mrs. Saunders,” I urged. “I think you’ll like it. Where’s my mail?”
She shot me her signature “don’t rush me, missy” look before saying, “It’s in the basket by the microwave. I got Amy to pick it up from the post office for you every few days.” 
“I’ll give her a call tomorrow and thank her.” Amy was Mrs. Saunders’s granddaughter who lived three villages down the road and was such a sweetheart about running errands for people. I retrieved the wicker basket from the counter. The mail was six inches high, so I carried the entire basket back to the table. Mrs. Saunders took a cautious sip of the steaming beverage. No reaction yet. She took another sip.
The old lady lived next door and was perhaps my best friend since I’d moved to Newfoundland. I’d never called her by her first name. As the oldest woman in the entire Northern peninsula of the province, she received the Mrs. honorific; no one used Mrs. Saunders’s first name. It was one of those Newfoundland rules, or so I’d been told. I’d met eighty-year-olds who called her “Mrs. Saunders.”
“Well?”
She shot me a look. “It’s too hot and it has frothy stuff on top.” She took another sip and smacked her lips.
I grinned and turned to my mail pile. It consisted of a month’s worth of bills, junk mail, and a postcard from the dentist reminding me I was overdue for a visit. In other words, perfectly normal. 
I looked at the old lady suspiciously. “Well?”
Mrs. Saunders ignored my glare and pointed at her kitchen counter. “Be a good girl and put a spot of gin in this.”
I had meant the question in reference to the mail, which she bloody well knew from that impish smile on her face. I shook my finger at her, but I walked over to the kitchen counter again, where a near-empty bottle of gin sat in the corner, under one of the dozens of crucifixes scattered throughout the hundred-year-old house. Next to the gin sat a bag of molasses cookies, an apple pie, and two jars of homemade raspberry jam, all neatly arranged like a pagan offering to the gin god.
I gave her a disapproving glare. “I thought the doctor told you to lay off the sweets.” 
She swatted at my butt when I walked by her. “Don’t start with me, missy.”
I dribbled a few drops of the pungent booze into her hot drink. Gin latte. The baristas would not approve. While I gave her a hard time on occasion, I didn’t want to harp on her. No point to it. She had a great-grandchild my age. What did I know?
She tsked at me. “Oh, that’s not enough for a baby with colic. Give me a proper shot’s worth,” she chided me, swatting my butt again. When I jumped, she giggled with her hand over her mouth. “You’ve been putting on weight. You didn’t get pregnant in Mexico, did you now?”
“Women don’t carry babies in their bums, Mrs. Saunders. You should know that, seeing how you’ve had thirteen of your own.” 
“Only because birth control was illegal back when I was poppin’ out the youngsters. Now, top that thing up.”
I shot her my best annoyed look and poured enough gin into her coffee mug to raise the liquid inside by a good centimetre. “You’re not having any more.” 
She sipped at the beverage. “Ah, that’s better. Latte, you said?”
I nodded and put the bottle in the middle of the small kitchen table, circa 1970s, complete with polished chrome. It was my Christmas gift to her. I wanted to buy her a new one, but she insisted on this garage-sale table. 
“So, where is the rest of my mail?” I asked accusingly. 
She took another taste and smacked her lips. “Gin makes everything better. I’m happy you’re back ‘ome.”
I knew she was putting me off, but I decided to go along with it for a bit. I smiled at her and stretched my rather short legs as best I physically was able and propped them up on the adjacent chair. “It’s good to be back. Mexico was nice, though.”
The old woman scowled, sipping her beverage. “You young people travel too much. Until you came along, I hadn’t left the Peninsula in forty-seven years.”
I smiled. “Let’s drive into St. John’s this weekend and see your great-great-grandson. He should be crawling by now.”
She waved off my suggestion, like she always did. In a couple of days, though, she’d bring it up again and ask if I wanted to go for a drive. It was her way and I loved her for it. I had nothing else to do anyway, other than dodge my mother’s voicemails over why I didn’t have a job yet.
I rifled through the mail again, just in case I missed something, while Mrs. Saunders talked about the latest gas prices (even though she didn’t drive), the cost of apples (even though she had no teeth), and the general gossip that circulates around a small town.  
I peered over at Mrs. Saunders and cocked an eyebrow. “All right. Where is the rest of it?”
A moment passed before she said, “I burned it. I ran out of kindling and starting a fire is about the only good use for that foolishness. It poisons me to see that nonsense goin’ on.”
I knew she’d taken it. “It’s a crime to steal mail, you know. I should have Jeremy arrest you,” I said, trying to keep my tone light. I wasn’t upset she burned the stupid religious tracts that kept showing up in my mailbox; rather, I was upset a woman approaching a century old had to even see that level of hate. 
I frowned, recalling that the mysterious “they” had taped an anti-Catholic tract on my front door before they started with their “pagans work for the devil” propaganda crap. Inaccurate, since I’m neither Catholic nor pagan. “They didn’t send the one about Catholics and the Pope burning in Hell did they?” I prayed they had not; Mrs. Saunders was a devoted Catholic. I figured a woman her age shouldn’t have to read anything hateful or upsetting about her religious beliefs; she’d earned the right.
Mrs. Saunders looked genuinely disappointed. “I would have kept that one to put on the fridge. This one was the ‘burn the witches.’ It had Bible verses and everything. Shame on whoever is turning the holy word into that . . .” she lowered her voice, “shit.” 
I let out a frustrated sigh. “I wish they’d send something new. Or, stop sending them. It makes a woman feel unwelcome when she gets regular hate mail from her neighbours.”
“Now, now, your neighbours aren’t the ones doing this. We’re good Christian folks around here. It’s no one from Wisemen’s Cove, I’ll tell you that right now. It’s one of those fools from St. Anthony, coming up here to cause trouble.” 
Mrs. Saunders shivered and put her mug down. She made her way to the cast-iron stove at the opposite end of the kitchen. It was the old-fashioned style you usually find in pioneer school houses, as opposed to someone’s kitchen. Hers was fancier than most, coated in white ceramic on the sides with a large top hutch where bread was kept warm for supper. She cooked on the stove top and still used the old oven to bake her cookies and molasses buns.
I didn’t offer to help her. I’ve been haunted by centuries-old ghosts that weren’t as strong and determined as her. The last time, she yelled at me and smacked me with the wood poker. Only, she forgot it had been inside the fire and singed my jeans.
She didn’t look at me when she spoke. “I told Father Frank about all this, just so you know. I spoke to that new Pentecostal fellow, Pastor Roberts, too, said he won’t be gettin’ any souls saved letting his crowd harass harmless folk like you.” 
“Mrs. Saunders,” I said in a patient voice, “I have no interest in converting to Christianity. I’m suspicious of the lot of them.”
She shook the fire poker at me. “I’m a Christian, young lady. Watch your mouth.”
“You know what I mean. I’ve just had bad experiences with some.”
“Can’t paint us all with the same brush.”
She turned her back and I picked up her mug and sipped. My throat burned. Gin latte, indeed.
“And you working with the policemen, persons, whatever you feminists call yours.” She gave an indignant grunt. “No respect these young people have today for the law.”
I smiled, even though she couldn’t see me. My own mother didn’t meddle as much as this woman. “I’m not working for them anymore, remember? My contract expired. I’m unemployed now.” I left out as my mother reminds me daily. “Besides, I was a grief counsellor. It wasn’t like I was a cop or anything.”
Mrs. Saunders waved me off. She reached down and, using one hand to brace herself against the wall, picked up a piece of birch firewood from the neat stack next to the stove. Using a hook, she pulled up a circular insert from the top and stuffed the log into the hole. Smoke puffed and curled up from the stove when she poked at the fire to stir up the flame.
“Mrs. Saunders . . .” I started, but gave up almost as fast. I knew she meant well, and I didn’t want her to think I was ungrateful. I wasn’t. “It doesn’t bother me that people are afraid of me. I’m used to it. Maybe moving here wasn’t the best choice.”
She shook her finger at me. “None of that foolishness. Back in my time, we had no problem with sensitive people like you. Even the Church recognizes that angels and demons and bad spirits are out there. You just happen to feel them more than the rest of us. No ‘arm in that.”
The weariness lifted from my soul a little. When I first moved to the northern Newfoundland town, a number of the older people called me “sensitive.” I took a bit of offence to it, at first, until Jeremy, a local Mountie and good friend, told me it was shorthand for “sensitive to the paranormal.” 
If that didn’t sum me up, nothing would. 
If only I could pop that skill into Mrs. Saunders’s stove like a piece of birch firewood, life would be a whole lot simpler, to say nothing of quieter.
My cell phone buzzed. I grabbed my purse from the floor and answered.
“Ah, Miss Mills?” a young man’s shaky voice asked.
“Yes,” I said. The voice sounded familiar, but I couldn’t quite place it.
“Um, it’s Manuel O’Toole. I’m really sorry to call, but I heard you’re back in town and I’m . . . I need help.”
I glanced at the wall clock. The arms of Jesus read 8:25 p.m. 
“It’s a bit early for needing a ride from a party, isn’t it?” 
I rolled my eyes at Mrs. Saunders who clucked her tongue. The town teens knew they could call me and I’d give them an anonymous lift home to avoid them drinking and driving. While I had a lot of support from all the tiny towns around the area—some parents even joined me in offering rides—some became very angry at me for doing it. It probably had something to do with my driving home some of their drunken kids.
No matter, I was a grown-up and I wasn’t letting a silly thing like crazy parents prevent me from stopping kids killing their drunken selves on the highway. I’m a trained social worker. My dad’s a retired Mountie. My mom’s a doctor. I’d never be able to look myself in the mirror again if I let a kid drink and drive and die. “Where do I need to pick you up?”
“It’s nothing like that. There’s a bunch of, um, people in the house and I can’t get rid of them. Mom and Dad are gone for the weekend to Deer Lake, see, for a church thing, and these guys are trashing the place. Dad’s going to skin me alive if these guys are still here when he gets home.”
He had that right. “Who’s there? I can have their parents meet us.”
“Ah, see . . .” He hesitated. “They’re not real people.”


CHAPTER 2
All’s Fair in Love and Zombies

I’ve lived in and around a lot of small, quiet towns in my life. None were as creepily quiet as the entire Northern peninsula of Newfoundland. Perhaps it was the nor’easter wind that blew through the tuckamores on a regular basis, twisting and bending the spruce and balsam into leaning towers of woodland. Or maybe the palatable salt that lingered in the ocean air. But the entire area was just damned quiet. Not sleepy. Quiet.
Kids get into trouble, especially kids like Manny with too little to do and too many restrictions from well-meaning parents. It was never real trouble, though. Mrs. Saunders never even locked her doors at night. God, folks left their keys in the ignition when they ran into Ricky’s Convenience Store to buy a pack of smokes.
I drove along the highway to St. Anthony and the O’Tooles’ home—all of twenty minutes away. The wind gusted against the car and I had to drive below the speed limit to stay on my side of the road. The makeshift scarecrows along the roadside gardens shook as the gales ripped at the bags and fabrics meant to scare away the crows. 
I passed my vegetable patch. The wind had already ripped the scarecrow away. I’d not been back in a month, so I needed to dig out the potatoes soon. When I’d first moved to Wisemen’s Cove, I thought it strange that people didn’t garden on their property. That was before I realized how pervasive the wind was. Inland, behind the tree barrier, was the way to go.
As I approached St. Anthony—pronounced Sant’ney by the locals—the dense presence of something other hung in the air of the centuries-old fishing town and pressed against me. It wasn’t that way at Mrs. Saunders’s, but, as soon as I pulled away from view of her two-story, royal-blue house, the other grew thicker like the morning fog that often blanketed the area.
I tried justifying it away. It was my first day back, after all, and my senses probably hadn’t adjusted to the . . .
I sighed. My intuition said Manny’s house crashers were a part of the supernatural that unsettled the air. I was humble enough to listen to my intuition’s wisdom. It was never wrong, unlike me. It said something was up, so I’d listen. I pushed aside the mounting unease in my soul. 
I refuse to let spirits dictate my emotions and sense of peace. A girl’s gotta have standards.
Being a bad example for driving and talking, it being illegal and all, I flipped open my cell. I took a deep breath, steadied my voice, and went for nonchalant. “Hey, Jeremy.”
“Hey, Rachel,” came the voice from the other end, muffled by chewing, “How long you been back?”
I sucked in a breath. Jeremy was the reason I went to Mexico for a month. Casual, Rachel. He’s taken. Go for casual. “I just got back. Listen, David O’Toole’s kid is in some kind of trouble. Can you meet me at his house?”
He snorted. “Bit uneasy going to David’s, huh?” He slurped his drink empty, though I could detect the faint snicker in his voice. “My shift just ended. I don’t mind.”
I nodded, even though I was on the phone, keeping things serious. “The kid’s in some sort of trouble and with David away—”
“It’s no problem, Rachel,” Jeremy said, cutting me off. “I’m at the Kozy Korner, so it’ll only take me a couple minutes to drive there. I’ll meet you.”
“Thanks.” I hung up. Okay, that went all right. I blew out the lungful of air I held. See, Mom? I can be a grown up. 
A few minutes later, I pulled into Manny’s driveway, gravel crunching under my tires. Chills pricked my spine and whispers enveloped me. My heart pounded and the hairs on my arms stood on end. Movies and books always present the paranormal as spooky because, frankly, it is. Even to folks sensitive to it. 
Especially to us sensitive types. Three calming breaths and a few words in Cree I’d learned from my grandmother surrounded me in an insulating blanket that buffered the spiritual unrest from Manny’s house. I stepped out of my car, slowly, cell phone in hand, adjusting my own soul to the voices in the evening air until they did not claw at my spiritual insides. 
The September wind pulled at my jacket, cutting through my jeans, and it muffled the sounds around the O’Toole house. Manny’s home was just off the town’s main drag, an average, fifty- or sixty-year-old house, a two-story building  painted bright pink. A Newfoundlander’s house wasn’t a proper house if it was painted plain ol’ beige. The street was quiet, not surprising considering the weather.
Echoing voices, too low to understand, floated in the wind and made my skin crawl. I heard the metallic clang of an aluminum door and Manny came running from the side of the house. He was a pudgy kid of fifteen, wearing Toronto Maple Leafs sweatpants and a Boston Bruins jersey. 
Manny ran up to me, panting. “They’re inside, in the basement,” he whispered, though he was breathing so heavily it wouldn’t have mattered.
I eyed Manny for a moment, looking for evidence of drug use or intoxication of any form. A bad drug trip, or to some a good trip, could make you hallucinate almost anything. I knew a girl in high school to whom the Virgin Mary appeared and cooked her bacon and eggs every Sunday during church. Then, we found out she was also doing a double hit of acid before the sermon. Hell, I believe in the spiritual and supernatural and I’m convinced that most of the sightings out there are drug-induced. 
With enough experience, a person could generally tell by a four-second look into someone’s eyes. I’d learned that growing up in the north where too many of my friends fell in with the troublemakers. He looked clean, even though his eyes were wide and his face flushed.
Sensing what I was doing, Manny rolled his eyes. “Come on, I’m not on drugs. Can you just come in? Please?”
I hid a smirk. Apparently, his father had tried that technique on him a few times. “I’m just waiting for Constable Garrett.”
Manny’s jaw dropped. “You called the Mounties?”
I heard the rumble of a vehicle and looked over my shoulder. A white RCMP vehicle with the standard Mountie-on-a-horse-holding-a-flag emblem painted on the door pulled into the driveway. I waved at Jeremy, who joined us quickly. 
He was still in the navy blue uniform, though his Kevlar vest and radio earbud were notably missing, no doubt discarded in his car as soon as his shift ended. He was a good-looking man, with easy features and a sly grin. He was around my age, late twenties, and taken. Very, very taken. Hence my solo vacation.
I wasn’t sure if the mounting headache was from the other or from seeing Jeremy. I really needed to move away from this man. Too bad lesbianism wasn’t contagious; I’d be open to almost anything to get me over that idiot. Either way, the pressure behind my eyes built momentum.
Manny was clearly less impressed with Jeremy than I was because he went wide-eyed and glared at me. “He’s totally going to tell Dad! I’m so dead.”
“Murder is illegal and I doubt your father would do anything to break the law,” Jeremy said, giving me a wink. I did not collapse into a puddle on the ground because, you know, danger and spirits and all that fun stuff.
“Besides,” Jeremy said, turning back to Manny, “I didn’t tell your father about the time I picked you up on the side of the road after you’d passed out and a moose was licking vomit off your chest.”
I made a disgusted sound. “Eww. Thanks for that.”
A loud crash came from inside. The three of us snapped our heads around to face the house. “What on earth was that?” I asked.
“I have no idea.” Manny sighed, as though resigned to the gallows. He looked at me, pensively. “No one else would have believed me and I figured you’d know what to do. I don’t know anyone else who’s into witchcraft.”
“I don’t practice witchcraft,” I mumbled. Muffled drumming drifted from the house and I shifted my gaze to Jeremy, who shrugged. “Okay, let’s go.”
Manny let out a deep breath, as though he’d been holding it. “Okay. Um, thanks, by the way.” 
I frowned. “All I know is that there’ll be hell to pay if this is Billy Watkins dressed up to scare you.”
Manuel frantically shook his head. “It’s not Billy.”
The three of us walked towards the house. I’d never been inside David O’Toole’s house. He was the local deacon at the Pentecostal church and had never been overly nice to me. Oh, sure, he was always inviting me to church and smiling whenever he came across me at the grocery store in town, but I knew he called me “witch” behind my back.
I’m not even Wiccan.
Having Jeremy with me would make it legitimate. Besides, it’s never a good idea for an adult to go visit a teenager when their parents are away and when those parents think you are in league with the Devil, capital D. Jeremy was an RCMP officer. That made it all nice and tidy for the paperwork in case these were home invaders.
As we approached, the drumming grew louder. Laughing and singing spilled up from inside the basement. I crept in behind Manny who pointed down the stairs to a finished basement, a rarity in these old homes.
When I reached the bottom of the stairs, my jaw dropped. Manny’s parents, Irene and David O’Toole, belonged to the local welcoming committee.  But I was certain that they’d never purposely invite a dozen drunken Vikings, in full fur-and-sword regalia, into their home to drink Black Horse Beer and Newfie Screech.
“What the hell,” Jeremy said.
The Viking horde more or less ignored us, opting to clang their bottles together or drunkenly pour the potent Screech into empty glasses, spilling half on the floor. I watched the burly men gasp and grimace as the rum went down. If a Viking struggles with it, you know it’s strong.
Jeremy stood there, mouth hanging open. “Did the guys from L’Anse Aux Meadows forget to take their costumes off?”
I held my breath; the headache caused spots across my vision. These weren’t costumed locals, dressed up for the tourists visiting the Viking site. These were real Vikings. A ball of dread formed in my guts. 
Jeremy obviously didn’t realize this, as he cleared his throat and said, “All right, boys. Party’s over. Move on home, now.”
The party continued without acknowledging him.
“Jeremy, stop speaking.”
Jeremy gave me a puzzled look. “Why? Who are these guys?”
“I’m not sure that they are guys in the biblical sense of the word.”
Jeremy had talked to me about the paranormal on various occasions when we’d been working or went out for dinner together. He’d seen a ghost when he was a kid, but it wasn’t like he was a firm believer or anything.  I’d have to tread lightly. Not to mention poor Manny, whose upbringing would have had him convinced that the very depths of Hell were opening to swallow him whole.
Manny gulped. “That’s why I called you. They’re spirits or ghosts or zombies.”
“Zombies aren’t real,” I said, annoyed. I eyed Manny, suspicion filling me. He didn’t seem overly shocked by all this. He was upset and terrified, sure, but considering that a horde of drunken Vikings were standing in his basement, he seemed rather calm about the entire thing.
“Um, Rachel,” Jeremy said, shifting his weight and I imagined he’d moved his hand to settle on his sidearm. “What do you mean, ‘not in the biblical sense’?”
Angry, whispering voices echoed inside my head. It was difficult to even hear Jeremy through all of the chatter. Cold spread through me. I shivered. “These are spirits.”
“Shouldn’t they be, you know, see-through?” Manny stammered out.
I shook my head, not taking my eyes off the Vikings. They were aware of us. They’d pointed at us a few times and leaned in to whisper to one another. But, other than indulging in what appeared to be Viking gossip about our weirdness, they didn’t seem bothered by our presence.
“Rachel, what’s going on?”
I ignored Jeremy’s question, though I touched his forearm lightly. “Manny, have they spoken to you?”
Manny shook his head. “Not really. They pushed me out of the way a few times and saluted me with their bottles. But, mostly, they just grabbed the rum off the table, raided the fridge, and carried on talking to each other. I don’t know what they are saying.”
“Um, Rachel, if they aren’t real people,” Jeremy said, his features ashen, “how exactly do we convince them to leave?”
“I can try a few things.”
“Exactly what are they?” 
“Remember the green, misty people in Lord of the Rings?” 
He nodded.
“Like them, only with flesh instead of green mist.”
“Oh.” He looked back at the Vikings. “Rum-drinking spirits. Great.”
A thought struck me and I turned to the young man at my side. “Manny, where did they get the liquor?”
Manuel turned red. “Um, ah, see, um—”
“Your mother will skin me alive if she finds out I knew you were drinking and didn’t tell her,” Jeremy said.
“Come on, man. I’m fifteen.”
“It’s illegal for you to purchase alcohol. I know for a fact that this isn’t your father’s. Who bought this for you? And, if you bought it yourself, I want to know who sold—”
“Shut up, you two,” I said, grabbing Jeremy’s arm. I pointed. “Look.”
The Vikings had stopped their drinking. A broad, bearded man held up a hand, and the bone, shell, and bead ornamentals dangling from his clothes clicked against each other. He did not speak, but the gesture was clear. The others responded instantly. All chatter ceased. A cold breeze blew my hair, even though no windows were opened. Chills went through me. I knew that feeling. Oh, Christ above, I knew that feeling. “I think we have a rather large problem.”
Jeremy rolled his eyes. “You think? We have a gang of Viking zombies in a Pentecostal deacon’s basement. We might as well break out the pentagrams and the goats.”
“They aren’t zombies. They’re solid ghosts.” My hands shook and my back muscles shuddered, as though I’d been in a freezer. “There are more coming. Lots more.”
I tentatively stepped towards the leader.  I flicked my gaze at the basement window and then back at him, giving what I hoped was a quizzical look, hoping the facial gesture was universal across time.
The Viking leader leaned towards me. I didn’t understand most of what he said, but one word stuck. I swallowed hard. “Did you say skraeling?”
He shushed me before nodding his head, eyes widening. The men around him stiffened into attack postures. Axes, swords, and clubs slipped out from scabbards and belts. 
“Manny,” I said as calmly as possible, keeping my voice low, “is there a room down here with a lock on it?”
“Yeah, the bathroom.”
In the same steady, low tone, I instructed, “Lock yourself in there and don’t come out until I call.”
“Why? What’s a skraeling?” Manny asked.
I looked at Jeremy’s confused face which seemed to be asking the same question. “Know what a Beothuk is?”
“Well, yeah. I’m not stunned or anyt’ing,” he said with teenaged exaggeration.
Everyone in St. Anthony would. The Beothuk were an extinct group of aboriginal peoples, who died out a couple centuries ago. Their forerunners were the reason that the Vikings didn’t stay a thousand years before.
I took a deep breath. “I think their ancestors are outside.”
The man pointed at the window, and pushed a protective arm in front of me. Spirit energy surged through me and I gasped in a breath, nearly collapsing under the pressure. My own soul and mind screamed in agony.
As he withdrew from me, I heard his whisper, “Skraelings.”


CHAPTER 3
Viking Hordes and Newfie Screech

When a thundering horde of drunken Vikings rush a person, it’s only natural to flinch. Unfortunately, I flinched so much that I tripped over several cardboard boxes and fell on my ass. Pamphlets fell out of a box and covered my legs with messages of doom, destruction, and hellfire.
I stared at the pamphlets, stunned. David was a lot of things, but I couldn’t see him going door-to-door taping tracts to everyone’s house, and making sure I got the extra special “burn in hell, you witch” ones. For pity’s sake, the man had a job.But, there was no time to ponder the personal virtues of David O’Toole, when there was a Viking spirit infantry assault happening three feet from my face. 
With the exception of heavy footsteps thumping on the wooden stairs and the creak of the closing aluminum door, I couldn’t hear the spirits. I’d expected their charge to involve drunken singing, shouts, and chants. Wasn’t that the stereotype? They were quiet, though I knew they were still there, even beyond their lingering presence touching my soul. 
I looked up at the basement window and saw the shadows of boots passing by the window as the Viking spirits hugged the house.
I turned back to Jeremy and Manuel, the former’s mouth hanging open and the latter pasty white. 
“Jeremy, we need to figure out where they’re going.”
Jeremy stared at me like I was a raving lunatic, his blue eyes wide. “Why?”
“Because,” I said, in that slow, steady tone reserved for terrified dogs, “a dozen spirits just manifested themselves into solid form in a kid’s basement. They were interacting with their surroundings. That means they can hurt people.”
Manny had not moved like I’d told him. “I’m serious, Manny. Into the bathroom,” I snapped.
He looked at me, up the stairs, and back to me. “Dad says you’re a devil worshipper.” 
I rolled my eyes. “No. I just happen to be buddies with the spirit side.” I blew out a breath. The supernatural pressed against my soul but I pushed it to the side. I focused on the steps necessary for everyone’s safety.
“All right, first, Manny get yourself in the bathroom and lock the door. Don’t open it until you recognize the voice on the other side.” 
He nodded automatically, staring about the room. “Mom’s gonna kill me,” he repeated several times as he surveyed the trashed basement. 
Boxes of crackers littered the floor, their contents crushed and strewn everywhere. A tetra pack of wine lay on its side, most of the contents spilled on the carpet. The amber-coloured Newfie Screech still dribbled from its bottle, splashing on a DVD case. Pizza and what looked to be crushed pieces of ketchup-flavoured potato chips were strewn everywhere. The beige carpet would need a good steam cleaning to remove the stench and stains of alcohol, let alone the red smears from the food. 
“Good Lord,” I said. Irene really was going to kill him. But there were bigger issues to worry about than Manny’s perma-life grounding.
“Manny, get lost. I mean it,” Jeremy said, his tone stern. “We don’t know if these things will come back, and they still might hurt you.” 
Manny shot Jeremy a sullen teenaged look, but did as he was told.
“Jeremy, we should probably call for some help,” I said. 
He looked back up the stairs, shaking his head. “I can’t call in and say a group of Vikings are rampaging through town. That’s a trip to the evaluation board.” He frowned then said, “Gangs.”
“Huh?” Shadows blocked out the dying twilight from the window. Say what you want, those Vikings were silent as the grave, no pun intended. 
“Gangs are the ‘in’ thing right now.” His voice grew stronger. “Yup, gangs it is. Come on.” He motioned with his head for me to follow him.
With Manny locked in his bathroom, Jeremy and I cautiously crept outside. I scanned the several-metres-wide space between the side of Manny’s house and the neighbour’s neatly stacked woodpile: no sign of either the Vikings or anyone else. However, the chills stabbing down my spine announced the presence of something my eyes could not yet see. Nausea threatened the contents of my stomach. 
“Why would these ghosts, or whatever, show up at Manny’s house?” Jeremy asked, his tone low, hand on his holstered gun. “Let me call this in and—”
Just then, a red, four-door Camry turned into the driveway.
My heart sank. “Christ almighty,” I sighed.
Jeremy snorted. “Ask and ye shall receive.”
We quick-timed it to the driveway, where a well-dressed man stepped out of the car. His hair was cut short and he wore a crisp dress shirt, tie, and slacks. The cold, evening air that swirled around me was from the stare he gave me and not from the other side. David O’Toole stood next to his car, its door still open, and stared at us. For a bigot, he was rather handsome. Silver streaked his brown hair. He slammed the door and looked at both of us cautiously. 
Jeremy was the first to acknowledge him with a nod. “David, we were just about to call you.”
“Constable Garrett, Miss Mills,” David said with a heavy emphasis on the Miss. Jackass. “Can I help you?”
I gulped down my anger. This jerk might be the one helping to make me feel oh-so-welcomed. Bigger issues right now, Rachel. I pushed aside the desire to scream at him; instead, I exercised great maturity and said in a tight voice, “Manny called me.”
David sighed. “What have you got my son into now?”
“Excuse me?” I said, taken aback. 
David narrowed his eyes at me. “People like you encourage bad behaviour in our young people. There’s enough going on with the all the drugs and gangs.”
Anger rose inside me, and several regional town hall shouting matches, err . . . meetings, came back to me. I jabbed a finger at him. “Look, my dad is a Mountie and there is no way I’m going to let teenagers die on the highway because they’re too scared to call their parents.”
Jeremy cleared his throat before David could answer. “Your son called Rachel because . . . um, gang members broke into your house and he was too afraid to call the RCMP.” Jeremy coughed. “She called me.”
David’s eyes went wide. “Gang? Manny is in a gang?”
“No!” Both Jeremy and I said. We traded a glance. 
That was when the other hit me.
Echoes of words in an unknown tongue, screams and rage and terror filled my mind. I clamped my hands against my temples, trying to brace against the blistering pain. My vision darkened and I collapsed to the ground, my own shrieks sounding distant and muffled. 
“Rachel? Rachel, what’s wrong?” I could barely hear Jeremy over the screams of agony in my head.
I gasped several times before successfully choking in a lungful of air. The blackness that spread over my vision faded and I could see again. Whatever had come over from the other side hadn’t left; I had merely adjusted. Whatever it was, it was powerful and there was a lot of it.
The Beothuks and the ones who came before them.
“Rachel? Are you all right?” Jeremy asked, crouching next to me, offering me his hand.
I nodded and whispered, “Trouble’s coming.” I took his offered hand and let him help me to my feet.
The flash of fur and swords caught my attention. Two of the Vikings I’d seen in Manny’s basement, crouching low, ducked behind the woodpile before sprinting across the road towards the dock where the whale-watching tours launched off with their overeager city tourists who’d never been on a boat before.
David’s eyes widened. “Wha—stop!”
I waved him silent. “They don’t speak English.”
That surprised him. Everyone spoke English in St. Anthony; it was a small town. “Who are they?”
“We found them in your basement. They said something about Skraelings and took off. They’ve been outside ever since.”
“What’s a Skraeling?” He looked at me.
“It’s a Viking word. People believe they were referring to the people who came before the Beothuks.”
David snorted. “Well, you Newfies killed off all the Indians, so we don’t need to worry about them.” 
Right. I’d forgotten he wasn’t a Newfoundlander. That’s why he didn’t talk with an accent. And why he was such as asshole.
“That was rather hateful,” I said, keeping my voice low and steady. “I was adopted by a white man and a Cree woman.”
“I wasn’t saying it was a good thing.” His words might have not had hate in them, but his eyes did. “It’s not like they are going to rise from the dead before Judgement Day, at least.”
“Ah.” Jeremy’s voice shook. I looked up the road where he was pointing. “I wouldn’t be too sure about that.”
Sneaking down the road, in full red paint, was something that looked rather like a Beothuk.
An instant later, Hell unleashed its terror.
 

CHAPTER 4
Zombies Aren’t Real

Instinct took over. The three of us dropped flat to the gravel driveway as arrows, axes, and garbage cans flew overhead. The caterwaul of the caribou-hide-clad painted people pierced my soul. I’d never been around so many strong spirits before and my mental defences were not established well enough to handle the surge of other alongside the abject fear of having an arrow embedded in my skull.
Jeremy wrapped a protective arm around me, partially shielding one side of my body against his. Through the shrieking in my brain, I could faintly hear him on the radio, calling for help. 
“Blessed Redeemer, save us,” David prayed.
I struggled against losing consciousness. I focused on the physical world around me: the howling wind, Jeremy on the radio, the crashing waves against the wharf. I rebuilt my defences, one brick at a time. After this, I’d need a quiet place to meditate to recover from the psychic bombardment. For now, I needed to stay conscious.
In languages I could not understand, Viking men shouted and hurled themselves at the Beothuk-like peoples, but could never catch the fleet-footed Skraelings. They possessed a surefootedness that made them appear to be running a centimetre or so off the ground. Considering they weren’t alive, there was no reason to suppose that they were hitting earth.
I gulped down my fear and managed to look at Jeremy. He pulled his sidearm and took a shooting crouch, though he did not fire. 
“Shoot them!” David hissed.
“This isn’t TV. I don’t just shoot people.” Jeremy looked at me, waiting for my answer. 
I shrugged. “They aren’t real. It probably won’t do any good.”
David looked as if he’d seen a ghost. Consistent, I suppose, with several dozen ghosts heading our way. Jeremy, at least, hung around me enough to have heard my stories and believe something other in the world existed; he’d even seen some questionable things in his life. David O’Toole, on the other hand, believed anything outside the biblical world was tantamount to devil-worship.
“Who are they?” He asked, his voice trembling.
“Ghosts.” I answered, sucking in a deep breath of the cold, salty air. “Only worse.”
Jeremy stared at me. “Define ‘worse.’ “
A Viking picked up a circular, wooden garbage bin from the end of Manny’s driveway and hurled it at a Beothuk hiding behind a car. The bin missed and, instead, smashed against the car’s windshield, the safety glass pebbling and splintering.
Siren wails pierced the evening air. Porch lights flicked on as people came out of their houses to see what the commotion was about.
I didn’t take my eyes off the skulking Beothuks as they hid in bushes and tree shadows, avoiding the street lights. “Whatever, or whoever, brought them back, didn’t just raise their spirits. They raised their bodies, too. They are flesh and blood.”
“You’re telling me these are zombies?” David snapped. “Zombies are walking down the streets? Zombies?!”
I shook my head and let out an exasperated sigh. “No, no. Zombies aren’t real.”
“I don’t care what they are—we need to do something,” Jeremy said.
Several ideas flooded my brain. The most likely course of action was also my least favourite one. “There’s no way that I can send them back permanently, but I can probably banish them until sunset tomorrow.”
“Banish?” O’Toole screwed up his mouth. “Witchcraft.”
I glared at him. “No, I don’t practice witchcraft. I practice the ancient ways passed down to me by my mother.”
“Devil worshiper,” O’Toole muttered under his breath.
I ignored him. For a person who believed in demon possession, angels of mercy, a guiding Holy Spirit, and a guy who was raised from the dead, he was rather closed-minded. One would think he’d be more open to the entire paranormal.
I closed my eyes and shut out the battle cries, the crashes, the screams. I ignored the heat on my face as a garbage can exploded near us. I reached into earth with my senses. The spirits were too strong for me to banish completely. My power was in sensing the other side, not in managing it. Still, I could pull enough power from the earth to give us twenty-odd hours to discover what was going on. Perhaps with more information, I could send these souls back to their rest.
“Rachel . . .” Jeremy whispered.
“Almost,” I whispered.
A gale struck us, sucking away my breath. I snapped open my eyes and the spirits were gone, though their damage was not. The O’Toole’s garbage smouldered, neighbours stood in the streets: some in their slippers, some with hunting rifles. 
I wobbled as I stood. My hands shook against my side, and I struggled to stay upright.
“You okay?” Jeremy asked, reaching out to touch my arm for support, but never quite making contact.
I nodded. “It . . . passes.”
David looked around before looking back at me. “What just happened?”
It was a moment before the shakes subsided enough to allow me to answer. “I’m not sure. All I know is that we have a day to figure out what’s happening or they will be back. And, from the power I felt earlier, I think even more will come.”
“I can’t believe there are demons. Right here, in St. Anthony,” Jeremy said, shaking his head.
I glanced at him and nodded. In the end, it didn’t matter what he called them, as long as he understood enough to help.
“The only person I know who could have brought this evil here is you.”
“David, back off,” Jeremy snapped. “That’s way out of line.”
I lifted my hand and David didn’t snipe back. “He’s right. Not about me, the spirits generally follow me. Someone, though, had to bring them here.” I shifted through my memory of Manny’s basement. A drinking glass with a butter knife in it. Sand on the floor. 
“Stupid me. Why didn’t I notice it before?” I said aloud to no one in particular. “I need to have a chat with Manny. I think he knows more than he’s letting on.”

 
CHAPTER 5
Kids, Stay Off The Internet

Manny’s kitchen resembled a circus tent on a Sunday afternoon. Jeremy was there, along with another Mountie, a Corporal Amanda LeBlanc. We’d worked together a few times when I was a grief counsellor for the Province. A sweating, red-faced Manny sat at the table, David flanking him. 
Apparently, Manny’s mother was staying overnight in Deer Lake, so at least Manny could clean the basement up before she arrived. A small mercy for the kid, at least.
I leaned against the kitchen counter, arms crossed, and listened to the endless, useless questions. They all meant well, of course, but they were quizzing him on the basis that the Vikings were living flesh, not the immortal spirits of the dead.
“Manuel,” I said in a clear, raised tone so that it silenced the others. Manny flinched. “Why did you have a chalice and an anthame in your basement?”
Manny’s eyes grew wide and, I swear to the gods, goddess, and precious puppies, he let out a little gasp of horror. Corporal LeBlanc turned around in her chair and stared at me, while Jeremy just looked confused. David looked at Manny and back at me. “What’s an anthame?”
I let out a breath. I was about to ruin the rest of the kid’s teenage years, but I needed answers. “It’s a ritual dagger used in witchcraft.”
The explosion from David stabbed my heart. I cringed as he unleashed his verbal assault. “Witchcraft?” David shouted, “You’re worshipping the devil in my house?”
“I didn’t do anything!” Manny said, desperation in his voice. He looked at me, his expressing pleading. “Tell them.”
“Manny did call me when your house was broken in to,” I said, my tone calm. “That should count for something here.”
“Manny, why didn’t you just call us?” LeBlanc asked.
Tears welled up in Manny’s eyes. He wasn’t going to answer any more questions while his father continued to rant under his breath about his son’s eternally damned soul. Guilt pricked me. Perhaps I shouldn’t have said anything and e-mailed or Facebooked him later.
“Answer her,” David said, his tone absolute.
Tears spilled from Manny’s wide eyes.
I could answer for him. It was the least I could do. “Corporal, Manny was afraid the Mounties would call his parents and tell them he was drinking in the basement. So when he called, I contacted Jeremy because I didn’t want to come here alone,” I said, scowling at David, “since his father thinks I’m a Satanist.”
LeBlanc rolled her eyes. “I don’t care about anyone’s religious beliefs. I just want to understand what’s going on here.”
“Did you summon those demons?” David asked, still not shouting, his voice still firm.
LeBlanc narrowed her eyes and looked at me. “Demons?”
I shook my head dismissively.
David ignored us. “You summoned demons! In our house!”
“Honest to God in Heaven, I didn’t summon no demons!” Manny turned his wide eyes to his father. “Dad, you gotta believe me. I didn’t do it!”
LeBlanc raised a hand. “What is going on?”
I waved her off. I wasn’t in the mood to explain the supernatural. “Someone had to summon those spirits. They generally manifest wherever the spell originates. That means, someone in this house called them. I doubt it was your parents.”
Manny slumped in the chair, his arms crossed firmly. Teenaged sullenness stretched across his face. David glared at him and demanded in a stern voice, “Sit up straight, young man, when an adult is speaking to you.”
Manny instantly sat up straight. I jerked my back straighter myself. I saw Jeremy flinch and sit up, though he caught my eye and smirked. David O’Toole had that voice, the kind that made you react before your brain even registered the words. It made him one strict terror of a father.
Which is why I knew Manny would never confess. Yet, the more I thought about it, the more I knew he’d done it.
“I’d like to talk to Manny myself.” 
“He’s a minor,” LeBlanc pointed out. 
“And my son,” David said.
“Your son isn’t going to answer any questions with you snapping at him. Jeremy can stay if you insist.”
He stared at me for a long moment. I returned the stare. LeBlanc broke the deadlock. “Come on, Mr. O’Toole, let’s make sure the fires in your front yard are out.” She turned to me. “Five minutes, and then I want to know what’s going on.”
I nodded my agreement. I’d get the truth out of Manny and then I’d prime him on what to actually say to her.
I looked over my shoulder and waited until the door slammed shut. I turned to Manny and said, “I’ll do my best to protect you, but I need to know the truth.”
Manuel shifted in his chair. “Look, my parents will kill me.”
I mustered the most exasperated expression that I could. “They will not kill you.”
“Close enough.” Manuel crossed his arms. “If they know I’ve been practicing witchcraft, they’ll homeschool me, cut off the Internet, TV—you name it. They’ll drag me to church and have an exorcism on top of it. Dad asked for a transfer to Newfoundland because of the trouble I was into back in Halifax.” He let out a depressed sigh, laced with guilt. “This is gonna kill Mom.”
I wanted to tell him that he was exaggerating, but we both knew he wasn’t. Until he turned eighteen or found a relative to take him in, the next couple years of his life would resemble an unimaginable hell. Yet, he’d made the choice.
“You should have thought of that before you involved yourself in something you couldn’t handle,” I snapped.
Jeremy gave me a reproachful look. “Rachel.”
“What? It’s a little too late for pussyfooting around.” I winced. “I can’t believe I just said ‘pussyfooting.’ “ 
Manny looked at me, his expression pleading. I ignored it. “Manny, if you don’t tell me exactly what you did, people will get hurt. Do you understand me?”
Manny’s eyes grew wide, his face pale. “But I didn’t mean to—”
I cut him off. “It doesn’t matter what you meant. You called for spirits and, worse, somehow you screwed up the spell and they’ve manifested in corporeal form. Now tell me what you did.”
He cringed at my tone. Jeremy glared at me.
I closed my eyes and counted to five before opening them again. “Tell me what you did; otherwise, the native spirits you’ve summoned might see the local people as invaders and come after all of us. I need to know so I can put them back before someone is hurt.”
Manny licked his lips before letting out a long sigh and slumping back into his chair. “I was only trying to contact the spirits of the Vikings. For strength and stuff.” He shrugged. “I get picked on at school for being fat.”
Contacting any dead spirit was a complicated, dangerous process for someone who’d never had experience doing it; however, asking the collective energy of an area for help was fairly benign. “How did you do it?”
“I downloaded a spell off the Internet and—”
“The Internet? You used a spell off the Internet?!” I rubbed my forehead. “What were you thinking?”
His face flushed even more. “What’s so bad about that?”
It took all my strength not to lash out at him in that instant but I recovered quickly. It was unfair to blame an isolated teenager for doing what teens do best: make mistakes. “All right, all right. Show me the spell you used. I might be able to figure out how to put them back.”
Manny said the spell was downstairs and left to fetch it. I looked at Jeremy and sighed. “Well?”
“LeBlanc is never going to stand for demon summoning.”
I rolled my eyes. “Spirits, Jeremy. They are spirits.”
“Whatever. The fact is, we have a couple dozen rampaging dead things and there is no way we can put that in a report.”
David came in first. I gave him a warning glare, but he ignored me. It was his strongest trait. “What’s going on? Tell me the truth.”
“Manny summoned the spirits,” I said quietly.
“Manuel is engaging in witchcraft? We have murderous spirits in our town because of his devil worship?”
I shushed him. “He’ll hear you. First, witchcraft is not devil worship. Second of all, he didn’t understand what he was doing. I’m not excusing it, but let’s not jump down his throat. We still need to put these spirits back into the grave permanently.”
Jeremy chewed on his lip, then said, “Doesn’t sunrise automatically fix all the spooky things? That’s what happens in the movies.”
“Real life isn’t like Buffy. They’ll just disappear for the daytime, since the sun hurts some of them.” In other circumstances, I would have smiled.  “They keep coming back.” 
“Wasn’t your witchcraft powerful enough? Prayer can banish demons.”
I stared at him and let out an exaggerated sigh. “I sense the supernatural. I do not control it. I have almost no power of my own. My banishment spell, if that’s what you want to call it, was amongst the most complex that I’ve ever done and it probably didn’t do more than just annoy the spirits away. They will be back and, from the feel of it, a lot more are coming. I think he’s resurrected the entire lineage of the native people in this area by calling on the Vikings.”
David shook his head. “I don’t like all this witchcraft talk and I don’t like that my son is involved.”
Something inside snapped. I whirled on David and screamed at him, “If you’d spent more time paying attention to your son, rather than sticking conversion tracts to my front door, maybe your son wouldn’t have gotten involved.”
David rocked back on his heels. My heart thudded in my chest. “I saw the tracts in your basement.”
David squared his shoulders and raised his chin. “I will not apologize for trying to bring the word of God—”
“The word of God?” I snarled. “You’ve been taping those things about dying and burning in hell to my door!”
“I only want to open your eyes to what awaits you unless you accept Jesus—”
I held up a hand. “Don’t or so help me, I’ll get back on a plane and leave you all here to clean up this mess.”
David stopped speaking.
“So,” Jeremy said into the awkward silence, “let’s stay on target here. We all agree we need to work together so that the creepy, scary spirits can go back to wherever spirits come from and leave us alone.” Jeremy looked around. “Right?”
I frowned, a hint of heat rising in my face. “Yes,” I said, growling out the word. Then, I took a deep breath and settled my anger at David.  “You’re right, Jeremy.”  I turned to David and said, “I wouldn’t even ask you to be involved, except for Manny. He’s the one who can help. Can you at least understand that?”
Creases formed in David’s face and, for the first time, I noticed the worry lines around his eyes and how tired he looked. Manny was into the drug-and-party scene in Halifax. They’d moved to the St. Anthony area hoping a small, quiet town could help their son; instead, all the O’Tooles had gotten for their efforts was a son practicing witchcraft. I could understand their worry.
“I’ve seen demons cast out of people before,” David said, his tone flat. “It took a lot of prayer.” 
I stared at David. “You’ve seen demons?”
“When I was a teenager. I saw that thing twist and churn while the pastors forced it to leave. We were there all night. Satan’s followers are real, Miss Mills.”
I chewed on that tidbit of information. In front of me was a powerful ally that was an enemy simply due to terminology. I let that sink in for a moment. Mrs. Saunders was right; not all Christians were bad. I mean, David O’Toole was still a prejudicial moron, but all my neighbours were some flavour of Christian. I reminded myself that, beyond the crazy-tract person or persons, my neighbours were always friendly to me. I swallowed my pride. I would work with this.
“Then, we’re on the same side. We both want these . . . whatever you want to call them, put back where they belong.”
He remained quiet for a moment before nodding his head. “I don’t want to see any of your voodoo near my house again.”
I lifted my hands in surrender. “I will do my best.”
“And stay away from my son,” he said, snarling.
“David, please—” I began, but he cut me off.
“And no devil worship. You’ve done enough damage.” 
I glared at the idiot, but the pleading look from Jeremy was enough to keep my mouth clamped shut. Here was a man who believed in spirits, but wouldn’t let me do anything about them! 
Manny returned and handed me three pages of printer paper. I folded them without looking; it would only make me angrier. I ran through some basic things for Manny and David to say in their statement. Jeremy frowned at me—I was breaking the law, after all—but he knew that putting “demon” or “flesh spirit” in a report would go poorly for everyone.
We went with the standard: gangs.
And with that, I headed home. With luck and several cups of coffee, I’d figure out how to put everything back together. 


CHAPTER 6
Why Can’t Lesbianism Be Contagious?

Research failed.
I sat in front of my easel and stared out through my balcony window, and back at the easel. I had all the lights off, except for the kitchen light on the other side of the house. Its soft glow did not compete with the full moon outside. I couldn’t see, but could hear, the surf slamming against the rocks below and I could taste the salt in the air.
The quiet helped regenerate my worn defences. Or, as Mrs. Saunders would say, “Calmed me nerves.” I smiled, letting positive memories engulf me and heal my damaged spirit. I’d survived seeing Jeremy. I discovered who was putting the pamphlets in my door and could now put aside some of my suspicions. I could relax a little more.
I so needed to move to somewhere with a population of zero.
Twinges of stress stabbed at me. Moving would kill Mrs. Saunders. And, I would not recover my own bruised mental defences if I did not settle things here first. So, to help calm the heart-pounding panic of failure in my chest, I reviewed my evening’s actions.
First, I’d called Mom, who’d been living in Ontario since Dad retired. She gave me a few suggestions, but admitted she didn’t know how I could put these spirits back into their resting places. Mom was even surprised that I’d managed to banish them at all; she said old native spirits were generally too strong for someone like me. 
Thanks Mom. Always can count on you.
Mom’s passive aggressiveness aside, her advice along with David’s rant had given me an idea. I spent a good portion of the evening searching the Bible for details about demon possession. Though possession was not the same as manifested spirits, the causes and treatment, if you will, overlapped more often than not. I didn’t find anything appropriate to the situation. Crunching gravel caught my attention. It was nearly midnight. I put my notepad down and looked out the window. Jeremy was there, getting out of his car.
I walked to the kitchen and opened the door. He gave me a sheepish smile and a brown Tim Horton’s cup. I accepted the caffeinated liquid of the gods.
“I couldn’t sleep and I saw you posting on Facebook earlier, so . . .” He shrugged. 
“I was just taking a break. Listening to my cousin talk about her daughter’s pooping habits calms me down,” I said with a roll of my eyes.  “Besides, I wasn’t on there all night.”
“I didn’t say you were.” He gave me his signature wide grin. Eternal ancestors, that smile made my stupid heart pound faster. “I just figured you could use some coffee. Tim’s is still open late for the tail end of the tourist season.”
I motioned for him to come in. “You drove twenty minutes to bring me a coffee?” I said, arching an eyebrow. “Shouldn’t you be at your girlfriend’s house?” It came out snarkier than I had meant. I stammered to add, “I wouldn’t want you to get into trouble hanging out here.”
He slipped his sneakers off. “Donna’s in Corner Brook. Her grandmother’s in the hospital, so she’ll be there for a few days.”
“I’m sorry to hear that,” I said and I meant it. As much as I wanted to hate Donna, she was just too nice. Like, romance novel nice. Perfect, even. And so perfectly nice that I couldn’t even hate her out of principle. 
I sighed.
Jeremy shrugged and walked into the kitchen. After pulling out a chair, he sat down. “I talked to Donna before I came over. She doesn’t mind. Besides, I haven’t really seen you in a month.” He motioned vaguely in the air. “With all the spooky stuff going on, I thought I could lend a hand.”
“Thanks, I could use it.” I said and pulled out of a plastic bag some molasses cookies Mrs. Saunders had made for me. 
I put the plate down on the table and we slipped into an easy silence, the kind that only good friends manage with each other. I didn’t look at him and instead concentrated on sipping the lukewarm coffee. 
I ignored the mental chiding my inner voice gave me. I didn’t renew my work contract so I could take a month off in Mexico to get that man out of my head.  Seven thousand dollars, a second-degree sunburn, and a drunken one-night stand, and still I was letting this idiot back into my life.
Get a grip, Rachel.
“Any idea how you’re going to fix all this?”
“Nope,” I said bitterly.
He eyed me. “You called your mother, didn’t you?”
“Yup,” I said and reached across the table for the scotch and poured some into my coffee. I motioned to question if Jeremy wanted some. He shook his head. 
“She still giving you a hard time about not working?”
“Yup. It was hard to convey the doom and destruction while defending myself.” I sipped my coffee. The back of my throat burned and I gave a little shudder.
“Two years on the rock and you still can’t handle your liquor?”
I scowled at him. “Listen ‘ere, me b’y, I’se can talk like ye Newfs and I’se can ‘andle me liquor.”
Jeremy snorted. “You sound like you’re down ‘‘round the bay.’ “
“Oh, right. There’s only two kinds of people in Newfoundland: those from St. John’s—”
“Townies,” Jeremy confirmed.
I grinned. “Townies, and those from the bay. Even if they don’t live near a bay, they’re still from the bay.” I shook my head. “That makes no sense.”
Jeremy shrugged. “I only enforce the rules, I don’t make them.”
Silence fell between us and as we sipped our hot beverages. 
“So, zombies,” Jeremy said.
“Zombies,” I repeated once more, “aren’t real.”
“Whatever. Can you fix it?”
I leaned back in my kitchen chair. “Well, I’ve done some research on the spell Manny downloaded off the Internet. He didn’t even take it off one of the big Wiccan sites. This spell is about stirring up the spirits of anything in an area.” I looked at Jeremy. “This place is full of powerful spirits.”
“That’s why he ended up with Vikings?”
I nodded. “We’re what? Twenty clicks from a friggin’ world heritage site where Vikings once had a bloody town. And the entire western coast of Newfoundland has seen several groups of natives over its history. The place is alive with, well, dead things.”
“Are you sure your . . .banishment didn’t work?”
I shook my head. “Nah. All I can do is know they are nearby and throw pebbles at them. I’m worse than useless.”
Jeremy shot me an annoyed look. “You’re not useless.”
I ran my hand through my hair. “I’m just frustrated. I can’t figure this out. Mom believes an expression of faith might bridge the gap between this side and the other. She suggested using old stories and songs to communicate with the Beothuks, at least. The Vikings might respond, too.”
“That’s not much to go on.”
“Nope.”
We were quiet for a moment. “How are you doing with all this?”
“I believe in ghosts and all that weird shit. I saw one when I was a kid.” He shrugged. “There’s just a difference between that and seeing what happened out there.”
I nodded. I understood what he meant. My own powers started developing when I was six. Or, perhaps it would be more accurate to say that’s my earliest memory of my abilities. I didn’t tell anyone until I was fifteen, and that was after a three-month stint at a mental hospital in Ottawa. Teenage hubris, thinking I could handle it on my own.
“Mom says most of us experience one supernatural event in our lives, but very few will accept it.”
“Did you inherit your, er”—he waved a hand—”powers from your mother? Oh, wait, never mind. You’re adopted. Could your real mom have had powers?”
I frowned. My real mother dumped my two-day-old self on an RCMP officer’s front step at four in the morning in the middle of February. Thankfully, that was who became my dad. “I doubt my egg donor had any abilities, including the ability to stay sober.”
“Don’t like her much, huh?”
“Can’t hate someone you’ve never met,” I said with little conviction. I stood up from the table and opened my fridge. Eating helps me think—that’s why I’ve been packing on the weight lately. Unfortunately, all that stared back was mayonnaise, mustard, butter, and a block of mouldy cheese. In all the excitement, I forgot to pick up groceries.
I grabbed another soft cookie from the plate before opening the cupboards. I found the box of Kraft Dinner, the ol’ standby for middle-of-the-night munching. “Want some KD?”
He eyed the fridge. “With what?”
I picked up the Scotch bottle. “Any noncorrosive liquid can be used to make really good Kraft Dinner. It’s a scientific fact.”
“Scotch is pretty corrosive.” Then he said, “And that isn’t real KD.”
I looked at the generic box of macaroni and cheese. “So? It’s all the same.”
“Heathen. You haven’t really made it with Scotch, right?” He cocked an eyebrow, all Spock-like. I resisted the urge to jump him and rip his clothes off. 
Words cannot express how badly I needed to punt this man out of my life.
“I lived with a couple of friends in university. The first month, I bought two cases of the cheapest no-name brand I could find and spent the rest of my grocery money on liquor.” I grinned. “Trust me when I say anything can make good KD.”
A high-pitched shriek split the silence of the night air. Jeremy jumped from the table and flipped on the porch light. Mrs. Saunders was rushing across my backyard, still wearing her multicoloured wool slippers, one hand over her heart, the other holding her cane. She was screeching like a banshee.
“Help! Demons! Dear God, help!” 
I flung open the door. “Mrs Saun—” my voice died. A total melee of red-painted men clashing with the fur-and-leather men broke out behind her. My banishing had not worked.
And, worse, they’d followed me home.
 


CHAPTER 7
Dead And Not Going To Take It Anymore

I grabbed the hockey stick from my back porch closet while Jeremy flung the door open and ran to grab the old lady. I chastised myself for getting distracted by my personal life. I hadn’t listened to the other around me, and put Mrs. Saunders and all my neighbours in danger.
A woman in a square hide dress, her dark hair spiralling in the wind, sat next to my woodpile and hurled my ceramic planting pots at a burly, bearded Viking male. One pot came dangerously close to Mrs. Saunders’s head. I ran down my stairs, hockey stick gripped firmly in hand, and swung it at the back of the spirit woman’s neck.
She collapsed to the ground. Seconds later, her figure faded.
Jeremy had his arm around Mrs. Saunders by now and ran with her, his arm raised to shelter their heads from the volleys of arrows, rocks, and chopped wood from my winter fuel supply.
“Dammit,” I muttered. I’d worked hard to pack the wood pile to be ready to cure for the winter.
I grabbed the old lady’s hand and helped her up the stairs. I was surprised she’d managed to rush across the yard with only a cane. Tough woman. Mrs. Saunders staggered past me and into the house, wide eyed and breathing hard. Jeremy came up behind her.
“Look out!” I shouted as a rock hurled towards his head. He ducked and the rock sailed past him, landing harmlessly on the ground. He pushed me into the house, slammed the door shut, and flipped the switch to lock the exterior aluminum door. 
“Are you all right?” I asked Mrs. Saunders.
She nodded her head, her wrinkled hand still pressed against her chest. “Spirits and demons. Shockin’. Just shockin’. “
“What are they doing here?” Jeremy shouted, panting.
“I don’t know!” My heart thudded in my chest. “Jeremy, stay with Mrs. Saunders. I have to lock the back door.” I cursed my neighbours for getting me into the habit of never locking my doors. There is a reason to lock them: risen flesh-and-bone spirits.
I hurried about the house, locking the back door and windows. I could hear the screaming agony as a spirit battlefield stretched out across the one-road town. The cries of pain, surprise, and hate shook the ground and my soul to its core.
Even worse was the guilt of having brought these others to my sleeping village. What was I thinking? I’m not an exorcist. Hell, I’m not even a very good anything. About the only thing I excel at magically is attracting dead stalkers. What the hell was I thinking, trying a banishment spell? The only things I’ve successfully banished were individual spirits who pestered and haunted me, and most of those were just harmless, chatty types. These spirits were powerful and angry.
What would I have told Mrs. Saunders’s family if she’d been killed? Or any of my neighbours?
The spirits could still break a window and come in, but they seemed more interested in killing each other as opposed to attacking us. There was something to be said for hostilities so strong that they extended beyond the curtain of the living world.
I returned to the front porch. Jeremy had draped a large brown quilt over Mrs. Saunders’s shoulders, one he’d grabbed from my sofa that I used when I slept in front of the TV. Mrs. Saunders sat at my table and was pouring scotch into Jeremy’s coffee cup.
“Mrs. Saunders!” I chided. “This isn’t the time.”
She ignored me and kept pouring what looked like three shots worth. “Don’t tell your elders what to do.” She began drinking Jeremy’s leftover coffee-and-scotch mixture. She smacked her gums. “Not as good as the gin latte you made me.”
Jeremy stood at the door, looking through the glass. “They seem to be fighting each other.”
I peered around him. The chaos wasn’t directed at us, but rather the two factions outside. Rocks thudded against the house and I prayed none would hit a window.
Mom had suggested shining a flashlight at them, which really made no sense to me, but what did I know? I flipped on the porch lights. No effect. I opted not to hunt for the flashlight. If the halogen flood lights didn’t work, I doubted a ten-dollar flashlight from Canadian Tire was going to make that much of a difference.
I saw my neighbour’s living room lights flip on across the street. Their porch light flicked on a moment later. “Crap,” I said. “Tobe is awake.”
Moments later, pot-bellied Tobias Mercer and his teenaged sons, Dwayne and Cory, came out of the house, each with a hunting rifle. 
“Get on, wit’cha!” Tobe shouted in his basso voice. “Leave ‘er alone!”
A short man in loose-fitting pants and a tunic slammed against the storm door. The Plexiglas shook and I stumbled back in surprise. Even Jeremy flinched. The spirit turned, his eyes wide and pleading. He pounded on the door for a moment, before grabbing the handle and shaking it. The man shouted at us and kept looking over his shoulder. I didn’t understand what he was saying, but his frantic expression spoke for him. A piece of firewood hurled at the door and when instinctively I ducked, it hit the man’s skull. He slid down the door until out of view. 
The roar of Tobe Mercer’s rifle cut through the night silence and drowned out the crashing waves for an instant. 
The spirits turned on Tobe and his sons and rushed them. Mrs. Saunders still stood at the door, cringing and flinching, but glued to the scene outside. “Merciful Father.”
I scanned the room, looking for the rabbit’s-foot necklace given to me by my grandfather and the medicine bag found with my infant self. If they broke through the defences, I would need something of faith to protect us. I spied the bag beside the necklace on my cluttered desk, next to my laptop. I rushed over, snatched up both, and stepped back to the old neighbour.
Jeremy cracked the door open and shouted, “Tobias! Get back inside!”
Dwayne, or maybe it was Cory—it was hard to tell in the darkness with the porch light blinding my night vision—was knocked over by a Viking’s massive punch. The other kid swung his rifle like a club at the Viking’s head. The spirit went down, disappearing before hitting the ground.
Three native spirits dressed differently than the Beothuk spirits—these looked to be in seal skins—jumped the other kid and he went down with a scream and a curse. Jeremy grabbed the hockey stick from me and vaulted out of the house and across the street, swinging at anything in range.
“Jeremy!” I shouted after him.
My heart thudded in my chest. Sandy, my neighbour whose husband worked away in Fort McMurray a month at a time, came out in her housecoat and slippers. She had a baseball bat in her hands and smashed two Vikings on her front step.
“Sandy!” I screamed over the fighting and the endless crashing of the surf behind our houses. “Get back inside! Call the Mounties!” I glanced at Jeremy, who whacked a spirit in the ribcage. “Tell them Jeremy’s here and we need help.”
I ducked back inside and asked Mrs. Saunders, “Do you have your crucifix on?” I pulled the rabbit’s-foot necklace over my head, my hands shaking.
She held up her rosary beads in her hand. I hadn’t noticed them in the excitement.
“Good,” I said. “If they break through, we will both need to pray.”
She gave me an odd look. “You don’t believe in the Holy Redeemer, dear.”
“No, I don’t, but you do.”
Mrs. Saunders looked back outside. “Who are you going to pray to?”
“My ancestors, your ancestors.” I left off “and pretty much anyone else that’ll listen.” I didn’t want to shake the old lady’s confidence.
As I gathered my wits and focus, I collected my thoughts and began to whisper, calling the names of my ancestors. Some I’d already met, while some I’d only learned about. And then the nameless, faceless countless ones, too old and too powerful for me to even comprehend . . .  I put all that aside and called on all of them. This was not the time for hesitation.
Crushing pain pressed against my senses. I shivered, as the spirits around me turned their attention to me. Beings of spirit recognize spirit callers and many feel drawn to those whispers like moths to a flame. In my case, it was more like gawking middle-aged women to a train wreck.
I pushed aside my insecurities, my anger, my fear. I pushed aside Mom’s voice over the phone. I ignored the feelings Jeremy stirred up whenever he came near me. I trampled the frustration and empty hurt I had over Jeremy trudging up the details of my birth. I even pushed aside the pain.
I let it all go. 
I stepped into a quiet, peaceful place.
Screams and shouts echoed in the background of my senses, but I ignored them. I let them turn into the background noise, like when reading in an airport. The sounds became part of the peace.
I gathered myself and readied my senses to attract the attention of every single marauding spirit in the entire freaking area, along with every single ancestor who was listening to me.
As I opened myself to begin the calling, I noticed a change to my surroundings. They were quiet. Silent, in fact. No screams. No curses. No gunshots.
My soul soared, free from the pressure of the supernatural.
I opened my eyes, a little dizzy and chilled. I looked out through the door. One moment my yard and the area around my house was a no man’s land of spiritual warfare. Now, it was a littered mess with several of my neighbours, and Jeremy, standing in confusion.
“What the hell just happened?” I asked, not actually expecting an answer. I hadn’t called the ancestors. I hadn’t even spoken to these spirits to ask them to buzz off. There was no way I’d done this.
“Oops,” Mrs. Saunders whispered, clutching her rosary. She had dragged the kitchen chair next to me and was seated in it. I didn’t remember her doing that. 
I turned to her, eyes narrowed. “You did that?”
She gave me a sheepish little grin, the one she usually gave when she passed wind at dinner. 
I exhaled and ran my hand through my hair. My pulse raced, the pent up adrenaline I’d put aside now free to assert itself. I stared at the blushing woman. “Mrs. Saunders, you practice magic?”
She gave me a disgusted look. “I’m a Christian, young lady.”
I looked back outside. Jeremy was speaking with Tobe, who rubbed his elbow but looked fine otherwise. “Magic. God. It’s all the same in the end,” I whispered.
Dammit, Mom had been right. Faith was the key. If I could somehow bridge my senses with Mrs. Saunders’s . . . whatever she did, we’d create a force doubly strong. The ancestral spirits of Newfoundland would recognize two women of power. Having a very old woman, like Mrs. Saunders, might even lend some visual legitimacy to the banishing. Old people have their own kind of spiritual strength, built from decades of experience and living.
I turned to Mrs. Saunders and said, “I think I’ll need your help. You up for it?”
The old lady straightened her back just a tad, joints snapping. “I could use a little excitement. It’ll give that new priest of ours something to talk about at mass for a good month.”
God, I love old people.
 CHAPTER 8
Pride and Prejudice

Sleep didn’t come easy or quickly. I crashed in Mrs. Saunders’s spare bedroom; I didn’t want her to be alone. At least I had the comfort of knowing no one had been injured. I’d never forgive myself if one of my neighbours was hurt. I also couldn’t push down the welling gratitude over seeing Tobe and his sons coming out to my rescue. While they were outmatched against ancient spirits, they still stood out there, trying to scare them away from my house.
People always say Newfies would do anything for a person and that they are nice people. There’s hearing it and there’s seeing people put themselves in danger to protect you. I would not take these people for granted ever again.
I also made a note to snow-blow all of their driveways at least once this winter.
Every rustle of leaves or creak in the old house startled me. I woke up as giddy as when I’d drifted off, the pressure of the lack of other an intoxicating drug of its own. Mexico had its own pulse of spirits, but the resort’s cold, commercialism had mostly pushed the ancient presence towards the temples and holy areas. Wisemen’s Cove and the entire Northern peninsula had that pulse, too, but the last day had pressed against me so heavily that breathing was difficult at times.
And now, nothing. 
Each time I faded, I did not dream. I did not hear voices. No other spoke to me in my sleep. I did not relive any spirit’s memories.
And it was glorious.
I woke a few hours later to the piercing glare of midmorning sun and the smell of bacon and fresh-baking bread. I inhaled deeply.
I crawled out of bed, still wearing my clothes from the night before, and made my way down the stairs. It wasn’t until I saw Jeremy’s rumpled self that I remembered he was even there. He stood in Mrs. Saunders’s kitchen in his black boxers and grey T-shirt, barefoot despite the early September chill.
I looked away and vowed that, after this, I was moving as far away as I could from Jeremy. Like, British Columbia. Or maybe South Africa.
“Mrs. Saunders isn’t allowed to eat bacon,” I said by way of greeting.
He grinned at me. “I already made her Cream of Wheat with cream on top, and a cup of tea. I used the skim evaporated milk, not the cereal milk, and I put in two packets of artificial sugar and one of regular sugar. Just the way she likes it.”
I narrowed my eyes. “You didn’t put gin in it, did you?”
“It’s too early for gin. I never drink before three in the afternoon,” came Mrs. Saunders’s raspy voice from the living room.
I cocked an eyebrow at Jeremy, who chuckled.
“She has really good hearing for an old woman,” Jeremy whispered.
I laughed a little too loudly, a little too forced. Change the topic. Change the topic. “I have an idea for putting these spirits back to rest.”
He poked at the bacon with a fork. “Yeah?”
I nodded. “I’m going to try a ritual at the United Cemetery in town. Manny’s house is just down the hill from it and graveyards have a strong pull for the dead. Even if Manny’s house was where they were summoned, I’m hoping that graveyard is close enough to call them to me. “
He pulled the frying pan from the heat and put it down on a pot cloth on the counter. “Why not just do it in Manny’s yard?”
“I’m not very powerful.” 
Jeremy began to protest, but I put up a hand. “I’m not talking down myself, I’m just being honest. Really, the only power I have is the ability to sense the other around us. I’m going to need all the help I can get.” I gave a shrug. “And I’d rather stab my eyes out with that fork than ask David O’Toole if I can practice witchcraft in his front yard.”
Jeremy chuckled. “I hear ya.”
“It isn’t legal to burn witches at the stake here, is it?”
“The Mounties frown on that sort of thing.” He cracked four eggs into the frying pan. They floated on the bacon grease, splattering and popping.
“I want to help,” Mrs Saunders said, walking into the kitchen, one hand bracing her lower back.
“You okay, Mrs. Saunders?” Jeremy asked.
She nodded her head. “I haven’t run since I was chasing youngsters! So, can I help with the witchcraft?”
I gave her a stern look. “There will be no witchcraft. I just want you to do what you did at my place.”
“All I did was say my Hail Mary.”
I snatched a piece of bacon off Jeremy’s plate and snapped it in half. I munched. I never eat bacon, it being fattening and I being on a diet. “Well, just keep on Hail Marying. You want to come help, Jeremy?”
“Of course.” He pulled a plate down from the cupboard and offered it to me. “Mrs. Saunders asked me to make extra for you, too.”
I eyed the old lady, who returned my glare with a much-too-innocent expression. “Such a good boy. I’m going to clean up the garbage in the yard while the bread is baking. No hanky-panky while I’m gone, you two,” she said, wagging her finger at me. She traded her cane for her walker, but not before slapping Jeremy’s behind. “Put some pants on, b’ye. People will think you spent the night with me!”
I laughed when she left the house and shook my head, though a little heat did rise in my cheeks. Hanky-panky was out of my future for a long, long time at my current rate.
“She still cleans her own garden?”
“I usually come over and do the bulk of it. She still weeds her tulips at the front of the house, though.” I chewed on a piece of bacon and moaned at the greasy, smoked goodness. “I look after our vegetable garden, but she often comes out with me. She sits in the car and yells at me.” I sighed, though I did let a little chuckle enter my voice. “Some days, it’s like being thirteen all over again.”
Jeremy grew serious. “She’s lucky to have you lookin’ out for her.”
I looked away. “Anyone would do the same for her.”
“True,” he admitted, “but I think she’d rather you doing it than anyone.” 
We ate in silence, leaning against the kitchen counter eating our food. Normally, our silences were comfortable, the result of a strong friendship that didn’t require endless nervous prattle. It wasn’t until Jeremy spoke that I’d realized how different this silence was, the kind that was thick and uncomfortable.
“Last night was crazy,” he said in a low voice.
I nodded, slicing up my eggs with my fork. “I’m still a little shaky.”
“Your neighbour, Tobias?”
I nodded.
“He said he’d seen a ghost when he was sixteen. Scared the life out of him. Then, both his sons said they’d once found a Beothuk burial site while they were out cutting firewood and a ghost came out of the ground and started talking to them.”
I stirred my eggs around my plate a little, the bright-yellow yolks mixing with the brown bacon bits and fat on my plate. “Mrs. Saunders said people didn’t even bother digging up the giant mounds by L’Anse Aux Meadows because folks just assumed they were burial graves and figured the dead were best left alone.” I blew out a breath. “A friggin’ Viking settlement was here and people just left it alone.” I shook my head.
“Makes it easier for people to accept what’s happening.”
I shrugged and shovelled eggs in my mouth. I watched Mrs. Saunders walk past the open porch door twice, peering in at us, a wicked smile on her face. What a brat! I scraped my plate into the garbage and put the dish in the sink. I turned on the faucet and began washing dishes. 
“What’s wrong?”
I was silent for a moment, not really sure what was crawling under my skin. “I’ve never felt like I belonged here, but I really do.” Tears welled up in my eyes, but I kept my head down so Jeremy wouldn’t see them. “God, Tobe came out there with a rifle.”
Jeremy sidled up next to me, taking the wet dishes from the drip pan and drying them. “I think you’re so used to hiding that you just assume people are against you.”
I tried to speak, but the stupid lump in my throat made it impossible. Stupid vision getting blurry. “Someone taped religious tracts to my door telling me people were against me. I just assumed it was my neighbours.”
He put his hand on my shoulder. Orange-scented suds water dampened my shirt. “I saw the tracts in Manny’s basement. You can’t condemn us all for one man’s decision.”
I took a deep breath and gave Jeremy a quick smile, before he could see the tears falling from my eyes. He squeezed my shoulder once more and I ignored the chills his touch gave me. 
We fell silent again, before Jeremy asked in a sober tone, “Can you stop the spirits?”
I watched Mrs. Saunders push her walker across the paving-stone path I’d made around her yard, so that she could weed her spring tulips safely. Now, she bent down and picked up the fallen pieces of wood that the spirits had knocked over from her woodpile, one hand firmly on her walker, brakes on.
I thought of Tobe and his sons, ready to defend me, even though I’d never stepped a foot in their house.
I took a deep breath, and said, “I hope so.”
 
CHAPTER 9
Allies and Graveyards

I settled on the United Church Cemetery in St. Anthony as my last stand. First, it was the nearest graveyard to Manny’s house, where the original spell was cast. Second, the cemetery was just that—a cemetery. It was the last home of the dead. Dead attracts dead, so hopefully the benign spirits resting in the graveyard would soothe the awakened spirits and help calm them. 
All right, I was grasping, but I didn’t have a lot to work with. I could almost hear Mom’s voice in the back of my mind whispering how this was going to fail.
But it was the best option. Besides, it was the prettiest graveyard in the entire Northern peninsula. It was up on a hill, overlooking both the town and the bay. It looked like a place where a spirit would want to settle down for eternity.
I had no idea if the spirits would return to Manny’s, re-form next to me, or actually be gone forever, but I decided getting into position was the best option.
We drove the short trip from Wisemen’s Cove to St. Anthony. Jeremy sat in the back, so that Mrs. Saunders could sit in the front seat. Dark clouds hung in the air and mist sprayed the windshield. I picked up speed; the moose wouldn’t litter the secondary highway in this weather. They’d be smart and head to the woods.
Still, just to be sure, I kept the high-beam lights on. Hitting a four hundred kilo animal would put a damper on my plans.
The tight pressure behind my eyes slowly reformed, pulling and stabbing at my brain. I’d had several hours of complete and uninterrupted peace and my defences were prepared. I pushed my will and focus against the pressure and steadied my thoughts. 
I passed four white RCMP vehicles as I approached town, with another two parked in the Tim Horton’s parking lot. But the cops weren’t inside slurping down the stereotypical coffee and donuts; instead, two officers sat alert in each vehicle, with headlights on, and the cars idling, ready for a moment’s dash down the street.
We turned up the hill, heading towards the graveyard. In the RCMP parking lot, several cars were parked.
“Looks like they brought in help,” Jeremy said idly from the backseat. He let out a sigh. “I should be helping. Damn forced vacation.”
“I’ve never seen so many Mounties in my life,” Mrs. Saunders said, disdain in her voice. “Bunch ‘f foolishness this is, summoning up the dead. Don’t these youngsters have anything better to do?”
With the rain and clouds, it was hard to tell when sundown would happen, but I’d made an educated guess by looking at Environment Canada’s website before I set out. The car’s clock said I had about twenty minutes to set up. It was cutting it close, but I didn’t want Mrs. Saunders to be outside in the rain any longer than she needed.
I pulled the car off the road as best I could. A light mist was coming down, pretty normal for early September, so I’d made my neighbour bundle up good and wear her winter coat. I’d never forgive myself if the old lady caught pneumonia. 
“This made the National last night,” Jeremy said as we exited the car, referring to the countrywide news show.
“Mrs. Saunders, wait here,” I said. I opened the trunk. “We’re on the National?”
Jeremy nodded. “I called in this morning and LeBlanc told me that it’s all across the country. There’s a rumour Peter Mansbridge might even come and interview people about ‘the gangs.’ “
“Slow news week in Canada, I see,” I said with a frown. “Normally, Newfoundland doesn’t make the news unless we kick a prime minister out of the province.”
Jeremy gave me a small smile. “In any case, it’s best we don’t make a scene. LeBlanc’s already uneasy about Manny’s involvement, not to mention the rumours about devil worship. If word gets out that we’re dealing with actual spirits…” He ran a finger across his throat. “I’ll be on the unemployment line right beside ya.”
“No pressure,” I mumbled as I started pulling my gear from my vehicle’s trunk. “Arsehole.”
Jeremy beamed at me. He watched me put the small toolkit on the ground and picked up the small leather bag from trunk. “What’s this?”
“Don’t touch that,” I snapped.
He cocked an eyebrow, but passed it to me. I snatched it from him. 
“Sorry,” he said, confusion in his voice. 
I gave him an apologetic look. “I’m sorry. It’s fragile and I don’t want anything to happen to it.”
I looked down at the worn bag and ran my thumb across its supple grain. “Whoever abandoned me put this around my neck.” I held up the palm-sized bag by its strings. “Stupid thing to do, really. I could have choked on it.”
“Was there anything inside?”
I shook my head. “Not even a note. It’s just a cheap store-bought bag, but I kept it all these years. I went through this abandonment phase as a teenager and I spent a lot of time adding and removing beads, stuffing it with things. I went through a glitzy-bead phase when I was fifteen and covered it in pink sparkles.” I shuddered. “It took Mom a week to pick the glue off the leather. Now, I just keep little things in it that are important to me. It’s not so much about whoever gave it to me, but rather that it reminds me of the blessed life I’ve had.”
Understanding dawned on his face. He nodded and said, “Is there anything I can carry?”
“Get Mrs. Saunders’s walker out of the backseat. We can both help her up the hill.”
The scenery from the United Church cemetery was, dare I say it, spooky. On a clear day, the cemetery overlooked the bay. You could see the boats coming in and out, the whale-watching tour boats, and iceberg seekers, and regular locals with their boats.
Tonight, thick fog covered the water and rolled over much of the hill we stood on. The drizzle dampened my hair and my cheeks and nose turned cold. I should have worn a hat. All in all, it was a movie-perfect scene for calling forth spirits and putting them back into their eternal rest.
With Jeremy’s help, we slowly made our way up the path to the graveyard. We were about halfway up, when I heard a vehicle approach and saw the headlights through the haze. The four-way flashers went on and we heard the distinctive thump of car doors. We stopped.
“Miss Mills?” a voice called out.
My hopes brightened a little. “Manny!” I’d called his mother earlier who said, in no uncertain terms, that her son would not be allowed to practice witchcraft. So, when Manny approached with his father—ah, that explained why he’d called me Miss Mills—I was surprised. 
“Miss Mills,” David said when he and Manny reached me, his voice strained from rushing in the cold uphill, “Manuel has something to say to you.”
Manny was puffing, and I suspected only part of his reddened face was from the cold. I let him catch his breath and waited. Jeremy kept the umbrella over Mrs. Saunders.
“Um, Rach-Miss Mills, I’m really sorry I got you in trouble with Dad. I shouldn’t’ve been messin’ ‘round with witchcraft and spells. And I’m real sorry that you had to lie to the Mounties for me. Folks here know what’s goin’ on, for real, but no one wants to tell the Mounties ‘cause they’re Mainlanders and they aren’t going to believe stuff about spirits.” He gave me an apologetic look. “Well, I guess we’re both Mainlanders, too, but you know what I mean.”
I did know what he was trying to say. Most people would have completely melted down at seeing spirits roaming the streets; here, my neighbours reacted by telling stories of the first ghosts they’d ever seen and pumping rounds into rifles.
A chill went through me and my headache pounded in time with my heart. “Manny, what are you trying to say?”
Manny looked at his father, and back down at the ground. In a weak voice, he said, “I was the one who brought these things here, so I want to help put them back.”
I glanced at David, who was staring at me, his chin held high. “Manuel can help this one time.”
I nodded my thanks. Then, I looked at Manny. “That takes courage, Manny.” Voices began to echo in my mind. “And I really could use your help.”

 
CHAPTER 10
Callin’ Up The Dead To Chat

“What do I need to do?” Manny asked, his voice shaking.
“No witchcraft,” David said, his voice firm and unyielding.
I rolled my eyes. We were in a graveyard, about to perform a dangerous and powerful ritual, and he was still worried about witchcraft.  I reined in my temper and thought about how to word my answer in terms he’d understand. “Manny, I need you to tell the spirits to go back where they belong. That’s all.” 
“That’s it?”
I nodded at the wide-eyed boy. He looked so scared. “That’s it.” I looked at David, who seemed placated by my response. Then I said to David, “I need you to pray.”
He raised his eyebrows. “Me?”
“Yes, you,” I snapped back. “I need all the help I can get. When Mrs. Saunders prayed, it sent them away. So, pray.”
David muttered something about prayer being all powerful. I ignored him, to avoid the snarky remark that I would no doubt want to make.
Mrs. Saunders looked at me, her hands shaking, making her rosary beads click against each other like a wind chime. “What do you want me to say?”
I shrugged. “Whatever you normally pray.”
“Hail Mary, full of grace,” the woman’s voice shook but said the words clearly. She gripped her rosary and the words sent a chill through my body. Faith is power.
Mrs. Saunders gave me a nod and she closed her eyes. A thrum of power began to emanate from her as she mouthed her Hail Mary. I took a steadying deep breath. That woman was strong, in every sense of the word.
The rain splashed against my face as I stood in the graveyard, eyes closed, concentrating. I blocked out my doubt over my abilities. I set aside my anxiety over the situation. I accepted that David O’Toole, the man who was putting harassing and offensive material in my mailbox, was standing next to me. I let the cares and worries of life slosh off my body with the rain.
I entered a place of quiet stillness. My heart rate slowed. My focus turned to nothing but the banishing, which was just a fancy word to describe me bullying the spirits back into the grave. I’m sure I’ve had worse plans and this was towards the bottom of the good-idea list. But, it was all I could come up with and I had to try something.
It took me three minutes to gain enough focus to begin calling the spirits to me. The comfort of Mrs. Saunders’s power no doubt helped. The knowledge that she was going to smite David O’Toole might have helped, too.
I wore my pentacle around my neck, a gift from my best friend in high school. I wasn’t into pentacles and all that, but it was a gift, so it represented friendship more than anything.  The rabbit’s-foot necklace and the medicine bag of my biological mother were wrapped around the wrist of one hand. I felt the stir of my own, minor talent. 
But what I lacked in talent, I had in sensitivity. I was closer to the dead than most.
“Spirits of the Skraelings, the red Indians, the Beothuk, countless others who have roamed this land, come to me. Come and find peace. Spirits of the Norsemen, the Vikings, the warriors, explorers and priests, come to this site. Come and find peace.”
The ground shook, and I felt more than heard the pounding of spirit energy rushing towards us. Mrs. Saunders grabbed my pants leg and recited her Hail Mary a lot faster, nearly slurring her words.
I gathered my will and felt a flimsy sphere of power encompass both of us. I was never a good caster and I knew it wouldn’t hold if they decided to slam against us. Tears rolled down my cheeks as abject fear shook me, but I held on, repeating the words. 
Every time Mrs Saunders called on Jesus or the Virgin, a little extra power zapped through the circle. Damn, that woman was more powerful than any priestess I’d ever met. Which goes to show, I suppose, don’t judge by the religion or the package.
Next to us, Manny O’Toole whispered, though I couldn’t hear his words. A little spark of power thrummed from him. Nothing substantial, but noticeable all the same. No wonder he felt conflicted, living in a home that was extremely spiritual, and yet rejected all forms of spirituality but one.
I put that aside. Perhaps later, I could speak with David and Irene, see if they’d let me help Manny. For now, however, I needed to control the ancient spirits.
The first indication that my calling was working was the pounding in my temples. I’d had a nonstop headache since Manny called these spirits forth, but I was accustomed to it. This sensation was more throbbing and painful. I fought against the need to scream and collapse on the ground. I fought against the desire to rip my hair out.
I fought.
A formless, pervasive psychic presence pressed against my senses, but I stood firm. I would not let a bunch of millennia-old spirits boss me around.
I gulped. I was so out of my depth.
I pushed aside the terror and uncertainty, pouring my energy into calling the spirits to me. In the blurred edges of reality, I heard cars chugging up the foggy hill behind us, leaves rustling, water crashing against the shore, and the thud of my own heart. The occasional wail of police sirens pierced the night, though even that sound was faded, distant . . . detached.
The dead occupied my thoughts. Forgotten languages, not spoken in millennia, flooded my consciousness.  I heard the stirring of every single spirit within the sound of my voice. And there were a lot of them buried under the very ground where I stood. 
Oh crap.
I inched towards contact. I felt the spirits waking and turning their attention to me. Cold sweat pooled around the waist of my jeans and I shivered, though that came more likely from the unrelenting wind howling around me. If I did this wrong, I could call up even more spirits from their places of rest. If there was one thing I excelled at, it was attracting the attention of the dead.
Just another minute, I thought to myself. I steadied my breathing. I was ready.
“What is taking so long?” David shouted in my ear.
 
CHAPTER 11 
Do Not Annoy The Spirits

There are days that murder just doesn’t seem like that bad a thing. I remember arguing in an ethics class that we could all kill another human being under the perfect storm of circumstances. I stood there, in the single-digit temperatures, autumn mist now turned to rain and drenching me, and the bone-chilling wind blowing off the Atlantic Ocean two hundred feet from where I stood, and I stared at David, thinking this was that perfect storm of circumstances.
“Shut up,” I growled. The power I’d been holding drained out from me and my vision blurred from the unexpected release. The sky was darker than it had been, and Manny now held a flashlight. In the distance, sirens wailed and police lights flashed. “How much time did we lose?”
Jeremy pulled up his jacket sleeve to see his watch. “You were at it for about twenty minutes.”
“Shit,” I said. “I was close, too.” I glared at David. “I’ll have to start over. Don’t speak. At all.”
David opened his mouth to argue, but Mrs. Saunders cracked him against the back of the calves with her cane. She sat on her walker’s seat, a blanket wrapped around her, Manny holding an umbrella over her bundled form. 
She shook her finger at David. “You listen ‘ere, my son, I’ve had enough of your foolishness. You’re gonna shut your mouth, that’s what you’re gonna do. Not anodder peep, you ‘ear me? Not a peep.” She squared her shoulders. “I’ll be having a talk with that pastor of yours as soon as this is over with, that’s what I’ll be doin’. You harassing good people like Rachel with those religious tracts and she out risking her life. Arsehole.” She mumbled the last word under her breath.
David just stared at the old lady. So did I. What else do you do when a ninety-three-year-old woman hits you, scowls at you, and then swears at you? You shut up, that’s what you do.
I looked at Jeremy, who shrugged a shoulder but had a wide grin on his face. Manny had a shocked look on his face: the one children often have when they first see someone else stand up to a parent—and win.
I gathered up my bearings and started again. I whispered for the spirits only once and a crushing pressure pressed against my chest. I gasped out a breath, frantically trying to work my lungs. Beside me, Mrs. Saunders gasped, “Mother of God.”
I opened my eyes and saw the spirits walking in my direction. Some still in their shimmering ethereal form, fading in and out, as though this world and the other played tug of war with them.
“Lord preserve us,” David whispered. “Demons.”
A shiver shook my body and I pretended it was the cold rain splashing against my face. I gathered up my will and continued to call the spirits to me. These were the native peoples of the region’s history: average height, a range of skin from ruddy dark to paler tones, though all had dark brown or black hair. 
The wardrobes varied as well, no doubt representing the many thousand years of peoples that settled the area: a historian’s wet dream. Weapons, clothing, and decorations all varied amongst the spirits, though more richly decorated than I suspected was true of them in life. Perhaps they carried their burial items with them in the afterlife. 
My focus waned as I stared at the hundreds of spirits circling us, more appearing with each breath. None were the Viking spirits, however. How did I screw that up? Why didn’t they come? I’d called them, too.
Pain like I’ve never experienced gripped my soul. I fell to one knee, clutching myself, fruitless against the cutting, scratching, stabbing that shook me.
“Rachel!” Jeremy exclaimed and dropped down next to me. “What’s wrong?”
“I am what’s wrong,” a voice said in English. Not Newfie English, but the Queen’s English. 
Jeremy helped me to my feet, though I still had to lean against him to remain upright. The spirits, both normal and flesh, parted the way. A middle-aged woman walked towards us. Her hair was grey and hung loosely over her shoulders. Two thin braids, richly decorated with leather, shells, and bone, framed her face. The old spirit leaned against a wooden walking stick.
With each of her steps, my muscles clenched. I shook from the psychic pressure her presence caused. After this night, I would need weeks to recover from being near this spirit, provided I survived with my brain still intact.
“Little one,” she said, her voice musical. “I’ve been waiting to meet you.”
Uh-oh.
This wasn’t just a normal spirit. Before me stood the most powerful one I’d ever encountered—and she knew me. 
I gulped. “You speak English.”
The spirit smiled. “Yes. I learned it when they came to Newfoundland,” she said, pronouncing it the local way—”Newf-in-land.”
“So you aren’t very old then.” That didn’t match the aura of power that emanated from her.
“No, little one. I learned the language thousands of years after my death. I am one of the wise women, the shaman that continues to guide her people even once the body has passed into the next existence.”
I trembled and Jeremy held me closer. 
“What’s going on?” he whispered.
“To summarize,” the spirit said, now turning to smile to Jeremy, “the little caster disobeyed his elders and resurrected spirits who have no mind or purpose of their own.” She narrowed her eyes at Jeremy before turning back to me. “Little caller, is this the man whose name you curse when you speak to your ancestors? The one who is blind to your affection and you left us to try to forget?” She sized Jeremy up. “He is rather tall.”
Heat rose in my cheeks. Stupid know-it-all spirits. “I am here to put the shades back to rest. Manny is a child and did not understand what he was doing when he called on the spirits for help.”
“Then the little caster should not have been so careless. Do not his elders follow the book with the rule to obey one’s parents?”
“This is a demon,” growled David and he began chanting the Lord’s Prayer.
“Shut up,” I whispered back. “Don’t piss the spirit off.”
“No,” the spirit said, laughter bubbling in her raspy voice, “do not.”
Her laughter scratched across the surface of my soul. I could see Jeremy staring at me in my peripheral vision, but I ignored him. The spirit was trying to distract me. She was doing a good job, too.
“Great spirit,” I said, steadying my voice, even though Jeremy’s strong arms were all that kept me vertical, “please return to your rest. I apologize for the insult of waking you.”
“Oh, there is no insult,” the spirit rasped. 
She took two steps closer and the headache doubled. My legs wobbled, but I pushed my will to reinforce my mind’s defences. 
“I am rarely at rest, little caller.”
My eyes widened. I’d attracted the attention of an aware, alive spirit whose power could crush my mind like a bug on the windshield, shattering my sanity and crushing my body. Ye gods. I looked at the motionless spirits around us. “Are you their leader?”
The old spirit took a moment to consider. “No.”
“Then why aren’t they attacking?” Mrs. Saunders asked.
The old spirit turned to Mrs. Saunders—and bowed. “Great Elder, I am keeping these mindless echoes from attacking you and ripping your bones through your flesh.”
Oh shit. “Great Spirit, I am honoured that you’ve taken notice of me.” The spirit grinned as I grimaced saying the words. “I seek your permission to allow these shades to return to their rest.”
“If the Great Elder can banish them, certainly you can, little caller.”
“They came back,” I whispered. “I need them to leave permanently.”
“This is our land,” she snarled and the words cut through me. I cried out in pain and my knees buckled under me, but I stayed upright. “Why should we be driven out first?”
I stared at the elder spirit, her eyes aflame. Literally. Red flickered in her eyes and her rage-fuelled power grew. I gulped down my fear.
“Elder spirit, I don’t wish to offend you,” I said, pushing myself to my feet.
Jeremy tightened his grip around my waist and I was grateful for the physical contact; it helped me strengthen my mental barriers.
“Old Spirit, I don’t want to fight you,” I said. It would have been more convincing if my voice didn’t crack.
The spirit laughed at me, a chortling sound that echoed in both my ears and my soul. “I have no control over these spirits. You waste your time focusing on me, little caller.” The spirit turned her gaze to the docks. 
An explosion rocked the ground. The flesh spirits around us charged past. The elder spirit shrugged and walked away, the sense of her presence fading with each step farther from me.
“Merciful Redeemer,” Mrs. Saunders muttered. 
A fireball burned its way through wood and fog. The docks were on fire. Sirens split the air seconds later. 
I just stared at the fire, dread filling me. I had let the elder spirit distract me and had not continued the banishing. I had let her confuse and awe me with her presence. I should have ignored her and continued with calling and banishing the other spirits. She might have been too powerful to put back into the grave, but the others were not.
“Stupid Rachel,” I said under my breath. 
 
CHAPTER 12 
Facing The Music And It’s Out Of Tune

With the banishing a complete failure and now the tourist dock on fire, I gave up. Fire trucks, ambulances (God, I hoped those weren’t needed), and lots of police cars cordoned off the area. I was simply too weak to drive, so Jeremy drove. I passed out before we’d even made the turn off to head home.
When I woke, I was on my sofa covered in two heavy blankets and with my oil furnace roaring to life. Faint hints of smoke filled the air; the wood furnace was on, too. 
I squinted. The only light in the darkness came from the kitchen. Jeremy stood at my sink, washing my dishes. I sat up with a fright. How long had I been out?
Jeremy must’ve heard me, because he spun around, dripping dirty dishwater over my floor. He dropped the dish back in the sink; water sloshed over the counter and dribbled down the counters.
“Shit,” he spat and mopped up the water with a dishtowel. “Hey. You feeling all right?”
The room shifted on its axis—or was that me? I pushed myself to my feet and shuffled to the kitchen. “How long have I been out?”
He glanced at the clock. “Seven hours.”
I blinked at him and stared up at the clock. “Christ, it’s the middle of the night!”
“Easy.” He held his hands out, as though to touch me, but jerked back before the contact.
“Why did you let me sleep so long?” I demanded.
Jeremy rocked back. “Um, I didn’t let you sleep. You wouldn’t wake up.”
My heart thudded. “The docks! What happened at the docks?”
“Someone caught the tourist boat on fire, the one they use for icebergs and whale watching.”
“Was it the spirits?”
Jeremy shrugged. “I called in, just to see if they needed me. LeBlanc’s refusing to let me come back to work, since this is the first vacation I’ve taken in two years. They have this big ‘work-life balance,’ “ he used air quotes. “Some vacation. LeBlanc said the ‘gang members’ “—he used air quotes again. Geez, when did he pick that up?—”took off once the fire trucks started putting out the fire.”
I thought about that. “Oh, right. Water.”
He gave me a quizzical look. 
“A bit of rain isn’t going to slow a spirit or a ghost down. But a lot of water can.” I considered that for a moment. “Chances are the rain weakened them somewhat. Add on hours of water from a high-pressure hose and very little could stay in flesh.”
“But they’ll just come back again, right?”
I sat down on a kitchen chair and yawned. I was exhausted. “Yeah. They’ll come back.”
A heavy silence fell between us. I remembered the elder spirit’s words, and not just the part where she said she’d been wanting to meet me. I looked up at Jeremy. He was staring at his feet, his hands behind him, braced against the counter. Why was he still here? And how the hell was I supposed to banish the spirits? And how was I ever going to get over this arsehole when he kept hanging out at my house at all hours of the freaking night!
“Rachel,” Jeremy said, breaking the silence, “what was that spirit talking about?”
“What do you mean?”
“You know.”
My chest constricted and I struggled to take a breath. One spectacular rejection during a crisis coming up. I shrugged a shoulder and remained quiet. 
He stared at me, his blue eyes steady. I felt my cheeks grow hotter, but I didn’t flinch.
Be strong, Rachel. You can do it.
“I didn’t realize you . . . thought of me like that.”
“I don’t,” I lied. “I like you. You’re a good friend. I’m so happy you’re with Donna. She seems like a nice person. When she gets back, we should all go out for supper or something.”
Dinner with Donna and Jeremy, the happy-go-lucky couple. And me, the third wheel who talked to spirits. I wanted to crawl under the carpet.
Jeremy didn’t seem convinced. “You’re serious?”
I nodded. My smile felt more like a muscle spasm than a confident grin.
He ran a hand through his hair. “I’ve been feeling like a jerk all night. Jesus, I’ve asked you for relationship advice. If you liked me that way . . . ah shit. I’m sorry.”
I mustered my courage, walked over to him, and put my hands on his face. I looked him in the eye and said, “I don’t want to sleep with you. I don’t want you and Donna to break up. I don’t cry myself to sleep thinking about you.” My voice cracked and I feigned a cough. “Spirits aren’t known for telling the truth. They are dead. They don’t have a good grasp on reality.”
He stared at me for a few more seconds before a smile formed on his lips.  His features relaxed and he nodded his head. “Good. Okay, good. I’ve been feeling like shit all night, worrying that I’ve been screwing you around by accident.”
I wanted to curl into a ball and cry. The trauma of the spirits, plus that elder spirit raking at my soul, was bad enough. I felt damaged, drained. I needed days of sleep, perhaps some painting, and a lot of quiet, menial chores. Digging potatoes for Mrs. Saunders would help. Perhaps sweeping the road and buffing it to a shine might, too. Anything to let my brain shut off for a while to heal.
To add to that, there was no magical moment where Jeremy admitted his undying love for me. I looked away so he wouldn’t see the tears in my eyes.
“You okay?”
“Nah, I’m good.” I needed a segue to move the conversation back to demons, ghosts, spirits, and normal topics like that. “Exhausted.”
Jeremy saved me, at least. “So, we’re back at square one?”
“More like the parking lot before square one. We haven’t even gotten out of the car yet.” I sighed. “What the hell was that spirit going on about?” I said aloud, not actually expecting Jeremy to answer.
“She seemed pretty pissed that you were trying to send them back.”
I could have smacked my hand against my forehead. “I’m such an idiot!”
Jeremy gave me the look reserved for crazy people and drunks.
“I’m used to calling on my mother’s ancestors. I don’t know if I’m aboriginal or not, but Mom is and she’s always been pretty sure I was, too. I mean, look at me. I’m not pasty white or anything.” I drummed my fingers on the table. “My grandparents taught me a lot of their traditional ways. Hmm. That’s why none of the Viking spirits manifested in the graveyard. I should have called them in a different way, maybe even used the spell Manny used. Oh, I’m such an idiot some days.”
Jeremy shook his head. “Sorry, I’m not following.”
“I tried to kick the original people of this land back to the grave before the Vikings last night. No wonder they went crazy. If I want to put everyone back to rest, there is only one place on the island where I can guarantee both Vikings and native peoples lived at the same time.”
Jeremy’s eyes went wide. “L’Anse Aux Meadows.”
I nodded, a triumphant grin spreading across my face. “L’Anse Aux Meadows.” 
 
CHAPTER 13
Finding Friends In The Oddest Place

Jeremy spent the night. No, not in that way. My life sadly does not resemble a Misty Monroe paranormal romance novel. God, how I wish it did. I’d look sexy with a sword, though I’d need to stop eating to fit into the leather halter tops.
I easily collapsed back into sleep and Jeremy refused to leave me alone. He used the excuse of Mrs. Saunders and wanting to make sure she was also all right in the morning, but I got the feeling he was worried about me, too. 
In a pathetically platonic sort of way. Like I said, not a paranormal romance. When this was done, I planned to check out the entire paranormal novel section from the library and live vicariously through others.
I asked Jeremy to keep the chatter to a minimum while I prepped my mental defences. I’d already failed, several times. If I messed up again, there was no telling what kind of damage the spirits would do. 
I heard Jeremy leave just after sunrise and the distant sound of his voice talking to . . . someone outside. Probably one of the neighbours who were heading out to fish. The fall food fishery was open for only a couple of weeks, but most of my neighbours participated in it, even those who didn’t fish commercially anymore.
I crawled out of bed, showered, and sat down in front of my easel to work on my painting, a scenic view from my backyard overlooking the ocean. I focused on painting for most of the day. Jeremy came in a few times, but he left me alone. Mrs. Saunders sent over some fresh baked bread that she still bakes every morning for herself or her neighbours. She also sent over some leftover “cooked supper,” as she called it, as if there was only one meal she ate cooked. 
I picked at the Jiggs Dinner, the official name for the traditional Sunday meal of Newfoundland. I have no idea who or what a Jiggs is, or how it was related to salt-cured pickled beef. But, that didn’t affect my enjoyment of the salt beef, root vegetables, and split-pea pudding meal. I took three naps and, each time, I awoke to an even cleaner house than to which I’d fallen asleep. It was just after suppertime when I awoke to the chopping of wood. I reluctantly pushed myself off the sofa and found Jeremy in the back, chopping firewood in a T-shirt. He saw me and stopped, giving me a big grin. My heart sank. 
Friggin’ suckhole. I really needed to kick him out of my life.
I turned my attention to the spirits. Evil, dead things lurking all over the place, wanting to catch things and people on fire. Focus, Rachel. Ogle the eye candy later.
I sucked up my pride and called David O’Toole. I did not want to make that call, but I was convinced I needed to. 
The conversation went about as well as I expected. David called me inaccurate names like “devil worshipper,” “witch,” and my personal favourite, “heathen.” Still, he agreed to meet me at the World Heritage Site.
We were fairly quiet in the car ride to the site, about ten minutes away. Mrs. Saunders sported an old snowmobile suit, borrowed from Tobe. We drove past the roadside vegetable gardens and log piles, where people cut and cured their winter fuel. 
“I called Jimmy Anderson and he’s going to keep the gate on the road open for us,” Jeremy said. He was driving. 
I nodded. “Thanks. I didn’t think about that.”
Jeremy let out a little laugh. “Last thing I need is to be arrested for trespassing.”
“What did you tell Jimmy?”
“I told him you needed to do something to stop spirits.”
I just stared at him. “You did what?”
Jeremy shrugged a shoulder. “Jimmy offered to help. His grandmother was some kind of midwife.”
Mrs. Saunders interrupted. “Old Maggie Anderson, God rest her soul, delivered two of my babies. She’d put a knife under the bed to scare off evil spirits. She never lost a woman, never. All her years birthing babes. Folks used to say she had an angel sitting with her.”
I shook my head. “Is there anyone on this island that doesn’t believe in spirits and such?”
Mrs. Saunders sniffed. “They’re probably all in St. John’s.”
We pulled up to the site’s interpretive building and parked. I frowned. The lot was full. “I thought the site was closed in the evenings.”
“It’s supposed to be,” Jeremy frowned. “Tourist season is pretty much over now that the icebergs and whales have moved on.”
“There’s no way I can do a ritual with a bunch of tourists gawking at me,” I grumbled, but I climbed out of the vehicle. 
I gathered up my gear while Jeremy gathered up Mrs. Saunders. We took our time and made it inside the building. It was easier to go through the building and take the boardwalk, than tramp across the bog that surrounded the area.
I walked in and stared. I knew my mouth was hanging open but I couldn’t close it. There were people here. A lot of people, and they looked ready to do business. Bibles, pentagrams, crosses. A chill went through my body and it had nothing to do with the howling wind outside.
Manny stepped forward and I asked, “What is this?”
Red rose in Manny’s face, but he answered me, his voice soft and diffident. “They’ve come to help you.”
 
CHAPTER 14
It’s Time, Spirits

My mouth twitched up into a grin. My neighbours, people I knew only by sight, and even some complete strangers stood in the building. At least sixty of them. Most were wearing snowsuits, not because it was snowing but because the wind coming off the Atlantic would rip a person’s skin off with the cold. Several carried hunting rifles with them. It’s one of the good things about being in a rural Canadian area: no one has hand guns, but everyone has a rifle.
I gulped down my surprise and excitement. I wasn’t sure how much they could help, but there was a lot of comfort in not being alone.
We headed out to the site. The grass- and moss-covered field-bog hybrid lacked its usual verdant vibrancy, the autumn beginning to steal its emerald tones, replacing them with the golds, reds, and browns of the coming season. The Atlantic Ocean, raw and relentless, crashed against the shoreline a stone’s throw away. Stunted balsams framed the small field, the reds and yellows of birch and maple poking out amongst the dark green needles.
It was picturesque: pretty as a painting. Except, in real life, you struggled to catch your breath. Not from the beauty, but from the pervasive wind that slammed against your lungs and sucked the oxygen from them.
People talk about how hardy the Vikings were, but if you really want to see how tough they were, dress up like one and go stand outside at the settlement site in L’Anse Aux Meadows.
Think about it: the Vikings abandoned this site. Then, look around at the people who settled and stayed on that rock. 
You know a group of people are hardy when even the friggin’ Vikings couldn’t tolerate their weather.
We avoided the reconstructed Viking mud houses and instead I led the group to the original dig site, now covered in grass after having been refilled decades ago. A thousand years before, Vikings lived and died on this little site. And, tonight, I was going to lay the spirits to their rest.
Or lose my sanity trying.
We brought a wheelchair for Mrs. Saunders, the one I usually took when we went shopping together. Jeremy pushed her as far as he could, then she walked the rest of the way over the uneven ground, cane in one hand, holding Jeremy’s arm with the other. Once in position, she thumped herself back down in the wheelchair, blowing out a breath of air.
“Mrs. Saunders, you ready?”
The old lady nodded.
I looked at the people around us and said, “Can everyone stay back, please? Manny, I need you with me.”
Manny traded places with Jeremy, who stepped back out of the way. I put my hand on Mrs. Saunders’s shoulder and squeezed. And then, I began gathering my focus and will.
Next to me, Manny recited the words of the original spell, while I focused on calling the ancient spirits of the area: the Beothuk and their ancients, who once frightened away the Vikings; the prehistoric residents, some who roamed the province ten thousand years ago. I called out to any that were not at rest.
The headache grew and I knew it was working. My hands began to tremble. The wind whipped my hair around. Dammit, I should have brought a hairband. I ignored the Medusa image that came to mind and focused on a steady calling of the spirits. I would ask the Vikings to return to their rest. Then, once they were gone, I’d try it again with the first peoples.
“Holy crap,” Manny whispered next to me.
I didn’t need to open my eyes to see what caught Manny’s attention. The pressure I was feeling was more than enough. There were spirits. Thousands of them. A few dozen Vikings and thousands upon thousands of aboriginal peoples.
I struggled to stay conscious. If I hadn’t spent the day quietly painting and napping, I’d have passed out by now. As it was, I felt the warm trickle of blood drip off my lip.
I felt a pop and realized that a protective sphere had formed around the three of us. I fought back the surge of relief. It actually worked! 
“Mrs. Saunders, I need you to start praying the way you did at my house when you sent them away. Manny and I are going to tell the spirits that it’s time for them go back. First you, Manny. Thank them for their help. Then, I’ll let the others know the invaders are gone and they can go back to sleep.”
“Got it,” Manny said.
Mrs. Saunders didn’t respond. She merely began her prayers.
“Rachel!” David shouted from somewhere in the blackness of the night. I couldn’t turn to see him. I was too afraid to move, afraid to break the fragile sphere that protected me. I could not banish them. There was no way that I could. I needed Mrs. Saunders to do it.
“Can’t talk,” I shouted back.
The spirits screamed and charged us. They bounced against our flimsy sphere of protection, somehow angered by our banishing spells.
Mrs. Saunders merely prayed louder, words merging between French and English, and perhaps even a little Latin, her Hail Marys coming out in a cornucopia of languages.
It wasn’t enough. The spirits faded a little every so often, but there were simply too many of them. They began pulling up headstones, hurling them at each other, marble smashing against marble, sending crushing pebbles through the air. 
A wave of chills shivered through my body.
“Our Father, who art in heaven, hallowed be thy name.” David’s voice came closer to me. “Thy kingdom come. Thy will be done on earth—”
The sphere grew in strength and encompassed David. I could feel the power drain a little when it wrapped around him.
“David, don’t fight it. Let it come over you. It won’t hurt you. As long as people stay out of the graveyard or inside this sphere, the ghosts cannot hurt.”
“What can we do?” he asked.
“Focus on something you believe in.”
I must have been shouting when I said it because, all around us, I heard the increasing voices of people, as though they were standing around the graveyard. I opened my eyes and saw the flicker of movement farther off in the distance. A bit of reflective striping moved.
Then I heard it, the words coming clear. Prayers. Wishes. Someone even hummed AC/DC’s “Thunderstruck.” 
Cold coursed through my veins. Not from the pouring rain or even from the cool night air. But from the power that surged around us. 
The ghosts stopped and stared at me. Really stared at me. We could see into each other’s souls at that moment. They could see my loneliness, my isolation, my fruitless yet endless longing to be normal. And I could see into them. Their pride in the land, still unmarred by development. Their burdens of watching their people disappear into spirits over the centuries. Their haunting and shaping of the new visitors that arrived and their struggle against those who did not believe in the ancestors.
Mrs. Saunders stood up, not needing my help at all. She walked through the protective sphere. It bent and buckled, but snapped back into place once she exited. I let out a breath of relief. Mrs. Saunders approached the Viking leader and lightly touched his chest. He collapsed to the ground in front of her. The others followed suit. The Beothuk man approached her. They stared at each other before the man turned his eyes away. They did not kneel but Mrs. Saunders did not seem bothered by it.
“You were brought here against your will. Go. Be at peace in the Otherworld again. Do not return.”
The Viking leader looked up at her, a weary smile on his face. He faded away, as did the others. 
Then, the elder spirit emerged from the shadows. She smiled at us and said, “Good bye, little spirit caller. I’ll be seeing you.” She looked at Mrs. Saunders and bowed. “You, elder one, will one day be very special indeed.”
A moment later, the sphere broke and the spirits were gone.
Mrs Saunders collapsed to the ground, and I rushed to her side to give her a hand up. She was pallid, and wheezed, “Oh my, I’m too old for this foolishness.”
David reached down and helped me lift Mrs. Saunders. “We don’t agree with this witchcraft of yours but we decided we couldn’t let evil exist. We came to exorcise the demons.”
“Thank you.” I meant it.
He grunted. “I hope to see you at church on Sunday.”
I gave a polite smile and began walking Mrs. Saunders to the car. 
“Will you be going to church on Sunday?”
“Doubtful,” I said honestly.
“Good. I’d hate to think all your bluster against religion was just a show.”
I let out a laugh. Yes, this place was my home after all.

