
These Flowers Have a Taste for Blood
Dorothy Darrow


Copyright 2012 by Dorothy Darrow
Smashwords Edition

This is a work of fiction.  Names, characters, places, and incidents are the product of the author's imagination or are used fictitiously, and any resemblance to actual persons, living or dead, business establishments, events, or locales is entirely coincidental.

Smashwords License Statement
This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only.  This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people.  If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each reader.  If you're reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to Smashwords.com and purchase your own copy.  Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.


Written in the U.S.A.




Chapter 1


LUKE WRIGHT WAS A BAD PERSON.  This he knew.  He also knew he deserved to pay a penance for his sins, but he wished the sun would just go away.  The light blazed through his eyelids, waking him from a much-needed doze, and just plain annoying him.
He fumbled about for his sunglasses, his adolescent fingers whipping around as if playing a one-handed piano solo.  After a moment of pawing, he remembered he had lost his sunglasses somewhere around Jefferson City.  Luke halted his fingers and brought his stilled hand to his face.  With an irritated sigh, he resigned to keep his hand over his eyes to block the persistent light.
Where were they?  What time was it?  Luke had fallen asleep and had no idea how far the Wright family had traveled while he was out.  His only clue was the rough, empty desert surrounding their vehicle, only scrubby brown plants spotting the landscape, and gray mountains on the farthest horizon.  The Wright family SUV drove over a cracked and rutted highway, which slit through the arid terrain like the edge of a dull knife.  The Wrights were in the middle of nowhere.  They had to be near their destination.
Muffled yaps made their way around Luke's ear buds to thump on his eardrums, disturbing his newly wakened freshness.  He increased the volume of his music, attempting to drown out all the quarreling.  Beside him, his little sisters, Lena and Lucy, wrangled over a red crayon.  In the front seats, his mother, Lisa, and his older sister, Lara, also bickered, probably over the same thing they had been bickering about before he fell asleep.
The inside of the SUV stunk.  Four days of five bodies forced to sit in the car all day and the unholy odor that resulted had permeated the interior as the Wrights moved cross-country from the comfort of their native Salem, Massachusetts, to the obscure desert settlement of LeVir Lake, California.  For the last three days, they had played a continual car game that consisted of squabbling about music choices, turning the radio on but not finding a good station, turning the radio off, and then squabbling some more.  Luke had lost every time, so he forfeited.
He stared out from under his hand at the miles of desert that surrounded them.  The sight of it stirred his blood--he already hated that empty land.  He was suspicious of LeVir Lake's very existence.  It didn't appear on any maps, a fact he inserted into conversation with his mother at every opportunity.  He was playing every card he had to persuade his mom to turn the SUV around and take him back to Salem and his friends, including the "being a total jerk the entire trip" card.  Incidentally, Lara was using the same card, and doing a much better job.
As the SUV rolled across nothingness, Luke's thoughts descended into a memory of his father.  He saw his dad enjoying a nightly walk, unwinding in the cool New England breeze after a backbreaking day of honest work as a warehouse grunt.  His father strolled along the side of the back roads as he did every night the sky wasn't pouring rain or dumping snow.  Luke had once asked his father what he thought about during those long walks.  His father had answered, "How lucky I am, Luke.  How you and your mom and your sisters make me so lucky."  That thought was probably going through his father's head as a brilliant white light burst to life behind him.  The flash blinded Luke's mind, and the next thing he could see was his father's body sailing through the clear, star-speckled night air.
Luke's eyelids yanked apart.  The vision had lasted less than half a minute, but a cold sweat had broken out along Luke's back and the sides of his neck, chilling his whole body.  However, the real chill came from his mind, where deep-seated feelings of guilt had risen and gripped his entire body with icy hooks.  He shifted his body toward the SUV's window, pressing his shoulder against the glass, leaning toward the blazing desert, bitterly requesting the heat he hated to remove the remnant shivers of his daydream.
Trapped in the final hours on the road with four very-female females, Luke closed his eyes and absorbed himself in his playlist.  He was listening to Silver & Gold, an all-girl pop group whose boppy songs all sounded the same and whose music he would never admit to liking.  However, he would totally acknowledge that all of the girls in the group were sizzling hotties.  His favorite was Kitten, a skin-baring blonde with all the right curves.  She looked like she belonged in Penthouse rather than Teen, and Luke should know.  He possessed an extensive pornographic reading collection that had taken him five years to attain.  He had gathered the magazines from various sources, but the bulk of the collection came from his neighbor's recycling bin.  Luke could only hope his new neighbors were careless, horny people.  He had packed his prized collection in a large box marked "READING MATERIAL" in big, block letters on the side.  It was already at the house in LeVir Lake, awaiting Luke's arrival with breathless anticipation.
"MOM!"
Little Lucy's shriek pierced straight through Luke's ear buds and stabbed his eardrums.  He jolted as if he'd been caught doing something dirty.
"No screaming, young lady," Lisa scolded, scowling into the rearview mirror at her youngest daughter.
Five-year-old Lucy pointed frantically at Lena.  "She won't give me the orange crayon!"
Lena answered coolly, "I'm coloring the color-by-number impressionistically.  I'm making all the blue spaces orange.  Mother, I'm coloring the ocean."
Lisa was unimpressed.  "Who had it first?"
"ME!" Lucy shrieked.
"Lucille Elizabeth Wright," Lisa admonished with a warning frown, "wait for Lena to finish, then you can have the crayon.  And no more screaming."
In the front seat, Lara sighed.  "Really, Mom, you should just have those two put to sleep."  Lisa shot an acidic glare toward the front passenger seat.  "Just a nap, I meant."
Lisa glowered at the road, rubbing her forehead.  It meant she had a headache coming on.  She'd been doing that a lot lately.
Luke tried to go back to ignoring everyone, but Lucy's elbow kept jabbing him.  She was trying to steal the orange crayon without an outburst.  Luke shielded his side with his hands, wishing Lena would just go back to her monster novel and give Lucy the crayons.  As if answering Luke's wish, Lena chucked the orange crayon at Lucy's face.  The littlest Wright almost cried out, but she noticed her mother watching in the rearview mirror and sucked in her frustration.
Luke shook his head at the ridiculousness of his relatives.  He repositioned his hand over his eyes and took a deep breath, trying to relax.  The unwelcoming desert stared back at him through the SUV windows.  Here and there, boulders that had been dormant for centuries awoke to observe him passing.  They looked like prison guards vigilantly monitoring inmates transferring from one jail to another.
Luke closed his eyes against nature.  He let Silver & Gold serenade him with their hit "Juliet," which had the painfully obvious subject of star-crossed lovers.  The song reminded Luke of his freshman English teacher, Miss Tremaine, a hidden beauty waiting for her fairy godmother.  Unfortunately for Miss Tremaine, only Luke could see her potential.  Luke's shortsighted friends just saw her heavy blouses, long skirts, and mousy brown hair stuffed into a sloppy bun.  Luke's friends had always made fun of him for staying behind after class to help clean up the debris from the latest paper ball fight Miss Tremaine couldn't muster the authority to prevent, but he ignored their jibes.  Luke had always been a defender of underdogs.  His friends had secretly accepted that way back in preschool, but in a high school where plenty of other witnesses noticed and questioned Luke's chivalry, his friends had their reputations to protect.
Luke opened his eyes.  He caught sight of his reflection in the window.  His light brown hair had gotten shaggy, especially in the front where it nearly reached his matching light brown eyes.  He stretched his chin forward, tightening the skin around his jaw so it squared off by his ears.  It used to do that without his help, but lately his jawline hadn't looked as trim.  Yet another thing that depressed him.  Months of disheartened languor were taking its toll.  He knew he wasn't a bad-looking guy, but he didn't see anything special about himself, and he guessed high school girls didn't either.  He thought about how unfortunate it was that girls his age never went for the nice guy.  Luke couldn't exactly complain since he had never lacked for a date, but the only girls who showed interest in him were popularity-hungry sycophants yearning to ingratiate themselves with Luke's high-ranking friends.  Translation: girls willing to do whatever it took to secure a position in the popular clique.  Unfortunately for them (and for Luke), Luke wasn't the kind of guy who enjoyed being used, and he had never gone beyond second base with any of those social climbers.  Which meant he had never gotten beyond second base, period.
On his last night in Salem, though, he'd hoped that would change.  Mandy Simpkins, a girl who rode his bus, and who Luke had harbored a slight crush on since third grade--a smart and pretty girl who was anything but a sycophant--had asked him to take a walk with her, and Luke anticipated a sweeping romantic evening he could carry with him to his certain loneliness in LeVir Lake.  As he and Mandy ambled along the four tree-lined blocks that separated their houses, their bodies drifted closer and closer to each other.  Luke's arm kept brushing hers, and she didn't move away.  His spirits were lounging with the stars.  But then, just as Luke prepared to make a move, Mandy started talking about "God's Plan," and Luke's interest in her vanished as if someone had flipped a switch.  She went on and on about how everything happened for a reason, and that moving from his hometown would help him grow into the person he was meant to be, and his dad was in a better place blah blah blah.  Luke ended the night by ditching Mandy on her front stoop and moping the four blocks home.  The next morning, his real friends--who knew better than to bring up a scam like God, or even worse, fate--brought him cold pizza and sent him on his melancholy way, promising to visit.  Luke knew this wouldn't happen, though.  Football training camp started in a week, and of course all of his friends had made the varsity team their sophomore year, leaving him behind (even though he most likely would have made varsity, too, had he not quit sports when he was a freshman).
Luke pushed the memory out of his head.  He didn't want to feel sorry for himself anymore.  He lowered his eyelids and focused on Kitten's charming voice.  But, wait a minute...
"Shit," Luke slipped.
Lucy gasped.  "Mom.  Luke said the S-word."
Lisa made eye contact in the rearview mirror.  "Luke, don't swear.  What's wrong?"
"Golly, Ma, my gosh-dern battery just wore out, doggone it."
"Mom," Lena tattled, "Luke's being a smartass."
Lisa scowled at everyone in the backseat.  "Luke, stop being a smartass.  And no more swearing from anyone."
A few minutes passed in miserable silence.  Luke tried restarting his music player, but it only held a charge for a few seconds, then it promptly died.  Luke yanked the ear buds from his ears and sulked, glaring through his hand at the persistent sunlight, blaming it for his troubles.
Lara interrupted the silence.  "What's that?"
Over the horizon, a forest blossomed out of the desert.  "I bet that's LeVir Lake," Lisa said.
Lucy asked, "Where's the lake?"
"It doesn't have to have a lake, doofus," Lara said.  "It's just a name."
"Why would you name a town LeVir Lake if there is no lake?" Lucy challenged.
Their mom intervened, "Never mind the lake.  I can't even see the town.  Just trees and desert."
Lisa continued to follow the aged highway, driving closer and closer to the trees.  Luke craned his neck to see out the windshield.  The road headed straight toward the woods, but Luke didn't see any breaks in the trees where a car could enter.  Lisa continued to follow the road.  Luke was afraid she would follow it straight into a tree trunk, but the road veered left at the last second.  Lisa turned with it and drove alongside the woods.
Luke scanned the thick tree trunks, which extended at least ten feet into the air before disappearing behind branches.  The trees were so dense he couldn't see past the front lines.  His eyes flicked from one tree to the next.  They didn't look like they belonged in the desert.  They almost looked like redwoods, which he thought only grew in the rainy Northeast.  How could trees like that survive out there in the dry heat?
After a few minutes of driving with the woods on the right and the desert on the left, a small sign appeared.  It displayed a simple red arrow pointing right.
Lisa obeyed the instruction and turned onto a gravel road.  Trees bordered both sides of the car, seeming to inch closer, hugging the Wrights in an unwelcome bear grip.  Luke had never had problems with claustrophobia before, but he began to feel suffocated by the towering trunks.
A huge gate waited about a quarter of a mile in front of them.  Etched into an arch above the closed double gate, gothic letters spelled out "LEVIR LAKE."  On either side of the gate, a wall just as tall as the gate constructed of glistening tan stone stretched into the trees as far as Luke could see.
"What's that?" Lena asked, pointing at the gate.  "There's a drawing."
The SUV rolled to a stop just outside the gate.  Carved into the thick left side of the gate, a large, perfectly round circle adorned the stone.  To the right and diagonally down from the perfect circle was another, smaller circle circumferenced by shaky spikes.
"It's the moon and the sun," Luke deciphered.  "The moon is the bigger circle, overpowering the sun."
"I guess whoever designed that was a night owl," Lisa joked.
Nobody laughed.
Lisa cleared her throat.  "All right, Mr. Interpreter, what does the other stuff mean?"
Starting to the right of the gate, a series of embossed panels illustrated a story.  The tale began with a man and woman holding a baby.  Behind them, an etched window displayed a total solar eclipse.  At the bottom of the panel, a faceless mass cowered.  Luke tried to distinguish the next segment of the story, but the trees obstructed his view.  He switched his gaze to the left side of the gate, where the last panel of the wall displayed a triumphant man.
"It's a story," Luke declared.  He pointed to the first panel.  "It starts with a baby and ends with a hero."  He pointed at the last panel.
Lara scoffed.  "A story that you can only see the beginning and end of is kind of pointless."
"Not if you have a good enough imagination," Lena said.
"Shut up."
Lisa ignored her children as she opened her power window with a mechanical whir.  She stuck her head out and examined the area outside her door.  "How are we supposed to get in?" she seemed to ask the trees standing an arm span away.
Luke looked around as well, trying to find a hidden intercom system or coded keypad.  He only saw trees.
A horn blasted against the gate.  Luke jumped, his butt leaving his seat for a second.  It was a moment before he realized his mother had created the sound.  She did it again, pressing both hands into the center of the steering wheel, producing a loud, extended, obnoxious bleat.
Lucy jammed her hands against her ears.  "Mom-my," she whined.  Lisa honked the horn again.
A thin line formed down the center of the Moon and Sun sequence.  The line thickened as two sets of hands pulled the gate open from the inside.  Two Hispanic men peeked out at the SUV.  Confused creases formed around their faces.  They dragged the heavy stone doors into town until they had produced enough room for the SUV to pass.  Luke peered past them into LeVir Lake.  All he could see was the road they were on continue straight, dividing the town into halves.  Not so far away, a tan band underlined the horizon.
Little Lucy asked the question on Luke's mind.  "Do you think that wall surrounds the entire town?"
"I think town is an overstatement," Lara said.
She was right.  Judging by what they saw beyond the gate, LeVir Lake looked smaller than their subdivision in Salem.
Lisa searched the glove compartment for the directions to their new house.  She found it and instructed Lara to navigate.  Lara read the first direction: "Enter the gate into LeVir Lake."
Lisa drove into town.  Luke caught sight of the triumphant man's image again and studied it for as long as he could see it.  The depiction seemed somehow familiar.  Maybe Luke had seen it in a book or something.  He would Google it later once they got the Internet set up.
Lisa drove until the SUV had cleared the gate, then she stopped again.
"Turn right onto Prudence Boulevard," Lara instructed.
"Prudence Boulevard is a funny name," Lucy said.
"We used to live on Squirrel Nut Road," Lena reminded.
"Everyone, look for Prudence Boulevard," Lisa ordered.
She drove past colossal houses with empty semi-circular driveways, a town square, and a park.  A number of people milled about the town, mostly Hispanics, or at least, with Hispanic blood.  They stared at the Wright SUV as it passed.
Lisa drove straight across town until the road terminated in a dead end right in front of the huge town wall.  She put the SUV in park and looked behind her.
"Did anyone see Prudence Boulevard?" she asked.
Nobody had.  Lisa turned the car around and returned through town the way they had traveled, driving back to the town gate.  The gate was closed.  Lisa stopped the SUV and again asked her children if they had seen Prudence Boulevard.  Again, nobody had seen any other roads.
"This is the right LeVir Lake, right?" Lara asked.
"Did you see any other LeVir Lakes, Lara?" Lisa snapped.  "We'll look one more time and if we still don't find it, we'll ask someone for directions."
Lisa drove back down the road until the dead end curbed them again.  She slammed the SUV into park and smacked the steering wheel with both hands.  A short whimper escaped from the horn.
"This is terrific!" Lisa vented.  "Of course my parents would give me a crummy house on a stupid road that doesn't even exist!"
"Mom," Lara soothed, "let's just ask for directions."
Lisa pursed her lips together and stared at Lara.  Lara stared back, knowing exactly how to deal with her mother in that state.  Lisa huffed through her nose, forcing herself into a calmer condition.  She glanced into the rearview mirror at the rest of her children.  She offered them an apologetic shrug.  Lucy gave her a patient smile in return.  Luke just rolled his eyes.
Lisa turned the car around once more, asking her children to look for someone to assist them.  But as they traveled a fourth time through the center of town, all of the people who had been outside staring at the SUV were gone.  The Wrights searched for any kind soul to help them, but everyone had simply disappeared.
They were three quarters of the way back to the gate, and Lisa was fuming again.  She was about to lose her temper when Luke finally spotted a local.  A teenaged girl waited beside a sudsy Rolls Royce, smiling amiably at the SUV as if she were expecting it.
Lisa stopped the car and Lara hopped out before the girl could disappeared like everyone else had.  Lara approached the girl, who oozed hospitality as she welcomed Lara's questions.
Luke gawked at the girl.  How had he not noticed her every other time they had driven past?  She was a knockout.  A blonde, she showed off her porcelain-skinned, svelte body in a bikini top and jean cutoffs.  A large metallic choker all but covered her swanlike neck, and despite an oversized sun hat shadowing her face, Luke could see the blueness of her eyes from the SUV.  Plus, as if her natural beauty weren't enough, she was soaking wet from washing the Rolls-- seemingly the only car in town--and what little clothing she had on clung to the intimate parts of her body.  Luke barely noticed when his sister returned to the SUV as he stared at those parts.
"What did she say?" Lisa pressed.
"Apparently, this is LeVir Lake Avenue.  Prudence Boulevard is a one-way street that circles the town.  We need to go this way until we see what looks like a really wide sidewalk.  That's Prudence Boulevard.  We turn left onto it.  She said it goes the way of the wall."
"What does that mean?" Lisa asked, irritated.
"Maybe it means follow the story," Luke absently suggested, still focused on the girl.
Lisa shook her head.  "I hope the moving truck driver didn't have this much trouble finding the house."  She launched the SUV, muttering about road signs.  Luke kept his eye on the blonde, turning around in his seat, until she stepped behind the Rolls and out of his view.  He turned back around, the tiniest smile on his face.  Maybe that town wouldn't be so bad after all.
Two houses straddled Prudence Boulevard, making it look like a driveway.  Lisa almost passed it again before Lara discovered it with a yell.  Lisa swerved left, nearly knocking the SUV onto two wheels.  Lucy gripped Luke for protection from their mother's driving.
The SUV followed Prudence Boulevard, which moseyed about the town in a continuous circle.  They crossed over the last stretch of LeVir Lake Avenue, passing the familiar dead end, and proceeded to loop around the other half of town.  Prudence Boulevard literally followed the wall, never leaving more than a couple hundred feet between itself and the glittery stone.  Luke examined the squished yards and houses of the residences on the wall's side of the street, and he hoped the Wright's new house wasn't one of them.
As the SUV yet again neared the gate to LeVir Lake, the Wrights recognized the moving truck that contained most of their possessions.  The two younger girls shrieked and pointed.  After four and a half days of living in the SUV, they had finally found their new address.
Lara's jaw dropped as Lisa pulled into the driveway.  "Is this our house?"
The house was easily three times larger than their home in Salem.  The brown brick walls towered over them, gradating from dark to light as it reached the terra cotta roof.  Luke gawked at the huge, carefully tended front lawn.  The grass was greener than it had any right to be in the middle of the desert.  As Luke opened his car door, surprisingly temperate air embraced him.  If he hadn't just ridden half a day through the most boring desert in the world, he would have never known that on the other side of the town wall were miles and miles of barren, scorched, unforgiving nothingness.
Luke marveled at the size of the front lawn.  It was perfect for touch football with his friends.  He felt a temporary lift in spirits before he remembered his friends were three thousand miles away.  The lawn wasn't all that great anyway.  The more grass someone had in his front yard, the more likely a random neighborhood dog would take a crap in it.  A crap-filled yard sucked for touch football.  Luke was glad the Wrights were never really one for pets.  He personally didn't understand the appeal.  He had a hard enough time taking care of himself without having to worry about some dumb animal.
"Luke gets permanent lawn duty," Lara yelled as she bounced out of the SUV.
"That's not fair," Luke whined.  "Mom."
"Not now."  Lisa was still awestruck by the house.  Luke figured someone who had grown up in mansions would be accustomed to large houses, but her eyes kept scanning the façade, her jaw slowly descending and the corners of her mouth perking as she comprehended the size of the dwelling.  Luke shrugged, climbed out of the SUV, and stretched his legs on his way to the front door.
"Luke," his mother called as she shook out of her daze, "don't wander off and leave your stuff here for us to move."
Luke didn't listen.  He reached the front door and grabbed the knob.  It was unlocked.  The red-painted door opened without a squeak--something Luke wasn't accustomed to.  He left the door wide open, allowing a draft to circulate through the house.
Luke examined the first floor, starting with the fully furnished living room.  Red-stained wood, dark red leather, and wrought iron furnishings and décor graced the room.  Everything was of the finest quality, from the elegant furniture to the state-of-the-art entertainment system.  It wasn't the kind of decorating Luke had expected from a house his grandparents owned, what with the bright white wainscoting and pastel wallpaper in their Hamptons house that had made him nauseous with its over-the-top chipperness.  He actually kind of liked the darker design, though it still possessed the sickeningly sweet smell of old money and old leather.
The next room was a fully equipped kitchen stocked with any and every appliance the Wrights could need, though Luke couldn't envision his mother or sisters--none of whom possessed a knack for cooking--juicing anything anytime soon.  His father had been the chef of the family, and Luke had tried to learn from him, though it seemed he had inherited his mother's propensity for burning everything she couldn't just stick in a microwave.  It was a good thing Luke liked TV dinners and sandwiches.  He checked the cabinets.  All empty.  Luke was relieved that his mother had decided to keep the dishes (along with their bedroom sets) as she sold off nearly everything else the Wrights owned to finance their move west.  She had refused to take any more money from her parents for that cause, though they had ended up buying most of the Wrights' possessions anyway.  Luke tried to imagine the old 32-inch tube television that had been in their living room for as long as he could remember replacing his grandparents' 60-inch high-definition projector screen--they were too good to watch anything other than classic movies "the way they were meant to be viewed"--and he somehow couldn't fathom it.
The kitchen connected to the dining room, where a polished wooden table stretched across the floor.  Luke estimated twelve people could sit comfortably at that table.  The Wrights didn't need all that space.  Their Salem house had been the perfect size.  Luke found himself exploring the doorway between the kitchen and the dining room for the growth chart his mother had maintained since Lara was born.  He found only a freshly painted doorframe.
Having lost his eager curiosity, Luke shuffled out of the dining room, passing a half bathroom manifestly darkened by the house's black and red color scheme.
The next door Luke opened led to the master bedroom.  The vastness of the room dwarfed the king-sized four-poster bed it held.  Red-stained wood made up the bed frame as the sheets and pillowcases shone crimson, accompanied by a bright scarlet comforter.  A matching armoire, vanity, and dresser completed the set.  The master bathroom was black and red like the half bathroom in the hall, but the master bathroom contained two sinks, a Jacuzzi, a claw-foot bathtub, and a separate shower, all with room to spare.
Luke finally realized why Lisa had agreed to move there.  Her parents must have described the master bathroom to her.  Compared to the stall she had to share with her husband in the Wrights' old shack, her new bathroom was like her own personal Turkish bathhouse.
Luke ended his tour of the first floor with the parlor, the type of room he never would have believed would be in a house he inhabited.  Parlors belonged to rich people who liked showing off their richness with unnecessary rooms.  Expecting red wood and sanguineous cloths, he was shocked to find the parlor bathed in white.  The couches and chairs were spotless.  A white wood Luke had never seen before formed the tables.  The curtains were delicate white lace.  The fireplace was marble.  Luke decided not to enter that room.  Besides the fact that he didn't dare soil the whiteness, the blatant opposition of the parlor to the rest of the first floor kind of creeped him out.
The time had come for Luke to go upstairs and find his new bedroom.  He circled the first floor again, hunting for the stairs, wondering why he hadn't seen them on the first go-round.  Next to the half bathroom, Luke found a big, heavy door he had somehow overlooked.  It flaunted the same Moon and Sun sequence as the LeVir Lake gate.  Luke opened the door.
The stairs.  Luke flicked on the light--a single bulb in the middle of the ceiling--and hiked up the steps.  Another door waited at the top of the stairs.  He imagined how pitch black the staircase would be with both doors closed and the light switched off.  Luke wasn't afraid of the dark, but he didn't yearn to be in there under those circumstances.  He could imagine the terrible fuss little Lucy would make.  Not only was she terrified of the dark, but she was deathly afraid of people under the stairs, along with every other ghoul, goblin, and monster ever fathomed.  Lena, a horror aficionado and practicing sadist, loved reading scary stories to her little sister, augmenting Lucy's fears.
Luke emerged on the second floor.  He found a sitting area by the stairs, three large bedrooms, all with adjoining bathrooms, plus an additional half bathroom near the end of the hall.  Unlike downstairs, all of the upstairs rooms were unfurnished.  The newly-laid carpet was dull beige and the walls were standard eggshell--the first attributes of the house that made Luke feel at home.  The only customization on the second floor was the bright blue floor tile in the otherwise white hall bathroom.
After Luke investigated all of the bedrooms--identifying the largest and hoping he would get it--one unexplored door remained at the end of the hall.  Luke anticipated finding a second linen closet (he'd already found one next to the stairs), but when he opened the skinny door, he met emptiness.  There were no shelves or clothing poles, only dark space.  Luke peeked past the doorway.  The space was long and narrow, as if the architect had reserved a chunk of the left side of the second floor especially for that strange room.  Bolted to the wall next to the door, a ladder led up to the attic.
The long room made Luke nervous.  He flicked a light switch, but all it activated was a single bulb somewhere in the attic.
Something rustled across the attic floor.
Luke tensed, his fingers digging into the doorframe.  He realized his nervous actions and felt ridiculous, telling himself it was just a rat scurrying around...a very large rat.  Any interest he had in exploring the attic abandoned him.  Luke turned the light off and left the long room, listening for the skinny door's latch to click so the room couldn't surprise him later by opening itself.
Luke wandered into one of the bedrooms and glanced out the window.  There was no screen on the other side of the glass.  Luke opened the window and stuck his hand straight out of the house.  He'd never been able to do that before.  It was strangely liberating.  Without a screen, he could see everything outside his house clearly, without a layer of gray distorting it.  He looked down at the front lawn, spread out before that side of the house.  His jaw dropped when he saw the scene.
His mom and sisters were in the back of the moving truck merrily chucking Luke's stuff from the trailer out onto the lawn.  His bags were lumped everywhere.  Boxes had fallen open, his possessions spilling out.
A sobering thought struck Luke.  If they dumped out the box containing his nudie magazine collection, Lisa would ground him for life--not to mention, she would take them away.  Not his beautiful centerfolds!  Not his voluptuous pinups!
Luke dashed down the stairs and out the front door, his feet moving so quickly they barely touched the ground.  Lisa and Lara had a box in their arms, about to hurl it into the yard.  The big, black "READING MATERIAL" label was prominent.  Luke dashed to the very spot he needed to be in just in time for the box to bash into his chest, knocking him hard to the ground.
He sat up, first checking to make sure the box was still sealed, and then he glared at his mother and sister.  "What are you doing?!" he wheezed.  He would have shouted, but his breath was gone.
Lisa planted her hands on her hips, looking down her nose at her son from the trailer.  "I told you not to disappear and leave all your stuff here.  We unloaded the SUV.  Then we called for you.  We couldn't find you so we moved your stuff out of the way."
"You moved my stuff out of the way," Luke parroted, his lips puckering into a sour scowl.  "All over the front yard?"
"That was my idea," Lara interjected.
"Don't raise your voice with me, young man," Lisa decreed.  "You were warned and you didn't listen.  If you didn't want your stuff all over the yard, you should have moved it.  You didn't, so we did.  Now get your stuff out of the yard."  Lisa disappeared into the trailer.
"Where's the furniture dolly?" Luke demanded.  "I need the furniture dolly since you guys aren't going to help me."
Lara yelled from the front door, "I called it.  Mom's next.  Your junk's last."  With an evil toss of her hair, Lara disappeared into the house.
Sometimes Luke believed the entire female race was against him.  Or maybe his satanic older sister had just brainwashed them all into treating him like scum.
The majority of his boxes were too heavy to lug inside and up the stairs by himself without the dolly, and the moving truck driver was nowhere to be found.  Luke knew that guy couldn't be trusted (even if he did successfully transport the Wright's belongings across the country).  As Luke pushed his boxes across the lawn into one big group, he regretted his more-stuff-into-less-boxes packing approach.  How was he supposed to know that was a stupid way to pack?  It wasn't like he had much practice putting his entire life into boxes.  It must have taken all of his sisters plus his mom to get them off the truck.  For a couple of the boxes, he had to throw all of his weight into them just to get them to budge.  His sneakers dug into the plush, well-trimmed lawn, leaving little brown patches in the bright green grass.  The desert sun beat on him and sweat saturated his hair and clothes.  The dark, engulfing garments typically worn by depression-addled adolescents like Luke were suitable attire in New England during any part of the year, but the Southern California summer proved too powerful for the habit, even in the deflated heat of the LeVir Lake oasis.  Luke would have to pull out his old shorts and tank tops, an act he was hesitant to do.  The majority of his body hadn't seen the sun for nearly a year, rendering him objectionably pale, which was why he hadn't yet stripped off his sweat-drenched shirt.  Luke hoped he'd be able to work on a tan before he met anyone new.  Especially the Rolls Royce girl.
Luke finished gathering boxes.  Time for a break.  He sat on the "READING MATERIAL" box and buried his head in his hands.  If only Kitten were there.  She could pamper him, make him feel better about the move.  Maybe give him a massage...
"Where'd you come from?"
Luke flinched at the unfamiliar voice, his face snapping upward.  The car-washing beauty smiled down at him.  She had traded her wet bikini top and cutoffs for a sleeveless, midriff-exposing turtleneck and cutoffs.  Much classier.  The sun hat still shadowed her face, but it couldn't overpower the spectacular blueness of her eyes.  Her thick metal choker poked out from under the turtleneck.
"What?" Luke asked--except instead of the word he had meant to say, he released a guttural squawk.
The girl unsuccessfully tried to suppress a cute giggle.  "Where did you come from?" she repeated.
The way her lips moved drew Luke's attention to her mouth.  "Massachusetts," he answered.
"Salem?"
"How did you know?"
The girl shrugged.  "That's the first town in Massachusetts I thought of."
"Most people think Boston first."
She shrugged again.  "You don't seem like you're from a big city."
Luke stared at her lips.  They were amazing.  When they parted to form words, the inner, moist area of her mouth formed perfect curves, and each time the two lips came back together was like watching a sweet, sensuous kiss.
"I hear Salem's pretty Halloween-y," the girl conversed.
"Yeah," Luke responded, his words automatic as he ogled her gorgeous mouth.  "A lot of witches and Puritans pop up in the fall.  You know, because of the witch trials.  What are you into?"  Luke wasn't sure whether he was actually interested in the Halloween customs of LeVir Lake, or if he was trying to slip in a flirty suggestive phrase.
The girl paused at the question.  Luke was afraid she had assumed the latter and was offended.  He forced his enchantment with her lips to break, but before he could apologize, she answered casually, "Same kind of thing."  She smiled.  "How many sisters do you have?  Eleven?"
The lips sucked Luke's attention back to them like a magnet dragging iron filings.  He moistened the separation between his own lips.  "Three."
"I don't have any siblings," the girl chatted, "but I can't complain since I have my cousins."  Luke nodded, barely listening.  "Mostly all of the Padreses live here on Prudence Boulevard.  I live next door."
Luke was pleased to hear it.
"How'd your family find out about LeVir Lake?" she pried.
Luke's concentration left the girl's mouth and his head drooped as his chronic brooding flared up.  "My grandparents gave us this house."
"Who are your grandparents?"
"I doubt you know them.  They've never been here."
"Then how do they have a house here?"  She seemed to be asking herself more than Luke.
"Someone told them about LeVir Lake, and they fell in love with the description or something like that, and they bought a house on the spot."
"From whom?"
"I don't know.  I'm not sure they knew."
"That's not very wise," the girl said, still mainly to herself.  Her thoughts wandered as she observed Luke's new house.  She was examining the terra cotta roof.  Her gaze was so intense Luke thought she might be looking straight into the attic.
Quicker than a blink, the girl switched her demeanor and the subject.  "Do you need help moving in?"
"No, I'm okay."  He didn't want to bother her.
She surveyed the boxes.  "Are you sure?"
"Yeah."  But the instant he answered, Luke realized his mistake.  If he didn't accept her help, the girl would leave.  If she left, she might think he was antisocial because it was clear he did need help, and then she would never talk to him again.
"Actually," Luke admitted, "I will have to lug all these boxes upstairs.  I was waiting for the furniture dolly, but I can use you."  That didn't come out right, but the girl didn't notice.  She squatted next to the "READING MATERIAL" box, ready to pick it up.
Luke helped her lift, but her strength surprised him.  She barely needed his assistance.  She grinned at him from across the box.  Luke smiled back at her lips.
Lara appeared at the front door.  "Luke, we dropped the dolly down the stairs and it busted, so you'll have to move all your stuff by yourself."  She noticed the girl.  "Or not."
"Hi again," the girl greeted.  "Thanks for telling us about the dolly, but we don't need it.  See?"  She tilted the box as a demonstration, and it almost tumbled out of her and Luke's grip.
"Yeah."  Lara went back into the house.
Luke looked at the girl.  She looked back at him and giggled.



Chapter 2


IT WAS PAST EIGHT before all of Luke's bags and boxes were in his new room.  Lara had called the bedroom between the sitting room and the hall bathroom, so Luke was stuck between Lena and Lucy's room (the biggest room) and the long, eerie room that led to the attic.  Luke made sure not to put anything against that long room wall.
Luke and the girl sat on his bedroom floor.  She opened boxes while he unloaded them, tossing the contents around his room to where he'd eventually organize them.  He hadn't had time to decide on a furniture layout yet since the girl had talked to him all day.  Luke was amazed her voice hadn't given out yet.
The girl overflowed with information about LeVir Lake.  She told Luke the history of the town wall, and how the original settlers had used the same glistening stone to build the mayor's mansion.  The stone was fireproof, so when the rest of LeVir Lake had succumbed to terrible fires in both 1892 and 1986, only the wall and mayor's mansion survived.
The girl also revealed that all of the wood used to make the red wood furniture in the house had come from the trees surrounding the town.  "Almost every piece of furniture in LeVir Lake was once part of that forest," she said.  Luke asked about the white wood in the parlor, but the girl simply said it was imported.
Luke enjoyed the girl's company, though one thing she kept mentioning throughout the day agitated him: God.  Her ceaseless talking definitively outed the girl as a hardcore Christian.  Luke decided not to fault her for it, though, since the way she kept referring to God as a flesh and blood person she could bump into on the street was almost involuntary, probably a byproduct of Bible-thumping parents, and could be cured with the right help.
"Listen to me prattling on while I open boxes willy-nilly," the girl chuckled.  "You're probably going to pack right back up not too long from now.  How long are you staying?"
The question caught Luke off guard.  Did she think he was on vacation?  He tried to imagine the kind of person who would deliberately sentence himself to a boring oasis in the middle of nowhere for a vacation.
"For as long as I have to live with my mother," he answered her.  "I'm afraid she's here for good."
It was the girl's turn to be surprised.  "Here for good?" she repeated.  Her spectacular blue eyes stared at Luke.  She appeared frozen.  Luke quickly grew uncomfortable under her intense gaze.  As the girl continued staring at him, his upper body slowly leaned away.
The girl snapped out of it.  "Well," she said, "it's good to have you."
 Luke wondered if she meant it.
The girl returned to the boxes.  "After the Great Fire of 1986," she picked up her lecture where she had left off, "the first buildings rebuilt were the town hall and the schoolhouse.  I guess you don't have to worry about the schoolhouse, though.  You've graduated, right?"
"I wish," Luke laughed.  "I'm only fifteen."
The girl's jaw dropped.  He had blown her away again, but this time he had expected the reaction.  "Fifteen?"
"I'm an early bloomer," Luke explained.  "It's genetic.  How old did you think I was?"  Most people guessed between nineteen and twenty-two.
"I don't know," the girl admitted, "but I definitely thought you were older than fifteen."  She kept spitting out his age.  Luke couldn't help but feel insulted.
"I'll be sixteen in a few weeks.  How old are you?"
"Seventeen," she answered, still shocked at Luke's youth.
Luke stopped minding her astonishment.  He had been alone in his room for several hours with a hot, older girl.  He wondered how far the evening would take them.
"I usually don't talk this much," the girl confessed.  "I'm usually quite introverted, but I'm trying to be more...not."
"Being introverted isn't always bad," Luke caught himself saying.  He hoped she didn't take his comment as a subtle hint to shut up.  Luckily, the girl wasn't prone to hearing the unintentional offensiveness in Luke's remarks.
"I've missed saying things I'll never again have the chance to say," she said.
"Like what?"
"Just...stuff.  To people who've"--she searched for the right word--"moved.  God made life short"--Luke resisted the urge to roll his eyes--"and I don't want any regrets.  That's why I came right up to you and introduced myself.  I don't want to miss a chance to make a new friend."  She blushed.
"You didn't."
The girl's eyelids popped open to their full extension.  She nearly squeaked, "What?"
Luke had done it again.  She probably thought he meant she hadn't made a new friend.  "You never introduced yourself," he clarified.
The girl thought over everything she had said throughout the day, which took a few moments considering how much she had talked.  She exhaled a laugh.  "You're right," she realized.  "Well, I'm Jan.  Janice Cristina Padres."  She rolled the R's.  Luke found it amusing.  Unlike most of the people he had seen in town, she didn't look Hispanic.
"I'm Luke."
"Just Luke?" she joked.  "Like Cher?"
"Wright."
Jan's grin dissolved.  "Oh, okay."  She looked down, embarrassed.
"No, Luke Wright.  W-R-I-G-H-T."
"Oh," Jan said as she realized the misunderstanding.  Her cheeks flushed.
"Don't worry.  It happens all the time."
Jan giggled her embarrassment away.  Her tinkling laugh evoked one from Luke as well.
Jan broke down the empty box in front of her.  "We don't get many people moving out here unannounced," she said.  "And you seem so thrilled about it," she observed sarcastically.
Luke drew in a breath.  He had been waiting to vent since the Wright SUV had crossed the Massachusetts state line.  "I've lived in Salem all my life.  My dad's family has been there since before America was a country.  All of a sudden I had to pack up right before my junior year of high school and move to a place I've never even heard of.  Did you know this place isn't on any maps?"
"Yes.  We kind of make sure of it," Jan said.  "But why did you have to pack up and move?"
Luke felt the self-pity well up again.  "My dad died last year."  The world stood still for a moment, until Jan touched his hand.  
"I'm so sorry," she said.  Her touch felt nice--the first sympathetic touch he'd received that felt truly sympathetic.
"He was the breadwinner, you know?" Luke continued.  "And my mom...well, she was filthy rich growing up and never had to take care of herself.  She gave it all up to marry my dad, but he still took care of her every need."
Jan nodded, reminding Luke of a therapist.  He didn't mind.  He sometimes wondered if he needed therapy.  "And when he died, she suddenly had to take care of herself and four children," Jan guessed correctly.
"Yep."  Luke shook his head, still unable to fully believe the path his life had taken.  "Long story short, she asked her parents for help, and they gave her a house."
Jan removed her hand from Luke's.  His fingers extended for a moment, reaching for her to come back, but Luke reined them in.  He hoped Jan hadn't noticed his involuntary desperation.
"That was nice of them," Jan said, talking about Luke's grandparents, not his fingers.  With a quick glance at the ceiling, she leaned back, flanking her hips with her palms, which pressed firmly into the soft carpet.
"I guess," Luke mumbled.
Luke recalled the first time he had met his maternal grandparents.  It was three months ago at their Hamptons beach house.  The instant Luke had crossed the threshold into luxury for luxury's sake, the sickening smell of fresh-cut flowers, Lysol cleaner, and arrogance turned his stomach.  He had already known the meeting with his grandparents would be rocky, but the nauseatingly sterile stench of the overbuilt sea shack did nothing to help him.  Lisa's parents had disowned her after she broke off her years-long engagement with some loaded jerk and eloped with Lawrence Wright, a lowly laborer.  But the moment he died, they begged her to take their assistance in exchange for Lisa letting them meet their grandchildren.  Her parents had filled college savings accounts for Luke and his sisters, plus they gave each sibling five hundred dollars cash to compensate for missed Christmases and birthdays.  Luke knew he was supposed to be grateful, but during the Hamptons visit, his grandparents had harangued Lawrence for his failure to provide for his family after his death.  Each disparaging word sparked indignation in Luke, and every single tissue in his body wanted to tell the rich snobs off, but warning glances from Lisa had kept Luke at bay.  His mother had looked physically ill from her parents' remarks, but she wouldn't dare dispute them for fear of losing their aid.
Personally, Luke didn't see why they had to accept his grandparents' assistance.  Surely the Wrights could find a way to make it on their own.  Lara seemed to agree with his sentiments when she told Lisa to stick the money and the house back in her parents' hands and never turn back, but her new personal entertainment system indicated Lara's true feelings were somewhat different.  Luke still had his entire five hundred dollars tucked away, not wanting to touch it, feeling it would taint his father's memory.
Luke slid his fingers along the carpet, letting the fibers bite his fingertips.  "My mom sold most of our possessions to pay this strange guy to drive our moving truck to LeVir Lake.  He's a real creeper, this guy.  His skin is white--like copy paper white--and he's so greasy that when light hits him, it reflects off his body in sheets."  Luke shivered at the memory of the bug of a man who Lisa had entrusted with their remaining possessions.  "But he was cheaper than professionals, and he told my mom she was too pretty to be a widow, so my mom's happy.  He got paid, so he's happy.  My grandparents have their long lost daughter back, so they're happy.  The people closing ESCROW on my childhood home are happy.  I'm not happy, but no one cares about me."
"I care," Jan assured.
Luke appreciated her words, but he wasn't finished with his rant.  "I had to leave all my friends, all my memories, everything I've ever known.  How would you feel if you suddenly had to move away from your home?"
Jan glanced at the ceiling again.  "I don't think I'd mind all that much.  I've always wanted to leave LeVir Lake."
"That's what I always thought about Salem.  But then I had to leave my entire life behind."
"Well," Jan said, "you're in LeVir Lake now, and you'll never leave.  No one has."  She spoke ominously.  Luke furrowed his eyebrows, wondering what she meant.  Before he could ask, Jan informed him, "My family has lived here since before the pioneer days.  LeVir Lake was established in the early seventeen hundreds before anyone but the Native Americans knew about the West.  When my ancestors arrived here, the LeVirs paid them to build the town.  And we never left."  Jan stabbed the scissors into the seal of the next box.  She muttered, "And we never will."
A deep absorption nested in Jan's face.  She twisted the scissors, making a large hole between the box flaps, but failing to open the box any more.
Though Luke's curiosity had piqued at her sudden personality shift, he watched Jan yank the scissors free of the sticky packing tape and decided a change of subject was in order.
"Are there a lot of kids our age in LeVir Lake?"
"No," Jan answered, still distracted.  "There's me, you and your sister now, my cousin Marc, and the mayor's daughter."  She added that last mention almost under her breath.  "There are a lot of little kids, though."
"What is the mayor's daughter like?"
Jan stiffened, her eyes shooting up to meet Luke's.  "Why?"
"Just wondering.  You don't like her or something?"
"No," Jan said firmly.  "I don't like her or any of the LeVirs.  You need to stay away from them."
"Why?"
"The LeVirs are ruthless, heartless, horrible creatures.  Especially the mayor's children.  Colette and Jean-Beau LeVir."  Jan stroked the broken tape on the box.  "They're terrible."
"I'm sure they're not that bad."
"Believe me," Jan declared, "if you survive here more than a week, you'll hate them, too."
"Survive?"
Jan realized what she had said.  "I meant live.  If you live here more than a week."  She hung her head.  "I said the wrong word."
Luke reached over and gently pushed her arm.  "It's okay.  I say the wrong thing all the time.  I live with all women.  Everything I say is wrong."
A demure smile lit Jan's face.  Luke was glad to see her lips bow up again.  She glanced out the window.
In a flash, her smile disappeared and panic ambushed her face.  "Oh no.  I've got to go."  Jan jumped to her feet and raced for the bedroom door.
"Wait."  Luke snatched a hold of her wrist before she could depart.  "Why are you leaving?"
Jan stared at her trapped wrist, seemingly amazed that Luke could catch her.  She shook herself out of her daze and answered, "It's dark.  It's too dark."
Luke looked out the window.  The sun was behind the town wall, but the sky was still very much light blue, streaked with trace amounts of pink and purple.  "I'll walk you," he offered.
"There's no time.  You stay here.  I'll see you tomorrow."  Jan tore out of Luke's grasp and dashed to the stairs.
"Wait, I just thought of something else," Luke called, following her into the hall.
Jan halted at the door to the stairs.  She flapped her arm, indicating for Luke to hurry up and speak.
"You said no one ever leaves LeVir Lake," he said, "but the man who drove our moving truck was returning to LeVir Lake."
Jan froze.
Luke added, "He said he was eager to return here because of some big event coming up, but he didn't say what.  Do you know what it is?"
Jan's hands shot out from her sides and seized Luke by his arms.  Luke flinched.  "Promise me," Jan ordered.
"Promise what?"
"Don't ever leave this house after dark.  Warn your sisters and your mother, too.  Never wander in places without sunlight.  And don't go into the attic until I tell you it's safe."
"Why?"
Jan shook him.  Her grip was excruciating.  "Promise me!"
"I promise, I promise."
With that, Jan was gone.
Luke darted to his bedroom window and stuck his head outside.  Jan sprinted across his lawn.  She glimpsed behind her as if something was chasing her, but Luke saw no one or thing outside but her.  A woman waited for Jan at the front door of the house to the right.  Once Jan was inside, the door slammed shut so hard it startled Luke from across the yards.
Luke leaned out his window and watched Jan's house.  He caught the woman from the front door and a man peeking out from behind a side window's curtains.  Luke assumed they were Jan's parents since the woman looked a lot like Jan, only older and with brown hair.  But when he peered closer, he saw the man had a much darker complexion than Jan did, and he was really, really old.  Age had lashed severe lines into his sienna skin.  His dark eyes peered from beneath saggy lids and brows, and even if his lips hadn't been pressed together in a contemplative scowl, they were thin to the point of nonexistence.  The longer Luke looked, the less resemblance he saw between Jan and the old man.  He figured the man was probably a family friend, or at most, a distant relative.  Perhaps one of the original Padreses who built the town.  Luke snickered at the notion.  The couple withdrew from sight.
Someone in Jan's house opened an upstairs window.  Jan leaned out and waved at Luke.  Luke waved back.  Jan rolled her eyes at his misinterpretation of her signing.  Without using words, she gestured for Luke to close his window, then she disappeared back into her house.  Luke lingered at his window to catch any further activity in Jan's house, but it was still.
Luke sat on his bed, but some lumpy thing under his butt prevented his comfort.  Luke leaned over and pulled the thing out from under him.  Jan's sun hat.  She had forgotten it in her rush to get home.  Luke molded the hat back to shape as he thought about the peculiar new friend he had made.
What did she mean about not going into places without sunlight?  Luke glanced at the shadow his bed cast on the floor.  His gaze glided across the cluttered floor and up the long room wall, pausing to take in the blank space.
Luke's stomach rumbled.  He placed his hand over his belly and felt his insides vibrate, reminding him that he hadn't eaten since his gas station breakfast.  Jan had kept his mind off of everything but her all day.  Luke ambled to the stairs.  Even though both the upstairs and downstairs doors were open, he flicked the light on to keep from traveling through shadows.
Noises drifted from the kitchen.  Luke investigated.  Lisa, Lara, Lena, and Lucy were making sandwiches.
"Luke," Lisa hailed, "we were wondering when you were going to grace us with your presence.  Did your friend leave?"
"Just now," Luke answered, drooling over the sandwich fixings.
"Go ahead and make a plate," Lisa said.  "It's our first dinner in our new house and I want to spend it as a family.  We're eating in the living room.  The dining room is a bit crowded."  Luke peeked into the dining room.  The table was stacked high with broken-down moving boxes.
The Wrights convened in the dim living room.  Lisa commented about having to buy some brighter light bulbs.  Luke looked out the window at the suddenly black sky, wondering where the natural light had gone.  Jan hadn't kidded about it being dark soon.
"So," Lisa asked her children, "what do you guys think of the new house?"
"I love it," Lena enthused, her mouth full of food.
"Don't talk with your mouth full."
"I like everything but the stairs," Lucy said.  Luke smirked.
Lara added her two cents, "I think it's creepy.  Not the house.  The town.  Did you see how everyone disappeared today after we showed up?  It was like suburbs to ghost town in five seconds flat.  And what's sustaining those trees out there?  I didn't see a lake anywhere, which leads me to believe there's a very large underground water source."
"Like the Phantom of the Opera," Lena offered.
Lara ignored her.  "I'm thinking the town itself is situated over an underground lake, and the trees around the town are actually twice as tall from where they stretch underground to drink from the water, while the town itself is supported by a slab of earth held up like an underground arch bridge."  Luke had to praise one thing about his older sister: she was pretty dang smart when she wasn't being a bitch.
Lisa nodded, swallowing.  "That's an impressive theory, sweetie.  Maybe you can do some research on that once we set up the Internet."
"When's the phone going to be set up, by the way?" Lara asked.  "I promised Stephanie and Ann I'd call them when I got here, and I have, like, zero bars on my cell."
Luke sighed.  Lara's genius moment was over.  Back to teen queen ditz.
Lara seemed to sense Luke's internal insult.  "Luke hasn't said anything about the house yet," she pointed out, setting her sights on him.  Luke waited for her shot.  "You toured it before any of us.  What do you think?"
"It's all right."  He bit into his sandwich, his nonchalance showing his big sister that she couldn't intimidate him.
"What about the new neighbor?" Lara pressed.  "Did you tour her, too?"
Luke nearly choked.
Lisa preferred not to go where Lara was heading.  "I personally think this house is great.  It is a bit strange that the upstairs isn't furnished at all, but then what do you expect from my parents?  Good thing we didn't get rid of our beds, right?"
"Can I have your old bed, Mommy?" Lucy begged.
"Your bed is fine.  My old bed's going in the attic after dinner."
Luke remembered what Jan had said about not going into the attic until it was safe and he nearly choked again.  "I can do it for you, Mom," he bid through sudden tears.
The Wright females stared at him.
He wiped his eyes.  "What?"
Lara narrowed her eyes.  "Why are you so helpful all of a sudden?"
Luke deliberated whether he should tell his mother what Jan had said or if he should create some elaborate story about holes in the floor or cancer-causing mold or something equally as dangerous.  Unfortunately, with Lara's malevolent eyes boring into him, he didn't have time to construct a tall tale, so he bargained with the truth.
"Jan said the attic wasn't safe," Luke stated.
"Um, how would she know?" Lara asked, literally looking down her nose at her brother.  "Unless she knows a way to sneak into our house and poke around.  Mom, maybe you should pick up some bars to put on the windows while you're getting light bulbs."
"Don't talk about Jan that way," Luke snapped.  He startled himself with his protectiveness of his new friend.  Unfortunately, his defense only fueled Lara's malice.
"Aw, does Luke have a new girly friend?  That'll last about two seconds once she finds out what a loser you are."
"Lara," Lisa scolded.
Lara had no intention of backing off.  "What?  He's pathetic.  He spends, what, three hours with the girl and she's got him pussy-whipped."
"Lara!"
Luke stormed out, leaving his dinner behind.  The last thing he heard from the living room was little Lucy asking, "Mommy, what's pussy-whipped?"
Luke slammed his bedroom door.  Lara had done it again.  Every time it seemed they were going to have a decent conversation, she had to turn it into a slam fest focused on him.  And he already knew Lisa wasn't going to ground her for it.  If it had been him calling his sister anything meaner than Poopface the Cootie Troll, Lisa would have grounded him in a heartbeat.  Luke was sick of the double standard.
He had to take his mind off his mother's unfairness and Lara's most recent affront or he would punch a hole in the newly painted wall--yet another thing Lisa would ground him for without pause.  Luke grabbed a rolled-up band poster to hang on the wall, but he couldn't find the tape.  This only enraged him further, and he whacked the poster repeatedly against his bed.  Once the red rage cleared his eyesight, he spotted the deep creases he had made in the poster.  Luke unrolled it to see which band's portrait he had mussed.
Great.  It was his favorite Silver & Gold poster, the one which showed the most skin.  Kitten now had a line cutting across her perfect breasts, giving her four imperfect boobs.  Luke huffed.
Ever since Lara had started middle school, she had targeted all of her adolescent anger at Luke.  It never used to rile him.  Only after Lawrence's death did Luke become susceptible to Lara's attacks.  Between her belligerence and his resentment of having to leave Salem, Luke felt like a ticking bomb, his second hand propelled toward detonation not by time but by his circumstances.  He didn't know how much more he could withstand before exploding.
Luke smoothed the creases in the Silver & Gold poster.  He wished he could get a hot girl like one of them to make his life worthwhile.  Too bad girls like them were way out of Luke's league, and he no longer had his popular friends to attract them for him.  It was just as well.  They'd all end up making him feel just as low as Lara did.  Luke re-rolled the poster.
The sun hat caught Luke's eye and he remembered his new friend.  Jan was a hot girl, if a bit unstable, and he'd spent hours with her without once feeling moronic.  Maybe, he thought, just maybe not all girls were vindictive skanks like his sister.
Luke looked at the box Jan had opened before she left.  He noticed the large "READING MATERIAL" on the side.  He realized how close Jan had come to finding out his perverted secret, and he exhaled a laugh.
Luke pulled the residual tape off of the box flaps and retrieved the top issue.  Looking at naked women was a tried and true method to pacify his anger.  He hadn't looked through that issue in a while, so he lay down on his bed and flipped the magazine open.  The pages uncurled themselves to reveal the centerfold.
Luke perused the woman's body.  She was exceptionally gorgeous and looked barely legal.  Strangely, though he had thumbed through that issue a few times in the past, he didn't recall ever seeing that particular centerfold before.  Maybe the pages had been stuck together.  Even if he didn't remember the picture, Luke recognized the girl, although he didn't know from where.  With her long black hair and radiant porcelain skin, her beauty wasn't the norm for those kinds of magazines, but Luke didn't mind.  His eyes drifted to her breasts.  They were perfect handfuls of white and pink flesh, and as a pleasant surprise, they were real--Luke could tell.
Luke shifted his gaze to the girl's face.  It was both young and wise.  Red lips curled into an adorable smirk.  The apples of her cheeks melted into refined cheekbones.  Her complexion was flawless, perfect for conveying her innate sensuality.  Long, dark eyelashes almost fluttered in the picture.  Her black eyes pierced the glossy page, staring straight at Luke.
No one could possibly be that beautiful, he thought.  He thanked God for the magic of airbrushing, if for nothing else.
Luke heard Lara snoring down the hall.  He tore his gaze from the magazine and checked the time.  It was almost midnight.  He couldn't believe he had been staring at the centerfold for so long.  Her beauty had stopped time.
Luke was too exhausted from moving boxes to get out of bed and perform his normal bedtime routine, so he skipped it.  He slipped the magazine under his pillow, slid his body under his blanket, and killed the light.  As soon as he closed his eyes, he was asleep.



Chapter 3


"LUKE.  WAKE UP."
Luke's groggy eyes opened themselves against his will.  Lisa stood at the end of his bed, her hands planted on her hips.
"Do you have any idea what time it is?" she prodded.
"No."  Luke yawned.
"It's almost noon.  Your sisters have been unpacking for hours.  Look at this mess.  I'm taking the truck to the city.  When I get back, these boxes had better not still be here.  And I thought you said you were going to move my old bed into the attic last night."
Luke's eyes took over again and closed themselves.  His mother jostled his feet, annoying him back into consciousness.
"Get up," she said.  "It's a brand new day in a brand new town.  It's your chance to start a new life."
"I liked my old life," Luke mumbled.
Lisa began to leave, but something stopped her.  "What's this?"
Luke rolled onto his stomach, burying his face in his pillow.  "What?"
"Reading material?"
Luke's eyes popped open.
"What books do you have, Luke?"
Luke jumped out of bed.  Lisa was looking into his nudie magazine box.  He was so stupid to have left it open in the middle of the floor like that.
Lisa reached inside.  That was the end of him.
"Mom, don't--"
Lisa pulled out a book.  "The Feminine Mystique?  Luke?"
Luke froze, staring at the box.  Did all of his precious magazines turn into feminism novels overnight?  Was it some cruel punishment from God for not believing anymore?  Well, as long as his mother didn't see any porn.  "Sure, Mom.  The Feminine Mystique.  Have you ever read it?  It's very...informative."
"No, Luke, I don't think I have read it."  Lisa placed the book back in the box.
"I'll have the boxes cleared out by tonight."  Luke rushed Lisa out the door and shut it.  He dived to the box and removed the book.  Under a sheet of packing paper, his magazines rested undisturbed.
Luke stared at the book.  How the hell had it gotten into his nudie magazine box?
Someone knocked on his door.  Lara invited herself in.
"Oh, my book!" she exclaimed.  "Wherever did you find it?"
Luke's jaw dropped.  Lara pinched the book from his hands.
"Don't you love The Feminine Mystique?  It's so very...informative."  She grinned and left, closing the door behind her.
Luke was in shock.  Lara, his vicious fiend of an older sister, had purposely saved him from a sure grounding.  Maybe she did have a soul after all.
Except for the forty minutes it took Luke to drag all of the components of Lisa's old bed up the stairs and into the sitting room (he'd put it in the attic later after Jan said it was safe), Luke spent the entire day in his room.  For lunch, Lena brought him a grilled cheese sandwich--if that's what you call two burnt pieces of bread smushed around a barely melted slice of cheese--which he only half ate.  By six, his room was free of boxes.  Saying it was clean would be a lie, but there were no cardboard boxes in it--except one marked "READING MATERIAL" buried deep inside his closet.
Luke had waited all day for Jan to come over.  He kept glancing out the window, searching for a sign of her, but she never showed.  Instead, Jan's mother and the elderly Hispanic man had faked yard work all day in order to observe the Wrights.
Luke was bored.  Lisa and the girls were grocery shopping in the nearest town, which was an hour away.  Luke had almost advised them to be back before dark, but he knew the warning would have primed Lara for an insult, something he didn't feel up to dealing with.
Luke stepped out of the cool house and into the late afternoon heat.  The hot air surrounding the treetops that poked up from behind the wall shimmered, but a refreshing breeze circulated through town, stroking an alluring caress across Luke's shoulders as it playfully passed him.  The sun, dancing behind the curtain of heat, was close to touching the tops of the trees behind the wall, but the shadow was not yet long enough to reach his front door.
Luke stretched his arms over his head, elongating his stomach, which wasn't quite as flat as it was a year ago but was still toned enough that Luke didn't mind his stretch lifting the hem of his shirt past the waistband of his pants.  As he enjoyed the stretch, he looked left.  He could see the LeVir Lake gate from the front door.  To his right, he saw a row of huge houses as the road curved out of sight.
"Hello, stranger," someone cooed.  Luke jumped, bringing his arms down so fast his back cracked.
A woman in her thirties pranced from around the side of his house.  The breed of woman that wears high heels with cutoffs, she perused Luke with experienced eyes.
"Hi," Luke greeted warily.  "What were you doing back there?"
"Snooping," she teased.  "I wanted to check out the new neighbors.  You look pretty good."
Luke reddened, equal parts flattered and uncomfortable.
"How old are you, sugar?" she asked.
"Fifteen."
The woman drew nearer and winked.  "That can be our little secret."
Luke could smell the cheap hair spray she'd used to coerce the two inches of hair nearest her scalp to stick straight out from her head, letting the rest fall straight down in thin wisps.  But it was her shirt, which was both low- and high-cut, that pulled most of his attention.  He could see far too much skin on her chest and stomach, all of which was overly tanned and possessed the beginning traces of middle-aged sag.
"Do you want to have some fun?" she solicited.
"What?" Luke squeaked.  He cleared his throat.
The woman glanced into his house.  "Are you alone?"
Everything grownups had ever beaten into Luke about talking to strangers vanished.  "Yes."
"Do you have your own room?" she inquired.
Luke's taut nerves made his heart pound.  He was too disturbed to think of a lie.  "Yes."
The woman continued to approach, the distance between them rapidly dwindling.  "What do you think we can do?" she purred.
Luke wanted to run away, but his body was petrified.  His frantic mind scrambled to find a way out of the situation.
Luke checked to see if Jan's folks were still in their yard.  They were, stooping over morning glories while keeping a close eye on him.  
"Actually," he said, "I was on my way to meet the neighbors."
"I'm your neighbor," the woman reminded.  "Why don't we go inside and get acquainted?"
"I'm still unpacking," Luke fibbed.  "My room's not ready for visitors."  He made brisk eye contact with Jan's watchful mother.
The woman finally got the point.  She pouted, glancing at Jan's family.  "Why do you care about what people you don't even know think?"
"I know the daughter," Luke established.
"Do you like her better than me?"
"I-I barely know her," he stammered, blushing.  "Or you."
"That doesn't bother me."
Luke looked at Jan's family, hoping they might provide him some means of escape.  They only gardened.
The woman sighed.  "All right.  Choose them, but you'll regret it.  I, on the other hand, you'll never regret."  She made another attempt to sidle up to Luke.
"That's okay."  It was the best rejection Luke could muster while his body was still frozen.
The woman sighed again.  "Oh, well.  If you change your mind, I live two houses down."  She pointed so her arm rested on Luke's shoulder.  "That way."
"Thank you," Luke squeaked, clearing his throat again while wondering why he had felt the need to thank her.
The woman took a step closer to Luke, placed her lips a mere inch off his face (even as he tried to shift his head away), and whispered in his ear.  "I'm Marlene, by the way."
Luke managed not to cringe at her cigarette-fueled breath.  "Luke," he reluctantly introduced.
"I hope to see more of you, Luke."  Luke wished he were naïve enough not to hear the double entendre in her phrase.
Marlene walked away, and Luke's body lifted its paralysis.  He watched as she crossed his lawn, making sure she didn't sneak back into his yard.  Her hips rolled from side to side in her little shorts.
Luke shuddered.  By far, that was the weirdest, most undesirable thing he had ever endured.  He had never had to deal with a cougar coming on to him before, but his first experience wasn't as awesome as he'd always thought it would be.  Mainly, it was awkward and kind of pathetic.
Luke noticed Jan's family still watching him, their eyes peering out at steady intervals from under their sun hats.  Luke figured he might as well introduce himself to them.  Plus, they might clue him in to where Jan had been all day.  His resolve to introduce himself strengthened.
Luke advanced toward the Padreses.  The moment they realized what he was doing, they abandoned their plants and went inside.
Luke stopped in his tracks.  Had they just run away from him?  Maybe he should just go back inside his house and never come out again.
The front door of Jan's house opened and Jan popped out.  Luke's posture straightened at the sight of her.  She wore safety goggles and carried two wooden boards and an electric drill.  She continued to sport her big metal choker.
She grinned at Luke.  "What are you doing over here?"
Luke returned her smile, thrilled to see those wonderful lips again.  "I was coming over to meet your folks."
"Sorry they ran from you," Jan said.  "They're not the best with new people, and they're tired from working in the sun all day."  Jan turned her attention to the town wall.  "There's only an hour and a half of sun left at the most.  It'll set over the wall by seven-forty, probably earlier.  If I were you, I wouldn't worry about coming out here anymore tonight.  Spend the night finishing unpacking."
Luke noticed Jan's mother peeking out the curtains at him.  "I already finished," he said.  Jan's mother withdrew.
Not bothering with any kind of segue, Jan said, "Let's go to your attic," and passed Luke, walking purposefully toward his house.
As she traveled upwind, a strange odor emitted from her person, finding its way into Luke's nostrils.  The aroma possessed a pungent, almost stinging gnaw that crept into his throat.  Luke recognized it from the sit-down restaurants his father would take his family to on birthdays, but he couldn't think of what it was.  Luke shrugged the scent off, figuring Jan had been cooking all day, a plausible excuse as to why she hadn't visited him earlier, even though Luke couldn't imagine what she could have been cooking so she had to stay in the kitchen the entire day.  It had better be delicious.
Jan marched straight into Luke's house and to the staircase.  Luke caught up with her as she ascended the stairs.
"What are you going to do with that drill?" he asked.
"You'll see."
Trotting up the stairs, Luke remembered something.  "Hey," he said, "after my mom finishes setting up the house tomorrow, she wants to have a picnic in the woods.  Do you want to--?"
"No!"  Jan spun around and blocked Luke at the top of the stairs.  "You must never go into the woods, night or day," she insisted.  "No sun can enter those trees.  It's not safe."
Jan pulled back, embarrassed.  She stared at the wooden boards.  Her hands squeezed so tightly her tendons stuck out like thin straws.  If she didn't let up soon, Luke was sure the boards would splinter into her skin.  He nearly reached out to take the boards from her, but his gut told him trying to grab them would cause more harm than good.  So Luke just stood there two steps below Jan until she composed herself.
"Sorry," Jan exhaled.  "I didn't mean to go off on you."  She loosened her grip and adjusted the boards.  "Again."  Jan proceeded out of the staircase and toward the long room.
"It's all right," Luke shrugged as he followed her down the hall.  He thought he was being very understanding.  He would love to have a friend like himself.  "I met another neighbor today," he mentioned.  "She was very welcoming."
"Marlene Dieter," Jan said.  "Not her real name.  She's a hooker.  At least she was in LA.  She came here to get away from that life.  It's for the best you don't get too close to her."
"Diseases?" Luke joked.
Jan allowed her lips to form a tiny smile.  "For a start.  But I'm being serious.  You never know how long her kind will stick around."
"I thought you said no one ever leaves LeVir Lake," Luke reminded.
Jan paused.  She wore a sullen expression.  Concern crept into Luke's mind.  When Jan finally spoke, her words were soft and she refused eye contact.
"The town gate isn't the only way to leave."
Luke took a step closer to his new friend.  "Jan, do you want to tell me something?"
Jan opened the long room door, simultaneously closing the subject.  "If your mom really wants a picnic tomorrow, she can have one in our garden.  Just please convince her not to go into the woods.  She'll understand that I know what I'm talking about."  Jan flicked on the single light bulb in the attic.
Luke's nostrils caught Jan's weird scent again as it mixed with the musty attic air, but before he could ask what it was, she clattered her wooden boards against the ladder and gave her drill a whir.  Luke heard the same rustling in the attic he had noted the previous day.  Whatever was up there, Jan had frightened it into hiding.  Luke was glad Lisa hadn't noticed her old bed was still in the second-floor sitting room and made him put it in the attic.  Something told him he wouldn't have scared whatever was up there nearly as effortlessly as Jan's drill did.
Luke held the drill and boards as Jan climbed the ladder.  She paused at the top to inspect the attic, then motioned for Luke to join her.  He hesitated, but she assured him it was okay.  
Luke climbed the ladder slower than he needed to, wrapping each finger around the rung and securing his foothold before pulling himself to the next rung.  As he neared the top of the ladder, his neck retracted into his shoulders, delaying his eyes from looking over the attic floor.  The rustling sound stuck in his mind.  The tension in his neck muscles was giving him a headache.  He noticed Jan eyeing his reluctance.  Luke inhaled through his nose, hurrying up the nerve to look at the attic.  His eyes passed the level of the attic floor.
A wide wooden floor rested over the second story of his house like a hat.  Nothing but support beams occupied the attic.  Luke felt foolish.  He didn't know what he had expected to find, but he had worked himself up to the point of panic for a dim wooden cave that provided no place for anything, sinister or not, to hide.
Jan crossed the creaky floor to the attic's northwestern corner, where a couple of rotted floorboards curled up from where they were supposed to be attached to the long room wall.  Using her bare hands, Jan tore the boards out of the floor and tossed them down into the long room.  Each landed with a resounding clatter.  Jan reclaimed her gear from Luke, placed the new boards over the hole, and drilled.  She secured at least twelve screws in each board before she was satisfied.  When she finished the task, she gave Luke a thumb up and headed back down the ladder.
Luke escorted Jan to her house.
"I guess I'll see you tomorrow for the picnic," Jan said as she flicked sawdust from the edge of her choker.  "Tell your mom to bring whatever she wants, but my mother will insist on grilling chicken."  Jan reached for her doorknob.
"Jan?"
Jan retrieved her hand from her door.  "Yes?"
"How did you know about those rotted boards?"
She shrugged.  "Every house has them."
"But you knew exactly where to look."
"You know, a corner in the attic.  It seemed a likely spot for creaky boards."
"Why did you replace them?"
Jan's cheeks flushed.  Her mouth opened and closed a couple of times before she vocalized an answer.  "I've taken a liking to you, Luke.  I know I shouldn't, but...I would hate for you to wander around in that attic and accidentally fall through."  She spoke musingly.
Luke was embarrassed for suspecting her of anything, even if he didn't know what for.  "Well," he said, "maybe you can come over tomorrow and look for some more creaky boards."
There he went again with the accidental suggestive remark, but thankfully, Jan missed it once more.  She grinned.  "Okay."  Jan opened her front door and stepped inside.
"One more thing," Luke said.
Jan slid back out.
"What is that smell?"
Jan giggled, knowing exactly what he meant.  She dug into her pocket and pulled out a flaky, white ball.  "Garlic.  It keeps the pests away."
She put it in Luke's hand and closed her door.



Chapter 4


LUKE WAS READY for bed.  Time for some naked ladies.
He pulled the magazine out from under his pillow.  Luke flipped through the pages, scanning pictures he had seen a hundred times before.  After great anticipation, he reached the centerfold.  He was eager to see the pale-skinned beauty again.  
He was disappointed.
Luke knew that centerfold well.  It was Amber, one of the most popular girls in his magazines.  With red hair and green eyes, she looked nothing like the girl he had seen in the centerfold last night.  That girl had been breathtaking and mysterious, a raw, natural beauty that other girls altered themselves to look like.  Amber--no offense to her--had to have a lot of work done before her centerfold had reached his neighbor's mailbox.
Luke didn't understand.  He hadn't taken any other magazines out of his special box because he had planned to look at the one stashed under his pillow.  He inspected every page in the issue, thinking maybe that particular issue somehow had two centerfolds, but he could not find the girl.  The only plausible explanation was that he had to have inadvertently switched the magazines while he'd unpacked.
He extracted the "READING MATERIAL" box from his closet and pulled each issue out one by one, investigating all of the centerfolds.  Glossy pages flapped through his fingers, some ripping down the center, destroying whatever naughty scenario existed on it.  Luke hardly noticed.  There was only one picture he cared about.
Luke was halfway through his search when a loud knock stopped him cold.  He stared at his bedroom door, terrified that his mother was about to burst in and catch him.
Nothing happened.
Luke listened.  The house was silent.  No one was playing music or snoring or even running a fan.  He listened for footsteps heading away from his door, but there were no noises whatsoever.  His spine straightened as unease spread through his body.  If the sound hadn't been someone knocking on his door, then what was it?
Luke stood.  Without the door to blame for the source of the knock, the unexpectedness of the sound had caused it to echo from everywhere.  He slowly rotated, eyeing every inch of his bedroom as he tried to figure out the noise's origin.  Maybe something had fallen off his dresser, but everything seemed in place.  Maybe Lena or Lucy had thrown something at the wall his room shared with theirs as they played, but they weren't making any noises now.  The only time that happened was when they were both zonked out.  Had something hit his window?  No, the sound hadn't been a knock on glass.  It had come from one of the walls.
Luke's eyes turned to the empty wall he shared with the long room.  He froze for a moment, almost wishing his mother would burst in and reveal herself as the mysterious knocker.  He waited, allowing nearly a full minute for her to come in, but she didn't.  The long room wall seemed to expand as he stared at it, taking over his entire room.  Luke eased his muscles into slow motion, gliding across the room to inspect the empty wall.
With intense trepidation, he approached the space.  His nervousness rose with each step, squeezing between his shoulder blades.  He realized the boards Jan had replaced in the attic were directly above the northwest corner of his bedroom, adjacent to the long room wall.  Luke tiptoed until he was directly in front of the empty wall.  Cautiously, he leaned his ear against the cool eggshell paint.
The sudden banging knocked Luke to the center of his room.  It didn't stop at just one knock, but boomed over and over, thunderous and relentless.  Luke covered his ears, but the pounding penetrated.  It banged from the northwest corner, then the northeast corner.  It shot around the room.  Luke's dresser shook from the blows behind the walls, threatening to topple.  Plaster chips rained from the ceiling.  His reading lamp tumbled from the nightstand, smashing on the floor.  Luke wheeled around, trying to locate the source of the banging.  It seemed as if a hundred people were stuck in his walls, battling each other to get out.
The sound ceased as suddenly as it had started.  Luke was hunched in the middle of his room, his fists jammed against his ears with the banging still pounding in his brain.  It took him a few moments to realize the noise had stopped.  His muscles shuddered against each other as he lowered his hands and listened.
Nothing.  He listened closer.  Nothing.  The foreboding silence was almost as unbearable as the noises had been.
A rumbling sounded behind his bedroom door.  Please, no more, his mind begged.  Luke stared at it with saucer eyes, but the new sound wasn't anywhere near as loud as the banging had been.  Someone was stomping down the hallway.  Luke's door flew open.
Lara simmered in the doorway.  "Luke!  It's too late to be hammering things."
Luke's jaw dropped and his eyes bulged at his sister.  How could she think he had made such an awful noise?  More rumbling sounded as Lisa appeared next to Lara.  Luke heard Lucy crying in the next room.
"Luke," Lisa demanded, "was that you?"
"No," he said, "I swear.  I was just sitting here when that banging happened."
Lisa addressed Lara.  "What did you hear?"
"I was sleeping and a noise like someone hammering things woke me up."
"I don't even have a hammer in here," Luke defended.  Actually, he did have a small tool kit in his dresser, but that was beside the point.
Lisa shook her head.  Luke could tell she didn't believe him.  All she was interested in was punishing him for waking up the entire household, even if he didn't commit the crime.
"I swear I didn't do it, Mom," he insisted.  "I was just sitting here going through that box."
It was then he remembered what he had been doing before the noise interrupted him.  Pornography lay scattered across his floor, a hundred sets of swollen breasts and bee-stung lips pouting at his stupidity.
Lisa gasped.  Luke, unable to do anything else, braced himself for punishment.
"LUKE ARTHUR WRIGHT!" his mother shrieked, sounding like a banshee to Luke's abused ears.  "I cannot believe you brought that smut into my house.  What if one of your little sisters had gotten into that box?  Look at what they would have seen!"
Lara stood quietly beside Lisa's screaming figure.  She actually looked sorry for her brother.  They both knew he was about to face a severe grounding.
In the other room, Lucy cried louder.
Lisa glowered at Luke, her voice lowering to growling depth.  "I am going to take care of your little sisters right now, but when I get back, you and I are going to have words.  Until then, pick up this filth."  And she marched down the hall to Lena and Lucy's room.
Lara bent down to help Luke pack the magazines back into the "READING MATERIAL" box.  They avoided eye contact.  With neither a defamatory nor a consoling word, Lara replaced the last magazine and left.  Luke sat on his bed and waited for his mother's return.
Lena knocked lightly on his door.  Her face was white as a ghost--not from fear but from the layer of dusty ceiling plaster that coated it.  Luke remembered the head of her bed was next to the wall her room shared with his.
"Luke?" she asked.  "Are you in trouble?"
"Most definitely," he murmured.
"Was it you?"
"No."
Lena nodded and left.  Luke heard her in the hall bathroom washing off the plaster.
Lisa reappeared in the doorway carrying little Lucy on her hip.  Lucy was whimpering into Lisa's neck.
Lisa whisper-yelled at Luke, "I have to take care of Lucy right now, so I'll discipline you tomorrow.  But the next time I see you, that filth had better be out in the garbage.  I'm very disappointed in you, young man."
Lisa closed Luke's door, isolating him from the rest of the house.

THE ENTIRE REST OF THE NIGHT, Luke couldn't sleep.  It wasn't because he was afraid of the punishment Lisa had in store for him--he'd spent half of the last year grounded, so he was used to it.  No, his sleeplessness was because he was too fearful the banging would return.  He listened for it all night, his body tense and ready to book it out of the house should a noise louder than the intermittent wind caressing his window ring out.  His muscles jumped at every sound, real or imaginary, especially if it came from above.
Luke's room gradually lightened as the sun rose on the opposite side of town, but even then he couldn't force his petrified muscles to stir.  It wasn't until the sky had completely lit and reached its desert shade of white-blue that Luke was able to move his body and look at his clock.  It was almost eight in the morning.  
Luke felt like a sissy for staying up scared all night.
He convinced his tired body to get up, meticulously stirring each limb with a groaning stretch.  He could hear the sinews of his muscles pull until they reached their full extension.  His back popped in four different places.
Luke rubbed his achy face and looked at his magazine box.  After his collection had served so many years of faithful service, it was time to say goodbye.  He might as well get it over with.
Luke pulled the heavy box out of his room and down the stairs as soundlessly as possible.  He dragged the box out of the house, taking a break just outside the front door to rebuild his strength.  He looked at Jan's house, where morning glories awoke, stretching their lustrous petals to bask in the sunlight's first touch.
An early morning walker appeared around the northern curve of Prudence Boulevard.  As he got closer, Luke realized he seemed a little too young to be walking down the street by himself--barely older than Lucy.  The walker passed Luke's house and headed toward the open LeVir Lake gate.
The walker was not alone.  More kids appeared on Prudence Boulevard, all traveling toward the town gate.  Luke watched them, partly because he was curious about why a bunch of children were walking en masse toward the exit of town, but mostly because he wanted to put off for as long as possible saying goodbye to the hundreds of women who'd gotten him through puberty.
Luke heard Jan's front door open and close.  Jan left her house and joined the walkers.  Luke called a good morning greeting to her, but she didn't react.  Her movements were automatic, as if she were in a trance.
Luke took a few steps away from his house to attain a better view of the town gate.  Several young people, ranging from around five years old to early adolescence, walked somberly from both sides of Prudence Boulevard and exited LeVir Lake.  Among them, Jan paused just before reaching the gate.  As she waited for everyone else to pass through, she looked back toward Luke.  Luke waved with his whole arm so she could see it.  Without responding, Jan left town.
Luke scanned the street.  No one else approached.
"That was weird," Luke observed to himself.  Though he was very curious about what had just happened, Luke knew Lisa would be up any minute, so he delayed pondering the children's motives until he said goodbye to his beauties.
Luke returned to his front door and dragged the box to the far edge of the driveway where the metal trashcan stood.  He popped open the flaps of the box and looked inside, heartsick.  The top issue was the one he had stashed under his pillow.  He opened it, making a last-ditch effort to find the beautiful centerfold that had entranced him.  But just like last night, she was nowhere to be found.  Luke sighed, giving up.  He dumped his magazines into the trashcan.  The flapping thuds of the countless issues landing against the metal sides of the garbage pail seemed to beg him "Why?"  He gazed at his discarded collection, bidding farewell as he covered the collage of airbrushed flesh and false eyelashes with the trashcan lid.
Luke shuffled inside to the kitchen and swigged some orange juice from the carton.  As he did, he realized he could see the living room windows from the refrigerator.  He stared at the street, remembering the strange exodus he had witnessed a few minutes earlier.  He wanted to talk to Jan, to ask her why all those kids had left town.  And why hadn't they closed the gate behind them?  Luke's logical side told him it was probably some kind of summer camp, but if that was the case, why had Jan never mentioned it?  She had talked about everything else.
Luke forced Jan out of his head.  He already had his mother to worry about, and one woman was all he could deal with at the moment.
While Luke waited for his mom to wake up and deliver his sentence, he played video games.  On mute.  The longer Lisa slept, the more lenient she would be in her ruling.  That plan had worked for Luke a couple of times when Lisa had caught him sneaking in after curfew.
Lisa entered the living room just after nine 'o clock.  She sat next to Luke.  He turned off his game and the TV as well and prepared for grounding.
Lisa surprised him.
"Luke, I'm sorry," she said.  "I hate to admit it, but you are a growing young man.  You have questions about the female body, and I know I'm not very open about things like that."  Lisa rubbed her eyes with her thumb and forefinger, exaggerating the depths of the crow's feet she wouldn't admit she had.  "I'm sorry your father isn't here.  I feel like you don't have anyone to go to with your questions."  She took a deep breath.  Her gaze focused on the blank TV screen.  Luke realized he was praying for her to let him off the hook.  He cut it out immediately.  "I've decided it would be unfair of me to take away your whole summer just because you're curious."  She looked at her son.  "I was a teenager once.  I did stupid stuff.  Everyone does."
Luke patted Lisa's shoulder.  "You're doing the right thing."
Lisa raised her eyebrows.  "Really?  Well, young man, there is still the matter of that racket last night."
"Mom," Luke groaned, "I swear I didn't make that noise."
"Luke, I'm not trying to accuse you.  This is an old house and it may creak and moan, but I've never heard of a house that bangs repeatedly on the walls.  Everyone agrees the hammering was coming from your room.  You even said that.  Who else could have made that noise?"
"I don't know."  Luke remembered Jan's woodwork.  "Mom, yesterday Jan replaced two rotten boards in the attic.  Maybe she did it to keep something from coming out of the floor.  Maybe there are vermin in the walls."
"Vermin?"  Luke knew he was pushing it.  "Luke, what size vermin could make plaster fall from the ceiling?  And how could Jan know about them?"
"Maybe her family had a vermin problem--"
"Luke," Lisa cut him short, "are you trying to upset me?  Let me give you some advice: stop before you dig yourself into a deeper hole.  I'm grounding you to the house for a week."
"But, Mom--"
"Do you want me to make it longer?"
Luke surrendered.  Lisa, firm in her authority, left the room.
Luke looked at Prudence Boulevard, recalling the exodus.  He wondered when Jan would come back.
Lisa called from the kitchen, "No visitors."



Chapter 5


LUKE MOPED IN HIS ROOM.  He hated being grounded, but when his mother dished out a punishment, she made sure it was carried out.  For the next week, whenever Luke was out of her sight, she would stick her head in his room every half hour to make sure he hadn't snuck out of the house.
Luke wished his father were still around.  His father would have believed him.  Lawrence Wright always said the Wright men needed to stick together, especially since they were the last ones left.  But now Luke was the last one.  Ever since Lawrence's death, Luke didn't have anyone on his side, and Lisa grounded him a great deal more that she used to.  He was sure she blamed him for keeping her from Lawrence's side during his last hours.  Luke blamed himself.  Nevertheless, the particular incident for which she had grounded Luke that time was not his fault, so he moped.
It was past noon.  Luke hadn't seen the kids return from outside town, but Jan was home.  The Padreses and the Wrights were in Jan's garden enjoying Mrs. Padres's chicken, as well as the egg salad sandwiches Luke had to help assemble.  Due to his grounding, Lisa forbade Luke from going to the picnic, but Lena and Lucy secretly promised to bring some food back for him.
Luke swept fallen plaster out of his carpet fibers, blasting puffs of white dust toward his bathroom.  He kept glancing at the long room wall, partly expecting it to burst open at any moment.  With each passing minute, his anticipation grew, tightening the muscles in his neck, then back, then shoulders, but no noise came.  He never realized how quiet a place could be.  Luke turned on his stereo to drown out the silent house.
He'd built a sizable pile of plaster in the doorway of his bathroom when a knock sounded from the area of his window.  Luke jumped so high he nearly hit the ceiling.  He spun around.  Jan was standing outside the bedroom window.  His second-floor bedroom window.
Luke hastily fumbled to unhook the latch and let her inside.  "How did you get up here?" he asked as he helped Jan climb into his room.
"Didn't you see the drainpipe and ledge?"  Jan handed him a picnic basket.  Inside was a neatly packed lunch for two.  "Is that Silver & Gold?" Jan asked.
Luke had been listening to the girly pop group to distract him from the eerie house.  "It's my sister's," he lied, killing the music.  "What are you doing here?"
"I excused myself from the picnic.  I told everyone I was going next door.  I never said to which next door.  They think I'm at my uncle's."  Jan put a blanket on the floor and sat on it.  "I felt bad you had to miss the picnic, so I brought it to you."
Luke sat across from Jan as she unloaded the basket.  He appreciated that she had risked her neck simply to bring him grilled chicken, but he was also suspicious.  He waited for her ulterior motive.  Jan never came over just to hang out.  He braced himself for her inevitable rant about more town rules or other places in his house where he wasn't allowed to go.
Jan pulled a knife from the basket.  She pointed it at Luke.  Luke rocked back.  His arms jumped to cover his vulnerable areas.  She had known he would be alone in the house, and he already knew she was stronger than him.  But what had he done to deserve a stabbing?
Jan set the knife next to Luke's plate and produced another one for herself.
Luke was an idiot.  Of course she had brought knives to cut the chicken.  He didn't know if she'd noticed his self-protective positioning, but if she had, she didn't say anything about it before she bowed her head to say grace.  He bowed his head out of respect for Jan, but he refused to pray.
As he looked down, Luke noticed Jan's lips moving.  He retained the same captivation for those lips that he had the first time he saw her, despite her peculiar behavior.
Jan finished her prayer and smiled at Luke.  "Rub-a-dub-dub, let's eat this grub," she joked.  Jan pulled her knife through her chicken, extracting a juicy sliver of white meat.  She popped it in her mouth and exhibited an expression of pure bliss.  "Nobody makes grilled chicken like my mother," she nearly sang.
Luke was just sitting there, watching Jan's lips pulse as she chewed.
"What are you waiting for?" she urged.  "Eat."
Luke tore his eyes from her mouth and considered the smorgasbord in front of him.  Chicken, garden salad, grilled vegetables, corn on the cob, new potatoes, strawberry shortcake with fresh strawberries, and, of course, sub-par egg salad sandwiches.  He wondered how Jan had fit all that food into her little basket.  Luke followed Jan's lead and bit into his chicken.  Jan was telling the truth.  Her mother's chicken was the best he had ever tasted, though it wasn't much of a contest considering the caliber of chef Lisa was.
Jan waited for Luke's reaction.  He mmmm-ed and nodded.  Jan was satisfied.
Not too long later, the food was gone.  Luke checked outside to see what his mom and sisters were doing.  His little sisters were playing tag with some of the kids he'd seen leave town that morning.  Without looking, Jan informed Luke they were her cousins from across the street.  A couple of the cousins had the same flowing blonde hair as Jan, as well as her fair complexion.  The rest of the kids took after the Hispanic side of the Padres family.  Many wore sun hats, but none of them sported a metal choker like the one Jan always wore.
Luke returned to his seat.  Jan smiled at him as she had a thousand times that afternoon.  Each time, her lips recaptured Luke's eyes, and any suspicion he had about her ebbed.
"I've been thinking about your situation," Jan said.
"What situation?" Luke asked.
"You not wanting to live here."
"Oh?"  Luke waited, smiling, for Jan to list reasons why LeVir Lake was a wonderful place to live.
"I think I can help you escape."
Luke's smile fell.  "What?"
"My uncle goes to town twice a month to get groceries for us.  I can get him to let you ride with him, and from there, you can catch a bus or plane or whatever back to Salem.  Surely you have someone there who'll take you in."
Luke was dumbstruck.  He didn't realize Jan had vested so much interest in him leaving.  "I'm sure I do," he muttered.
"Is it a plan?" Jan asked, her eyes twinkling.
Luke stared at her.  He should have been jumping out of his skin to go back to Salem, but for some reason, he wasn't.  He didn't know whether it had to do with Jan and her amazing lips, or figuring out the mystery of the banging, or something completely different, but he felt a pull to stay in LeVir Lake.
"Well," he said, "I have to finish my incarceration first, or my mom will hunt me down and kill me.  And I was kind of thinking maybe you and I could hang out a little longer before I make my big break."
It was Jan's turn to be surprised.  "I thought you wanted to go back to Salem."
"Are you that eager to get rid of me?" Luke asked, pretending he was joking, though he really was curious.
"No," Jan said, answering so quickly she tripped over the little word.  "I just..."  Her mouth remained open, but nothing more came out.  She struggled to sort her thoughts.
Luke shrugged.  "I guess you'll have to deal with me a little longer."  He smiled at her, especially at her gaping mouth.
Jan blushed.  She closed her mouth.  "That won't be so bad," she finally responded.
Luke's smile broadened to a beaming grin.  Jan reciprocated, still blushing.
"So," she asked, "what are you in for anyway?"
The grin dissolved.  "My mother believing my sister over me."
"How's that?"
Luke glanced at the long room wall.  "There was this banging coming from my walls last night that woke up the whole house.  Lara told my mom it was me hammering stuff, and my mom believed her."
"Was it you?" Jan asked, her eyes hopeful.
Luke was offended.  "No."
Jan slumped.  "I didn't think so."
Luke peered at Jan.  She didn't seem surprised that unexplained noises were coming from behind his walls.  He was about to question her about it, but she spoke first.
"Why didn't you fight for your freedom?  You knew you weren't guilty."
Luke thought of his lost magazines.  "Things got complicated.  Do you know what made those noises?" he asked before she could change the subject.
"What noises?" Jan asked.  Luke crossed his arms, not buying her flightiness.  Jan yielded with a long exhale.  "Where'd they come from?"
Luke pointed northwest.  "That corner."
Jan looked.  "Oh.  It would be that corner."
"I knew it!" Luke exclaimed.  "You know something.  There's a reason you boarded up the floor in the attic.  You weren't just being neighborly."
"Yes, I was," Jan asserted.  "I was being a very good neighbor."
"You can be honest with me," Luke said.  "Why did you come over here yesterday and fix the attic floor above that corner?"  He pointed to the northwest corner again.
Jan's gaze followed his finger.  She looked back at Luke, fixing her eyes to his.  
"Rats."
Luke dropped his pointing hand.  "Rats," Luke repeated in disbelief.  Even though he had given Lisa the very same excuse earlier that morning, hearing someone else say it made Luke realize how stupid it sounded.
Jan clarified, "These are special rats."
"Special rats?"
"Very special.  You do not want them getting into your house."
"Why are these rats so special?"
Jan kept glancing at the long room wall.  She looked trapped, as if the wall could hear her talking and was going to punish her for it.
"They are...very dangerous," she answered.
"How?" Luke pushed.
"They," Jan hesitated, "just are.  Please, let's talk about something else."
"Did they ever get into your house?"
Jan faltered.  She refused eye contact with Luke, obviously not wanting to answer any more questions, but Luke's adamancy tortured a response out of her.  "Not mine," she revealed, "but Joaquin's.  They killed many members of my family."
Luke ceased.  He had not realized his inquest was so personal to her.
"Including my father," she said.
Luke mentally punched himself.  He would have slugged any guy for forcing him to talk about his father when he didn't want to.  "Jan."  Luke reached his arm toward her in a sympathetic gesture, but she rocked away.  His hand fell to his knee.  "I'm sorry.  I didn't know.  I'll shut up now."
Jan didn't argue.  She brooded silently on her side of the floor.
Luke needed to get away from Jan and the pain he had inflicted in her.  He crossed to the window.  The children were nowhere in sight.  Luke dreaded that his mom was back in the house and on her way to check on him, but he couldn't ask Jan to leave.  He was the reason she felt bad.  He felt bad.  But maybe she could hide in the closet.
Jan spoke unexpectedly and at high speed.  "You need to come to the annual festival.  All of your questions will be answered."  She packed up all evidence of their carpet picnic.  "Don't tell your family.  It's too soon for them to go.  The festival is Thursday, so you'll have to convince your mother to shorten your grounding.  I'll be here that night to take you to the park."  Jan climbed expertly out Luke's window.  She nimbly descended the drainpipe.  Luke wished she didn't have to leave, but he didn't blame her for exiting so hastily.  Jan dropped to the ground and made a beeline for her house.  She did not look back.  Luke felt even worse.
Someone knocked on Luke's door.  He reeled around, almost losing his balance and falling out the window.  He hit his hand on the windowpane as he tried to look natural.  Lisa opened the door.  She held a plate of food.
"Hey, Luke.  What's up?"
"Nothing," Luke answered in a cool tone, perching nonchalantly on his bed.
"You missed a great picnic.  The Padreses are all right, if a little reserved."
Lisa opened Luke's closet.  It was a good thing Jan hadn't stuck around for Lisa to discover her in there, even though Luke's mother was not looking for actual girls hiding in his room.  She was looking for lingering magazines.
"Karol, Jan's mom, told me something about Jan," Lisa reported as she crossed to Luke's dresser.  "I know you like her, honey, but Karol told me she's pretty unhinged.  A few years ago, a terrible storm killed Jan's father and several other of their family members, and ever since, Jan has forced everyone to follow this strict set of rules to keep them safe, or else she blows up."
Luke glanced out the window.  Though Jan was definitely one of the more interesting people he'd ever met, he was relieved to have some insight into her perplexing behavior.  He was also glad giant rats weren't after him.
"Karol told me it's best to go along with Jan's neuroses, but maybe you shouldn't spend too much time with her, honey."
Luke puffed out his chest defiantly.  "Then who am I supposed to hang out with, Mom?" he asked as Lisa lifted the edge of Luke's mattress with him still on it.
"What about Lara?" she said, oblivious to the absurdity of her suggestion.  "She's new to this town, too, you know.  You two could take your sisters and explore.  Maybe you'll find some new friends along the way."
Luke snorted.  He had plenty of friends.  They were just on the other side of the continent.
Lisa, satisfied that no more dirty magazines sullied her house, indicated the plate she still held.  "I brought you some food.  Karol's grilled chicken is too good to miss."
"I'm not hungry."
Lisa set the plate on Luke's nightstand and looked down at him.  "Luke, I'm sorry if you feel I've been unfair to you.  I know it was your and Jan's idea to have the picnic at the Padres', and it was a good idea, but I cannot have you making all sorts of noises at all hours of the night.  I thought you knew better than that."
"I do know better than that, Mom," Luke defended yet again.  He decided to try Jan's excuse.  He was smart enough to connect that Jan had created the rats to repress the memory of the devastating storm, but Lisa had no way of knowing that.  "Jan said she replaced the boards in the attic to keep out rats.  Vermin made the noises last night, just like I said."
"Luke, I do not believe you are still on this story.  What kind of rat could possibly be big enough to bang on the walls like that?"
"Jan said they're special rats.  Go ask her."
"Wait a minute," Lisa stopped.  "When did you talk to Jan?"
Luke shut up.
"Are you making all this up and putting Jan's name on it?"
"No, Mom, honestly.  She told me there are these special rats that are very dangerous and they get into people's houses and that's why she patched up the floor in the attic above that corner."  He pointed to the northwest corner.
Lisa didn't look.  "Special rats that bang on walls?"  Her facial expression was dull, but the heat from her eyes cut through Luke like a laser.  She wasn't buying it.
"Mom, honestly--"
"You know," Lisa cut him off, "I was actually contemplating shortening your grounding, but you have convinced me otherwise."  She picked up the plate.  "If you don't want this, fine with me.  You can just not eat."  Lisa stepped into the hall, but she thought of something further and came back.  "Karol told me that ever since that storm killed Jan's family, Jan has insisted there are killer rats plaguing LeVir Lake."  Luke froze.  Lisa had caught him.  "I never would have thought you were the kind of person who would exploit a friend's handicap to your own advantage."  Lisa shook her head and left.  As she walked down the hall, she yelled back, "Put that bed in the attic by tonight."
Luke got up and closed his door.  The chronic self-loathing he had felt since his father's death had faded somewhat since moving to LeVir Lake, but that afternoon, it returned with a vengeance.  He had managed to both aggrieve his only friend in town and further vex his mother in less than ten minutes.  He'd be impressed if he didn't hate himself so much.  He was like a contagious disease, no better than the common cold.  His only talent was ruining peoples' lives.
Still, he couldn't help but feel relief at how many questions Lisa had answered about Jan.  What's more, the answers made sense.
But if there were no rats, what had caused the banging?
Luke sat on his bed and stared at the long room wall.  It stared back.
A bright flash of light erupted, blinding him.  His head whirled in every direction it could turn, searching for the source of the light, panicked that it had come from the same place as the banging, but Luke realized the light had not come from his room.  It had indeed shone bright, but only in his mind, waking him from the same terrible nightmare he had experienced countless times before.  Luke had not physically been at the scene of his father's death, but he knew instinctively what everything had looked like, smelled like, felt like, sounded like as his father began the final minutes of his too-short life.
Luke clasped his hand over his forehead, pushing his head into his pillow.  His brain was swimming from the sudden jolt out of deep sleep.  He had no idea when he'd fallen asleep, but the sun was gone, leaving everything past his open window pitch black.
Luke's stomach growled.  Looking at his clock, he knew dinner was long over, and he was convinced no one had even tried to wake him for it.
Lara entered Luke's bedroom without knocking.  "Wow, you're awake."
"What do you want?" Luke snapped.
Undaunted, Lara leaned against his dresser.  "I've been doing some research.  Since we still don't have Internet," she mentioned with obnoxious disdain, "I cracked open that encyclopedia set Mom got you that you never use.  I went to the woods outside town today--"
Luke was suddenly interested.  "You went to the woods?  What did you find?  Anything dangerous?"
"Don't interrupt me, assface.  I'm being intellectual."  Lara rolled her shoulders and composed herself.  "As I was saying, those trees should not be here.  Even if there is an underground water source, that kind of tree shouldn't be able to endure desert conditions.  Joshua trees, smoke trees, elephant trees; those are desert trees.  The trees outside the wall look related to redwoods, which thrive in rainy environments..."
Luke had stopped listening to Lara the moment she mentioned a water source.  He suddenly remembered the dream he'd had as he slept the day away, right before the recurring vision of his father's last moments had weaseled its way back into his mind.  All Luke could clearly recall about the dream was drifting in mid-air over the middle of a huge lake.  His skin had felt ice-cold, but it wasn't the frosty temperature that kept his muscles from moving as he hung a mere foot above the placid, glassy water.  It was something else.  Something more powerful.  Something that dug into his brain with electric fingers and paralyzed his entire body…
"Earth to loser," Lara summoned.
Luke broke out of his thoughts.  "What?"
"You didn't hear a word I just said, did you?"
"You went to the woods," Luke recapped.
Lara groaned.  "I don't know why I bother."  She left, leaving Luke's door wide open.
As Luke got out of bed to close the door, he contemplated the mysterious woods full of water-mongering trees that shouldn't be able to exist in the middle of a desert.  Lara had gone into the forbidden woods, and she was okay.  Lisa's claim that Jan was a genuine nut job seemed ever more accurate.
All the same, Luke thought as he went to his window and tried to make out the trees in the consuming darkness, he would rather have a crazy friend than no friend at all.



Chapter 6


IT WAS WEDNESDAY EVENING.  The sun had disappeared behind the wall, taking the white-blue of the daytime sky with it and leaving a quickly deepening coat of purple, speckled with the first appearances of that evening's stars.  The entire town shut down at dusk, so there was no one on the streets.  There were no streetlights in LeVir Lake, and the small oasis would be very dark very soon.
It had been a tough few days for Luke.  Despite the fact that the nights since the banging had been silent, Luke couldn't shake his paranoia that the noise would return.  He barely slept, and the little sleep he did manage wasn't restful; rather, it was full of bright flashing lights, resulting in a permanent foul mood.
His grounding was the definition of dull.  At first, he passed the time by playing video games, especially ones in which he portrayed a great warrior.  They were his favorites.  But having beat all of his games before, he knew all their secrets and grew bored with them after a day.  He tried to veg out in front of the TV, but only a couple of news channels were available to watch, and there were no interesting stories on any of them.  Just the same old traffic reports and human interest bits every station did.  He also couldn't surf the Internet or call his friends back in Salem because neither connection had been connected yet, and his cell phone had no reception in the middle of the stupid desert.  It wasn't even worth keeping it charged.
An unlikely salvation from his boredom came one night when Lena and Lucy convinced him to join them in a Silver & Gold dance party.  It was actually pretty fun.  Lena's bed and surrounding area were the stage, and their toys--everything from stuffed bears to board games--were the audience.  Luke channeled Kitten and slipped the bottom of his T-shirt through the collar and pulled it tight, exposing all the midriff he could and sending his little sisters into fits of giggles.  However, in the middle of their merriment, Lisa butted in and told them they were making too much noise and took away their music player, then personally supervised (but didn't help at all) as Luke finally moved her old bed from the sitting room and put it into the attic.  She even had him put the frame together and place the old box spring and mattress on top just because she could.
Sometimes, Luke thought, his mother was a real bitch.  Well, Lara had to get it from somewhere.
After realizing he couldn't count on technology to alleviate his boredom, Luke ended up spending most of the day sitting by the living room windows, letting his pale legs soak in sunlight and watching anything that took place outside.  For the most part, he only glimpsed the Padreses doing yard work or Lena and Lucy playing in the front yard.  The incessant lack of activity led Luke to wonder if LeVir Lake was some kind of commune.  He had heard of such communities that deliberately cut themselves off from society to live simple lives, either to return to nature or to God.  Those people were usually hesitant to accept outsiders, and they were often eccentric.  The more Luke thought about it, the more he figured the Padreses had developed LeVir Lake as a retreat from the outside world.  However, one LeVir Lake citizen injected doubt into his hypothesis: the overly friendly, overly make-upped, overly exposed Marlene Dieter.
A day or so into Luke's window gazing, he noticed his friendliest neighbor strutting up and down Prudence Boulevard, dressed even more scantily than when they'd met and traipsing around in heels that couldn't have been less than six inches tall, causing her calf muscles to stand apart from the rest of her legs (all of which he could see without trying) like a second tier on an unappetizing horizontal yellow cake.  Whenever she passed Luke's house, she would slow her pace to almost nothing, sometimes completely stopping to adjust the alignment of her headband-sized skirt or to fix her stiff mane of hair, and casting provocative glances at him.  After half a day of watching her pass back and forth in that fashion, Luke realized she wasn't actually going anywhere on her continuous strolls.  Her only goal was for him to see her.  She was trying to seduce him.  That was when he rezoned his window gazing to the kitchen windows facing the backyard, where even less activity occurred.
Luke was in the kitchen watching the vegetables in the Padres' vast garden when he realized he missed Jan.  He constantly found himself hoping for her to pop up somewhere in his house, but she hadn't tried to visit since their private picnic.  The only time he saw her was during the mass exodus the children of LeVir Lake participated in every morning without fail.  Since Lisa made him get up at seven-thirty each morning to do chores, he was able to watch the kids leave town at eight a.m.  They always returned by noon, sweaty and with full knapsacks.  Luke figured Jan didn't want to see him, but he was dying to ask her where she went every day.  Then again, he wondered if such a question might offend her delicate sensibilities, and then she would never talk to him again.  With his newfound feelings for her bubbling inside him, he didn't want to risk that.
With nothing else to do but reflect, Luke began to doubt the sincerity of Lisa's conversation with Karol Padres.  Even though Karol blamed Jan for creating ridiculous rules by which the Padreses had to live, Luke had witnessed Karol and every other Padres that wandered into his line of sight abide by those rules just as emphatically as Jan did, even when Jan wasn't around.  He had seen them stop in the middle of the road to pray; he had observed quite a few with garlic in their pockets; and of course, none of them ever came out of their houses after dark.  It was evidence enough for Luke to decide Karol wanted the Wrights to believe her daughter was crazy, though he couldn't fathom why.
Every so often, Luke daydreamed about the annual festival Jan had promised to take him to.  He wondered what kind of nighttime festivities a town like LeVir Lake inhabited with people like the Padreses could possibly provide.  Pie baking competitions?  Prizes for whoever grew the biggest squash?  Those were the kinds of things small towns found fun, right?  Knowing the Padreses, the festival was probably an excuse for some kind of religious purpose.  Maybe a human sacrifice...  Whatever kinds of entertainment the LeVir Lake festival would provide, Luke hoped Jan was still planning to take him.  Though it might not matter if she was.  The festival was the next day and Luke was still under house arrest.  Lisa remembered the tiff she and Luke had the first day of his grounding over the plate of grilled chicken, and Luke didn't dare ask for a reprieve for fear of longer punishment.
Bored and ostracized, Luke gazed out his bedroom window at the fast-approaching darkness.  He didn't like being alone in his bedroom--not since the banging that had ruined his life--but at the moment, there was nowhere else for him to go.
He despised his life.  Nothing was the way it should be: his father was dead, his mother blamed him, his only friend in LeVir Lake hated him, his friends in Salem had probably forgotten him, and he was coming down with a serious case of cabin fever.  On top of that, he felt gypped that he couldn't see the landscape behind the wall.  All he could see were the very tops of the trees poking up like arrowheads.  What was the point of living in an oasis if he couldn't receive visual pleasure from the contrast of the desert and the town?
A female jogger trotted along Prudence Boulevard.
Luke performed a double take.  There was a jogger.  Trotting along Prudence Boulevard.  After sundown.  He quickly opened his window for a better look at this strange phenomenon.
It was a girl who looked just about Luke's age, though from the distance he was at he couldn't be certain.  She didn't look like a Padres.  Her jet-black hair tied into a ponytail swept across her back as she moved, counterbalancing skin so pale it almost glowed in the impending darkness.  On her petite yet shapely physique, she wore tiny black shorts with a tight white tank top, under which her black sports bra was evident.  Her squeaky clean white running shoes nearly covered her white ankle socks.  Luke loved ankle socks on women.  The less sock, the more leg!  And unlike Marlene's varicose appendages, the girl's lean legs were the kind Luke liked looking at.
Despite the sun being set, the beautiful jogger wore sunglasses.  As she passed Luke's house, he leaned out the window to keep her in view and she detected him ogling her.  When she glanced at his house, his brain told him to hide, but something else kept him in place and he continued staring.  The jogger didn't seem to mind having an observer.  She smirked at him before refocusing on her path.
It was the centerfold girl!  The jogger was the girl Luke had seen in his magazine that he couldn't find again.  Luke felt temporarily paralyzed, the same way a small child feels after a particularly deafening thunder strike.
Something fell from the girl's body.  Her sunglasses lay stranded in the middle of Prudence Boulevard, and she was jogging away without them.  Luke's need to return them to her inflated in his chest and filled his veins.
Luke raced out of his house and snatched the sunglasses.  He looked for the girl, but she had disappeared.  "Not again," Luke moaned.  He ran in the direction she had gone until he reached the town gate.  The exertion took his breath away and he paused to retrieve it while he looked to see where the girl had gone, but he didn't see her anywhere.  What he did see was that the gate was open.  He strayed outside it, his old sneakers crunching over the gravel drive that led to the dark desert.  The skyscraping trees seemed to bow toward him in the last remaining traces of dusk.
Luke caught a glimpse of someone flitting into the trees a few yards ahead.  The centerfold girl.  Luke, determined to return her sunglasses to her, dashed into the woods, thinking of nothing except meeting this mysterious, beautiful stranger.
Inside the trees, darkness blinded him.  The thick branches blocked the residual twilight from reaching him.  He strained to see as he hiked forward.
Luke halted as his rationality suddenly returned.  Why was he venturing into the black forest?  The girl probably lived in LeVir Lake.  Someone with such clean shoes couldn't possibly reside in the woods.  There was no reason he couldn't return the sunglasses to her another day.  He'd knock on every door in town until he found her.
Luke turned to go home, a little embarrassed at his impulsive action, and hoping Lisa didn't know he'd left.
A disembodied cough canceled his retreat.  Luke spun around, his singular purpose snapped back into place, searching for the cough's maker.  He spotted a tiny light.  It hung around the girl's neck, bouncing as she jogged in place, checking her pulse between two trees.
"Hey!" Luke called.
The girl ran off without seeing him.
"Wait!" Luke yelled.  "You dropped these!"  He waved her sunglasses in the air.  They slipped from his grasp and plummeted to the black ground.
The girl looked back at Luke and laughed, but she didn't stop jogging.  Luke felt an even stronger urge to follow her.  Her pace quickened.  Luke raked the ground for the sunglasses, found them, and hurried after the girl.
He slammed into a thick tree placed in his path.  He swayed back, dazed for a moment, but he shook off the shock.  He didn't remember a giant tree standing between him and where the centerfold girl had been.  He must have turned when he picked up the sunglasses.  He looked around for the two trees he had faced before, but without the girl's light, it was too dark to see anything.  
A screech echoed above him.  Luke gulped.  "Please don't be a bat."  Luke wished he had kept the promise he'd made to Jan to stay out of the woods as another screech resonated through the trees.  "I don't like bats," Luke told himself as he felt his way around trees.  He had never actually been near any kind of bat, but that didn't matter.
Luke's shins collided with some shrubs.  He tried stepping over the plants, but he misjudged their height and tripped.  He fell flat on his face, and the sunglasses once again flew from his hand.
He crawled over the ground, searching, pawing, begging his eyes to adjust to the blinding dark.  He came across something smooth and rigid--the sunglasses frames.  Luke picked them up.  Triumphant, he regained his stance.
The sunglasses tickled his palm.  That wasn't good.  Luke brought his hand to his face, squinting as hard as he could to identify what he held.
A scorpion!  Luke flung it away.  He ran.  Without knowing where he was going or what was in his way, he ran.  He slammed into trees, but they failed to slow him.  More screeching echoed above him, sounding like unnatural laughter roaring from all sides.
The ground opened under Luke's feet.  His body plummeted, his heart jumping into his throat.  His arms reached for something to stop his descent, but there was nothing around him.  He was falling into a pit, and he didn't know how deep it was.
His throat closed as his shirt collar tightened.  His body jolted up as something yanked him back.  He flew through the air and landed on his back on solid ground.  The adrenaline pumping through his body kept his breath in his lungs, and the hard landing didn't even faze him.  Luke's fingers dug into the root-infested soil, making sure it was real.
"What are you doing out here?" Jan's voice whispered coarsely.
Luke flinched, all thoughts of finding the centerfold girl startled away.  Jan was the last person he expected to encounter in the woods.  He felt even more in trouble than he would have if his mom had caught him out of the house.  "Where did you come from?" he exclaimed, looking in the direction from which her voice had come but seeing nothing but blackness.
Jan shushed him.  She was near enough that he felt her breath rush over the top of his head.  She was standing over him.  "You have to be quiet.  What are you doing in the woods?"
Luke grunted as he stood, hoping he was facing her.  "I followed this girl.  She dropped her sunglasses."
"Do you still have them?"
"I lost them."
"Good.  We have to get out of here."  She grabbed Luke's wrist and started walking.
"Jan," Luke demanded, resisting her pull, "what's going on?"
She stopped.  By the way her hand twisted his wrist, he knew she was staring straight at him.  "Now you want to listen?  We're standing in the darkest, most dangerous place in the world and you want me to explain everything now?"
"Are we really in danger?"  Now that Jan was with him, Luke felt like nothing could hurt him.  Not even a bat.
Jan tensed, squeezing Luke's wrist.  He felt a breeze as she crossed herself, and his strange sense of calm was replaced by the familiar panic.
As if someone had fired a silent start gun, Jan took off, rocketing through the woods, hauling Luke behind her.  His feet struggled to find solid footings and he could barely keep up.  Jan's speed astounded Luke.  His old football coach would have loved her.  She moved as if nothing was in her way, but the branches she effortlessly pushed aside slapped Luke's face.  Some had thorns.
Suddenly, they were free of the woods.  Aided by the twinkling sheet of stars above him, Luke could see again.  They came out of the woods much farther down the gravel drive than Luke had entered.  Jan pulled him away from the desert, down the very middle of the drive, not slowing until they reached the town gate.  Once there, she finally stopped and released Luke's wrist as she peered into town.
"Can we talk now?" Luke wheezed, doubling over, trying to catch his breath.  Even at the top of his athletic prowess, he had never run so far so fast.  As he sucked in fresh air, he noticed the gate had gone from wide open to almost closed during the time he was in the woods.
"We're lucky we made it out of there alive," Jan whispered.  "Now we're going to have to be especially quiet.  Pad your footsteps when we enter town."
Jan's hand skimmed Luke's palm as she reclaimed his wrist to usher him through the town gate.  The flesh of his hand tingled, sending a tiny, pleasurable shock into his chest.
An obstacle immediately faced them: two men strolled along LeVir Lake Avenue.  Luke wondered if all of the residents of LeVir Lake had had a meeting and decided that was the perfect night to start going out after dark.  Jan wrenched Luke into a backyard and pressed herself against the house, shimmying across the back wall.  Signaling Luke to be silent, Jan checked around the corner.  Shivers visibly raced through her body.  She shot a glare at Luke, her circular eyes filled with both agitation and desperation.  Luke had no idea what to do.  He didn't even know from what they were hiding.
He spied movement by the town wall.  Luke squinted, distinguishing a pale face wearing sunglasses.  The centerfold girl.  She was leaning against the town wall, grinning at him, almost laughing.
Luke nudged Jan.  She took a break from scanning the street to see what he wanted.  Luke nodded toward the centerfold girl.  Jan looked.
Jan didn't warn Luke as she took off from behind the house, nearly tearing his arm off in the process.  She towed Luke across Prudence Boulevard.
Luke glanced back at the centerfold girl.  She watched them from her spot on the wall, not following, wearing a satisfied smirk.
Jan pulled Luke past his house to hers.  Karol opened the front door for them, being careful to stay inside the house.  She slammed it shut the instant they cleared the doorframe.
Luke fell to the floor and panted.  Karol held Jan, who was on her knees, rocking back and forth and rambling about "her."  Luke assumed she meant the centerfold girl.  He rolled onto his back, inhaling long, measured breaths, trying to relax his wound-up muscles.  They'd sprung to life after a year of depressed sluggishness, but the second he hit the floor, they turned to rocks.  
Jan stopped talking.  Luke looked to see what was up.  She had released herself from her mother, stood up, and was staring down at him.  The emotions in her face were so intense, Luke couldn't figure out whether they were loving or spiteful.  He could feel her silently ordering him to get up and face her.  He ordered his muscles to move.  They reluctantly complied.  He stood, looking directly into Jan's passionate eyes.
"Jan," he started, "why--?"
Jan slugged him across the jaw.  Luke stumbled back against the front door.  "What were you thinking?!" she screamed.  "I warned you!  I made it blatantly clear that it was dangerous to leave your house after sunset.  And I told you, I told you very clearly that the woods are off limits.  Do you have any idea how lucky you are that I got to you first?  I did not have to go after you.  I warned you.  Why didn't you listen?"
Jan dropped back to her knees, sobbing into her hands.  The way her body bent made her look like a quavering Z.  Neither Karol nor Luke comforted her that time.  They were both afraid of what she might do to anyone who touched her.
The phone rang in the other room.  Karol left through a swinging door to answer it.  Luke stepped toward Jan, but she held her hand out, warning him not to come near, pushing his friendship away.
Luke felt a hand on his upper back.  It belonged to the old man who lived with Jan.  Where the hell had he come from?  The man motioned for Luke to follow him and left the opposite way Karol had.  Luke glanced at Jan's doleful form once more before going to the other room.
The man sat in an overstuffed chair as he gestured for Luke to sit on the couch.  Luke did as instructed.  The old man folded his rugged brown hands in front of his chest.  "Luke, is it?"
"Yeah.  I mean, yes," Luke corrected respectfully.
"Joaquin Padres," the old man said as an introduction.  Luke remembered the name.  Jan had said her special rats got into Joaquin's house and killed his family.  "Luke.  What was it...exactly...that persuaded you to leave your house after sunset?"
Luke wasn't up to explaining to Joaquin how the centerfold girl had vanished from his adult magazine and reappeared in LeVir Lake, and that his adolescent hormones had momentarily deleted the rational part of his brain, so he simply shrugged.  "A girl dropped her sunglasses in front of my house."
"And you thought that was an accident."  The old man shook his head.  "What made you follow her?  Why did you need to return the sunglasses to her immediately?"
Was Joaquin so old that he had forgotten what it was like to be a teenaged boy?  Luke bet Joaquin knew exactly why he had followed a girl like that.  But Luke shrugged again.  "I thought it was the polite thing to do."
Joaquin sighed.  He wasn't buying Luke's innocent routine.  "Luke.  We, the Padreses, are the good guys.  You need to trust us, listen to us, and follow our rules.  There is a reason we made them."  So Jan wasn't responsible for the strange town rules.  Luke had known Karol's explanation was fishy.  "Now," Joaquin said, "tell me the core truth.  You did not follow this girl just to be gentlemanly, did you?"
Luke thought about it.  That was exactly why he had followed her.  Well, there was also the matter of meeting her.  She was his centerfold girl.
"I thought so," Joaquin said, even though Luke had not verbalized an answer.
"You thought what?" Luke confronted.  "Sir," he quickly added so as not to offend.
"You were pulled in by the succubus."
"Succubus?"  Luke had heard the word before.  He couldn't remember in what context he had heard it or what it meant, but he knew it was not a happy term.
Joaquin pushed himself out of his chair, his stiff joints popping, and ambled to the barred windows.  "She's a man-eater, that one you followed.  And don't think you're the first.  But you are the first to come back, thanks to Jan."  Joaquin closed the curtains.  "She is special, our Jan.  That's why you were safe when you were with her."
"If we were so safe, why did she run?"
"Jan has a gift.  She knows not to squander it."  Joaquin looked at Luke, his shrewd eyes scanning the young, not-quite-so-athletic-anymore frame.  "You are lucky to have her as a friend.  No one else in this town would have gone after you.  She likes you very much, and that makes you very special."
Luke rubbed his sore jaw.  "Yeah, she's taken quite a liking to me."
"Yes," Joaquin said without humor, "Padres women have a strange way of showing their affection."  He stepped closer to Luke, still examining him.  There was something omniscient about the way the old man's eyes seemed to look right through Luke's skin and into his private self.  Joaquin said, "It is not a coincidence you came to this town."
A clunking noise sounded from upstairs.
"That sounds like Karol.  She's setting up the guest bed for you."
"Guest bed?" Luke repeated.  He suddenly remembered his grounding, and his mother's wrath.  "I can't spend the night here.  I have to get home."
Stony fire lit Joaquin's face.  "Have you not yet realized you cannot go out after dark?  Not even to cross the yard.  You have to stay here tonight."
"But I'm grounded.  If my mother finds out I'm not home, she'll kill me."
The fire cooled.  "I take it she does not know you followed that creature into the woods."
"I'm not even supposed to leave the house."
Joaquin rubbed his chin.  "She might go out looking for you.  I will get a message to her that you are here.  I will not tell her you followed a succubus into the forbidden woods.  You can do that yourself tomorrow."  Joaquin headed out of the room.
"Thanks."  Luke's voice lilted up at the end of the word, transforming his gratitude into a question.
"I'm not doing it for your sake," Joaquin said.  The old man paused in the doorway.  He did not look at Luke as he spoke his departing comments.  "I suggest you apologize to Jan.  Make it good.  She saved your life."  Joaquin left.
Luke remained on the couch, not registering Joaquin's final words.  He was too busy contemplating how to keep from getting in more trouble with his mother.  As soon as Lisa found out Luke had left the house while grounded, she would kill him, and then she would ground him even longer.  He couldn't blame special rats for forcing him to leave the house.  She probably wouldn't buy the succubus thing either.
Exhaustion slammed Luke as he lifted himself from the couch.  His sleeplessness from the past few nights caught him in the pit of his stomach.  He had a feeling he would have no trouble sleeping that night.  He felt safe in Jan's house.  Maybe because of the silver bars on the windows keeping out rats and succubi.  Before he passed out, however, Luke needed to make amends.
He reached the top of the stairs as Karol started down.  "I made up the guest bed for you," she said, indicating the bedroom next to the stairs.  "Extra blankets and pillows are in the closet.  Toothbrushes are below the sink.  Jan's room is that one."
Luke's mouth flew open, ready to deny his target, but Karol seemed unconcerned that he was heading for her seventeen-year-old daughter's bedroom.  She probably figured Jan could take care of herself.  Luke's jaw throbbed.
"But Luke," Karol added, "don't put too much stock in what Joaquin tells you.  He's an old man, and the storm affected him even more than it did Jan.  He lost his wife and all his children."  Karol went downstairs.
Was it vital for Karol to reveal every Padres's tragic past?
Luke pushed the information away and went to the door Karol said belonged to Jan's room.  He knocked softly, hoping Jan wouldn't immediately open the door and slug him.
He heard Jan say something on the other side of the door, but her voice was barely audible.  He assumed she'd said, “Come in,” so Luke opened the door just enough to stick his head inside.  At least seven lamps were turned on, bathing every inch of the room with light.  Jan sat at her vanity on the opposite side of the room, facing the mirror and brushing her long blonde hair.  She had changed into a long black nightgown with long sleeves and lace trim, but the choker remained around her neck.
"What do you want?" Jan asked curtly, looking at him in the mirror.  Her delicate fingers were wrapped around a shaft of wood on her vanity.  The shaft possessed one pointed end and one blunt end.  On the blunt end, there was a small, embossed crucifix.
Luke browsed Jan's room.  Most of her bedroom was white, even the furniture.  It reminded Luke of the parlor in his house.  One item, however, seemed misplaced: Jan's bed was dressed entirely in black.  Everything from her pillowcases to her bed skirt was solid black linen.  The only decorations in the room were sparse religious paraphernalia.  Crucifixes speckled the white walls.  A large Virgin Mary icon prayed on Jan's dresser, half-hidden by a brown lace veil.  For a brief moment, the statue seemed to look directly at Luke.
"Well?" Jan prompted.
Luke remembered why he had come to her room.  He needed to thank her for helping him out of the woods.  He needed to apologize for bringing her into danger, even if the danger was only in her head.  Luke scrambled to word his contrition in a manner that wouldn't upset her any further.
Jan didn't wait long for him to speak.  She dropped the shaft and crossed to her door, intending to close it on him.
"Wait," Luke spoke louder than he meant to as he hopped past the doorframe and into the room.  He decreased his volume.  "I wanted to say something."
Jan waited.
"I need to say something."  But the something wouldn't form in his mouth.  He had to wing it.
Luke enfolded Jan's hands in his.  They were as soft as silk, and as strong as spring clamps.  Jan recoiled, but Luke held onto her.  He genuflected to both knees and looked up at his friend.
"Thank you for saving my life," he said, hoping those words would do.
Jan's eyes flooded with tears.  She fell to his level and hugged him.  Luke guessed he'd said the right thing.  Jan said into his shoulder, "I can only accept your apology if you promise not to put either of our lives in danger again without discussing it with me first."
Luke laughed.  "I promise."
Jan held Luke longer than he expected her to, but he didn't mind.  He was glad they were still friends.  He didn't know what he'd do in that town with only his sisters and mother to keep him company.  Not that that was the only reason he liked having Jan around.  He wrapped both arms around her torso, enjoying the way her body felt against his.  He'd hugged girls before, but he'd promptly pulled away from most of them without even thinking about it.  With Jan, though, he wanted to stay there for a good long while, just holding her.  He didn't think he'd ever get tired of it.
After a few moments, Jan self-consciously pulled away.  Luke let her.  They both continued to kneel.  Luke examined Jan's saturated blue eyes.  They sparkled in the bright bedroom.  An odd wonder formed behind them as they looked back at Luke.  They seemed to ask him a question, but he didn't know what.
"So," Luke cleared his throat, "is everything cool with us?"
"Yes, cool," Jan answered.  She lowered her eyes, the wonder retreating.  "Sorry I hit you."
"Don't worry about it.  You've got a hell of a right hook," he joked.
Jan giggled.  "So I've been told."
Trying to break the tension that was seeping into the space between them, Luke tapped her choker.  "Why do you always wear this clunky thing?"
Jan's smile degraded.  She stood.  His action had done the opposite of what he'd intended.  Afraid he had offended her again, Luke braced himself as he rose.
Jan's slender fingers touched the choker.  "I always wear this," she said.  "It's an heirloom.  Pure silver, impossible to bite through."
"Bite through?" Luke joked, still trying to lighten the mood.  "Afraid I'll get a little rough?"  Luke's hands flew to his mouth.  Why was he always so accidentally indecent around that girl?
"Luke, what's wrong?"  Jan had failed to receive the not-so-hidden meaning of Luke's comment.
"I'm tired," he excused himself.  "I get a little goofy when I'm tired.  I think I'll head to bed."
"Oh.  Okay."  Jan opened the door for him.
Luke paused in the doorway.  Jan watched him from just inside her room.  The sparkle was back in her eyes.
"Well," Luke said, "good night."
"Sleep well," Jan wished.
Before Luke knew what he was doing, he kissed Jan's magnetic lips.  She froze.  Luke quickly pulled away and forced a laugh.  "I will now."  He retreated to the bathroom.

LUKE SLEPT VERY WELL that night.  He had an agreeable dream.  It involved Jan, Kitten from Silver & Gold, and him.  He awoke refreshed.
Luke hopped out of bed.  He couldn't remember the last time he'd been so energetic in the morning.  He wanted to see Jan.  He got dressed and knocked on her bedroom door, but there was no answer.  That's when he remembered Jan always left town in the mornings.  The spring in his step dampened.
Luke went downstairs.  He looked for Karol or Joaquin, but the first floor was deserted.  He jotted a quick thank you note for their hospitality and left the house.
Luke stepped outside, breathing in the pleasant mid-morning air.  For the first time, he was glad he was in LeVir Lake.  He liked the way the warm air felt on his skin, the way the lush lawns smelled, the way the town wall protected him from everything unpleasant about the desert.  He really liked the friend he had made.  
However, the instant he saw his house, all his good feelings fled and dread dropped in his gut.  He feared what Lisa would to do once she caught sight of him.  His fear was about to be answered.
Lisa flung open the front door and bolted outside.  Luke braced himself as she raced toward him.
Lisa threw her arms around her son in a bear hug.  "I'm so happy to see you!" she exclaimed.  Her arms released him, but her hands zoomed over his face, arms and legs, examining him.  Luke was too shocked to stop her.  "Mr. Padres called last night and told me everything."
Thank you, Joaquin!  "What exactly did he tell you?"
"He told me how you fell out of your window and nearly broke your ankle.  I'm going to the city today to get gates for all the second-floor windows.  He told me Jan found you after sunset and took you to her house for first aid.  Are you all right?"
"I will be," Luke feigned.
He wondered why Joaquin had concocted that story for him, especially after the old man made it clear he wasn't going to help Luke.  Whatever the reason, Luke was off the hook.
Lisa touched his jaw where Jan had punched him.  Luke winced.  He'd forgotten about that part of last night.  "You must have hit your face when you landed."
Luke had hoped his bruise wouldn't be that obvious.  He raised his shoulder to hide it.
Lisa dropped to the ground.  "How's your ankle?" she asked.  "It looks a little puffy.  Maybe I should take you to a hospital."
"No, Mom, it's not broken," Luke promised.
"Are you sure?  Mr. Padres said it was just a bad twist, but he's not a doctor, what does he know?"
"Mom, I'm fine," Luke insisted.  "Are you okay?"
"I'm wonderful, Luke."  She offered her body to support her son.  He put his arm around her shoulders and did his best to convince her he had a hurt ankle.  They slowly crossed the lawn.
"How did Mr. Padres get word to you last night?" Luke inquired.  "Did he come over?"
"At night?" Lisa guffawed.  "Honey, you know he didn't.  It was the weirdest thing, though.  Last night, the house phone line worked.  We didn't even know it until Mr. Padres called.  But right after I hung up with him, Lara tried to call some friends, and it wasn't working anymore.  I don't know what the matter is with the phone lines in this town.  Or the Internet, for that matter.  It's supposed to be satellite, for Pete's sake."
Luke glanced back at Jan's house, expecting to see someone peeking out the curtains.  There was no one.  He wondered whether the Padreses controlled the phone lines.  If they did, why would they want to keep the Wrights from contacting the world outside LeVir Lake?
Luke couldn't dwell on his hypothesis.  He was preoccupied with keeping pressure off of his perfectly healthy ankle.
Lisa helped Luke all the way to the living room couch.  "I'm going to make you some breakfast," she said.  "Here's the remote.  I'll be back in ten minutes."
Luke was amazed at his luck.  Last night he thought he would be dead by that point, but his mother was waiting on him hand and foot.  He should fake an injury more often.
Luke surfed the news channels until Lisa bustled back to him with a tray of hot scrambled eggs and crispy bacon.  She put a napkin on him like a bib and called him "sweetie."  It was the perfect time to take advantage of her concern.
"Mom," he launched, "Jan invited me to a party later.  Can I go?"
Lisa sat next to him, smoothing his hair.  "I don't know, Luke.  You took quite a fall last night.  I really should take you to a hospital.  Not to mention, you are still grounded."
"But, Mom," Luke pressed, "Jan took me in.  If it weren't for her, I could have been lying outside all night.  In the dark.  I don't want to insult her by turning down her invitation."
Lisa bit her lips.  She looked at him, the TV, his breakfast, the windows, and then him again.  He focused on appearing as pathetic as possible.  "Oh," she gave in, "I suppose it'll be all right."
Luke cheered internally.
"I guess your grounding is over," Lisa said.  "I can barely remember what it was for anyway."
"He was hammering things late at night and woke everybody up," Lara said from the entrance of the living room.  Luke glared at her.
"That doesn't really matter now, Lara," Lisa stated.
Lara smiled at her mother, but sent Luke a deadly glower.  "Nice jaw," she taunted.  Luke mouthed some insulting words at his sister, but Lara turned her attention to Lisa.
"What's this Luke was saying about a party?" Lara asked.  Luke's breath caught.  "It would be great to get out of this house."
"No," Luke declared.  "Jan only invited me.  She said specifically the invitation was only for me.  No one else can come."
Lara pouted.  "That's not fair."
"Luke," Lisa reasoned, "Jan's a nice girl.  I'm sure she won't mind Lara joining you at the party."
Luke rubbed his jaw.  He was positive Jan would mind.
"Where is this party anyway?" his mother asked.
"I don't know," Luke said.  "Jan said something about taking me to the park tonight."
"Tonight?" Lisa startled.  "I don't know that I like the idea of you going to a party in this town after dark.  The Padreses say it's not safe."
Great, Luke thought.  Karol had sucked his mother into the Padres paranoia.  "Mom," Luke rationalized, "it has to be safe if Jan is going.  No one hates going out at night more than Jan."
"That's something I don't get about this town," Lara said.  "Why is everyone so afraid of the dark?  What are they scared of?  The boogeyman?"
"Rats," Luke muttered under his breath.
"What was that?" Lara instigated.
"Nothing."  Luke forced a pursed smile.  He spoke through clenched teeth.  "I'll ask Jan about you going with us."
"I'm sure she won't mind," Lisa restated cheerfully.  "Luke, do you feel up to going to the city with me to get those window gates?"
Luke really didn't want to go.  "Sure, Mom, I'd love to."



Chapter 7


IT WAS ALREADY NIGHT when Jan arrived at the Wright residence.  She carried a high-wattage flashlight that nearly blinded Lisa when she answered the door.
"Oh, hi, Jan," Lisa greeted, shielding her eyes.  "Come in."
"No, thanks," Jan said.  "I'll just take Luke and we'll go."
Luke shuffled to the door.  "We have a guest," he grumbled.  He wished he could have included "unwanted" in that sentence, but Lisa would have reinstated his grounding in a heartbeat.
"What?" Jan's glare indicated that she was just as unhappy about Lara coming as Luke was.  He stood clear of Jan's reach in case she decided to swing.  He silently communicated that it wasn't his fault.  Jan sighed as Lara emerged from the staircase.
Lucy and Lena appeared out of nowhere.  "Can we go, too?" Lucy begged.  "We promise to be good."
"No, girls," Lisa said.  "This is a big kid party.  We're going to stay home and make Rice Krispies treats."  Lena and Lucy groaned.
"We need to go," Jan told Luke and Lara.
"Jan," Lisa interrogated, as mothers do, "when will this party be over?"
"I don't know," Jan called from halfway across the lawn, leaving Lisa unsatisfied in the doorway.
"Oh," Lisa stammered as her two oldest children rushed out of the house to catch up with Jan, "well, be careful."
Jan hurried Luke and Lara toward the LeVir Lake entrance.  Luke was surprised to find the town gate open.  He was positive the only time the townspeople opened the gate was while the kids were outside in the desert.  Then again, it had been open last night when Jan fetched him from the woods.
Jan steered them away from the gate and hurried down LeVir Lake Avenue.
"Jan," Luke puffed as he kept up with her quick pace, "what's this festival for?"
"The truce.  This is the one night of the year we can go out at night without fear."
"Fear of what?" Lara asked.
"Rats," Jan said with a straight face.
Luke laughed.  Jan blushed.  The swift kiss from last night possessed both of their minds.  Jan flicked her light at Luke's jaw.  Luke would never admit it, but he had covered his bruise with some of Lisa's make-up.  He wasn't up to explaining how a girl had laid him out.
Lara, being Lara, decided she was going to go at her own pace and lagged a couple of yards behind them.  "Keep up," Jan ordered.  "Just because we're celebrating peace doesn't mean everyone will follow the rules."  Lara grudgingly caught up and remained at Jan's side, though she was judging Jan the entire time.
Luke scowled at his sister.  Sometimes he felt like he really did hate her, and this was definitely one of those times.  He hated how she had coerced herself into his date with Jan.  How had his sister come to be such a conniving bitch?  Not too long ago, she had been a good person.  There was even a time when Luke had considered her his best friend.  But one day, without warning, Lara suddenly became too cool to hang out with her "loser brother."  Soon after, Lara's teenage angst showed up, then Luke's angst, and finally, their relationship reduced to its current state.
Straight ahead, the town park that sat in the middle of town glowed.  Lampposts shone like radioactive trees, illuminating every inch of the center of LeVir Lake with fluorescent lights that made everything paler than it actually was.  Luke noticed Jan's skin as she deactivated her flashlight and hooked it on her belt.  She was whiter than the imported wood in his house's parlor.
"Here we are," she announced.  "Keep together and don't talk to strangers unless I tell you they're okay."
"How old do you think I am?  Five?" Lara snipped.
Jan ignored Lara's comment and led the Wrights into the town park, where a carnival was in full swing.  Rides soared over their heads.  A row of midway games beckoned from their left.  To their right, performers staged authentic Mexican dances for the crowd.  Luke wondered where it had all come from.  Surely he would have noticed a bunch of trucks entering town and setting up a full-blown amusement park less than a hundred yards from his house.  The swiftness with which the rides went up made Luke question their safety.
"Where do we get tickets?" Lara asked.
"The festival is gratis, courtesy of the mayor," Jan revealed.
"You mean the taxpayers," Lara said, casting a wide glance at the park.
"Shut up," Luke ordered his sister with a lower.  Lara sneered back.
Jan cupped Luke's hand.  He smiled, his hand cupping hers back.  He hoped the fluorescent lights washed out the sudden redness in his face.
"This way," Jan said.  "I want to introduce you to my favorite cousin."
Jan, Luke, and Lara traveled along the midway.  Gamekeepers barked at them to play at their stands, but Jan kept the Wrights on track.
Every carnival had a freak show, and apparently, Luke and Lara were it for that year's LeVir Lake truce festival.  Every person they passed stared openly at the siblings.  It made Luke uncomfortable.  He suddenly felt empathy for bearded ladies and lizard people, but the Wrights weren't the only ones being scrutinized.  The crowd murmured and pointed at Jan, but Jan didn't notice.  Or she didn't care.
Jan led them past Marlene sitting on some guy's lap, whispering in his ear.  She spotted Luke and ran her tongue along her upper lip.  Luke pretended not to see her.
They finally reached a grouping of tables filled with festival goers at least ten years older than them.  That was where Jan stopped.
"Marc," she hailed.
"Hey, Janny."  A young man of about twenty, who took after the Hispanic side of the Padres family, emerged from the crowd and hugged Jan.
Jan ended the embrace first and said, "I want you to meet someone."  She pulled Luke close.  "This is Luke Wright.  Luke, this is my cousin, Marc."
"So," Marc marveled, "you're Luke Wright, of the Wrights from out of the blue."
Luke didn't know what he meant, but he responded with an awkward nod.
Marc extended his left hand, throwing Luke off guard since he'd only ever shook hands with his right before.  He took Marc's hand.  The Padres had an odd grip, as if his hand was too wide.  Luke looked down.  Six perfectly formed fingers gripped him.  Luke stared at them without realizing what he was doing.
"I see you've noticed my deformity," Marc remarked.  Luke snapped his eyes away from the fingers, making a point of looking Marc in the face, as if Marc would believe that's where Luke had been looking the entire time.  "Everyone," Marc announced to the gathered crowd while still keeping a firm grip on Luke's hand, "I have six fingers on my left hand."  Half of the people around them cheered while the other half groaned.  It seemed they already knew.
"I'm sorry," Luke said, his discomfort increasing the longer Marc refused to release his hand.  "I've just never seen anything like it before."  He tried to make conversation to show he wasn't bothered.  "Does it get in your way?" 
"No, but it is hard to figure out which finger I'd use to flick you off with.  How about I combine these two to produce a Super Bird?"  Marc finally released Luke, but flipped his two middle fingers at him.  A couple of onlookers chuckled.
Jan responded in a bland tone, "That's great."
"So, Luke," Marc chatted, wrapping his arm around Jan's shoulders and squeezing, aiming to annoy her and succeeding, "the story you told Jan about your grandparents and how you came to LeVir Lake reeks of bullshit.  Who's ever heard of someone buying a house three thousand miles away just because it sounds nice?"
"You don't know too many filthy rich people," Luke guessed.
"Having money doesn't mean a thing if you're an idiot about how you spend it.  I'm sure Jan's already told you how often new people show up in our little oasis unannounced."
"Sorry," Luke joked.  "We forgot to pay a Paul Revere impersonator to ride through town shouting, 'The Wrights are coming!  The Wrights are coming!'"
Marc chuckled.  "Well, I for one am relieved you finally showed up."
"Marc," Jan said in a warning tone.  
Luke looked at his friend.  She forced a laugh and ducked under Marc's arm, turning her attention to the people behind him, also her relatives.  Abandoning Luke with her overly convivial cousin.  
Marc, using his left hand, directed Luke to approach.  Luke did.  Marc spoke in a lower tone, ditching his friendly flare and adopting a more businesslike attitude.
"You and Jan seem to have spent a lot of time together in the short while you've lived here."
Luke detected protectiveness in Marc's voice.  "We're next door neighbors.  It's natural that we'd bump into each other."  Luke thought about the kiss.  "She's a great girl."
"Be honest with me."  Marc closed in, squeezing Luke's shoulder with his six-fingered hand while speaking confidentially.  "Has she been acting strangely?"
Luke remembered how Jan had boarded up his attic, plus the insane dash through the woods and town the previous night.  "Not really," he shrugged.
Marc narrowed his eyes.  He obviously knew Jan too well to believe she hadn't shown Luke her crazy side.
"She might be a bit paranoid sometimes," Luke granted, "but so are the people she lives with, so you can't blame her."
Loud laughter burst out of Marc, startling Luke.  "So you've met Joaquin," he exclaimed, his affability popping back into place.  Jan returned her attention to them.  "You'd better be a gentleman around my Janny," Marc ordered Luke as he jovially punched him in the arm.  "She's a delicate snowflake."
"Don't let Marc bug you," Jan told Luke.  "I have to put up with him because he's family.  Marc's the closest thing I have to a brother."
"Ah, lil' sis."  Marc pulled Jan into a headlock.
"Watch out," Luke warned, "she hits."
Marc laughed and released Jan, who was not amused.  Marc observed, "So she's already introduced you to the wrath of the Padres women.  Jan, that's not how you treat new friends."  The eavesdroppers chuckled.
"Ha, ha," Jan replied, annoyed.
Marc hugged his cousin.  "We're just kidding, Janny."
"Yeah, Janny," Luke added, "just kidding."  Once Marc released her, Luke presented Jan with a heartfelt embrace of his own.  She reciprocated.
That was when he saw her.
A girl, so beautiful that the sight of her struck out like a whip and paralyzed Luke, strutted toward him.  She reminded Luke of the centerfold girl, except this girl's hair was not black but dark brown with traces of sunkissed copper that stood out under the festival lights, and her complexion was a beautiful bronze not even the fluorescence could wash out.  But she possessed the same glowing quality of the centerfold girl, along with the same perfectly-proportioned body displayed in a cropped shirt and short skirt that showed off her curves.  Her body seemed to exude an invisible light that reached out to Luke, warming him from the inside.  He had never felt anything so pleasant.  She bestowed upon Luke a smile made especially for him: a gleaming grin resplendent with ruler-straight white teeth surrounded by plush pink lips.  Though his body remained the same, he felt larger, like some part of him that was missing had suddenly reattached without him ever knowing it was gone.  The girl continued to smile at him.  Luke tried to guess her name, feeling like he should know it already.  With her raw, exquisite beauty, she had to have an exotic, foreign name, one found only in soap operas.
Luke's peripheral noted another girl accompanying his beauty.  The dirty blonde cheerleader-type wearing clothes even shorter than her friend's leered at Luke, her head lowered so her dark eyes stared devilishly from under her eyebrows.  Her coloring was the opposite of the exotic girl's, with skin even paler than Jan's except for her red cheeks that stood out against her face.  She was also incredibly beautiful, though not quite as gorgeous as her friend.  Luke presumed the blonde shared her name with a sweet food or perky flower: Candy, Daisy, Lilly.  The blonde grinned wickedly as the pair closed in on Luke.  Venus Fly Trap?
Jan pulled herself from Luke's extended hold, confused yet pleased at his assertive affection.  She realized he had been preoccupied with something else, and her eyes followed his stunned gaze.  When she saw what he was staring at, she stiffened.
"Hello, Jan," the bronze beauty greeted.  Her voice felt to Luke like scoring the game-winning touchdown.  "Marc, how are you?"
"How do you think?" Marc answered curtly, his friendliness evaporated.  If Luke hadn't still been paralyzed, he might have punched Marc for speaking to her so rudely.
"Ooh," the dirty blonde sucked air through her teeth, "down, boy."
"Aren't you going to introduce us to your friend?" the beauty asked.
Luke bounced on the balls of his feet and grinned like a fool, eagerly waiting for Jan to introduce him.  Instead, Jan mumbled something Luke couldn't understand.
"Ah, Jan," the beauty pooh-poohed, "don't be like that."
Jan only glared.
"Well, if you won't be courteous, then I will."  The girl stepped around Jan to within a foot of Luke and extended a lacy gloved hand.  "Hi.  I'm Colette LeVir."
Luke's eyes widened.  He recognized that name.  She was the mayor's daughter Jan had warned him about his first day in town.
Colette lifted her eyebrows at his reaction to her name.  "I see Jan has already introduced me by reputation."
Luke shook out of his daze and took Colette's hand.  It fit much, much better in his than Marc's did.  Than anyone's did.  "Sorry.  I'm Luke Wright.  I just moved here."
"Yes," Colette grinned, "everybody knows."  Her pitch black eyes pressed into Luke's.  The more he looked, the more beautiful she became.
Luke realized he was still holding her hand.  He yanked his away, embarrassed.  Colette continued to grin.
The dirty blonde introduced herself, "Bunny."  Oh, Luke had forgotten about cute little animal names.  He shook her hand.  She boasted a crushing grip.
"What are you guys doing just standing around?" Colette asked.  "Why not ride the rides, play the games, enjoy a corn dog?"
"I love corn dogs," Bunny said.  "What about you, Luke?"
The girls' dark eyes enrapt Luke.  Especially Colette's.  "Corn dogs are good," he drooled.
Marc flicked Luke hard in the back, breaking his absorption with the femmes.  The crowd that had surrounded them had dispersed.  Only Jan and Marc remained.
Lara was gone.
Luke turned to Jan.  "Did you see where Lara went?"  Before he had finished the last word of that sentence, his eyes were back to Colette, a dopey grin developing over his face.
Jan gasped, looking around.  "I forgot all about her.  I knew she shouldn't have come."
"Who?" Marc asked.
"My sister," Luke answered.  Marc rolled his eyes and groaned.
"We have to find her now," Jan ordered.
"What's the rush?" Bunny asked.  Luke agreed.  "Have you forgotten what this festival is all about?"
"No, we haven't forgotten," Marc said, "but we also haven't forgotten who we're celebrating it with."
Bunny hissed in mock hurt.  "Where's the trust?"
Colette smirked, an adorable expression that made Luke smile even more.
"Come on," Marc urged Luke, "we'll find your sister."
"We'll help," Colette volunteered.  "You go that way, we'll go this way."
"You don't know what she looks like," Marc pointed out.
"Which should make her very easy to find," Colette counter-pointed and left.  Bunny winked at Marc as she whipped around and followed Colette.
Luke didn't want Colette to go.  His arms reflexively reached out to her, but she disappeared into the festival crowd.  Luke's heart thudded.  What if he never saw her again?
Jan clutched Luke's arm.  "Come on.  I'm sure Lara's safe."  She sounded as if she were trying to convince herself.
Jan, Marc, and Luke pushed through scattered groups, all of which stared at Luke.  Rather than searching for his sister, Luke's head whipped around trying to relocate Colette, but the Padres cousins were pulling him too fast for him to get a good look anywhere.  They didn't stop to ask anyone if they had seen Lara.  Jan only asked one name as she passed festival goers: John, though she pronounced it with a French accent.  Whatever she was saying, it seemed to have nothing to do with Lara, but had a great impact on whoever heard it.  One of the people they passed pointed toward the back of the festival, and the cousins turned to walk in that direction, yanking Luke along with them.  After that, neither Jan nor Marc asked anyone anything else.  Luke thought they weren't trying very hard to find his sister as he continued trying to see where Colette went.
The cousins led Luke to a pavilion where a throng of people, deathly pale under the fluorescents, had assembled.  Colette and Bunny had already arrived.  Luke was so excited to see Colette again he neglected to wonder how she had gotten there so fast.  Jan barreled through the assemblage while Marc held Luke back.  Luke didn't mind.  He simpered at Colette.  She returned his look with her adorable smirk.
The crowd under the pavilion shifted.  Every single person eyed Luke.  He looked around in case there was something interesting to see, but no, the pallid crowd was all staring at him.  Every eye, dark and hollow, struck Luke with the intensity of its stare.  Even being next to Colette again didn't alleviate the growing discomfort in his body.  Luke felt like they were going to stare a hole straight through him.
Colette slipped her arm through Luke's, easing his angst.  His arm tingled pleasantly under her touch.  She led him into the mob, which parted for her.  Bunny took charge of Marc, keeping him outside the pavilion.
Colette walked Luke easily through the thick crowd, which seemed to part automatically to make a path for them, and they arrived at where Jan had stopped.  She stood over Lara, who lounged in a pile of hay with an aristocratic young man.  Paler than anyone Luke had seen yet in LeVir Lake, the man's skin was smooth as polished marble, but the hay needles that pricked his exposed forearm fell into him as if he were supple as a pillow.  His perfectly straight teeth flashed in a charming smile that would make any female melt.  Heck, Luke almost melted.  The guy's face possessed fine, chiseled features Luke wished he had, but retained the soft curves of youth.  He had dark blue eyes surrounded by long, thick eyelashes that might have seemed fake if they hadn't gone with the rest of his face so flawlessly.  He oozed charisma.  Luke was amazed Lara had not gravitated to him the instant they entered the park.
"You know I can," the guy insisted in a melodious voice, continuing the conversation he and Lara were already having.
"What makes you so important?" Lara flirted.
The guy leaned into Lara.  "I'm the Prince of the LeVirs."
Lara scoffed, "What's that supposed to mean?  You're, like, the mayor's son?"
Lara's deduction impressed the guy.  He smiled roguishly at her with both his mouth and eyes.  "Precisely, and because of that, I can do whatever I want."
Lara remained coy.  "Sure.  The last guy who told me his dad was mayor...well, no one has ever told me his dad was mayor.  President, but never mayor.  I don't believe you anyway."
Colette sat next to Lara, conducting Luke to sit with her.  He obeyed gladly.  
"You should," Colette alerted Lara.  "Jean-Beau happens to be my brother, and I am the mayor's child."
"Call me Jean," the guy insisted, preserving the French elocution.  So that was what Jan had been saying.
Lara seemed surprised by the hotness of Luke's companion, as if Luke could never land someone so beautiful.  Luke tilted toward Colette, affirming to his sister that, yes, he was with the hottest girl alive.  Colette noticed his advance and nuzzled his neck, surprising and arousing him.  Luke didn't know what had happened to him when he entered LeVir Lake to make him suddenly attractive to women, but he was starting not to mind his forced move west.
Jan hooked her fingers into Luke's shoulder and yanked him back to a stand, breaking him out of Colette's grip.  "That's enough," she ordered.
"Aw, Jan," Colette pouted, "don't be such a party pooper.  I know!"  Her face lit up like a five-year-old on her birthday.  "Let's all go to the Ferris wheel!"  Luke happily agreed.  She could have suggested they all take a dip in week-old sewage and Luke still would have happily agreed with her.
"We'll take a rain check," Jean answered for himself and Lara.  "We're quite comfortable here."  Lara giggled, sounding stupid.
"Suit yourself," Colette said.  She stood with the grace of a professional ballerina, snatching Luke back from Jan.  She linked her free arm around Jan's disinclined shoulders and propelled them through the crowd.  They found Bunny and Marc still on the outskirts.  Marc looked relieved to see them.
Colette started to lead them all to the Ferris wheel when she halted, catching sight of someone skulk out from behind a game stall, licking his lips.  Luke recognized the greasy driver who had driven the Wright's moving truck to LeVir Lake.  The annual festival was probably the event for which the driver had been so anxious to return home.  Colette sent Bunny an indistinct signal.  Bunny deserted Marc's side and tailed the truck driver.  She resembled a lion stalking its prey.  Luke lost sight of her as Colette piloted him the other direction.
"To the Ferris wheel!"

LARA LAZED in the hay with her new acquaintance, relishing his interest.  Jean LeVir was severely hot, and his amazing dark blue eyes entranced her.
"So," Jean queried as he picked an acoustic guitar, "how come it's taken so long for us to meet?"
"I moved here less than a week ago," Lara said.  "I've been busy helping my mom set up our new house."
"Where exactly do you live?" Jean pried.
"Yeah, right," Lara laughed.  "Like I'm going to tell someone I just met exactly where I live."
Jean's eyes fixed on Lara's.  She felt helpless under his gaze, in a good way.  "Come on.  You can trust me."
"419 Prudence Boulevard, second floor, first door on the right."
Lara flinched.  She hadn't meant to blurt out all of that information, especially around so many attentive ears.  Anemic LeVir Lake natives surrounded Lara and Jean, and every single one of them focused on her as if they wanted her body.  But Jean wanted her the most.
"See?" Jean teased.  "You know you can trust me.  Why don't you go ahead and tell me all your little secrets?"
Lara was nervous she would.  She prayed she didn't publicize anything else she didn't want known.  She decided to play right back at Jean.
"What if I don't want you to know?" she flirted.  She leaned in, her mouth an inch from his ear.  "Yet."
Jean lifted his eyebrows, impressed.  "You know, Lara," he said, "I wasn't just giving you a line when I told you I am the Prince of the LeVirs."
"If you insist."
"Anything you want, I can give it to you."
"Anything I want?"  Lara leaned back.  "How can the son of the mayor of a diddlysquat town like LeVir Lake give me anything I want?"
Jean snapped his fingers.  "Like that.  What do you want?"
Jean's arrogance enticed Lara.  She decided to go all out.  "A brand-new, tricked-out Mustang convertible, complete with all the toys, like a DVD player and killer sound system."
Jean grinned.  "What color?"
Lara grinned back.  "The exact color of your eyes."
Jean snapped his fingers.  Lara's attraction to him intensified.  
"Would you like a massage?" she offered--the classic sign that she was interested in a guy.
A lackey handed Jean two plastic cups filled with red soda.  "That's incredible," Jean marveled as he offered Lara a drink.  "I was just thinking, 'I hope Lara asks me if I want a massage,' and you did.  I must be psychotic."  Jean took a sip from his cup.
"You mean psychic," Lara giggled.
Jean lowered his cup, raising his eyebrows as if he hadn't heard her.  "Huh?"

COLETTE, LUKE, JAN, and Marc strolled to the Ferris wheel.  Actually, Colette strolled while Jan and Marc staggered.  Luke just kept up.  They stopped only once at a booth specializing in the sale of a book of stone tablets.  Each tablet was a copy of a mural on the town wall.  Luke picked one up.  It was easily ten pounds, probably more.
"Honestly," Bunny sighed, rejoining the group after her interaction with the truck driver, "no one wants to hear that story again."  She picked her unusually long fingernails.
"I've never heard it," Luke said.
"The LeVirs came, saw, and conquered," Bunny summarized.  "The end."
Colette took the book Luke was holding, turned to one of the last tablets, and gave it to Jan with a wink.  The color drained from Jan's face and she looked straight at Luke as if she'd never seen him before, but his presence was bad news.  The expression worried Luke.  Jan was acting more paranoid than usual.
Colette turned Luke away from Jan and pointed his attention to a bench across the way.  Two people sat on opposite sides of the bench, a teenaged girl and a middle-aged man, both looking out of place.
"They're new to LeVir Lake, too," she informed.  "Friends of the Padreses, like everyone who moves here.  That's why everyone was so surprised when your family showed up.  The girl is Missy, a runaway from Texas who ended up turning tricks in LA to survive.  The man is Terry Earl Blake, an unregistered sex offender."  Colette whispered in Luke's ear, "He lured little boys into his house with promises of candy and videotaped them as he forced them to touch him."  Luke balked.  Far too much information.  "Don't worry," Colette teased, "you're too old for him."
Terry Earl Blake caught Luke staring.  Luke quickly turned away, pretending he had been looking at a bouquet of black balloons.  Colette squeezed Luke's arm and led their little group away from the stone tablet booth.
As they walked, Luke kept sneaking glances at Colette.  She was so perfect it was unbelievable.  She overflowed with grace and charm, but she had a devilish streak he found irresistible.  And she could read Luke like a book, something he never thought he'd like, but since it was Colette doing it, he loved it.  Colette acted as if she owned the world, and everybody else agreed with her.  Luke wished people had that much esteem for him.
Luke peeked across the most perfect girl in the world to glimpse at Jan.  Her eyes were darting in every direction.  She was searching for an escape.  Luke didn't know why anyone wouldn't like Colette, but understanding filled his brain as he realized his friend was probably jealous of the LeVir.  Luke figured if he were a girl and had to compete with a breathtaking specimen like Colette, he'd be jealous, too.
On the other hand, Marc was acting just as edgy as his cousin.
When the five of them reached the line for the Ferris wheel, the people already waiting made way, letting Colette and her crew cut to the front.  Luke assumed the royal treatment was due to the fact that Colette's dad had paid for everything, but Jan and Marc's body language grew even more fretful.  When the ride operator saw Colette, he moved to stop the wheel, but Colette signaled that she wanted a little more time on the ground, and the wheel kept turning.
"So, Luke," Colette chatted, her hand resting on Luke's forearm, "what haven did you leave to come here?"
"Salem, Massachusetts," he answered, trying to sound suave.
"Salem," Bunny grinned.  "Nice trees.  I saw a couple of witch trials."
"Yeah, we used to see the re-enactments every year," Luke said.  Colette and Bunny exchanged glances, sharing an inside joke.
"Luke," Jan piped up, "it's time to go home.  Let's get your sister."  Jan backed away from the Ferris wheel, but Bunny grabbed her upper arm.
"Why are you always in such a hurry, Jan?" Bunny demanded.  "You should be enjoying yourself on this night of peace.  Luke is, so stop trying to ruin his fun."
Jan writhed to reclaim her arm from Bunny's grasp.  Bunny held her a moment longer, then released.  Jan rubbed her bicep.  Luke was about to ask Jan if she was okay, but Colette interrupted.  
"Why don't we let Luke decide for himself?" she suggested.  "Luke, do you want to go home,"--she shook her head with a cute pout--"or do you want to stay here a little while longer?"  She nodded so enthusiastically that her facial features were a blur.
Luke didn't want to leave.  He wanted to acquaint himself further with Colette.  But Jan was the only person in town who had made any attempt to befriend him.  He remembered the kiss from the previous night, but for the first time since it happened, he didn't blush.  It had only been one tiny kiss after all, and it didn't make them a couple.  Nevertheless, Jan was his friend and he wasn't going to ditch her, especially not for someone she so vehemently detested.
Colette sensed Luke's dilemma.  "At least stay to ride the Ferris wheel," she pleaded.
Luke looked at Jan, who was desperate to leave.  He looked at Marc, who seemed just as anxious as Bunny combed his hair with her lengthy fingernails.  Luke looked back at Colette, who gave him puppy dog eyes.  He could not say no to her eyes.  Luke returned his gaze to Jan, who already knew the answer.
"Let's at least ride the Ferris wheel," he said.  Jan slumped in defeat.
"Look, Jan," Colette proposed, "if you want to go, go.  I'll make sure Luke gets home."
"No," Jan and Marc yelped in unison.  Jan cleared her throat.  "I brought him here, and I'll bring him home."
Colette scorned, "You Padreses don't trust anyone."
Colette and Jan glared at each other.  Luke laughed to break the tension.  "I should be making sure the ladies get home safe," he said.
Colette hugged Luke's arm.  "You can walk me to my door anytime."
Jan grabbed his other arm, squeezing harder than she needed to.  "He came with me, he's taking me home."
"You have your cousin to walk with you," Colette argued.
"Hey," Bunny butted in, "Marc's mine tonight."  Marc's wide eyes relayed that he didn't like that comment one bit.
"Listen," Luke interrupted, albeit loving the female attention.  "Jan and I came together, and after the Ferris wheel, if she still wants to leave, then it's time to leave."
Jan accepted the decision by releasing Luke's arm, though she still regarded the Ferris wheel with jittery eyes.
"Jan," Bunny accused, "you really are a party pooper."  She flicked Jan's choker with a fingernail, creating a tiny tink sound.  Jan jumped and covered her neck, her eyes perfect circles.  Bunny giggled and hugged Marc, who looked like he desperately wanted the night to be over.  Luke wondered why Marc and Jan didn't just leave together, but he didn't want to suggest it lest he incite a rogue punch from one or both of them.
"Luke," Colette implored, "please ride the Ferris wheel with me.  I have this thing about heights."  Bunny snorted.
Luke looked to Jan.  "Is it okay if I ride with Colette?"
Jan pursed her lips.  The look on her face was not so much jealousy as it was protectiveness.  Luke could tell she really wanted to say no and haul him out of there, but instead she muttered, "It's your choice."
"If you don't want me to--"
"It's fine!" Jan shouted.  She flinched at her outburst and reeled herself in.
Luke looked at Colette.  "Okay," he said, accepting her invitation.  He tried to mask his delight.
The operator stopped the wheel and Colette pulled Luke into the open car.  "To the top, carnie!" Colette crowed.  The car started rocking.
"I thought you said you have a thing about heights," Luke recalled.
"Yes," Colette beamed, "I love them!"
Luke peeked down at Jan.  The moment Colette and Luke's car left the ground, she'd jumped out of the Ferris wheel line.  A tinge of guilt pecked his insides.
Colette kept her arm firmly looped through Luke's as they ascended.  "Isn't it a beautiful night?" she gushed.
The festival lights allowed few stars to show, but the radiant half moon shone bright.  "The moon's nice," Luke commented.
"I love the moon," Colette enthused.  "I guess since you and Jan are such good friends, you don't party much at night."
"Not at all."
"It's just as well.  There's not much to do in LeVir Lake night or day."
The car stopped at the top of the wheel.  Luke glanced over the side.  A miniature Jan strained to see through the bottom of his car.  Bunny waved at Jan as she pushed Marc into the newly vacant car on the ground.
"Let me ask you something," Colette said, bringing Luke's attention back to her.
"Shoot."
"Has Jan been in your attic yet?"
Luke's jaw dropped.  How could she possibly know that?  "She replaced some rotted floor boards.  She said it was to keep the rats out."
"Ah, yes, Jan's special rats.  So she's told you all about the R.O.U.S.'s that killed her father.  Did she mention they live off blood?"
"No, she didn't."
"Really?  That's how they did it."
"Did what?"
"Killed her father and a bunch of her family," Colette revealed, surprised Jan had not disclosed that detail.  "Sucked them dry.  Their bodies were found after the big storm lying at the edge of the woods.  That's why she hates going in there.  Everyone's always saying it was the storm that killed Jan's family and the bloodless bodies were just a tragic feature, but do you want to know what I think actually did it?"
"What?"
Colette whispered in his ear, "Vampires."
Luke laughed.  "You don't actually believe in vampires, do you?"
"I believe in all kinds of things.  I think it is so sad when shadows in the dark don't scare children anymore.  It means they've lost their innocence."
The wheel started again.
"Then my youngest sister is one hell of an innocent," Luke said.  "Everything scares her."
"Promise me you'll never tell her the big secret," Colette insisted.
"What's the big secret?"
"That Santa isn't real."
Luke gasped in fake shock.  "What do you mean Santa isn't real?" He trembled his chin, pretending he was about to break down into distraught sobs.
Colette hugged Luke's head to her chest and stroked his hair.  "Ah, poor baby."  Even though she wore gloves, her touch exhilarated him, causing all of the hair on his body to stand up at the roots.  They passed ground level in that position.  Luke heard Jan cry out in real distress.
"I knew it the moment I saw you," Colette said, distracting Luke from Jan.  He didn't know what to make of that comment.  
"What?"
She lifted his face to look at hers.  Her eyes, though still beguiling, did not seem as black as they had earlier.  Maybe because they were nearing the top of the Ferris wheel again and were above the florescence of the festival lights.  "You're special."
Luke's heart leapt out of his chest and circled the moon.  He couldn't stop grinning.  Colette rested her head on his shoulder, and he leaned his cheek upon her head.  He smiled.  They lounged contently in that position until the ride ended.  When the time eventually came to leave the car, Luke offered his hand to assist Colette.  She accepted it and didn't let go.
They ambled to where Jan sat on a tabletop, looking wrecked.  Her appearance plucked Luke out of his euphoric clouds.  Not wanting to upset her any further, he maneuvered his hand out of Colette's.  Colette pouted.
"Are you all right, Jan?" Luke asked.
Jan presented a weak smile.  "Now I am."
"Good," Colette cheered, reclaiming Luke's hand.  "Now Luke can stay longer."
Jan snatched Luke's free wrist.  "I'm not that okay.  Luke, I really want to go home.  Now."
Luke looked at Colette.  He felt a dynamic pull in his chest and arms to stay with her, but the right thing to do would be to honor Jan's wishes.  Though it was difficult, he once again slipped his hand out of Colette's grip.  "Okay, Jan.  Let's get Lara."
"Leaving already?" Bunny spurred as she and Marc appeared behind them.  Marc looked sick to his stomach, and his complexion was devoid of all color, as if he'd encountered his greatest fear at the top of the Ferris wheel.  He must have had a thing about heights, too.
"I'm not feeling well," Jan said.  She conducted Luke away from Colette.
"I have an idea," Colette announced.  "Why don't we find Lara together and prolong the fun?"
"Great idea!" Bunny seconded.
Colette and Bunny linked themselves to Luke, Jan, and Marc.  The five of them paraded in a line to the popular pavilion.

LARA DIPPED her finger in her drink, stirring in the rum Jean had just poured into the soda.  Jean licked his lips as she brought her wet finger to his mouth.  He sucked the liquid off.  Stimulating pangs erupted in the pit of her stomach.  Even as the number of pale people around her multiplied, Lara saw no one but Jean.
Jean scrunched his nose.  "What is that bitter taste?" he inquired.
Lara yanked her finger away.  "Sorry.  Anti-nail biting polish.  I forgot I had it on."
Jean caressed Lara's hand.  "It's deliciously vile, isn't it?"  He kissed her fingertips, his beautiful eyes glancing at her lips.  Lara hoped he would kiss her.
Jan burst through the crowd, snatching Jean's attention from Lara.  Luke and Jean's beautiful brunette sister sauntered up behind her.  "Lara," Jan said, "we need to go."
"Why?" Lara demanded.  She was sick of Jan trying to order her around.  Who did she think she was?
"Jan's not feeling well," Luke reported.
"How is that my problem?"
"Lara," Luke pressured, "Mom's not going to like it if I show up home without you.  Who do you think will get in more trouble when I tell her exactly where you are?"
"I don't have a curfew in the summer," Lara challenged.  "Why would I get in trouble?"
"Because I have a bad ankle."  Luke illustrated his point by lifting his left foot like a lame dog.
Lara scowled.  "You were nursing the other foot this morning.  Besides, you have Jan."
Jan assisted Luke, "But if something happened again to his ankle, I don't think I could support Luke's whole body."
"I'd like to try," Colette inserted, placing her hand on Luke's chest.  Luke's face reddened and he smiled like a dork.
"There's nothing wrong with your damn foot," Lara yelled.  "Either of them."
"Mom doesn't think so," Luke reminded.  "Plus, I've got Jan's family to back me up."
Lara glowered.  She couldn't win.  "Fine."  She stomped to her feet.
Jean grabbed Lara's hand.  "Must you really go?"
Jan tugged Lara's arm.  "She must."
Lara snatched her arm from Jan and smiled down at Jean.  "I'll be waiting for that Mustang," she dallied.  Jean snapped his fingers, satisfying Lara's need for a response.  She succumbed to Jan's urging.



Chapter 8


LUKE HAD EXPECTED TO SLEEP SOUNDLY after his pleasant outing at the festival, but a strange dream kept him tossing and turning all night.
He dreamed his body was floating above a lake, and all around him were floating skeletons, their loose bones waving as if blown by a strong wind he couldn't feel.  Huge rats swarmed the banks, sucking the blood of the Padreses he had seen at the festival and outside his house.  Jan cowered in a shadowy corner, clutching her metal choker and sobbing hysterically, yet making no sound as if she'd been put on mute.  The rats morphed into the LeVirs Luke had met at the festival: Colette, Bunny, and Jean.  They were only the way he'd met them for a second as their faces continued to transform into those of primordial demons with huge fangs jutting from their mouths.  Vampires.  The LeVirs attacked Luke's family, who came out of nowhere, beginning with Lara as she tried to escape.  Luke could only stare in horror.  His body was paralyzed, suspended over the water.  The centerfold girl appeared above him, drifting over him, saying, "You're the one."  Her body sunk onto his, then into him, and the stinging odor of decomposition and blood filled his nostrils.  Luke screamed.
He woke up, his heart racing.  He was covered in a fine film of sweat.  Sunlight invaded his room.  He worked to calm himself as he looked at his clock.  9:45.  Jan would be gone.
The dream replayed in his mind.  It didn't scare him this time as dwelt on how strange it was.  He found himself focusing on Colette's beautiful face right before it grew grotesque and evil.  He wondered if Colette ever joined the kids in the desert.  He had never seen her walk past his house--he would have remembered her--but perhaps she lived on the other side of the town gate.
The banging returned.
Luke disappeared under his covers, the terror from a week ago flooding him.  Something pounded on his ceiling, but the noise was different than the horrible banging from the other night.  This noise wasn't as loud, and it was concentrated in the northwest corner and didn't move.
Luke lowered his covers.  A muffled, angry voice came from the ceiling right above him.  Whoever was in the attic stomped across the floor.  Feet struck the rungs on the long room ladder.  The person slammed the long room door shut, arrived at Luke's door, and banged on it furiously.
"Come in!" Luke quickly yelled.  He didn't want Lisa grounding him again.
His door flew open.  Jan entered, her face a bright, exasperated pink.  She slammed the door behind her.
"Were you just in the attic?" Luke asked, still in bed.
"Yes," Jan answered, fuming.  "Do you want to know what I found?"
"What?"
"This."  She revealed the two new floorboards she had installed the day after he met her.  Only the splintered ends remained.  Something had busted out the middles.
"Are those from the attic?" Luke asked.
"Yes.  They got in, Luke."  Jan paced, muttering to herself.  "All that crap about being invited in doesn't work when they build the house."
"Jan," Luke chose his words carefully, "are we talking about rats...or vampires?"
Jan stopped pacing.  She fixed her eyes on Luke.  "What do you think?" she asked.
"I'm never really sure," Luke admitted.  "Do you think vampires exist?"
"Do you?"
"Not until this morning," he joked.  Jan didn't laugh.  Luke explained, "I had a dream last night--"
Jan winced, looking like a kicked puppy.  "About vampires?" 
"Yes.  Colette was one.  So was Bunny."
"What about Jean?  Was he one?"
"The guy Lara was drooling all over last night?  Yeah.  And that girl we ran from the other night was there, too."
"Oh, no.  They got into your head."  Jan dropped the splintered boards and rushed Luke, jumping onto his bed.  "Let me see your neck."  She inspected him from ears to chest.  Luke had to admit that he only slightly minded her manhandling him.  "Take off your boxers."
"What?"  Luke lurched back, falling out of bed, his sheet shrouding him.  That was a demand too far.  While he was all for a hottie like Jan ripping his boxers off of him, her mental instability creeped the hooking-up mood right out of him.
"Now is not the time to be modest," Jan scolded.  "I need to see if they got you."  Jan circled the bed to where Luke was fighting to liberate himself from his sheet.  As soon as he was free, he leapt over the bed and away from Jan.
"Nobody got me, Jan.  Stop it.  You're freaking me out."
Jan huffed, staying on the other side of the bed.  "Fine," she negotiated, "if you don't want me to check, you do it.  Look around your groin for any bite marks.  Animal, bug, person, any mark."  She turned around.
Luke couldn't believe Jan was serious, but he had learned to humor her.  "All right, I'm checking."  He went into his bathroom, closing Jan out.  He dropped his boxers and spread his legs.  No strange marks.
Jan peeked into the room, looking into the mirror at his reflection.  "Well?"
Luke yanked his boxers up so fast he gave himself a wedgie.  "Jan!  What are you doing?" he yelled.
"Were there any marks?"
"No!"
"Are you sure?  You can't see down there.  I'd better check."  She reached for his boxers, but he pushed her out of the bathroom.  Jan yipped and shielded her upper arm.  Discoloration peeked out from under her short sleeve.
Luke instantly regretted touching her.  "I'm sorry, Jan."
He approached her, but she backed away.  "It's nothing," she insisted.
"Let me see," he ordered.
Jan paused, allowing Luke to come within arms reach.  Luke lifted her sleeve.  A hand-shaped bruise covered most of Jan's upper arm.
"Is that where Bunny grabbed you last night?"
"It's fine."  Jan continued to back up.  "She doesn't know her own strength."
Luke suddenly remembered what time it was.  He checked his clock, making sure he had seen the correct time earlier.  It was 9:49.
"Jan, why aren't you gone?  You always leave town at eight and don't come back until noon."
Jan hung her head.  "I was hoping you hadn't noticed."
Luke arched his eyebrow.  How could he not have noticed?  A large flock of children trekking through town twice a day was sure to attract attention.
"That's when we train," Jan said.
"Train?"
Jan sat on Luke's bed.  She indicated for him to sit next to her.  He was apprehensive about getting too close to her in case she lashed out again, but he sat.  "Have you ever seen Buffy, the Vampire Slayer?" she asked.
What kind of question was that?  "Sure."
"Well, there is no such thing as a slayer born every generation to protect us.  We have to protect ourselves."
"From what?"
"You know."
Luke shook his head.
Jan mirrored him for a second, her eyes wide at his denial.  When she spoke, she used an obvious tone.  "Vampires."
Luke laughed, "You can't be serious."
"It's not funny.  I've trained to fight against them every day for twelve years.  All the Padres children go every morning to the desert, where we can't be ambushed."
"By vampires," Luke derided.
"Luke, you have to believe me," she begged.
"Fine."  Luke stifled his amusement.  "So, what are these vampires like?  They can't go in the sun, right?  That's why you train at eight in the morning in the middle of the desert: the sun is out.  They're afraid of crosses and garlic--that's why you had garlic in your pocket when you fixed the attic floor," Luke realized.
"This isn't some Anne Rice novel!" Jan shrieked suddenly.  Her entire body trembled and she was on the brink of tears.  "You have to believe me."
Jan's watery eyes made Luke feel like a jerk.  He hadn't meant to hurt her feelings, but the things she was telling him were ridiculous.
Luke remembered the pointed wooden shaft with the crucifix carved into one end he had seen in Jan's room.  It was a stake.  An actual stake to defend herself against vampires.  Jan actually believed vampires were stalking the town, ready to pounce at any second.  What had he gotten himself into?
As Luke tried to understand of the extent of Jan's delirium, he stumbled upon a connection.  "Colette told me last night she believes in vampires."
"Of course she does.  She lives with them."  A tear slipped down Jan's cheek.
The dishonor of making a girl cry pummeled Luke.  He tried to put his arm around Jan, but she leaned away.  "I'm sorry," Luke said.  "I didn't mean to laugh at you, but you have to admit it is far-fetched.  How do you expect me to believe that vampires--a mythical species--infest this forgotten place that isn't even on any maps?"
Jan shook her head.  "This place isn't forgotten.  Nobody ever knew it existed."  Jan slammed both fists onto Luke's bed, startling Luke into jumping away.  "I hate this!" she vented.  "People leave my life.  They don't come into it.  You have no idea what your coming here has done.  Everyone is nervous, even the LeVirs."  Jan sucked in a deep, shaky breath, but it failed to compose her.  "I don't know how to explain this to you any clearer," she shouted.  "Vampires exist.  They are real.  They hunt humans and drink their blood.  Sometimes, they turn their victims into vampires like them.  I don't know how, and I don't want to find out.  I didn't even want to meet you.  All I want is to live a normal freaking life."
Jan stamped across the floor.  She pounded the walls and furniture.  As she exploded, she tugged on her choker.  Luke moved to stop her, but she swung at him.  He yielded, preferring her to take out her fury on his bedroom rather than him.  He already knew what pain she was willing to inflict upon him.
Jan concluded her tornado of rage and collapsed into Luke.  He caught her awkwardly, her chest against his stomach and her knees bowing toward the floor.  She was limp, too overwrought to move anymore.  Luke dragged her onto his bed, where she laid on her stomach and cried.
Someone knocked on Luke's door.  "Luke?" Lisa stuck her head into his room.  "Is everything okay in here?"
Luke looked at Jan.  He asked Lisa, "Can you bring us a glass of water?"  Lisa nodded and hurried to the hall bathroom.  Luke and Jan remained in his bedroom.  The only sounds were Jan's muffled snuffles.
Lisa returned with a glass of water.  Luke rubbed Jan's back as Lisa knelt by the side of the bed.  She looked pointedly at Luke's boxers before asking him in the quietest whisper, "What did you do?"
An inferno of indignation erupted in Luke's brain at his mother accusing him of making Jan cry--even though he was the one who made her cry--but he remained cool and only responded with a shake of his head.
Lisa whispered, "Did she spend the night?"
Again, Luke only shook his head.  He could see how the situation looked to his mother, what with Jan sobbing on his bed and Luke wearing only boxers, but he knew he hadn't broken any of Lisa's rules, and if she tried to ground him later, he would deal with it then.  Until then, he was only concerned with keeping his composure to keep Jan calm.
Lisa let it go for the moment.  "Jan, honey," she asked, "do you want me to get your mom?"  Jan distinctly shook her head no.  Lisa tried another approach.  "Are you hungry?  I'll make you an omelet.  Do you want anything in it?"
Jan's only answer was her shoulders quaking.
Lisa looked at Luke for answers.  Luke avoided his mother's gaze by focusing on Jan's sad figure.  Lisa gave up, gave Luke the glass of water, and left the room, leaving the door ajar.  Luke continued to rub Jan's back.
She turned over.  The intensity of her grief startled Luke.  He hardly recognized her tear-streaked face.  He wiped back the hair that stuck to her wet face, though several matted strands refused to desert her anguished cheek.
Jan wrapped her arms around Luke's neck, clutching him.  He hugged her back.  Even after Lisa called them to come eat, they stayed there, holding each other.



Chapter 9


LISA RELEASED A SIGH OF RELIEF when Luke and Jan entered the dining room.  She had kept their omelets on a warm plate over the stove.  Jan accepted the food politely.  She said a prayer and ate.
Luke was glad to see Jan behaving like a normal person.  She even managed a small smile when Lisa asked if she had cooked the eggs to Jan's liking.
Lisa kept a watchful eye on Jan as she tidied up the kitchen, prolonging her movements.  She wiped down the kitchen sink at least three times, and she probably would have done it again had Lucy not called for her to go out to the backyard.  She directed Luke to put the dirty dishes in the dishwasher before finally leaving her son and his troubled friend alone.
Luke finished his breakfast and sat back.  He was pleased that Lisa had decided on making omelets that morning.  It was one of the few things she knew how to cook well.  She'd probably chosen it on purpose, afraid a bad breakfast might send Jan into another meltdown.  Despite the food being not only edible but tasty, Jan had barely made a dent in her omelet.  Luke offered a concerned smile.
"I'm all right, now," Jan said.  "Joaquin warned you that Padres women go off on tangents.  If I ever do that again, just ignore me."
Luke didn't know how he could possibly ignore something like that.  "So everything's cool now?"
Jan swallowed a tiny slice of omelet.  "Right now, yes.  It's daylight.  Very few vampires have tolerance to the sun."
Luke slumped.  They were right back to where they had started.  But in lieu of sparking another outburst, Luke feigned interest.  "What about crosses and garlic and all that stuff?" he asked.
"Well," Jan answered, pleased by Luke's seemingly sincere question, "don't write all that stuff off just yet.  Most vampires can tolerate objects like crucifixes and garlic, but the lower they are on the hierarchical ladder, the weaker their tolerances are to basic human things, and they need more blood to survive.  Vampires like that don't live in LeVir Lake.  They usually reside in big cities where people don't notice missing hobos.
"The LeVirs, however, are very close to the source.  Many of them are second- or third-generation.  That's why we have to train so hard to protect ourselves against them.  Second-generations are so strong they can even venture in sunlight--with protection, of course."
Of course, Luke's mind concurred sarcastically.  "Why don't you just leave LeVir Lake?" Luke proposed.
Jan poked at her omelet.  "We need to stay here to maintain a balance.  If the Padreses left, this town would become a vampire breeding ground, and they would make strong vampires.  The Padreses keep an eye on the higher generations and prevent them from generating offspring.  Therefore, we only have to deal with the creation of lower generations in other places, which can't go out in the day, can't create vampires as easily as their creators do, and can be exterminated easier."
"Well," Luke asked, "if you guys won't leave, why don't they?"
"Because the source is here."
Luke imagined some sort of mystical floating blob out of which bloodsuckers magically dropped.  "Why don't you destroy the source?" he asked.
"We can't."
"Why not?"
"Because we have a truce with the LeVirs."
Luke paused.  A truce between vampires and humans?  The concept was like something out of a bad horror novel.  "But if there's a truce, why can't you leave?"
"Because if we're not here, the LeVirs won't honor the truce."
"Then why should the Padreses?"
"Luke," Jan rebuked, "we're not like them.  We perform God's will on Earth.  For the last seven years, God has smiled on our plight.  We can't sacrifice His protection for retaliation.  Besides," Jan looked down, "they're stronger than us.  Padreses have trained against them for ages, and we've yet to launch a successful raid.  We've not yet attained the aptitude of the Order of the Slayers," she added musingly.
"Then why doesn't the Order of the Slayers destroy the source?"
"They died off four hundred years ago."
Luke nodded.  "I'm beginning to understand," he said.  Just how crazy you are, he added to himself.
Jan almost smiled.  "I'm a walking encyclopedia of vampire lore.  You can ask me anything."
"Why is your bed all black?"
Jan's breath caught.  She had not expected Luke to ask a question about her.  "So the nightmares won't find me," she answered quietly.  She looked away.  "I don't want to talk about me."
"What do you want to talk about?"
Jan blushed, and Luke knew exactly what she was thinking.  The kiss he'd given her the other night enveloped her mind.  Her face turned red as she stared at her barely eaten omelet.  He looked at her lips.
A scream exploded from upstairs.
Luke and Jan jumped up from the table as Lara zipped past the dining room, shrieking.  They chased her outside, where they stopped dead in their tracks.
A brand new Mustang convertible sat in the driveway.  Jean knelt by the car, lifting his sunglasses just enough to illustrate that the dark blue of the paint was the exact color of his eyes.
Lara jumped into his arms.  Still in her nightshirt, she flashed her underwear to anyone who cared to look.  Luke covered his eyes, but the vision haunted him and his stomach threatened to upchuck his omelet.  He quickly summoned a pleasant thought, which turned out to be Colette's endearing smirk, and he was able to keep his breakfast down.  When he looked back at his sister, she was pawing the exterior of the Mustang, squealing as she verified its reality.  Jean opened the driver's door for her.  She hopped in and clapped giddily when she saw the keys in the ignition.  Lara started the car, cackling as the Mustang purred to life.  Jean pointed out the accessories, including the DVD player and killer sound system.
Jan touched Luke's arm as she observed Jean interact with Lara.  Jan's face was fraught with agitation.  Luke wasn't sure why, but he shared Jan's unease.
"So, baby," Jean addressed Lara, "you want to take it for a spin?"
Lara jumped out of the car and embraced Jean.  She shrilled that she'd be back in a jiffy and raced into the house.
Once Lara was out of sight, Jean's smile shifted from an affable grin to a menacing sneer as his smooth hand glided along the smooth exterior of Lara's dream car.  He fixed his gaze on Jan, lifting his sunglasses so his eyes stared straight into the Padres's.
Jan's fingers coiled around Luke's arm.  They compressed into his skin, squeezing with unbearable pressure.  Luke tried to pull away, but her grip was too secure.  Jean's stare seemed to have put Jan under a spell, and her body was begging Luke to snap her out of it.
Luke stepped between them, turning to face Jan.  Jan shook her head, liberated from Jean's hypnotism.  She sighed gratefully, but then she realized Luke had turned his back on Jean and her eyes bulged.  She spun Luke around.
Jean stood mere inches away from Luke, a strange sheen across his pallid face.  Luke had no idea how Jean had gotten so close so fast, but he wanted the rich boy to back up.  Jean stepped closer.
Lara bounded out of the house, dressed to kill.  She leapt into the driver's seat and called Jean to join her.  She beeped the horn, following the bleat with a string of high-pitched giggles.  Jean winked at Luke and returned to the car.
"Lara," Jan called, "are you sure it's a good idea to go joyriding with someone you don't know?"
"Jan," Lara replied, "I hardly think you need to fuss over me.  I'm a big girl.  I can take care of myself.  Plus, I would trust Jean with my life."  Lara seemed surprised by her latter comment, but she didn't take it back.
Jean leered at Jan from the passenger seat as Lara tore out of the driveway and toward the town entrance.  The gate was open, and Lara spun out of town.  Luke heard the car's stereo booming as his sister raced into the desert.
Jan smacked Luke's arm.  "Why didn't you stop her?"  She stomped toward her house.
"Yeah, right," Luke said as he followed Jan.  "Like Lara would listen to me.  What should I have done?  Told her her road-tripping buddy is actually a vampire?  She would have left twice as fast."
Jan rubbed her forehead.  "Why did you have to come here?" 
Luke swelled with frustration.  He suddenly didn't care about keeping his cool anymore.  He stopped following Jan.  "Oh," he hollered, "I'm sorry I came here, too.  I'm sorry I ever met you.  And I'm so sorry that my father had the audacity to die.  How dare he?  He must not have realized his family would end up in this shitty town."
Right after Luke mentioned his father, he wished he hadn't.  A blinding light invaded his vision, and it brought a flood of guilt with it.  He forced his eyes into a hard blink, and when he reopened them, Jan was coming at him so quickly he flinched.
"Are you completely dense?" she yelled right into his face.  "What compelled you to turn your back on a vampire?"
"Maybe it had something to do with the circulation being cut off in my arm.  Not to mention the fact that vampires do not exist!"
Luke braced himself, expecting Jan to hit him, but she stepped back.  She took a deep breath to calm herself, despite the fact that Luke's cynicism obviously struck a central nerve.
"Jean is a second-generation," Jan explained, her voice quivering with vexation.  "He is as dangerous as they come.  He can behave so much like a human he could fool even the most trained slayer."
"You know what, Buffy?" Luke spat.  "You keep talking all this mumbo jumbo, but it doesn't make any sense.  Even if he is a vampire, what does it matter what generation he is?"
Jan glanced at her house, but decided against storming away again.  She glared at Luke through slitted eyes.  "A second-generation comes straight from the source.  A third-generation comes from a second-generation.  Do you get that?"
"This source is really starting to piss me off.  How about I go destroy it for you since no one in your family has the guts?  How hard can it possibly be?"
Jan huffed through her nostrils, looking like a bull seeing red.  "The source is the very first vampire," she said.  "No one knows how she came to be, but we know she lives because vampires do exist.  All vampire blood is connected to her, the Queen."  So much for Luke's floating blob theory.  "If she were destroyed, every other vampire in the world would perish.  Her blood is the only thing sustaining their existence.  My family has hunted her for generations, but all attempts on her existence have failed with heinous casualties.  My father led the last raid on her lair.  That's when he and so many more died, and we had to make a truce with the LeVirs so they wouldn't kill any more of us.  Do not try to gain sympathy from me, because no matter how unexpectedly your father died, yours cannot even compare to the loss encountered when they murdered mine."
Jan whipped around, her long hair slapping Luke across the face.  She marched into her house, slamming the door behind her.
Luke stood between the two houses, dumbfounded.  He had gotten into yet another fight with Jan.  He had only met the girl a week ago!
He clenched his fists, his fingers digging into his palms.  She had no right to talk about his father.  She thought her father had died hunting vampires, for crying out loud.  Luke didn't care how many times Jan appeared in his house, or how beguiling her lips were.  He officially did not like her.
He set himself to storm into his own house and slam the door in reciprocation, but a perplexing feeling restrained him.  Luke turned toward Prudence Boulevard.
Colette stood at the curb of his yard.  "Hello, stranger," her voice floated to him.  Luke's mood lightened immediately.
Colette looked awesome.  Her low-cut jeans flaunted her impeccably flat tummy.  The denim clung to her thighs like a second skin.  Lacy black gloves concealed her elegant hands.  Her sexy gold-flecked halter top showed off her radiant tan.  And of course, she was smirking in her adorable way.  She was a gorgeous golden goddess.  She was perfect.
"What are you doing?" she asked, a tiny chuckle embellishing the question.
Luke realized that while he dealt with Jan's breakdown that morning, he had completely forgotten to put on clothes.  He stood in his front yard wearing nothing but boxers.
"I...uh..."  He was lost for an explanation that didn't include Jan, who he was not up to discussing.  "I don't know."
Colette giggled.  She approached engagingly, her hands on her hips, which rocked backed and forth as if she were a courtesan dancing for the delight of a king.  "What do you say you put some pants on and we go for a walk?  I can show you the sights."  She stroked his forearm with her lace-covered index finger, giving him goosebumps all over.
A date with Colette?  Hell, yes!  "Sure," he squeaked, unable to muster suaveness through his excitement.  "I'll be right back."
"I'll be waiting," she purred.
Colette's voice made Luke feel drunk.  He staggered inside his house to get dressed.  As he pulled on cargo shorts that showed off his newly sunkissed legs, Luke realized he should have invited Colette inside.  That's what a gentleman would have done.  Luke peeked out his bedroom window.  Colette lay on his lawn, her eyes closed and her arms extended, basking in the sun's beams, a dreamy smile brightening her beautiful face.  Luke let himself off the hook.
A few minutes later, Luke emerged from the house in his finest casual outfit.  He helped Colette up, and she hooked her arm through his and led him down Prudence Boulevard.
Luke didn't know why, but he found himself glancing back at Jan's house.  He thought he saw Jan watching him from a side window, but it turned out only to be the reflection of a morning glory.



Chapter 10


LEVIR LAKE DIDN'T HOLD MUCH.  Stately houses lined Prudence Boulevard, as well as the beginning and end of LeVir Lake Avenue.  The middle of the town contained the park and the square.  Unless Luke counted the woods and the desert--which he didn't--that was it to the town.
Since Colette was the mayor's daughter, she had free access to every government building in the square.  She showed Luke the vacant schoolhouse, which resembled a Puritan courthouse more than a school.  It was only one large room, but considering the number of children that lived in LeVir Lake, any more would have been wasteful.
Next, Colette gave Luke a tour of the town hall: a stately mansion complete with a wraparound veranda and Doric columns.  It looked like a Southern plantation house, minus the plantation.
Throughout the tour, Colette introduced Luke to each town official they encountered (though Colette said most workers were "home sick" due to the late night festivities).  The officials were keen to make Luke's acquaintance--especially the school principal, an attractive woman in her early thirties who insisted Luke call her Irene.  She exhibited her shapely body in a tight pencil skirt and low-cut blouse.  Luke wished his former English teacher had dressed like that.  His friends wouldn't have thrown anything at her but wanting looks.
"What grade are you in?" Irene asked, poorly disguising a European accent.  Luke wondered how she had come to LeVir Lake.
"I'm about to be a junior," he answered, "but I guess it doesn't matter much with a one-room schoolhouse."
"The schoolhouse is mainly for show for our visitors," Colette explained.  "I have private tutors, and the Padreses are all homeschooled by their totalitarian parents."
"What about the LeVir kids?"
Irene tossed Colette a mischievous glance and left, obliging Colette to field Luke's question.
"I'm the youngest LeVir," Colette revealed.  "Next to me is Jean.  He's twenty-two."
"What about kids that aren't LeVirs or Padreses?"
Colette's adorable smirk returned, causing a smile to form on Luke's face as well.  "There's Missy the runaway," Colette said, "but she's a dropout.  Other than your family, there are no other kids in LeVir Lake.  Do you have your driver's license?" Colette changed the subject without the slightest alteration to her tone.
"I'm not sixteen yet," Luke groaned.
Colette leaned toward him as if she knew a secret.  "That doesn't matter."
"What do you mean?"
"Since LeVir Lake is so isolated, we're able to...bend the rules."
Colette ushered Luke to the empty DMV office, which doubled as a storage area for a bunch of broken furniture made of the strange white wood.  Colette hopped onto a high desk, grabbed an application from behind it, and started filling it out.
"Name: Luke Arthur Wright.  Right?"
Luke straightened with surprise.  How in the world had she known his middle name?  "Arthur.  Yeah."
"Date of birth: July 31--"
"How do you know my birthday?"
"You told me."
Luke didn't remember telling her his birthday.  Or his middle name.  He was almost certain he hadn't, but how else could she have known?
Luke placed his hand over Colette's pen.  "You know what," he said.  "I can wait.  I've always looked forward to taking my driver's test on my sixteenth birthday...and making a higher grade than Lara."
Colette smiled, the expression containing a completely different subtext than her go-to playful smirk.  Luke liked that smile even better.  "You're more honest than I was," Colette said.  "I'm proud of you."
Luke blushed, turning to stare at a chair missing one of its legs so she couldn't see his redness.  After a calming moment, he glanced back and saw her still smiling at him.  His heart fluttered.
Colette reached out her arms for Luke to assist her off the desk.  He held her waist and lowered her to the floor.  She felt like she weighed nothing at all.  Her feet landed on the ground, making no sound.  Her hands lingered on Luke's shoulders.  He let them.
They finished the tour of the town hall, and then Colette directed Luke to the only restaurant in town: a retro diner.  Colette had plans to meet a couple of people there, but she insisted Luke tag along, saying it was her treat.  After all, she ate there for free.
The diner was darker than any Luke had ever seen.  The same red and black color scheme that spread through most of the first floor of his house dominated the walls and tables.  All of the black window blinds were down, and the subdued overhead lights barely contributed to remedying the dimness.  Only one server was on duty, a pretty but severe-looking girl named Cherie.  She treated Colette with immense respect, smiling graciously and making small talk.  Addressing Luke, however, Cherie looked as if she wanted to bite his head off.
Colette claimed a fitted purple blazer from a coat rack, covering her halter top with a layer of sophisticated class.  Cherie guided Colette and Luke to the only occupied table in the diner.  There, two people awaited Colette.  The man was a quintessential nerd, complete with thick lenses in his wire-rimmed glasses and a pocket protector, while the woman was Latina, cascades of black curls swirling around her shoulders.  They were a pudgy pair, but contented in each other's company.
"Luke," Colette introduced, "this is Christopher Newton and his fiancée, Nina Martinez.  Before your family moved here, they were the newest residents of LeVir Lake."
They all shook hands and sat.
"It's an honor eating with you, Colette," Christopher enthused.
"We've been dying to meet you," Nina said.
Colette laughed.  "Dying to?  How flattering.  I had planned to meet you both at the festival last night, but I didn't see you there."
"We couldn't make it," Nina said.  "We were kind of busy."  The look she and Christopher shared harbored no secrets.  Luke knew exactly what they had done last night to keep busy.  Judging by the smile plastered across Christopher's face, they had done it a couple of times.
Colette folded her hands and placed them on the table, getting down to business.  "Tell me how you two came to LeVir Lake."
"Nina's a realtor's assistant," Christopher said, "and we'd been looking for a summer house for after we get married.  She got a tip about a house here, so we got first dibs."
Nina added, "We were just renting it for the summer, but we like it here so much, we're thinking about making LeVir Lake our permanent home."  Luke remembered when he first arrived in LeVir Lake and thought anyone who'd want to settle down in the middle of nowhere was crazy, but after spending a few days there, he was beginning to understand the allure.  Meeting Colette definitely helped change his opinion.
"Wonderful," Colette said with a pleased grin.  "We love welcoming new citizens."
Luke thought about the welcome the Wrights had gotten.  Or rather, the lack thereof.
Colette continued, "I hope there won't be too big a transition with your careers and all."
"No," Christopher said.  "We love the isolation.  I'm an independent software developer, or at least I'm trying to be, and I do most of my work from home.  And after we're married, Nina's going to be a stay-at-home mom."
"Are you pregnant?"  The instant Luke said it, he regretted it.  He hoped Nina didn't take his comment as Luke calling her fat.
No luck.  Nina frowned and glanced self-consciously at her belly.
Christopher clasped her hand between his and answered for her.  "Not yet, but we're working on it."  Nina's grin returned.  The thought of more intimacy with Christopher took her mind off her insecurities.
Colette nudged Luke.  "I know what you meant," she winked.  She turned back to the couple.  "Will we be seeing a lot of family or friends visiting?"
The soon-to-be-marrieds exchanged a solemn glance.
"Did I hit a tender area?" Colette asked, but something in her tone told Luke she already knew their answer.
Nina took the initiative.  "My family is very traditional.  All my life, they've been driving me to marry someone from our community, our heritage.  As I got older, the pressure to marry mounted until I couldn't take it anymore, so I left home and moved to San Diego.  That's where I met Christopher."
"In a cyber café," Christopher reminisced.
"When we got engaged, my family disowned me, so no, they won't be visiting at all."
"I'm sorry to hear that," Colette said.  "Chris, what about your family?"
"I don't have anyone but Nina."  Christopher and Nina nuzzled.
Luke admired their connection, a sentimental smile sneaking across his mouth.  It wasn't like he was about to go out and replace all of his action movies with romantic comedies, but seeing two people in love made his heart happy.  Colette nudged him again.  She was smiling exactly like he was.
Shortly after lunch arrived, Colette announced she had to leave.  Christopher and Nina protested as Colette pulled Luke toward the exit.  "I'll see you both again very soon," Colette promised.
Luke held the door open for Colette.  She hesitated before going through.
"My, that is refreshing," she said as she stepped out of the dark diner into the dazzling sunlight.  Luke longed for his lost sunglasses.  "I don't think any man in LeVir Lake has thought to open the door for a lady in decades.  Especially not the Padres boys.  They probably don't even know the definition of chivalry."
"You can thank my mom for the manners," Luke said, evoking the thousands of little instructions Lisa had entrenched in him throughout his childhood.
"And who do I thank for the looks?" Colette flirted.  
Despite the cheesiness of her comment, Luke felt his face redden.  He glanced back at the diner.  "They were very honored to meet you."
"I'm the LeVir Lake Welcome Wagon," Colette said with a cute curtsy.  "I have lunch with everyone who moves here to find out who they are and why they came here.  My family just wants to make sure people will be happy here."
"When is my family going to have lunch with you?"
"You would have already if we'd known you were coming.  I was out of town until last night."
Luke huffed.  He was getting tired of people saying the Wrights had arrived unannounced.  It wasn't his fault.
Colette backtracked, "Christopher and Nina don't know I'm only sixteen.  They think I'm much, much older.  Like twenty-five.  I pull it off well, don't you think?"  She smoothed the classy purple blazer she still wore.
"I think you could pull off older."  Luke sucked in his breath, wishing he could inhale his last comment before the sound arrived at Colette's ears.  Colette stopped walking.  Luke shifted a couple of steps away in case she possessed the same violent streak as Jan.
"How old do you think I look?" she asked.  He couldn't tell if she was offended or not.
"I just meant you're confident," Luke corrected himself.  He turned away, stopping himself from adding anything more.  Colette eyed Luke, but she didn't obsess.  She did, however, take off her blazer and drape it over one arm.
They strolled to the center of the square.  "That's about it for the sightseeing," Colette said.  "There's the library," she pointed to a crumbling shack beside the schoolhouse, "but it isn't worth touring."
Luke skimmed the square.  A library, a diner, a town hall, and a schoolhouse.  "This is it?  Isn't there a general store, a Mom & Pop's, or something?  Do you have to go out of town to shop for everything?"
"You don't even have to leave town.  Twice a month, a grocery truck delivers the town's food and supplies.  Your family can place an order with Raoul Padres in the town hall.  Remember I showed you his office?  The one with the really big windows?"
"How much does that usually cost?"
"The town pays for it."
"How?"  Luke browsed the square again as he and Colette crossed LeVir Lake Avenue and entered the park.  "No offense, but this is no tourist trap.  Where's your source of commerce?  How do you afford a bi-monthly grocery truck?"  Luke felt smart for asking such cerebral questions.  He reminded himself of Lara during her genius moments.
"The same way Jean could get a custom convertible overnight," Colette answered.  "We LeVirs have a way of getting what we want."
She smirked and purposely walked into Luke.  He smiled, but his contemplation of LeVir Lake's economics continued to weigh on his mind.
"Okay," Colette gave in, "my family is filthy stinking rich and pays for everything the town needs.  So sue me."
"What are they rich from?"
Colette shrugged.  "I don't know, but for as long as I've been here, my dad has always financially supported LeVir Lake."
Luke didn't believe her story.  No one was rich enough to sustain an entire town without some source of income.  The mayor had to be operating some sort of drug trafficking ring or underground slave trade.
"You don't even have a bowling alley or a movie theatre," Luke scrutinized.
Colette clasped her hands behind her back.  "We don't need one.  Mostly, everyone entertains themselves."  She puckered her lips and looked haughtily skyward.  "The Padreses have their own special routines."
"Training in the desert?" Luke asked.
Colette smirked.  "You found out about that, huh?"
"What do they do out there?"
"I don't know.  They've never invited me along.  I've heard it's some kind of exercise regimen to sharpen the minds and bodies or some B.S. like that."
"Jan said they train to fight vampires."  Yet again, Luke wished he hadn't said his latest remark.  He didn't want to talk about vampires ever again.  Or Jan, for that matter.
Colette laughed aloud at the absent Padres.  "Jan finally told you about the vampires," she snickered.  "It's silly, I think.  I mean, I'm sure vampires exist in some form, but not in any way Jan seems to think.  Even if they did, they have so many restrictions that it's ludicrous to be afraid of them.  You know, they can only come out at night and they have to be invited inside.  And there are always crucifixes, garlic, and holy water.  Jan can preach and preach all she wants about vampires, but I don't feel any threat from them.
"Anyway, no matter what Jan says to justify the Padres kids leaving town every morning, as far as I know, they're not training to slay vampires.  That's Jan's exclusive delusion."
Colette seemed confident in her belief, so Luke took her word as truth.  He felt a tinge of relief that Jan's entire family wasn't crazy.  Just weird and God-centric.
The reminder of the Padres' overzealous devotion to God raised an intriguing question in Luke's mind.  "Where's the church?"
Colette stopped walking.  "The what?"
"The church," Luke repeated.  "The Padreses are the most fanatical Christians I've ever met.  Where's their church?"
"They worship privately.  Do you want to make a wish?" Colette asked unexpectedly.
Luke realized he was standing next to a well in the middle of the park.  His incessant questions had distracted him from noticing where Colette was leading him.
He surveyed the park.  If he hadn't actually been at the festival last night, he wouldn't have believed there were rides and booths and light posts all over the place just a few hours earlier.  Everything was gone.  Not a speck of litter spoiled the lush, placid grass--not even a tree or bush.  The only remaining landmarks were a couple of walking paths, scattered benches, and the well.
Colette handed Luke a penny.  "Make a wish."
Luke checked the year on the penny, which proved difficult since a stubborn spot marred most of Lincoln's portrait.  He scratched some of the gunk away and determined the minting year to be the same as his birth year, rendering the penny lucky.  Luke flipped the coin into the well, but his wish escaped his mind as he watched the penny fall farther and farther down.  He kept watching even after the coin disappeared into darkness.  He listened for a splash, but it never came.
Luke peered down the well.  Far below, he thought he saw a light.
"A couple of years ago," Colette recounted, startling Luke out of the well, "a group of citizens petitioned to put a movie theater in this park.  They had the same questions as you about commerce, though I personally think they were just looking for a dark place to make out."
Luke's eyebrows lifted at her candor.  Colette didn't notice as she placed her hand over her eyes like a visor as a cloud passed over the sun.
"I'm really glad it was voted down," she continued.  "I love this park.  Some people complain we have enough nature from the woods and the desert, but neither is much to boast about.  The trees are so damn thick, and the desert is too hot.  I can't imagine why anyone would want to destroy this environment."  She looked directly at Luke.  "It's so perfect."  Colette placed her hands on Luke forearms and squeezed, emphasizing her feelings.  Luke gazed into her eyes.  The darkness from last night remained, but a twinkling buoyancy replaced the hollowness.  For a second, it reminded Luke of Jan's eyes.
Colette blinked and released her grip.
"Hey, do you want to see my house?" she asked.  "'The mayor's mansion.'  At the very least, it sounds important."
"Sure."
Colette put her hands on Luke's shoulders and turned him around.  His jaw plunged.
Right in front of him, a huge stone house loomed like a fort.  It towered over the town, a giant block constructed from the same glittering stone as the LeVir Lake wall.  Luke wondered how he had never noticed the monster of a house before.  The front doors Colette pulled Luke toward were at least twenty feet tall.  When Luke arrived at the front steps, he stared up the blank wall, which cut off suddenly as the white-blue sky insisted on occupying the rest of the airspace.  Colette tugged on an ornamental door handle spread over both doors, which looked like a mix between a wolf head and a crow head.  She hauled Luke inside before he could fully appreciate the spectacular view of the town square from the front steps.
The door closed on its own, the thud thundering through a vast, empty foyer.  Luke felt puny in the great space.  Every little sound echoed.  There were no windows to allow outside light, so hundreds of lit candles speckled the walls, illuminating the cavernous room and making it sweltering hot.  Luke started sweating the moment the front door shut.
Colette allowed Luke a minute more to marvel at her home before calling her parents.
The instant the word "Dad" left Colette's mouth, the awe of the mansion deserted Luke.  He panicked, scrambling to think of an excuse to leave, but it was too late.  A booming voice immobilized him.
"Colette!"
Luke's eyes shot to the top of a set of stairs camouflaged into the wall.  Two people appeared.  The man was monstrous, easily surpassing six-and-a-half feet in height.  The girth of his shoulders dwarfed the petite woman beside him.  Barely five feet tall, the woman's tiny, fragile limbs and wispy brown hair more floated than hung.  Her skin stretched mercilessly over her body, the thin flesh so taut over her cheeks Luke wondered if it produced a drum-like thunk when tapped, but she still possessed a lovely face from which Luke found it difficult to look away.  The duo descended the stairs.
"Mommy, Daddy," Colette said in a mature, almost business-like tone, "this is Luke Wright."
"Luke, my boy."  Colette's dad crossed the giant foyer in only a couple of steps and captured Luke's hand.  With his thick, white beard, he looked like a bulked-up Santa Claus in a politician's blue suit.  "It's a pleasure to meet you," his baritone voice resounded.  "Are you of voting age?"
"Dad," Colette objected.
Colette's gracious mother smiled at Luke.  "You must forgive my husband," she said with a slight foreign inflection that reminded Luke of Irene the school principal's accent.  "He's constantly campaigning."
Colette's father didn't pay his wife any mind.  "Andre LeVir," he introduced himself, "direct descendant of the LeVir Lake founders.  This is my wife, Chrissy."
"It's a pleasure, Luke."  Chrissy offered her hand.  Luke gripped it inelegantly, shaking it.  When he let go and saw her bemused face, he realized he was supposed to kiss it, not shake it.  Colette giggled.
"Luke's from Salem, Massachusetts," she announced as she handed her blazer to Chrissy.
"It's nice up there in the fall," Andre made conversation.
Luke nodded, terrified of Colette's Goliath father.  Thankfully, the next event on Colette's itinerary did not include her parents.  "I'm going to show Luke the garden."  She leaned into Luke.  "It's absolutely gorgeous.  You'll love it."
After a brief goodbye, Colette dragged Luke toward the back of the house.  Every door they passed was closed, and they all boasted the Moon and Sun motif that decorated the town wall; but due to the soft, interspersed candlelight that provided the only lighting in the house, Luke couldn't make out whether any other images accompanied the theme.  He wondered if the LeVirs, with their infinite wealth, had ever heard of electricity.
"This house was built in the early 1700s, before electricity or even natural gas lights," Colette seemed to answer Luke's thoughts.  "My father prefers it in its original state, just the way the ancient Padreses built it.  They were employed by us back then to build the town, and they've been bitter toward us ever since.  I don't know why.  It's not like we control their lives.  They can leave any time they want.  In fact, I wish they would.  LeVir Lake has a limited capacity, and with those Padreses breeding all over the place, they're swallowing up the space."  It was the first time Luke had heard anything but geniality in Colette's voice.
"I take it the LeVirs don't like the Padreses as much as the Padreses don't like the LeVirs," he said.
"I honestly try," Colette explained, "but it's hard with people like Jan thinking I'm the devil.  She truly hates my family, especially Jean and me.  She thinks we're evil incarnate.  One year at the annual festival, in front of the entire town, she accused Jean of being a vampire."
"Really?" Luke faked shock.
"Jan worries me.  If we had a mental institution anywhere near LeVir Lake, I'm sure she'd be in it.  She's so paranoid.  Well, you can't blame her for that.  All the Padreses are paranoid.  For instance, they're so terrified of going outside at night they only go out after dark once a year.  Why?"
"I couldn't tell you," Luke shammed.
Colette halted in the middle of the dark hallway.  She stared straight at Luke.  He slowed to an uncertain stop.  "Sure you could," Colette said.  "I know she's told you.  You could tell me exactly what they're afraid of."
Luke stepped back, touching the wall, grasping for a solid surface to keep him from disappearing into Colette's stare.  "Vampires?"
Colette smirked.  "Something more realistic."
Luke reached for the answer she wanted.  "You?"
"The LeVirs."  Colette resumed walking.  Luke followed.
He was about to ask why the Padreses still disliked the LeVirs so passionately, but Colette reached the exit to the garden before he could verbalize anything.  She cast open the double doors.
Sunlight overpowered Luke.  He had to cover his eyes with his hand against it.  He felt Colette leave his side.  From under his hand, Luke watched her fling out her arms and spin, soaking in the sun's radiance.
Colette yanked Luke's hand from his face, her lacy glove scuffing his palm.  She tugged him through the garden, pointing out the different species of flowers.  He had to squint to make out the differences between the petal colors.  Funny names leapt from Colette's mouth.  There were bluebells, blazingstars, mule ears, dandelions, nightshade, yellow violets, redmaids, clarkias, forget-me-nots, eveningsnow.  Luke's eyes finally accepted the light and he discovered the garden for himself.
It wasn't at all what Luke had expected.  The plants were indifferent and snarled, growing wild in every direction.  There was hardly even a clear path to walk on.  He couldn't help trampling the tiny white flowers that carpeted the ground.  Yet, as his eyes adjusted to the outdoor brilliance, he realized that, regardless of the disorder, an untamed beauty surrounded him, like that of a surreal collage.
Colette brought Luke to a bushel of flowers that reached up his leg.  Each flower held five pink petals rounding into a bowl.  The inside of the bowls contained five red spots that circled the stamens.
"Blood trickles," Colette identified.  "That's not their real name, but that's what I call them."
Luke scowled at the blossom.  Blood trickles.  What a wicked name.
"Luke?" Colette cooed.  "What are you thinking?"
"Nothing," Luke's words jumped out of his mouth.  He took a moment to get them back.  "This is a nice garden."
Colette set her hand on her hip, striking a sassy pose.  "A nice garden?  What do you really think?"
Luke browsed the flora, avoiding Colette's investigative eye.  He reached his hand out to touch one of the blood trickle's petals, but thought better of it, in case he might disrupt the designed chaos.  "It's...different."
"It's not what you expected," Colette put words into his mouth.
Luke pursed his lips against her telling him what to say, but he agreed with her assessment nonetheless.  "I was expecting rose bushes and tulips and stuff like that."
Colette groaned.  "I despise typical.  Everything here is native to this region.  Wildflowers.  No one ever has to take care of them and they still look beautiful."
"It is beautiful," Luke allowed.  He wanted to tell Colette that she was beautiful, more beautiful than any flower he'd ever seen, but he stopped himself, not wanting to come off as cheesy.
Colette perked.  "Do you want to see my favorite one?" 
Without waiting for Luke's response, she left the tiny path and pulled Luke through the plants.  Barbs leapt out and nicked his arms.  He tried to dodge the sneaky stickers, but he couldn't see them until after they'd cut him.
Colette reached the far end of the garden.  "Here it is."  She pointed to open white flowers with extended yellow stamens.  A strange, oniony aroma lifted from them, invading Luke's nostrils.  He tried to return Colette's smile, but the stench besieged his senses.
"What is that?" he begged, tears welling in his eyes.
"Death camas.  It's my favorite flower in the whole garden.  I love the smell."  Colette lowered her nose to the petals and sucked in a huge whiff.  
Luke's stomach turned.  He staggered.
"Luke?" Colette sounded far away.  "What's wrong?"
Luke stumbled away, but the death camas' scent stalked him.  Involuntary tears fell from Luke's eyes.  The tiny scratches on his arms itched.  He rubbed his arms against each other, but it provided no relief.
Colette caught up, her firm hands forcing Luke to stop.  He swayed against his nausea, his eyes rolling back into his head.
"Luke," she exclaimed like a little girl, "the plants got you!"
Colette snapped her fingers and a servant covered in thick black clothing appeared out of nowhere.  She carried an open black parasol and a stone tray balancing two glasses of water.  Colette poured the water from one glass over Luke's arms.  The cool liquid slid into the wounds, rinsing away his pain.  His breathing calmed.
"Does that feel better?" Colette asked.
"Yes, thank you," Luke sighed.
Colette offered him the other glass of water to drink.  After downing half of the refreshment in one gulp, he realized Colette didn't have any water for herself.  He offered her what remained in his glass.
"No, thank you.  I'm not thirsty."  Colette licked her lips and with a flick of her wrist dismissed the servant.  Colette placed her arm around Luke's shoulders and maneuvered him to sit on the ground.  He allowed the direction.  "These flowers have a taste for blood," Colette commented.
She caressed Luke's irritated arms.  Luke stared at her lacy fingers as they glided over his red-lined skin.  A rush of electricity formed in his stomach and swept through his limbs, exploding at the tips of his fingers and toes.  He glanced at Colette.  She was looking down, examining his arms, drawing her fingers over each cut.  Luke's eyes misted at her caring beauty, but he told himself it was leftover tears from the death camas attack.
Luke looked away from Colette so she wouldn't notice his still-damp eyes, and he caught sight of a snake slither around the Indian paintbrush right in front of them.  Luke's muscles snapped into action and he scuttled backward.  Colette looked at him, more entertained than concerned, but then she noticed what had startled him.  She giggled and scooped the serpent into her hands.
"It's just a little garter snake," she teased, stroking its long body.
"I know," Luke said in self-defense.  "It surprised me.  That's all."
"Poor little snake," Colette clucked.  She kissed its head.  The snake slipped between her slender fingers, searching for a way back to the ground.  Colette set it down, and it disappeared back behind the Indian paintbrush.  Colette looked at Luke, trying her best to screen her adorable smirk.  "Why did such a gentle little creature scare you?"
"It didn't scare me," Luke corrected her.  "It surprised me.  Don't things ever surprise you?"
"Frequently, but they never make me jump."
"I wasn't scared," Luke insisted.
Colette looked in the direction the snake had gone.
Luke gave in.  "Well, maybe it scared me a little."
Colette was satisfied.  "I wonder what it is about snakes that scare people," she said.
"I blame anacondas," Luke replied.  "Big ones that kill."
"You can't tell me that when that little snake came out, you thought it was a 20-foot-long anaconda."
"Of course not."
"Then maybe that's not it."
Luke raked the ground with his fingers as his mind raked itself for a better answer.  "Maybe it's their eyes.  Snake eyes are synonymous with fear."  He felt smart for using a four-syllable word correctly.
"If there are any eyes people should be afraid of, it's shark eyes," Colette said.  Her face attained a faraway look as if she were remembering something.  "They're the blackest, coldest, emptiest orbs on Earth.  If I was capable of fear, I would fear shark eyes."
Luke raised his eyebrows.  The corners of his mouth raised themselves.  It was his turn to be amused.  "'If you were capable of fear'?" he repeated, a chuckle in his voice.
"I'm not."
"I don't believe you."
"I never have been," Colette shrugged.  "I have no phobias, no fears.  Nothing scares me."
"What about sharks?"
Colette drew a circle in the dirt.  "Let's just say I had a run-in with one and ever since I've held a personal vendetta against them."
"I'd like to hear about that."
Colette stopped drawing.  "I don't like to talk about it.  But I'm not afraid of sharks."
"Spiders?"
"No.  Spiders are beautiful."
"Ghosts?"
"No."
"Vampires?"
Luke was joking, but Colette looked at him so quickly that he was afraid she had snapped her neck.  He had made her jump.
"Not a chance," she said.  Colette looked down again, focusing on her legs, putting her hand over her eyes like a visor.  Luke noticed a cloud pass over the sun.  "I'm tired, Luke," she muttered.
As the sun's full force returned to them, Colette's hand traveled in the air toward Luke, but she paused in mid-reach.  Her hesitance, coming from a girl who took what she wanted even when it didn't willingly offer itself up, confused Luke.  He turned toward her and froze, granting her access to whatever she was reaching for.  She understood his intent and her hand landed on his chest, over his heart.  His quickening pulse drummed against her steadfast touch and reverberated in his throat.  She closed her eyes, concentrating on his heartbeat.  A long, rueful sigh poured in and out her nostrils.  Without realizing it, Luke mimicked her sigh.
"It's about time you came."  Luke's mind automatically thought of the dirtiest meaning of that word, but he was positive Colette hadn't meant it that way.  She withdrew her hand and stood up before Luke could ask her to clarify her statement.  "It's getting late," she observed.  "The sun will set behind the wall in a couple of hours.  I have some things to do before then."
Her excuse was similar to something Jan would say.  Luke forced the thought of his neighbor out of his head.  He stood up next to Colette.  "I guess it's time for me to go home then."
"Want a ride?"

COLETTE TOOK LUKE'S HAND and led him back through her house.  The halls were even darker than before.  Even though everything looked the same, Luke could tell Colette was leading him through a different part of the house than they had previously traveled.
Their journey concluded inside a vast garage.  Nearly thirty shining cars awaited a driver, lined up in rows like a luxury car dealer's lot.  The assortment reminded Luke of an auto show his father had once taken him to.  Luke wasn't a car fanatic, but he held a high enough admiration for automobiles that he knew every single car in that garage was worth more than the average American made in a year.  He recognized a few pricy Mercedes, Porsches, and BMWs, but most of the cars were as foreign to him as the flowers in Colette's garden.  Nearby, though, was a Rolls Royce that looked just like the one Jan had been washing the first time he saw her.
"Thomas!" Colette summoned with a bellow, the sudden yell making Luke flinch.
From out of the shadows, a man approached.  The first thing Luke noticed about him was that he looked as if he hadn't taken a bath in years.  His clothes were equally grimy and in dire need of patches.  His long, disheveled hair hid most of his face.  Luke retreated a couple of feet, putting distance between himself and the inevitable stench the man had to be emitting.  The LeVirs were some of the most polished, pristine people Luke had ever met.  How could they allow a man in that condition to work for them, much less in their house?
The man--Luke guessed he was Thomas--leered at Luke for a moment, then turned to Colette.  His scarily intense eyes brimmed with hatred toward her.
"Thomas, fetch me the Camaro," Colette ordered, hugging Luke's arm.
Thomas bowed to her, an ostentatious act that was more ironic than sincere, and scuffed back into the shadows.  Luke had only seen one other person filled with that much contempt while looking at Colette: Jan.  Again, he pushed the Padres out of his mind.  Colette squeezed his arm tighter.
Luke scanned the auto collection.  Colette wasn't being pretentious when she said the LeVirs could get anything they wanted.  A few of the cars looked designed to break the sound barrier.  He would love to get behind any one of those wheels.
"Just coming back to this garage would be a good enough excuse to see me again, huh, Luke?" Colette joked.
Luke broke his gaze with the cars and looked at Colette.  "Among other reasons."
Colette was satisfied with that response.  She hummed a cheerful tune as she waited for her servant to complete her command.
"What do you have to do tonight?" Luke asked.
"I have a family reunion type deal tomorrow night.  I have to go out of town for it."
"I thought all the LeVirs lived in LeVir Lake."
"You're thinking of the Padreses."
A thundering roar erupted from the opposite end of the garage.  A red Camaro leapt out of the lines of cars and zoomed toward Luke and Colette.  Thomas was at the wheel, his loathing eyes targeting Colette.  She stared right back at him, more perturbed with his behavior than anything else.  She just stood there as the car raced directly at her.  Luke tried to get out of the way, but Colette's solid grasp around his arm held him in place.  Luke shielded himself for the impact.
The car screeched to a stop not two feet in front of them.  Thomas exited the vehicle, leaving the engine running and the driver's door open.
Colette released Luke and got in, first dusting off the seat.  She pressed a button and the roof revealed itself to be retractable.  The convertible top tucked itself away in the trunk.  Luke eased his body out of its petrified state and tottered to the passenger side of the Camaro, plopping in next to Colette.
Colette adjusted the rearview mirror for a ridiculously long time until it was perfect.  Oddly, she gripped it from behind to do so.  Luke figured it was to keep the view of what was behind her unobstructed.  Once she was satisfied, she reached for something on the visor.  Luke noticed an indentation in the leather, but whatever Colette wanted was gone.  She huffed and looked around the car.  She mumbled something that sounded like, "Damn you, Thomas."  Luke eyed the servant, who still stood by the car, staring down at Colette, hatred seared into his face, his eyes on fire.  His continued presence made Luke increasingly uncomfortable, even though, curiously, Luke still couldn't smell Thomas's certainly horrible body odor.  Luke sniffed a couple of times in case he was congested, but his nasal passages were clear.  He decided to let it go, knowing that not being able to smell a disgusting person was a blessing.  Still, he hoped he didn't have a tumor or something.
Colette reached past Luke's lap and opened the glove compartment, finally finding her sunglasses and their holder.  She snatched them, slammed the glove compartment closed (the violence of which made Luke instinctively protect his crotch), and stuck the sunglasses on top of her head.  With the precision of a surgeon, she slid the holder back onto the visor.  She made absolutely certain the clip was exactly over the indentation.  Eventually, she was content.
The entire time, Thomas remained right next to Colette's door.
"Honestly, Thomas," Colette fussed as she slipped a pair of spotless white driving gloves over her black lace ones, "why do you have to behave like an animal?  Keep it up and we'll let you sleep with the animals.  Outside."
Colette punched a button on the dash, and the garage door opened.  A wave of sunlight coasted across the floor, licking the tips of Thomas's shoes.  He shuffled backward away from the invading daylight, still watching Colette.  She placed her sunglasses over her eyes and sighed at her servant.
"Oh, take a bath."  
Colette revved the Camaro's engine twice and shifted into drive.  Luke slammed against his seat as Colette tore out of the garage and onto Prudence Boulevard.  They rocketed along the perimeter road, the tires squealing as Colette veered onto LeVir Lake Avenue and roared toward the town entrance.  Luke struggled to get his seatbelt on.  He looked toward his house and wondered if Colette was going to turn the wrong way down Prudence Avenue so she could drop him off quicker.  They reached the town gate and Colette turned, but she went left.  He looked back at his house, which quickly disappeared as the road curved.
Colette howled, enjoying herself as she flew past houses.  Luke noted several Padreses outside, all watching the Camaro pass.  They did not look happy.
Colette reached LeVir Lake Avenue again and swerved onto it.  Once the car had straightened out, the vehicle's speed suddenly whooshed down to a snail-like pace.  Luke's body bent forward with the inertia of the ride.  Once the power of physics released his body, he pressed back against his seat as if they were still riding at rocket speed.  He watched LeVir Lake's immaculate lawns and fancy driveways creep past.  Luke checked the speedometer.  They were barely driving five miles an hour.
"Did you forget where I live?" he asked.
"No.  I just want to prolong my time with you."
Luke's heart swelled with glee.
Colette placed her hand on his, unexpectedly earnest.  "I haven't felt this good in a long time.  You're so..."  She decided not to finish the sentence.
"So what?"
"I can't describe it in words."  She looked at Luke.  "Which is strange because I'm very well-versed."  Rather than watching where she was driving, she kept her eyes on Luke.  The car's tires bumped into the curb.  Colette steered it back on track while still not looking at the road.  They progressed so slowly they might as well have parked.
"I didn't know there was anything special about me," Luke responded honestly.
"There is."  Colette's sincere glance captivated him.  He stared at her beautiful face, committing the curves of her cheekbones, eyebrows, lips to memory.  Luke's body subconsciously leaned toward her.  He squeezed her double-gloved hand.  He wondered if there was a reason why she wouldn't take off her first set of gloves to put on another pair.  Maybe she had scars, or psoriasis.  There had to be some flaw in the seemingly perfect creature beside him.  Or maybe it was just some fashion trend Luke wasn't aware of, which wasn't difficult to believe.
Colette slid her hand out of Luke's and broke her gaze, going back to minding the road.  "Unfortunately, Jan beat me to you and put thoughts about me in your head that you can't quite get rid of."
"She didn't put any thoughts in my head about you."
"Yes, she did.  And the most resolute impression you'll ever have about anyone is the first one.  Whether you mean to or not, you're always going to think about what Jan said the first time she first mentioned me.  She thinks I'm evil.  She thinks Jean is psychotic and evil.  She thinks my father is a dimwitted oaf, but evil nonetheless.  And I swear she thinks my mother can morph into an evil little bug and evilly fly into her ear and leave evil little thoughts in her head.  Thanks to Jan, you'll forevermore associate the LeVir name with evil.
"You kissed her?" Colette shouted suddenly, slamming the brakes.  Luke jerked forward.  He realized that while Colette had talked, his thoughts had drifted to the night he spent at Jan's house and the kiss they had shared.  He commanded his full attention back into the car.
"You kissed Janice Cristina Padres?" Colette uttered in revulsion.  "How could you?"
"How could you know that?"
"I could tell by the look on your face.  You thought of Jan and you got this little smile and your face got hot.  You kissed her."
Luke felt his face.  It was warm.  He looked in the side mirror to see if it was red, but it looked normal to him.  The only discoloration was the fading bruise on his jaw.  He stroked it.
"Yes, I kissed her," Luke surrendered.  "She convinced me she had saved my life.  I wanted to repay her."
"So you kissed her?" Colette pouted.  "She really did get to you first."
"It was nothing--"
"If it was nothing, why did you blush when you thought about it?" Colette challenged.
"First of all, I didn't blush.  Secondly, why are you getting so upset?"
Colette paused.  She thought about it.  "You keep surprising me, Luke.  It's getting on my nerves, but I still like you."  She recommenced driving at a standard speed toward the closed town gate.
Luke stared straight ahead.  His remembrance of the night he kissed Jan conjured the centerfold girl into his mind.  He didn't want to make Colette even more jealous by asking about another girl, but he couldn't resist finding out whether she knew anything about the mysterious centerfold.
"Colette," he brought up in a casual tone, "I saw this girl a couple days ago.  The only reason I noticed her was because she was out after dark and she jogged into the woods.  She had really dark hair, probably black, and really white skin.  Do you know who I'm talking about?"  Colette glanced at her own dark hair.  "I think she may have posed for adult magazines," Luke added.
"How would you know that?" Colette asked, her adorable smirk sneaking back onto her face.
"A friend," he fibbed.  Lame.
Colette didn't press the subject.  "No, I don't know who you're talking about."
They reached the intersection of LeVir Lake Avenue and Prudence Boulevard in no time.  Colette turned the wrong way onto Prudence Boulevard and headed straight for Luke's house.  She pulled into the driveway and shoved the gear shift into park.  Luke expected her to bid him a memorable farewell, but she just stared straight ahead.  She was still upset that he had kissed Jan.
Luke opened his door to get out.  Colette touched his arm.  He paused.  Maybe she was going to say goodbye to him after all.
"I don't want to hurt you," she stated.
Luke furrowed his eyebrows, confused as to why she felt the need to express that.  Her downcast eyes added sincerity to her claim.  She looked different than he'd ever seen her before.  Wiser.
"Can we hang out again?" she asked, still looking down.
Luke leaned toward her, catching her chin and directing her to look at him.  "Just say when," he assured.  Colette half smiled, but her eyes were solemn.  Luke felt the urge to hug her goodbye, but she didn't look in the mood.  He got out of the car and shut the door.
"Luke?" Colette called.  Luke looked back at her.  "Can I call you my friend?" she asked.
"Of course."
Colette beamed, her breezy attitude returning.  She zoomed backward out of his driveway.  She threw the car into drive and continued to go the wrong way along Prudence Boulevard.  Lisa's SUV approached from the correct direction.  Colette accelerated past, causing the SUV to swerve into Jan's yard.
Karol Padres came out of her house.  She looked at the SUV, at the direction Colette had gone, and then at Luke, disappointed in him.  Luke ignored her and entered his house.  He went straight to the kitchen and opened the refrigerator.  
Lisa entered a couple minutes later with two large bags of groceries.  "Enjoying your life of freedom, I see," she observed.  "Thanks for helping me with groceries."
Luke grabbed a bag and helped his mother unload them.
"Did you see that girl run me off the road?" Lisa complained.
"I'm sure it was an accident," Luke said, though he was actually sure it wasn't.
"What was she doing in our driveway?"
Luke shrugged.  "I hung out with her today."
"Another girl?"  Lisa smiled to herself.  "Luke, you're becoming quite the ladies' man."
"Mom."  He opposed her interest in his love life.
"What?" Lisa asked innocently.
"There's just a lack of new blood around here."
"Just so long as I don't catch this new girl in your bed, too."
"Mom!"  
"Don't worry.  I know there was nothing going on between you and Jan this morning."
Banging erupted from upstairs.
"What the hell?" Luke slipped.  What was with that house and loud noises?  Lisa scoffed lightheartedly at him for swearing in front of her.  "Sorry," he said.  "What is that noise?  I swear it isn't me."
Lisa shot Luke a look, then said, "Jan must still be upstairs."
Luke slumped.  He didn't feel like getting into another fight with Jan.  He wasn't over their last one.
"Did you tell her she could use our attic to make something?" Lisa asked.
Great, Luke thought, Jan was drilling again.  "Yeah, Mom," he lied.
"Oh, okay."  Lisa retrieved the cutting board.  "She came over and started bringing up sheet metal and wooden planks and all sorts of things.  She's been up there for hours.  Do you know what she's working on?"
"Not a clue."
"Oh, okay."
Lisa emptied a bag of frozen vegetables into a colander and turned on the sink faucet.  Luke leaned against the counter and watched his mom prep dinner, not wanting to go upstairs.  He didn't want to deal with Jan's lunacy.  Not after the wonderful day he had with Colette.
But Lisa wouldn't leave it alone.  "What was going on with her this morning?"
Luke huffed.  "She's just stressed out.  She lives her life by all these strict rules and it drives her crazy that we don't."  Luke was actually a little proud of his succinct explanation.  Jan herself couldn't have explained it better.  Well, of course, she couldn't.  She didn't think any of her behavior was weird at all.
"Well," Lisa said, "the next time she asks to use our attic, can you run it by me before you lease it out to her?"
"Sure, Mom."  He continued to lean against the counter.  Lisa eyed him as she defrosted the vegetables with hot water.  Luke stared at the floor.  He crossed his arms.  He shifted his feet.  Lisa turned off the faucet.
"Luke, why don't you go see if Jan's staying for supper?"
Shit, Luke thought.  He should have gone into the living room.  "Sure, Mom."  He provided Lisa with a phony grin.
Luke went upstairs.  He could hear Jan working.  He looked at his bedroom, then at the door to the long room, then at his bedroom again.  After a lengthy deliberation, he decided hiding from Jan probably wouldn't work for very long.  Plus, he was just the slightest bit curious to see what she was up to.
Luke could barely get the long room door open.  It seemed Jan had brought Lisa's old bed down from the attic and set it upright in the long room, right against the door.  When Luke finally pushed the door open, sawdust overtook him.  Work above ceased and a dust mask flew down to him.  Work restarted.  Luke put on the mask and ascended the ladder.
The entire attic floor was at least three inches thicker with alternating wood and metal layers.  Jan toiled in the northwest corner building what looked like a statue made of wooden blocks.  It was almost as tall as she was.  Safety goggles and a dust mask obscured her face.  She prepared to pound a nail longer than her hand, including extended fingers, into the hunk of wood.
"Jan," Luke's muffled voice struggled through the mask, "what are you doing?"
"This is what my dad did to my Aunt Consi's attic to keep the vampires out."
Luke groaned.  Before that morning, he would have tolerated Jan's lunacy, but after their last fight, Luke was sick of her vampire nonsense.
His eyes drifted to Jan's choker and stayed there.  "Jan, I'm glad you care about my family enough to do all this for us, but it's getting out of hand."
Jan paused in her hammering.
"Enough is enough," Luke said.  "Vampires aren't real.  The LeVirs aren't vampires.  I spent the entire day with Colette LeVir and absolutely nothing pointed out vampires."
Jan dropped her hammer into a pile of discarded lumber, creating a rattling clatter that lasted longer than it should have.  She lifted her goggles and her brilliant blue eyes pierced Luke.  "You spent the entire day with Colette LeVir?" she asked through her dust mask.
"Yes," he answered, refusing to shrink under her severe gaze, made more severe since he couldn't see the spellbinding lips he usually focused on.  "She's a cool person if you give her a chance."
Jan constricted her hand around the protruding part of the nail she had been pounding.  "Nothing pointed out vampires," she repeated.  "You went to the mayor's mansion?"
"Yeah.  How did you know?"
"That's Colette's favorite place to bring the LeVirs' victims."
"Jan, do I look like a victim?"
Jan's eyes dug into Luke's and searched.  "No," she observed with some wonder, "but let me ask you this.  You went into the mayor's mansion?"
"Yes."
"Did you see any windows?"
The question caught Luke off guard.  He remembered finding it odd that the house had no windows, but he didn't want to admit it to Jan.  "Maybe they're photosensitive."
"Like a vampire?"
"Jan," Luke groused, "I'm sick of having this same conversation."
Jan tore her goggles off her head and chucked them at Luke.  He jumped, nearly tumbling into the long room.  "Do you think I delight in it?" she demanded, ripping off her dust mask.  "Do you think I enjoy arguing with you every time we see each other?  Or having to live under these rules in order to stay alive?  Don't you think I want to live a normal life like you had the luxury of living?  Do you think living in constant paranoia and terror is fun?"  Jan wrenched the long nail out of the boards and pointed it at Luke.  "Don't you think I want to believe you when you say there is no such thing as vampires?  Don't you think I wish and wish and wish there weren't?  I don't like working with tools to board up attics, and constantly praying and training every single day.  It's torture for me knowing that no matter what I do, they're always going to be stronger, faster, and more powerful.  It kills me every time one of my uncles disappears because one of them felt like a challenge for their dinner.  I worry to death that I'm next, but I worry even more that I'm not.  You can't possibly understand what it's like to live the way I must.  You refuse to see the truth because you grew up believing vampires were a myth.  That just puts you in even more danger, and that's why I'm doing this."  She acknowledged her work.  Her chest heaved in anger.  Her watery eyes glistened in the light of the single attic bulb.  Her speech was so compelling, Luke almost believed her.
Luke removed his dust mask and sat down, his legs dangling over the edge of the floor and into the long room.  Jan took a moment to compose herself, and then sat next to him.  She waited for him to say something.  Anything.
Luke managed, "Thank you."
Jan touched his cheek.  He placed his hand over hers.  "I care about you," Jan confessed, shame in her voice.  "I'm not supposed to, but I can't stop it.  Now my life is centered on protecting you and your family.  I'm sorry if it gets tedious."
"I appreciate it," Luke assured.
He stared at her sad lips, surprised they still enthralled him.  His body leaned into her, brushing his mouth against hers.  His mind caught up to his actions, but rather than pulling him away, it pushed his lips forward in a solid kiss.  That time, Jan kissed him back.
"Luke?" Lisa's voice floated up the ladder.
Luke and Jan jumped apart.
Lisa's head popped up from the long room.  She looked around her altered attic.  "Um, Luke? Do you know where Lara is?"
Jan gasped.  "She isn't back yet?"  She bolted from her spot and shimmied down the ladder past Lisa.
"Luke, what's wrong?" Lisa asked.  Luke didn't know, but he dreaded the thought that Lara was still out with Jean.
They found Jan outside, staring at the entrance to LeVir Lake.  Luke joined her at the curb.  Even though it was a very warm summer afternoon, Jan shivered.  Luke set his hand on her shoulder.
Joaquin and Karol appeared behind them.  They looked at the wall.  Only a sliver of sun shone over the treetops, the edges of the orb dancing in the desert sky.  The Padreses had come for Jan, Luke's protector, and Luke couldn't do anything about it.  He released her and she followed Karol and Joaquin to her house.  Before going in, Jan cast one more look at the gate.
Lisa approached her son.  "Luke," she implored, "what's going on?"
"I don't know," he answered honestly.
Luke beheld the setting sun.  He decided it was best to go inside.  Although his relationships with both Lara and God remained on unsteady terms, he prayed for his sister's safety.



Chapter 11


NEARLY TWENTY-FOUR HOURS after Lara left town with Jean, she was still gone.  A quick investigation of her room revealed she had forgotten her cell phone at home, probably too preoccupied with the fact that she'd just gotten the car of her dreams without having to earn it, so driving to a place with service and trying to reach her would do no good.  All her family could do was wait.  Lisa had fallen asleep on the living room couch at about two-thirty that morning, but Luke was resolved to stare out the living room windows until his sister returned.    
He didn't want to, but he kept imagining scenarios in which Jean was torturing and murdering Lara, or at least leading her to some very bad life choices, like hooking her on meth or gambling.  The few times his mind let him take a break from ruminating over all of the horrible things that might have happened to Lara, he thought about Colette.  He wished he knew a way to contact her while she was out of town.  Maybe she knew where Jean had taken Lara.
Luke fantasized about all of the places he would like to go and the things he would like to do with Colette.  Idyllic thoughts relaxed his body.  He started to doze into a restful land of frolicking, handholding, and other such lovely activities.  He caught himself right before falling asleep, and needing to stay awake to watch for his sister, Luke forced Colette out of his mind and refocused on Lara and what Jean might be doing to her.
LeVir Lake sat dormant until eight a.m., when the Padreses appeared on Prudence Boulevard.  Strangely, that morning all the Padreses, children and adults, went out the town gate.  The deviation in routine intrigued Luke, but his mind was too fatigued from coming up with terrible fates for his sister to man the control of his body so he could go outside and watch them.  He accepted his limited view, only able to see a sliver of the town gate from his living room windows.  He thought he saw a group of grown-ups carrying something.  It looked like a long crate, but again, with his restricted sight, he couldn't be sure they were carrying anything at all.
In a matter of minutes, the Padreses were gone.
Luke tried to ponder why that particular morning the entire Padres family had left town, but his brain was too exhausted to cogitate.  He left the thinking for another time and sat back.  He surveyed the world outside his living room window without really seeing any of it.  All the energy he had left was focused on him maintaining consciousness until Lara's return.
Noon arrived and Lara wasn't back.  Neither were the Padreses.  Luke glued his eyes to his narrow view of the town gate.  It wasn't like the Padreses to be late.
Soon after lunch, Lisa decided to alert the LeVir Lake police of Lara's disappearance since it had been over twenty-four hours since anyone had seen her.  Luke wasn't sure there were any LeVir Lake police, but he opted to let Lisa do whatever she needed to feel better.  She wasn't gone an hour when the Wright SUV pulled back into the driveway.  Luke watched Lisa get out and slam the car door.  She was not happy.  Lisa barged into the house and threw her purse at the couch, reverting for a few moments to a spoiled little rich girl.
"What happened, Mom?" Luke asked.  If he'd had energy to manage to feelings, he would have been nervous about her answer.
"The people in this town are no help at all," Lisa fumed.  "There's only one crummy cop, and he was out to lunch.  I asked everyone I saw if they'd seen Lara, but everyone flat out ignored me like I wasn't even there."
"No one would help?"  Luke thought back to the people he'd met during his tour of the square the previous day.  Everyone had been incredibly obliging to him.
"Finally," Lisa expelled in a gust of infuriated breath, "someone said they'd seen her with that boy going into the mayor's mansion."  
Luke perked up.  If Lara was in town, there was much less of a chance that something bad had happened to her.  He could finally stop fretting.
"I went to the mayor's mansion," Lisa continued, "and I must have knocked for ten minutes straight, but no one would answer the door.  If it had been unlocked, I would have barged in, found that girl, and drug her out by her hair.  I know the phones don't work, but she's only a mile from our house.  She could have found some way to let us know where she was.  Your sister is so grounded."
Now that he was less worried about his sister, a part of Luke felt justified that Lara was finally going to get what was coming to her.
Lisa took a deep breath.  "I need a beer."  She went to the kitchen.
A weight had lifted from Luke's shoulders.  He didn't like Lara at all, but she was his sister; he had to love her--and deal with any uninvited emotions that compulsory love caused.  Because of that, his release from worry was only temporary as he remembered that while Lara was within the town wall, she was still associating with Colette's oily, scheming brother.
Sheer willpower was the only thing keeping Luke awake, but he decided to fetch Lara from the mayor's mansion.  It was the only way he could relieve his mother's stress, not to mention his own anxiety.  Maybe he'd have better luck getting in the mansion since he'd been there before with Colette.
Truthfully, there was another, more honest reason he decided to go.  If Jean was back, Colette might be back, too.  The thought of seeing her again brightened Luke's deadened spirits.  Luke dragged his feet to the back door, figuring he'd reach the center of LeVir Lake quicker if he cut through backyards.  He left his house, but an unexpected odor impeded his advancement into the yard.  He looked down.
At his feet, a clove of garlic rested by the back door.  Luke wondered how long it had been there.  He reached down, picked up the garlic, and stuck it in his pocket, barely thinking about his actions.
The afternoon sun revitalized Luke as he ambled through backyards, which were actually one continuous garden running behind all of the houses on Prudence Boulevard.  The garden didn't resemble the one behind the mayor's mansion in the least.  In lieu of flowers, the Padreses kept their backyards rife with fresh vegetables, growing only plants that didn't reach higher than a foot.  Observing the endless rows of homegrown sustenance, Luke's earlier musing over whether LeVir Lake was a commune returned.  He wondered why the Padreses didn't just breed livestock as well to complete their severance from outside society.
His thoughts of communes dissipated when Luke happened upon a sunny trail.  It led him straight to the heart of the town square.  Before he knew it, the mayor's mansion was in sight.  Luke considered the stony fort, looming on the other side of the park like a king in a great, green hall, but before he could take a step toward Colette's house, the library captured his eye.
He scrutinized the small, austere building.  Colette had said it wasn't worth checking out, but Luke's curiosity overthrew her opinion.  Plus, maybe by the time Luke finished examining the library, Lara would have gone home on her own, and he'd be free to hang out with Colette.
The inside of the library was dark--much darker than a library had any right to be.  The amount of books in the single room made the building seem even smaller than the outside had suggested.  There were no shelves.  The books were stacked in teetering piles all over the floor.  Some stacks rose all the way to the ceiling.  Luke wondered how anyone was supposed to find anything in that disorganized jungle.
A writing table rested in the middle of the room.  On top of it lay a heap of the stone books that had been on sale at the festival--the ones that illustrated the murals on the town wall.  Luke picked one up, examining it since he hadn't gotten the chance to at the festival.  The front of the book was simple.  The only marking was a tiny, two-word phrase etched into the smooth surface.  It read, "The Prophecy."
Luke opened the book to the first picture: the familiar Moon and Sun design.  Opposite the recurrent sequence, Luke observed a miniaturized version of the first story panel on the LeVir Lake wall--a couple held a newborn baby, a solar eclipse shone through a window, and people cowered on the bottom.
Luke turned to the next tablet.  The illustration concentrated on a young girl.  She stood imperially amongst a swarm of admirers, who showered her with gifts of precious stones and livestock.  The girl, even though she was just a carving in stone, was stunning.  Luke looked closer at the picture.  The girl seemed somehow familiar...
The book was jerked out of Luke's hands.  A revolting old man with rotten teeth, gnarled limbs, and a severely hunched back yelled at him in Spanish.  Luke could only understand one word he shouted: Luke.
"H-How do you know my name?" Luke stuttered.
The old man continued yelling.
Irene, the school principal, stepped out from behind the stacks.  "Oh, Luke," she greeted with false surprise, "I didn't hear you come in."
The old man hadn't ceased ranting.  He stuck the stone book in Luke's face.
"Grandfather," Irene protested, "where are your manners?"  The old man cussed her out in Spanish.  She ignored it.
"He knows my name," Luke said.
"Of course," she laughed, "everyone does.  This is a small town, remember?"
The old man rambled to himself, flipping through the book, the tablets thunking against each other.
"Please forgive Padre Miguel," Irene said.  "He's been dipping into the tequila again.  Grandfather, I told you to stop drinking that stuff."
The old man was a Padres.  That explained his bizarre behavior.
"You should go," Irene told Luke.
"Am I not allowed to be in here?" Luke asked.
Irene's cool façade slipped as she searched for a justification for him to leave.  "We haven't finished clearing the asbestos.  It's dangerous in here."  She faked a pathetic cough.  "When it's all gone, you'll be the first to know."  She clutched the old man by his shoulders.  "Come now, Grandfather," she said in a saccharine but commanding tone.
The old Padres dropped the book and it fell to the floor, cracking the tablets.  He pointed at Luke with wide eyes, repeating a single word Luke couldn't understand.  Irene's face lost all complaisance, turning sallow and severe.  Her strict eyes drifted to Luke's pants.
"What do you have in your pocket?" she asked.
Luke remembered the garlic he had found outside his back door.  He took it out.
The old man seized the white ball from Luke's hand and yelled the word again.  Then he yelped and he dropped it, blowing on his palm, which was infected by a bad rash.
Irene stepped back, pulling Padre Miguel.  "Come now, Grandfather," she ordered again, the sweetness gone from her voice, leaving no room for argument.  "See you later, Luke," she added in the same tone before leading the old man back behind the stacks of books.
As Luke left the library, his thoughts dwelled on the old man.  The combination of being old, sick, and a Padres must have driven the poor guy insane.  Padre Miguel couldn't even rationalize how filching Luke's garlic, because of its natural chemicals, would irritate the rash on his hand.  Luke had no idea what to think about the old man's relationship with Irene.  He wondered why she, a LeVir who was definitely not from around there, would call the old Padres "Grandfather."  Not to mention, what was with her lame asbestos excuse?
"Luke," someone called from across the square.  He looked toward the voice's origin.
Marlene and Bunny were strolling down LeVir Lake Avenue.  Luke observed Bunny's strange attire with little humor: tight black clothing covered every surface of her body except her face, which she shaded using both a wide-brimmed black hat and a large black umbrella.  She had done a complete one-eighty from the frisky cheerleader look she'd donned at the festival.  Now she looked like she was going to a funeral.  Luke wondered who'd died.  Even though shadow darkened her face, Luke could see her complexion wasn't as pale as it had been at the festival.  Her skin possessed a rosy tint.  
Marlene flailed her arm in a waving motion.  Luke realized she was signaling him to join them.  He didn't want to.
"Hey," Luke said listlessly as he joined them.
Bunny caught him scrutinizing her outfit.  She stuck her black-gloved hand out from under her umbrella.  "It looks like rain," she said.
Luke looked at the sky.  There wasn't a cloud in sight.
"What are you up to, handsome?" Marlene asked.
"I just came from the library."
"What's a stud like you doing in a library?"
"I was bored," Luke fibbed, hoping his indifference would discourage Marlene from conversing with him.
It didn't work.  "I can entertain you," she offered with a grin.
Thankfully, Bunny intervened.  "I heard you and Colette spent a good chunk of yesterday together," she said to Luke.
"Yeah," Luke shrugged, disguising how eager he was to talk about Colette with apathy, which wasn't hard considering how tired he was.  "I was on my way to the mayor's mansion to see if she was back, but my mom went there earlier and no one would answer the door."
"What business does your mother have at the mayor's mansion?" Bunny interrogated.
Luke paused at her dominating tone, but her demanding expression told him it was not a rhetorical question.  "She heard my sister and Jean were shacking up in there, and she went to get her.  If I were my sister, I wouldn't have let anyone answer the door either."
Bunny looked confused.  "You said your sister was with Jean in the mayor's mansion?"
"Yes."
"No," Bunny disputed.  "Jean's been gone since yesterday morning and no one's heard from him since.  If he's off gallivanting with your sister, that explains it.  This isn't the first time he's pulled that trick."
Luke slumped.  Lara was still missing.  He dreaded telling his mother.
"That Jean-Beau," Marlene drooled.  "Now that's one sexy guy.  He reminds me of my first pimp."
Luke glanced toward the mayor's mansion, but something else nabbed his attention.  A young man was searching the park.  He didn't look like a Padres or a LeVir, yet he still looked familiar.  "Who's that?" Luke asked, pointing.
When Bunny saw what he had noticed, she broke away from Luke and Marlene.  She stalked toward the young man, again resembling a lion hunting its prey.  Luke, not wanting to be left alone with Marlene, followed Bunny.  Marlene followed him.
"Can I help you?" Bunny snarled at the young man.
"Yes," the stranger responded eagerly, briefly looking over Bunny's outfit.  "I'm Michael Morgan.  I'm looking for my sister, Missy."
"Missy the runaway?" Luke asked.
Bunny shot daggers at Luke with her hollow eyes before turning back to Michael.  "I;m sorry if I seem surprised.  Missy never mentioned having any family.  You two must be awfully close for you to find her all the way out here."
"We're twins.  Our parents died a couple years ago and we were sent to separate foster homes, but we kept in touch.  About a year ago, she stopped communicating with me.  I tracked her to LA, where I spoke with someone who remembered her saying she was going to LeVir Lake.  Did you know this place isn't on any maps?"
Luke couldn't help but chuckle.
Michael continued, "My sister is all I have in the world.  Please, is she here?"
Bunny's demeanor blinked from antagonistic to gracious.  "Yes, she's here."
Michael sighed gratefully, looking like the weight of the universe had just lifted from him.
"In fact," Bunny offered, "I'll take you to her."  Bunny wrapped her arm around Michael's shoulders.  From his flinch of pain, Luke could tell she was squeezing him abnormally hard.  She didn't know her own strength.
Bunny led Michael toward the mayor's mansion.  Luke was about to go with them, but Marlene jumped at the opportunity to be alone with him.
"Let's go to my place," she propositioned.  "It's very accommodating."
"Actually," Luke said, stretching the word as his mind searched for a reliable sanctuary Marlene couldn't follow him into, "I need to get home.  I need to tell my mom my sister's still gone."  He had no intention of doing any of that, but he didn't want Marlene to know his actual destination--the garage on the opposite side of the mayor's mansion.
"That can wait," Marlene assured.  "You've got all day, and I can keep you occupied all day.  Maybe by the time we're done, your sister will have magically returned."
"Be that as it may," Luke maintained, "I have some stuff I need to do..."
"Oh, pooh," Marlene pouted.  "I was so hoping we could get to know each other better.  We haven't gotten to play at all since you moved here.  At least walk me to my door like a gentleman."
Luke's tiredness ebbed back into his system.  He glanced at the mansion, but his gut told him Colette wasn't there anyway.
"All right."
They headed toward the town gate, still open from the Padres' exodus that morning.
"Tell me about yourself, Luke," Marlene chatted.  "Did you have a girlfriend back where you came from?"
"No."
"No?  A sexy man like you didn't have a girlfriend?  I don't believe you.  I bet all the girls were falling all over you all the time."
"No."
"Were the guys?"  Marlene chortled.  "Just kidding, sugar.  I can't help my jealousy at how well you seem to be getting along with the girls here."
Marlene was right.  Back in Salem, the only reason a girl would want to get close to Luke was to get close to his popular friends.  In LeVir Lake, Luke had two hot girls on the brink of fighting over him.  More if he counted the "reformed" hooker traipsing along beside him.
"But you don't need those little girls," Marlene informed him.  Luke braced himself for her next clichéd statement.  "You need a woman."  Marlene stared at him, her come-hither eyes more like convince-me-I'm-still-attractive eyes.
Not wanting to endure further indecent proposals, Luke changed the subject.  "Why don't you tell me about yourself?"
Luke's request struck Marlene speechless.  He figured she wasn't used to people interested in hearing about her life--only in what she had to offer.  Once she found her voice, she began.
"Back in LA, I wanted to be a model-slash-actress, but I was turned down by every agency in town, so eventually, I ended up a working girl.  You know what I mean.  Fifteen years, that was my life.  Let me tell ya, it gets old after a while.  Then one day, this Bible-thumper Padres comes up and asks me a bunch of questions about my past and family and friends, or lack thereof, and offers me a chance to start life anew in LeVir Lake.  I figured there wasn't no harm in checking this place out.  But once I got here, the Padreses just stopped talking to me.  They avoid me like the plague.  The LeVirs were the ones who took me in.  They want to be my friends.  They listen to me.  If you ask me, they should be the ones you're palling around with, not those back-turning Padreses."  Marlene browsed the stately houses and tailored lawns.  "This place is nice and all for a vacation, but small town living ain't for me.  Life in LA was hard, but I miss the hustle and bustle.  Once I get on my feet, I'm going back.  I'm going to start my own brothel."
Luke let Marlene talk, but he'd stopped listening.  Instead, he stared straight ahead, hoping he didn't pass out from exhaustion in the middle of LeVir Lake Avenue.  Who knew what advantages Marlene might take of that situation?
Luke focused on the town gate.  Hazy figures floated toward him, jerking in and out of focus.  Luke stopped strolling when he realized he wasn't hallucinating.  Marlene stopped, too, looking to see what he was staring at.
The Padreses poured into town, splitting different directions down Prudence Boulevard.  No one carried anything.  The crate Luke had thought he saw that morning had to have been just a figment of his overstressed mind.
One of the first Padreses back in town was Marc.  He spotted Luke and Marlene and walked straight toward them.  Luke hoped Marc was his ticket out of Marlene's clutches.  Marlene glared at the Padres as he approached.
"Hey, Luke," Marc greeted.  "I need you."
"This is so sudden," Luke said without thinking, making himself laugh.
Marc made no response to the joke.  "I'm thinking of starting a touch football league in LeVir Lake," Marc said.  "Have you ever played sports?"
Marlene pressed her fingers into Luke's chest.  "By the feel of these muscles, you bet."
Luke inched away from Marlene.  "Yeah I have," he muttered to Marc.
"What kind?" Marc asked.
"Most of them.  I've played football since I was six."
"Ooh," Marlene quivered, "the thought of you bent over, yelling hut, and slapping all those boys on the rear is making me hot."
Luke cringed.
Marc ignored Marlene.  "So you know how the game is played?"
"Of course, he does," Marlene answered for Luke.  "Didn't you hear him?  He's played since he was six.  Look at him.  He's the perfect quarterback."
"Actually," Luke said, "I was wide receiver and tight end."
"I'll say," Marlene winked.
Luke had walked into that one.  "But I quit sports after my dad died."
"Bummer," Marlene pitied.
"Nevertheless," Marc dismissed Luke's sorrow, "I'd like to talk with you about the intricacies of the game.  Right now is good for me."
"Just a minute," Marlene protested.  "Right now he's walking me home."
"You know the way," Marc said, leading Luke off LeVir Lake Avenue and between two houses.  Marlene shouted obscenities at the Padres, but Marc ignored her, taking Luke into backyards.
"I can teach you how to play 'Dungeons & Dragons,' too," Luke joked, positive the football story was a ruse.  "It was just a phase, I swear."
As soon as Marlene couldn't see them anymore, Marc's manner flipped.  "Go home," he ordered.  Luke's body stiffened, his tired mind instantly enraged at Marc giving him orders.  "Marlene, Christopher, Nina, and Terry Earl Blake are not here to make friends.  Stay away from them.  Stay away from the LeVirs.  They're all bad news."
Luke clenched his fists.  "You don't get to tell me who I can hang out with," he barked, irrationally loud.
Marc was impervious to Luke's anger.  "Just avoid them."
"Like the Padreses do?" Luke yelled.  "You bring them here, and then you ditch them so you can bring more people here to ditch."
Marc didn't waver.  "If you get involved with the LeVirs or anyone they're involved with, it'll be the end of you and everything you love."  Marc walked away.  
As Luke stared stunned after the Padres, he realized something.  "Why didn't you say Missy's name?" he called to Marc, but Marc was already several yards away and didn't answer.  Luke didn't want to dwell on it, so he convinced himself that Marc had merely overlooked the runaway.
With no one to stimulate Luke's awareness, his fatigue returned with a vengeance.  His limbs felt like they were made of lead.  His eyelids steadily lowered, threatening to close and stay closed.  He wanted nothing more than to go to bed, but he couldn't.  He couldn't rest until he saw with his own eyes that Lara was home and safe away from Jean.
As Luke shuffled through his backyard, he peeked around his house at the driveway.  The Mustang was still missing.  Luke entered the living room.  Lisa had put on a movie, but she was more looking at the screen than watching the film.  She was still pissed.
"Thank you for leaving without telling anyone," she snapped at her son.
"Lara's not at the mayor's mansion."  Luke flinched before his mother even reacted.
"WHAT?!" Lisa's voice resounded through the house like a sonic boom.  Lisa flew into a tirade, calling Lara all sorts of colorful names and promising to punish her to the fullest extent the law would allow.
Luke reclaimed his seat at the living room window.  In his state of mind, it wasn't hard to zone out his mother's ranting.  He thought over the events of his brief journey.  He wished he knew Spanish.  The old man in the library had sounded like he was trying to warn Luke about something.  Maybe it was the same thing Marc had told him: Luke was supposed to stay away from anyone associated with the LeVirs.
Lara was associating with a LeVir at that very moment.  Was he supposed to stay away from his own sister?  In fact, Luke himself was involved with Colette LeVir.  At least, he hoped he was.
Then again, he was also involved with Jan.  Maybe that was why Marc had banned Luke from hanging out with any LeVirs.  To protect Jan's feelings.
Luke mulled over his romantic situation.  He had two hot girls crushing on him.  He should have been stoked, but he hated it.  On one hand, he had Jan--unstable, but she had a good heart and truly cared about him.  Plus, she possessed those mesmerizing, full, soft lips that felt so good on his.  On the other hand, Luke had Colette.  Just thinking about Colette made him lightheaded.  The drunk feeling returned.  Tingles flew through his arms as he envisioned Colette's beautiful face.  Her adorable smirk.  Her amazing body.
Luke's head popped off his chest.  He had nearly dozed off.  He shook the drowsiness out of his body and forced Colette out of his mind, determined to stay awake until he knew Lara was home and unharmed.



Chapter 12


JEAN SPED along the lamp-lit streets of Los Angeles.  Few people were out, a fact Lara found strange.  It was a clear, warm Saturday night in L.A., yet it seemed no one was partying.
Even though Lara was in love with her new Mustang dream car, she had tired of driving the previous day in San Diego and let Jean take the wheel.  He had taken her to the beach, where they frolicked until sunset, although Jean refused to go in the water before dark.  He claimed to have particularly sensitive skin and he didn't want the seawater to wash off his sunscreen, which he reapplied religiously to his flawless flesh.  Lara shrugged off his neuroses, choosing instead to focus on fully enjoying her first trip to the Pacific Ocean.
Lara felt blissfully rebellious for leaving home without telling anyone where she was going or when she'd be back.  Her mother would be going crazy, but Lara didn't care.  She and Jean went where the wind took them.  Lara wished she could live the rest of her life that way, and Jean was the ideal guy to do it with.
Jean parked the car on the street and hopped out without opening his door.  Upon entering L.A., he had remembered that a few of his friends were throwing a party that night.  Lara agreed to be his date, though she said yes a little quicker than she had meant to.
As Lara checked her reflection in the rearview mirror, she struggled to pull her fingers through her hair.  Unfortunately, sleeping on the beach and driving around in a convertible all day had rendered her wavy brown locks unmanageable.  It was no use.  Jean opened Lara's door and helped her out, kissing her cheek once she reached a stand.  Suddenly, Lara didn't care what her hair looked like.
He led her to a dilapidated apartment building.  It looked dangerous--the whole building was leaning toward the street, and chunks of the exterior wall were missing--but Jean urged Lara to enter, moving a "NO TRESPASSING" sign to clear the means of access.  Lara could not say no to Jean.  In she went.
She couldn't see through the darkness, but Jean knew exactly where he was going and Lara had to trust him.  He guided her around holes in the floor and escorted her up the rickety stairs to the third story, where she began to hear metalcore music.  The floor shifted beneath her, groaning from her weight.  She squeezed Jean's hand, afraid that if he let her go, she'd plummet through the floor.  She saw light emitting from the end of the hall and instinctively headed for it.  The music got louder.
Inside an abandoned corner apartment, a party was under way.  Urban punks drank, laughed, and moshed around a barrel fire in the middle of what used to be the living room.  They were so boisterous that Lara was afraid the weak floor would give way beneath them at any moment.  Jean towed her into the fray.
As soon as Lara entered the apartment, everyone at the party looked at her, but when they saw Jean was her date, they resumed their carousing.  Jean put a drink in Lara's hand and pulled her to sit with him on the floor against a wall.
She sipped her drink.  It was good and rich, but it had a sour aftertaste.  "What is this?" she asked Jean.
"Punch."  He tipped the cup to her mouth.  Lara took another sip to appease Jean, and he grinned.  He whispered to her how sexy she looked.  He started to describe all the sensual things he'd like to do to her body, but a band of hoodlums with spiky hair and guyliner interrupted them.
"Yo," one of them said, "what do we have here?"
"Mine," Jean answered.  He put his arm around Lara's neck and kissed her mouth.  The kiss was long and deep, the passionate push of his smooth lips reaching into the pit of her stomach.  When it ended, Lara had to lean against the derelict wall to hold herself up.
Several partygoers eyed Lara.  It reminded her of the first time she'd met Jean at the LeVir Lake festival, when everyone there had stared at her.  She knew she was a hottie, but their obsession with her was creepy.  Once she caught her breath, she asked Jean, "Who are these people?"
"Vampires."
Lara's head jerked.  "What?"
"It's a gang," Jean clarified.  "They're just having one of their regular parties.  In a few minutes, their leader will make a grand entrance, and then the real fun will begin."
"Oh, okay."  Lara felt uncomfortable being in the middle of an L.A. gang celebration, but Jean put it out of her head when he kissed her again.  He was a very good kisser, and he tasted like pennies, which Lara found incredibly erotic.  His long eyelashes tickled her cheeks as he savored her lips.
Deafening music pounded Lara's ears, growing louder and louder.  She opened her eyes, peering around Jean's head to see what was going on.
The gang members had stopped dancing and were watching a poorly boarded window with fanatical fervor.  Jean chuckled when he noticed Lara also staring at the window.  He nuzzled her cheek.
The booming music's tempo accelerated as the lamplight shining through the cracks between the boards on the window flickered.  Even though they were on the third floor, something was moving around out there.  The gang chanted.  Lara couldn't make out what they were saying as music clogged her ears.  It pulsed faster and louder.
On an accent in the music, whatever was outside pounded on the boards attached to the window, rattling them.  Lara's entire body tensed and froze.
Another accent, another pound.
Another, and another.
Another and another.
The pounding came in shorter intervals.
Lara's muscles tensed into rocks as she waited with fear and exhilaration to find out what was outside the window.
The music climaxed, and with one final strike, the boards over the window exploded, blasting into the room.
A figure soared into the apartment.  Its hands caught a metal bar fastened above the barrel fire and it swung its legs about wildly.  The light from the fire revealed a hideous, gangling woman with a wide mouth full of greenish dagger teeth.  Her glossy, serpent-like skin reflected the flames.  She hissed at the gang members.  They cheered.
The woman-thing dove to the floor, disappearing from Lara's sight.  Lara rubbernecked to see where it had gone.  The creature reappeared next to the fire, but it had transformed into a normal, good-looking black woman.  She took a bow.  Her showmanship astounded Lara, and she joined the gang in applauding.
"That's their leader," Jean informed her.
"Oh," Lara managed to shout over the music before Jean recommenced kissing her.
As Jean savored her, Lara lost track of everything and melted into him.  His hands traveled around her waist and along her back.  She relished the carnal tingling she felt wherever Jean touched her.  She didn't care that she was surrounded by strangers.  Jean could do whatever he wanted to her, and she'd do nothing except take pleasure in it.
Another set of hands touched her.
Lara opened her eyes.  A girl had joined Jean in fondling her.  Lara tried to push the girl away, but she realized she couldn't move.  Her arms and legs were paralyzed.  She couldn't even wriggle away or, what scared her the most, speak.  She could only lie still as more gang members put their hands on her.  Some of them grabbed, some pinched, some dug their nails in.  The floor beneath her groaned, complaining about the number of people on top of that one area--Lara's area.  She wanted everyone to go away, to leave her alone, but she couldn't do anything except feel them all over her body.  She didn't know why Jean was letting it happen.  She wanted to scream.
Someone pulled her shirt up, exposing her full torso.  People kissed it, licked it, nibbled it.  Fangs scraped across her flesh.  Lara wanted to scream.
The crowd pushed Jean away.  He disappeared and strangers enveloped her.
Lara desperately wanted to scream.
Suddenly, the music was gone.  The gang members took a moment to realize it, but once they did, everyone's attention left Lara.  They looked at the barrel.  The fire had radically weakened.
Jean returned to Lara, concern covering his face.  She felt a vague sense of relief, but she was furious at him for letting the gang members have her.  He inspected her, especially her neck, and then he wrapped his strong, protective arms around her shoulders.  Lara's anger dwindled, and she was his rag doll.
The gang members abandoned Lara and stood, still staring toward the fire.  Lara focused through their legs to see what was transpiring.
A well-dressed group of people stood in front of the window.  Lara recognized them from the festival the other night.  They were from LeVir Lake.  Jean's sister stood in the front of the group, but it was the blonde girl standing next to her who addressed the gang.
"What's going on here?"  The blonde queried as if she already knew the answer.  Jean's sister looked straight at Lara and smirked.
One of the gang members stepped up to the LeVirs.  "We're having a party.  What of it?"
"What for?" the blonde asked, again speaking as if she already knew the answer.
"What the hell do you want?" another gang member demanded.
The insolence delighted the blonde.  She grinned, her pearly teeth reflecting the dim fire.  "We've heard there are Vampires in L.A.," she said.  "We're looking for them."
"What of them?" the rude gang member said.
A big man with a white beard roared, "They're breaking the rules."
"What rules?"
Lara noticed the gang leader slink out of view.
"The rules of being a Vampire," replied a tiny, alluring woman with a faint foreign accent.
"You were going to turn another tonight, were you not?" the blonde asked.
"What do you got to say about it?" the gang member challenged.
The white-bearded man boomed, making most of the gang members flinch, "We have a lot to say about it."
Lara noticed more LeVirs entering through the apartment's front door and hallway, outnumbering the gang members.  The gang shifted nervously.
"Who is the leader of the Vampires?" the blonde asked.
The gang looked around.
"Who is the leader of the Vampires?" the blonde asked again, this time demanding.
Someone pointed to a corner behind the LeVirs, where the gang leader was preparing to make a break for it out the window.  She shrunk from the LeVirs, shaking her head, her expression apologetic, begging, devastated.
"Clementine," Jean's sister named her, disappointment in her voice.
The gang looked confused.  They whispered the name "Clementine" amongst themselves as they stared at their leader.  The gang leader shrunk even further, now half her actual height.
"What did you think you were doing?" the blonde asked the leader, brimming with cloying disdain.  "You made a clan without permission?  You crowned yourself ruler?"
The white-bearded man crowed, "Who is the leader of the Vampires?"
The gang members didn't know what to say.
Jean stroked Lara's hair.  Her eyelids grew heavy, but she resisted their wish to close.  She wanted to see what was going to happen.
Jean's sister smirked.  "Who is the leader of the Vampires?" she repeated her cohort's question, syrupy sweetness dripping from her voice.
Not sure what to do, the gang members pointed to Clementine.  Clementine looked as if it were her death sentence.
The LeVirs grinned.  A couple of them shut the apartment door and pushed the heavy fire barrel against it.  The gang members, in their bewilderment, simply watched as they were trapped in the apartment with only one remaining exit.
One by one, the LeVirs leapt out the window.  Lara would have gasped if she could.  The white-bearded man braced his arm around Jean's sister.  As he prepared to jump out of the apartment, she made eye contact with Lara, and winked.
Lara's eyes closed.  She forced them back open.  She didn't want to miss whatever was about to occur.
Besides Jean and Lara, only gang members remained in the decrepit apartment.  They looked around with bewilderment, then relief.
Clementine was still frozen against the wall.  Her saucer-like eyes remained fixed on the window, so Lara kept her focus in that direction.
Outside, a scratching sound started.  It approached the window, getting louder and slower as it neared.  A shadow passed into the room, crossing the ceiling.  Then, something scaled the exterior wall and spread out over the window--an inhuman silhouette.  Eight spindly legs protruded from its arachnid body.  It clung to the window frame.
Lara would have shrieked if she'd had the ability.  The gang members screamed and retreated to the barricaded door.  They flung the barrel away, and the embers from inside it tumbled across the floor, spreading their burning infection throughout the room, but the gang could not get the door to open.  Jean just sat against the wall, holding Lara as the frightening figure entered the fiery apartment, reaching each of its legs through the window to tap the wobbly floor.
Little by little, the creature morphed.  The shape shrunk, compacting, modifying into the body of a nude woman.  The glow from the rapidly expanding barrel fire licked her face.  Lara's eyesight was getting fuzzy and she could hardly make out the woman's long, jet black hair and ghostly white skin.  Yet, even with her increasingly blurry perception, Lara could tell that the woman was young and exceptionally beautiful.  She was the most beautiful thing Lara had ever seen.
The woman stopped a few feet inside the window.  She stared down at Clementine, still crouched against the wall, and wordlessly beckoned her.  Clementine cowered even further.  The woman reached out her hand.  The action seized control of Clementine's body.  As the woman coasted her hand to point directly in front of her, Clementine followed it.  Every inch of the gang leader's body trembled as she prostrated herself in front of the woman, resolving any questions about who the real leader of the Vampires was.
Lara's eyes closed again, but she employed all of her remaining strength to reopen them.  She had noticed something uncanny about the mysterious woman.  Lara focused on the woman's eyes.  They were on fire, just the like room.  An ethereal red luminosity gleamed in her pupils.
The LeVirs soared back into the apartment.  They attacked the screaming gang members.  Not one of them got away as the fire spread throughout the apartment and the building.
Jean placed his hand over Lara's eyes.  She succumbed to her eyelids' longings.  The gang's screams faded and the heat from the fire vanished as Lara fell asleep.



Chapter Thirteen


Luke opened his eyes.  How had he fallen asleep?  He knew he shouldn't have moved to the couch.  Luke looked at the clock.  It was half past seven in the morning.  The TV was still on.  The morning news presented footage of a septic truck stuck in a sinkhole somewhere in San Bernardino County.  The reporter cracked a joke but Luke didn't laugh.  The next story was about an apartment building fire in Los Angeles.  The anchor conveyed that it was an abandoned building often used for gang parties.  It was unknown whether any people were in the building at the time of the fire, but if there were, it was unlikely they escaped.  Once the fire took root, the building collapsed.
Luke stretched, casting a glance out the window.  The blue Mustang sat in the driveway.  Luke raced up the stairs and burst into Lara's room.  Lara lay in her bed, neatly tucked in up to her shoulders.  The bedding rose and fell as she breathed.  Luke touched her blanket-wrapped arm.  Lara's eyes opened.  She sleepily glared at her brother.  "What are you doing in my room?" she demanded.
Her belligerence elated Luke.  She was back and she was okay, acting like her normal self.  "What time did you get home?" he asked.
"I don't know," Lara mumbled as she turned away from Luke, closing her eyes.  "I had the weirdest dream.  I went to a party with Jean, and there was a fight.  Jean saved me from them."
"From who?" Luke didn't actually care.  He was too ecstatic that Lara was actually there, physically in front of him.
"Vampires."  Lara yawned and drifted back to sleep.
Luke's heart stopped.  The room spun around him.  His pulse restarted at an alarmingly elevated rate as he refocused on his sister.  Lara had dreamt about vampires.  Could it be some random coincidence?  Luke shuffled to his room in a daze.  He stared out the window.  The Padreses began their daily pilgrimage.  As Jan passed Luke's window, she nodded at him.  She seemed to know Lara was all right.  Luke watched until all the kids walked through the gate.  The road was clear and the sun was shining.  Luke pondered whether it was possible for vampires to exist in such a bright world.  Pictures of horror movies flipped through his head like from a slide projector.  He halted his thoughts, scolding himself for getting caught up in nonsense.
The doorbell rang, echoing through the house.  Luke figured he was the only one awake at that hour, so he had to answer it.  He went downstairs and opened the front door.  It was Colette.  "Hey, stranger," she purred.
Luke crossed his arms over his heart, which pounded at Colette's presence.  He didn't want her to hear it.  He leaned against the doorframe, a cold frown carved into his face.  "What are you doing here at eight in the morning?"
"Is it that early?" she marveled.  "I didn't realize.  I couldn't sleep last night.  I must have lost track of how slow time was going."  Colette waited for Luke to speak, but he had nothing else to say.  She crossed her arms, her bare hands squeezing her limbs.  "I've shown you my home.  Aren't you going to invite me into yours?"
"Do you need me to?"
"It's common courtesy," she chided.
"No," Luke said, "you can't come in."
Colette slipped past Luke and into his house.  Luke balked at her arrogance.  She walked straight into the white parlor and sat on the sofa.  Luke closed the door and followed her.  "Why are you here?" Luke asked.
"Why are you being such an ass?" she countered.
Luke paused.  He was being an ass.  Colette hadn't done anything wrong--or at least Luke couldn't prove she had.  Besides, that was no way to treat a girl like her.  "Sorry.  I'm just really stressed out," he explained.  "Lara disappeared for two days with your brother, and I'm not entirely trustful of LeVirs right now."  Luke plopped down beside Colette.  She slid closer to him.  She smiled, her eyes even more hollow than the first time he'd met her.  It was almost like he could see to the back of her head.
"Something to drink?"
Luke wasn't sure whether he or Colette had asked the question, but he led Colette into the kitchen.  As he poured two glasses of orange juice, Colette turned her attention to the flatware piled on a paper towel, drying on the counter.  Lisa used to pile the flatware on the counter to dry like that at the Salem house before Lawrence installed a dishwasher.  Why had she done it here?  Colette organized the flatware into a line.
"Let me apologize for Jean," Colette said, "since he won't.  He does whatever he wants, he never thinks of other people."
"Sounds like Lara.  Do you know what they were doing for two days?"
Colette shrugged, absorbed in straightening the flatware.  "Probably just driving around.  Jean has friends everywhere, so they could have gone anywhere.  He's the kind of guy people like at their parties.  Fun-loving, an unbridled sense of humor.  Jean finds everything funny, especially when it's most definitely not."  Luke offered Colette a glass, but she didn't notice.  She didn't even seem to remember he was there.
"What are you doing?" Luke asked.
Colette ran her fingers over the fork tines.  She glanced at him, serious, cryptic.  "I like things orderly."
The room fell out of focus for a second.  Luke shook his head.  He felt drunk--no, hung over.  He'd only experienced that feeling once the morning after last Halloween when his friends had dared him to chug a large concoction they had mixed from every bottle in one of their parents' liquor cabinets.  He didn't remember most of what had happened the rest of the night, but the next day, his eyes wouldn't focus properly as if they were letting in too much light, and his entire body felt nauseated.  Now, standing with Colette in the kitchen, nothing felt right.  He chalked it up to sleeping in a weird position on the couch.  He tried to shake off the weirdness and offered Colette the glass again.  She took it, but during the transfer, some juice spilled onto her hand.
"It's okay," Colette said before Luke could apologize.  She washed her hands, scrubbing staunchly with dishwashing fluid.  She grabbed for the paper towels, but the roll toppled off the counter and onto the floor.  It rolled into the hall, unwinding as it went.  Colette dropped to her hands and knees to roll up the paper towels.  Luke bent down to help, but Colette swatted him away.  He relented and sipped his orange juice as he watched her obsessive-compulsive mania.  Colette set the immaculately rolled paper towels back on the counter.  "I have to clean messes as soon as they're made," she said.  "I can't do anything else until everything is where it should be."   She stepped backward toward the hall.  "It's a beautiful day.  Do you want to go for a walk?"  Luke and Colette walked in step out the front door and down Prudence Boulevard.  The sun was already over the wall, casting its radiance over the town from a bright blue sky that reminded him of Salem, but the heat didn't touch Luke.  He felt chilly all over.
"How are you adjusting to life in a small town?" Colette asked.
"It's a really small town," Luke said.  "It's weird how most of the people are either Padreses or LeVirs.  How do people outside the two families ever come here?"
"You did."
"Not by choice," Luke highlighted.  He wondered who had told his grandparents about LeVir Lake.  Maybe it was a Bible-thumper Padres trying to lure them in like they did Marlene.
"What do you think of the Padres?" Colette asked.
"They're weird.  They're not social at all.  The only interaction I have with them is through Jan, and sometimes Marc," he added, remembering his strange interface with Marc the previous day.
"The Wonder Cousins," Colette cracked.  She slipped her arm through Luke's, cozying up to him.  "What do you think of the LeVirs?"
Luke didn't want to insult Colette's family, but they weren't much higher in Luke's esteem than the Padreses.  "They're...okay."
Colette rolled her eyes.  "Thanks.  Now tell me what you really think."
Luke looked for an inoffensive expression of his opinion.  "Your family is weird, too, but I haven't really gotten to know anyone but you, so I can't say anything for sure."
Colette nodded.  "That was a very diplomatic answer.  You'll make a good leader."
"I thought about running for class president last year, but I decided not to since the same girl's been president of my class since, like, kindergarten."
"Every reign has to come to an end."  The seriousness in Colette's voice returned.
"You're one to talk," Luke teased.  "Your dad's been mayor for how long?"
"For as long as I've lived here, and before."
"Is your brother going to follow your dad into politics?" Luke asked.  "Because I would never vote for him."
Colette smirked.  "Jean really put a fly in your ointment.  I didn't think you cared about your sister that much."
"She's my sister," Luke cleared the matter.  "You know how it is.  Wouldn't you worry if Jean suddenly disappeared?"
"He can take care of himself."
As they turned onto LeVir Lake Avenue, Luke couldn't stop watching Colette.  He willed time to slow so he could enjoy the view.  Her hair wafted around her beautiful face, sliding past her shoulders and down her spine, ending a couple of inches above the exposed small of her back.  Her hips swayed in a mesmerizing figure-eight pattern as she walked.  Luke wanted to touch her bronze skin.  He wanted to rub her all over with suntan lotion.  Colette was the only LeVir he had seen with a tan.  Everyone else in her family was pale to the point of translucency.  They probably never went out in the sun without layers of protection.
Like a vampire?
Luke was surprised at Jan's words suddenly popping into his mind.  It was like she was right next to him speaking into his ear.  But the more he thought about it, the more he could associate the LeVirs with the vampire mythology he knew.  Even though he could rationalize most of the strange tendencies he'd seen, Luke found himself speculating that Jan's crazy tirades had validity.
"What are you looking at?" Colette asked, a slightly discomfited giggle accompanying her question.
Luke had been staring bald-facedly at her as his mind ran away with itself.  He searched for an excuse.  "Your hair.  It's gorgeous."  Great.  He had managed to say the most effeminate thing possible.  Luke hoped it didn't turn Colette off.  The way she smiled at him told Luke it didn't.
"Come on," Colette invited, "I want to show you something."  She hurried Luke to the mayor's mansion and heaved open the door, splitting the animal head.  They rushed though the grand foyer and swerved into a hallway.  Colette pulled Luke up a flight of stairs.  They went up another, and another.  Luke trotted effortlessly up the stairs.  Since quitting sports, Luke had fallen out of shape, but somehow the steep staircases were no problem for him.  He wasn't even breathing heavily.  When they reached the top, Colette gripped a doorknob and asked, "Are you ready?"  She opened the door.  They were on the flat roof of the fort-like building.  Luke stepped into the fresh air.  A cool breeze swept past him.
The view was spectacular.  Luke could see every part of LeVir Lake and beyond.  The town was a perfect circle, and past the wall and trees, the desert stretched over the horizon, interrupted only by the lone road barely connecting them to the outside world.
Colette stood at the very edge of the roof.  Luke commented, "You really do have a thing for heights."  
Colette grinned.  "It's quieter up here.  Less complicated, I think.  Come here."  Luke joined her at the roof's edge.  He peeked over.  It was a long way down--longer than he had expected to see.  Colette eyed him playfully.  "What did you think the first time you saw me?"
Luke had thought she was gorgeous and exotic and he had wanted to meet her so desperately he couldn't think enough to speak, but he didn't want Colette to know all that.  He wanted Colette to think he was suave, maybe even to the point of aloofness.  "I wanted to know your name."
She was very happy with that answer.  "I've always liked the name Colette.  I love it here in LeVir Lake, even with the Padres constantly trying to push us out.  And I love being here with you.  I've have been waiting so long to stand here looking over the LeVirs with the perfect man, and I'm so happy I don't have to wait any longer."  Luke looked around to make sure Colette was talking about him.  He was nowhere near perfect, but far be it from him to shatter her fantasy.  In fact, he could barely contain his bliss that Colette thought of him that way.  Luke smiled at her.  She smiled back.  Her fingers crept over his hand, caressing his palm before interlacing with his.  Hot electricity coursed through his body.  He stared at her lips.  They looked redder than they had a minute ago.
"Come on," Colette said, returning to the roof's entrance, casting a concerned glance at the blue sky, "I have more to show you."  Luke looked up.  Dark gray clouds were quickly rolling in from the horizon.  A storm was coming.  Fast.
They arrived back in the grand foyer as Andre and Chrissy descended the camouflaged staircase.  Jean was behind them.  Luke's blood boiled, and not just because of the hundreds of candle flames surrounding him.
"My beloved sister," Jean bellowed.  "What do you got there?"
Colette turned to Luke.  "I don't think you've properly met my brother, Jean-Beau LeVir.  Jean, this is Luke Wright.  Be nice."
Jean offered a hand, which Luke bitterly accepted.  The second Jean had a hold of him, he wrenched Luke into a man hug that involved backslapping.  Jean refused to let go until Luke slapped his back in return.
"So," Jean encroached, "what are you two doing?"
"We're just hanging out," Colette said, smiling at Luke.
"Just hanging out?" Jean parroted.  "Sounds dull.  Why don't you take the Hummer into the desert and see what the Padreses are doing?  You could use them for target practice.  A hundred points for Jan."  Luke's glare spelled out how unamusing he found Jean's comment.  After a long, tense, very uncomfortable silence, Jean laughed, "I'm just playing, Luke.  Lighten up."
Chrissy joined the conversation.  "What were you two planning to do today?"
"Just hanging out," Colette repeated, "I was about to show Luke the Hallway."
"Splendid," Andre boomed.  "We'll come, too."
Colette pursed her lips, giving off distinct signals that she did not want her family tagging along.  Luke mirrored her annoyance, but the LeVirs were insistent.  The only sound was their footsteps echoing as they crossed the foyer.  Colette opened the first door beyond the foyer, which led to a long, curved hallway.  Old portraits hung along the right wall.  "Daddy," Colette said maturely, "since you're here, would you like to start?"
"Certainly."  Andre acknowledged the first portrait.  "This strapping man was Jacques LeVir: the very first LeVir."  Luke noticed the man in the portrait had a white beard similar to Andre's, except the one in the portrait was even longer, reaching past his belt.  In fact, there were a number of likenesses between the two men.  Same barrel chest, same hazel eyes, same strong nose, same number of crow's feet.  Luke peered closer as Andre narrated, "Originating in Syria, Jacques moved his family in the late 1100s to what is now France, where he earned the surname LeVir--'the man.'  All men wanted to be like him."  Luke studied the portrait.  In the lower right corner, a single "V" marked the canvas.
A mental image barraged Luke's mind.  He saw Andre clothed in peasant rags, laying on the dirt floor of a fire-lit shack, gasping in shock.  Motionless next to him, a younger man lay drenched in blood.  The image felt almost like a memory.  As suddenly as it had struck, it abandoned Luke, leaving him to ponder its source.  He caught Jean leering at him.  "Let's move on," Colette said.
The next portrait portrayed two women clutching each other, their garments falling off their shoulders.  Luke thought it rather erotic for a family portrait.  One of the women was close to slipping a nipple out.  Once Luke was able to actually look at her face, he realized she bore a remarkable resemblance to Chrissy, although the lady in the portrait was much younger.  "These were Jacques' wives," Chrissy explained.  "Legend has it they were lovers.  Jacques demanded marriage of one of them, so they both married him in order to stay together."
Jean interrupted, "I'm sure Jacques didn't mind the arrangement."  Chrissy cleared her throat.  Andre laughed.
Again, a flash of pseudo-memory invaded Luke's mind.  He saw Chrissy also wearing peasant rags and covered in splashes of blood and dirt, writhing on the ground, her eyes rolling back into her head.  The vision vanished.  Luke looked at Chrissy.  She noticed his glance and grinned her enchantingly sweet smile at him.
Jean led them to the next portrait, which held the "V" marking.  When Luke saw that the man in the portrait looked exactly like Jean, complete with freakishly long eyelashes, he grew suspicious.  Jean reported, "This, the jewel of the LeVir family, was Piotr LeVir.  He valiantly led the family after his great-grandfather Jacques died of influenza.  Poor man."  Andre grumbled something that sounded like an insult.  Jean continued, "Piotr married ten times, but no wife lived longer than two months.  It was rumored he was far too good in bed, and he pleasured his women to death."
Colette needled, "Aspiring to something, brother?"
Jean put his arm around Colette's waist and pulled her to him, pressing his groin against her hips.  "Dear sister, if only you knew what I was aspiring to."  His gaze reeked of incestuous lust.  Luke want to punch him across the room.  It was yet another reason for Luke to despise him.  Jean left his sister and turned back to the portrait.  "Piotr lived a remarkably long life--"
"And died of a boar attack," Andre finished.  "Poor man."
Another image bombarded Luke's mind.  He saw Jean facing away from him, dressed in thirteenth-century nobleman apparel.  Jean stood over a dead woman in a dark alleyway.  He spun around, glowering directly at Luke.  Luke lurched as the illusion ceased.  Colette touched his shoulder, steadying him.  Luke looked at Jean, who was scowling at Andre.
"All right, you two," Chrissy disrupted their stare-off.  "I think it's time we left these young people alone."  She winked at Luke as she pushed Andre and Jean toward the beginning of the hall.  Luke smiled at Chrissy, unable to help himself.  
Jean slipped away from his mother's urging.  He shot toward Luke, pushing him against the wall, pressing their bodies together and blasting hot words into Luke's ear.  Jean's skin was freezing, and his breath stunk of flesh rot.  "You were planning on more than just hanging out with my sister, weren't you?" Jean accused.  "You want to violate her, you pervert.  I know what you do when you're alone at night.  I saw you with those magazines."  Luke jumped.  How could Jean possibly know about his nudie magazines?  Then he realized the most obvious answer.  Damn Lara and her big mouth!
"Jean!" Colette exclaimed.  "One of these days, I am going to kill you!"  Her words ricocheted around the hallway before they crash landed in the smooth swath of flesh between Jean's eyes.  In one swift, dance-like movement, almost too fast for Luke to see, Jean left Luke and pressed his cheek against Colette's.  Jean pulled Colette's hips to his, thrusting his pelvis into hers.
"Silly sister," he hissed, "you can't threaten me like that."  Colette pushed Jean off her.  She glared at her brother, ice in her black eyes.  Jean, satisfied with the vexation he had caused, left after Chrissy and Andre.
"I'm sorry about that," Colette apologized.  "My brother's psychotic sometimes.  Most times," she rethought.  Jean's behavior sickened Luke, but Colette wasn't nearly as upset as Luke thought she should be.  He fixed his eyes on the next portrait to take his mind off his new least favorite person, finding the "V" in the corner of the painting.  Though his last vision had almost been painful, the images were fascinating.  He waited anxiously for the next one.
Luke's interest pleased Colette.  "That's Piotr's sister.  It gets pretty boring for a while.  Let's skip ahead."  Colette escorted Luke down the hall until they arrived at another Andre look-alike, except this man had a white goatee in place of a beard.  Luke involuntarily shook his head.  Who were the LeVirs trying to fool?  "This is Claude LeVir," Colette told.  "He's the one who moved the LeVirs to the New World.  On the ship over, everyone aboard succumbed to a mysterious disease.  By the time it reached port in Massachusetts, nearly everyone was dead.  Andre and his three daughters were among the survivors.  Andre and his youngest daughter recovered quickly, but Catherine and Anne had to be quarantined for months.  During that time, Andre boasted of his daughters' incomparable beauty, and when they were finally well enough to join the living, the entire settlement gathered for their coming out.  The people were not disappointed."
Colette pointed to a portrait of two of Claude LeVir's daughters, which did not possess a "V."  The daughter on the left was someone Luke had never seen before, though he felt he should know who she was.  The other girl was the spitting image of Bunny.  The two girls looked nothing like sisters.  The only semblance they shared was their hair, but even that was different shades of blonde.
Luke's mind showed him Bunny, her light silky hair streaming down an archaic green gown.  She stood at the edge of a swamp, staring at the cloudy sky.  She looked down, silent tears spilling out of her eyes.  As she turned away, the vision ended.  Her sadness lingered in Luke.
Colette continued, "The first person the sisters saw when they emerged was a prominent businessman, Simon Warrick.  Both girls instantly fell in love with the handsome bachelor Simon, sparking a strong tiff between them, which grew mightier when he chose Catherine over Anne."  The next portrait was Simon and Catherine's wedding portrait.  It illustrated that Catherine was the one who looked like Bunny.  Once again, Luke found the "V."  Colette's voice softened.  She sounded far away.  "Unexpectedly, Simon died."
Luke saw Simon's corpse sink into a creek.
"Anne was blamed.  She escaped trial by running away.  She ended up near Salem Town around the time of the witch trials, and she married a young militiaman named Thomas Furrey."  The next portrait was Anne's wedding portrait, in which she sat next to an angry-looking man with hate-filled eyes.  Luke knew the face exactly.  It was Thomas, the man from the LeVirs' garage.  Luke stared into the eyes.  He anticipated another vision, but nothing came.  He peered closer at the portrait and found a miniscule "V" nested in Thomas's right eye.  "Entrancing, aren't they?" Colette remarked, reaching toward Thomas's eyes but stopping just short of touching the painting.  "They're direct, brutal, zooming at you like the tip of an arrow."  Colette allowed Luke to appreciate Thomas Furrey's portrait a moment longer before she dragged him away, passing several more portraits.  "We're walking through history," she said.  "The estranged sisters find each other and the family reunites.  The LeVirs cross America and settle in California.  We hire the Padres to build our little civilization in the middle of the desert.  And halt."  Colette stopped Luke in front of the portrait of a pale young man and an adolescent Mexican girl.  "This is a story I cannot skip.  Soon after the Padres started working for us, a little Padres girl named Maria wandered into the woods and met young Richard LeVir.  Against her parents' wishes, Maria snuck off every day to play with Richard, and they grew up together, eventually falling in love.  Neither family agreed to them marrying--the Padres completely forbid it--so Richard and Maria planned to run away together.  The LeVirs found out about their plans and elected to let them wed rather than have them face the desert elements alone.  The LeVirs held a secret marriage ceremony and hid the newlyweds in the mansion so the Padres could not snatch Maria from her Richard."
An image of the lovers locked in an anxious embrace zipped through Luke's mind.
"The Padres accused the LeVirs of killing Maria.  They've hated us ever since."  Colette sighed.  Luke watched her examine Richard and Maria's portrait.  She stroked the frame near the "V" in the lower right corner.
She was so beautiful.  Luke stepped closer to Colette, catching her scent.  It was like crisp air on a winter's day.  It reminded him of a lifetime of Christmases in Salem.  He inhaled.  Colette detected his actions and looked at him.  For a second, Luke was embarrassed.  Then, Colette gifted him with an encouraging smile, and Luke was invincible.  He drew even nearer to her, touching the tip of his nose to hers.  Colette leaned her forehead against his and looked down.  She seemed sad.  Luke hooked his forefinger under her chin and lifted.  She gazed into his eyes.
They kissed.
Impassioned flames overtook Luke's body and brain.  He hugged Colette against him, kissing her deeply.  She fit perfectly in his arms.  Colette pulled away and grabbed his hand.  She escorted him farther down the hall, occasionally pausing to enjoy another kiss.  They reached the end of the hall and stood in the middle of a candlelit bedroom draped in shades of red and pink.  A lush and silky-looking bed beckoned them.  Colette stepped away and faced him.  Luke's eyes fused to her.  She unbuttoned her shirt.  "I've been saving myself for you," she admitted.  It was the sexiest thing Luke had ever heard.  Colette paused, her hand resting on the button at her chest.  Luke could see the tiny white bow in the center of her pastel blue bra.  "Do you want me?" she asked.  Luke moved his mouth, but no words came out.  He could only stare as Colette grew impossibly more gorgeous, glowing along with the candlelight.  She asked him again, her voice a charged whisper.  "Do you want me?"  Luke couldn't move.  Colette turned toward the veiled doorway of another room.  She vanished behind the thin divider.
Luke felt like a statue.  He wanted Colette to come back.  He wanted to follow her, to tell her she was everything he ever wanted, more than he thought he'd ever get, but he couldn't move.  He tried to locate her in the other room, but she was out of sight.  His eyes shifted to the luxurious bed.  Deep red silk covered the mattress.  Matching pillows were set around the bed, some on, some off, but all in ordered arrangements.
"Luke," Colette's voice floated to him.  He looked.  Colette stood behind the veil in the other room.  She had changed into a diaphanous yellow nightgown.  Underneath the wispy material, Luke saw her lingerie, lacy yet simple.  She pulled the divider aside and stepped into the bedroom.  "I want you, too, Luke," she confessed.  "I have for longer than you've been alive."  She walked toward Luke, stopping a tender breathwidth in front of him.  Luke stared at the curves of her chest, expanding and collapsing as she breathed.  She reached out and placed her hand over his heart, the same as she had done in her garden.  A shock sprang from her skin into Luke's heart, fibrillating new life into him.  Colette moved forward and rested her head against his chest.  Luke's heart raced, but his mind was serene.  They didn't need to go any further than that and Luke would be content for the rest of his life.  He inhaled deeply, breathing Colette's scent.  His knees threatened to buckle, but Luke forced them to stay.  He needed to hold Colette more than he'd needed anything in his life.  She swept her hands down along his arms.  She lifted the hem of his shirt, assisting Luke with moving his arms until the shirt was up and over his head.  She dropped it on the floor.  She stroked his bare chest with her flawlessly manicured fingernails.  An invigorating shock whooshed in a steady pulse through Luke's limbs.  Colette glided back so Luke could see her complete form.  She guided the straps of her gown off her shoulders.  Losing its support, the gown fell.  Luke wished he could have been that gown as it slid over her skin all the way to the ground.  His body trembled and throbbed.  Colette reached for him.  "Come to me."  Her mouth didn't move, but he heard her all the same.  Luke had no idea how his legs supported him as he moved toward Colette.  He couldn't even feel his feet touching the ground, as if he were floating.  Colette took both of his hands and placed his fingers on the front clasp of her bra under the tiny bow, silently instructing him.  Luke unclasped the device and peeled the lacy cups from her body.  He felt dizzy as he revealed her breasts.  Luke's fingers caressed her skin as they rose to push her hair off her shoulders.  Although eager, his hands traveled in strained slow motion.  Colette moaned, tortured by how drawn out his motions were.  They kissed again, their bare chests pressing together along with their lips.  Colette's hands drifted to Luke's jeans, unfastening them.  Luke wiggled, inducing his pants to fall.  Colette giggled.
A powerful surge of carnal lust invaded Luke.  He seized Colette's thighs and lifted her.  Her legs wrapped around his waist.  He gripped her butt firmly and carried her to the bed.  As Colette lay down, she pulled Luke on top of her.  He savored her direction.  Colette pushed Luke to roll onto his back, and she straddled his legs.  She shifted down along his body, kissing his neck, chest, stomach.  Luke couldn't take his eyes off her.  She raised her head to smirk at him.
Colette's face changed.  
Her skin lost all color and her hair darkened to jet-black.  
Her bicuspids lengthened.  Her pupils glowed red.
She was the centerfold girl.
She was a vampire.
The bed disappeared from under them and Luke fell, shrouded in the silk sheets.  
Unnatural, hysterical laughter echoed all around him.  
Luke struggled to break free from the sheets, but they wrapped tighter around him, smothering him.
Suffocating him.  
Constricting him like a giant snake.
His back struck a hard surface.  
A bright light flashed, blinding him before everything went black.



Chapter 14


LUKE BOLTED UPRIGHT.  He was on his living room couch.  He had fallen asleep.
He rubbed his sore head.  It throbbed as if he had actually fallen off the couch and hit it.  That had been the most real dream he had ever had.
Luke looked at the clock.  It was closing in on eight a.m.  The TV was on, and the morning news broadcast an apartment building fire in L.A.
Luke stared at the screen.  He was almost positive he had seen the exact same report in his dream.  He looked out the window and saw the blue Mustang parked in the driveway.
Luke leapt off the couch, scrambled up the stairs, and burst through Lara's bedroom door.
There she was, lying on her stomach in her bed with the blankets draped over her and her feet sticking out.  She was abnormally still.  Luke searched for any sign of life from his sister, but he couldn't even tell whether she was breathing.  He crept toward her, hopeful and hopeless.
Lara snored, startling Luke.  He laughed at the sound, relief relaxing his tense muscles.  Of course she was all right.  Lara could take care of herself.  Shaking his head at his own ridiculousness, Luke turned to leave.
Then, he noticed a sash tied around Lara's neck.  He stopped smiling.  He knew in his gut why it was there.  Luke untied the knot securing the sash.  He exposed his sister's neck.
Luke was out of his house in an instant.
He sprinted to Jan's house, praying she hadn't left already.  He pounded on her front door.  Karol answered.  Luke pushed his way inside and tore up the stairs to Jan's room.  He found her seated at her vanity putting her hair up in a ponytail.
Jan jumped up, snatching her stake with the crucifix carved into the end and posing to strike.  She saw who had invaded her room and put the stake down.
"She was bitten," Luke panted.
"Who?"
"Lara."
"You saw her?  Where is she?"
"She's in her bed sleeping."
Jan looked confused.  "She's in her bed?  She's still alive?"
"Jan, they bit her.  She's going to become a vampire!"
Jan crossed the room and placed a calm hand on Luke's shoulder.  "That's not how it works," she assured him.  "She's still alive and she's in your house.  She's not going to become a vampire.  If she were, she'd be in their lair right now regaining her strength.  She's all right...for now."
"Jan, what am I going to do?  My sister's been bitten by a vampire.  What am I going to tell my mom?"  Luke thought of Lara lying unconscious in her bed.  "Don't they want her?" he asked.
"Oh, they want her," Jan said as she checked the smoothness of her ponytail.  "But I'm pretty certain," she looked Luke up and down, "they want you more.  I think they're going to use her to get to you."  Jan deliberated in her head for a moment as she pulled on her shoes, then she nodded.  "You need to come with me to training this morning.  I can teach you a few basic self-defense techniques."
Jan took Luke downstairs and through a swinging door to the kitchen, where Karol had breakfast ready for both of them.  Jan said grace.  Luke joined her.  He felt he needed to.
As they ate in silence, Luke remembered how he had ruminated whether LeVir Lake was a commune.  It had been an apt query at the time, but Luke realized how idiotic he had been.  He had known from the instant he entered the town--from the mysteriously cool mid-desert breeze to the disappearing townsfolk--that something was wrong in LeVir Lake.  But he hadn't simply ignored those instincts.  He had been too stupid to know they were even there.
They finished breakfast and left the house as the rest of the Padres kids headed toward the town gate.  Jan and Luke joined the migration.  A few kids beheld Luke with questions in their eyes, but the rest accepted his presence automatically.
Luke was looking around, noting which houses Padres kids were coming out of, when he noticed Marlene's front door was wide open.  Luke couldn't stand the woman, but he wondered where a lady of the night like her could be at such an early hour.
As the Padres kids passed through the gate, they formed a single file line.  A symphony of crunching gravel played as the Padres children headed away from town.  Jan was last, directing Luke to walk in front of her.  She cast a quick glance back through the open gate before leaving town.
Marc was at the very front of the line, tossing pebbles onto the road in front of him.  For the first time, Luke noticed how much older Marc and Jan were than the rest of the Padres kids.  They looked like two camp counselors taking a bunch of campers on a desert hike.  Suddenly, Marc froze.  The rest of the line stopped immediately, free from the normal bumping into each other that usually accompanied such an abrupt halt.  Only Luke was caught off guard, and he had to spin his arms back to stop himself from falling into the kid in front of him.  Luke craned his neck to see what Marc was doing.
Marc squatted, inspecting the road in front of him.  He reached into his back pocket and produced a silver dollar.  Marc placed it on the back of his thumb and flipped it into the air.  It spun to the ground.  Before Luke could decode Marc's actions, an arc of dirt and gravel sprang out of the road toward the trees.  In the woods, something rushed away.  Something big.  When the debris settled, a strange device wobbled inside the trees.  The Padres kids murmured amongst themselves.
As the line resumed forward motion, Jan explained to Luke, "The LeVirs hide traps on the road to get us into the woods.  Even though it's daytime out here, it's always like night in there, and they can hunt freely."
The kids passed the trees and proceeded into the desert to where the shadows ended.  They turned right and marched through the sand, skirting the trees.  Luke wondered whether they were going to circle the entire town.  Even though it was still early, now that they were outside the wall and away from the mysterious pleasance of the LeVir Lake air, the sun hammered him with heat.  Jan supplied him with a bottle of water, which Luke gratefully accepted.
Jan said, "When the LeVirs had the Padreses build the town wall, the plans only called for one entrance.  We didn't know why at the time and didn't question it.  The entrance faces west, where the sun sets.  That way, if any LeVir is in town when day breaks, the shadow of the wall will protect them until they get out.  We train on the due east end of the wall where there are no shadows but our own."
As the kids rounded the woods, an extensive training area came into view.  Luke stared at the huge, mechanical gauntlet situated next to the trees.  Garlic covered it.  But it was another scent that invaded his senses.
A bushel of death camas, with its deceptively perky white and yellow blooms, greeted the Padreses as they entered the training area.  The kids all walked right by it, immune to its powerful, incapacitating aroma.  Luke steered clear of the plant, but the scent stalked him.  He took shallow breaths until he was able to exhale all of the pungency from his nose.
The kids separated into three groups according to age and scattered to different sections of the training area.  One group trekked toward the trees where mounted dummies held multiple targets.  The youngest group walked past the gauntlet to a giant stack of wooden billets.  They started whittling the sticks into stakes.  The last group traveled a short distance into the desert and formed three lines.  Jan directed Luke to sit with the little kids as she joined the lines.
Luke sat in the coarse, dense sand next to a pretty little girl with long blonde hair and big brown eyes.  The girl furnished him with a thick stick and a chisel.  Luke followed her lead and started slicing thin strips of wood from the tip of the stick.  While he worked, Luke watched the group by the targets.  All of the kids possessed a single stake.  Each kid squared off with a dummy at varying distances.  One by one, the kids staked their dummies directly in the middle of the targets.
One boy, a bit younger than Lena, performed an impressive aerial flip, slamming the stake into his dummy's chest.  Another boy threw the stake from fifteen feet away, hitting the exact middle of the target.  A girl tossed her stake into the air, delivered a couple of martial arts kicks to the dummy, and caught the stake to impale the target.
A thunderous grunt sounded from the three lines, stealing Luke's attention.  Marc and Jan faced off with each other in front of the lines.  The cousins both wore blindfolds.  The rest of the kids stretched as Jan and Marc circled each other blindly.
Luke flinched as Marc attacked Jan feet first.  Jan sensed him and ducked, rolling under Marc as he sailed through the air.  Jan flipped to a stand and dropkicked at her cousin.  Marc spun around, his leg directed at Jan's face.  His foot barely missed her jaw.  She caught his ankle and flipped him.  Marc slammed into the compact sand, sending a cloud of it into the air, but he was unfazed.  He hopped up, spun around, got a sense of Jan's position, and punched at her chest.  Jan flipped backward, her feet grazing Marc's head.
Luke watched in awe as they assailed each other again and again without sight.  He looked to see if anyone else was watching, but the rest of the Padreses were focused on their own respective tasks.  The kids in the three lines paid their cousins absolutely no mind as they stretched.  Luke felt pain for them as they doubled over in unnatural ways.
Jan and Marc battled seamlessly, mainly via kicks, keeping their upper bodies a safe distance from each other.  They barely ever made contact.  It soon became evident that the cousins weren't in a fight, but rather, a test of skill.
The little girl nudged Luke.  She had completed two stakes while he had only carved a few slices.  Casting one more glance at Jan and Marc, Luke concentrated on his whittling.
He occasionally looked up to watch another pair of kids start blind combat.  After a while, everyone in the three lines was dueling.  The kids at the dummies continued to skewer their lifeless opponents in creative ways, and the little children put Luke to shame by cranking out six or seven perfect stakes in the time it took him to craft one with a crooked tip.
Luke was concentrating on his fourth stake when Jan tapped his shoulder.  Sweat stained her clothes, but it was the only evidence that she had been brawling for the last hour.  She informed Luke it was time to switch stations.
The little kids who had been carving stakes went into the desert and formed their own three lines.  They participated in a silent prayer, after which they collectively grunted.  The little kid grunt amused Luke.  They stretched, blindfolded themselves, and started one-on-one combat.  Luke was stunned at how skilled the children--the oldest of whom couldn't have been more than seven--were at kicking ass.  Luke wanted to learn how to do that.
Instead, Jan took him to the closest dummy and handed him a stake.
"Staking is harder than it looks," Jan explained.  "Though vampires are not human, they have human-like bodies, and you have to penetrate skin, muscle, and bone to pierce the heart.  Try it."
Luke positioned himself in front of his dummy.  He squared his shoulders away from the dummy like action stars did in movies, but the pose felt awkward.  He watched the kid beside him throw the stake into the air and kick it into a dummy from several feet away, and Luke felt even more awkward.
"It's all right if you don't get it on your first try," Jan said.  "For now, just concentrate on aim.  This hole in the center of the target is where the stake needs to go."
Luke nodded and lifted his stake.  He stared down the dummy.  Its burlap head looked back at Luke.  It mocked him.  Luke reared back and stabbed the dummy.  Not only did he fail to put the stake into the hole, Luke missed the target by half a foot.
"Let's go slower," Jan suggested.  "Practice hitting the target."
Jan demonstrated.  With measured slowness, she inserted the tip of the stake into the center of the target.  Luke couldn't help but see perverted undertones in the way her stake tenderly entered the hole, but he forced those thoughts out of his head and copied her movements.
"Good," Jan praised.  "Do it again."
Luke did it again.  And again.  He performed the motion over and over, his stake ramming the dummy's hole over and over again, his muscles winding up, until Jan stopped him.
"Now, try to hit it."
Luke reared back and stabbed the dummy through the target, leaving the stake hanging from the burlap.  His muscles relaxed and he felt oddly refreshed.
"Very good," Jan commended.
"You didn't think I could do it?" Luke jested.
"No," she answered honestly.
A stake whizzed past Luke's ear and hammered his stake, driving it into the wood that held up the dummy.  Luke whirled around.  Marc was grinning at him.
"Welcome to the Happy Hunting Grounds," Marc saluted.  "You finally realized what you're up against."
"His sister was bitten," Jan answered for Luke.
"That's what happens when you cavort with LeVirs," Marc dismissed, "but are you sure that's the only reason you've come here?"
Jan looked at Luke.  It hadn't dawned on her that Luke would be interested in learning to fight vampires for any reason other than protecting his family.
"Well," Luke said hesitantly, "I had a really strange dream last night."
"It involved vampires," Marc said matter-of-factly.
"Yeah, but only at the very end."
"Who?" Jan asked, alarmed at the disclosure.
"That girl--"
"What happened in the dream?" Marc pushed.
Luke felt his face turn red.  He didn't want to discuss the details of his dream, especially in front of Jan, though the look on her face told Luke she already knew what the dream had been about.
Unfortunately, Marc wasn't satisfied without Luke saying it.  "Well?" Marc prodded.
"Uh..."  Luke fought to find the simplest words, "Colette...seduced me."
"How fun for you," Marc jeered.  "All right, drop 'em."
"What?"
"Drop your pants," Marc ordered.  "We have to make sure no one got you."
Luke reeled back.  "It was just a dream."
"Yeah, just a dream," Marc taunted.  "You don't know a damn thing about vampires, do you?  Let's just say they have a few things in common with Freddy Krueger when it comes to the dream department.  Now drop 'em."
"Stop it, Marc," Jan cut in, surprising both Marc and Luke.  "Not in front of everybody.  I'll check him when we get back."
"Janny," Marc reasoned, "we have to know--"
"It's okay.  He'll let me.  I've done it before."
Luke gave Jan an appreciative look.
"You mean..."  Marc started, glaring at Luke.  Luke was afraid of how he was going to finish.  "You mean this isn't your first dream of this kind?"
Luke was taken aback that Marc didn't pry into Jan previously checking inside his pants.  "The first dream wasn't the same as the one I had last night," Luke explained.  "In the first one, I was suspended over a lake and I saw rats turn into the LeVirs, and then that girl floated over me and said, 'You're the one.'"
Marc snapped to look at Jan.  Jan responded in kind.  She had assumed Luke's first dream had merely been about sex.  Jan and Marc pulled Luke out of earshot of any kids.
"You've had multiple dreams about the girl who lured you into the woods?" Jan pressed, wrought with alarm.
"Yeah."
Marc urged, "In the dream last night, what did she do?  Did she say anything?"
"The dream was mainly focused on Colette," Luke answered with a little embarrassment, "but at the end, Colette turned into her."
Jan and Marc exchanged looks again.  The rest of the Padres kids had stopped what they were doing to watch Luke, Jan, and Marc.  Luke tried to ignore them.
Marc put his hand with six fingers on Luke's shoulder.  "Don't talk about this to anyone, even your family.  Jan, help him as much as you can.  We'll talk to Joaquin when we get back.  He'll know what to do."
Jan nodded.  The three of them returned to the training area.  The kids, although curious, went back to their tasks.  Jan spent the rest of the hour teaching Luke how to throw a stake.  He was able to make it stick exactly once.
At the beginning of the next hour, Jan took Luke to the three lines.  Luke was excited to learn how to fight as if he were in a video game.  Around them, the blindfolded Padres kids started kicking at each other, but Jan told Luke to sit.
"Have you ever taken a self-defense class like karate or kickboxing?" she asked.
"No, we could never afford it."
"That's okay.  There's nothing like good old-fashioned hand-to-hand combat."
Luke jerked as a foot came dangerously close to knocking him out.  "Yeah, hand-to-hand," he droned.
"That's basically what it is," Jan said, "except when dealing with vampires, you should never offer up your neck.  Try to punch me."
"Uh..."  Luke looked around.  The rest of the kids had slowed their movements to tune in to Jan and Luke.  Some of them had removed their blindfolds.  "I don't think so," he said.
"Come on, Luke.  Try to hit me.  I promise you won't."
That was a little kick in his pride.  Luke threw a flimsy punch at Jan's shoulder.  She snatched his wrist and yanked him toward her, her mouth ending up at his neck.
"See?"
Even though Jan had annihilated his pride and everyone was laughing at him, Luke found being so close to Jan to be very agreeable.  Sooner than he wanted, she pulled away.
An image of Colette filled Luke's mind and guilt struck him.  He felt like he was cheating on Colette by taking pleasure in Jan's company.  He reminded himself that his intimate interaction with Colette had only been a dream and forced the notion out of his head.
"That's why we focus mainly on using the lower body," Jan coached.  "Of course, you can't ignore your upper body because you need that strength for staking.  Stand up.  I'll show you some moves."
Jan taught him the basics: kicking forward, backward, and to the sides.  Luke enjoyed when Jan manually repositioned his body, and he was glad when the rest of the kids stopped paying attention to him.
Luke was a quick learner.  After he mastered the basics, Jan showed him a few other moves.  One was the dropkick she had used on Marc.  Another was a fan kick where her foot went above her head.  Luke tried it, and ended up only able to observe for a few minutes.  That was when Jan emphasized the importance of efficient stretching before training.
"You're doing better than I expected you to," Jan admitted.  "Marc told me you had an athletic past."
"He was asking me those questions for a reason?"
At the end of the hour, the kids packed up.  The hundreds of stakes piled next to the mountain of wood disappeared as most of the Padres kids stuffed knapsacks full of them.  Jan took only two and put them in her pockets.  Luke did the same.
Once everyone was equipped, the group congregated at the gauntlet.  The hot sun amplified the garlic's reek.
Marc turned on the machine.  With an ear-shattering screech followed by a rumbling groan, the gears turned and the gauntlet clamored into action.  Marc climbed to the entrance.  He had to scream to make himself heard over the machinery.
"Normally, we do this based on seniority, but since our new friend Luke has a lot to make up for, we'll let him go first."
Luke froze.  One of the kids standing in front of him observed to another, "This should be fun."
"Fresh meat," the other one joked.  Jan whacked the back of their heads.
Luke examined the gauntlet with horror.  He saw a couple of places in it that could seriously hurt him.
Luckily, Jan had a better idea.  "I volunteer to go first to demonstrate," she hollered above the noise.  Marc tried to oppose her, but she scolded him, "None of us had to go first our first time.  We had the chance to see how to do it.  Why shouldn't we give Luke the same courtesy?"  Luke's heart swelled with gratitude toward his friend.  "I'll go first," Jan asserted.
Jan climbed the steps.  She produced one of her stakes.  Before entering the mouth of the beast, she sent Luke a heartening smile.
Jan barreled into the machine, immediately greeted by a dummy, which she readily staked.  With a series of flips and leaps, Jan completed the gauntlet in less than a minute, having staked at least five dummies with a single stake.  She came out no worse for wear and returned to Luke's side.
"It's mainly instinct," she promised.  Luke nodded, though he felt no better about having to face the gauntlet.
Luke approached the colossal contraption.  Now that he knew he had to go through it, the thing looked even larger and more intimidating than when he first saw it, and the waves of stench from the garlic nearly blinded him.  Luke climbed the steps and stared into the whirring machine.  It was the strangest, most horrifying thing he'd ever been expected to do.  He glanced back at the crowd, who observed him in complete silence.  Marc crossed his arms, but his face was hopeful.  Luke looked back at his task.  He imagined his limbs flying out of the machine as it tore him apart.
He couldn't do it.  There was no way he was going to go in that thing and not end up injured.  Or worse.
He shouldn't have to do it.  Why was he there?  Training to fight vampires?  He was going as crazy as the Padreses.
Then, he remembered Lara.  His sister was lying in bed with a vampire bite in her neck.  Who would the LeVirs come after next?  His mom?  Lena?  Little Lucy?  Luke had to do everything he could to prepare.  He had to do it for his family.
He took a determined gulp of garlic-filled air, armed himself with a stake, and entered.  
In a flash, a dummy knocked him over.  Luke rolled toward the trees.  The crowd gasped as he almost fell out of the gauntlet.  He could feel the hunger inside the forest drooling for him.
Luke rose.  That dummy was going to get it.  Applying the techniques Jan had taught him, Luke returned to the entrance.  The crowd roared at him to go forward, not back.  The dummy zoomed toward him.  Adrenaline fueling his muscles, Luke staked the dummy.  It stopped dead.  The crowd cheered.  Luke ventured farther into the gauntlet.
He ducked to miss a flying iron ball aimed for his head.  He somersaulted forward, greeted by another dummy, which he hastily stabbed.  He missed the target, but he had already shown he could do it.
That wasn't enough.  Luke waited for the dummy to come around again.  It rocketed toward him.  The crowd screamed as Luke attacked.
The iron ball slammed Luke in the back of his head.  He flew into the dummy, which knocked him back.  Luke's body thudded to the ground.
He sprawled on the floor of the gauntlet, his body roaring with pain.  He couldn't move, he could barely see or hear, and he was drenched with fear.  He was going to die in that thing.
"Luke!" Jan's frantic voice found him.  "Luke, get up!"
Luke pushed himself up, agony throbbing in his skull.  He traced Jan's voice to the gauntlet's exit, where she was waiting for him.  She looked as frightened as he felt.
"Luke, you have to get up.  You can do this."  She lay on her stomach and reached for him.  "Come to me, Luke."
It took all of his willpower, but Luke stood.
The crowd yelped as the iron ball grazed his head again.  Luke froze from the close call, but forced his body out of shock.  He tuned into his surroundings, forcing his mind to ignore his pain, relying on instinct to get him through.
Luke stepped toward Jan.  A dummy whizzed directly at him.  Luke spun away and passed it.  The crowd cheered.
The next obstacle was a swaying balance beam.  Luke stepped onto it.
"Luke, behind you!" Jan shouted.
Without looking, Luke ducked.  A dummy cannoned over his head.  Luke lost his balance.  The crowd screamed as he fell.
He managed to catch the beam and hang on, determined to complete the course.  Looking down, Luke realized why the crowd had screamed.  Below him, a carpet of rattlesnakes inhabited the pit.  He could explain exactly why those snakes were scary.
Exploiting the momentum of the beam, Luke swung his leg on top of the spar.  He hooked his leg around and was able to pull up the rest of his body.  He lurched to the other end of the beam, welcomed by rows of swinging dummies.  Luke aimed and threw his stake at the first dummy.  It penetrated.  The crowd cheered as the swinging dummies came to a stop.  Luke couldn't believe it, but he didn't have time to marvel.  He pushed through the dummies, retrieving his stake.  He was almost to Jan.
The last obstacle promised to be the most complicated.
Side by side, two roundabouts spun at an incredible rate.  Attached to the edges of the roundabouts were eight dummies, blocking the exit.  How had Jan gotten through that?  He'd been too distracted by his anxiety of having to go through the gauntlet himself to take notes on how she'd defeated it.  Luke did the first thing that came to his mind and threw his stake.  It bounced off a dummy and flew back at him.  Luke jolted to the side, letting the stake pass.  It soared into the snake pit.  Luke reached into his pocket for the other stake, but it wasn't there.  It must have fallen out one of the times the gauntlet had bested him.
Panic tried to invade Luke's mind, but he blocked it out.  He examined the dummies and figured kicking them should deliver the same effect to the mechanisms that made them spin as staking would.  He lifted his leg and aimed his knee as he was taught.  As he did, Jan acquired a look of such horror that Luke stopped mid-kick.  An audible sigh of relief exhaled from the crowd.  Luke searched for another escape.
Suddenly, an iron ball swooped toward him.  Luke ducked.  An intriguing idea entered his overstimulated mind.  He let the ball pass him again.  After a final glance at Jan, he calculated the ball's return.  As it threatened to knock him into the woods, Luke faced it head on.
He caught hold of the ball, traveling into the air with it.  When the ball had gone up as far as it would go, Luke released it and grabbed the rafters of the gauntlet.  He swung himself up and stood on top of the machine, liberated from the peril below.
So pleased with his strategy's success that he felt he might float away on a cloud of pride, Luke pranced to the end of the gauntlet and hopped down right in front of Jan.  With a rush of approval, the crowd of children cheered.
Jan gawked at Luke in amazement.  "I can't believe you just did that," she said.  "Everyone just finds the hole and rushes through."
"There's a hole?" Luke's voice squeaked.
"I've only heard of one person who used the ball and succeeded."
"Who?"
Jan smiled.  "My dad."
Luke hugged Jan.  She squeezed him back, threatening to crush his ribs.  He pulled away and chuckled.
Jan took his hand and led him down the exit steps into the crowd of Padres kids, who congratulated him vigorously.  He must have high fived every Padres child as Jan directed him to the rear of the crowd.  She settled a decent distance behind the group, sitting in the sand.  Luke joined her, enjoying a well-deserved rest.  As he sat, he caught sight of the death camas.  Even its dastardly stench, though it was fading the longer Luke was around it, couldn't dampen his spirits.
After everyone settled down, the rest of the Padres kids contended with the gauntlet.  Luke was embarrassed at how swiftly and proficiently kids ten years younger than him got through it, but Jan had held his hand ever since he finished.  Plus, no one else got any crowd enthusiasm.
When everyone had completed the challenge, the Padreses headed back to town.  They formed a line and Marc tossed pebbles the entire way back.
Luke had a grin plastered across his face.  He had finally won the Padres' approval.  Especially Jan's.
He walked right past the death camas and didn't even notice it.



Chapter 15


LUKE AND JAN entered LeVir Lake holding hands.  After making sure the rest of the Padres children and Marc had passed through, they pushed the gate closed and walked toward their houses, rejoining their hands.
A red car roared the wrong way down Prudence Boulevard, forcing the kids headed that direction to jump out of the road.  Luke's smile died as Jan's grip tightened.  Colette's Camaro raced toward them.
Luke glanced guiltily at his coupled hand.  He knew the events and feelings in his dream last night hadn't been real--at most, they'd been an illusion concocted by the Queen to lure his consciousness into her mental trap.  The last time he'd actually seen Colette was two days ago when she dropped him off after showing him the town.
Still, his guilt didn't wane.
With about twenty feet left before hitting Jan and Luke, Colette slammed on the brakes.  The tires immediately stopped spinning and, with a piercing screech, skidded along Prudence Boulevard, leaving smoking, smelly black streaks of rubber on the pale concrete road.  The car drifted sideways a moment before coming to a rocking halt perpendicular to where Luke and Jan stood on the edge of a lawn.  Huge sunglasses covered the top half of Colette's face, and she wore a silk scarf wrapped around her head, covering her hair.  She looked like a movie star, complete with an annoyed smile as she observed Jan and Luke.
"Well, well, well," Colette said, "what have we here?  Are you two a couple now?"  Luke tried to free his hand from Jan, but her grip was like a steel trap.  "Nice goose egg," Colette made fun.
Luke felt his head where the iron ball had struck him.  He had a rather large bump, but he didn't realize it was evident to others.
"Let me guess," Colette went on without waiting for a response.  "You two just got back from a morning filled with making stakes and kicking dummies?"  She grimaced at their entwined hands.  "I have to say, Jan, I am really quite jealous.  I was hoping I would be more Luke's type, but I see he prefers blondes.  Well, I can play along."
Colette untied her scarf, shaking her head.  Long blonde hair fell around her shoulders.
"You bleached your hair?" Luke asked.
Colette ran her fingers through her stick-straight flaxen tresses.  "I thought it was time for something new.  Hey, Luke," she said, "want to come with me to the diner?  I would really like some company."
Luke wanted to say yes, but Jan's hold tightened.  The bones in his hand threatened to snap from the pressure.  "No, thanks," Luke managed to answer through clenched teeth.
Jan's head whipped to look at him.  His answer had surprised her.  Her mouth was agape, her eyes wide and full of stars.  Colette wore a similar expression, except instead of stars, her eyes held angry black holes.
Colette shook out of it.  "Janny can come, too, if she wants."  Her voice was at least an octave higher than usual.  She tried to smile, but she was too irked for it to be convincing.
The stars in Jan's eyes extinguished.  Her vexed stare bore into Luke as her fingers squeezed.  She was going to break his hand if he gave in to Colette.  He realized Jan's other hand was firmly on top of her pants pocket, which was occupied by one of the stakes she'd claimed that morning.  If he gave the wrong answer, the conflict between the Padreses and LeVirs might very well escalate to a full-out war in the next moment.
Luke replied, screening his pain, "I can't.  My sister's sick and I need to check on her."
"I'm sure Lara's fine," Colette said, almost cutting him off.  "Please come with me.  I don't want to eat alone."  Her eyes both pleaded with and glared at Luke.
Luke peered at her.  "I didn't say which sister was sick."
All traces of civility vanished from Colette.  The deep sneer on her face distorted her beauty into something vicious and chilling.  Colette revved the Camaro engine twice, pounded the gas, and sped past them.  As she burned rubber the wrong way down Prudence Boulevard, shadows darkened her hair.
Jan smiled so large that Luke could see every tooth in her mouth.  "Thank goodness you didn't say yes," she said.  "I would have had to knock you out."
Luke released a nervous titter, knowing she wasn't kidding.  Jan released his hand.  He shook it to get feeling back.
They resumed their short stroll home.  As they walked, Luke's arm accidentally brushed Jan's.  She blushed.  He did it again on purpose.  Jan's naturally pale face colored bright red.  She hooked her arm in his and led Luke to his house.  He prepared to say goodbye at the front door, but Jan went right inside.  
Lisa, Lena, and Lucy watched cartoons in the living room.
"Hi, Mrs. Wright," Jan greeted, releasing Luke's arm before any of his family could see their display of affection.
"Jan, hi," Lisa greeted back.  "How are you feeling this morning?"
"I'm great."
"Luke, how early did you get up?" Lisa asked.  "I didn't even know you were gone."
"Pretty early," he answered.  "Jan showed me a few things about town."  Luke and Jan exchanged a secretive grin.  "How's Lara?"
"Still asleep.  I haven't been able to wake her.  But when she does get up, she is going to get it.  I was up all night waiting for her to get home.  She finally breezed in the door at four-thirty in the morning and went straight upstairs.  I don't even think she heard me yelling at her."
"Mommy," Lucy complained, "I can't hear the end of the movie."
"I'm sorry, sweetie."
"Mom," Luke said, "I think Lara's sick.  Don't be too hard on her."
"Yeah, right, she's sick," Lara responded, still perturbed.  "She's sick in the head to think she can behave like that.  Running off with that boy, not telling anyone where she's going, not getting back until four-thirty in the morning two days later.  If she is sick, it's her own fault."
"Mommy," Lucy whined.
"Just a minute."  Lisa looked at Luke, still peeved, but unable to suppress her motherly worry.  "Can you please go upstairs and see if she's up?"
"Sure, Mrs. Wright," Jan answered for her friend.
They went to the stairs.  As they opened the door, Lucy followed them.  "Hey, Jan," she said in her high-pitched voice, "guess what I did last night."
"What?" Jan went along.
Lucy turned on the stairway light as Luke closed the door behind them.  "I made Rice Krispies treats all by myself.  Mommy only helped a little."
"You Wrights and your Rice Krispies treats," Jan joshed.  "That's all you're ever making when I come over."
"Yeah, but I made them all by myself--"
The single light bulb in the stairway flashed out with a metallic clink and sizzle, submerging the three of them in complete darkness.  Lucy screamed, bursting into hysterical tears.
Luke dashed up the rest of the stairs and flung open the top door.  Light poured in.  Lucy was clutching Jan, bawling.  Luke retrieved a towel from the linen closet.  He stuffed it under the upstairs door, stopping it from closing.  Luke relieved Jan of his little sister, who dug into him, each of her limbs a vice around him.  Her terrified wails vibrated against Luke's neck.
"Lucy's afraid of the dark," he softly informed Jan.
Jan stroked Lucy's hair.  "It's okay now, Lucy."  Lucy's cries remained strong.
Luke sat on the top step.  "Lucy, look.  I got a doorstop for the door so it can't close you in here.  I'll put a new light bulb in as soon as possible, okay?  You have nothing to be afraid of."
Lucy nodded, quieting slightly but still blubbering into her big brother's shoulder.
Luke carried her into her bedroom.  Sunlight shone through the lacy curtains and reflected off the walls.  He set Lucy on her bed.  She grabbed a couple of dolls and started playing.  She was over her terror.
Luke directed Jan out of the room, leaving Lucy's door ajar.  They crossed the hall to Lara's room.  After a light knock with no answer, Luke opened the door.
Lara was in a similar position to the one he had left her in that morning.  Jan examined the bite mark, first lightly tapping the two scabbed holes, then pressing into them, slightly removing one of the scabs to peer into the wound.  Luke felt sick to his stomach and stopped watching.  He didn't know how Jan's prodding wasn't disturbing Lara's slumber, or how Lisa hadn't noticed the painfully obvious vampire bite on Lara's neck.  She probably had, but she didn't realize what it was, or what its presence meant.  Luke was still unsure what its presence meant.  When Jan finished inspecting the bite, she took a stake from her pocket and placed it in Lara's hand.  Lara instinctively grasped it and rolled over.  Luke and Jan left Lara's room.
"You want to go to the attic?" Luke teased.  "That's where you usually go whenever you come to visit."
Jan grinned and went into Luke's bedroom.  Luke followed, a smile plastered on his face.  Jan closed the door behind him, and his smile grew.  Luke aimed his hands for her waist.
She interrupted his move, "I need you to check yourself."
Luke yanked his hands back.  He recalled Jan had promised Marc she would make sure Luke didn't have any bite marks around his groin.  Jan remembered how ballistic Luke had gotten the first time she'd tried to check him.  He thought about giving her permission to check his groin from then on, but decided against it.
Luke stepped into his bathroom and dropped his pants.
"Anything?" Jan asked from the other side of the door.
"Nothing here," Luke announced.  He realized his error in phrasing.  "I mean nothing that's not usually here.  In abundance."  Luke pulled up his pants and reentered his bedroom.
Jan was straightening the top of his dresser.  The way she shifted his things into some kind of order reminded him of Colette.  Even though he kept reminding himself that making love to Colette was only a dream, he couldn't restrain a pesky cheating feeling he experienced in the back of his mind from being alone in his room with Jan.  On the other hand, shouldn't he have felt like he was being unfaithful to Jan by frequently thinking of Colette?
Jan sat on the bed, looking outside.  Luke opened the window, letting fresh air circulate the room.  The small wind stirred Jan's hair.
"Normally," she said, her lips moving contemplatively, "I'm only at ease when training.  But for some reason, when I'm around you, I feel at home."  She found the sun hat she had left in Luke's room the first day they met sitting on the floor next to Luke's bed.  She picked it up.  "Going up to you for the first time was the hardest thing I've ever had to do," she admitted.  "But now, you're the only person I feel comfortable opening up to."  Luke sat next to her.  Jan giggled to herself.  "I have to apologize for my teaching today," she said.  "I wasn't at my best.  I was too worried about what you were thinking of me."
Luke laughed.  "If that wasn't your best, you must be the queen of foot-to-head combat.  Thank you for taking me."
Jan's spectacular blue eyes twinkled.  Luke knew what she wanted to do.  Despite the fact that Colette kept invading his mind, he wanted to do the same thing.
He cupped Jan's face, focusing on her mesmeric lips.  They kissed.  Rather than parting after a couple of seconds like they had for their previous kisses, they pressed farther into each other.  Jan ran her fingers through his hair, sending tingles down his spine.  She touched his goose egg and he flinched.  She breathed an apology, barely finishing the word before she resumed kissing.
Luke's hands enveloped her waist.  Jan astonished him when she leaned back, pulling him with her, but he went with it.  They lay down on the bed, his body slightly on top of hers.
Luke's bedroom door opened.  Luke and Jan jumped apart as Lena walked in.  Luke nearly fell off the bed.  
Lena eyed them.  "What were you two doing?" she pried.
"Nothing," Luke insisted, a little too quickly.
"Right," Lena dragged the word.  "Mom wants to know if Jan's staying for lunch."
"Sure," Jan said, straightening her shirt.
Lena nodded.  She lingered a moment longer, shifting focus from Luke to Jan and back again.  She stepped out of Luke's room, continuing to peer in as she closed the door.
When Lena was gone, Luke and Jan smiled at each other.  They leaned in for another kiss.
Lena burst in again.  That time, Jan nearly fell off the bed.
"I almost forgot," Lena said.  "Do you want cheese on your burgers?"

JAN AND LUKE relaxed outside on the expansive front lawn after lunch.  Lara was still asleep.  While Luke was worried about her, Lisa was beside herself.  She had tried everything to wake Lara, even vigorously shaking her while yelling in her face, but nothing worked.  She talked about taking Lara to the hospital, even though it was more than an hour away.  Jan convinced Lisa to wait a day before taking any serious action.  She said she'd seen that kind of deep sleep before--more than likely heat exhaustion--and Lara should awaken as her normal, healthy self in a couple more hours.
Luke and Jan kept their minds off Lara's condition by talking about the clouds and the town.  Luke told Jan about Salem and his friends there.  His stories fascinated her, and Luke was equally enthralled when Jan talked about her relatives.  It turned out the Padreses were like any other normal, dysfunctional family, except they trained to fight vampires.
Jan offered to show Luke her home gym, but he was so worn out from that morning's physical activities that he could barely move.  They decided to remain in the grass and just enjoy the summer day.
Jan rolled onto her stomach.  "Tell me about your dream last night."
Luke's body straightened.  He had not expected her to want to know details.  Maybe she was kinky.  He placed her sun hat on his head.  "What do you want to know?"
Jan giggled and straightened the hat for him.  "What happened?  Besides the seduction."
Luke summoned the memory of the dream, an easy task since it was not far from his mind.  "I woke up on the couch and went to check on Lara.  She was all right in my dream, and she told me she went to a vampire party.  Then Colette came over.  She took me to the mayor's mansion.  First we went on the roof, then she and her family showed me this long hallway filled with portraits of her ancestors, but they all looked like people in the town now.  Every time there was a new face, I would have a vision of that person dying in a past time period.  After Jean accused me of being a pervert, everyone left Colette and me alone.  She kept showing me portraits, particularly this one of two lovers: one was a Padres and one was a LeVir.  After that, it was pretty much making out."
"One was a Padres and one was a LeVir?" Jan repeated, suddenly alert.
"Yeah, from long ago."
"Do you remember their names?"
Luke thought back to the dream.  "I remember the girl was Maria, but I can't remember the guy's name--"
"Richard?"
"Yeah.  How did you know?"
"That's a true story, Luke," Jan informed grimly.  "Richard and Maria were real people.  Well, Richard was a vampire.  One night, when Maria was a little girl, she wandered into the woods, Richard found her, and he put a spell on her.  From then on, she would sneak out to visit him in the woods every night to feed him her blood.  After years of this, the Padreses found out and tried to keep Maria from ever seeing Richard again, but the spell was strong and they couldn't break it.  Her family locked her up to protect her, but Richard broke in, killed her parents, and stole Maria away to the source's lair.  I suppose they turned her."  Jan stared into space.  "I wonder why the LeVirs put that in your dream."
"Richard was a vampire and he saw a little girl wandering around the woods and didn't kill her?" Luke asked.
"LeVirs are smart.  When they find a sustainable food source, they make it last until it absolutely dries out."
"But maybe Richard really did fall in love with her."
"Yeah, right," Jan snorted.  "Vampires may have hearts, but the only emotions they have are evil.  Bloodlust, hate..."
"Hate is a strong emotion," Luke reasoned, "but so is love."  He thought of Colette.  "Or so I've heard," he brushed off.  "Maybe they are capable of love."
Jan glanced at the sky, contemplating his reasoning.  "I've never thought of it like that.  I've definitely never heard anyone stick up for the heart of a vampire."
"If you really think about it," Luke analyzed, "vampires have to drink blood to survive, so maybe they are good at heart and it's the circumstances they're faced with that make them appear evil."
Jan scowled at Luke.  "If you ever saw them kill, you'd know that's not true.  They enjoy it."  She observed the wall.  "The sun is getting low.  I have to go home soon.  Do you want to train tomorrow?  Afterward, we can hang out again."
Luke wanted to, but he remembered a promise he had made to Lisa.  "My mom wants me to go with her to the city to get groceries."
"Why don't you place an order with the grocery truck?"
"My mom doesn't feel comfortable getting free groceries."
"Believe me," Jan said, "they're not free."  A solemn thought crossed Jan's mind, but she forced it out.  "My Uncle Ramon goes for my family twice a month.  He's really fun, and he'd like to meet you.  Be careful, though, or he might make you keep him company the next time he goes to the city."  Jan pulled at the grass.  The solemn thought had returned.  "If..."
"If?"
Luke eyed Jan as she contemplated the plump blades of grass under her hands.  She noticed him watching and offered a half-hearted smile.
Karol called Jan to come inside.  Jan slumped in disappointment, but she did as her mother told her.  She kissed Luke on the cheek and crossed their yards.  At her front door, Jan bestowed a haunting look upon Luke.  Karol directed her into the house.
Luke smiled at his friend long after she'd disappeared behind her front door.  Jan was truly something special.
Luke caught someone peeking out the side windows of Jan's house.  He focused closer.  It wasn't just someone.  It was lots of someones.  Several Padreses were watching him from behind the curtains of Jan's windows.  Behind them, Luke saw several more Padreses gathered in Jan's house.  He hadn't noticed anyone enter the house while he'd been outside.  He wondered how long they'd been watching out the windows.
Luke stretched and sat up.  The muscles in his back felt like someone was winding a fistful of guitar strings at once.  He thought about showing his family some of the combat moves he'd learned.  After all, he was slightly less helpless than they were now.  Then again, it was almost dinnertime.  There was plenty of time for self-defense lessons after he ate.
On the other side of town, a powerful engine revved twice.  Colette was still pissed.
Luke felt bad that he had angered her.  He knew Colette was not a vampire.  He was positive the rest of the LeVirs were--that just made sense--but he could not convince himself that Colette was a bloodsucking fiend.  She loved being in the sun, she never wore head-to-toe black like Bunny, and she didn't slather sunscreen all over her body like Jean.  Plus, once you got her in her wild garden, she was honestly sweet.
What if Colette was a pawn of the LeVirs who merely represented them during daylight hours?  She could be a human trapped in the LeVirs' clutches, awaiting a brave rescuer.  If somehow Luke could be that rescuer--a new possibility after his lessons that morning--maybe there could be a future between them...
Luke went inside and trudged up the stairs, heading straight for Lara's bedroom door.  It had been a couple of hours since he'd last checked on her.  He knocked, but once again, there was no answer.  He tried the doorknob.  It was locked.
Luke knocked louder.  No answer.  Lara must have woken up.  How else could her door have been locked?  She was probably listening to music on her headphones.  Luke thought about knocking one more time, but he decided against it and went downstairs.  Maybe Lisa knew what was going on.
Lisa lulled about in the kitchen.  "Nice hat," she complimented Luke.  He realized he was still wearing Jan's sun hat.  He removed it.
Lisa suddenly stopped what she was doing and held her head, groaning.
"What's wrong?" Luke asked.
"I've had a splitting headache for about an hour now.  I'm not up to making dinner tonight.  Can you stick some leftovers in the microwave for you and your sisters?  I'm going to lie down."  Lisa headed for her bedroom.
"Mom," Luke asked before she could disappear, "has Lara come down yet?"
Lisa leaned against the wall.  Her pain was obvious.  "Finally.  She came down while you were outside with Jan.  She just took a pop and went back to her room.  She makes me so mad sometimes.  Anyway, that was when I got this headache.  I'll punish her when I feel better, but I guess I can't ground her to her room."  Lisa presented Luke with a weak smile.  He reciprocated and let her go.
Luke had dinner ready by seven.  He had assembled a meal of three-day-old tuna casserole with a soggy black bottom, semi-frozen carrots, and burnt croissants from a can.  At that moment, of all the things he had left behind in Salem, the one he missed the most was ordering out.
Luke called everyone into the dining room, but only Lena and Lucy showed up.  Lisa stayed in her room, and Lara probably didn't hear him.  He opted to let Lara go hungry.  He was significantly less concerned about her after learning she was out of bed.
Luke had nearly finished his mediocre meal when the doorbell rang.  Lena and Lucy scrapped to answer it first.  They wound up throwing the door open and falling to the floor.  Luke leaned over in his chair to see who was at the door.  His heart skipped.
Colette.  Her hair was brown with copper highlights again.  She looked upset.
"Hi!" Lucy greeted.  "Who are you?"
"I'm a friend of Luke's," Colette answered.  She looked at Luke as he approached the door.  "At least," she said, "I hope I am."
"Another girl for Luke?" Lena mocked.
"Shut up," Luke ordered.  "Go finish dinner."
Lena and Lucy obeyed.  They returned to the dining room, keeping their eyes on Colette the entire way.
Colette pleaded at Luke with her eyes.  Luke kept the door half closed.  "What's up?" he asked, trying to underplay the pleasure he felt in her presence.
"I want to apologize for the way I acted earlier.  I was jealous."
"Is that all?"  Luke struggled to remain cool.  She was like a drug to him.  His good judgment didn't work properly whenever she was around.
"I would like to talk to you," Colette said.
Luke thought about it for a second, and decided it wouldn't do any harm.  In fact, it might be really good.  He could become the mediator between the LeVirs and the Padreses, taming their hate for each other, and that could only benefit the town--not to mention, mankind.  He stepped aside, opening the door all the way.
"Could we go for a walk?" she suggested.
The sun was almost touching the top of the wall.  His magnanimous thoughts dissipated.  "I don't think I should."
"You'll be safe if you're with me," Colette promised.
Luke was split.  He wanted to go with Colette, but he knew he shouldn't leave his house that late in the day, especially with a LeVir.  On the other hand, he also knew Colette wouldn't let any harm come to him.
He glanced at Jan's house.  No one was watching.
"I promise it won't take long," Colette said.  "I just want to talk."
Luke sighed.  He closed the front door behind him.  Colette grinned, finally pleased.
They strolled in silence down Prudence Boulevard toward the gate.  After a couple of minutes, Luke prompted, "Didn't you want to say something?"
"Yes," Colette said, "but I don't know what it is."
Luke stopped in his tracks.  "If we're not going to talk, I should go home."
"No," Colette beseeched him.  "I'll figure it out.  Please.  Stay with me."
Luke didn't have Jan's hand keeping him in place that time.  He stayed with Colette.
"Luke," Colette began, concentrating on the ground as she spoke, "I really am sorry for earlier.  I've never been jealous of anything or anybody, but when I saw you and Jan holding hands, I was.  And when you picked Jan over me, I was absolutely spiteful.  And the fact that it's Jan I'm jealous of is insufferable."  Colette huffed, frustrated yet disheartened.  Luke wished she hadn't caught him holding Jan's hand.
Colette turned left on LeVir Lake Avenue.  Luke hesitated.  His mind entertained the idea that Colette was setting him up for something, but he was positive Colette wouldn't do anything to hurt him.  She liked him.  Possibly as much as he liked her.  He followed Colette toward the town square.
"I had a dream about you last night," Luke spewed, unsure why he brought it up.
Colette was less than surprised.  "But you still picked Jan over me."  She clenched her fists.  "She aggravates me.  After all, she told you I'm a vampire."
"No, she didn't.  And I wouldn't believe her if she did."
Colette stopped.  "No?"
Luke walked ahead.  "Not about you."
Colette caught up.  "Then why don't you like me?"
"I never said I didn't like you."
Colette slid her gloved hand into Luke's.  He let her, his fingers clasping around to the back of her hand.  Her touch revived his weary body and mind.
"Jan couldn't convince you, huh?"  Colette was delighted.
"I've been around you at night and day.  You're too human to be a vampire."
Colette's expression fell.  "Thank you."  She looked down again, musing.  Her grip on Luke's hand slackened.
Luke studied her.  She seemed troubled.  "Are you okay?"
Colette took a deep breath.  "I really like you, Luke.  Really, really like you.  That's why this is hard."
"What?"  Luke continued to scrutinize Colette, but her beautiful face gave away nothing except despondency.  "Does it have to do with your family?" he asked.
Colette's only response was a blink.
"Colette, I already know."
"No, you don't."
Luke stopped walking and faced her.  "Yes, I do.  And I know that you're not the same as your family, and I know you want to escape."  He felt certain of it in his heart as Colette cast a longing glance back toward the closed town gate.  Luke whispered in case the wind could carry his voice to devious ears.  "I'll help you."
Colette's dark eyes explored his.
"We can go back to Salem," he offered.
Colette considered it for a moment, but she shook her head.  "They'll find me.  They always do."
The clue that she'd run away before only strengthened Luke's belief that she wanted to go with him.  She didn't want to be a LeVir anymore.  "No.  I won't let them."
"How?"
Luke touched her shoulders.  "I'll hide you."  He squeezed.  "I'd fight the Devil for you, Colette."
Colette stepped closer to him, still staring into his eyes.  He shifted his face toward hers, sensing she wanted to kiss him.  Something glimmered behind her eyes: a light.  Luke recognized it as hope.
"You may have to," she said.
Colette reclaimed his hand, clasping too hard.  Her melancholy dissolved into a cunning leer.  Luke narrowed his eyes, re-reading hers.  He stared deep.  His happiness died as he realized he had misinterpreted the light.  It wasn't hope.  It was Colette's true nature: calculation.  Luke tried to free his hand, but she wouldn't let go.
Without a word, she resumed her trek down LeVir Lake Avenue, heading for the square, pulling him along behind her.
 "Colette, what's going on?"
"I'm hungry," she sang.  "I'm going to the diner.  Won't you come with me?"
Luke tugged at his hand, stumbling behind her.  Her grip was stronger than Jan's--the Jaws of Life constructed from lace-gloved flesh.  "Do I have a choice?" Luke asked.
Colette just grinned.  He guessed he didn't.



Chapter 16


INDIE ROCK wafted through Lara's room.  Normally, she would be up dancing to the groove, but that evening, she felt lethargic, even after sleeping all day.  She couldn't remember much about the night before, only that Jean had taken her to L.A.  However, she remembered everything about the first day she and Jean had spent together in San Diego.  It had been perfect.  The beach.  The ocean.  Being with Jean.  Everything had been perfect.
Lara wanted to see Jean again, but she didn't know where to find him.  She figured Jan would know.  Lara would ask the next time she saw Jan.
Lara hated LeVir Lake.  Jean was the only enjoyable element of the town.  Everything else was so dull.  She had tried making new acquaintances during her solo explorations of the town and square, but everyone she came across avoided her like she had some horrible, contagious disease.  Whatever.  Why would she want to befriend those weirdos anyway?  Most of them looked like relatives of Jan, which meant they were Padreses, and from Lara's experience, the Padreses were way too uptight for her taste.  Lara figured the cool people hung out at night, but Lisa forbade her from stepping foot outside once the sun set.  It was so unfair.  Luke had gotten to spend the night at Jan's house--no one could convince Lara that her brother and Jan were "just friends" after she watched them hold hands at the town festival--but Lisa prohibited Lara from even starting a friendship.  Lara hated LeVir Lake.
At least she finally had a car, thanks to Jean.  She was free to get her own place in L.A. or San Diego.  Anywhere but with her family.  She couldn't stand them now that her dad wasn't around.  Maybe Jean could help her with rent to start out.  Maybe he would move in with her.  Lara wouldn't mind having a hot, rich guy for a roommate.  Or more.
Lara rolled a wooden stake along the top of her vanity.  She had woken up that afternoon and found it in her bed.  That meant someone had been in her room while she slept.  When she found out who it was, she would kill him, her, or them.  And seriously.  Who would give her a stake?
Someone knocked on her door.  Lara thought about not answering.  It was more than likely just one of her annoying siblings, or worse, her mother.  After a moment of deliberation, Lara decided she had sequestered herself long enough.  She unlocked the knob and peeked into the hall.
Jean flanked the doorframe.  Lara's heart smiled.  "Jean," she said.  "Come in.  I was just thinking about you."
"What a coincidence," Jean said, "because I can't get you out of my head."
Lara giggled.  Her heart was flitting around in her chest like an ecstatic little bird.  "How are you?"
"I'm good.  I slept all day.  I think I deserved it after last night."  Jean entered Lara's room.  She closed the door, unable to stop smiling.
Lara scratched an itch on the side of her neck.  "Um, Jean, do you remember what happened last night?"
"Every moment."
Lara giggled again, blushing.  "Well, I don't.  What happened?"
"We had a wonderful time," Jean reminisced.  "We drove to L.A. in your sporty new car and went to a party some friends of mine were having."
"A party?"
"Yeah, but it busted up early and we had to split.  Then we came back here...after a short detour."
Lara sat on her bed, leaving plenty of room for Jean to join her.  "Detour?"
"I don't know how much you remember," Jean grinned, not sitting, "but we pulled off the road in the middle of the desert and had a hell of a good time."
Lara dug into her brain, desperately trying to remember the beautiful evening spent with Jean.  Her bird heart had settled down somewhat, so it was a little easier to concentrate, but still, she couldn't remember.  "We did?"
"Oh, yes."  Jean suddenly grabbed Lara.  She jumped, but he pulled her into his arms and swayed with her to the music.  Lara relaxed into him and rested her head on his shoulder.
This feels nice, Lara thought.  Hold me closer, she mentally ordered Jean.  He did as she wanted.  Lara loved how Jean knew her thoughts.  Their connection was boundless.
The song ended.  Lara beheld Jean's beautiful face.  He smiled at her, yet his expression wasn't the mischievous desire for her that she had come to expect from him.  Instead, there was something dark in his smile.  A disturbing chill ran up Lara's spine.  She turned away from Jean and sat at her vanity.  Catching sight of her face in the mirror, she remembered she wasn't wearing any makeup.  She hoped Jean didn't mind.
"You're lovely," Jean assured her.  Lara blushed again, the chill thawing.  Jean leaned against the wall next to the vanity mirror.  "What do you want to do tonight?"
"Well, I did sleep all day, so I'm not all that tired, but my mom isn't going to let me out of the house."
"Sneak out."
"Yeah, there's always that option."  Lara pulled a brush through her hair.
Jean pilfered the stake.  "What's this?"
Lara rolled her eyes.  "I found it in my bed when I woke up.  Luke probably put it there.  The little loser."
Jean chuckled.  "What a coincidence that you gained this nifty little weapon after spending the night with Vampires."  Lara hadn't even thought of that.  In truth, she hadn't remembered anything about the weird gang party Jean had taken her to last night until he mentioned it.  Besides the decrepit old building and the freaky punks that called themselves Vampires, she still didn't remember much of it.
Jean pressed the point of the stake to his chest.  Lara giggled at his pantomime.  He offered it to her, but Lara shook her head.  He tossed it into a corner.  Lara returned her gaze to the mirror as she continued brushing her hair.
"Do you like to look at yourself?" Jean inquired, tracing his fingers along the edge of her vanity.
The itch was back.  Lara scratched her neck as she shrugged.  "I may be a bit vain."  She noticed redness under her fingertips.  "Why?"  Lara moved her hair to see her neck.
Jean's voice crept from behind her.  "When you're always staring in the mirror, you can't see the vampires behind you."
Two small marks marred Lara's neck.  It looked as if a vampire had bitten her.  Lara's eyes widened when she realized what Jean had said.  She searched for him in the mirror.
He wasn't there.
Lara whipped around.  Jean was standing directly behind her.  She looked back at the mirror.  He didn't have a reflection.  Jean's icy hands clamped Lara's shoulders, but all she saw in the mirror was herself and the room behind her.  She trembled under Jean's grasp.
"I am so glad you and your family came to LeVir Lake," Jean chuckled.  He massaged her shoulders, his fingers digging so deep into her that her skin looked like silly putty molding itself.  She winced under the brutal pressure.  Jean mused, "It is so convenient when the prey delivers itself to the predator."
Lara's eyes flew around her room, seeking an escape.  She caught sight of the stake.  She realized why it had been in her bed.  Jean himself had shown her its purpose, but she had let him throw it away.  If she could get free from Jean's excruciating grasp, she could grab the stake and kill him before he could kill her.
Jean lowered his mouth to her neck.  His breath was cold, like someone was rubbing ice along her skin.  Goosebumps popped up all over her body.  Jean released one of her shoulders and swept her hair back.  His frigid lips kissed her bite mark.
Lara bolted from her chair.
Jean's grip on her other shoulder didn't loosen at all, and as the rest of her body attempted to flee, her shoulder stayed right where it was.  Lara's feet swung out from beneath her and she crashed to the floor.
Suddenly, Jean was standing over her, a designer boot-clad foot on each side of her waist.  He held the stake loosely, dangling it over her.  "Pretty little thing," he chuckled.  "Do you even know how this works?"  He pointed the stake at her chest.  "Here.  Let me show you."
Lara dug her feet into the floor and pushed, thrusting her body out from under Jean.  Once her legs were past him, she scrambled to her feet and darted away.  Jean flung the stake at her.  She felt it whiz past her ankle as it impaled the floor.  She left it behind.
Lara sprinted to her door, flung it open, and careened into the hall.  She lunged for the stairs, but collided into three very large LeVir males blocking the door, their fangs bared.  Lara shrieked and ran the other way.  She burst into the long room.  There was nowhere to go but up.
Jean exited Lara's room.  He observed the open long room door.  "Why do they always run upstairs?" he asked the LeVirs.  "Not only does it trap them, but I hate going up all those fucking stairs."  The LeVirs snickered.  Jean spun on one heel and sashayed into the long room.
Lara rushed around the dark attic.  There were no windows, no other exits.  There was nothing up there except support beams and Lisa's old bed pushed against the far wall.  Lara found the single light bulb in the middle of the ceiling and grabbed it, looking for a pull chain or a switch or anything to turn it on so she could see better.  When that proved fruitless, she tried screwing it in farther in case it was loose, but it was in vain.  The only light came from the hallway below, which wavered as the LeVirs entered the long room.
Jean's head appeared at the top of the ladder, startling Lara.  He observed the wooden anomaly in the northwest corner.  "I see Jan's been here."
Lara scurried back to the far side of the attic, stumbling onto the bed.  She rolled off of it and pressed herself against the wall.  She wondered whether she could bust a hole through the brick wall and escape that way if she hit it hard enough.  A single, hand-shattering pound canceled that plan.
As Jean ascended the ladder, he crooned in an evil, saccharine voice, "Bye, bye, Miss American Pie.  I'll chase the bevy to the levee but you're still gonna die.  My good ole boys will suck all your veins dry, singing, 'This'll be the day that you die.  This'll be the day that you die.'" On the last word, his voice broke down into a delighted chortle.  Lara wanted to scream, but she felt like her tongue had swelled and she was choking on it.
When the top half of Jean's body had cleared the attic floor, his cronies sprung up from the long room below and landed perfectly on their feet in the attic.  Two of the LeVirs advanced on her, their menacing silhouettes blocking the available light as they got closer.  Lara noticed there was just enough space under the bed for her to fit.  With no other options, she forced her body into the cramped space and cowered in the darkness.  Her bird heart was flying around again, but that time, it was beating its wings against her ribs, desperately trying to escape from her chest, not wanting to die with her.  Her fear kept her from taking anything more than quick, shallow breaths.  She felt like she was going to faint.
Memories of the Vampire party flooded Lara's mind.  The carnage and the terror.  The fire.  She remembered someone she couldn't see sinking a pair of dagger-like fangs into her neck as Jean laughed at her.  She remembered the terrible, draining pain she could do nothing about.  She felt drugged and helpless again as the LeVirs reached under the bed and grabbed her legs at the thighs, pulling her across the wooden planks of the attic floor and out of her hiding place.  Her mouth opened to cry out, but her voice was still stuck in her throat.  She grabbed the bed frame and held on for dear life.  It had become her last hope, the only thing that could possibly save her.  The two LeVirs kept pulling on her, slowly, deliberately, but not enough to force her to let go of the bed.  Just enough so the bed would scoot a couple of inches with each tug.  They were toying with her.  
She heard Jean laughing again.  He was standing in the corner of the attic where Jan had built the wooden block eyesore.  The third LeVir wrapped his huge, muscular arms around it and pulled.  It took a long, loud, beastly grunt, but the entire thing came loose from the floor.  The LeVir tossed it across the attic, directly at Lara.  She finally let go of the bed and the LeVirs yanked her just in time to save her from being crushed by the mass of wood.  It hit the bed, flipping it over and breaking the bed frame in half.
Jean stood next to the gaping hole in the corner of the attic floor where the massive structure had been, his arms behind his back like he was waiting patiently for her to die of fright, which she felt like she was close to doing.  The man she had fantasized giving her everything to was grinning wickedly down at her, his vampire fangs catching the glow from the hallway light.  They seemed to grow longer and longer.  
The third LeVir jumped into the hole.  Lara realized she was meant to go into the hole, too, and she dug her fingernails into the attic floor.  The LeVirs continued to drag her, and her fingernails bent back.  Long splinters lodged themselves into her fingertips and forearms.  The LeVirs pulling her reached the hole and jumped into it, still holding her legs.  Her body jolted into the hole after them, her skin slicing along the broken edges of the floor.  As she fell into the deathly darkness of the hole, she saw Jean smiling down at her, getting smaller and smaller.  Her throat finally loosened.
She screamed.

LUCY FINISHED her princess movie.  Lena had gone upstairs halfway through it.  Lucy didn't understand how her sister could leave in the middle of a film.  Even if Lucy had seen the movie a million times, she had to watch from start to finish.
Lucy opened the stairway door.  She peered at the upstairs door, making sure it was still open.  The incident that afternoon took over her mind.
Lucy hated those stairs.  Evil people lived under them.  They would reach out from under the treads and grab at her feet to pull her under.  Her only chance was to run up the steps as fast as she could so they couldn't catch her.
Lucy flicked the light switch.  The stairs lit up.  Lucy's mommy had replaced the bulb before she got her big headache.  After replacing it, her mommy once again reminded Lucy to keep the downstairs door closed.  Lucy didn't like to heed those particular instructions.  The people under the stairs were afraid of light.  If the light bulb went out again, only the light from the downstairs hall could stop the people from coming out and grabbing her.
But then, Lucy didn't like to disobey her mother.  And her mommy wasn't feeling good.  If she came out of her room and saw Lucy had left the stair door open after she'd told her not to, she'd feel even worse.  Lucy looked at the upstairs door again.  Luke had put a towel there, so it couldn't close.  She promised herself she'd be safe.
Lucy closed the downstairs door, and she was off.  She dashed up the stairs, moving so fast the people under the stairs couldn't possibly catch her.  She made it to the top with lightning speed.  A triumphant grin broke across her face.
The upstairs door slammed shut.  
Lucy smashed into it.  She grabbed the doorknob to keep from falling back down the stairs.  She strained to turn the knob, but the door was locked.
This was one of Lena's mean tricks.  "Please let me out," Lucy whimpered.  She listened against the door, but she didn't hear anyone on the other side.  "Lena, you're the meanest sister ever!"
Lucy glanced at the closed door at the foot of the steps.  It looked very far away, but it was her only way out of the staircase.  Once she made it back down, she could crawl into bed with her mommy for the night.  And in the morning, she'd tattle on Lena.  Lena was going to pay for locking her in the staircase.
Lucy counted down from five to prepare her muscles to book it down the stairs, but when she reached one, she couldn't make her muscles fly.  She moved carefully, step by step, both hands clutching the handrail as if the stairs were about to disappear beneath her.  Her entire body shivered as she descended the stairs.  She kept her eyes on the bottom door--her lifeline.
She could hardly see it.
Lucy peeked at the single light bulb above her head.  It was fading.  Lucy wailed.  If the light went out, the people under the stairs would get her.
Lucy quickened her pace.  Just a few more steps and she would arrive at the bottom landing.  Four steps.  Three steps.  Two steps.
The door in front of her clicked.
Lucy dove down the remaining stairs and seized the downstairs doorknob.  It was locked.  Lucy was trapped.  She didn't know how Lena had gotten downstairs to lock that door, too.  She couldn't have.  Suddenly, Lena knew it hadn't been her sister who'd trapped her, but the people.  They were in the walls, too--they had been the ones who'd made the terrible banging noise the night Luke got grounded--and now they were in the doors.  There was no escape from there.
The light went out.
Lucy shrieked for help, but no one answered.  The people under the stairs came out and took her away.
She screamed.

LENA SAT ON HER BED, reading an old book she had bought at a secondhand shop with some of the money her grandparents had given her.  It was the first edition of some old scary tale, and it had been one of the most expensive items in the store.  Lena figured it had to be good to cost so much.
She was only halfway through it.  She had tried to read it during the cross-country ride from Salem, but Lucy had kept interrupting her; and even though Lena had brought it every time her mom forced her to go shopping in town with her, something always distracted Lena and she'd have to stop reading after only a few pages.  Lisa said the story was too scary for Lena anyway, but Lena was mature.  She could handle anything.
Lena pressed herself against her bedroom wall as the monster of the story snuck up on the hero.  She drew the book close to her face.  Her nose grazed the pages.  The natural light outside her windows had dimmed considerably, but Lena was too tense to get off her bed and turn on the overhead light.  She couldn't bring herself to stop reading.
The monster was right behind the hero.  The damsel in distress tried to warn him, but she couldn't talk and the hero couldn't understand her arm movements.  The hero felt hot breath on the back of his neck.  He turned around to face the hideous creature right behind him.
BANG!
Lena flew to the foot of her bed.  Her bedroom walls quaked as someone pounded them from the inside.  Her bed tremored.  Lena cowered at the end of it, struggling not to fall off.  Plaster showered from the ceiling and turned her hair white.
She screamed.

LISA WASN'T ASLEEP.  She had smelled the leftovers Luke had cooked.  She had heard her children eating in the dining room.  She had heard the movie Lena and Lucy watched in the living room.  Through it all, she had tossed and turned in her bed, willing the aspirin to kick in and alleviate the throbbing in her head, but the pain refused to subside.
Lisa placed her hand over her eyes.  Maybe she should get some ice.
As Lisa pushed herself up slowly, trying to keep her head from spinning, she heard a girl scream.  She wasn't sure which one of her children it had been, but it wasn't an ordinary scream from playing or fighting.  Something was wrong.  She jumped out of her bed, her headache suddenly forgotten.
Her bedroom door crashed open.  Two people loomed in the doorway.  The man was large and had a long, white beard.  The woman was petite and abnormally thin.  Both boasted fangs poking out from between their grinning lips.  They flew toward Lisa.
She screamed.

COLETTE PULLED LUKE nearer to the diner.  The window blinds were up.  Several LeVirs waited inside.  Most lounged in the dark eating area, but a few waited hungrily at the shaded door.  
Luke fought to reclaim his hand from Colette, but she wouldn't relent.
Bunny stepped outside the diner, dressed in skimpy silk pajamas and careful not to expose herself directly to the fading sunlight.  "Hey, Luke.  What's up?" she asked casually.  Luke stared at the fangs sticking out of Bunny's mouth.  All of the LeVirs in the diner possessed a pair of deadly fangs, and every one was aimed at Luke.
"Luke!" Jan's voice screeched from behind him.  Her foot slammed into the side of Colette's head.  Colette stumbled away, finally releasing Luke's hand.
Jan pulled Luke behind her and pointed a stake at the diner.
Colette seethed, cradling the side of her face.  "Hello, Jan," she growled.  "Here to save the day?"
Jan ordered Luke to back away.  He did as she said.
"What, Luke?" Bunny mocked from the doorway.  "Are you Jan's pawn?  You're going to do whatever that little girl tells you?"
"Shut up," Jan barked.  Her eyes were focused on Colette.  Everyone watched, captivated, as Jan aimed her stake at Colette's face.  Colette was unruffled, even after Jan made the promise, "I'm going to kill you and your Queen."
Colette guffawed.  "You?  Kill the Queen of the Vampires?  A millennium of hunters has failed to kill her.  Even your daddy couldn't do it."  The LeVirs chuckled.  "She's been staked, burned, drowned, hanged, shot, stabbed, poisoned, stretched, crushed, torn apart, drained, nearly decapitated, and once had a terrible case of the giggle fits.  What makes you think you can succeed?"
Bunny smirked at the Padres.  "That is quite a resume."
"You forget," Jan said, contesting Colette's logic, "I have him."  She indicated Luke.  He didn't know why she had to bring him into it.
"Not for long," Colette snarled.
"What are you guys talking about?" Luke demanded, but no one was listening to him.
Jan backed away.  Luke followed her lead.  The sun was setting fast behind the trees on the other side of the town wall.  The LeVirs in the diner pressed against the windows.  The shadows stretched toward Luke.  He prepared to run.
"All right, Jan," Colette yielded.  Jan hesitated her retreat.  "I'll let you have him."
The LeVirs in the diner protested.  Bunny gawked at Colette as if she were out of her mind.
Colette raised her hand and the LeVirs silenced.  "You can have him for one more night," she stipulated.  "That is, if you can get home."
Jan ran, catching Luke unawares.  He followed her to the sunny shortcut he had discovered while cutting through backyards, but a makeshift canopy covered the path, blocking the sun's remaining rays.  LeVirs sneered at them from under the shade.  Jan changed direction and conducted Luke to the main road.  They raced down LeVir Lake Avenue toward the closed town gate.
Jan was much faster than Luke.  She slowed for him to catch up a couple of times, but she wouldn't delay long.  She was panicked, and for good reason.  The shadow from the town wall spread into LeVir Lake like wildfire.  Luke's resolve to get home intensified not only because of the impending night or the stampede of bloodsuckers craving for release behind him, but also because of the solid wall of LeVirs waiting at the edge of the town wall's invading shadow.
Jan veered into backyards, taking advantage of a sliver of sunlight between two widely spaced houses.  She and Luke dashed across the Padres' garden.  The LeVirs in the shadows swiped at them, but Jan and Luke kept out of reach.  Glowing red eyes peered at them from inside the darkness.
Luke stumbled over several plants that seemed as eager to thwart him as the LeVirs did.  Luke had no idea how he and Jan were going to get inside their houses with LeVirs filling their darkened yards, but of all things, Jan seemed least worried about that.
Luke's house came into view.  At least twenty LeVirs haunted his overcast backyard.  He tried to see inside to catch sight of his family, but Jan grabbed him and made him leave his house behind.  
Jan skidded to a stop at the border created by her house's penumbra.  Luke had to fall to stop himself from entering the shadow.  Her yard was equally impregnable.  Through the cold-blooded crowd, Luke saw Karol and Joaquin open the back door.  The LeVirs didn't notice.
The sun disappeared behind the town wall and darkness blanketed Luke and Jan.  The LeVirs from the square caught up to them, already celebrating their foreseeable victory.  The LeVirs beamed as they surrounded the trapped pair, all exposing their lethal fangs.  Luke looked for Colette, but she wasn't amongst them.  Neither was Bunny.
Jan threatened the LeVirs with her single stake.  They winced, but they knew victory was theirs.
With a metallic rush, the windows of Jan's house slid open and the Padreses appeared.  They hurled stakes, skewering the LeVirs nearest to Jan and Luke.  A couple of the stakes came so close to Luke he didn't know how they hadn't struck him, too.  The impaled LeVirs fell dead to the ground, their bodies crumbling to clumps of dark red dust.
The fiends that hadn't been struck faced Jan's house in shock.  Stakes rained from the windows toward them.  No wood touched the ground without traveling through a LeVir first.
Jan snatched Luke by the wrist and towed him toward her open back door where Karol and Joaquin reached for them.  Jan and Luke forced their way past dying LeVirs, who tried to seize Luke before they deteriorated.  As they got closer to the house, a LeVir leapt from the roof and landed on top of Luke.  Luke stumbled to the ground, trapped under the weight.  Jan, still grasping Luke's wrist, stabbed the LeVir through the heart before it could taste Luke's neck.  Jan dragged Luke across the remainder of her yard, leaving her stake behind.
Jan punched her hand past the threshold of the kitchen door.  Karol and Joaquin caught it and pulled, yanking both Jan and Luke inside the house.  They slammed the door closed.
LeVirs pounded the exterior of the house.  Luke sat on the floor and covered his ears against the banging.  Joaquin lifted Luke by the shoulders.  He was surprisingly strong for an old man.  
"They'll get bored soon," he said.
Karol added, "They can't get in without being invited, and that's not going to happen."
"How can you guys be so calm?" Luke shouted over the din.  "Those are freaking vampires!" He looked at Jan.  "What did you mean when you said you had me?  What did Colette mean when she said, 'Not for long'?"
"It's okay, Luke," Jan said, not yelling but still audible over the commotion.  "I'll tell you everything later."
"Jan," Joaquin said, "take him upstairs."
Jan led Luke through the swinging kitchen door into the rest of the house.  Several Padreses communed in the living room.  Most were middle-aged or older, but Luke recognized all of the kids from training that morning.  The Padreses watched Luke as he and Jan passed through the room.
Jan took him upstairs to her bedroom.  A labyrinth of unoccupied black sleeping bags blanketed the floor.  Jan closed her door.  Without warning, she punched Luke in the arm.  Luke shielded himself from further abuse, but Jan threw her arms around his neck in a fervent hug.
"Why did you go with Colette?" she moaned.
"I-I don't know," Luke stammered, shell-shocked by Jan's embrace.  "I-I wanted to know what she wanted.  It's very hard to say no to Colette."
Jan released him.  Understanding skimmed her face.  "She's very persuasive."
The banging dissolved to nothing.    Luke looked out the window.  The sky was black.  The yard was clear.
"Jan," he said, "I need to get home.  I have to see if my family's all right."
"They are," Jan promised.  "As long as you're safe, they're safe.  God is on our side."
Luke's gut told him Jan was keeping something from him.  "Where are they?"
Jan glanced at the Virgin Mary.  "They're safe."  She wouldn't say any more.
Jan took Luke by the hand.  It was an act of direction rather than affection as she led him across the hall to the guest room.  Several more black sleeping bags sprawled across its floor.
"Tell me everything now," Luke ordered.
"You need rest."  Jan directed Luke to the bed.  "Tomorrow, we'll get your family.  You'll need your full strength."
"I want to know what's going on.  I'm ready to listen."
"Get in bed."
Jan wasn't going to tell Luke anything that night.  He surrendered.  Jan looked the other way as he removed his clothes.  Keeping his boxers on, Luke climbed under the covers.
Jan sat on the edge of the bed.  "There's no need to worry tonight.  The LeVirs have been in every house in LeVir Lake except this one.  That's how they could get into your house and invade your dreams, even after I boarded up the attic floor.  But no LeVir has ever been inside this house, and they never will."
Karol entered the room carrying a steaming cup.  She handed it to Jan and left.
"This tonic will help you sleep."  Jan brought the cup to Luke's mouth.  He resisted at first, but Jan's eyes promised it was harmless.  He sniffed the fumes.  Sleepiness seeped into his system.
Luke drank the tonic.  As the warm liquid slid down his throat, his eyelids became heavy and his breathing grew deep and even.  He lay back, propping his head up on two pillows.
Jan stood to leave.  Luke caught her hand.
"Will you stay with me?" Luke asked his friend.  The earnestness of the question surprised him, but he didn't take it back.
Jan stared at the cup.  "I have to go downstairs with the elders."
"Just until I fall asleep?"
Jan glanced at the door.  She and Luke were the only occupants of the upper floor.  Jan set the cup on the nightstand and crawled over the covers to lie next to Luke.  She rested her head on the same pillows that Luke was using.  He turned to face her.  As he did, he felt sleep encroach through his nostrils and sink into his lungs.
"I've never slept in the same bed with a girl I wasn't related to," Luke admitted.
Jan stroked Luke's hair and kissed him on the forehead.  "Goodnight."
Before Luke lost grip on his consciousness, he slid his fingers between Jan's and squeezed.  She squeezed back.  Her hand was warm and strong, just like his.  He barely understood his own slurry words as they leaked from his mouth: "Why couldn't I have fallen in love with you instead?"
The last thing he saw before falling asleep was Jan's mesmerizing lips bowed into a frown.



Chapter 17


LUKE WOKE UP.  He hadn't dreamt.  He had purely rested.  His body was ready.  His mind just had to keep up.
Jan was gone.  Luke stroked the area of the bed she had inhabited last night.  Her warmth remained.  Luke wondered how long she had stayed after he'd succumbed to slumber.
It was still dark outside.  He wondered how long he'd have to wait for morning to arrive.  Luke got out of bed.  He immediately stumbled.
A little Padres boy slept at his feet.  Little boys occupied all of the black sleeping bags scattered across the guest room floor.  Luke stepped over them to get to the door.  His clothes were gone, leaving him stuck in his boxers.
Luke went downstairs.  Padreses were asleep in black sleeping bags all over the house.  Luke almost tread on a couple of them as he made his way to the kitchen.  On the other side of the swinging door, Joaquin sat at the kitchen table, meditating over a cup of coffee.  Luke sat across from him.  The old man poured a second cup of coffee and offered it to Luke.  Luke accepted.
"What's happening today?" Luke asked.
"Jan is trying to rally the family to raid the lair," Joaquin said, "but they won't go.  Perhaps she has told you why."
"Because the last time they raided the lair, her father died?"
"Not just him," Joaquin said.  "No one who went with him came back.  Afterward, the LeVirs were so enraged that we rose against them, they killed our children, leaving only Jan and Marc as reminders."
Luke looked into his black coffee.  He hadn't drunk any yet.  He remembered reading somewhere that caffeine detracted from physical performance.  "What's Jan's plan?"
"Probably the same as her father's," Joaquin said, glancing at Luke's mug.  "Infiltration.  Take them by surprise.  Find the source."
"If we don't know where the source is, how do we know she's actually here?"
"We've seen her.  You've seen her.  The succubus."
The centerfold girl.  That incontestably gorgeous creature that had lured Luke into the woods was the source, the mother of all vampires.  He realized he already knew that.
Luke recalled yesterday morning when he passed Marlene's house.  Her front door had been wide open.  "What about the people the Padreses brought here?" Luke asked.
"The LeVirs fed on the runaway a couple of days ago.  We buried her in the desert with the rest of her kind."  Luke remembered the morning the entire Padres family had left town.  He really had seen them carry something out with them: Missy, packaged in a plain wooden coffin.  "They took the rest two nights ago as retribution for the runaway's brother finding her," Joaquin said.  He shook his head.  "That group should have lasted until winter."
Luke knitted his brow, taking in the old man's expression.  Joaquin seemed remorseful, but not over the slaughter of several human lives.
"What do you mean 'that group'?" Luke asked.
"It's part of the truce we made with the LeVirs after the last raid.  If we provide them with sustenance, they won't attack our family."
Luke's mouth fell open.  Joaquin couldn't possibly mean what he was implying.  "Are you saying you do their hunting for them?" Luke asked.
"Everyone we bring here has no ties."
Joaquin's reasoning appalled Luke.  His head shook as he tried to work out the old man's disclosure.  "You pick random people off the street, ask a couple of questions, and all of a sudden, they're vampire bait?  You give them the promise of a better life, but leave them to die?"
Joaquin simply stared at Luke's mug.
"What about when you overlook someone who cares about them?" Luke asked.  "Missy's brother followed her trail all the way out here."
"He's the only one that ever came looking for one of the prey, so he became prey himself.  The LeVirs took him as soon as they spotted him."
Actually, Luke had spotted Michael first.  He had pointed Michael out to Bunny.  He was responsible.  "It's not right," Luke stated, softly but enraged.  "You ensnare innocent people with the deliberate purpose of ending their lives."
"Better theirs than mine," Joaquin said.
Luke's eyes opened as wide as his mouth.  How could the Bible-thumping Padreses, enlisted to perform God's will on Earth, execute such immorality without the slightest remorse?  Luke wondered if God actually knew what they were doing in the forgotten oasis.  If He knew the details of the truce, would He really stay on the Padres' side?
"Listen," Joaquin said, "would you rather the LeVirs feed on a total stranger, or you?"
Luke averted his eyes.  The answer was simple.  Still, Luke hated admitting he would place his life above anyone else's.
"Was Jan involved?" Luke asked.  "In the...selection?"
"Jan has never left the desert."
Luke sighed.  Knowing his friend was not an active participant in the butchery helped subside Luke's anger.  A little.  "Why did the LeVirs break the truce?" he asked.
Joaquin sat back in his chair.  "They don't need it anymore."
"Why?"
"Because of you."
Luke clenched his jaw.  Why did everyone seem to think his presence in LeVir Lake was some sort of bargaining chip?  It was starting to piss him off.  "Because of me how?"
"That's not for me to tell you."
The old man was really being to aggravate him.  Luke looked at the lightening sky through the kitchen window.  Soon the sun would rise on the opposite side of town.  He glanced at the back door where he and Jan had narrowly escaped the LeVirs the previous night.  He had never been so terrified in his life.  He couldn't believe Colette had set him up like that.  It wasn't like her.  After sleeping on it, he decided the LeVirs must have made her do it.
Luke became aware that Joaquin was still staring at him--or rather, his coffee mug.  Joaquin was waiting for Luke to drink, but, Luke realized, Joaquin hadn't taken so much as a sip of his own coffee.
"Aren't you going to drink that?" Luke asked.
Joaquin tensed.  He looked at his mug, then at Luke, then at his mug again.  Joaquin lifted it to his mouth.  Luke did the same with his mug.  The brim of Joaquin's cup touched his lips.  Luke did the same with his mug.  Joaquin cautiously turned his mug on its side.  Luke did the same with his, but he didn't rotate it enough for the coffee to touch his mouth.  He realized Joaquin was doing the same.  The two of them sat motionless with their mugs at their mouths, not drinking.
The old man had put something in the coffee, and Luke wasn't about to test it.
Luke lowered his mug.  Joaquin did the same.  Luke stood, pushing his cup across the kitchen table.  Joaquin watched defeated as Luke's mug clinked his.
Luke had only been out of bed for ten minutes and he was already exasperated.  He crossed away from the old man to the kitchen window and observed his house.  The yard was still bathed in shadow, but it was free of LeVirs.  Luke glared at the slowly brightening sky.  Sure, the sun would take mere seconds to disappear at day's end when he needed daylight to linger, but when Luke sincerely wanted the sun to come back up so he could check on his family, it took its dear sweet time rising.  Luke stared at his house, trying to determine whether his mom or sisters were up, but the house was still.  Completely still.
Dead still.
Luke peered closer.  It was finally light enough for him to see that one of the living room windows was broken.
Luke jetted out of the kitchen toward the front door.  Joaquin called after him, but Luke wouldn't halt.  The people in sleeping bags awoke, reaching for Luke as he passed them, but he eluded their clutches.  When Luke reached the front door, he nearly tore it off the frame as he decamped from the safety of Jan's house.  The Padreses howled after him to come back.
Two LeVirs patrolled the dim road.  They spotted Luke, and faster than physically possible, they rushed toward him.  Luke didn't care.  He was going to get into his house, and no bloodsucker was going to stop him.  The LeVirs realized Luke wasn't afraid of them and halted, confused.  They glanced at Jan's house, where the Padreses gawked after him in shock.
Luke pushed open the front door of his house.  It fell from the doorframe and crashed flat to the floor with a bang.  He stepped onto it.
His house was ransacked.  Furniture was torn apart, appliances were busted, decor was smashed.  Luke went to Lisa's bedroom.  Her bed was unmade.  The night table was on its side.  A lamp was broken, as was another window.  A chilly draft invaded the house.  A shiver ran up Luke's spine.  He checked the master bathroom.  It was just as pillaged, and no one occupied it.  Luke backed out of Lisa's room.
He reached the door to the stairs.  He observed the Moon and Sun design, finally understanding its significance.  He opened the door and his eyes ascended the stairwell.  The upstairs door was closed.  He prayed his family was behind it.  If they weren't hiding in one of the bedrooms, maybe they had found refuge in the attic.  Luke hoped Jan's modifications had rendered it safe enough.
He tried the stairwell light.  The bulb was out.  He tiptoed up the dark steps to the top of the stairs.  Luke inched open the upstairs door, peeking into the hall.  It was empty.  All of the doors were closed except the one to his bedroom.
Luke went to Lara's room first, but he somehow knew he wouldn't find her there.  He opened the door.  To his surprise, Lara's room was nearly untouched.  The light was on.  The closet was open and vacant.  Only two things were out of place.  The first was that Lara's vanity chair had fallen over.  The other, and more disturbing, was that the stake Jan had given Lara stuck halfway out of the middle of the floor.  Luke pried it out, leaving a small hole that the beige carpet bloomed around.
He arrived at Lena and Lucy's door.  A heavy, dark feeling took over the pit of his stomach.  He already knew he wasn't going to be so lucky with their room.  Luke opened the door.
Horrified tears rushed to Luke's eyes.  Both beds were overturned, toys were thrown everywhere, everything was white with fallen plaster.  But the worst part was the huge gaping hole in the shared wall with Luke's bedroom.
No, the worst part was that his little sisters were nowhere to be found.
Luke stepped through the hole, noticing the gap between the two walls was more than enough space for someone to walk through, and into his room.  It was destroyed.  His furniture wasn't just overturned, it was smashed beyond repair.  His posters were torn off the walls.  His clothes were scattered over everything.  The five hundred dollars his grandparents had given him that he'd stashed away had been unearthed and was now confetti spread across the floor.  To top it all off, someone had carved the words "THEY'RE OURS" in the long room wall.
Luke's family was gone.  Jan had promised they were safe, but they were gone.  Vampires had taken them.
Luke's heart swelled with so much hatred he was amazed it didn't burst.  The hatred seeped along his veins, first boiling his blood, then freezing everything inside him in its wake.  His muscles moved automatically as he picked some clothes off the ground and got dressed.
Someone's footsteps approached in the hallway.  Luke knew who it was.
Jan lingered where Luke's door would have been if someone hadn't torn it off its hinges and thrown it across the room.  She watched Luke dress.  He put on his shoes last, shoved the stake into his pocket, and trooped straight past Jan.  He was on a mission.
Jan followed him.  "Luke, what are you going to do?"
"I'm going to get my family back."
Luke marched down the stairs and outside over the front door.  The sun was up.  The LeVirs were gone.
Jan seized his shoulder, forcing him to stop.  "Luke," she reasoned, "what good will it do to go after them by yourself?  They'll capture you, and then they'll kill your family right in front of your eyes.  And then they'll kill you."  Jan slid her hand down Luke's arm to his clenched fist.  "Please wait," she pleaded.  "My family's starting to come around.  I'll have them convinced by noon.  I promise that's as long as you'll have to wait."
Jan's words fell on deaf ears.  Luke took his arm from her hold and turned his back on her house.  He eyed the SUV and Mustang in his driveway.  Luke snatched Lisa's keys from inside the door and headed for the powerful SUV.
"Luke!"  Jan ran after him.  Luke got in the driver's seat of the SUV as Jan struggled to convince him to wait for her family.  He started the engine, not heeding a single word.  Jan relented.  She rushed to get in the back seat before Luke peeled out of the driveway.
Luke hadn't received much instruction on driving, but he knew enough to burn rubber all the way down Prudence Boulevard.  When the turn for LeVir Lake Avenue came up, Luke hooked a sharp left, tipping the SUV onto two wheels.  Jan screamed at him to slow down, but all he heard was his own wrath at the LeVirs, the Padreses, and himself crashing around in his head.  He cut across the park, setting a direct course for the mayor's mansion.  Once Jan realized his target, she braced herself.  Shadow covered the front of the mansion, but Luke didn't falter as he aimed the SUV at the front doors.  The SUV vaulted the steps and crashed into the mansion doors.
There, it stopped.
Luke pulled his face out of the deployed airbag and evaluated his progress.  He had totaled the SUV.  The entire front folded back like an accordion, the steering wheel pressed against his stomach, and his legs were nearly pinned to the front of the seat by the stalled engine.  However, regardless of the damage to the car, he'd barely made a mark in one of the heavy mansion doors.
Jan bolted from the mangled SUV and out of the shadow of the mansion.  Luke punched the airbag out of his way and forced his body through the small crack the driver's door would allow.  He didn't know how his body had sustained the crash without something breaking.  Maybe God was on his side.
Luke stomped to the mansion door the SUV wasn't blocking and yanked the handle, which no longer looked like an anomalous animal head, but rather, the face of a LeVir.  The doors were locked.  Luke hammered his fists against them.  His pounds struck like thunder in his ears.  His fists throbbed and reddened, but he wouldn't stop beating the door until it opened.
Finally, it did.  Luke stepped back.
Jean stood inside the door, Bunny right behind him.  Their skin held a newly ruddy complexion, plump with the blood of the prey the Padreses had provided for them.  Luke prayed that was the only blood they'd fed on.  The LeVirs regarded Luke with nefarious grins.
"Avon calling?" Jean quipped.  Bunny cackled at the bad gag.  Luke glared.  Jean glanced at the wrecked SUV pushed against the mansion door.  "Luke Wright," Jean hailed, his smooth, aristocratic voice boiling Luke's blood once again.  "You certainly know how to make an impression.  And I see you've brought a snack," he added, looking past Luke at Jan.  "Mm, Padres.  My favorite."
"Where's my family?" Luke demanded.
Jean exchanged a demonic glance with Bunny.  "Which parts?"
Luke wrenched the stake out of his pocket and pitched it into stabbing position.  Jean flinched, but quickly recovered, infuriated by Luke's threat.  Jean sneered and moved to attack, but Bunny stepped between the foes.
"Listen, Luke," she parleyed, "your family is fine.  We're treating them with the utmost care and respect.  For now.  But you have ten seconds to get into the sun before I rip your throat out.  We don't have any protection on right now, so we can't go after you.  Back.  Up."
Luke refused to wither away from Jean, but his self-preservation instinct kicked in as Bunny glared at him from under her eyebrows.  Luke backed up.
Bunny counted down.  "Ten...nine...eight..."  Luke turned around.
Jan shrieked, "Luke, no!"
Jean tackled Luke from behind.  Luke tumbled down the steps and fell face down on the ground, Jean on his back.  Jean flipped him over with one heave.  He reared a pair of fangs, but all Luke saw were Jean's glowing red pupils.
A blast of searing light struck Jean's face.  The LeVir roared in pain, the sound erupting like a volcano in Hell.  He fell off of Luke.  Luke scrambled to his feet, rushing out of the shadow.  There, Jan held a small mirror, shining bright with reflected sunlight.
Jean writhed in the shadow.  A long streak of sizzling flesh marred the side of his face.  His eyes burned at Jan.  "It won't be daytime forever, little Padre," he shouted.  "I'm going to enjoy watching your family burn."
Jean retreated to the mansion door.  He glowered at Jan and Luke, but something inside the mansion caught his attention.  He and Bunny withdrew into the building.
Colette appeared.
Jan grabbed Luke's arm and ran.  Luke stumbled backward a few feet then stopped, forcing Jan to stop as well.  His eyes were stuck on Colette.  She crossed the shadow line.  The morning sun burnished her dark hair.  She was completely human, but completely evil.
Jan tugged Luke to leave with her.  He followed.  They careered across the park, abandoning the SUV at the mansion.
Luke looked back.  Colette was still there, her black eyes firmly hooked into Luke, but she wasn't chasing them.  Nevertheless, they sprinted all the way back to Jan's house.



Chapter 18


LUKE CRIED ALONE in Jan's bedroom.  The Virgin Mary watched him.
Luke didn't know if he could trust Bunny when she said his family was okay.  He used the last hope he possessed to hope they were still alive.  But as he imagined his mother and sisters trapped, scared, and confused, he completely broke down.  He should have warned them.  He should have shown them some self-defense moves.  He should have been there to protect them.  He should never have gone with Colette.
Colette.
Luke's tears started all over again.  Her duplicity made him want to die.  Their entire relationship had been a con.  She had led him on, openly discussing vampires with him, inducing him to drop his guard.  What hurt worst of all was the fact that Colette didn't love him.  She didn't just break his heart; she ground it into the desert sand with the heel of her designer shoe.  Luke didn't know how his body was able to survive it.  How did his skin keep shape while the rest of him disappeared into the black hole in his chest?
He wished his family had never moved to LeVir Lake.  He wished they hadn't accepted the house from Lisa's parents.  Even if they'd ended up homeless in Massachusetts, at least they'd be together.  More than anything, Luke wished his father hadn't died.  His family could have lived happily ever after never knowing vampires actually existed.
The door opened.  Luke quickly wiped his face as Jan entered.  A spotless white unitard clung to her body, bedecked by a loopy belt and long white robe.  Her feet were bare.  She had wrapped her long hair into a tight bun.  The metal choker still adorned her neck.
Jan pretended not to notice Luke hiding his grief-stricken face.  She went to her vanity and picked up the stake with the crucifix carved into the handle.  She stroked the embellishment.
"This stake belonged to my father," she spoke softly over Luke's emotional inhalations.  "He gave it to me to look after right before the last raid, just in case..."  Her voice faded.  She slid the stake into one of the loops on her belt.
Jan sat beside Luke.  She waited for him to make the next move.  
Luke sniffled in a deep breath, waiting to speak until he was sure his voice wouldn't crack.  Without looking at Jan, he asked, "So?"
Jan sighed.  "No one will go with me.  It's suicide."
"Did you explain to them?"
"I explained everything," Jan said.  "I pleaded.  I begged them all.  They refuse to leave this house."
Luke wiped his face again.  "How can they?  My family needs them."
"I told them, Luke."  She hung her head.  "They said four people aren't worth going to the lair."
"They're afraid," Luke spat.  "They're cowards.  It's not just my family that needs their help."  Luke stood, looking down on Jan.  "You told me that once the source was destroyed, all the vampires would die.  You wouldn't have to live in the middle of nowhere anymore.  You could take a vacation.  You could walk in the moonlight and sit under the stars like normal people."
Jan let Luke vent, then she responded simply: "They refuse."
Luke stormed out of the room.
The entire Padres family was crammed into Jan's living room.  They all wore white, their hair slicked back and away from their scrubbed clean faces.  They were performing a murmuring ritual as Joaquin anointed each child with gleaming oils that made the nostrils tingle.
Luke thundered in, already yelling at them.  "I don't understand you people!  How can you not want to go there to them and fight?  How can you be scared?  You've trained your entire lives for this.  You know what needs to be done, and you know who has to do it."  Luke scanned the room, absorbing the surprised faces.  "You don't have to live in fear anymore," he appealed.  "Go to their lair.  Kill the source.  Then, it'll all be over."
The Padreses stared at Luke as if he were insane.  Luke saw himself in their eyes: fanatical, worn to the breaking point.  Maybe he was insane, but so was the entire situation.
"Gee, that was inspiring," Marc heckled from the rear of the room.  Luke glared at him.  "Too bad it's been done before, and everyone who's ever tried it was killed."
Jan joined Luke at his right side.  "We're at war.  There are going to be casualties.  We have to be devoted heart and soul to ridding the world of this evil.  We're all ready to die.  Let's make it die with us."
Luke momentarily peeked at Jan, perplexed by her "ready to die" comment, but he figured it was a Padres thing and refocused on her family, hoping her words had done more to entice them than his had.  The Padreses stared at Luke, a stranger, and Jan, one of their own, in bewildered silence.  A few crossed themselves.
Karol grasped her daughter's hands.  "Jan, be smart," she said, almost too faintly for Luke to hear.  "You've let him," she acknowledged Luke, "manipulate you.  You know who he is.  You know where his loyalties lie."  Luke glared at Karol.  He'd never liked her.
Jan removed her hands from her mother's grip.  "No," she defied.  "He's on our side."  Jan addressed the congregation of her family.  "Please.  It doesn't have to happen the way we were told it would.  We can make our own ending.  We're so much more ready than those before us.  And we've got Luke.  This time, with his help, we will be victorious."
The Padreses looked around at each other.  A few murmured.  Luke's spirits lifted momentarily, but then, the Padreses collectively turned their backs, in every sense of the phrase, and resumed their ritual.
Jan wilted.  She stared at her family, her eyes welling.  She inhaled and exhaled a deep, shaky breath.  She turned away and led Luke through the swinging door into the empty kitchen.  Luke stopped next to the table.  Jan walked to the kitchen counter.
Once the door stopped swinging behind them, Luke muttered, "I guess it's just you and me.  Are you ready to save the world?"
Jan rubbed her eyes.  "I have to show you something first."
"Now?" Luke said in disbelief.  "You were so insistent that I join you in this quest to destroy the vampires, and now that I'm ready to go, you have to show me something first?"
Jan pressed her palms against the counter, annoyed.  "Listen, Luke.  I have been on that quest since I was born.  My family has been on that quest for generations.  The quest will not end during the time it takes me to tell you what you need to know."
The swinging door flew open and Marc clumped into the kitchen.  "Let the record show I hate this idea.  What's the plan?"
Jan smiled gratefully at her cousin.  Even just one person joining them made the mission to raid the LeVir lair feel less impossible.
Marc retrieved a bag of coffee from a cupboard.  "You want some?" he offered Luke.
Luke shook his head and sat at the kitchen table, in the same chair he'd sat in that morning.  "I don't trust Padres coffee.  I think Joaquin was trying to poison me this morning."
Marc dumped two scoops of grounds into a filter.  "That was Joaquin's solution.  We're doing things Jan's way now."
"Solution to what?" Luke asked.  Marc looked at Jan to answer him.  Luke looked at her as well.
Jan pulled two objects from under the kitchen counter: an old leather journal, warped with age, and a glistening stone cube.  Five sides of the cube portrayed embossed faces Luke recognized: Jean, Bunny, Andre, Chrissy, and the centerfold girl.  The sixth side was blank.
Jan ran her fingers along the crinkled, yellow edges of the book.  "I never expected to have to tell you this, Luke.  I guess I assumed you would already know."
"Know what?"
Jan glanced at Marc.  He shrugged.  Jan inhaled deeply through her nose, preparing herself to explain whatever it was Luke needed to know, then carefully released the breath between her lips.  
"There is a vampire hierarchy," she began, "and at the very top is the royal family.  The most powerful of all of them is the Queen."  Jan faced the cube so the picture of the centerfold girl looked at Luke.  Though it was only a representation, Luke was temporarily dumbstruck by the beauty of her face.  "She is the first, and the source of all vampires' power.  She is the reason there are vampires.  Directly under the Queen is the Prince.  That's Jean."  Jan turned the cube so Jean's face taunted Luke.  "Besides the Queen, he's the strongest, most vicious, and most cunning vampire we've ever come across.  Next, there's the Princess."  Jan indicated the picture of Chrissy.  "She was the first vampire ever created by the Queen.  She's not very strong, but she's very seductive."  Jan turned the cube to present Andre.  "As far as we know, Andre is the only other second-generation still in existence.  We think of him as the captain of the guard assigned to protect the royal family, even though they don't really need one.  He's physically very strong, but not too smart."  She turned the cube to Bunny's side.  "Last but definitely not least, there's Bunny, the Queen's right hand and closest confidant.  She's not a second-generation, but she's just as dangerous as one."
"How do you know she's not a second-generation?" Luke asked.
Jan considered Bunny's likeness.  "Unlike the rest of the royal family, her skin is too sensitive for sunscreen to protect.  She doesn't often come out during the day, but when she does, she's completely covered in clothing.  However, her strength rivals Jean's, so we figure she's an extremely powerful third-generation."
"What about Colette?"  Luke couldn't help himself.
Marc fielded that question.  "Colette's an enigma.  The Padreses found her homeless and begging on the streets of L.A. and brought her here as prey for the LeVirs.  But instead of killing her, they took her in."
Jan continued the lesson, "Through our research of vampire culture, we've learned some vampires keep humans to do their bidding during daylight hours.  Some call these humans 'companions.'  We used to think Colette became the LeVirs' companion."
"Used to think?" Luke asked.
"Well," Jan said, "we brought Colette to LeVir Lake four years ago, but since then," she cast a glance at Marc, "she hasn't aged.  All we really know about her is that she's learned to be just as seductive as the Princess, and the LeVirs revere her, so she's very close to the Queen."
"Could Colette be the Queen in disguise?" Luke offered.  Jan and Marc both chuckled without humor.  "In the last dream I had," Luke recalled, "Colette turned into the centerfold girl.  I mean, the Queen."
Jan explained, "Dreams aren't literal.  You have to analyze them to find their true meaning.  Colette didn't turn into the Queen because she is the Queen.  She was baiting you in order to turn you over to the Queen, which would explain why she turned into her."
"Plus," Marc added, "the Queen doesn't need a disguise.  She's never used one before."
Luke reached his hand out for the cube.  Jan handed it to him.  He looked at all of the likenesses, then studied the blank side.  "Is there a King?" he asked.
Jan glanced again at Marc.  "There hasn't been," she wavered.  "Until now."
"Who is it?" Luke asked.
Jan stared at the book, unable to look Luke in the eye.  "You."
Luke took a moment to realize what Jan had said.  "Wait.  Me?"  He looked to Marc, who also refused eye contact.  "But I'm not a vampire."
Jan cleared her throat, seeming apprehensive to explain anything more to Luke.  "If you told us the truth about the first dream you had about the LeVirs, it seems the Queen has chosen her King."
Luke remembered.  "'I'm the one.'  But that was just a dream, not to be taken literally."
"Dreams are never just dreams," Marc responded, obviously not suffering from the same nerves that had Jan close to trembling.  "Especially when vampires get into them.  The dreams you had about the LeVirs weren't figments of your subconscious.  They're a forecast of the LeVirs' plans."
"I suspected it was you the day your family arrived," Jan admitted.  "No one had invited you.  No one knew who you were or why you had come, and no one in my family wanted to find out, so I took it upon myself to learn about you.  If you were who I suspected, I knew it was crucial that I got to you before the LeVirs could.  That way, I figured I could persuade you to leave LeVir Lake, or at least not to associate with the LeVirs.  I realized I'd failed in that attempt the night you followed the Queen into the woods.  When the Queen didn't chase us back into town, my suspicions about you grew deeper.  But the second you told me she had gone into your mind and told you she had chosen you, I couldn't deny it any longer.  The reason you're here is to become the Vampire King."  She made firm eye contact with Marc.  "And we have to stop you."
"But I don't want to be the Vampire King," Luke insisted.
"This will explain everything."  Jan placed the aged book on the table in front of Luke.  "Do you remember the story of Richard and Maria?  When the Padreses and the LeVirs first met, before we knew what they were, the Queen commissioned Maria's brother to carve the panels on the wall around the town.  He often worked alone and long into the night, and the Queen would visit him, charming him with fantastic stories.  It wasn't long before he realized the stories were of her unnatural life.  Before his disappearance, he gave us the cube and told the Padreses everything he knew about the Queen and the LeVirs, which included the prophecy of the Vampire King.  The Padreses recorded everything he told them in this book."
Luke eyed the many yellowed pages.  Jan expected him to read them all.  Marc slid a cup of coffee across the table into Luke's hand.  Luke sighed and got on with it.
The book didn't tell how the Queen came to be.  It launched directly into her various exploits, beginning with how, through her considerable talents, she and the first of her family quickly escalated in the echelons of European society.  Luke read about all of the important men the Queen had conquered in one way or another all over the world and throughout time.  It only made him wonder further why she would choose someone as insignificant as him to be her King.
He read on, reviewing how the Queen brought the core of her family across the Atlantic to the New World, spreading their infection.  She and her principle minions trekked the North American landscape, searching for a retreat where no one could find them unless they wanted to be found.  The LeVirs stumbled upon an oasis in the middle of the desert, and the Queen decided it was perfect.
Luke read about the LeVirs and the Padres' first meeting many centuries ago.  The Padreses agreed to build a town for the LeVirs in exchange for food and shelter.  Soon after the town was finished, the Padreses found out what the LeVirs really were, and they vowed to protect the world against the Queen and her vampire family.
Finally, after the sun had crossed the sky to come in the opposite side of the house, Luke reached the last chapter of the book: the prophecy of the Vampire King.  It began with a simple statement: "A disheartened innocent will come to LeVir Lake, become the Vampire King, and destroy the vampires."
Luke re-read the sentence three times, making sure he had understood the wording correctly.  He had.  The Vampire King was supposed to destroy the vampires.  But that didn't make any sense.  Why would the LeVirs sanction a King if they knew he was going to destroy them?  Luke continued reading.
The King's purpose was to regenerate the vampire race with creatures fifty times more powerful than any created by the Queen.  The King would then lead his vampires out of the shadows to dominate the powerless humans.  Together, the King and Queen would rule the supreme race, and the world.
That was the end.
Luke closed the book.  He was speechless as he considered his alleged destiny.  He stared at Jan.  She offered a weak smile.
Luke had spent the entire afternoon reading.  The sky had turned dark pink, almost red.  The ominous color seemed to foreshadow the impending bloodshed.  Even though Luke had tried to convince the Padreses to invade the LeVir lair, he wasn't exactly looking forward to going himself.
Marc stood.  Jan nodded at him, and without a word, he exited the kitchen through the swinging door.  As he left, Luke heard the rest of the Padreses praying.  It depressed him further than he already was.  Jan put her hand on Luke's.  He looked up at his friend.  Fear shimmered in her eyes.
A ball of fire blasted through the swinging door.  The force of it thrust Luke and Jan across the room.  Jan's back crashed against the kitchen counter.  Luke slammed into the back door.
Luke was dazed for a second, but he forced himself out of it.  Flames blazed in the other room, threatening to take the kitchen at any moment.  Jan was lying motionless near the fiery remains of the swinging door.  Luke crawled toward her, the burning heat cooking his eyeballs.  He seized Jan's arm and pulled her toward the back door.  Her limp body slid across the linoleum floor.
Luke spun the hot doorknob.  Jan groaned as he dragged her through the doorway and into the backyard.  Once out of the house, Luke picked her up and ran.
The house exploded.
The explosion knocked Luke to the ground, squashing a row of cabbages.  He covered Jan with his body as flaming debris fell around them.  Some of it landed on Jan's robe, catching it on fire.  Luke ripped the robe off of her and pushed Jan farther from the house.  Her groans grew louder, but she hadn't yet opened her eyes.
Once Luke reached a safe distance from the blaze, he beheld the burning "safe" house.  He wondered if anyone else had gotten out alive.  He wondered if it had even been possible.
Luke looked at Jan.  Her eyes were open and wet as she viewed the inferno.  Her hair was disheveled and her white clothes stained with dirt, grass, and assorted vegetable juices.  Even her pale skin was hopelessly begrimed.  She looked less pure.
Marc appeared at the side of the roaring flames carrying three sacks and marched toward Luke.  He was untouched by the blast.
"What happened?" Luke demanded.
Marc knelt beside Jan as he glared at Luke.  "Her."
"Who?"
"You know who," Marc snapped.  "She destroyed us for you."  He inspected Jan for injuries.
Jan blinked back tears.  "They wanted to go."
"Jan," Marc warned.
"They did," she insisted, addressing Luke.  Marc's expression was severe, but he let her continue.  "We had grown dependent on the LeVirs' wealth.  We despised ourselves for it."  She sobbed.  "This part of the prophecy they welcomed."  She spoke as if she had been killed in the explosion along with the rest of the Padreses.  Her chin dug into her shoulder as the tears slipped down her dirty face.
Luke's head shook from side to side.  He would never understand the Padreses.
"We suspected this would happen," Marc added from next to his only remaining family member.  "We interpreted most of it from the murals in the town wall.  Jean filled in the holes with his taunting."  Marc gently stroked Jan's hair out of her face.  She looked at him sorrowfully.  "Are you able?" Marc asked.
"I'm fine," Jan sighed.  "The attack came sooner than I expected and I hit the counter."  As proof that she was okay, Jan rolled to her side.  She pushed the top part of her body up, dragging her right foot underneath to support her.  She struggled to a stand, but her back remained curved.  "Thank God you got out in time," she said to Marc.
"Barely."  Marc tossed a sack at Luke.  Inside, Luke found three stakes, a torch, and a silver choker like the one Jan always wore.  Luke watched Jan cover Marc's neck with a third choker.  "You'll need help with that," Marc informed Luke.  Marc fastened Luke's choker around his throat.  It wasn't as constricting as Luke thought it would be, but he pulled at it anyway.
Jan transferred her father's stake from her torn belt to her sack and lit her torch against the red sky.  Marc followed suit.  He offered his fire to Luke.
"It's time," Marc announced.
"Time for what?" Luke asked as Marc lit his torch for him.
"Time to prove prophecies can be wrong."



Chapter 19


LUKE, JAN, AND MARC stopped at the edge of the woods.  It hadn't taken ten minutes to get from what remained of Jan's house to the spot where they stood, but the sky was black.  High above, pinpoints of stars offered their light, but they would provide no help where the three slayers were headed.
"We know the entrance to the lair is somewhere in the woods," Jan said to Luke.  "You almost fell into it the last time you were in there.  I had to pull you out."  She turned to Marc.  "But I have no idea where we were.  We just ran until we found a way out."
Marc studied the woods.  "We'll find our way in."
Wandering through the dangerous, self-shifting trees wasn't the best strategy they could have conceived, but since they didn't have time to think up a foolproof plan, into the black woods the three fledgling slayers went.  Luke felt danger steeping all around them.  He was certain even the air they were breathing had some sort of malicious intent.  And the light from the torches barely aided against the darkness.  The trees stood too close together to see anything other than more trees.  Luke remembered the last time he had wandered those woods and how the ground had seemed to disappear from under him right before Jan saved him.  He figured they were looking for a big hole in the ground, so he kept his focus low.  He ran headfirst into a tree trunk.
Aside from the subdued sounds of the slayers maneuvering around trees, the woods were silent.  Unnaturally silent.  No bats screeched above like before.  Luke stepped carefully to avoid any scorpions noiselessly skittering about his feet.
After several minutes of muted drifting, Luke couldn't stand the silence any longer.  "I don't get it," he said.  Jan shushed him, but Luke needed to talk.  He turned his volume down to a stage whisper.  "If you knew the LeVirs were going to come after all the Padreses, why didn't more of you get out of the house?"
Jan didn't answer.  She looked straight ahead, gliding around trees and over shrubs.  
Marc stepped close to Luke.  "It's not the smartest time to chat."
"But how come only you two got out?  I know you said they were guilty and all, but why didn't more of them want to escape?"
Marc scoured the darkness above them.  "If more of us had survived, the LeVirs would have sensed us and known the prophecy was off course.  Besides, a quick death is better than the alternative if you do manage to become King."  Marc looked straight at Luke, almost challenging him.  "Padreses aren't afraid of destiny.  We don't run from fate, and we don't go around the woods having stupid conversations so the LeVirs can find out two of us survived.  Shut.  Up."
Marc stepped away, skirting a tree that seemed to appear from nowhere.  Luke followed, but he couldn't get the dead Padreses out of his mind.  Especially the kids.  He remembered the previous morning that he'd spent with them in the desert, observing them train.  Regardless of their youth, they were the most impressive athletes he had ever seen, and they'd been groomed as warriors pretty much since they were born, yet none of them ever actually got to use their extraordinary skills against the evil creatures they'd trained to battle.  It was all so tragic, so pointless.
What had happened to his life?  When Luke lived in Salem, he never would have imagined the horrors he would one day go through.  Wandering through dark, creepy, silent woods looking for the entrance to an underground lair of super-strong, super-vicious, super-evil vampires who'd kidnapped his family was bad enough.  He needed to get the thoughts of dead children, their bodies charred and smoking, out of his head.  He quietly sang to himself the first song that popped into his brain.  "When you're alone and life is making you lonely, you can always go..."  
Marc directly faced Luke.  The Padres wore an expression that rendered Luke afraid to speak ever again.
Marc turned away.  Suddenly, he lost his footing and tumbled to the ground.  His training had taught him not to cry out; however, on his way down, he grabbed Luke, whose yelp echoed through the woods.  Marc clamped his free hand over Luke's mouth.
"Be quiet," Marc commanded.  He released Luke from his grip.  Luke was silent.  Marc whispered, "My choker is stuck on something.  I need you to take it off me."
Luke handed his torch to Marc.  He reached around Marc's neck and into the sticky bramble that had trapped the choker.  Luke slid the clasp apart and freed the Padres.  As Luke pulled away from the scrub, a thorn grazed the back of his hand.  He compressed the scratch to stifle the small red droplets seeking to seep out.
Marc helped Luke to his feet and returned his torch to him.  They looked around, trying to regain their bearings--as if they'd ever had them.
Luke couldn't see Jan.  He lifted his torch to illuminate a larger area, but to no avail.  All he saw were trees.  Luke's lips moved to call out her name, but something hard struck the back of his head before he could utter a sound, and he blacked out.



Chapter 20


LUKE OPENED AND CLOSED HIS EYES several times before he fully regained consciousness.  He was freezing.  He felt as if someone had stolen his nose and replaced it with an ice cube.  Goosebumps covered his body, which shivered violently as it tried to warm itself.  Luke realized he was naked.  He moved to cover himself, but leather straps trussed his wrists and ankles to the cold stone slab under him.  Another strap reached across his torso, preventing him from sitting up.  The chattering of his teeth resonated in the dimness.
His choker was gone.
Luke scanned his dark surroundings.  Lit torches lined the towering walls, but they scarcely helped him see.
Luke felt something metallic under his fingertips.  He picked up a small disk and craned his head to see it.  A penny.  Luke crunched his abdominals to examine the coin closer, though the restraints severely limited how much either his chest or arm could move.  A large spot on the head side of the penny blotted out the minting year, but he knew it was from the year he was born.  He was holding the same penny he had thrown into the town park well when Colette had given him a tour of the town.  Luke looked straight above him.  Shafts potholed a rocky, domed ceiling.  The shaft above him had to lead to the well in the middle of the park.  Luke's eyes traveled back down the crumbling stone walls.  Colossal tree trunks stretched along the cavern walls to drink from the sprawling lake that surrounded him, proving Lara's theory of an underground water source.  Hung all around the cavern were macabre sculptures made of bones.  Human bones.
Luke remembered that place.  He had seen it in his dream--the one where the Queen told him she had chosen him to be her King.
To Luke's right, several cages speckled the bank of the lake.  The two cages closest to him each contained an emaciated vampire: one man and one woman.  Though they'd deteriorated to look much different from their portrait, Luke recognized them as Richard LeVir and Maria Padres.  Impressions of the lovers' efforts to break free and save the other scarred the ground surrounding the cages, but they no longer reached for each other.  They extended their skeletal arms toward Luke, ravenous for his blood.  They licked their dry, almost mummified lips at the fresh cut on the back of his hand.
In another cage farther from the lake, the LeVirs had crammed Jan and Marc together, sans their sacks and torches.  They slowly awoke from their individual traumas in the woods.
"Luke!" a voice Luke knew by heart cried.  Lisa.
Luke strained his neck to locate his mother.  She, Lena, and Lucy were trapped together in the largest cage, which sat on the shore directly behind him.  Luke had to tilt his head all the way back to perceive that they were unharmed, though terrified witless.  They trembled as they stared at Luke, hoping he would somehow be their salvation.  Luke searched for Lara, but the rest of the cages in the cavern were vacant.
The left bank was closer than the right.  LeVirs lined the shore, all smirking at Luke, all drooling for possession of his veins.  Andre fronted the family, towering at the water's edge, his thick arms crossed over his wide chest.  He had traded his suit for antique body armor.  Bunny stood next to him, wearing an exquisite green and blue gown of medieval nobility.  Her blonde hair streamed along her back in a wispy braid.  Her complexion had returned to its supernatural pallor, but the skin around her eyes was dark purple, as if she hadn't slept in days.  A bandage covered her left wrist, stained with what looked like dark red ink.  Bunny made eye contact with Luke, her expression strangely disturbed.  Then she walked away.
Luke spotted Chrissy, a consummate temptress in gold lingerie.  Her hair and body glittered in the torchlight.  Four male LeVirs surrounded her, basking in her glory.  One of them was the greasy truck driver, who was now missing a hand.  In the crowd of LeVirs, Luke also noticed Irene the school principal and Cherie the diner waitress, both dressed to kill.  Literally.
Chrissy captured Luke's eyes with her own.  He tried to look away, but he couldn't break the gaze.  His mind fought to regain control.  Chrissy grinned with satisfaction.
Jean stepped into Luke's view, standing right next to the stone slab, breaching Chrissy's enchantment.  Unlike the rest of the LeVirs, who seemed to be decked out for Satan's Halloween party, Jean wore his normal clothes, which were still way swankier than anything Luke had ever owned.  The Prince had a long, ugly scar on his cheek where Jan had wounded him with sunlight.  He lowered at Luke with contempt, though he maintained his evil grin.
"How are you this evening, Luke, old chum?" Jean snarled.  He threw a blanket over Luke's exposed pelvis, barely covering him.  "Compliments of the Queen."
Luke glanced at Jan and Marc, then at his family.  They were all dressed.  "Why did you take my clothes?" Luke demanded.
"Why not?" Jean answered, an entertained chuckle quaking his smooth voice.  "Can I get you anything else, Highness?  A cocktail?  How about something for that headache?"
Luke growled the beginning of a threat, "Jean--"
"Let's get one thing straight from this moment on," Jean interrupted.  "The name is Piotr.  Never call me Jean again.  I hate that name.  I had no idea I'd be stuck with it for so long when I chose it.  It was supposed to be a joke."  Jean, or rather Piotr, perched on the edge of the slab.  "Everything you knew about LeVir Lake is over.  Well, everything except the Padres were all big, fat losers.  But now they're all big, fat, smoking corpses, so--"
"Piotr," Colette's voice cut him off.
Luke's head snapped to look for the source of her voice, but Piotr grabbed his jaw.  Piotr stared into Luke's eyes and leaned closer to him.  For a moment, Luke was certain Piotr was going to kiss him.  Luke pushed his head against the stone.
Piotr released Luke's jaw and slid off the slab.  He crossed a low bridge connecting to two enormous stone thrones carved into the wall of the cave.  Crazy old Padre Miguel from the library crouched at the top of the smaller throne, gripping a worn chisel and hammer.  His hands oozed black blood.  The old man hissed at Luke and flashed into a vampire being, but his ancient body couldn't handle the transformation and he lapsed back to human form, wobbling from the exertion.  Luke expected him to topple off the throne, but Padre Miguel regained his balance and returned to chipping at the throne, frequently glancing at the gorgeous girl dressed in a burgundy gown standing in front of the thrones.
It was Colette.  She looked directly at Luke, her hands on her hips.  Luke watched Piotr wrap his arms around her waist.  The Prince licked Colette's cheek.  Though she didn't react at all, Luke tensed, clenching his fists.  He knew he shouldn't feel anything but loathing toward Colette, but he couldn't manage to dispose of his other, nicer feelings.  Piotr, pleased with Luke's reaction, retired to the smaller throne.  Luke hoped Padre Miguel would drop his hammer right on Piotr's head, but the old man had become completely focused on his chiseling.
Luke looked at Colette.  She simply stood in front of the thrones, scanning Luke's body.  Her dark eyes stabbed his soul.
Luke didn't know how long they stared at each other without any interruption, but he realized he actually couldn't take his eyes off of her.  He was entranced by her, but it was a completely different spell than the one Chrissy had trapped him in.  Colette's spell was unintentional, and though Luke hated her for what she had let the LeVirs do to his family, he almost enjoyed being caught in her charm.  His blood stirred as he took in her torch-lit beauty, the lighting reminding him of the candlelight from his dream of her.  Her silk burgundy evening dress hugged every curve, pouring away from her legs, which peeked through a slit in the skirt.  Her hair cascaded over her bronze shoulders, caressing her bare back.  She was more breathtaking than ever, yet something was terribly different about her.
Colette wasn't the same person Luke had grown attached to in the mayor's garden.  Her eyes were more than hollow--they were void of everything, even darkness.  Her expression was a strange concoction of jubilant sorrow.  She seemed possessed.
"I knew you were coming," she told Luke from across the cavern.
Her voice had changed from the carefree teenaged tone.  It sounded older, more experienced, and unnatural, underscored by its own hidden symphony.  It was the most beautiful music Luke had ever heard.
"I knew you were on your way ever since Marc was born.  Six fingers on his left hand signaled the time was near for the prophecy's fulfillment.  Then, Janice Cristina Padres"--she rolled the R's--"came along.  Her parents knew from the minute she was born that she would be the one to save the Padres family.  The one to ensure their place in Heaven."  Colette rotated her head toward Jan.  "Dear Jan.  Have you ever shown him what's underneath that collar?"
Jan hung her head.  Tears spilled from the Padres's endless supply.
"Show him now," Colette ordered.
Luke watched Jan.  She reluctantly lifted her hands, moving in soft, measured twitches until they reached her neck.  Marc helped her unfasten her choker, but he looked away as Jan removed the neckpiece.  She moved her hair, presenting her throat for the first time since Luke had met her.  Luke squinted to see.
Two circular scars sullied her porcelain neck.  Their dark brown coloring made them pop out of her skin.  They were darker than any scar Luke had ever seen.  He squinted further and realized they weren't scars--they were birthmarks mimicking a vampire bite.
Jan squeezed her eyes shut in humiliation.
"Do not be ashamed," Colette comforted her enemy.  "I know you never wanted this gift, but no one else in the world could have handled it more gracefully than you have.  Though you fought it and denied it up through this very night, you are the representation of the world to come."  Colette addressed the LeVirs.  "It is time to prepare for the coronation of the Vampire King.  Then, the Vampire Race can never be stopped."
The LeVirs cheered.  Luke balked at their jubilation.  Why were they celebrating that the King who was supposed to destroy them had arrived?  It was crazy.
Luke angled his head back to see his family.  They huddled together, not able to believe what was taking place.  Luke struggled to free himself, but his restraints were steadfast.  He yanked and pulled, the chains connecting his leather cuffs to the slab chinking inharmoniously as they struck the stone faster and faster.
"Why me?!" Luke roared, the sound erupting from his throat on its own.  His outburst silenced the LeVirs, and surprised himself.  But since he had gotten everyone's attention, he might as well keep going.  "What do you want from me?" he begged.
The LeVirs consulted Colette.  She was the picture of seriousness.  "I want what every girl-of-your-dreams type wants."
She wasn't answering his question.  "What?" Luke growled.
"A name."
Luke wasn't in the mood to play her game.  "You have a name," he said.
"I have many names.  Lilith, Lamia, Black Kali, Nosferat, Succubus, Colette, et cetera.  But the name I prefer above all of these is my birth name."  Colette's body transformed, exactly as it had done in Luke's dream.  Her hair turned so black it held no shadows.  Her skin paled as if it had never felt the sun.  Her eyes fell even bleaker, with a tiny red glow to her pupils.  She was the centerfold girl.  She was the Queen.  "Vannaya."
The LeVirs bowed to her.  Piotr made a grand show of condescending himself to his Queen.
Luke gawked.  Water rushed to his eyes, threatening to flood his tear ducts and display the extent of his pain.  The entire time he had known her, Colette had existed as nothing more than a ruse.  Jan and Marc were equally as shocked.
"You see, Luke," Vannaya, the Queen, said in her musical voice, "I knew that when you finally came to LeVir Lake, I would need to get close to you, but I couldn't make myself accessible to the Padres.  Therefore, a few years ago, I disguised myself as a homeless teenaged girl and I let the Padres bring me back to LeVir Lake.  They sacrificed me to the LeVirs like everyone else they bring here, but I made it seem that instead of killing me, the LeVirs had accepted me into their nation while keeping me mortal.  This confounded the Padres, but they eventually figured I had become a--what did they call it?--a companion.
"When you finally arrived, I was able to curry favor with you without putting myself in jeopardy.  I still appeared as myself from time to time to alleviate any suspicion, although some of my closest advisers thought that would be a dead-giveaway."
Vannaya smirked at Bunny.  Luke closed his eyes to keep from crying.  The Queen possessed the same adorable smirk as Colette.
"In plain truth," Vannaya admitted, "I had a lot of fun at the Padres' expense.  But now, the time has come."
Andre and another male launched clear over the lake to the cages.  The breeze of their flight startled Luke into reopening his eyes.  Andre unlocked Jan and Marc's cage.  Jan allowed the LeVirs to remove her, but Marc kicked Andre hard in the jaw.  Andre seized Marc by the head and threatened to snap his neck, but from the other side of the lake, Bunny ordered him to halt.  The authority in her voice made everyone freeze for a second.  Andre scowled, releasing Marc from the headlock.  The bulky LeVir bound Marc's arms behind his back, making sure the Padres was in pain, and pushed him out of the cave into a corridor behind Jan and her captor.  They faded into darkness.
Vannaya glided across the bridge to the stone slab.  She moved so smoothly Luke wasn't sure her feet were actually touching the ground.  Her arms stayed straight at her side, but one lone finger on her left hand reached longingly toward Luke.  The warm tones in her burgundy dress reflected off her marble-hued skin like a low, steady fire.  Her blank eyes gave no visible indication of her thoughts, but a tide of feeling swept over Luke.  He felt every emotion in her body.  Her hidden excitement shot like a laser from her one pointing finger.
She adjusted the blanket to cover most of Luke's body, then she placed her hand on Luke's cheek.  Her skin was even colder than his was, sending an icy tinge through his veins.  Luke shirked away from the touch.
Vannaya was undeterred.  She communicated with him without speaking, her voice in his brain telling him not to worry; she would see him later.  Perplexed by the extra-sensory message, Luke forgot his anger and looked at the Queen.
As she stared into his eyes, her body once again changed.  She shrunk and turned black, morphing into a large raven.  Flapping wings, she rose above Luke.  With a ringing screech, Vannaya flew out of the cave.  Luke found he wasn't even surprised that she could shapeshift into other creatures.  Of course she could.  She was the freakin' Queen of all freakin' vampires.
The instant she was gone, Piotr transferred to the larger throne.  "Ah, this is much more comfortable."  Luke glared at him.  Piotr made himself at home before acknowledging Luke.  "This is where the King will sit," Piotr informed.  "For some inexplicable reason, V thinks you are he, but she doesn't know my plan.  I've earned leadership of the LeVirs, and I will be the leader of the vampires after this night."  Piotr grinned at Luke.  "How do I know this?  Because I know I am going to kill your family, then your friends, and then I am going to take absolute satisfaction in killing you."  Piotr chuckled, observing his nails.  "But the Queen deserves a King, and as I said," he chucked his buoyancy and snatched direct eye contact with Luke, "I've earned it."  Piotr stood and addressed his subjects.  "When I am King, no vampire will die under me.  Eternal life for all!"  
The LeVirs cheered.  
Piotr jigged about the thrones in a ridiculous dance.  He crowed to his fellow vampires, "I'm so ecstatic I feel I should break into song.  Cue the orchestra!  Where are my fucking backup dancers?  I'm going to be a star!"
He flung his arms out and spun, rising into the air.  The LeVirs chuckled at his performance.  The only vampire not enjoying his pomposity was Bunny, who openly frowned at his egotism.
Piotr stopped spinning and returned to the ground, looking at Luke.  Rather that watching Piotr's display, Luke was laboring to see his family.  With an effortless bound, Piotr flew over Luke and landed next to the cage containing Lisa, Lena, and Lucy.  He grinned cruelly at them, flaunting his fangs.
"You're probably wondering what's going on, aren't you?" Piotr teased.
Lisa pushed her children behind her, shielding them with her body.  Mustering all of her courage, she managed to ask, "Are you what I think you are?"
Piotr cackled.  "We are the creatures of the night.  We are the monsters of the land, the devils of the air, the unholy of the sea.  We are every nightmare you ever had.  And now, you get to experience that which is us in the flesh."  Piotr sneered, "La-la-la-lucky you."
"Leave my family alone!" Luke yelled, but Piotr ignored him.
In a blur, Piotr was on the other side of the cage, his fingers running through little Lucy's hair.  She wailed in fear, shaking her head, telling herself it wasn't happening.  Lisa and Lena were too startled from his speed and frightened of his actions to intervene.  
"Do you think this is a nightmare, little girl?" Piotr asked Lucy, his voice drenched with sadistic glee.  "This isn't a nightmare.  This is one hundred percent real."  Piotr's pitiless eyes shifted to Luke.  "Sucks, huh?"
Lucy tried to shift away from Piotr's fingers, but his hand clenched around her hair, ensnaring the little girl in his clutches.  Lucy screamed.  Lena and Lisa broke out of their paralyzed fear and scratched to free her, but Piotr was unyielding, thoroughly enjoying the torment he was inflicting.  All the while, he leered straight at Luke.
"Don't fret, my pet," Piotr whispered to Lucy, just loud enough for the sound to stretch across the distance between him and Luke.  "Your dread will soon be over."  Piotr pulled Lucy's head through the cage bars as far as it would fit.  She squealed like a pig being dragged by its haunches to slaughter.  Piotr's eyes took in poor little Lucy.  "I'll take away all of your fear," he promised.
"Leave her alone," Luke ordered again, sounding more like a plea that time.
"Please," Lisa begged, sobbing.  "She's just a little girl."
Piotr released an overstated guffaw.  "Just a little girl?" he mocked.  "Allow me to show you just how wicked 'just little girls' can be."
He snapped his fingers.  The LeVirs looked keenly toward a corridor on the far side of the cave.  Luke followed their gazes.  The passageway sounded with the patter of little feet.  Luke and his family stared, petrified of the approaching creature.
A little girl emerged.  She was blonde, dressed in a white party dress, had huge blue eyes, and was extremely pretty.  She smiled innocently, observing the cave curiously.  Behind her, another little girl came out, indistinguishable from the first one.  Another perfect little girl came into view, and another, and another, until nine identical little girls had exited the corridor.  They walked toward Piotr.  He commanded them with a simple glance, and they changed their direction en masse to cross the bridge connecting to the slab.
Luke pressed himself against the stone as the little girls encircled him.  They inspected him, teeming with curiosity.  One little girl placed her hand on Luke's neck, smiling.  Her flesh felt like it was on fire.
"Sugar, spice, and everything nice," Piotr recited.  "That's not what these little darlings are made of.  This is what happens when you try to turn a child.  Our blood doesn't agree with them, and it changes them into something different."
"Luke," Bunny warned, "don't look them in the eyes."
Bunny's caution surprised Luke.  Wasn't she supposed to be in league with Piotr?  Luke fixed his eyes on the little girls.  He could sense their evil despite how innocent they appeared.  Luke feared that if he did not survive the night, Piotr would turn his younger sisters into whatever those creatures were.  The little girl who touched Luke's neck constricted her fingers around his throat.
Piotr added, "Things are rarely as good as they seem."  He snapped his fingers.
In a blast of arcane wind, the girls' forms changed.  Their hair blew back, flinging away the blonde to expose thick black serpents.  Their white outfits melted into glossy black robes fused to their steaming, scaly skin.  Their huge eyeballs flooded with blackness, and inches-long fangs protruded from their darkened lips.  They were gorgons.
"Luke!" Lena shrieked.  "Don't look at them!"
Luke squeezed his eyes shut.
Talons scraped at his face and eyelids.  One of the creatures twisted his wounded hand and reopened his cut, inviting it to bleed again.  The tiny Medusa with her hand around Luke's throat squeezed until he couldn't breathe.  Knife fingers traveled up his leg and down his torso, aiming for the region underneath the blanket.  Luke thrashed to shake off the monsters, but his restraints gave them ample chance to slice at him.
Piotr snapped his fingers again.
The scratching stopped.  The hand around Luke's neck vanished.  With extreme caution, Luke allowed one eye to unclench.  He saw the stippled cave ceiling, but no gorgons.
They had disappeared.  Luke's eyes raked the cave, making sure they were really gone.  He looked over the parts of his body he could see.  Long white marks marred him all over, but besides the cut on his hand, their razor talons had resisted drawing any blood.  Luke knew they had been waiting for a different signal from Piotr.  He almost felt grateful to him that he had ordered them to go away instead of tearing him apart.
Lucy screamed.  Luke's head snapped back.  Piotr had wrenched his youngest sister's hair again, pulling her toward him.
In the loudest, most striking voice Luke could muster, he commanded, "Leave her alone!"
Piotr paused in his pulling.  He grinned at Luke.  "You don't want me playing with your little sister?" he bullied.  "Fair enough."  Piotr released Lucy, throwing her into the cage.  Lisa and Lena covered her, shielding her from any further torture on Piotr's behalf.  But Piotr was finished with Lucy.  He baited Luke, "What about your big sister?"
The four LeVirs surrounding Chrissy left her beguiling presence and journeyed to the back of the cave.  They produced a hidden lump, lifting it over their heads.
Lara's body.
The LeVirs carried and dropped her near Lisa, Lena, and Lucy's cage.  She thudded lifelessly on the ground.
"Careful," Piotr advised.  "That's a precious young woman.  She's very sensuous and"--he sucked the tips of his fingers, his lips popping off of them--"sweet."
Luke flailed wildly, drawing all of his fury to break his restraints.  His shoulder blades pounded against the freezing rock slab.  Luke whacked his elbows and the backs of his legs against the stone to achieve leverage, but the infuriating restraints wouldn't give.  "I'm going to kill you!" he bellowed at Piotr.  "You bastard, I will kill you!"
Piotr meandered along the bank to Lara's body.  "But I didn't kill her," he said, his voice maintaining its maddeningly even tone.  "I didn't even bite her.  I merely drained her blood and left her for dead.  Guirdine killed her."
Luke sought out the LeVir to which Piotr referred.  He caught Bunny staring vacantly through her dark circled eye sockets at his dead sister, holding her wounded wrist.  Rage seethed inside Luke's body.
Piotr knelt beside Lara.  He hummed a sinister tune as his hands fondled her body, pawing over her face, breasts, stomach, and farther down.  Luke gritted his hands into fists.  Every muscle in his body contracted.
Lisa reached out of her cage toward her child.  She blubbered protests against Lara's fate as Piotr stroked the corpse.
Lara's fingers twitched.
Luke froze.  He stared at Lara's hand.  Her weak fingers curled and released.  Piotr brushed her hair away from her face.  Lara opened her eyes.  Her pupils glowed red.
She wasn't dead.  She was worse.
Bunny crossed to her vampire child.  Lara recognized her creator, and she smiled, her new fangs evident.  Bunny returned the look blankly.
Lara tried to sit up, but Piotr kept her prone.  "No, no, don't move.  You haven't fully recovered.  Gather your strength.  You'll need it for when you feed."  He cast a sideways glance at Luke's family.
Lisa gaped at her daughter, refusing to comprehend what Lara had become.
Luke boiled with wrath.  His hatred for the entire vampire race spilled over.  "You parasite," he spat.
Piotr looked at Luke, his mischievous demeanor melting to one of blatant hostility.
Luke persisted, "You're nothing but lousy parasites.  You're no greater than a common mosquito."
Piotr soared to Luke's side.  He pressed his face against Luke's, his eyelashes poking Luke in the eye, his dead breath in Luke's nose smelling like a rotting wound, and roared, "Do you think you are so significant that I won't drain you of everything moist in your body?"  Piotr suddenly remembered himself.  He backed off, smoothing his attire.  "You're right.  Sucks for me."  He ran his fingers through his greasy hair, resetting the strands that had strayed during his momentary loss of control.  "But you have affronted me," Piotr said with an overly aristocratic air, "and for that, I think you will suffer.  Now," he contemplated the cage that held Luke's family, "who will it be?"
Luke hoped Piotr was only trying to get a rise out of him, but the hope waned as Piotr deliberated.
"Should it be your mother?  She's very attractive for a woman her age, but she's had too many children to be a successful vampire.  Too much maternal instinct overpowers the drive to feed.  But then, who says I can't just kill her?"
Luke tensed.
"Then again," Piotr grinned, "innocents are yummier."  Lena and Lucy burrowed into Lisa, but a better idea came to Piotr.  "I know.  I'll pull your little Padres girlfriend out of the dungeon and have a well-deserved meal.  I'm still simmering from where she stroked me this morning."  He tenderly tapped the scar on his cheek.  "She's a fighter.  You'll have to take her down, Guirdine."
Bunny--Luke realized her real name was Guirdine--glared at Piotr.  "I only fight women as attractive as I," she said.  "Envision that, if you will."
An enticing hum floated into the cave.  Piotr looked up as if the noise were visible.
"Ah, pooh" he pouted.  "You're in luck, Guirdine.  Our lovely Queen is almost ready for our guest.  Take him to the dungeon."
Guirdine continued to glare at the Prince.  The tired circles faded for a moment.  "Yes, sir."
Piotr sighed.  "How come every time you call me sir, it feels like you're saying 'dickhead'?"
"Sometimes when you think the truth, it comes out in your lies," Guirdine quipped.
Piotr laughed, losing gaiety with each chuckle until his face was rigid and severe.  "Do it."
Guirdine obeyed.



Chapter 21


LUKE STUMBLED INTO A SMALL DUNGEON, falling hard to the cold stone floor.  Andre dug his foot into Luke's side, kicking him clear across the ground to where Jan and Marc were detained several feet apart.  Luke struggled to keep the blanket tied around his waist before Andre snatched his arms away.  He bound Luke away from his friends, making certain Luke was especially uncomfortable.
The prisoners sat impotently in the frigid cell, their arms tied behind them at the elbows and their ankles tethered to the wall.  
Andre lingered at the door of the dungeon.  "Can I get you anything," he mocked, recycling the taunt that Piotr had used earlier.  "A drink?  Some reading materials?"
"Bastard," Marc muttered.  Jan nodded in agreement, but she was still slumped because of her hurt back.
"I may be," Andre chuckled, "but Hell is about to break loose, and baby, I'm the map!  I'm going to be riding high once Piotr becomes King, and I won't have to tiptoe around you marshmallows anymore."
Jan stuck her tongue out and razzberried Andre.
Andre's jaw dropped from astonishment.  Once words could come out, "I can't believe you just did that," was all he could say.  Andre exited the dungeon, still in shock.
Luke had to laugh.  "You just razzberried a second-generation," he pointed out.  Even Marc had to crack a smile.
Jan shrugged.  "I've always hated Andre."
"His name isn't Andre," Luke clarified, "it's Jacques.  Jean is Piotr, Bunny is Guirdine, and Chrissy is Juliana.  They're really touchy now about calling them by their real names."
"What happened after we left?" Marc asked.
Luke paused, waggling his restricted ankles.  "Lara was turned."
Jan whispered a prayer.  When she finished, she said, "I'm sorry, Luke.  Was it Jean, er, Piotr?"
"It was Guirdine's blood."  Bunny's true name incited Luke's rage.  He threw his head back and hollered, "What kind of a name is Guirdine, you bloodsucker?  You'd better not touch anyone else or I will kill you all, I swear!"  Luke snickered to himself, the sanity he had managed to hold on to so far slipping.  "Piotr wants to be the Vampire King."  He shouted at the dungeon door, "Good luck with that one, asshole!  If you're King, you'll run the entire race into the grave, you mosquito!"  Luke explained to Jan and Marc, "They don't like it when you call them mosquitoes, but that's what they are.  Mosquitoes!"
"Luke, calm down," Marc said.  "Remember, they can kill you with one swift motion."
Luke was beyond the point of caring.  "Yeah, bring it."  If the LeVirs wanted him dead, he couldn't do anything about it as long as they had him, Jan, and Marc trapped in a dungeon.  Luke glanced around at the dark stone walls and the heavy chains that hung from them.  He could not believe he was actually locked up in an actual dungeon.  Underneath his crazed ire, complete helplessness plunged like a fifty-pound weight to the pit of his gut.
"We've been devising a plan to get out of here," Jan whispered.  
Luke listened.
Marc indicated the ankle fetters.  "If we could get our arms over our heads, we could free our ankles, and then we could untie each other's hands."  Luke tried to raise his arms up behind him, but he could hardly lift them.  Marc instructed, "You're going to have to dislocate your shoulders so your arms can go over your head."
Luke gawked at Marc.  "My head hurts because the stupidity of that plan made my IQ drop so fast.  I might paralyze my arms."
"You'd rather stay here?" Marc goaded.  "Let's put this on a scale.  Escape and live, or stay here and die, albeit with the use of your arms."
"And if you escape," Luke countered, "even if you happen to find our weapons, when you run into one of those parasites, what are you going to do?  Stake it with your toes?"
"Don't think I couldn't."
"Shut up," Jan interrupted.  "Someone's out there."
The light from the outer passageway flickered through the cracks of the wooden dungeon door.  A figure paced back and forth on the other side.  Luke lay on the frigid ground, stretching every inch of his body to position his ears as close to the door as possible.  He listened to the footsteps.  The sound paused meditatively, but soon began again.
"What are you doing out here, Guir?"
Luke bolted upright.  "The Queen," he whispered to the Padreses.  He hadn't heard a second set of footsteps approach, but he knew the Queen was fully capable of sneaking up on anybody.  Guirdine had to have been the one pacing.  He lay back down to listen.
"I'm waiting for Piotr," Guirdine's voice filtered into the dungeon.  Luke sneered at the sound of Jean's real name.  "He wanted to assist me in escorting Luke to the chamber."
Luke looked at Jan and Marc.  "They're gonna take me to a chamber.  Any idea what that means?"  Both Padreses shook their heads, but they looked worried.
"After you bring him," Vannaya instructed, "I want you to gather the females and take them to rest."
"But most of them just awoke," Guirdine informed her, sounding confused.  "It's night."
"It's a big night.  They need to rest as much as possible.  As do you, Guir.  Turning someone always makes you so weak."
From the long pause, Luke figured Guirdine had agreed.  He listened closer in case the LeVirs were speaking in hushed tones, but Marc was creating a ruckus as he tried to reposition his elbow restraints to his wrists.  Luke shushed him sternly, a spray of spit nearly reaching Marc's arms.  Marc glared, but he complied.
Luke felt a strange sensation in the center of his chest.  It was a tickling feeling, like his blood was whispering to his heart.  It told him that Vannaya was looking at the dungeon door.  She could sense the prisoners plotting the same way Luke could feel her thoughts.  She, too, was up to something.
"Do you remember the sunsets of Duceva?" Vannaya asked.  Guirdine didn't reply in an audible manner.  "They were so beautiful to watch from the swamp," the Queen reminisced.  "You watched them religiously whenever the cloud cover broke."
"What made you think of that?"  Guirdine's voice was soft and woeful.
"Nothing in particular."  Luke sensed Vannaya considering her subject with calculating eyes.  "How long has it been since you've seen the sun set?"
Vannaya let Guirdine think for a moment, then she casually changed the subject.  "When Piotr arrives, tell him I want Luke delivered directly to the chamber.  No fun."  Luke felt Vannaya leave, even though her footfalls were silent.
Luke strained to listen for any further sounds, but outside the door was silence.  He looked to Jan and Marc.  They shrugged.
Footsteps approached.  Luke immediately refocused his ears to hear whatever was happening on the other side of the dungeon door.
"Why are you staring at that torch?"  It was Piotr.  Luke's insides burned with fresh hatred.
"I was just thinking," Guirdine said.
Piotr snickered.  "Of what?"
There was a contemplative pause.  "Sometimes I envy humans," Guirdine revealed.  "They can go wherever they please whenever they please."
"So?  Where do you want to go that you can't?"
"Outside during the day."
"You can go outside during the day."
"It's not the same."
"Why?" Piotr scoffed.
Guirdine sighed.  "Because the sun shines outside."
A short pause.  Then Piotr laughed with condescension.  "Thank you for the science lesson, Professor Nostalgia."
Guirdine's voice resumed its firm disposition.  "Vannaya wants Luke brought to her immediately."
"No fun?" Piotr whined.
"No fun."
The dungeon door opened.  Luke quickly sat up.  He didn't want Guirdine realizing he had heard her private conversation with the Queen.  The incarcerated humans all glowered at the LeVirs as they entered.  Guirdine turned away from their angry faces.  Piotr reveled in them. 
He ignored Luke and made his way across the dungeon to Jan.  He grabbed her jaw and lifted her head to expose her neck.  Every muscle in Jan's body visibly tightened.  Her face radiated pain as Piotr forced her spine to straighten, but she refused to release any sound of weakness.
"You have no idea how many times I've fantasized of drinking from you," Piotr confessed, his voice dreamy and drawling, his fingers skimming over her cheeks.  "You must have the most delectable blood.  And lo, I don't even have to find your artery.  You have a road map on your neck."
Piotr fingered the birthmarks.  Jan recoiled, trying to roll away from him, but he gripped her firmly.
"Don't be afraid, little Padre," he hushed.  "After this night, I might need a new woman in my life.  Which would you rather be: an angel in Heaven, or a devil on Earth?"
"You can't turn her," Guirdine reminded.  "The Queen has forbidden it."
Piotr dismissed, "Unlike you, Guirdine, I am not Vannaya's puppet.  I'll do as I please.  Besides, what's she going to do?  Kill me?"  Guirdine glared, but she let Piotr continue toying with Jan.  He fondled the ends of her flaxen hair.  "You know, I've always had a thing for blondes."
"You're not going to do anything to her, LeVir," Marc said.
Piotr jeered, "Are you going to stop me?  Do you need a can of spinach?"
Jan took the opportunity to spit on Piotr's face.  Piotr flinched, but he didn't retaliate.  He sniffed agitatedly, his nostrils forming sharp slits in his face, but they softened as he wiped the spit off of face with his fingertips.  "Why'd you go and do a thing like that, little Padre?"  He licked his moistened fingers.  "You're making me lose patience."
"You're going to lose more than that," Jan warned.
Piotr chuckled.  "I admire your conviction.  You still think good can triumph over evil."  He rested his chin on his fist in thought.  "Have you ever considered that maybe we're the good guys and we're supposed to succeed?  Wouldn't that put a damper on your little self-righteous let's-go-out-and-save-the-world-from-the-big-bad-vampires operation?"  The Padreses continued to glare.  Piotr shrugged.  "Ah, who am I kidding?  We are bad, and that's what I'd rather be.  We always have a huge orgy after victories.  Yes, being bad is a lot more fun."
"Go to Hell," Marc erupted.
Before Marc could shield himself, Guirdine was on top of him, her long fingernails digging into his head.  Her fangs were suddenly out and aimed for his neck.  She stopped right before biting him and hissed into his skin, "When you dream of going to Hell just so your soul will exist, you'll think twice before ever saying that again."
Guirdine's eyes rolled back.  She pulled away, staggering to her feet, leaving Marc trembling.  Her fangs retreated.  She regained her cold composure and looked at Piotr, who was lounging on the dungeon floor, sniggering at her losing her temper.
"It's time to take Luke to the chamber," she ordered.
"What chamber?" Luke demanded.
Guirdine didn't answer.  She released Luke's ankles and elbows from the fetters.  Piotr pranced out of the dungeon, leaving Guirdine to handle Luke.  As she forced Luke to leave the small stone room, he sent his ensnared comrades a reassuring glance.  The dungeon door slammed closed.
The LeVir gripped Luke's arms so tightly he was afraid his skin, muscles, and bones would all compact into one inseparable wad of tissue, but he refused to show any sign of pain.  He gritted his teeth as the pressure mounted.  They followed Piotr down numerous corridors that all looked the same.  After many curves and corners, they reached their destination.  Piotr opened a door larger than the rest, revealing the mysterious chamber.
A table and two seats sat in the middle of a large room, cut from the stone like every other room he'd seen in the labyrinthine lair.  Cushions covered one extremely comfortable-looking chair, while the other seat was a simple stone stool.  A candle-filled chandelier hung above the table.
Guirdine pushed Luke into the room.  He managed not to fall that time and looked back at the LeVirs.  Guirdine moved to close the door, but Piotr entered before she could.
"Piotr," Guirdine warned.
"Just a moment."  Piotr swaggered past Luke to the comfortable seat.  He knocked one of the cushions off the chair, leaving it on the floor.  Then he switched the placement of two other cushions.
"Piotr," Guirdine ordered.  "Now."
The force in Guirdine's voice would have petrified Luke had she directed it at him, but Piotr sauntered right past her out the door, self-satisfied.  Guirdine shot daggers at him with her weary eyes as she closed the chamber door.  She didn't put a lot of force into closing it, but it still created a thunderous bang that echoed in the chamber when it shut.
Luke was glad they were gone.  He needed time alone to think, to figure out a way back to his family to get them all out of that nightmare.  He studied the chamber, looking for anything that might help him escape.  In addition to the table, chair, and stool, thirteen pedestals circled the room.  On top of each pedestal rested a giant stone vase.  A pile of clothes rested against the vase on the pedestal closest to him.  They were Luke's.  He dressed quickly, rubbing his skin to help it thaw.
Why did the Queen want him in that chamber?  Was that where she was going to try to turn him?  Even though Luke still possessed strong feelings for Vannaya's alter ego Colette--albeit against his will--he had no qualms about fighting her for his life.
Luke was about to look into one of the stone vases when the tickling sensation in his chest returned.  He could feel the Queen approaching.  He turned around, perceiving a door behind the chair that he hadn't noticed before.  The door opened, and Vannaya stepped into the chamber.
Luke felt excited, nervous, and cross all at the same time.  He wanted to hate her, but he couldn't.  Luke struggled to keep his wits about him.
Vannaya glided to the chair.  She paused when she noticed the misplaced cushions.  Her perturbed look relayed that she knew exactly who had done it.  Vannaya put the cushions back precisely where they had been, a sour pucker skewing her face the entire time.  Once she was content with their positioning, she sat on them.
"Please, take a seat," the Queen motioned to Luke.
Luke eyed the stool.  It didn't look comfortable at all.  He took a few seconds to decide whether he was going to do as she asked.  He figured there was probably no danger in sitting at the moment, so he sat, and he and Vannaya looked at each other.
She doesn't look evil, Luke thought to himself.  He recalled his musings over whether vampires killed because they wanted to or because they needed to.  He was certain mosquitoes like Piotr took life for the pleasure it awarded them, but as Luke contemplated Vannaya, warily gazing into her hollow eyes, he knew she was no murderer.
Still, she was a liar.  Luke remembered everything Colette had said to him about her feelings for him, and how she didn't want to hurt him, and his animosity flared.
All the same, she didn't look evil.
"Things aren't always what they seem," Vannaya responded to Luke's thought train.  He objected to the intrusion.  He shifted his focus to the pedestals, hoping breaking eye contact would defeat any power Vannaya might have over his will.
"What am I doing here?" he demanded.
"I wanted to talk to you one on one.  I want you to understand your destiny."
"My destiny?  Are you talking about the whole Vampire King thing?  Because Piotr seems pretty set about that."
"Piotr's a haughty fool," Vannaya said matter-of-factly.  "He's been jealous of you ever since I had the first vision of the prophecy.  I knew about you centuries before you were born.  If you didn't notice, the last panel on the wall around LeVir Lake is a picture of you."
Luke had thought it looked familiar.  Now that he thought about it, it was actually kind of eerie how much the victorious young man did look like him.  And the beautiful young woman Luke had recognized in the stone book but couldn't place had been Vannaya, his centerfold girl.  But Jan had said the wall was built before the town existed, way back in the early eighteenth century.  How could Vannaya have known what he'd look like that long ago?
"Luke," Vannaya sighed, "you might as well just say what you're thinking because I'm going to respond to your thoughts anyway, and I know how violated you feel when I do that."
Luke crossed his arms over his chest, shielding himself.  "Fine.  Can I ask you a question?"
"That's why I brought you here."
"How do I know you won't lie?" Luke challenged.  "Everything you've ever told me was a lie."
"Not everything, and I already explained why I had to do that.  I promise whatever answers I give you now will be completely truthful.  Ask me anything you wish."
Luke sat back.  He had several questions on his mind.  He started with an easy one.
"Is Dracula real?"
Vannaya smirked, shaking her head at his audacity.  "Not in the Bram Stoker sense.  Anything else you want to ask?"
"How old are you?"
"Luke," Vannaya bantered, "you know better than to ask a woman her age."
"You said I could ask anything I wanted."
Vannaya thought about it for a second.  "Let's just say I'm older than anyone you've ever met."
"That doesn't answer my question."
She returned her gaze to him.  "I never said I would answer your broody musings.  Ask me a sincere question and I'll sincerely answer you."
"Have you ever got it on with a woman?"
Vannaya laughed.  "I cannot believe you."
Luke shrugged.
"Yes," Vannaya admitted, "I've been with women.  Try living as long as I have.  Sometimes, you need a little variety."
Luke leaned in.  "Guirdine?"
Vannaya mirrored him, crossing her arms and leaning in.  "Are you going to get serious?"
"Colette told me she was a virgin," Luke stated.  "How could she be if she was really you?" Luke remembered too late that that had taken place in a dream, but regardless, Vannaya answered.
"I'm sorry I hurt you, Luke.  I told you I didn't want to."  She sat properly in her seat with her back erect and her hands folded on her lap.  "The entire time Colette existed, I didn't pursue anyone.  There were many people who wanted to be with me, but you're the only one I want to be with from now on.  In your dream," Vannaya said, "the stories, the passion, the emotions were all real."
Luke remembered the emotions.  He still felt them.  All the same, he was infuriated that the person he felt those emotions for had deceived him so deeply.
Playtime was over.  "Exactly what can kill a vampire?" he asked.
Vannaya frowned.  "Lots of things.  Most vampires are even frailer than humans.  The most famous method is a stake through the heart, but really, anything that can puncture a heart will do.  Our immortality is in our blood, and blood can't flow properly without the heart, even if it doesn't beat."
Luke thought back to all of the wooden stakes he had helped the Padreses make.  He wondered if they knew they weren't restricted to that specific weapon.  If Luke had known and had been in charge of the Padres' defense, he would have procured enough guns to supply the army of a small country.  Then he would have happily blasted all the LeVirs away.
"First of all," Vannaya responded to his thoughts, "the Padres would have never allowed such craven violence.  Secondly, a wooden stake is the traditional weapon of choice, and we both know how traditional the Padres were."
Luke pursed his lips at her use of the past tense.  There were still two Padreses alive and ready to slaughter the LeVirs.  At least, he hoped they were still alive.  "So if I were to go out and stake Piotr right now, he would die?  Hopefully painfully?"
"Doubtfully.”
Luke scrunched his face.  He should have known Piotr would be a pain in the ass to kill.
Vannaya explained, “For the few vampires as strong as Piotr, you would need not only to destroy the heart, but also decapitation to separate the brain from the body, and then burn the remains to destroy his ability to regenerate."
Luke sucked on the soft flesh of his inner cheeks.  Vannaya was offering up a rather generous amount of destructive advice against her own people.  But then again, she was planning for Luke the Vampire King to obliterate them.  He figured it was all part of her plan.  A part he didn't mind going along with.  "What about sunlight and holy water and crucifixes?  And garlic?" he asked.
"It depends on the generation.  The lower the generation, the lower their tolerances are to human things, the lower their abilities, the easier to kill."
"Do you have any special powers, being the source and all?"
Vannaya shook her head.  "I have the highest tolerances.  I'm essentially just like a human, except I'm immortal and need human blood to function.  I can't fly.  Well, not in this form--but I can only change form for a few minutes at a time, and then I need a while to regain my strength.  And I can't change into a fish for some reason.  I can hold my breath for over an hour, I can jump five stories using my own leverage, and I can run faster than any species on Earth."
Luke was only half-listening.  He had noticed something odd about the vases.  Even though the LeVirs liked to decorate anything they possibly could with that stupid Moon and Sun design, the vases were all unmarked and smooth.  He wondered if there was a reason why.  A reason that could help him.  
"I can catch you if you run," Vannaya promised.
"I know."
"I don't want to threaten you," Vannaya said, "but you have no idea how important this prophecy is to me.  If it isn't fulfilled, I don't think I could survive."
Luke grimaced.  His heart panged at the thought of a world without her.  Nevertheless, "I can't survive if it is fulfilled."  Luke looked directly at Vannaya.  She returned his look with the same amount of determination.  Neither of them was going to back down.  Luke laughed at himself.  "I thought a choker would protect me.  How stupid is that?"
"Not stupid at all," Vannaya assured.  "The chokers are pure silver.  Silver is a very effective repellant.  Even if I touch silver, I get burned."
"Why?"
"I don't know.  I don't know everything.  I didn't get to have all of my questions answered before I was turned."
Luke knitted his brows.  "But you're the first.  How were you turned?"
Vannaya stared toward him, but not at him.  "I don't know that either.  I don't remember anything about it.  But there was a time, long ago, that I, too, was human."
"You had a family?"
"Once upon a time.  But a plague took everyone from me."
Luke felt her sadness in his heart.  "Do you think you're cursed?"
Vannaya didn't speak, but Luke knew her answer.  She stopped responding altogether and simply stared into space.  Luke wondered if she was finished answering questions, but then she looked directly at him, her hollow eyes like pits of sorrow.
"I've seen things you could have only seen in the corner of your nightmares--the place where you're too afraid to look.  I have seen things that could paralyze your brain, your rationale, in less than a second.  Evil no human could survive, or has.  But the worst part--the part that would cause my heart to ache if it could--is that I am the root of all those things."
"If you hate it so much," Luke asked, "why don't you put an end to it?"
"The cardinal law of intelligent existence is never kill your own kind without complete, just cause.  Humans have broken that law since Cain."
That was true.  Luke shifted on the stool.  His backside was numb.  He stood and paced.  Vannaya fixed her eyes to him.  Luke sized up a vase, touching the smooth stone but not feeling it under his fingers.  He had another question he wanted to ask, but he wasn't sure he should.  He felt Vannaya urge him to say it.  He couldn't resist.
"What's it like to be a vampire?"  Luke glanced out of the corner of his eye at Vannaya, curious to see whether his question gave her any hope that he might actually be interested in being her King.  Her expression gave away nothing.
"At first," she said, "they all have a conscience.  It's one thing retained from humanity.  Except Piotr--he was always a sociopath.  But every other vampire starts out refusing to feed, refusing to kill.  Then, they realize that if they don't kill, they don't eat, and they can't exist.  If they don't exist, they disappear.  There is no Heaven for vampires with overflowing rivers of blood and white-clad virgins aplenty.  There isn't even a Hell."  Vannaya shook her head, her eyes remaining on Luke.  "If I had known what you know, and if I had been given a choice, I would have preferred dying a miserable death, but keeping my soul.  In fact, I pleaded for it.  I begged God, whom I had never before even acknowledged, to grant me death.  But like you, my fate had already been decided.  The dark forces of our existence had chosen me to start their triumphant vampire race; but right before I was turned, I prayed to a stranger God instead of them, so when they turned me, they took away my soul.  And they take every other soul I'm responsible for turning into one of my kind, which, because I am the source, is every single one."  Vannaya finally took her eyes off of Luke to rub them with her fingers.  "I don't want to carry this burden any longer."
Luke stared at her pained face.  He wondered whether she would turn him after all if given the chance.
"Why did you choose me to be your King?" he asked.
She didn't look at him.  He was disappointed about it.  "I didn't.  They did.  But the very first time I saw you, I knew they had gotten it right.
"Long before I brought the LeVirs to the New World, I had a vision.  At first, it was blurry, so I wasn't sure who the real King was or when he would come to be, or even how.  I actually believed it was someone else before you, but I was wrong.  As the years went on and I moved my family to the home the dark forces had created especially for us, I began seeing the prophecy more clearly.  I saw the chain of events that would bring you here.  I saw your rich mother eloping with a blue collar and disowning her family.  I saw your father die young and your mother unable to support her family.  I saw her accepting a house from her parents.  I saw your family move across the country, and I saw you meet Jan first."
Vannaya continued to avert her gaze.  Luke sensed that she didn't want to admit the next section of her narration.  He used his mind to urge her to continue.
She released a quavering sigh.  "When the time came for these events to take place, I made sure they did.  I wooed your mother's fiancé so she would feel unwanted and find her rightful mate.  I convinced your grandparents to buy the house next to Jan's sight unseen.  Then, I had to wait.  You were still a young child and I couldn't send for you yet.  You saw what happens when a vampire tries to turn a child before it goes through puberty.  Luckily for me, you were an early bloomer, and I couldn't wait any longer."  She paused, working up the courage to continue.  Luke was motionless, hoping her next sentence wouldn't reveal what he feared it would.  He focused all his strength into his mind to make her speak.  She did.  "I bought a man several post-work drinks, and as he drove home, he struck and killed your father."
The air turned solid and unbreathable.  The darkness of the room burned into a blinding white light.  Luke felt as if his body had disappeared--he couldn't feel anything.  Time stopped for Luke, but Vannaya kept talking.
"After your mother accepted the house from her parents, I sent one of my subjects to escort your family to LeVir Lake, and I made sure my family stayed away from you until Jan had earned your trust."  Vannaya finally returned her gaze to Luke, her face imploring forgiveness.  He barely noticed.  "I had to make sure it all came true."
Luke didn't respond.  He stared at the chandelier, which zoomed in and out of focus.  The numbness lifted, and every inch of his body and soul was in pain.  His legs shook beneath him, threatening to give out.  Vannaya's words sank into his pores, shooting through his veins and absorbing into his mind.  The Vampire Queen had staged his entire life.  Worse than that, she had actively planned his father's death.  Luke's recurring dream appeared in his mind--the vision he had taken as truth to be the way his father had died.  Lawrence strolling peacefully along the dark back roads that hid behind their Salem subdivision.  Lawrence staying as close to the edge of the road as possible without his feet rolling into the soft, steep grass that fell away from the cracking asphalt and washed down to a dark sea of shadows.  Then, though Luke's anguished psyche begged the image not to play, the bright, blinding headlights flashed across the road.  A black pickup truck swerved back and forth as the drunk behind the wheel took another swig of beer, but unlike all of the other times Luke had seen the truck, this time he saw the driver, and he looked like Luke, and someone was in the truck with him--a woman too beautiful to be human, urging him to take another drink.  As the road curved, the truck found grass and nearly rolled off the slim shoulder.  The oversized tires squealed as the driver spun the wheel to get back on track, unwittingly targeting Lawrence Wright.  Luke's father only saw the blare of the headlights come from behind him as the truck struck him, sending his body sailing through the air, almost graceful as his limbs extended away from his body like a dancer whose life had been committed to polishing the perfect arabesque.  Luke had never let himself see further than that moment of elegant flight, but this time, he did.  He saw everything perfectly from the cab of the truck, the Vampire Queen sitting next to him, watching with hushed bliss as her plan, centuries in the making, came to fruition.  The bright headlights illuminated Lawrence's body as it crashed into a tree, snapping one of his beautifully rounded arms to bend sharply where nature had never intended it to.  The impact also put deep bruises all over Lawrence's body and face, mainly the prominent cheekbones that Luke hadn't inherited.  The worst damage, however, came from one of Lawrence's five fractured ribs.  Gravity slammed his body hard to the ground, so hard that he bounced up from the springy October undergrowth twice before finally ending his nightmarish flight drowned in the sea of shadows cast by the poorly paved back road resting several feet above on top of a slope where the dented black pickup truck had stopped, and the beautiful woman got out and left the scene, knowing Lawrence, the father of the person she supposedly loved, was about to die.  It was the second bounce that had sent Lawrence's rib into his stomach, spilling blood into the organ.  Blood that gurgled up his esophagus and out of his mouth, pooling beneath his battered, unmoving face.  Despite the terminal blows, the doctors had said that Lawrence had remained conscious for at least an hour after the accident.  The police had started calling Lisa ten minutes after it happened.  However, Lisa and her children were at Luke's football game (which Lawrence never got off work in time to attend), and Lisa had forgotten her cell phone at home.  Lawrence was at the hospital and still alive when Luke's game ended, and his family could have gone home to find the series of messages relaying Lawrence's deteriorating condition.  Yet, instead of going home after the game, Luke and the Wright women went out to dinner to celebrate the home team's victory.  Luke had insisted.  By the time they got home and Lisa received the messages about her husband's accident, Lawrence Wright was gone, and none of his family had gotten to say goodbye.
Luke's father's accident.
Accident.  
Luke sneered at the word.  His body felt both on fire and frozen to the bone core.  His teeth ground against each other, threatening to shatter from the pressure his furious jaws exerted.  He saw nothing but the white center of the nearest flame.  He was the center, the white-hot misery of his recent enlightenment.
"I beg you not to hate me, Luke."  The Queen's voice sounded far away as it slid into his ear like a snake between Indian paintbrushes.  "I had to," she slithered.  "He had to die so you could become King."
Luke focused his fury on the speck of white fire raging in front of him.  If he dared release his stare, his body might explode.  He funneled his hatred into his words, aiming carefully at the Queen's black heart.
"You're psychotic," Luke growled.  "You killed my father, but not for his blood.  You killed him to kill him.  That's worse than evil.  That's the most heartless, malevolent, despicable--"
A watery sniffle came from across the table.  Luke's rage ebbed for a moment.  He broke his glare on the fire to take in the sight of the impossibly beautiful creature seated across from him.  The creature was crying.  The soulless, overly rational Vampire Queen was crying from guilt a million times stronger than Luke had ever felt about his father's death.  There was nothing either of them could do about it now.  The time for hatred was past.
Tears, still hot from Luke's fury, poured from his own eyes.  Impossibly, he found himself understanding why she had done it, feeling the deep need she had to make her prophecy come true filling his own gut.  He also felt the thousand-pound weight of guilt she carried in her motionless heart, but he couldn't forgive her.  He would never forgive her.
Vannaya wiped her eyes.  She stared at the table.  Luke sat back down on the hard stool.  It was time to complete his business.
"I want Jan and Marc released," he said.
"Already done."
"How can I trust you?"
Vannaya sniffled.  "Because I know Guir.  She's not as strong as she wishes she were.  Whenever I remind her of her lost human life, she feels sorry for our victims and refuses to feed for weeks.  Coming back to Jan and Marc: out of sight, out of mind."
Luke glanced at the door through which he had entered the chamber.  He hoped Jan and Marc could find their way through the maze of corridors to reach his family in time.  He was about to look back at Vannaya when he caught sight of something he hadn't noticed before.  By the door, the three sacks Marc had provided were lumped in a pile.
Vannaya called his attention back to her, saying, "I began this existence when all I wanted was an end, so I am going to let you decide for yourself whether you want to be my King, or to retain your soul."
Luke opened his mouth to answer, knowing exactly what he wanted.
"Before you choose," Vannaya interrupted, "think of what will happen if you walk away from me.  You'll go back to Salem, but you'll find you can't fit back into that life.  You'll travel.  First, all over the country, then all over the world, searching for something.  Me.  Every now and then, you'll come to a place where I once rested, and because we're eternally connected, you'll sense my residual presence and you'll regret choosing that life.  Eventually, you'll find someone who you hope can replace me, and you'll think you love her.  But you won't.  You can't.  You'll simply grant her that fake companionship practiced by those who've found true love and lost it.  She'll grow tired of your imitation love and leave you.  You'll pretend, always pretend that you're fine.  You won't need anybody.  You'll lose contact with all your friends, family, and anyone who ever cared about you, before you die, alone and forgotten."
Luke couldn't move.  Her words had petrified him.  He didn't know whether the Queen was capable of seeing anything in the future besides her precious prophecy, but what if she could and that bleak prediction came true?
Vannaya stared into his eyes.  "I'm giving you the opportunity to escape that mediocre fate and join me as rulers of a mighty race destined to take over the world.  I'm offering you immortality, power, and me.  Now choose.  That 'life'...or me?"
Luke opened his mouth to answer, but he faltered.  He couldn't believe he had to think twice about giving up his life, especially to spend eternity with someone he now hated, but Vannaya presented a persuasive case.  After everything he'd experienced in LeVir Lake, how could he possibly go back to his old life?  He knew too much about the world's secrets, and himself, to go back.  So what kind of life was there for him now?  He didn't want to end up alone and forgotten, but he also didn't want to end up a soulless bloodsucker.  Luke tried to convince himself that he could live a rewarding life without Vannaya, but he couldn't.  Even if he never saw her again, he knew he would always feel her.  He didn't want to live with her, but there was a part of him that couldn't live without her.  How long could he handle that connection without actually being with her before it drove him mad?  He had to reach for another answer to keep him from Vannaya's enticing grasp.  He had to think of a bigger purpose: the welfare of the world.  No, that was too big.  He had to think of his family, of his friends.  He reminded himself that he had to choose what was best for them, even if it meant living the rest of his life in misery.
He gave her his answer.  "Life."
Vannaya glared at him.  A red glow ignited her pupils.  Her fangs extended.  "No."
Vannaya shot over the table.  Luke's stool fell over from the force of her attack, and the two of them slammed to the ground, knocking the breath out of Luke.  Vannaya pinned him.  She lowered her jaws to his neck.  Luke wrestled to free himself, but Vannaya's monster strength pressed him to the ground, immobilizing him.  He screamed as her razor-sharp fangs cut his neck.
Vannaya flopped down on top of Luke.  "I can't!" she cried.
"Thank God!"
Vannaya rolled off of Luke.  He scrambled to his feet, his heart pounding, and grabbed the sacks.  They still contained the stakes.  Luke grabbed the door handle, but before he could open it, Vannaya seized his ankles, yanking his feet out from under him.  Luke fell hard to the stone ground, his breath leaving him yet again.
"No!" Vannaya wailed.  "I can't lose another King.  The visions can't be any clearer."
Luke produced a stake and threatened Vannaya with it.  Though a stake was no match for the Vampire Queen, the fact that Luke would use it on her dazed Vannaya enough for him to liberate his ankles.  Luke remembered how Colette had acted in his second dream after she knocked over the paper towels.  He grabbed the rim of the vase closest to him and pulled.  
It was heavier than Luke had anticipated.  Vannaya scrambled toward him, her limbs crossing over each other like a spider.  Luke switched to a pushing position, shoving the vase with all his might until it tipped over, pedestal and all.
It tumbled into the next pedestal, which fell into the next, which fell into the next, creating a thunderous domino effect.  One by one, all of the pedestals toppled, crashing and breaking against the hard floor.  Thousands of marbles spilled from the vases, scattering all over, surrounding Vannaya.  The mess paralyzed her.  She could only stare as the last pedestal fell, crashing into her chair, sending her cushions flying.
Luke gawked at the chaos he had caused.  He hadn't meant to destroy the entire room, but he hoped it was enough to keep Vannaya at bay.  He shifted his gaze to see the Queen's reaction.
Vannaya was trapped.  She stared at the sea of marbles at her feet.  Luke opened the chamber door, but all the Queen could do was kneel and start gathering marbles, counting them as she went.
Luke's mind told him to go, but his body lingered in the doorway, staring as Vannaya fixed the disorder.  Her hands were a blur as she scooped up marbles and dumped them into a bowl-shaped remnant of a vase.  It took all of Luke's willpower to keep himself from dropping to his knees and helping her.  After all, he had made the mess.  He reminded himself that Vannaya was probably putting the urge to help her in his head.  Still, he heard Lisa's voice in his mind chastising him for not cleaning up after himself.
Lisa.  Luke remembered the reason he had come to the underground LeVir lair in the first place.  Piotr was still out there, salivating for Luke's mother and sisters.  He had to go.  He darted into the corridor.
Vannaya called after him, "There's one thing the prophecy didn't mention."
Luke paused, unable to help himself.  He looked back at the pitiable Queen.
"One thing I couldn't anticipate," she continued, still picking up marbles.  "The one thing that could destroy me.  I never knew...I would fall in love with the King."
Luke's angry mind tried to resist it, but his body surged with euphoria.  His heart became weightless, threatening to float out of his chest and soar into outer space.  At that moment, he knew he was truly in love with her, too, even though he truly hated her as well.
"I never knew I would fall in love with you," she confessed, her blank eyes somehow incredibly heartfelt as she stared up at him.  "I don't know how it happened.  I didn't know I had a heart to give.  I never knew."  She struggled to keep from crying again.  "You can run, but I will catch you," she decreed miserably.  "Go now."
With her permission, Luke tore out of the chamber.  He kept an eye out for LeVirs patrolling the corridors as he tried to remember the way back to the lake, but every passageway looked the same.  He hoped he would run into Jan and Marc.  They undoubtedly had a plan for getting out of the lair.  Luke trusted it was smarter than the shoulder-dislocating farce.
Luke jogged past an open door.  He skidded to a stop.  Had he actually seen what he thought he'd just seen?  He retracted a few steps.
Luke found a room lined with coffins.  Over a hundred wooden caskets were set at a vertical angle against the walls.  Cushions blanketed the stone floor, covering every square inch up to the doorway.  On top of the cushions, the female LeVirs slept, their bodies intertwined so Luke couldn't tell which parts belonged to which woman.  Guirdine and Juliana rested amongst the supernatural heap.
Luke set down his sacks.  He had resolved to stop the LeVirs from hurting anyone else he loved, and there laid a perfect opportunity.  He removed a torch from the wall and stole into the rest chamber.  He trod as noiselessly as he could, keeping an eye on the sleeping LeVirs.  Luke extended the torch to touch the coffin nearest the door.  It caught fire.  He tiptoed to the other side of the entry and lit another coffin.  He backed away.  A single cushion had wandered from the sleep pile.  Luke picked it up and touched the torch to the plush fabric.
Guirdine stood.
Luke froze.  The vampire prowled toward him, coasting over the slumbering bodies of her sisters.  A mixture of hate and terror engorged her dark eyes.
Luke threw the burning cushion at her and seized the edge of the door, swinging it closed with a bang.  Guirdine batted the flaming pillow away and flew to the door, but she was too late.  She hammered on the door.  It splintered from her blows, but the solid wood was too thick for her to destroy it.  Her shrieks, however, pierced it easily.
Luke had to use all of his strength to keep the door shut from her frantic pulling.  He was lucky she was still weak from turning Lara or he never would have been able to force the bulky latch to catch, locking the lady LeVirs in.  He heard the rest of the females wake as the cushions caught fire beneath them, turning the floor into an ocean of flames.  They screamed as they burned into nonexistence.
Luke backed away from the door.  He collided into someone.  Luke whipped around, ready to combat anyone who challenged him.
Marc stared at him in astonishment.  Jan also stared from her position on her cousin's back.
"Hey," Luke greeted.  He tossed them their sacks.  Jan shook out of her shock and sifted through hers.  She pulled out her father's stake and released a huge sigh.  She placed the stake back in the sack and re-wrapped her arms around Marc's neck.  "Hitching a ride?" Luke asked.
"My back.  I can't walk."  Luke's heart sank.  He had been relying on her foot-to-head combat skills.  "What happened to your neck?" she asked, alarm brimming her voice.
Luke touched his neck.  He was bleeding where Vannaya had sliced him with her fangs.  "I was attacked, but I got away."  He chose not to let the Padreses in on the extent of his and Vannaya's conversation.  "What's the plan?"
"We need to get out of here," Marc said obviously.
Luke stifled the urge to smack Jan's cousin.  "And how do we do that?"
"We have no idea," Jan announced.
"Great."  Luke moved in the direction he had been traveling, but Marc stopped him.  
"We just came from that way," he said.  "It's a bunch of dead ends.  Let's go this way."  Marc indicated the way from which Luke had just trekked.
"That's where I just was," he said.  "You don't want to go down there.  Trust me."
There was only one other option: a corridor perpendicular to the rest chamber.  Luke, Marc, and Jan proceeded down it.



Chapter 22


IN LESS THAN A MINUTE, the slayers found themselves in the cavern with the lake.  Oddly, it seemed darker than before, though the torches were all still blazing.  Odder still, the ground seemed to be moving.
Luke's foot struck a huge snake.  He lurched back behind Marc and Jan as the snake bared dripping fangs in a wrathful hiss.  Luke's eyes adjusted to the dim cave and he realized the reason the ground seemed to be moving was because the cavern floor undulated with snakes.  Some were even hanging from the bone sculptures mounted throughout the cavern, but most of the serpents crowded around the King's throne, on which perched an enormous raven.  The bird beheld the slayers, its black bead eyes staring down its beak at them.
Luke's heart pounded at the sight of the bird.  Vannaya had been able to pick up all of those marbles a lot faster than he'd thought possible.  Running really was futile.  What was she going to do to him now?
The largest snake slipped between Marc's legs.  Marc stumbled away from it.  As it slithered in front of the slayers, it grew.
Jan retrieved her father's stake from her sack and signaled Marc to set her down.  She stood as straight as she could, ready to strike as the snake pulsated and enlarged and wiry white hairs sprouted from it.  It's tube body widened into a broad torso with massive shoulders and brawny arms.  Its bottom half split into huge, muscular legs.  The mouth with the dripping fangs shrunk and sprouted lips, but the devious fangs remained protruding from the malevolent monster's face.  It was the white-bearded Jacques.  He loomed before them, naked and parading his fangs in an evil sneer.  
Before Luke could react to the unwelcome nudity, Jan's stake plunged into the vampire's chest.
Jacques's jaw dropped.  He looked at the wooden shaft protruding from his chest, then looked wide-eyed at Jan.  "Jan Padres?" he asked no one, bowled over by the identity of the human who had defeated him so swiftly.  He barely had time to finish his shocked statement before his body crumpled into tufts of red dust, collapsing to a mound on the ground.  The dust seemed to implode upon itself until it was no more than a pile of fine mist.  Marc kicked the pile, sending a cloud of rusty particles into the cave.
A deafening snarl invaded the slayers' ears.  They snapped to attention.  While they had been distracted by Jacques's transformation and death, the other snakes had transformed into the rest of the male LeVirs.  They were all naked, but Luke was more aware of their red glowing eyes.
In a blur, the LeVirs snatched the slayers' sacks, leaving Luke, Jan, and Marc unarmed.  The slayers positioned themselves against an ambush, but rather than attacking, the LeVirs looked to the King's throne, awaiting instructions.
The raven morphed, growing, pulsing, throbbing into a human form.  The wings lengthened into arms.  The stalky legs thickened and extended.  The black feathers dissolved into sleek, colorless skin.  Luke waited for Vannaya to appear, but instead, it was Piotr who sprawled arrogantly over the throne.
"Well, well, well," Piotr smacked, crossing his bare legs and glaring a hole into Luke, "look who's here.  I have a present for you, sire."  The last word was no more than a snarl, but it resonated through the cave.  Piotr motioned to the far bank.  Luke looked.
Lisa, Lena, and Lucy were out of their cage, their mouths gagged, their hands bound, and an eager LeVir positioned at each of their throats.
Piotr picked his nails as he gave Luke an ultimatum.  "All I really want is the Padres girl.  Her neck has been on my menu ever since I got a taste of her daddy."  Jan pressed her body against the cavern wall behind Luke.  "Surrender Jan to me," Piotr stipulated, "and I'll let you and your other Padres friend go, as well as your family.  If you don't hand her over, I will kill everyone.  Either way, Jan will be mine."  He grinned and his voice raised a gleeful octave.  "What's your choice?"
Why did vampires keep giving him impossible choices to decide between?  Luke looked at his family, then at Jan.  She couldn't fight Piotr in her condition, and the expression on her face told Luke how distraught she was that her life lay in his hands.  However, even though Luke was more terrified than he had ever been in his life, he saw right though Piotr's pretext.
"Neither," he told Piotr.  "You'll kill us all regardless of what I say."
Piotr lifted his eyebrows.  His grin remained steady.  "Clever boy, but not as smart as he thinks.  Why do you think your two Padres friends saved themselves from the fire as the rest of their family burned?  To help you defeat the nasty LeVir vampires so you could become King of the things they hate more than anything?" Piotr clucked, shaking his head.  "Silly Luke.  They're not here to help you.  They're here to kill you."
Luke almost laughed at the proposal, but then he recalled all the other ridiculous things he'd been told since moving to LeVir Lake that had turned out to be true.  Vampires existed, his sister was one of them, Colette could betray him, his father's death was planned.  The possibility of truth that Piotr's words held seized the laughter in his throat.  He looked to Jan.  She looked back, her mouth open.  Piotr had shocked her with his words, but she didn't deny them.  Luke waited for her to dispute the LeVir.  He was mentally begging her not to shatter the last trust he had left.  Her spectacular blue eyes, clear and fully open, welled up.  The blueness flicked to Luke, cutting him as efficiently as a sharp knife would.
"Oh, yes," Piotr mocked, "Jan's all for getting rid of the LeVirs--that part of the prophecy she likes.  But do you really think she'd let you live if there was even a remote chance you could become King and create a new breed of vampires fifty times stronger than any before?"  The LeVirs turned up their noses at the concept.  "Jan needed you to get her and her freak cousin down here.  On the off chance you do succeed in defeating all of us, she won't need you anymore."
Luke hadn't stopped looking at Jan.  She shook her head, but it wasn't an act of contradiction to Piotr's remarks.  It was an apology to Luke.
"Doesn't that make you mad?" Piotr's voice sounded like it was coming from right next to Luke's ear.  "Aren't you fuming from her con?  Don't you want to get revenge on your so-called 'friend'?"  Luke turned his betrayed eyes back to Piotr, who was still lounging on the throne on the opposite side of the cave.  "I'll make it right," Piotr promised.  "Give her to me and I'll let everyone else--your mother, your little sisters, even good ole Marc--go."
Piotr's mouth continued to move, undoubtedly forming even more persuasive arguments against the Padreses, but Luke ceased to hear his words.  His mind had dissipated into a mist of chaos.  All he could think was, First Colette, now Jan.  His mind went blank and everything turned white.  Luke's world cracked into pieces.  He didn't know what to do.
Far away, Lucy whimpered.
The tiny sound shattered Luke's catatonia.  He remembered where he was.  He recalled his dilemma.  He knew exactly what Piotr was trying to do.
Luke looked directly at Piotr and thrust each word into his ears. "You can't have anyone."
Piotr sighed, but his grin remained.  "Your choice.  Say goodbye to your mommy and sisters."
The LeVirs holding Luke's family prepared to bite.
Luke ducked, grabbing the stake from what used to be Jacques.  He stabbed the LeVir who held his sack.  The vampire just looked at him, annoyed, and Luke realized he had missed the heart.  He performed a couple of quick practice jabs, zeroing in his aim before the LeVir could figure out what he was doing, and Luke tried again.  This time, the vampire shrieked and disintegrated, distracting the LeVirs across the lake enough to look away from their assigned necks, and getting the attention of all the LeVirs right next to him.
Luke tossed a stake to Jan and Marc each.  The Padreses flung their weapons across the cavern, and the two LeVirs holding Lena and Lucy turned to red dust.  The third pushed Lisa away and ran, but Marc readied another stake and sent it through the LeVir's back.
"Get out of here!" Luke shouted to his family.
Lisa grabbed Lena and Lucy and they raced along the water's bank.  As Luke and Jan dealt with the LeVirs nearest them, Marc performed a series of acrobatic flips and freerunning jumps to reach the other side of the lake and salvage the used stakes.  He cleared the way for Lisa and her younger children to escape.
"No!" Piotr roared, the yell sending out a shock wave that nearly blew out the torches and rippled the skin of everyone in the cave, human and vampire alike.  He threw on a heavy robe and marched into the fray, setting his sights on Luke.
The slayers didn't have time to pay Piotr any more interest.  They staked any LeVir that came near them.  Marc fought so fiercely that he sent one stake straight through two LeVirs, one of whom was the greasy truck driver responsible for escorting the Wright family to LeVir Lake.  Luke purposely stomped on his remains.
Jan, clutching the wall, retrieved her father's stake and slid to the ground, protecting herself with the lone weapon.  A LeVir tried to sneak up on her, but Luke fan kicked the bloodsucker in the face.  And Luke didn't even pull a muscle.
Luke was a wild man, stabbing everything around him.  Utilizing the lessons Jan had taught him, he cleared a path through the cave, kicking ass quite effectively.  Adrenaline fueled his muscles as he kicked and staked, staked and kicked.  The startling proficiency of his natural skill had the LeVirs coming at him in slow motion, making it even easier to kill each and every one of them.  Nothing within range stood a chance against Luke.
After a particularly awesome kill involving an extremely lucky, well-timed stake throw to a vampire heart, Luke lost his footing and fell flat on his back, right into a cage, breaking through the worn stone bars.  It happened to be the cage holding Richard LeVir, and Luke fell right in front of him.  The emaciated face looked down at Luke for a minute, blood thirst flashing in his eyes.  But instead of attacking, Richard turned away and stepped out of the hole Luke had created in his cage, going straight to where Maria was still trapped.  They clutched each other's skeletal frames through the bars of Maria's cage.  Luke needed to get back to the fight, but he couldn't leave them like that.  He slammed his foot against the rusty old lock of Maria's cage, and it shattered into pieces.  He didn't wait for Maria to actually come out before leaving them, but he did catch a glimpse of their pitifully thin faces casting him grateful glances.  He carried their looks with him as he killed several more of their kind.
His course cleared.
She rose like an angel not ten feet in front of Luke.  He froze.  Lara.  She seemed to float toward him, luminosity spouting from her pores.  His sister smiled at him, happy for the first time in years to see her little brother.  She parted her lips, her new fangs thirsty for blood, her glowing red eyes set on his throat.
Jan caught sight of Luke's dilemma.  "Luke," she yelled, "that's not your sister anymore.  Lara's gone.  Stake her!"
Luke lifted his stake, but he couldn't attack.  Lara reached for him.  Jan tried to crawl away from the cave wall to help, but she had problems of her own.  She watched in vain as Lara advanced upon Luke, ready to take his life, and he was too weak not to give it.
A stake bore through Lara's chest, splattering her newly darkened blood onto her brother.  She screamed, her shock crossing into Luke's throat as his scream joined hers.  "No!"  
The simple word lasted forever.
Luke dropped his stake and grasped for his sister, but she slid between his fingers like water, buckling to the ground.  Her glowing figure dulled.  Her creamy skin turned ashen, but her young body didn't disintegrate.  She lay perfectly dead at Luke's feet.
Looming over her corpse, Piotr held the guilty stake in his hand.  He beamed at Luke.  "Hail to the Almighty King," the Prince hissed.
Battle suspended as Piotr menaced Luke with the stake, aiming it, bleeding from its last target, at Luke's shattered heart.  Everyone watched in earnest, certain of what would happen next.  Piotr cackled in triumph.
A sudden gust swept through the cave.  Before Luke could register it, a new naked body stood between him and Piotr--the most beautiful body anyone had ever seen.  The Queen was back, and she now held the stake that had killed Lara, the point pressed against Piotr's chest.  Without thinking about it, Luke put his hands on her shoulders, and the two of them stood solidly together against the Vampire Prince and everything he had conspired to bring about.  Piotr's jubilant grin fell to a damned snarl.
"You've betrayed me," the Queen growled.  She pressed the stake harder against Piotr's chest, digging it into his otherworldly skin.  "You've betrayed the laws of your species," she indicted.  Piotr hissed at her, but he didn't say anything to defend himself.
Smoke wafted into the cavern from the corridors.  The fire from the rest chamber was somehow spreading across the flame-retardant stone.
"Let the Padres go," Vannaya commanded her subjects.
The LeVirs immediately abandoned Jan and Marc.  The vampires scaled the cavern walls, heading for the shafts in the ceiling.  Suddenly, they stopped, frozen by a silent command.  Vannaya didn't even have to take her eyes away from Piotr as she psychically ordered the LeVirs to return to the lair.  Luke could hear it clearly in his head.  The LeVirs descended, powerless against their Queen's desires.
"Luke," Vannaya said, her eyes penetrating her mutinous Prince, "get the Padres out of here."
Luke squeezed Vannaya's shoulders before stepping away from her to scoop Jan into his arms and bring her to Marc.  Making sure Marc had a secure hold on his cousin, Luke went back for Lara's body.  He hoisted his sister over his shoulder and rushed out of the cave.



Chapter 23


THE ENTRANCE TO THE LAIR was easier to find than Luke had expected.  Lisa, Lena, and Lucy were already halfway up the winding staircase, which cut deep into the ground, topping out in the woods.
Jan was able to crawl up the steps herself, so Luke entrusted Lara's body to Marc, then turned around, hurrying back to the lair.  Jan yelled at Luke to come back, but he wouldn't listen.  He had to help Vannaya.  Piotr wouldn't give in without a fight.  Vannaya might have been the all-powerful Queen of the Vampires, but Luke had already seen how vulnerable she could be.
He'd only gone a few steps before Jan yelled, "Marc, no!"  Needing to make sure Jan's cousin wasn't doing something stupid with his sister, Luke turned around just in time to see Marc slam into him and tackle him to the ground.  He had left Lara at the base of the stairs and had a stake in his hand.  It was raised and coming toward Luke's chest.  Jan screamed somewhere far away.
Luke did the only thing he could think of and raised his knee as fast and hard as he could, pounding his thigh right between Marc's legs.  The Padreses hadn't gone over how to deal with that sort of counterstrike during their rigorous training sessions, and the stake jabbed past Luke's shoulder as Marc crumpled into a ball and fell over.  Luke got up.  A small part of him felt bad that he'd had to do the one thing a guy should never do to another guy, but then he caught sight of the stake that had been aimed for his heart and his guilt evaporated.  The six-fingered Padres had deserved it.
Marc glared up at him.  His eyes were as hate-filled as Piotr's.  If Luke stuck around long enough for Marc to cope with his injury, he would definitely try killing him again.  But for the moment, Marc released a strained growl, "She'll destroy you, Luke.  And you'll destroy us all."
"Get my sister and your cousin out of here," Luke ordered.  He turned back toward the lair.  He heard Jan's voice pleading with him to leave with them, but he closed his ears to both Padreses and rushed back to the lake cavern.
Smoke was quickly filling the large, nearly empty space.  He saw two LeVirs exit into the billowing corridor where the rest had gone.  It was Richard and Maria, their arms still around each other, their legs barely strong enough to walk.  But they weren't who Luke needed to find.
Vannaya was still at the far side of the lake with Piotr, digging the stake even farther into Piotr's flesh.  Dark red blood was beginning to trickle down his chest.  Luke quickly determined that Piotr would have more than enough time to do something evil to Vannaya if Luke tried to run all the way around the lake, but the quickest way to reach them was through the water.  He leapt into the lake and started swimming as quickly as he could, but he was less than halfway through before something in the water wrapped around his leg.  He yanked his leg free, but even more tentacly appendages grabbed at him, trying to envelop him and pull him under the surface.  Luke looked back and saw heads with snakes instead of hair emerging from the water.  So that's where'd they'd gone so fast.  He mustered all of the athleticism that remained in his body and funneled it into a frenetic dash away from the water-dwelling gorgons.  He swam for his nearest refuge: the stone slab in the middle of the lake.  Somehow, probably because of adrenaline giving him super-strength, the instant he caught hold of an edge of the slab, he was able to pull his entire body straight out of the water one-handed.  It was the coolest maneuver his body had ever completed, but his self-awe abandoned him as he tumbled onto the stone platform and a talon scraped his calf.  He checked his leg, but the gorgon had failed to draw blood.  As soon as he was clear of the water, the gorgons ceased their pursuit and disappeared back down to the bottom of the lake.  The water was deceptively still as a mirror once more.
Luke looked at Vannaya through the thickening smoke.  With her free hand, she was caressing Piotr's cheek.  Dread poured into Piotr's eyes--probably the first fear he had ever felt in either his mortal or immortal life.  For the first time, Luke started to doubt that Vannaya actually needed his help.  Had he really thought he could do any good coming back to the cavern?
Vannaya thrust the stake through Piotr's chest and clear out his back.  "Stake through the heart," she said.
Piotr's strength was too great to end there.  The fear in his eyes morphed to malice, and the instant Vannaya released the stake, he withdrew it from his chest and pushed it through the Queen's heart.
Luke screamed, "Vannaya!"  He raced across the low stone bridge connecting to the thrones.
Unfazed, Vannaya hurled her arm in front of her.  Too fast for Luke's eyes to perceive, it sliced through Piotr's neck.  The Prince's head rolled off of his shoulders.  "Decapitation."
Piotr's body deteriorated into fine red dust, mixing with the cloud of white smoke that enshrouded Vannaya from Luke's view.
"Burn the remains."
Fire burst out of the corridors, reaching for Luke.  Undeterred, he raced toward where he had seen Vannaya, but she had disappeared.  Smoke invaded his lungs as he searched for her.  The realization that she was gone dawned on him.  He was both shocked and not surprised at all that she had abandoned him there.  Luke had been a real idiot to come back for her.  He wondered if she had put the urge in his head, but he knew that at least this time, that wasn't the case.  He searched for the way out of the cavern and back to the winding stairs that led to the woods, but it seemed to have disappeared also.  He kept low to try to escape the smoke, but it followed him down.  Every time he managed to cough the smoke out of his lungs, more would come in with his frantic attempts at breathing.  The smoke squeezed him from the inside.  His chest burned as if someone had lit a match in each of his lungs.  Luke realized this was the place he was going to die, lying on his stomach on the hard ground of a vampire lair as he asphyxiated to death.
A rush of cool air shot into Luke's face, shooting down his throat, vaporizing the smoke.  A snow-white dove glided past him.  Luke didn't know where it had come from, but as it flew away, it looked back at him, soundlessly beckoning him to follow.
Luke trailed the bird into the corridors, where the walls were covered in flames like someone had coated them in kerosene.  Luke stayed low to the ground, away from the smoke that gathered in thick swirls above.  He felt like he was stumbling through a wood-burning stove.  His skin reddened, baking, as his weakening body lurched between the fire-covered walls.  He could barely breathe again, this time from the heat that burned inside his throat and chest, and his lungs threatened to stop working if they didn't get fresh air soon, but he ignored it.  He kept all of his attention on the dove, following it without question.  After what felt like hours but could have only been a matter of minutes, the dove led him past the flames to where he could breathe again.
His savior shot ahead.  Luke struggled to keep up, still struggling to make his lungs work properly after their ordeal.  The dove disappeared around a corner.  Luke staggered around the corner, too.
The dove was gone.  Wispy smoke curled undisturbed across the ceiling of the corridor, but Luke knew the dove had to be near.  He could feel it.  He searched the hall.
Luke came to a door.  It was a simple wooden door, like every other one he had passed since leaving Vannaya in the interrogation chamber, but his heart told him he would find exactly what he was looking for behind it.  He could feel the connection already.  He placed both hands on the door and pushed.
White light poured out of the room, blinding Luke.  He held his hand over his eyes, squinting as he crossed the threshold.  A blurry red and black patch appeared in front of him.  As Luke's eyes adjusted to the intense light, the patches separated.  The red patch defined itself into a pair of crimson lips.  The smaller part of the black patch formed a head of long, jet-black hair.  The rest of the black streamed into a pool of unnaturally dark blood.
Vannaya lay in what used to be a white nightdress on a brilliant white bed in a spotless white room.  It was just like the parlor in his house.  She breathed unevenly as blood flowed out of her chest.
"Vannaya," Luke whispered.  His voice cracked with the breaking of his heart.  He was too late to help.
"I've never been staked before," she admitted, trying to laugh but wincing instead.  "I had no idea how much it hurt."
Luke sat on the bed right next to her.  Close up, her perfection was filled with flaws.  Her colorless skin was flaky and frosty.  Her hair had lost its luster.
"What's happening to you?" he asked, scared about the answer.
"I'm dying, Luke," she answered, a sparkling tear slipping into the bruised hollow under her eye.
"But you said you've been through all this before."
"I lied," Vannaya exhaled the words.  "Like always.  I've always been protected from things like this."
She clutched Luke's hand as a wave of pain rushed through her.  Part of Luke recoiled from her touch, but he pushed that feeling away.  Hating her wouldn't do anyone any good anymore.  Luke squeezed her hand, wrapped in a flesh-colored glove the way Colette's always were, trying to channel the agony out of her body and into his, but the only agony he felt was in his own heart.  He refused to believe he was as helpless as he felt.  Vannaya eased her hold on his hand as the pain passed, but he didn't let go of her.  Luke had never actually watched anything die before.  A crushing feeling of guilt dropped onto him.  There had to be something he could do to help her.
"Don't worry about me," she ordered, her regality still intact.  "My life is complete.  I found you."
A curl of smoke breached the room, inviting its brethren to follow in behind it.
"Why me?" Luke begged.
Vannaya stroked his hair.  "You possess so much greatness, even though you don't realize it yet.  You would have been spectacular as King.  You just need to learn to trust your instincts, and," she added with a labored chuckle, "not be swayed by a pretty face."
Luke breathed in her wintry aroma, clinging to her scent.  He already knew he couldn't live without her, but he'd been able to handle it when their disconnect was his choice.  Now that she was being taken from him, he didn't feel as strong.
"I told you to leave," Vannaya said.
Luke looked into Vannaya's eyes.  They contained no red glow, no soulless hollow.  They were human, and newborn blue.  Luke could fall in love with those eyes.
"You already have," Vannaya said weakly.  She cupped his face.  "I know you love me, even after what I did, but you've given me a much greater gift."  She managed a faint smile.  "I have hope.  Now that I know I have a heart that can love, maybe I have a soul that can survive death."
"You're going to die?  For good?"
Vannaya glanced at the black-bloodstained front of her white nightdress.  Luke didn't know how there could possibly have been that much blood inside her petite body.  "Yes."
"Isn't there anything we…I…can do?"
Vannaya squeezed her eyes shut.  Silky water cascaded over her dull cheeks.  One of her hands fell from his face and landed on his chest, right above his heart.  She sighed the same way she did in her garden so long ago, but this time, the breath was filled with contentment.  Luke buried her hand under his.  If he'd had the strength, he would have pushed her hand straight into his body, letting her take his heart to replace her destroyed one.
"This is it for me," Vannaya said, unable to restrain the tremor in her voice, "but you still have a life.  You still have a soul.  Use it well."
An idea suddenly came to Luke.  He didn't know if it would work, but he had to try.  He would never forgive himself if he didn't do everything he could to keep her alive.  Besides, he wasn't sure how he was supposed to make it out of the fire-engorged lair.  He wasn't ready to die, and neither was she, no matter what she said.  He could feel it.  This might be the last option for both of them.
"Drink from me," he said.  He leaned toward her, bringing the part his neck her fangs had already scratched to her lips.  "Drink from me.  Save yourself.  Then you can turn me.  And I'll be your King."
Vannaya's body shuddered with sobs.  Using what strength remained in her divine body, she embraced him as passionately as she could.  But she did not bite him.
Luke coughed.  The smoke was thickening, stalking around Vannaya's bed and finding its way back into his lungs.
"Go," she insisted.  "You can still make it out."
Luke didn't understand.  He could feel that she still wanted to make him her King more than anything.  Maybe she wasn't strong enough to turn him anymore.  He looked at the smoke-filled doorway.  If there was still a way out, maybe he could carry her.
"Leave me," she ordered.  "Save yourself, and I can die happy."  Even in her fragile state, she was strong enough to push Luke away from her.
Luke stood, still clutching Vannaya's hand.  She slipped it out of his grip, leaving her glove with him.  He took one last look at the Queen before rushing out of the room.



Chapter 24


LUKE STUMBLED OUT OF THE WOODS, absorbing the moon's soothing light into his hot skin.  He still clutched the flesh-colored glove in his hand.  The front of his shirt was soaked with Vannaya's black blood.  He couldn't bear it touching him anymore.  He stripped it off, using the dry back of it to wipe his arms clean, and threw the contaminated shirt back at the woods.
He had no idea how he had escaped the LeVirs' lair.  The last thing he remembered after leaving Vannaya's room was a sharp, hot pain in his back.  He awoke in the woods, lying next to a huge hole in the ground.  He had looked into the hole and seen Hell.
Lisa, Lena, and Lucy huddled together on the road that circled the trees, freed from their bindings.  Lara's corpse was with them.  They saw Luke and spread their arms.  Luke joined them, ecstatic to feel his safe loved ones' touches.  He wrapped his arms around all three of them and pulled them to him.  The Wright family sank to the ground, holding each other.  They cried for their loss, and they cried for their lives.  When they finally let go of one another, all they could do was stare at the flameproof wall holding in the leaping bonfire that had been LeVir Lake.
Luke couldn't bear to look at the town.  The wall, the trees, the gate--everything reminded him of Vannaya.  He turned around and wandered into the desert.  It was cold.  Very cold, and the wind beat on him, trying to push his body back as if it wanted him to run back into the woods, back to the one he couldn't save.  Away from the light of the inferno, he saw a billion stars dazzling down on him.  He didn't know what time it was or when the new day would arrive, but he couldn't wait to see the sun.  Luke observed the stars, wishing he knew the names of the constellations.  He wondered if the ancient astronomers had dedicated any to Vannaya.
Luke thought of the Queen on her deathbed.  His heart stung fresh.  There had to have been something else he could have done to save her.  Yes, she was a vampire and was a plague to the world, and even though she'd done the most evil thing he could think of, he knew she was still primarily good in her essence, and worthy of saving.  He knew he'd spend the rest of his life trying to figure it out.
Luke placed his hand holding the glove over his chest.  He pressed into it, pressing against the dancing rhythm that made him human.  He had been willing to give up his life, his very soul to save Vannaya.  If she hadn't been dying, would he have still offered himself, if not tonight, then eventually?  Deep down, did he know she would refuse his offer?  Did he really want to save his father's killer?  He sighed.  It was too late to muse over such things now.
Before he could react, binding arms swirled around Luke's chest.  Sharp fangs sank into the side of his neck.  Blood gushed from his body and into his attacker's mouth.
Two figures joined as one materialized in front of Luke.  Jan's new fangs glistened and her pupils glowed red as she drank the life from her cousin's limp body.
The fangs slid out of Luke's neck.  He flopped to the ground.  He was empty.  His heart banged against his ribs, desperately trying to pump the blood that was no longer there.  With the last remnant of strength he possessed, Luke turned his head.  His dying brain already knew who had attacked him, but he needed to see for himself before his eyes stopped seeing anything.  She was standing over his useless body like a malevolent god, her hollow red eyes peering down at him.
"No more choices," the Queen said.  Vannaya slit her left wrist with her own fingernail.  Holding her arms above Luke's head, she let her freezing blood leak into his wounds.  The black blood knew where to go.  It spilled into Luke's neck, contaminating his veins.  It spread eagerly, filling his heart, stopping it for good, chilling his body until he froze.  The blackness filled him, and his soul departed with his last human breath.  The only warmth left in his body was the accelerated neuronic energy burning in his brain, causing his pupils to glow red...
###

About the Author

Dorothy Darrow is a writer from the United States.  She likes to read real books of any genre, go on cross-country road trips, stick her face in the fur of baby animals, and write supernatural fiction.

Connect With Dorothy Darrow Online:

Facebook: http://www.facebook.com/DorothyDarrow

Website: http://www.dorothydarrow.weebly.com/

Read more vampire fiction at Smashwords: http://www.smashwords.com/profile/view/DorothyDarrow

Look for the second book in this vampire series, When the Moon Tires of the Night, a prequel to this novel that partly explains how the Queen's prophecy formed, out in 2015.
