DEMONS AND OTHER INCONVENIENCES

A series of scaries written by Dan Dillard

..ooOOoo..



For mom,
I think she would have loved this.
And for my wife, Stephanie, whose nightmares wake us both.



ACKNOWLEDGEMENTS AND NOTES:
This book has been heavily revised because the first time I “published” it, I was impatient and foolish and even at 40+ years old, I haven’t learned to only put my best work up for review. I feel certain there are mistakes left behind, and those are my fault, but I am learning, and I hope I never stop.
Thanks go to everyone in my family, and to the others who helped, laughed, and especially to those who said I couldn’t do it. You know who you are. And thank you to all the nightmares, shared or personal, all the odd and wonderful characters I have met, all the books from people with names like Bradbury, King, and Matheson…films from those with names like Carpenter, Craven, and Friedkin. To all the newer names who are carrying on the tradition… There are countless others. I hope I do them all proud.


Smashwords Edition
Copyright © 2010, 2013 by Daniel P. Dillard
ISBN: 978-1-4523-8705-5


License notes:
All rights reserved. No part of this book may be reproduced or transmitted in any form or by any electronic or mechanical means, , without the written permission of the author, except where permitted by law.
If you’re reading this and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use, then please return to Smashwords.com and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.

The List of Scaries

Rolling Meadows
Pig Man
Confessions
The Trash Menagerie
Infestation of the Third Kind
indiviDUALITY
Anticipation
Geometry
Ingrate
Amber Alert
My Mind’s Eye
The Wrong Place
Never Judge a Book
The Frank Diary of Anne
Unlucky in Death
Rotten Luck
The Demon of Walker’s Woods


..ooOOoo..


IT’S A PLEASURE TO MEET YOU


I speak to your children at night while they sleep.
The scars that I leave can’t be seen, but they're deep.
Terrible visions comprise my attack,
I paint them in shades, both crimson and black.

They scream in their dreams seeking shelter and warmth.
I tear off the roof, raining down in a swarm.
Shivers are what I provide, to be clear.
Disease, discomfort, displeasure and fear.

I lurk in the shadows and wait for their sigh.
It releases their tension, their longing to cry.
Boiling and swirling I hide underneath,
In an instant I face them, sharp claws and fanged teeth.

The shrieks give me pleasure and feed my dark heart.
My frightening methods take patience and art.
My success will be measured in blood, sweat and tears.
I’ve taken great pride in my thousands of years.

A figment of sorts, now your safety is fleeting,
My powers grow stronger with each nightly meeting.
I’ll show you true horror and fill you with lies.
Friends call me Nightmare. Now please, close your eyes.


..ooOOoo..

ROLLING MEADOWS

THE FOLLOWING is true.
Mostly true. Well...if you drive down a certain highway in southeastern North Carolina, you will find a nursing home plopped down right next to a travel agency…and there is nothing else in either direction for miles. Weird? Not in the south.
That much is true. The rest is pure speculation...but it might be true. It might be close enough.

12:00pm Monday.

ROLLING MEADOWS, it says on the sign. You might as well call it A Great Place to Die and just be done with it. I should disown this sorry, ungrateful shit for planting me here. That's what he's doing, planting. That’s what you did with vegetables, right? But I ain’t a vegetable yet. I could still kick his ass if I had to, but that wouldn’t do any good. He’d still be an ungrateful shit, but then, he’d be an ungrateful shit with a sore ass.
The drive out was boring and tedious, but at least it was long. There were two whole lanes of traffic to watch, all of it hugged by trees that went on for miles, hours it seemed. Finally we pulled in and the first place I saw was Plane and Simple Travel. The wooden sign has got this palm tree and an orange sun carved into the corner underneath that stupid name. Regardless, it is that business I’m hoping we visit.
I’d spend my life savings to ship my wrinkled ass to Tahiti or Maui. One of those places where I could die an old drunk with a grin on my face, a cocktail in one hand and some bikini-clad jailbait in the other. My heart would give out before my funds, but that’s not to be the case. No, we’re next door at the heart attack hotel where my loving son will leave me claiming, ‘it's for the best, Pop.’
Shit.
Who puts a travel agency next to the Alzheimer Estates anyway? It’s a sick joke if you ask me. The sickest joke I can think of. Bastards. Maybe the Plane and Simple folks will book me a trip to the graveyard so I don't have to hang out too long. Then we can call this a very annoying layover.
As they shuffle me through the front double doors to the center of the building, I smell it. This place stinks like sour breath, institutional food and piss. Welcome home, Jimmy.
My son walks to the reception desk which is guarded by a flabby woman who wears an ugly set of scrubs. They're covered with ducks or some such nonsense. The two start out with the usual pleasantries which will no doubt end with my incarceration.
“Mr.?” she says looking at my ungrateful son. She draws the word out, holding the errrr as if it might pull the answer out of his mouth.
Come to think of it, he isn’t ungrateful. In fact, I’m sure he’s very grateful. Grateful to be unloading the old man on this shithole, grateful I’ll be swimming in a sea of blue hair and false teeth. I'll be doing fucking crafts for fun and gambling over who dies next. I’d bet they play poker and ante with butterscotch pudding cups. I think I’ll make him a nice ashtray out of turds. It’ll look nice on his desk at the office. Flabby is still holding the Misterrrrrr.
“Aldridge. James Aldridge. I am his son, Bill. We have an appointment at 12:15?” he answers.
Chubby duck lady peers over her glasses at a clipboard and smiles again. Her name plate says Lucy, but I prefer chubby duck lady.
“You sure do. Right here it is!”
She looks back up at him, never me. I guess since I have no say in this matter, I have no say in this matter.
“If you’d follow me into the parlor, I can get you started on paperwork and then the administrator, Dr. Williams, will be by to introduce herself.”
Great. First I give up my house. Now, he drives me out to the middle of nowhere just like a stray dog nobody wants, and to top that—I’ve got to wait around in the parlor. Who the hell has a parlor anymore? Funeral homes, that’s who. And what’s the difference. Nothin’ but a bunch or corpses in here waiting around to die. Why couldn’t it be a sports bar? I could have a cold beer and annoy a busty cocktail waitress or something. I’m a breast man.
I know what that paper he’s filling out says. It’s asking for me to surrender my dignity and he’s going to hand it to them with a grin on his face.
Asshole.
Maybe if I crap myself they’ll just put me in the special wing with the crazies and the vegetables. I can stay drugged and get sponge baths from the young nurses until I pass away. One lousy fall down the front steps and an old man is doomed to the linger-longer.
Wait a minute, who is this?
She’s tall, with her brown hair tied into a messy bun and she has smart-glasses on. I love the brainy ones. Her name tag says ‘Williams’ if my eyes don’t deceive and is pinned to a silky blue blouse which to my utter joy is undone one button too far. Must be the boss-lady. 
“Hello all! I'm Dr. Williams. You must be the Aldridges. How can I help you today?”
“I could use a prostrate exam if you don’t mind. It’s a little chilly, but if it’s gotta be here, it’s gotta…”
“Dad!”
Bill is such a pussy. I’m just trying to break the ice here is all. I’ve got to live with these people.
“It’s quite all right,” Dr. Williams says to him, “Spirited, aren’t we Mr. Aldridge?” to me.
She doesn't even hint at a smile. I think she wants me. Who wouldn’t? There’s nothin’ sexier than a pissed off septuagenarian.
“I can be if you like. Not as good as I once was, but as good once as I ever was.”
I wink at her. Her lip curls up into the slightest of smiles, and just as I’d hoped, my dick curls right along with it. As good once as it ever was. Joyous, I wink at Bill.
“Dad!”
 “Just like to see that hair down around those shoulders,” I say.
“Dad!” he shrieks again. Pussy. 
Well, we’ve established he knows who I am. Now if he’d just show some respect and take me home.
“Its fine,” she says to him.
“Maybe, Mr. Aldridge, if you pay attention and behave, I’ll wear my hair down one day.” 
Now I get it. She’s playing me, a tease who likes to rev the old man’s engine just to watch me squirm. Either way this is the closest I’ve been to sex in better than four years.
The doctor continues, “You gentlemen can call me Jan.”
She holds out her hand and I shake it gladly. Long thin fingers, well manicured nails and no wedding band. I might could live here after all. I introduce us since he was busy gawking at her cleavage. Can’t knock him for that.
“Jimmy. This is my son, Bill. We aren’t speaking right now. You can tell him I said ‘Go to hell’.”
I won't talk to that prick. These dizzy spells won’t make me forget he’s putting me here to die. It’s just as well. I couldn’t live with him or his prude wife. She has a huge ass and a constant look of disapproval on her face.
Jan smiles, looking at Bill. “I’m sure he gets the message. Shall we take the tour? The rest of this paperwork can wait.”
I nod and notice Bill take another look at her breasts. Dumbass. If I taught him anything, it was 'don't get caught staring'. If I noticed, surely she did. I hope she doesn’t think he gets his stupidity from me. That definitely comes from his mother’s side. She was a brilliant angel, God rest her—eight years she’s been gone—but the men in that family? Dense as forged steel.
“Which side is the produce on?” I ask.
That one startles her. She turns, ready to scold me, and I’m just glad she gets the joke. That means we have similar senses of humor, even if she plays offended. Plus, I could use a good spanking.
“They are people, Mr. Aldridge. They may be worse off than you are physically, but most of them are mentally superior. Of that I’m certain.”
Touché. I knew him lookin’ at her tits was going to ruin things for me. Then again, she could fasten one more button and those things wouldn’t be staring back at everyone.
“Right, right, people. I know. I would just prefer to stay with folks who can still rock n’ roll if you know what I mean?” 
Her stern look softens a little and that wry smile is back.
“I understand. It does take some getting used to, but rest assured, you will be living on the rockin’ side of the house. At least for now.”
This sounds like sarcasm. I like sarcasm. I’m also smart enough to know this tour may be the longest amount of time I’ll ever spend with the luscious Dr. Jan Williams. I watch her hind end wave as she walks and don’t care what she says, but I get her drift.
The nickel tour wanders through a building that is shaped like a capital E. The bottom of the E being the produce department , and the place I will avoid like a fat girl at the prom. The center line of that E is where the entrance and public area are located and the top line is for those of us who are here because our kids suck. There is a courtyard where the residents (I say convicts) can get some fresh air, away from the stink, and a dining room which resembles a prison mess hall or a high school cafeteria only with none of the joy or raging hormones. I personally can’t wait to watch them spoon feed the cabbages.
“And this, Mr. Aldridge...”
“Jimmy,” I interrupt.
I despise 'mister'. Sounds formal. I'm not fuckin' formal.
“Okay…Jimmy. This will be your room. You’ll be alone here for now, but roommates are sometimes a necessity. My advice is to find someone here you’re compatible with and pair up. We’re quite accommodating with those assignments.”
Accommodating. That is a word I enjoy associating with the lady doctor. As I’m dreaming of her in skimpy lingerie, my miserable son chimes in with a laugh. 
“Compatible with him?” he says.
She gives him eyes for the interruption and he clams up like a scolded child. Sheesh.
“As I was saying, that might be somewhat easier than having a stranger assigned to you.”
“Is there a woman like you I could shack up with?”
Silence, but I can feel my son’s eyes growing wide and bulging. Her face is stone.
“I’ll take my chances.”
Grinning, I turn to show her my good side. Her smile is a very clinical courtesy, as if I’d just asked her on what aisle I might find the toilet paper. Maybe I should throttle back on the charm.
“Okay then, I'll leave you two alone so you can settle in. It was…interesting to meet you, Jimmy. Bill. I'll be in touch.”
With that she is gone, leaving me alone with him.
“Dad, it's not so bad here. I think you'll be just fine.”
“Fuck you,” I say.
“I’m trying to help. I don’t know what else to do for you. We don’t have room at the house and I want you to be comfortable. I’m afraid of what might happen…”
He's trying to smooth things once again and I am staring at the wallpaper, still thinking about Dr. Williams in that lingerie.
“This is as good a place to die as any,” I say.
“Dad…”
“Just get my bags. Let’s get on with it.”
I fan him out the door and sit down on the bed. He doesn’t argue. The bed, if you can call it that, is lumpy and has rails like a hospital gurney. I guess that's for when I can’t make it on my own, they can tube me up and roll me straight to the produce stand. Sitting on the bed, I get a look at my present and future surroundings. Home sweet home.
Ugly wallpaper with flowers. This ain't no grown man's room. If there’s a bright side, it is the following: There's cable, my own shitter, and I don't have to do anything I don't want to. Bill drops my bags and tries to hug me. I bob and weave like Ali or Holyfield or…hell, who watches boxing anymore? 
Once I’m sure he’s gone, I lie back and lace my fingers behind my head. The pillow is nice, even if the bed is lumpy, and the Cussler western I’m reading plus the warm sun on my face put me right to sleep.

*****

“NAME'S EVIE.”
What? I'm taking a nap. It’s the first pleasant thing that's happened to me since my waste-of-oxygen son left and now somebody is gonna interrupt me? If it’s craft time, I’m going to choke someone. I sit up, feeling the aftermath of the lumpy mattress in my lower back.
“No. Name's Jimmy. Who's askin'?” I groan.
“I'm Evie. You eat yet?” she continues in an odd disconnected fashion.
“No.”
I sit up and lay my book aside.
“Well, I thought you might like ta meet sum' tha other inmates. Maybe get some o' that mess they tryin’ to call suppa'. An zip ya pants, will ya?”
Inmates? A gal after my own heart. A black gal, too. Never tried a black woman. I zip my khaki putter pants—unsnapping and unzipping slightly is an old napping habit—and right my creaky old bones to ease off of the bed.
“What are you in for?” I joke.
“Killin' a man.”
The leathery dark skin on her face is wrinkly and as stern as a mother superior's. Her eyes burn into mine. I haven't been caught off guard like this in since the last time I got laid.
“Dat's a joke, son. Relax.”
She pats me on the shoulder with her paper-skinned paw and attempts a smile. It looks more like pain. I shamble along beside her, wishing she'd pick the pace up and trying to decipher the odor coming from the dining hall. It's not pleasant.
“How old are you, Evie?” I ask, trying to make conversation.
She wrenches her old neck around to eyeball me. I imagine she perfected this version of stink-eye about eighty years ago—perhaps even invented it. It is quite effective.
“I'm probably yo' great granny. Taught me plenty o' white boys how to lay the pipe back in my day.”
“I really want to hug you right now,” I say.
“Do and you be drawin’ back a coupla stubs, Jimmy. I ain't playin',” she gives another agonizing smile. We are going to be fast friends.
So this is cruising Rolling Meadows main drag? This place is hoppin’. As I suspected, there are a couple nurses spoon feeding a carrot and a cucumber on the left. I hoped they would do that in the room, but I suppose it gets them out and amongst people. What had Doc Tits said? Mentally superior? On the right there are just a few still-mobile folks braving the menu. They’d be doing us all a favor if they just put cyanide in the salt and pepper shakers.
Looking at the platters on the tables, I see a meat substance, some green beans and a dinner roll. Drinks vary by their owners. Coffee is the only thing that smells good.
Evie takes her place at a round table which seats four. I sit across from her. In the third occupied space is a man with white hair and the thickest black eyebrows I have ever seen. His wheelchair tucks nicely under the table making it almost invisible. He nods.
“How are ya', partner?” I say, staring at the plate set in front of me by a random orderly.
He sets another plastic tray in front of Eyebrows. I grimace at what passes for food as the orderly in the scrubs walks away to get another tray. Eyebrows says nothing, just the nod.
“That's Androcles. We calls him Andy,” Evie says, filling me in.
Andy nods and smiles at the sound of his name. He picks at the food on his plate.
“He's Greek. Don't speak no English. That keeps him right quiet though, so I like 'im.”
“Hey there, Andy. I'm Jimmy,” I say offering him a hand.
He shakes it and returns to quietly picking at his food.
Evie eats every bite chewing deliberately, but doesn't say another word.
I drink my coffee, eat my roll and wait for my life to end.

6:45 am Tuesday

THIS MORNING, I wake to the soothing sounds of Rhonda. Not The Beach Boys, just Rhonda. The first thing I notice about her through my blurry eyes is that she's round. Not flabby like the duck lady, but round. Putting on my glasses doesn't change the fact.
“Can I help you?” I rasp.
She peers at me and a look of bitch, please on her face.
“No, honey. I've been cleaning up after old farts for years. I can handle it.”
She dumps the trash and checks in my bathroom.
“You look pretty clean in here. Anything I can do for you, Mr. Aldridge?”
I must look shocked because she adds, “Your name is on the door, hon.”
Of course it is.
“Tell me who you are and why you're in my room,” I say.
She nods.
“Fair enough. I'm Rhonda, honey, and I was born and raised just up the road. I'm a nurse, but I like to check behind the orderlies.” 
She holds a gloved hand to her mouth and whispers, “They miss things.”
I hold my hand up, mocking her, and say, “No shit?”
She laughs. It’s a pleasing sound.
“Hello, Rhonda,” I say and sit up.
“I'll get outta your way now, shug. You get your business done and come on down for breakfast. Best meal they serve here!”
“Tough to fuck up an egg, I guess,” I say, half awake.
Rhonda leers at me and my profane mouth. “Uh-huh,” she says, unimpressed.
I guess shit is okay, but the f-bomb curdles her milk. Whistling as she initials a chart by the door, Nurse Rhonda is gone in a round flash. Then, as if by magic, Evie is standing there. I suppose this will become routine.
“You ready, son?”
“Ready? I just woke up.”
“Aw, who you got to be pretty fo’?”
“Well, you Evie. I thought I might put the moves on you this morning.”
She laughs. “Son, ain’t no moves I ain’t already seen, refused and buried. You can’t handle all this no how.” 
She waves her hands, presenting all this as a spokesmodel might. I find myself grinning.
“ C’mon now, Jimmy boy. I'm ninety-seven years ol'. Can't wait round all day,” she looks at her watch.
“Lemme get dressed and wash my face.”
Evie steps aside from the door and I overhear her talking to Rhonda.
“You teach him right, hon, ya hear?” Rhonda says.
“Don't you worry, baby. He ain't gon' be no trouble,” Evie says in her wise way.
The two share a sisterly laugh. 
My morning piss isn't the joy it used to be. Trickle, trickle, drip...drip. I splash water on my face and grab a Chicago Bears sweatshirt from my closet. Evie appears back at the door while I slip on my shoes.
“I heard you talkin' bout me,” I say with a smirk.
“Don't think I'm in love, fool. Somebody got t' show you the ropes.”
“What ropes? I think I'll be fine.”
Her face stiffens more than I thought possible and she grabs my arm with a surprisingly firm grip, leading me off toward the smell of sausage and coffee.
“I been here a lotta years, Jimmy Aldridge. Don't think fo’ a second you ever gettin' outta dis place. Not alive no how,” she says.
My stomach turns at the thought. I guess it just hadn't hit home until now.
“Is like a prison, this place. An' you needin' learn the rules before Edgar com' an' get ya.”
I knew I should’ve punched the largest man in this joint, assert my manliness. Who knew the largest man would be this skinny thing from the slave days. I bet she personally thanked President Lincoln for freeing her.
“Edgar?”
I’m not scared of anyone named Edgar. And I don't take well to threats. Whoever Edgar is can kiss the palest chunk of my smelly back cheeks.
“Don't you worry none, you'll see him come round soon enough.”

*****

 A CROWD COMES to breakfast, at least compared to last evening's meal. I suppose you learn the menu and what's good to eat after a time. The eggs and sausage look and smell decent and there's biscuits and coffee. I see Andy and meet a few others, but only Andy, Evie and I sit at our table.
“Hello, Mr. Aldridge,” I hear. The voice is behind me.
“I told you to call me Jimmy!” 
I respond without turning, knowing it's the good ol’ Doc Tits.
“Yes you did,” is her curt reply. “I trust you slept well and have met some of our tenants?”
I turn with a smile, “Inmates, I believe, is what Evie calls us.”
“Yes, Evie is quite the character, isn't she? Don't know how anyone could get so mean in just a hundred years.”
She pats Evie on the shoulder and Evie pats her hand in return. Dr. Williams wanders off, ass wagging. I watch and take out my frustration on the eggs.
“She's a good woman, Doc Williams. Pretty too,” Evie says.
Andy is watching the doctor walk away as well.
“Andy here got quite a crush on her.”
I sip my coffee and we sink into the quiet. The conversation consists of chewing noises and the tinkling of cheap silverware.
Halfway though my dry biscuit with butter and apple jelly, I notice Andy's eyes are round as saucers and those wooly caterpillars that sit above them are arched as well. I set my coffee cup down, steeling my nerves for my front row seat to his final exit.
“Charon,” he whispers with a thick Greek accent. 
He reaches both hands out and taps me and Evie on our hands at the same time. I look up and see an orderly. Nothing special at first glance, but the longer I stare, the stranger that orderly seems. Evie pinches my wrist with her old fingers, getting my attention.
“Don't you look at him,” she whispers. “That's Edgar.”
“Charon,” Andy repeats never taking his eyes off the boy.
“Does that mean Edgar in Greek or something? What the hell is he saying?”
Andy looks nervous, shaking more than is his usual frequency. I look back at Edgar.
He's a thin kid with long hair that’s dyed a horribly unnatural black, the way some wear it these days. He is as pale as cottage cheese, covered with acne and his skin looks clammy. His eyes are wide set and hollow, as black as his hair and his brow furrows like he has something to worry about. What the fuck is this slimy kid worried about?
Between the flaps of his unbuttoned hospital smock I see a black shirt with a skull on it. Classy. Other than his creepy stalking mannerisms and a probable STD, I don't see what the attraction is. I look at Evie for answers.
“I'll 'splain later, but outside, not here. He might hear us.”
Evie's face is stoic as usual but she keeps a sideways glance at this Edgar, never losing his whereabouts. Andy looks down at his plate and mumbles something that I take as prayer. I continue to watch Edgar, his black painted fingernails pissing me off. In seventy-six years I never did see a need for a man to paint his fingernails or wear makeup like a woman.
Edgar slinks around the cafeteria as if he's looking for something—slinks is what he does, not walks or shuffles the way teenagers do, but he slinks—and then settles on the three of us.
Evie and Andy look at their plates as he approaches. I stare directly at the freak and wonder if he’ll look back, if he has the balls to say shit to Jimmy Aldridge. Not today girly boy with your fag nails and your bottle-black hair. The toughest thing about you is probably your breath. He gives me a disinterested nod and a greasy smile through oily locks of black hair…and he passes right by. I see Evie cross herself.
Both of my breakfast mates turn their heads and follow him with their eyes. Our table is vibrating, either from Andy’s incessant shaking, or from their combined anticipation of some impending event. Edgar stops one table over, and I can feel the anxiety drain out of them. They sigh in unison, but Andy's prayer continues.
Edgar places his hand on the shoulder of an older woman and she says something to him. Once she is done speaking, he turns and walks out, giving me a wink.
“Strange lookin' guy, this Edgar,” I say as I resume eating my biscuit.
Evie's eyes finally break from their vigil.
“Meet me in the courtyard after suppa’. I tell you all 'bout Edgar.”
With that, she stands up and walks to the next table, placing her hands on the woman Edgar spoke to. I watch Evie lean down, hug the lady and then kiss her cheek before she shuffles out of the room in her determined way. Andy finally finishes his prayer and looks up. I offer to get him more coffee and he nods. For the rest of the morning, we sit together in silence and enjoy our drinks.

*****

THE REST OF MY day is lazy. Cable sports keep my attention between a pro bowling tournament and the world's strongest man contest. All those steroids have got to wreak havoc on a man's wedding tackle. I skip lunch but stop in the parlor to see if anything is going on. A few convicts huddle together with cards and backgammon but nothing commands my attention. At dinner—or suppa’ as Evie words it—I eat alone wondering what the hell happened to my companions.
The meal is baked chicken and rice and it tastes like it might have already been eaten once. I need to mark this one off my menu for future reference. Glancing at my watch I see it is only five minutes from the end of the posted dinner time and decide to make my way to the courtyard for my date.
My tour included the explanation that the courtyard is off limits after dark, so I didn't have much time to find out what Evie was up to. I've heard tales on the news of orderlies raping and torturing the elderly. Trash like that should be forced to eat their own diseased organs. If that's what goes on around here, my shithead son will be hearing about it. So will Doc Williams and the twins. As I pass through the glass door overlooking the courtyard, I have no idea what Evie will tell me. But I’m prepared for some good ol’ fashioned bullshit.
“You early. Good thing, I’m ninety-seven. I ain't got no patience lef’.”
Evie is sitting on a concrete bench with a brand new do of hair.
“Hairdresser come today at lunchtime. You like?”
She looks like a q-tip with a wrinkled brown stick.
“It makes you look fifty years younger!” I say.
“Mm-hmm,” she smiles. “I was somethin' at forty-seven.” 
She laughs and waves me over patting the bench. I sit feeling the cold concrete through my thin pants. I’m grateful for the fresh air, the scent of pine trees, and dread going back into the stink of old and dying. She looks each direction and then meets my eyes with hers.
“Edgar is not of this earth.”
“I'll say. Did you get a look at those fingernails?”
“No joke, Mr. Aldridge. He death's angel.”
I open my mouth to interrupt and she shushes me with a single finger.
“I know you think you got somethin' ta say, Jimmy-boy, but don't. Lemme finish first.”
I sit back with a sigh and get ready for the show.
“You know what ‘Charon’ mean?”
“No,” I answer. “The word Andy kept saying? It must mean fruitcake or something in Greek.”
“It's the ferryman,” she corrects. “The ol' Greeks believe the ferryman carry the newly dead cross that river Styx and into the afterlife.”
This old bat is twisted. I smile involuntarily and stifle a chuckle.
“Edgar touch ol' Claudine dis mornin’ at breakfast. That his way of tellin' her it's time to go. You jus’ watch.”
I'm intrigued now by Evie’s brand of crazy and can’t wait to see what yarn she spins next. That said, I have to call bullshit when I smell it. I have lived too long not to start an argument. That’s about all I have left.
“He's just some confused kid. He'll grow up one day and get a real job, realize all the bad decisions he made, and then get divorced and turn alcoholic, just like the rest of us.”
“No, baby. He got a job. Work fo' his daddy over next door.”
“Next door?”
She looks past me and I turn to see Plane and Simple Travel.
“The travel agency?”
“That's what they call it,” she says.
“They?”
I’m sucked in now. Waiting for the punchline, some sort of initiation into the linger-longer. I’m rushing a fossil fraternity. Evie frowns and it isn’t much of a stretch from her normal look.
“Death is his daddy,” she says. “He come over here whenever one of us ready to go. Then he ferry us away.”
Fantastic. I'm gonna listen to this for the rest of my living days. If Bill ever comes back to visit, I might just kill him, ferry him away to Edgar the Pimpled and Daddy Death. My dream is interrupted just as my hands close on Bill's neck by the sound of a vehicle and the stream of headlights in the dusk. It's a rescue vehicle. I look at Evie who’s face is sad, but also smug.
“You see?” says Evie.
“What's that, an ambulance? Who's it for?”
“Weren't no siren. My guess is it's fo' Miss Claudine.”
“So the ambulance takes her, not Edgar? It's just a coincidence, Evie,” I say, trying to sound logical.
“No, hon, that just to take her body. Claudine walked over with Edgar an hour ago. I seen it with my own eyes.”

*****

I WALKED BACK inside, unsure whether to trust ninety-seven-year-old eyes and almost ran into Rhonda at the front desk. 
“Who’s the ride for?” I asked.
“Miss Claudine,” she said after a moment’s hesitation.
My blood cooled to arctic levels.
“Really?”
 ”It's true,” she says. “It looked like she just went to sleep after breakfast and didn't wake up.”
“You find her during your rounds?”
“Yes. It’s so sad. It’s happened to me dozens of times over the years, but I still hate it when my folks go,” she says with a sniff.
“Yeah,” I say.
She nods and wipes a tear.
I still don't believe Evie. I can't. She's just a crazy old bird trying to rope me into some strange fantasy. Me and Andy the non-talker. On the other hand, there is nothing else goin' on here aside from cribbage and adult diapers. And she and Andy seem legitimately frightened by the 'ferryman'. It might be worth checking into her story just to see what's what. I can start with Edgar tomorrow. I'll corner that little shit and find out what his problem is. Come to think of it, this Scooby Doo shit could be the most fun I’ve had in years.

9:15am Wednesday

BREAKFAST WAS CRAP. Not literally, but not far off—so much for the best meal of the day. Come to think of it, I haven't eaten lunch yet, so it's still subjective. Edgar hasn't shown his bony ass for work yet, so I can't spy, but I did get a peek at the schedule, and he’s due for his shift of terror any minute. Actually he's late, which is not at all surprising to look at him.
I haven't seen Evie either. Maybe she's pissed that I laughed at her story. After ninety-seven years, she should be able to handle rejection. I'll track her down later, after I find Edgar.
 But speak of the devil…and he appears.
That slimy shit is right down the hall near my room and I'm in here in the parlor watching seniors argue over gin rummy. What's he doing down there, unless he was in my room looking for me? Could I be so lucky he's come to take me to that great strip joint in the sky?
I stand up and walk to the entrance of the parlor, just across from the reception desk and wave at Lucy who smiles back. No ducks today on her chubby ass.
“Hi Jimmy,” she says and then looks at Edgar with disdain. “Mornin' Edgar.”
He gives her a nod but doesn't acknowledge my existence. If not me, then who? The only room beyond mine belongs to…
Evie.
My heart jumps into my throat at the off chance she was right. Or at the off chance he's some damned old lady rapist. I jog down the hall to save the only interesting person in the joint.
“Slow down,” Lucy bellows, “you'll give yourself a stroke!”
I can't. I rush past an orderly I haven't met yet and stop at the last door. Evie's room. Her chart is blank for the day, so Edgar didn't log his deed, whatever it might have been. My chest burns from the short sprint and I take a second to capture my breath. One deep inhale-exhale later I step into the room and there she lies. Evie, sleeping peacefully.
“Hey, lady. It's past nine, don't you think you ought to get up?” I ask, out of breath.
Silence.
“Evie.”
I approach her and feel suddenly guilty. She was right about the whole creepy thing and the last thing I did was laugh at her. Reaching my hand out, I prepare for the touch of cold skin and no pulse. I'd felt that some years ago when my wife passed. I lay my index and middle finger on her neck to feel for a pulse and close my eyes.
“What in the hell you think you a-doin'?” she says.
I feel her impossibly wrinkled hand clamped around my wrist and open my eyes to see the fire in hers.
“I thought you were...”
“You saw Edgar leave my room and thought the worst?” 
She laughed and her smile wasn't pained this time, but joyous.
“He gotta touch me. I pretend I'm sleepin' and he go away. Done it before, I s’pose I’ll do it again. He may be the ferryman, but he ain’t too bright.”
She gives me a wink.
“I know he'll catch me one day. It's sweet that you concerned fo' ol' Evie. You believe me now?”
“I guess I do,” I say.
“Good. Now g’won and shoo. Meet me out the courtyard in a few minutes. I got me an idea.”
She wants to prove her story to me. What could it hurt? Not like my ungrateful Bill is coming today for a visit, even if it is Saturday. Maybe bring me a sub sandwich, or some home cookin'. He’s probably at home gettin’ it on with ol’ fatass. What a picture that makes. I hope it goes on their Christmas card. No, I'll go hang out with crazy Evie and the mute-on-wheels.

*****

 ”BEAUTIFUL DAY, ain't it?” I say to get her attention.
“Yassir! One thing never change in this world. A beautiful day is always sumthin' special. If I live me a hundred mo’ years, I still believe that.”
Evie pats the same concrete bench. This time when I sit down, it's warm in the sun.
“Now what's on your mind?”
“I want you to go with me. I want you to see I'm right,” she says.
“What are you talkin' about?”
“I ain't gon' be round forever, Jimmy Aldridge. Somebody got to tell the new folks. Show 'em those ropes, eh?”
I nod.
“So you want me to go where exactly?”
“Next door. Go with me this evenin'. You see what I’m talkin’ ‘bout then.”
It’s a stupid idea. Such a stupid idea. I would never break into a business. The game is interesting, and the investigation almost fun. The creepy story just adds to it, but I’m not going out and breaking laws because she’s crazy. I’m just not quite ready for the straight jacket.

*****

EVIE IS CONVINCING. It must be her enthusiasm. The plan is to sneak out the front doors (the center of the E) while Lucy is distracted and walk to the travel agency. Not much of a plan, but we can work with it. To many dance moves and us old folks get lost forgetting the steps. I figure while I'm there I can call a cab and book the first flight out of this hell. At least it won't be a wasted trip.
I'll have one last adventure with the Queen of De Senile, entertaining as she may be, and then camp out on a beach somewhere and sip tequila while Bill scrambles around looking for me. Worst case I'll end up back here after some charming under-their-breath talk between the Plane and Simple folks and Tits Williams.
I'm sure inmates have lost their happy thoughts and wandered next door on occasion. They probably have a protocol for it behind the desk on a clipboard. They call it Operation Geezer Gone or some shit. One of the orderlies might wrestle me to the ground. Once I’m detained, they'll phone Bill and decide what to do with me. That's fine; I'll get another chance to tell him what a disappointment he is. Maybe he'll bring his fat-ass wife with him. I have several words stewing for her as well.

6:05pm Wednesday

I’M ALL SWEATY with anticipation when I hear her.
“You ready?”
Evie stands at my door with a hat on, dressed like she's going to church.
“Sure. Let me ask you a question, Evie. How’s Andy gonna know what to do? Do you speak Greek?”
“Don't you worry none ‘bout Andy. He sharp.”
She winks and waves her hand at me to follow. We walk to the front and I see Andy sitting right next to the reception desk. Lucy is busy ignoring him. She's been at work since before nine this morning and I can't blame her for not being chatty.
Evie leads me in through the side door of the parlor. She pulls me over by the main door which sits just to the right of the entrance and halts me with a hand signal and pleading eyes.
CRASH!
“Oh my! Mr. Kostopoulos! Andy, are you ok?”
That's Lucy's voice. I don't know what just happened, but Evie is two steps ahead of me and I follow without looking back. The entrance doors are automatic and slide open quietly enough that no one else notices. I wonder how we'll get back in since visiting hours are over at 7:30pm and the front doors lock. I hope Evie has that all worked out. Of course, I’m certain they would open the doors for some resident inmates who happened to be on the wrong side of the glass after hours.
Evie keeps walking to the edge of the property and stops.
“What the hell did Andy do?” I ask, scrambling to catch up with her, but keeping one eye on the front door to Rolling Meadows.
“He fell out his wheelchair,” she responds as if it's no big deal.
“Wha?” is all I can manage.
“He don't even need that chair. He jus' lazy. I see him walkin' round his room all the time. Don't fuss none ‘bout him, he fine.” 
Her jaw is set and she pulls me in the direction of the Plane and Simple Travel Agency. I feel like an outdated outlaw. We trot across the lawn of 'Rolling Meadows' and into the parking lot next door where we can take a minute to relax knowing no one is chasing us down. Evie saunters right up to the front door.
“You're just goin in the front like that?”
“Don't know no other way t' go? You see another door?”
She has a point. There's one car in the back. Might be a rear entrance, but it would be no less conspicuous than the front door. There can’t be more than one person working in there anyway.
I watch Evie smooth out her dress and fix her hat in the reflection of the front glass. She looks at me with one last deep breath and we pull the door open. A bell rings, notifying the employees they have a customer, and as we walk in a voice greets us.
“Hello, Evie,” it says.
A tall nondescript gentleman extends a hand to her and she smiles as she takes it. That's when it dawns on me her story was absolutely true. That's why she's wearing church clothes. That's how he knows her name.
“Edgar!” he says, “I need your assistance.”
“Right there, dad,” a disinterested voice answers from the back room.
Edgar enters, this time without the smock, but still wearing the same skull t-shirt. He must have a dozen of them. He still has oily hair and black fingernails. My spine locks. Evie looks at me and speaks.
“Thanks fo’ the help, Jimmy-boy. You all right.”
Edgar puts his hand on my shoulder and looks into my eyes. His stare is cold … emotionless.
“It's not your time, Mr. Aldridge. That will come soon enough.”
He shoves me out the front door and tumbles the lock behind me. I stand slack-jawed staring at the building for a moment and then gather my senses. Suddenly, neither Bill nor his prude wife and her huge glutes matter to me. I need to get back to help the new folks. I need to show them those ropes, as Evie said. I need to check on Andy.
As I walk back toward Rolling Meadows—home for now, I see the ambulance pull away from the back of 'Rolling Meadows'. I know it's Evie inside. At least I know that Evie’s body is inside. 
Her soul just took the ferry.

..ooOOoo..

PIG MAN

My wife dreams hard. Sometimes she wakes us both when those dreams come and sometimes those dreams are terrifying. This is based on one of those dreams.

“MOMMY, WHO IS the pig man?” 
Holy shit, she scared the crap out of me. Is it even daytime? And where’s that worthless husband of mine…oh yeah, on a business trip. It never fails. Whenever I’m sleeping soundly, something wakes me up. When he sleeps, we tiptoe. He’s in a hotel somewhere, no doubt snoozing soundly. 6:15am. Or he’s in one of those showers with the massage head, plenty of pressure and unlimited hot water. 
It’s lucky for this kid she’s mine, and that she’s adorable, or I would’ve jumped up swinging. It’s also creepy to wake up and see a child standing there just staring at me in the dark. Now, what was it she said?
“What honey? Mommy was sleeping.”
“Who is the pig man?” She asks again.
Was there a pig-man on one of those tabloid news shows and she’s just now getting around to her investigation. Who knows the mind of a five-year-old? Besides, mommy is the source of all information, right? Maybe she saw a commercial for a new BBQ joint. Pulled pork, strangely, sounds appetizing. I put on a false look of dramatic interest to match hers while still trying to blink the sleep out.
“I don’t know about any pig-man, was he in a book?” I ask.
 “No.” 
That’s it, just no. I prod a bit more.
“Was he on TV?”
“No,” she said again. 
This, apparently, was going to be a process.
“Where did you see him, baby?”
The turns sideways and points toward the doorway, which is standing open. It has always stood open since she was born, so I could hear her if she needed me.
“He was downstairs, right at the bottom where the window is. He just stands there and looks out.” 
She says these words as if there’s nothing wrong with them. As if they don’t cause my chest to tighten and my body to break into a cold, terrified sweat. My heart swells in my chest and begins to pound.
“Wh…when did you see him?” I say, starting out of bed and wondering what was handy that I could use as a weapon.
“Last night.”
I stop, sitting on the edge of my bed in panties and a t-shirt and look at her. She isn’t alarmed, why should I be? Kids can sense when things are wrong, can’t they? It was last night. That's slightly comforting. Just a dream. Cardiac arrest on hold. I looked at her again, hair mussed with a rat’s nest in the back, sweet face of an angel, a lavender-colored nightie and her stuffed animal of choice, a floppy little guy with plastic bead eyes and a very cute expression on his face. The toy’s name is Piggy, and as usual, he is clutched in her hands. Piggy has been through the ringer, but has proven very tough.
“You were dreaming, honey, probably just saw Piggy in your dream.” 
“Piggy sure did look weird…and he had a suit on.” 
This phrase is spoken with the matter-of-factness only a child of six can muster as she bounds out of the room. Ah, Sunday, and I’m up to get started at 6:20am. One crisis avoided, and onto the next one which should be coming along any minute.
It’s a great weekend for him to have a business trip. I almost had to beat a phantom pig-man to death with an alarm clock..And in my period panties. 
I walk to the top of the stairs prepared to have my fatal stroke. Thankfully only the morning sun gleams through the window to greet me. The dog, Ruffles, follows lazily from his bed (his bed being our bed) and I hate him a little. Then I concede that he is warm and snuggly at night, especially when hubby is out of town. The stupid dog never goes downstairs in the morning unless and until someone goes with him. 
Maybe he’s seen the pig-man too? Maybe the damn dog has been afraid this whole time and not just lazy, but I doubt it. 
I chuckle to myself and set out to make some coffee. There’s some cleaning to be done, and then some laziness and I’d like to get to it.

*****

MORNING COMES again and I’m greeted with the grating electronic beep of the alarm clock. Its 6:00am and time for me to take a shower—the only time I get to relax alone. I shoo the dog downstairs and hopefully outside to potty, but no such luck. Ruffles is still house breaking and that means he’ll stand at the door and whine until he has an accident instead of going through his door and taking care of shit the easy way. 
The dog door…is it big enough for a person to get through? Squash that thought.
 I wander downstairs in the dark to let him out. Right before I hit the light switch to the kitchen I shudder.
Mommy who is the pig-man?
I flip the light on and whirl around to survey the land and comfort myself, but I can’t shake the feeling. Nervously, I turn on the coffeemaker and prep it for my liquid breakfast. The scent fills my nostrils and briefly takes my mind off the intruder. I hear the noise of the dog-door flapping and am glad the little shit finally went outside…as long as he’s the only thing that comes back in. After putting some kibble in his bowl, I head back up to shower and meet the little one who is just waking. She rubs her sleepy eyes .
“Morning, baby!” I say and hug her little footy-pajama-body which is still toasty from being bundled. 
“You sleep good?”
“Yep!” she shouts, and then yawns and smiles with clear blue eyes. 
“I’m gonna get in the shower while you get dressed for school, ok? You can watch TV in my room until breakfast. Your clothes are laid out for you.”
“Okey-doke,” She says.
This is our normal routine, unless she’s having a morning where my choice of clothing doesn’t suit her. Then we have a real tear-filled disaster.
“Any dreams about piggy last night?” I ask.
I don’t know what made me bring it up; I was finally over my creep-out from earlier.
“No, I didn’t see pig-man last night. That was the other night. Maybe he’s gone, mommy.” 
She turns and waddles to the TV and turns it on, finding a cartoon suitable for morning viewing. I'm glad to have the noise in the background while I shower. Ruffles jingles up the stairs and I hear a little girl’s shriek of joy.
“Hi Ruffie! Gimme kiss. Oh you’re such a good boy!”
Once I’m dressed, we tie shoes, gather books and pull on a coat before getting out the door on time for school. The drive is short and quiet aside from the serenade. A made up song about Ruffles and Piggy who’s little stuffed head sticks out from the zipper of her back pack. Piggy and Ruffles go on many adventures and my little angel captures them all in song like a minstrel of old.
As she hops from the car, she asks, “When’s Daddy coming home?”
“He’ll be home on Wednesday, but we’ll call him tonight, I promise.” 
She seems satisfied with that answer. Daddy’s travel is all too common, and we've learned to deal with it, but I know that she misses him more each time. I’m starting to miss him less. I love him dearly, but he breaks up our routine.

*****

HOMEWORK IS RARE for a six-year-old, but we always have reading time after school, followed by dinner, bath, and some snuggling before it’s off to dreamland. 
“Time for bed, monkey.”
“No mommy!”
Her eyes well up instantly with tears. What a drama queen—although taught by the best. I play along. 
“Well, why ever not?”
“You said we were gonna call Daddy,” she replies, and I feel like an asshole for a moment.
Stroking her soft hair I say, “I did, didn’t I? Bring me the phone.”
The tears dry up magically, she bounces from the living room couch grinning, and grabs the telephone from the kitchen counter. Before she is back beside me, she is punching buttons and looking for his name on the contacts list. It’s ringing as she sits down next to me. Her joy makes me warm inside, but that slight resentment is also there.
“Hi Daddy!”
I can hear the low pitched mumbling of his voice through the headset.
“Uh-huh,” she says to more mumbles.
She plays with her hair, kicks her feet and wiggles her toes as he talks on, and then she purses her lips and looks at the ceiling as if her next response is written up there.
“Mommy’s right here,” she says, followed by, “Ok, daddy. I will. I love you.”
She drops the phone in my lap and runs upstairs, presumably to brush her teeth. She always does what he asks. I pick up the phone and sigh. 
“Hi babe,” I say.
“How’s your day?” he asks.
“Busy. Running on fumes, here.”
“She not sleeping?”
“She had a nightmare the other night. Something about a ‘pig man’. I guess I just haven’t caught up, and I never sleep well when you’re gone. You know that.”
“I know. I’ll be home soon.”
No one speaks for a few moments and I zone out. Upstairs I hear the sound of a toilet flush and then footsteps down the staircase.
“Hey,” he says.
“Yeah? I’m here, sorry.”
“I love you, baby.”
The words bring a familiar smile to my face. The smile only he can bring. Even though he’s a bastard eating restaurant food and going to cities I’ve never seen. I know it isn’t his fault.
“I love you, too. See you soon.”
As I hang up, there’s a little girl attached to me like an infant primate and I lug her upstairs and tuck her in. I read for a while, until I hear the dog snoring and have to give him a gentle nudge with my foot. He rolls over and his breathing is quiet…for now. I put my book on the nightstand, a paperback full of ridiculous naughty moments between servant girls and their well-endowed masters. Moments after I turn off the lamp, I’m in love with my pillow and drifting off.

“Mommy?” 
I sit straight up in bed this time thinking something terrible has happened. I just closed my eyes, didn’t I? I snap the lamp on and my eyes adjust slowly. She's standing beside the bed at my hip and there aren’t any tears, so nothing's broken. The dog quits snoring and wags his tail sleepily, and then stretches and licks her outstretched hand. The clock reads 02:46am at a glance.
“Are you okay?” I ask, and put my hands on her shoulders. 
She sits next to me on the bed.
“I’m fine. I just wanted to tell you the pig-man is downstairs again. I saw him when I got up to go to the bathroom.” 
My heart sinks and I reach for logic. It has to be a dream. 
“Stay right here,” I whisper.
I walk to the doorway and stop. Nothing sounds out of the ordinary. No shuffling of feet and no breathing. No oinking. No squealing.
Nothing.
Walking down the hall to the stairs, I muster all my courage and look down. I hope to see a shadow from outside with pointy ears and a snout that might resemble a pig-person standing there. 
There’s nothing but moonlight in the window. The stretching beams of headlights as a car is driven by. I flip the light switch and head down the stairs. In between each step, I listen for sounds of an intruder making its escape, for sounds of the flapping dog door.
Silence. 
I turn the corner at the bottom of the steps and flip on another light and look around. 
Nada. 
I check the doors and windows. All closed and locked—everything is secure. 
“3 AM and all is well,” I say with a triumphant smirk.
I leave the lights on as I walk back upstairs. They might stay on until honey gets home. Bastard. Back in the room my baby is snuggled up and sleeping next to Ruffles. Worthless fucking dog. I pat him on the head and whisper to him some instructions.
“If there’s a pig faced dude stalking us from the staircase, do me the courtesy of a bark, will ya?” 
He looks at me, sighs and goes back to sleep, if he was ever really awake. I let the baby and the dog sleep with me out of laziness, also because it’s comforting to have someone else there. Tomorrow I’m looking up pig-man on the internet. Maybe it’s a common dream.

*****

A BRAND NEW DAY. School drop off is a success, honey will be home soon and I’ll send him shopping for swine repellant, and maybe some bear traps…and a shotgun…and some valium. 
Research on the net yields little. Dream interpretation says a pig is a sign of overload. Feelings of too much to do can lead to this creature visiting during your slumber. Also feelings of chauvinism in your spouse can manifest as pigs in your dreams, but not much about pig-men or men with pig faces. It has to be her stuffed friend she sees. I don’t know why he wears a suit. His little stuffed ass is pink and naked as the day he was stitched together.
I don’t think she would feel overwhelmed about anything. There could be some anxiety due to her dad being gone so much…and she definitely wouldn’t know about chauvinism and even still, although her father is a man, he’s no chauvinist. I am beginning to think this is just an overactive imagination causing my overactive imagination to run wild—contagious just like a yawn. But she doesn’t act scared…so why am I? 
Tonight we will go out to eat. I’ll find some place that is easy and inexpensive with food she likes. No fast food, but maybe that place with the gift shop we can wander through that serves breakfast all day. There’s nothing better than breakfast for dinner. It’s good for the soul. She loves that place and I can eat loads of bacon to exact some revenge on the thing that’s causing all this commotion. Extra crispy. Once dad is home, this will be funny and then she’ll go on to dream about something else.

*****

I LOOK AROUND at all the parents sitting in cars like some twisted assembly line. It’s absurd how we are herded about. Other mothers smile at me and I can’t help but want to smack each of them. I smile back out of courtesy, not kindness. I feel like squeezing their faces. Soon enough, children find their vehicles and one by one, they peel out of the loading zone like stock cars from the pits. Then they all go and do whatever they do. May each of those happy, smiling bitches have a pig-man of their own.
Finally, out bounds my little bundle who hops in the car and says not Hello mommy or Thanks for picking me up, mommy, but “Mommy, I’m starving.”
“Well that’s great because I thought we’d go out to eat tonight.” 
I turn around with a smile to meet hers. She’s grinning ear to ear.
“Yay! Can we go to the pancake place?”
“We can, and we shall. I think I’ll have pancakes too.” 
And bacon.
She finishes buckling her seatbelt and we speed off to stuff ourselves with pancakes for dinner. Checking on her in the rearview mirror reveals she is busy with her stuffed pig, making him dance on her lap and giggling at him lightheartedly. 
Make that pancakes and bacon. 

*****

SHE COLORS WITH two crayons while we wait on our food. What can you do really with two crayons? There isn’t much conversation, but I take great joy from watching her as she carefully traces the picture of a cat wearing pirate garb. She colors it gently, almost imperceptibly on the page. A mere sixty minutes later, all thoughts of the phantom pig dude are history, our bellies are full, and I am relaxed after our nice outing. Before long, we’re home and once again, it's time to brush teeth, all but the one that's missing. 
Once she is settled in, I wash my face, check the alarm clock.
Daddy will be home tomorrow. 
I hold a little less contempt for him and I read until I doze off. 
I sleep restlessly. Every so often I rouse to see 10 or 15 minutes has ticked off the clock. The dog snorts and sniffs. Obviously he’s irritated that I keep changing position and I consider punting him across the room…but that would take too much energy. My eyelids grow heavy and yawns come larger and longer and finally... 

*****

THE DAMNED DOG is growling. Sometimes he does that in his sleep when he’s having a little doggie nightmare. Some nights he whimpers or runs in place. Lying there sideways, his legs go fifty miles per hour. Normally I laugh at him for a minute or two and then compassion takes over and I pet him until he calms down. This time, it’s just growling. 
“Hush!” I say as if it will have some effect.
Brief silence and then the growling starts again. I shuffle my feet a bit to get his attention and realize he’s not there. Rolling over, I switch on the table lamp and see him at the entrance of the room. His head is low, shoulders are braced and he’s rumbling like he is actually angry—like he feels threatened.
I feel blood draining from my face. He took my instructions to heart, and now that pig-man thing is down there, crawled in through the dog door and coming up the stairs. Not watching through the window this time, but actually hoofing it up the stairs. 
I stand up, trying to be as silent as possible and walk to where he is. Kneeling slightly, I place a hand on his back to calm him. Ruffles whimpers at my touch and cowers behind me, still growling and gruffing. I walk toward the staircase and feel the hair stand up on my neck and goose bumps raise on my arms. The air in the house is electric. Quickly and quietly, I pass without looking and continue to where my little one is sleeping—at least I hope she is—and turn on her lamp. 
I hear the gentle sounds of snoring coming from the room in front of me, and in the lamp’s soft glow I can see her peacefully snoozing. The blanket rises and falls slowly as she breathes and I shake off the feeling of doom.
“I guess you just heard a car go by or something, huh Ruffie?” 
I look down to see him standing next to my foot. He faces the hallway, his tail between his legs. Ruffles changes his stance and shifts to the other side, peering around my ankles, always at the staircase, still growling. I can feel him vibrating against my leg.
“Come on, boy. Calm down. Everything is fine.” 
I pat my leg to call him and he follows me through the hall to the top of the staircase. I flip on the light switch to show him there is nothing there and suddenly I hear an ear piercing shriek. 
It wakes me and while I gather my thoughts, realizing the very vivid scenario I just lived through was only a dream, the scream comes again. Louder this time. I jump up and run to the doorway where the little one is there to meet me. She is crying and terrified. 
“What’s wrong, baby?!” 
I scoop her up in my arms and hold her. She tells me through her sobs that he’s there, she saw him for real. Only this time, he saw her too. 
“He looked at me!” she wails.
“It’s just a dream baby! There’s no one there. Come on, you want me to show you?” 
She shudders and shakes her head east and west. I peel her hair back and look at her face to find she is hysterical. I rub her head and hug her, trying to calm her. Her little body shudders with each labored breath.
“It’s ok, honey, mommy promises. Come on, let me turn on the light and we’ll go down there together. You’ll see you were just dreaming. It’s just a dream.” 
She hugs me very tightly and at the top of the stairs I flip on the switch, looking right at her. 
“You’ll see. Nothing at all to be afraid of.”
She turns her head slowly, as do I in a sort of mirror image of each other. We find there is something there after all. 
Through her screams I see a tall thin figure in a black suit. It looks up the stairs at us with a face that is part man but also part pig. One ear hangs close to the scalp as if sewn to the side of its misshapen head, and the other flops, pointy on the end like an old fat sow's. It steps one foot—hoof?—on the bottom step in its black leather loafer. The dog howls and runs to hide.
I can’t run. I’m frozen and watching the abomination work its way up the staircase. My daughter tightens her grip, turning her head away. I told her it was a dream. We should’ve run two nights ago, but I told her it was a dream. I pray, but I see something in my head, something put there, not grown there. The pig-man smiles up at me with his thick lips and jagged teeth. He is telling me his story.
Ancient things, violent things, centuries old, he shows me, all with his silent smile. My head throbs with information, my heart is thick with sorrow. He watches the moon and it tells him when to feed.
Up the stairs, the pig-man comes, nose flat against its human shaped head, but upturned revealing two moist nostrils. They twitch as it takes in our scents. The skin on its head is thick and pink and covered with coarse grayish hairs that shine when the light is right.
He is a demon. I know that as he comes for us. A monster as old as screaming, as old as fear. There are no hard feelings, no reason we were chosen, no penance we are to pay. It is only the luck of the draw, and an open dog door that let him in. Only the moon that chose tonight…and then my mind is open again, free of its mind, but he still holds me with that wicked smile. 
The pig-man’s suit is tattered and threadbare and he wears a thin, out-of-style tie. The too-short sleeves reveal hairy, bony wrists. One hand is human with long dirty fingernails and the other is a malformed hoof. It grunts at each new stair, an elderly creature, that finds it is painful to climb them. Pain or not, it is coming, and I know we are no match for it. I will fight for my daughter, for my life, but I won’t win. Of that, I have no doubt. I notice its flabby jowls which hang down past the suit’s collar. They flap slightly as it speaks the last words I will ever hear.
“Your dog was wise to run.”

*****

POLICE CONTINUE to investigate the brutal case of a local man who allegedly murdered his wife and five-year-old daughter early this morning. Officers on the scene report that their bodies were torn to pieces and are completely unrecognizable. Apparently, the family dog was also killed in this tragedy. The unnamed husband and father, who is now under arrest and being held without bail, claimed he found his family when he returned home from a business trip and they were already dead. Details are still coming in so stay tuned for updates on this hideous crime. News 6 at 6 has as yet been unable to interview the police or the alleged killer and we are told he is in shock and unable to speak. More…as the story develops.
Next up, the weather. Will you be able to take the boat out this weekend? Stay tuned and we’ll let you know!

..ooOOoo..

CONFESSIONS

Dropping your child off at daycare for the first time is terrifying. So many things can go wrong. So many worries…and they are so innocent, they don’t know any better. They don’t know evil when it first introduces itself.

WHEN THE PHONE rang, my life was normal, happy, everything in order…until the detective spoke.
“Mrs. Andrews, this is the Detective Williams with the state police. We were making an inquiry into a recent complaint against Sunshine and Smiles Daycare… and no one was there. Are your children with you?”
 Those words didn’t work together in the sentence. The handset rolled in my loosened grip. I heard something about being first on their list from the tactful bastard on the phone. Thank God for alphabetical order. 
I vaguely remember hearing the phone hit my desk with a crack as I stood up to go. I walked to the boss’s office.
“Sir, I have to leave. My children…” was all I managed.
The world was hazy. He frowned.
“You’ve been out three of the last seven workdays for some reason or other. If you’d like to keep this job…”
“My kids,” I said but he kept talking.
His voice trailed off and I didn’t care. Those kids were my life. That was just some job and even in a crappy economy I wasn’t about to listen to a lecture from a fat, alcoholic divorcee.
I don’t remember driving home, it was all on autopilot. Somehow I managed to gather my things and get the car home without killing anyone. I opened the door from the garage into the kitchen and called for them.
“Nattie? Mattie?” 
Natalie and Matthew were my four year old twins. It seems no matter how hard you try not to be cute with twin names, something happens to make them similar. ‘Nattie and Mattie’ just happened. It was outside of my control. It was all outside of my control.
No home with twin four-year-olds is ever silent. The house was silent. I thought—hoped—I had forgotten them that morning and they would be playing somewhere in the house. I hoped for a huge mess to clean up on their behalf. It was a stupid notion.
Maybe there was a field trip I’d forgotten about, or maybe there was some emergency and Sunshine and Smiles Daycare just moved the kids to another location. My gut told me otherwise. 
Wouldn’t they notify all the parents? Surely they would’ve called. I looked at my cell, no voicemail, and then at the house phone to find a big zero flashing at me on the base unit. Next stop was Sunshine and Smiles. 
It was the home-like atmosphere of the place which won me over. I researched for months before picking a daycare for my babies. Going back to work was so tough and leaving them with strangers made it near unbearable. There were several church sponsored facilities that seemed preachy…and a few others that resembled schools, but they were so institutional. Sunshine and Smiles seemed like dropping them off at Grandma’s and Miss Jeanette was such a kind soul.
Miss Jeanette was the owner and caregiver. She wouldn’t take more than five children at a time because she ran the place on her own and the state had limits on the ratio of providers to students. Five was a decent number for one woman to handle and she had the group mesmerized with her stories and games. Playtime was also a learning experience. Meals were cooked for them fresh daily and there wasn’t even a TV in the building. The kids always seemed happy.
“It’s fresh air, creative arts and reading here. I want them to be well rounded people,” she had said. She was a licensed teacher and in her mid thirties. It was quite a sales pitch.
The facility was spotless, her prices competitive and there were no complaints I could find against the business. The kids loved it and came home with grins nearly every since they started there. Sunshine and Smiles indeed.
As I drove to the familiar location, my first stop each morning before coffee and work, I wracked my brain for answers to questions I didn’t even have yet. Had there been any signs? Should I have known? My car bumped over the curb and up the driveway to park behind a single police cruiser. There was an officer on the porch walking towards me.
“Good morning,” he said. “Ma’am, were you notified by the Detective…”
“Yes, he called me at work. I’m Valerie Anders” I interrupted and repeated the conversation I’d had with Detective Williams.
“What an asshole,” he said under his breath and then, “Excuse my language, Mrs. Anders.”
Miss, I thought. Or is it still Mrs. After your husband dies? I didn’t know or care, it was just clutter in my head. His uniform said Cowan, but he didn’t introduce himself. I made a mental note of the name in case I had to contact someone; he seemed like a better candidate than the detective.
“No, it’s fine, and I totally agree. Where are the children? Have you found them yet?”
He shook his head and I hated him. Why was he here and not out looking. Why wasn’t he doing more? There was concern in his eyes. For that at least, I was thankful. He looked to be serious about finding them.
“No ma’am. We’re still looking into that. Are you aware of any reason they might have left the premises today? A field trip, perhaps?”
“No. They haven’t taken any field trips, at least not in the last six months,” I said.
I couldn’t even remember a release form in case they had to go somewhere. If there was an emergency, she was to call an ambulance, and then contact me. That was on our contract.
“Officer Cowan,” I said, “the detective mentioned a complaint. Would you mind telling me what it was about?”
He didn’t want to tell me, I could see that on his face, in his posture...but there was something else there. I got the impression he must’ve had children of his own. He glanced in either direction before speaking nervously.
“Yeah, um. We received a call from an angry mother early this morning. It seems she found a bite mark on her son’s forearm.”
“One of the children bit him?”
“No…this was a large mark…an adult sized bite mark,” he said as if it was somehow embarrassing.
My stomach lurched. The policeman continued.
“The mother questioned the child and he finally told her that Miss Jeanette bit him because he wasn’t listening.”
Logic took over before my mind caved in.
“My kids didn’t say anything about that. Was he the only one there?”
“I don’t know ma’am. You’re the first parent to respond. We haven’t been able to reach the other mother or father.”
My heart was a drum roll. My face was hot.
“What about Miss Jeanette’s house? Has anyone been there?”
“We did send a patrol car to the address listed but the house is empty. I mean completely empty. It looks like she’s been sleeping here.”
“You didn’t find any…” 
I couldn’t bring myself to finish the question. I’m not even sure what I was going to ask.
“No, ma’am. There’s no evidence of any wrong doing in the home,” he said.
“Aside from the five missing children?” I asked.
“Four. The bite-mark boy is at home. But you’re correct, that’s the only thing we have to go on at this time.”
“What do I do?” I asked.
“The best thing for you to do is go home and wait. If you think of anything, please, call us,” he said handing me a business card.
“I knew you were gonna say that.”
I ignored the card knowing full well how to get hold of the police.
“Ms. Anders, we will find your children. We’ll find all of the children.”
 Driving home following that conversation was the worst trip I’ve ever had. I knew in my soul that fucking Jeanette took those kids. My kids. Someone complained and she ran. That kind soul snapped and bit that boy and then when the police were called, she ran. There were only two other families with children registered there. I was going to call them when I got home and find out whatever I could.

*****

I PULLED INTO the driveway and parked. The care was cockeyed. Tears leaked from my eyes and for the first time since his death I cursed my husband. A car took him from us and that morning some lunatic had taken my children. I wept until my sides ached. 
When I got control again, I pulled my cell phone from my purse and dialed Lisa Martin. Her two girls were the fourth and fifth children in the class. The phone rang and rang again. 
“Hi, this is Lisa and Jim. Leave us a message if you want us to call you back,” her voicemail said.
Then the mechanical vixen of voicemail instructed me to leave a message after the tone.
“Lisa, hi. This is Valerie. My twins are in daycare with your girls. Please call me when you get a chance.”
My voice shook. I’m sure it sounded desperate. I went in the house to make the second call.
“Hello,” the woman said.
“Is this Kelly?”
“Yes, who’s calling?”
I introduced myself.
“Oh hi!” she said in a chipper voice.
Of course she was chipper. She had her son at home.
“Kelly, have you heard anything about the daycare this morning?”
Silence.
“Kelly?”
“I just got back from the hospital with my son. That crazy bitch bit him.”
“The police told me, but have you heard anything this morning?”
“Police? Did they arrest her? I called them from the emergency room.”
“Why is it you took him to the ER this morning? Didn’t you see the bite mark last night?”
“Yes, at bath-time. I was furious, but it was neatly dressed and I figured one of the children had done it. I was going to have a word with the teacher this morning. John woke up screaming last night saying his arm hurt so I took him to the ER.”
I hated where this was going. She went on.
“When I got there, they took an x-ray and found out it was fractured. They also told me it was too large a bite to be from a child. That bitch bit my baby hard enough to fracture his arm. I’d get my kids out of there if I were you.”
That was what I was afraid of. The very words I could’ve used at 7:30 rather than 9:45.
“They are missing,” I said.
Tears began to roll again.
“What? Who?” she asked.
“My twins. And the Martin’s girls as well. When the cops got to Sunshine’s Jeanette was gone with all of the kids. No one can find them.”
“I…”
Silence. I heard her begin to cry in the background.
“I’m so sorry. I hadn’t checked my messages yet. I had no idea,” she managed.
“Just please let me know if you hear anything. I can’t get hold of Lisa Martin.”
“I’ll try to contact her. Oh my God…My God, I’m so very sorry.”
I hung up. I wasn’t going to tell her it was ok. It wasn’t. Jeanette might’ve been a lunar cycle child-biter, but I knew this wouldn’t have happened if she hadn’t called the cops. At least it wouldn’t have happened that day. 
A thought occurred to me, a stupid thought. Jeanette owned a minivan which wasn’t in her driveway. I thought I would go look for it. Maybe she had been smart and left town…or maybe she was waiting around to see what happened. 

*****

 HOW MANY BLUE Chrysler minivans were there in that town? Thankfully not too many, but the few I saw had people driving them that were not Jeanette. I drove through the grocery store parking lots and covered the mall. I drove to the churches. I even drove to the empty house Jeanette claimed to live in. I checked my phone. No messages.
Lisa wasn’t going to call me. I hoped she was home hugging her sweet—safe—little girls and thanking whatever being she prayed to in times of worry.
I drove the neighborhoods like I was solving a word search. Up one row and down the next scanning for the first letter that started the next word on the list, just so I could cross it off. I repeated it in my head.
Blue minivan. Blue Chrysler minivan.
I circled back through town to the daycare. It was still empty. The porch was roped off with that horrifying yellow police tape but the patrol car was gone. He must’ve found all he needed. That or he also went home to hug his own children. I searched through my received calls and dialed back the police station.
“Detective Williams.”
The tactful bastard.
“Detective? This is Valerie Anders.”
“Yes, Ms. Anders. I lost you this morning on the phone. How can I help you?”
Such a cheery voice. I hated him all over again.
“Have you got any news about the children?” I said.
“No ma’am. I did get word from one of our patrolmen that you stopped at the daycare? What about Mr. Anders? Could he have picked the children up?”
He must’ve been the worst detective ever.
“My husband died in a car wreck two years ago.” 
Blam. Take that asshole. 
“Have you spoken to Lisa or Jim Martin?” I asked.
“No. We haven’t been able to contact them.”
What kind of people don’t answer their phone when someone else is watching their kids?
“So what do we do now?” I said.
“I’m afraid there isn’t much we can do at this time. Technically the children have only been gone for a few hours, and as of now, yours are the only ones who are claimed ‘missing’. If you’d like to come in and file a full report, we’ll do all that we can.”
I couldn’t believe what I was hearing.
“Fuck you,” I said.
“Excuse me? I understand you’re upset, Mrs. Anders, but…”
I dropped the phone on him again. It was becoming a habit. There was no way I was going to let that woman get further away with my kids than she already was. My mind raced and my palms were sweating. The feeling of helplessness pawed at my insides like a cat with a ball of yarn. The needle read one eighth of a tank so I pulled the car into the nearest gas station to fill up and continue my search. The numbers rolled on the pump and I sang in my head along with their mechanical rhythm. 
Blue minivan. Blue Chrysler minivan. Blue Minivan. There’s a blue…
There was a blue Chrysler minivan. It sat fat and bloated in a driveway just three blocks down from the Sunshine and Smiles Daycare. It was right across the street from the Speedway where I was fueling up. Excellent police work, assholes.

*****

I STARED AT IT for longer than I care to admit. The van took on a magical quality and almost glowed as the prize at the end of my short quest. Right there in front of everyone. Its grill and headlights smiled at me as if to say here I am. I’ve been waiting for you.
She had backed the van into the driveway. That was the best way to get the kids into the house without being seen. Back it up to the edge of the house and take them in through the back door. I looked at my phone, even tapped all the icons on its tiny touch screen and stared at the call back number for Detective Williams. Something made me put it down, a thing that told me the police would take their time investigating and it might be too late. I clicked the handle on the gas pump to shut it off and holstered the hose. Then I pulled my car into one of the marked spots next to the gas station. 
After my husband’s death, I had purchased a gun, something I was not proud of. He was against guns and violence. I agreed wholeheartedly back when he was alive, but that day violence was not only acceptable, if that woman had laid a finger (or a tooth) on my babies, it was a given. 
The 9mm was in my glove box. It used to sit in my closet, up on a shelf where the kids couldn’t reach, but that made me nervous. I moved it from the top shelf to a lock box, still nervous. It wasn’t until after a colleague of mine was mugged coming into work a few months ago that I put it in the car, just in case. I didn’t have the nerve to carry it but I at least put it in the car. It made me feel safer. Safer, but I never thought I would have a real need for it. How many people really need the guns they own?
I opened the latch on the glove box and slid out the shiny black thing. It felt very heavy in my hand. The loaded clip sat beside it and I snapped it into place. The entire contents of my purse dumped on the floor and slid the weapon inside. My car was still running as I got out and walked across the busy street to the strange house with the smiling van.
As I approached, I felt the front door was too obvious so I made a beeline for the side of the house and peeked cautiously around to the backyard praying I would see a game of tag. A birthday party—even Jeanette passed out drunk while the kids drew on her with markers would’ve been a relief, but it was empty. Cicada’s buzzed and chirped in the summer heat. 
I looked at the van. The bumper confirmed my discovery by wearing a smiling sun sticker as if it was a sheriff’s tin star. It was the school’s cute logo and all the further evidence I needed. In the back yard lay a ‘for sale’ sign which I knew was probably in the front yard that morning.
Tip-toeing to the first window, I peered in on a completely empty house. I walked further to a wooden deck and quickly jumped the steps and touched the back door which was already ajar and swung in on its hinges. Inside was quiet and I dared not step in until I heard something…anything. My hand was in my purse, touching the pistol. I just needed to know it was still there.
Footsteps.
There were footsteps upstairs and with each one, I inched further into the house. Through the kitchen I walked and on into the living room, finally ending in the foyer by the front door. Back and forth those footsteps went. I listened, tracking them over my head for a moment until they sounded the furthest from the stairs I was looking at. I held my breath and headed up.
I heard water dripping, first on linoleum or tiles of some kind, and then the deeper sound of drops on carpet. I set my purse down on the steps and pulled the gun to the ready. I’d only fired it once before.
Safety. Aim. Squeeze.
Jeanette walked out of the bedroom at the end of the hallway and stood there sopping wet. She was undaunted by my presence.
“I have work to do,” she said. “Work to do and I’m almost done.”
She continued on to the bathroom and I followed slowly to find out what she was up to. I really didn’t want to know. 
“Almost done,” she said. “Clean up! Clean up! Everybody does their share,” she sang as she always had when I arrived early to pick up Nattie and Mattie.
She knelt over the tub inside the small bathroom. The water was tinged with pink and sloshing out onto the soaked floor as she cradled her bundle and stood. It was one of the Martin girls. Jeanette turned with a smile and I saw the little blonde girls limp body. A gash on her forehead stained the water that dripped down one of her ringlet curls, painting it a sickly orange. Her eyes bulged. I dropped the gun to my side and backed out of the way. Nausea washed over me. The Martin girl was dead…by maybe my children… 
“Almost done!” she said again. 
Jeanette’s eyes were crazed, open wide and darting this way and that, her hair was ragged and her dark nipples and bra shone clearly through the soaking wet t-shirt with the ‘Sunshine and Smiles’ logo on the front. At any moment, she might’ve laughed or cried, either would have been of the hysterical sort. I followed her to the bedroom where she lay the little girl down next to her sister. My world was a hazy, false place that no longer seemed real.
“It’s only a two bedroom, so they will have to share, “she said.
Then she looked at me. Her lips spread into a smile and she put on finger to her mouth.
“Shh. Mattie and Nattie are in there, sleeping,” she said and pointed across the hall.
My blood boiled and I screamed when I saw them lying on the floor as if sleeping angels. The carpet stained about them with water from that tub and blood from their swollen and gashed heads.
“What did you do?” I screamed and pointed the gun at her with renewed clarity.
“I saved them,” she said.
I looked over my shoulder at my precious twins and then back at her, keeping the gun pointed at her in my trembling hand. My breathing became erratic, the urge to cry never stronger.
“Saved…them…from…what?” I yelled, teeth clenched.
“Me. See, I kill babies. Three of them now,” she said. 
I couldn’t wrap my head around it at first.
“I was pregnant two days ago. But not yesterday.” 
Her smile didn’t quite make it all the way up to those insane eyes.
“It was the third time. That’s why I bit that little boy. He was the last one to get picked up yesterday so I told him my story, but he wasn’t listening. He just kept playing, and I bit him.”
“You drowned these children!” I cried.
I wanted to kill her, but something in me needed to hear her reasons.
“No. I saved them,” she said.
The words twisted about in my skull but never quite grabbed on.
“The oldest, she wouldn’t be still under the water, so I hit her with the toilet lid. Then I had to hit them all because they were screaming and crying and I couldn’t think. Quiet makes thinking much easier. That’s what I always tell the children.”
I squeezed the trigger and a brilliant red firework burst from her shoulder knocking her to the ground. I looked back at my children, just to check, and then at the Martin twins. My body shuddered as I cried but I kept the gun pointed at Jeanette.
“We can all live together now,” she said looking at the fresh wound, but not acknowledging the pain it must have caused.
I squeezed the trigger again. This time the red firework was in her right cheek, exploding on the wall, shattering teeth and liquefying her eye. Her words no longer made sense, but became gurgling coughs. The blood came out of her mouth, out of the hole in her cheek in a fine mist with each hack. I squeezed again and again until the clip was empty. I don’t know if that was twelve shots or fifteen.
When the gun only clicked, I went to hold my babies, and to sing to them. 
Jesus loves me, this I know.
I sang until the police arrived. The young officer was there, and before long, Detective Williams showed up.
“I did your jobs,” I said, still holding my children.

*****
 
THEY SAY FIRST degree murder is a tough charge to beat. I confess I didn’t even try. Everyone else is gone now so there is no reason to fight it. I stay medicated most of the time here in the ward. They let me write but only as long as I’m supervised. Ever since I tried to stick that pencil in my neck they’ll only give me crayons. They are sufficient to tell my story.
On some strange level, I can’t help but feel sorry for Jeanette, but she is off the hook and I am left to do the time. At least she is dead, but she visits me. They all visit me, the Martin twins, Mattie and Nattie. We sing together. 

..ooOOoo..

THE TRASH MENAGERIE

Inner demons may spawn outer demons, the kind with fangs and horns and bad intentions. They’re both tough to defeat.

HOARDING IS WHAT my friends call it. What friends I have left. There are shows on television about people like me. It’s a disease they all say. They all say something is wrong with my brain, that I’m either lazy, stupid, afraid to let go or a combination of the three. At first, I agreed and thought I must have been crazy, but now I know better. These are my collections and I find them beautiful. I could be more organized, sure, but I’m not…diseased.
I don’t know how or when it started because I wasn’t always like this. There was a time when I was clean, almost sterile in my daily life. I bathed, I washed dishes and I did my own laundry. My house was orderly. Everything had its place and there was—you guessed it—a place for everything. I owned a normal number and variety of things. I was married. We had no children, but my husband and I owned a cat and a dog. They were still here, the cat and dog, until recently.
Then one day, as I rolled the trash barrel to the corner, I panicked. My chest stopped working, lungs and heart, and I stood there, clutching my robe together at my neck and stared at that spot where the can would sit until the truck came and took away my trash, my things, my…
What if there’s something there that I need? 
I couldn’t shake the feeling. Something had shifted in my head and I just couldn’t bring myself to leave the trash without double checking. I rolled it back to the garage and dumped it on the floor so I could see everything and from there, I organized all like items into piles. Now I separate everything into piles. My piles. My way.

*****

THIS TRANSITION WAS tough on me and I cried daily. I cried for the mess my house appeared to be in. I cried for the guilty feelings I had and the paralyzing anxiety I felt whenever I tried to dispose of anything. It was like a creature living in my home, a creature that was bigger than me, stronger than me, and it was daring me to dispose of its possessions.
And then one day I came to grips with it. I made peace with the ever-growing mass of things around me. They had become part of the environment that I lived in and I was falling in love with them. Not all at once, but as I ordered and reordered them, took inventory, ran my fingers across the piles of my things, I fell in love.
I think the very first piece was a glass beer bottle. Something about the way the light gleamed off of it caught my eye and I just stared at it for longer than I should have. Or maybe it was the reflection of my face, all stretched out and goofy, that made me stare. Some magical quality existed there which I hadn’t seen before. I looked at that bottle for hours…maybe days. Anyone in the room would’ve thought me insane, but no one else was there. No one ever is. But something is.
After that, I collected all the bottles I used, and then bought some that other folks had used. They lined the countertops in my kitchen and they filled my kitchen table and the bookshelves, and then the outer edge of my living room along the baseboard molding. I emptied drawers in my dresser for them and enjoyed the clinking sound they made when I would open or close the drawer. I can’t open those drawers anymore; they have grown too heavy. Besides, other loves are obstructing my reach.
Next was a potato chip bag, those plastic bags that look like metal. Shiny on the outside, but gleaming silver on the inside. Under the right lighting, they are as mesmerizing as the bottles. An amazing feat of technology to get all those colors on the plastic too, don’t you think? Logos and words and calories and fat grams and salt. It’s all there, everything you need to know about the contents. I might need to know that one day. Was it merely coincidence that the soda or beer bottles were always seemed to accompany the chips, or the cookies, or delivered pizza. There was always plenty of food for my creature, and it seemed satisfied. 
Ahh, pizza boxes. They obscure the dining room table. I stacked them underneath that table for starters, and then on top, and now they almost reach the ceiling. It’s like a cardboard castle. I’m somewhat proud of it. My home is like a cave, dangerous in parts, comforting in others…but pull the wrong stone and the whole structure might tumble to the ground below, sealing me off from the world and crushing me. I am fine with that. I know where that stone is.
Now, I’m running out of space. The garage is full and there is little more than a pathway from the bathroom to my recliner and then the kitchen. I have no need of a kitchen, I don’t eat much, and when I feel hunger pains, I can always scavenge something. I haven’t left the house in weeks, but now I feel the urge to bring in more. The monster wants more, but I can’t go out into the world like this. 

*****

THE STACK OF boxes in the bedroom toppled over a few days ago…maybe it’s been a week? I’m not sure what caused it, but many of my bottles shattered in the fall. I can’t get in there anymore to stack things back in order because of all the broken glass. Plus, the flies are horrible in there. There must be some food left in those boxes. Meat that’s rotting. The smell is awful. Maggots are everywhere.
It doesn’t smell like rotten food, exactly. It’s much worse, like a rotting corpse. It reminds me of the way the deer smelled when it was hit by that truck and landed on my lawn. I had three calls in to the city before they came to remove it. It was covered with lovely wriggling maggots. I remember staring at them one evening for a solid hour. Counting them. Picking them off and taking them into the house. I would’ve taken the deer—oh my monster would’ve loved that—but it was too heavy.

*****

I HAVE TOO many clothes now. There are so many that no longer wash them. There wouldn’t be anywhere to put them if I did. I can buy new clothes at yard sales each week…if I still went out. What I have worn goes in the garage. There’s no room for the car anymore. The clothes cover the entire concrete floor and are piled almost five feet high. They shift sometimes. I watch them roll like waves on the ocean. I’m not sure if that’s my monster or not.
About two weeks ago, I started hearing the noise. It’s a low…grumbling sound that comes from underneath my collection…from within my collection. I felt like it was talking to me at first, trying to communicate some message, but now I think it might just be the complaining rumble of an empty stomach. I fear that’s exactly what it is. My creature is hungry. Maybe that’s why it knocked over my boxes, and why it rolls through the mounds of clothing in the garage.
The noise didn’t bother me until the cat disappeared. That was just after the rumbling noise started. It quieted for a time, and then came back. At sun-up, the pets normally made their way down the narrow path from wherever they slept to my recliner—I’ve been sleeping in the recliner. I’d feed them and then go about trying to find room for all the magical things I had stored in my car. It was stuffed full of newly found treasures. I haven’t had time to bring all of those treasures inside. 
I haven’t seen my dog now in four days. The cat’s been gone for ten. I noticed the grumbling sound quieted again after the dog disappeared and the dog was quite a bit larger than the cat, but now there is no one to greet me in the morning.
Today, it’s back. I see the piles shuffle occasionally as if something moves beneath them. At first I thought it might have been the dog, but he would come if I called. Whenever I speak, the shuffling stops. I know my monster is there, and he knows of me. I know he is biding his time, hoping I will feed him again…and I know what will happen if I do not. I’ve considered calling a neighbor…or a counselor (I have no family), someone to help me with my collection, to get things under control—get the monster under control…or maybe feed the monster, but what then? They’ll stop coming on their own, and soon, a phone call won’t be enough to convince them. Police may come, more food. I don’t know where the phone is.
Now, the recliner is where I spend all of my time. I haven’t moved from this spot since Thursday. My collection is closing in on me, getting ever closer and hanging like the limbs of a live oak over a dirt road. I know it wants more food, but I have nothing more to give. Nothing but myself. I’m certain it’s only a matter of time before the creature finds me. It is hungry. Once I am gone, where will it go next? My neighbors have two dogs…

..ooOOoo..

INFESTATION OF THE THIRD KIND

Things that come from outer space probably won’t be humanoid, and definitely won’t be friendly. And if they are, we’d screw it up.

February, 2021
AN UNCOMFORTABLE FEELING hung from the clouds like a turd that wouldn't drop in the shitter. 
That damned war tore the world apart and it was few and far between when folks ran into each other outside of the settlements. Towns were just starting to crop up again. Survivors came out of the woodwork once the bombs stopped falling. They were roaches in a new darkness. Eventually the planes ran out of fuel, the politicians ran out of lies and everybody else ran out of patience. We had killed our planet. 
I was somewhere out west in what used to be the United States. I could’ve dug up a map or searched for some landmarks if I wanted to explore but I just didn't have a crap left to give. We called our settlement ‘Ernest’ after its eldest member. He died a few weeks later, but the name stuck. 
Some days, life was better than before the war. No internet, telephone or reality TV. There were no bills or taxes. No politics. No bullshit. Other days, it was like the war had never happened and we were still the same animals that had caused it all. People never learn.
There were always the nightmares that brought things back round. My wife was killed by a car bomb just before it ended. I traveled to avoid trouble after that. 
I guess I could’ve been in Kansas, maybe Oklahoma. I would never have ventured as far south as Texas. I hated Texas. Everything in Texas was brown and dusty. I can only imagine it got worse after the war. That said, the climate changed after we knocked things off kilter. We were pioneers again, not knowing what we might find around the next bend, over the next hill, or when—if—the sun rose the next day. 
I imagined it wouldn't take long before some ass-hat decided he or she needed to be in charge and start conquering people. Not sure what they’d have wanted with the place. I just wanted to exist until I couldn't exist any longer. Then I wanted to die in peace. 
That brings me to another problem. In addition to the unpredictable weather and the shitty location, we had bugs. Not regular bugs. These came from someplace else and Raid didn't even get them high.
I guess we finally made enough noise to catch their attention. Maybe we’d killed off enough of Earth’s natural creatures, that God flipped on the 'vacancy' sign. 

Monday Morning 

It was small as far as aliens went. I’d seen fifteen or more species and that one was scant. Ed pulled the shell aside and spread its wings. The back was round and shiny. It reminded me of a ladybug only with scaly lizard legs and feet. 
“WHERE’S THE REST of him?” I asked.
“Ha. Rest of ‘im? Nope, that’s it. Found him on the southbound lane of the highway this morning. Ain’t it the damnedest thing you ever saw?” Ed said with a laugh.
He let the wings go and spat on the ground. The dead critter’s parts folded back together like they were on springs.
“Yup. Damnedest thing. What’s it, about six inches long?”
“Thereabouts. Weighs a pound, I’d say.”
“Huh. Big ass bug.”
Ed had pulled his old pickup in for a tank of gas and was kind enough to show me his find. Seems like driving was all he did those days, circling through the streets of our home-made burgh and picking up the little alien trinkets. I grabbed the squeegee to clean his windshield while he pumped. I didn’t normally do full service, but Ed was an old friend. 
Gas was free until it ran out. That was always the plan. We only had four running vehicles in Ernest, so it would last a good long while. Folks never had too far to go, and anyone who left wasn't coming back just for fuel. Everything else was on a take-as-you-needed basis and we shared as much as we could. Vanity and pride were dealt with, violently if necessary. There was too much uncertainty for people to go back to the old ways, the ways that brought us to that point. Simplicity was law. 
We had enough. There was a pile of canned food in an old grocery store turned to rubble and even after settling Ernest and feeding our small group for several months, there is still plenty. Some folks hunted or fished the river. Some even took to eating the bugs. I couldn’t do it, hadn’t gotten that hungry yet, but there were plenty of the damned things to go around.
The filling station was my home. Its structure was sound enough, but you had to pump the gas by hand. No electricity. No running water. No crowds.
There were twenty-six of us living in the settlement, a few more on the outskirts. Ed was a caretaker of sorts. Ever since the war took his leg, he wandered around town taking odd jobs. No one asked him to and he didn't get paid, but it kept him busy. Sometimes busy meant scraping up road kill. 
“Kinda cute, but it smells like shit. How long you reckon it was layin’ there?” I asked.
He tipped his Boston Red Sox cap back to scratch his head. The poor hat was falling apart, held together by sweat and his remaining loyalty for a team that would probably never play another game.
“Dunno. Wasn’t there when I left for breakfast this morning, but it was there an hour later,” he said.
“Fresh? And stinks like that?” I asked, covering my nose with the back of my hand.
“Yup. He’s right tough to be around,” Ed said and smiled.
“How many does ‘at make?”
I’d seen a hundred or more since the end of the war. Those little buggers were commonplace and came in many shapes and sizes. They’d started herding and breeding like they were native to our planet and folks just grew accustomed to it. We were counting the different species, not population. Ed drew hash marks in the air. 
“With the two furry ones from yesterday…three last week and the big’un out back, that makes seven diff’rnt kinds, I guess.” 
He finished scratching and pulled his hat back in place as we watched a swarm of them fly over our heads, headed away from the morning sun.
“Huh,” I said.
He tossed the carcass in the metal trash barrel and we looked at it for a second as if saying a silent prayer. 
“Why they runnin’, you wonder?” I asked.
“Dunno, Bill. It don’t sit right with me.”
“None of this sits right. What’s botherin’ you that I should know about?” 
“Little fish don’t tend to jump…less somethin’s chasin’ ‘em,” he said.
 
0843 Hours

I POURED A SPLASH of gas on the bug in the trash and tossed in a lit match as I watched Ed drive off. The stinking contents caught fire and flames licked up just past the rim. It was time to find something for breakfast and maybe a little coffee. I walked over to Colleen's place to see if she was cooking. She usually did each morning and usually the few kids went to see her for their morning meal and a story or two. I hoped she would be alone and that it wouldn’t be too hard to convince her to shut the door behind us for an hour or so. Colleen was a good woman…and easy on the eyes.
A skip and jump across the road and past two or three crushed buildings and I saw the red roof of what used to be a Pizza Hut. That's where she had taken up. I never did know why such a lady chose to be alone. I supposed trust was hard to come by.
“Coll?” I hollered, knocking on the door.
“Is that you, Bill?”
She was home and I didn’t hear any children bustling around or being loud. The thought made me warm in places.
“Yep. You decent?”
“Never, come on back,” she said.
I heard her hearty laugh from the doorway and scurried back just in case she wasn’t joking.
“Ed found a new one this morning,” I said and pushed through the swinging doors into what used to be a greasy kitchen. She was already dressed in jeans and a t-shirt that just hinted at her shape.
“Really?” she said.
 “Looked like a big, green ladybug with weird legs. And it stunk. I burned it up it stunk so bad.”
“Mmm,” she replied,” smelled so bad you decided to come over here and eat? What's that say about my cookin?” she said.
“I’m a fan of your cooking. Hell, I’m a fan.”
She turned with a mischievous face on and I give her a wink.
“Let me get some coffee first and then we’ll see how this morning turns out.”
Colleen was the first human I ran into after the war ended. It’d been six months of living that way. I came by to check on her about every morning. She'd curled my toes three times and it looked like it might be another good day. We made a fire out behind the old kitchen and tossed some eggs in a pan. As they sizzled I watched her purse her full lips to sip some coffee and she caught me staring.
“Bill. I thought you were hungry,” she said.
There was fire in her eyes. Her cheeks took on a lovely rose color.
 The eggs burnt. 
 An hour later, I left, headed back to the service station and she called me from the doorway of the one-time restaurant.
“Bill!”
Her voice was rough hewn from years of smoking and drinking. I didn’t know how she lived before the war and we never talked about it. It was like an unwritten law. Everyone that survived got a do-over. 
“Yeah,” I said and turned.
“Same time tomorrow?” 
She opened her shirt to flash her breasts at me, just a glimpse. They sat full and impossibly high for a woman her age, but I wasn’t complaining. She was lovely. A warm smile curled on her lips as she waited for my response.
“Absolutely, but this time we won’t burn the eggs,” I said.
“Oh I don’t know. I kind of hope we do,” she replied.
That’s when all hell broke loose. 
 
0940 Hours

I STOOD THERE grinning while it happened. Something so horrible, so surreal that I couldn’t wrap my head around it, couldn’t find an emotion that matched. Was it a joke? A creature I had never seen and couldn’t believe dropped from the roof of the Pizza Hut, grabbed Colleen by the leg and shook her like a dog shakes a stuffed toy. Her bones snapped and blood sputtered from her mouth onto the brick and windows of the building. She didn’t have time to scream, but she was coughing and gurgling, and the expression of horror on her face was…well, it was something I don’t ever want to see again.
The animal looked like a big cat, five feet tall at the shoulder, only it wore red and purple scales instead of fur and dwarfed any tiger I’d ever seen at the zoo when I was a kid. My mind questioned how something so large could move so swiftly and so quietly. My feet didn’t care to wait for an answer. Colleen lay on the ground, still coughing and making that awful gurgling sound.
It broke her neck. I can’t help her if it broke her neck.
The hellcat, for lack of a better term, pawed at her, but looked up at me. I think it was judging me—friend or foe—threat or not. With a snort, it dropped its head down to sniff her body; she was still alive, but barely. Before I turned to run, I watched it mouth her head which it pulled it loose with ease. The skin of her neck stretched to its limit before ripping into wet flapping tendrils. Her body fell to the ground under the weight of its front foot. Again her breasts were exposed only with none of the sex appeal they’d held a moment earlier. Now it was all just meat. The beast gobbled. If only I’d closed my eyes sooner...at least the gurgling sound was gone.
I ran. Every ounce of strength propelled my feet to move toward the ruins of the old strip mall. I had to stay away from the filling station so that thing wouldn’t follow me home. The mall would provide much better cover and easier hiding. 
God forgive me, Colleen, but I hope you filled that thing’s belly. Maybe it won’t follow.
 As soon as my own voice cleared out of my head, I heard a different, but familiar one.
“Jesus, Bill. Whatchoo runnin’ from?”
It was Ed. He’d rolled the tires of the old pickup close enough to peel the shoe off my right foot and leaned out the window while he yelled at me. In my shock I hadn’t even heard the rumbling rust-bucket. He hadn’t seen the hellcat, but thank heaven for him being there.
I ran around the front of the truck and hopped into the passenger seat as he stopped.
“Don’t stop,” I said in between pants. “Drive. Most definitely drive.”
“What is it, Bill?”
I looked at the rearview mirror just in time to see it barrel down on us. Then it leaped. I stomped on Ed’s foot and mashed it and the gas pedal to the floor. Four clawed feet landed angrily on the truck bed and almost tore it loose under the weight. It hissed and roared as it swiped trying to keep its grip but tumbled backwards instead.
Ed slammed on the brakes and threw the transmission in park. 
“What the hell are you doin?” I asked.
“I’m not gonna let that thing run wild,” he replied and grabbed a flare gun from the dash’s glove box. 
Ed stepped from the truck and approached the creature at a steady, limping pace. It lay in a pile fifty feet away. He took a few more steps as I opened my door, no longer content to watch the action in the mirror. I stepped from the truck as the creature rolled upright, shaking its head as if shrugging off a daze. Its leg was injured and it favored it while trying to walk. I’d have sworn the creature was bigger when it killed Colleen. And wasn’t it red and purple? This one looked red and blue. Ed raised the weapon and steadied his aim.
“We should leave,” I said. “That thing is bad news. I’ve seen it work. We should leave.”
Ed took another step.
“That thing ate Colleen!”
Ed glanced at me, his eyes alight with rage. He immediately put his attention back on the monster. I looked at his leg and wondered if he’d seen a critter like this before…and I wondered briefly if he’d had breakfast with her as well. It didn’t matter.
“Motherfucker!” he yelled and pulled the trigger.
White-hot phosphorous blazed a trail between the barrel of the weapon and the alien critter making contact just between its shoulder and throat. The round exploded in a mess of charred entrails and alien goop. The hot breeze from the explosion blew Ed’s Red Sox cap off and the world went silent. My ears rang. Then slowly, the world’s noise came back.
My jaw dropped. I stared at the mayhem and then at Ed as he picked up his hat and pulled it back onto his head. 
How had a flare gun done all that? 
“Ed?” I said.
“Bill, I made a modification or two to this here flare gun.” 
He never took his eyes off of the target he’d just decimated and simply spat on the ground.
“Huh,” was all I could manage.
“I think that might’ve been what’s chasin the little fish,” Ed said.
“Huh,” I repeated.
An angry howling noise brought us back from one bad setting to another. There was another creature, bigger than the dead one, approaching from the left. Its maw was smeared with blood and it licked its red and purple chops as it slinked in with grace and determination. That was the one that killed Colleen. How many were there?
Ed jumped back in the truck.
“Bill, come on.”
“Why can’t you just shoot this one, too?” I asked scrambling for the door handle.
“I only modified one flare. A reg’lar one’d just piss it off,” he said and stomped the gas.
I watched through the back window hoping the larger animal wouldn’t pursue us. It stopped to sniff the remains of its partner and as we turned the corner I saw it rear its massive head back and howl again. The noise shook the truck, rattled my insides and made head throb. I heard the wail over the low rumble of the truck’s engine, even as we rolled the windows up.
“I think we may have pissed it off anyway,” I said.
 
1318 Hours

THE LOCUSTS’ WHINE started up slowly that afternoon. I’m not sure if it was from the explosion or the presence of the huge beasts, but the local bugs—the Earth bugs—knew something was off. Either way, we didn’t see or hear any more from it that day. Ed and I set up camp just outside of Ernest in a thicket of trees beside what used to be a Wal-Mart Supercenter. The only part still standing was the side wall of the hulking building and a sign that said Tire and Lube Express with a yellow smiley face on it. I imagined it was probably a stronghold at some point during the war. The old building had lots of space, lots of supplies but unfortunately, it wasn’t sturdy. 
I stoked the fire pit. Kept it sunk in the loose soil trying to keep too much smoke from billowing out and blowing our cover. 
“Can you tell me what in the blue fuck that thing was?”
“Ugly,” Ed said. “Ugliest sumbitch I ever come across.”
“Is that what took your leg?” I asked. It’d been nagging my gut ever since he fired the flare.
“Shit no,” Ed laughed. “This here was from mortar fire. Took it off at the ankle. Rest was amputated due to infection.”
“Oh. Thought maybe you’d run in with a beast like that…hellcat.”
Ed cocked his eye at me and smiled. “No. Nothing like that, Bill. I imagine we were lucky this morning.”
“Yep,” I said. “I killed me a lot of mean bastards back in the day. But I’ve never seen anything like that. You reckon it’s the biggest we’ll see?”
All the critters to date had been housecat sized or smaller. Something you could kick out of your way or knock down with a baseball bat. And they seemed to stick with the local vegetation or small animals and bugs. Nothing like the cat, nothing we needed heavy ammo for.
“No,” Ed said. There’s always a bigger somethin’ out there.” 
He raised his eyebrows and watched the fire.
“They got Colleen,” I said, feeling something like sadness, but there had been so much sadness.
“So you said. She was a fine lookin’ woman.”
I nodded in agreement.
“Almost got us too. Wonder who else they got?”
“What’s count last you checked?” Ed asked.
I looked at my fingers and tried to remember all the folks who’d settled in Ernest. We’d lost two to old age, one to sickness and gained two wanderers. That day we lost Colleen. 
“Twenty-four left as best I can tell.”
“Damn,” he said, “not much of a militia. Could be a dozen of them things out there. Hundreds…and if they hunt in packs, or even just pairs. We ain’t equipped for that.”
No, but it could’ve just been the two, Ed. We should go back and check in the morning. Fill up the truck and go. You got any more of those flares you can modify?”
“Yup. A handful.”
“If nothing else, we can get out while the gettin’s good. Grab whoever’s left and some gear and get outta dodge,” I said. We can hook that camper up to the pickup.
“Good idea. At first light we’ll make a ride through Ernest an’ gather folks up. If I see that damned hellcat again, I’ll put one o’ these homemade grenades up his happy hollow,” Ed said.
“G’night Ed,” I said. 
“Bill,” he said, acknowledging me.
Ed leaned back into a stack of cinderblocks and closed his eyes. The night sounds were familiar again, crickets chirped and other insects sang. In the distance I heard the wail of that monster, like maybe it was calling for an ally. There was no reply to its call before I dozed off.
 
Tuesday, First Light

I WOKE AND STRETCHED, listening to my old bones creak and pop like rice cereal. Ed sat silently. I felt for the guy. The truck was old as well and would need a minute to warm up before we went barreling through town like St. George after a dragon. I gave it a crank and just like clockwork, its ancient American engine roared to life. Smoke sputtered from the exhaust.
Our fire had burned itself out and I filled in the hole instinctively with sand to make sure.
“Ed, let’s get a move on,” I said. 
He didn’t budge. 
“Ed?”
I tapped him on the shoulder. He slumped over to his left. I checked his pulse. Nothing. Old bastard had died in his sleep. Other than that leg, he always was a lucky something. I left him there. His eyes were closed and he looked peaceful. I didn’t see any use in disturbing a man in the most peaceful sleep of his life. 
The truck’s glove box held the flare gun, but no other ammo. I needed to stop by my place to grab my rifle. There was a shotgun that worked as well, but shells were in short supply. I planned to stop by Ed’s place and raid his arsenal. 
As I drove into town, things were all wrong. The few remaining structures in Ernest had been toppled. Even the service station I called home. Whatever that thing was, it had done a number on us. I didn’t see any signs of life, but signs of death were everywhere. I counted thirteen bodies and a couple parts that could’ve belonged to those poor souls, or some other poor souls. There was no sign of the hellcat.
I stopped at the ruins of my place and pumped the hand crank to fill the truck with fuel, but never shut off the engine. Once it was full, I kicked through the rubble of what, one day prior, was my makeshift bedroom and found my shotgun and several shells. 
Pulling the lever from P to D, the truck rolled out of the parking lot and down the road past the strip mall. I passed the spot where the carcass of the dead creature lay. Then I turned and went up the other street to the old pizza place where Coll lived. There was no life anywhere. Her blood was dried on the front of the building and pooled in a sticky black puddle at its entrance. There were no other remains. I crossed myself as I drove by. Me and God weren’t on good terms, and I didn’t think we ever would be again, but that didn’t mean Colleen wasn’t…or that she didn’t still need my help.
I stopped at Ed’s, left the motor running and pushed my way through the door. On the only table inside, there was a box of flares and a handgun with some loaded clips. I took all of the above. There was also a tent and a few boxes of canned food that went in the truck’s bed and I got in the cab and had the feeling something was watching me.
The first low guttural noise blended with the engine of the truck, but the second was higher pitched, like the shriek of a bobcat, and proved my intuition. I stomped the pedal, letting the door shut on its own and the motor responded well, lurching and rolling forward with a screech of rear tires. The scaly cat jumped into my path and didn’t flinch as I barreled forward. It howled when the metal struck its hide and tumbled backwards. I opened the window with the hand crank and leaned out to level the handgun at it. Not a large caliber weapon, but it might wound it enough to buy me some time. 
The weapon recoiled and barked. I saw a hole open in the shoulder of the creature and it howled again, but that howl sounded more like anger than pain. It rolled off of its side to a standing position and snarled, wrinkling its brow and bringing those yellow eyes to slits. It tossed its head back as it roared. The noise was deafening, terrifying.
I opened fire again and saw bursts of black blood and smoke erupt from holes in its face and throat. It raised one massive paw trying to fend off the bullets—as if it might bat them down—before it leapt to the roof of the damaged building Ed used to call home. There, it roared again. More bone-shaking vocals which carried enough bass to shatter the passenger window in Ed’s old truck. The bad news is: that time there was a response. It came from behind me, far behind me. And there was another shriek to its left. My rearview mirror showed me two hellcats in the distance, but gaining quickly. 
 I fired once more at the creature on the roof, hoping it would think before it pounced. Dropping the gun into my lap, I floored the gas pedal. I was heading west at sixty miles an hour before the other two hellcats caught up to the wounded one and didn’t stop until the tank was empty and the fuel gauge read E.

Tuesday, 1735 hours

LIGHTS I HAD BEEN watching in the distance as I drove turned out to be another settlement. Thankfully it was still inhabited and active, although with the flat lay of the land I was sure those alien-death-makers would find it in short order. The truck sputtered, taking the last sips of that vital fluid as it rolled its final hundred yards. I left the metal hunk on the side of the road and with a salute, thanked her for her service. If these folks had gasoline, however, I was on my way as soon as I could pay for it. 
As I entered the town on foot, a gruff voice said, “You lost?”
A round man three days in need of a shave was there when I turned to meet the greeting. He held a shotgun in the crook of his elbow but didn’t point it at me. His brows were raised into a questioning expression, but his face was kind, not angry or accusing.
“Not if you have fuel.”
“No fuel,” he said. 
He smiled and revealed teeth stained by decades of tobacco use, “Guess you’ll be stayin’ a while then won’t you?”
“Not if I can help it.”
I shook his hand, “Bill.”
“Roger. This here’s Shangri-la. Bout the worst name ever for a shithole like this.”
“I don’t know, Roger. It reminds me a little of home.”
Before my home was torn to shreds by giant-alien hellcats.
I thought it best to ease that tidbit into the conversation. I had no idea what kind of settlement he had going. Or if they took kindly to strangers. 
“How many you got here?” I asked.
He squinted and looked at the heavens for the answer. Not making hash marks in the air like Ed always did, but something like it.
 “Runs about one hundred give or take. Some leave, some come rollin’ in just like you did. What brings you?”
“Let’s say the aliens run me out of town,” I said.
That seemed a tactful way to not start immediate panic. He chuckled and I watched a bead of sweat trickle down his cheek. Oddly, it made me thirsty. I realized I hadn’t had anything to eat or drink in more than twenty-four hours. The last thing I almost ate was eggs at Colleen’s place.
“Bugs? Harmless,” he said.
“No. There’s something else. Looks like a big-ass tiger…and it stays real fuckin’ pissed off all the time.”
“Huh. My wife had a cat like that once,” Roger said.
He laughed silently, but I watched his rather large belly jiggle.
“Yeah, well these destroyed our whole village. Counted three of them when I left. We killed one.”
“And you came here?”
“I left at top speed and drove almost seven hours. I didn’t come lookin’ for this place. I haven’t seen one of those bastard cats since I left them in the dust back in Ernest.”
“Ernest?”
“My settlement. Well, it used to be.”
He shrugged and smiled. I hadn’t intended to lead the devil to his door. I think he knew that.
“Do you have weapons?”
His look fluctuated from hospitable to frustrated.
“We have weapons, but we’re sitting ducks here. There’s no cover.”
“I’m sorry to bring bad news,” I said.
“Hell, I guess you tellin’ me is now is better than waking up dead. The war just ain’t over,” he said. Then he patted me on the shoulder. “Tell me what you know.”
I gave him all the info I had: size, color, noises. I told him about Colleen and how she’d been eaten. I explained about how the flare exploded and killed one of the smaller ones and I told him how four of those things had appeared and none of us saw them coming.
They would make their way to Shangri-La eventually, of that I had no doubt. The only concern was when. And when they came, we would have to be ready. If I made it in that truck in seven hours…how far behind might those hellcats be? How much exploring did they do scavenging for food? 
Shangri-La needed to find supplies, to train those who were able to stand watch and fire a weapon. To find better cover in the foothills to the north.
Aside from that, all we could do was wait.

..ooOOoo..

indiviDUALITY

I hate politics. I hate society. I hate the look-like-me’s and do-like-me’s or you’re wrong folks. There’s more out there to worry about.

IT WAS HIGH TIME for a change. He dedicated his life to questioning the establishment when he was ten years old. It just seemed that the teachers, preachers and all the parents in his neighborhood wanted the same thing: be like us. One of us. Like crazed cult leaders from a horror film. There were so many other ways to do things. As he grew older, he found laws that didn’t make sense, societal norms that didn’t make sense, and religion didn’t make any sense at all.
It was cool back in high school to be different. It was sexy in college. Then the real world reared its ugly head, and suddenly living against the tide proved to be more difficult than he had originally envisioned. People were less apt to follow in his civil disobedience once they had families to support and bills to pay. Life beat them into a socially acceptable mold and he was being childish and needed to grow up.
There was little style and no substance to the suburbs where he lived. Everyone screamed for excitement, but none did anything about it. Everyone prayed for changes, but they scolded anyone trying to make them. He began to notice that the new batch of teens said one thing ‘be different’ but did another ‘look and act like everyone on television’. It saddened him. It brought back memories of his youth.
It didn’t help that every single person in southern Indiana, hell the whole Midwest, seemed to be a fucking blue suit, gun-toting, status quo republican. Not that he chose sides, the democrats bled for everyone, dumped money on everyone who wasn’t willing to work for themselves, made him uncomfortable with political correctness and equality for all…but if there was a greater evil, it ran with that blue suited crowd. Status quo may have kept things good for them and their smart ties, but it did jack and shit for anyone struggling. It also destined the future generations to have nothing but nothing. Drastic measures were needed. That’s when the bodies started piling up in his basement.
His electric bill strained his meager budget. The house was paid for, inherited when his grandmother passed away and he didn’t watch television or use the internet. To plant the tongue firmly in the cheek, it was the six deep freezers down there that cost him an arm and a leg. The hum they produced was enough to tip off a casual visitor. The compressors started and stopped constantly as their temperatures adjusted. There had to be a better way to dispose of them. He was pondering that very thought when a knock came at the door. He opened it casually, still scratching his beard.
“Hello,” he said to the stranger.
“Good morning, sir!” said a cheery female face.
She held a stack of papers and dressed smartly. One of them. What was it going to be? A referendum? Maybe a petition? Ooh, could she be a witness of Jehovah?
He looked back at her wondering what ‘sir’ she was addressing. His cut-off jeans and vintage t-shirt should’ve given him away, but if they hadn’t, the shaggy beard and long hair surely did.
“I am out today, talking with all the folks in the neighborhood. I’d like to get all of us on board with a new youth organization. It will help keep our children engaged and off the streets. Provide them with some wholesome alternatives for entertainment. It might even keep them from staring at their smart phones and surfing the net so much. I wanted to…”
Her grinning, machine-gun delivery was giving him a headache so he raised his hand to her mouth, just brushing her lips. She took a half step away from his interruption with an uncomfortable look on her face.
“What are you selling?” he asked.
Her smile returned.
“Oh, I’m not selling anything, sir. I just wanted to hand you this brochure,” she said.
He took the paper from her hand and strained to focus his eyes on the flowery print and colorful paper. She stood with her smug, do-gooder look and waited for him to finish browsing.
“Says here that an annual membership fee will be required of all residents of the surrounding subdivisions,” he said never looking up from the page.
“True. To keep it non-profit, we’ll need a homeowner’s organization to collect fees.”
“What if I don’t want to participate? There’s no homeowner’s organization here now. I’m not sure you can just impose one.”
“Well, I can if everyone agrees. And so far everyone has,” she said, sounding a bit hurt at his opposition.
“You’ve spoken to everyone in the surrounding area?”
She nodded.
“Who will build the facility?”
“I’ve spoken to several local church groups who will raise money to renovate the old health club. It’s basically just a gymnasium. It will be staffed by volunteers and upkeep will be up to volunteers as well.”
“Sounds to me like it could be funded by volunteers then,” he said.
“We’re only asking a small fee paid yearly in order to pay for electricity and water, sewer and trash and the security charge for the alarm system,” she said, pointing to an itemized list on the brochure.
“Security system?”
“Well, we can’t have people breaking in,” she said.
“Who would break in?”
“There are always those unsavory types. We just want to avoid that possibility.”
Her face stiffened up as she spoke.
“Isn’t that the point of giving the kids this option? To keep them off the streets and out of trouble?”
“Well, yes.”
“Not interested,” he said.
“But, sir, don’t you worry for the well being of our…”
He interrupted calmly, “I worry that this will be another layer of society forcing the youth to act like robots. To act like…well, to act like you, ma’am.”
She placed her hand on her chest and wore a hurt expression.
“You think I’m a robot?”
“You sound like a cheerleader or a pageant contestant,” he said with a smirk and started to close the door.
“I was a cheerleader, and I did compete in pageants. What’s wrong with that? It gave me a sense of self worth and of teamwork.”
“Everything is wrong with that,” he said and scratched his beard before he continued. “Don’t you see that you’re a cookie-cutter copy? A clone?” he asked.
“Clone? What does that mean?”
Her look was part hurt feelings and part curiosity. He got the impression she had never been criticized in her entire gold-plated life. 
It would be a pleasure to separate her limbs from her torso.
“Look, I don’t want to argue if this is going to get nasty,” he said.
“No. No, I truly want to hear your opinion,” she said, “If you think there’s something better for the children, let me know.”
Her hands perched on her slender hips and she waited for his explanation with blazingly cool eyes. He considered her posture for a moment and then exhaled.
“Fine, let me get a bottle of water. Would you like one?”
His hospitality obviously took her aback but she accepted.
“Yes. Thank you. But, I’ll wait right here.”
He hadn’t asked her in, not yet. How to entice her in without tipping her off? Did he have plans for her—was there an inevitable conclusion? Maybe he should invite her back for further discussion on a different day when he wasn’t so…out of sorts.
For now they would keep the discussion on his front porch where the neighbors could see. He disappeared behind the six-panel door and after a couple beats, returned with two cold plastic water bottles and handed her one. He offered her one of the chairs on the porch with and open palm. She sat and crossed her legs setting the water bottle on the table to her left.
“You were saying?” she asked.
He thought for a moment and found his point somewhere between her eyes.
“Cookie cutter. Look at any pageant where beauty is in the focus and you’ll see an assembly line of programmed children who grow to be programmed adults. I just think inner beauty should come from within. Not from a panel of judges or from a rulebook.”
“It’s not like that,” she said.
He frowned.
“Yes. It really is.”
She shook her head.
“It’s about poise and and about friendly competition,” she argued.
“And bullshit. Friendly? Come on. I’ve seen the way the moms go at it. Their catty attitudes. You see it on the soccer field, at the mall—in restaurants. Act this way, eat your food like this, walk like that,” he said. “It doesn’t take long before the children mimic that behavior, find it normal.”
He found it interesting that his nonchalant demeanor seemed to engage rather than enrage her.
“So, you’re saying everyone should look and act like you?” she asked.
“No. I’m saying the exact opposite. Everyone should discover themselves in their own way. Expression through art not opinion,” he said.
“Isn’t self expression just an opinion?”
“In a way. But it isn’t supposed to be influenced. Have you ever taken an art class?”
“Long ago,” she replied.
“Yeah, and they taught you about the classics, they put rules on it. They told you how to do it, and they graded you on your output, right?”
“Yes. Something like that,” she said.
“You ever take a music course?”
“I play several instruments,” she said, smiling wide.
“Ever had a recording contract? Ever written something original?”
“No.”
“No. You took some lessons and played from sheet music written and arranged by someone else, correct? And I’d bet you called that a ‘talent’ in one of your pageants, right?”
“Yes, but you are oversimplifying things,” she stated curtly.
“Yes, you’re right. I am. But it’s still pretty dire. We spend so much time learning about how things were done and why we should continue to do them that way…It’s programming, not learning. Regurgitation…it’s vomit.”
He trailed off watching the traffic on the street in front of his house. Her gaze drifted as well, like he might be making some sense to her.
“Sir?” she said.
“Please. If we’re going to have this chat, call me Mike.”
His name wasn’t Mike, but it was easier that way if she ran screaming to the cops.
“Ok, Mike. You were saying?”
He noticed she showed a keen interest in his point of view. His total lack of emotion always garnered him attention. Anger, he thought, made people with revolutionary ideas seem like zealots, crazy people. He was unsure if his ideas were revolutionary, but when delivered with assured indifference, people listened. They chatted with him for hours. They came back days later for more. They became heated, but he never did. Sometimes they came inside his house. And sometimes, they ended up in one of his freezers.
How will I get her inside my house? 
Eventually, they all reverted back to the old ways, blaming bills, citing responsibilities or the desire to live a fulfilling life. Things always equaled fulfillment. They would speak of duty to their children, to a husband or wife. They said society wouldn’t allow the anarchy he preached. That’s when he fixed them. That’s when they ended up frozen … chunks wrapped in butcher paper and stored in the basement.
He took a swig from his water bottle and looked back at her. She needed fixing. He would wait for his in. An opportunity always presented itself.
“Congress is the opposite of progress,” he said with a grin.
“You’re saying the government is somehow at fault for … I’m still not sure what they are at fault for.”
“They are the second largest example. What are they at fault for? Everything, lady. They’re at fault for everything.”
“Jennifer,” she said. “My name is Jennifer.”
“Of course it is.”
“You don’t like my name?”
“It’s fine, but it’s just so common…it plays into my argument. Everything about you does.”
She sighed, a sour look on her face.
“You said second largest example. What’s the first?”
He looked dumbfounded at her question for a moment before answering.
“Church. Church is the most evil of establishments,” he said.
“I happen to be a devout Christian, Mike.”
“Then you know better than anyone.”
“I’m not sure I like you calling the church evil,” she said with a frown.
“I just call it like I see it. Ok, the idea of church isn’t evil. A place to worship and help others through trying times. An attempt to make sense of it all. There’s nothing wrong with that.”
“So what’s your point?”
“It’s become big business. Televised religion with congregations of fifty thousand in house. Give money, give time, give, give, give. And it gets worse. Wear this, don’t wear that, don’t listen to that music or say those words, show up at this time, stay this long and interpret things this way, and don’t worship that god—that god is wrong. It’s bullshit,” he said.
He still spoke with an even, monotone voice. There was anger in the words themselves, but it didn’t come from within him. Captivation oozed from her eyes. Her brow furrowed, but she wasn’t mad.
“I can agree with that to a point. But I’m not sure evil is the word. Misguided in some cases, maybe. Every organization has those who misinterpret.”
“The devil is the lord of deception,” he responded.
“Touché.”
“But who gets to say what interpretation is correct?”
“I think that depends on the individual. We each find our own way.”
“No. That’s what I am saying. Not what you are saying. Not what your church or your government is saying. Think about it.”
She had no response to that. That meant she was like all the others. She engaged his mind and tried to take his ideas as her own. Next she would leave. There would be similar conversations with her friends. They would scoff at her. They would accuse her of reading some strange philosophical or radical text and tell her it was cool, but treat it as a fad. She would back down and she would settle back into her place in the hive. He needed to bring her around, one way or the other. Then she surprised him.
“You may be right. The more I think about it, you may be right, at least about church. No doubt you’re right about government. What can you do, though? That’s why I want this outreach facility so badly. The kids need choices.”
The surprise was over. It was only a bad segue into her original sales pitch. He began to picture her dismembered body. Her lifeless head unable to continue with the bullshit she was speaking, staring at him through cellophane and freezer burn.
 She continued on with her purpose for showing up at his door. She reiterated everything she had told him already. She stopped when he began to look bored.
“What?” she asked.
“That’s exactly what you aren’t doing. You are saying do what we want not do your own thing,” he said.
“Their own thing is sex and drugs and alcohol.”
“A little Hedonism. We all went through it. I’m sure you went through it. Why deny it to them? Don’t you think that might cause unsettling? Divorce? They didn’t get their rocks off as kids, so they do it later when the feeling becomes overwhelming. Your kind breeds them to want what they don’t have.”
He looked at her rings, gold watch and diamond studded earlobes. He looked at her immaculate hair, fingernails and clothing. He looked at the pendant she wore on a chain and the way it plunged into her cleavage, almost pointing there so others would look. She looked at him as if those thoughts never occurred to her, and then she looked at the wooden floorboards of the porch. Minutes passed like the cars on the street.
“You married?” he asked. “I don’t see a ring. Not that I buy into that either. It’s just a piece of paper. Love is love. Marriage is a law thought up by a church and required by the government for tax purposes. Separation of church and state, my ass,” he said, this time with just a little gusto.
“Divorced,” she said, deadpan.
“Would it be rude if I said I wasn’t surprised?”
“A bit, yeah,” she said.
Her foot on the crossed leg began to pump back and forth.
“Look, it’s nothing personal. You just seem very straight laced and controlling. I can understand where that might cause tension,” he said.
“You are just fascinated with yourself, aren’t you?” she asked.
“No. It’s not like that. I just think people should turn off the internet. Turn off the cable. Turn off the cell phone and talk to a person. Face to face. Learn about them. Travel and visit other cultures and quit accepting what we have here as the only way. I don’t mean research online or even in a book. Books are someone’s opinion. Someone’s interpretation of a culture, not the actual culture. Someone took specific pictures. Someone chose to show you that. Even the Bible is an interpretation, if not altogether fiction.”
She stared at him like he was speaking food and she was starving. She stared at him like she was falling in love. Then she realized her water was empty and looked at her watch.
“Oh! I’ve been here for three hours.”
She appeared embarrassed when she stood up.
“Do you think I could use your bathroom? I had a lot of coffee before I left this morning and that water put me over the edge.”
There it was, the excuse he yearned for. It was that fast, the shift from civil conversation to her barbaric finish.
“Of course,” he said and opened the door, following her inside.
“Down the hall and to your right, you’ll be right there.”
He stood in the kitchen and waited for her. Each freezer in the basement cycled off and then on. He hoped she wouldn’t notice. He should slip back there and slit her gullet with a knife from the butcher block on the kitchen counter. He could drain her blood into the tub and dissect her as well. Easy cleaning. He could play with her, whole or in parts. 
After just a few moments, she returned.
“You have a really cute house,” she said, “I don’t see a television or computer anywhere.”
“I don’t have them. Like I said, someone else’s opinion.”
“And these paintings, the artwork is so unusual,” she said.
“Something I do when I’m not at work.”
“Where do you work?”
“I own a gallery in town. Not much but it pays the light bill. Otherwise, I live off of inheritance,” he said.
She leaned against the counter opposite him. He leaned against the stove and twisted the cap off of his bottle, taking a drink.
“I’d love to own my own business,” she said. “I’m a homemaker. I’ve been living off of alimony for the past couple years.”
“You sell yourself way short. You seem very smart. I think you need to break out and use that to your advantage,” he said.
“I’m trying to do that,” she said looking at the brochure he had laid on the counter.
“Think bigger. There’s already a YMCA, and you said yourself there were several churches. Don’t they have youth programs?”
“I wanted it to be less preachy.”
“But, you’re a devout Christian.”
“But not all of the kids are,” she replied.
There was a moment of silence between them.
“Maybe you aren’t such a robot,” he said.
She looked at him with that same passion in her eyes again. He felt he was saying all the right things. Soon those eyes would be his, to have and to hold inside her lifeless skull.
“I can’t believe that in the past few hours, you’ve managed to obliterate everything I believe in, and here I am still talking to you. How did you do that without making me angry?”
“Good question,” he said.
He fantasized about her fluids draining into the bathtub. The simple way in which a saw removed the arm from the shoulder, the thigh from the hip. The look of a woman’s torso, the cold feel of the dead.
“I don’t get angry. It’s a wasted emotion, and believe me, I’ve spent my whole life having these arguments so I’ve seen every possible reaction. I’ve been beaten and put in the hospital,” he said. “It only proves my point.”
“That’s terrible.”
He smiled at her for the thought, and then silence took over for an uncomfortably long time.
“So, it’s been a great talk. Maybe we could do it again sometime?” he said.
It was his attempt at an exit. People annoyed him and she was the worst kind. Carved out of society’s marble and molded from the hands of politics, religion, and white-bred, middle-class-suburban America.
“Tell me something first,” she said.
Her eyes had gone glassy and there was some desperation in her voice.
“Ok.”
“How do I change? How do I take my life back?”
The question they all asked eventually. It was usually right before they went back to their old comfortable ways. She progressed more quickly, but hit all the same milestones.
“That’s probably not something I can answer. It’s exactly my point, really. You have to figure you out.”
She tapped her fingers and cut her eyes away from him the way a teenager looks when their parents say something they don’t want to hear. Something that hits home. He could tell his calm tone was pissing her off. She was riled and wanted him to be as well. He had long since learned to control his anger. It always surprised him when strangers wanted to argue vehemently with other strangers. They lay in wait like snakes coiled for the strike.
“But you have all these answers. Tell me how to take it back!”
Her breathing increased and she was now visibly anxious. It excited him. Maybe she wasn’t one of the flock. Sheeple he called them. Maybe she had it in her…he couldn’t wait to let it leak out, to bathe in it. He loved her a little. He loved them all a little.
“You have to figure out what you don’t like about your life and you have to deal with it. I can’t answer that for you.”
Her eyes leaked but they were tears of frustration. She walked around the counter that separated them.
“So I shouldn’t be like them, but I can’t be like you?”
She tapped her fingers again on the counter and stopped next to the sink. The drumming noise from her manicured nails irritated him. He continued to lean against the stove and sipped some water from his almost empty bottle. Her tension increased.
“Look, Jennifer, I’m not trying to tell you how to be. I’m saying you should question when anyone tells you how to be.”
Tears streamed from her eyes now. Her face turned a brilliant red and she screamed, and then let out a short, high-pitched grunt followed by a deep breath, and finally with a wavering calm said, “Then you’re no help.”
She pulled a knife from the butcher block on his counter and stared at it momentarily. It was his favorite and had caused many a mess in that very kitchen. In a moment he became certain she was unlike the rest. He smiled. Jennifer, the homemaker, snapped and plunged the blade into his chest using both hands.
“That’s a start,” he gasped as he slid to the floor, maintaining his calm.
She straddled his body and pulled the knife from his chest with a THUCK! She drove it in again, and again … and again. Her chest heaved from the stress and the exertion. The golden pendant swung violently on its chain. 
Jennifer stood to catch her breath. Red spatter covered her skin and clothes like odd chicken-pox. She placed the bloody instrument in his sink and lay down beside his body. Her fingers brushed a loose lock of normally well-groomed hair out of her face while she kissed his cheek. Blood pooled on the linoleum as the freezers cycled, one by one, in the basement.
“Thank you,” she said.

..ooOOoo..

ANTICIPATION

We do harm, even when we don’t realize it.

THEY COME AT THE break of dawn. Horrible men with arsenals of weapons meant to do nothing but destroy and cause pain. We stand here, incarcerated, just waiting our turn. We will not fight back…we never fight back, as ours is a peaceful existence.
I eked out a victory of patience yesterday after watching many of my brothers and sisters fall in this one sided battle. The screams were deafening but the assassins would not hear. Night came and I was still standing, albeit worn from bearing witness to so much violence, death and destruction.
Last night was briskly cold, not that they will care. They shroud themselves in thick coats, lined hats for their heads, sometimes masks which reveal only their eyes and make them so much more horrific. The moon hangs tall in the blue-black sky, cruelly illuminating the gaps where our friends and family members once stood, solemnly awaiting their doom. 
We are each at peace with death. It still doesn’t dull its edge or the anticipation as you draw closer to being next. Next is the most terrible place to be. 
Dew has long settled on the sparse blades of grass in our encampment and the haze dissipates as the sun’s rays make their appearance. It glitters on the horizon with the yellows and oranges of a ripe peach. Such an odd beauty in the given circumstance.
I can hear the low rumble of the trucks that bring our dispatchers. It won’t be long before my sweet release from this life of dread. At least I can take comfort in the fact my suffering will be over and I won’t have to listen to the others writhe in pain, or watch as they go down…one after another.
I see one now. The evil vehicle crests first one hilltop, and then another, slowly approaching and growing larger. More slither behind it like the muscled body of a gargantuan metal python. The scent of diesel exhaust floats on the air and fear burrows deep inside me. I could weep but it would do no good. I will push my thoughts to happier times.
The engines growl and sputter as they park and shut down. All that’s left now is the horribly nonchalant sound of their conversations. They speak loudly as if no one is listening, but we hear them. Bird songs and breeze provide no comfort. 
They’ve come to slaughter us.
A whiff of gasoline and the deafening stutter of the chainsaw mean I’m next. I have stood for over a century dreading this moment. Next. The history I have witnessed is astonishing, comforting as I wait for the blade. Next.
It burns as it slices, carving me from my roots. I feel rushing pain and heat as it stops half way through its deadly swipe. My opponent pries the weapon loose to apply lubricant and I scream, but he doesn’t hear, and only cranks the machine to barking life once again. The blade is successful this time, ending a century-long battle for survival in mere seconds. I fall, landing with a thud only to be stripped of my majestic leaves and branches, to be carved into lengths convenient for loading onto one segment of that snake. 
As they move on to the next, light fades from my vision and in the darkness, I find relief. 


..ooOOoo..

GEOMETRY

I always hated math, but I loved geometry.

IT’S JUST A CORNER. 
An edge. 
A simple piece of geometry. 
It doesn’t do anything but keep straight lines from going straight, and yet, here I sit perplexed by the way today turned out. And there it sits with all of my answers.
Was I paying attention? Yes. I think I was.
I was paying attention. I only ask because it will be the first thing she asks me when she finds me here. It will be something the police will ask as well, but it will be routine for them, maybe the fourth or fifth question down the list. The wife will ask first. I have questions too. Questions that will never find answers. 
I saw the thing scamper off, the…scaly thing. None of that makes sense, though. For now it’s just another question in a very long list. Had I done something to cause this? Had I somehow summoned that thing? Why was I the only witness? 
It would make me ever happier to have the situation shifted. Of course I want them back more than anything, but given they are gone…given that, I need to know what happened more than anything. I wish I could’ve come home to find them missing instead of having watched them go.
How many times had our routine played out like this? 
In the past, I came home from work and picked the children up. They cleaned up their mess and said good bye to their next-door buddies. I thanked my neighbor for her trouble and we all made the short happy trek home where familiar and friendly things awaited us. 
One hundred times? Five hundred times?
This time, I must’ve stood at said neighbor’s door a moment too long exchanging pleasantries, perhaps making weekend plans for a get-together, who knows? I can’t remember what was said anymore.
Everything prior to now is a blur. 
My two girls sprinted from that porch, gleefully stomping boot prints into the fresh snow and I walked the sidewalk route, admittedly longer, but it was shoveled and dry and I was only a few seconds behind them. The abrupt disappearance of their laughter should have clued me in, but maybe the cold breeze across my frozen ears drowned it out. 
I walked to my own driveway and looked up to the porch where they would normally wait asking for the keys and calming the dog’s barks through the metal insulated door.
“Shh, buddy. It’s just us,” they would say. Not that day.
Silence and stillness. The worst kind.
The big garage door was down. Perhaps I’d left it open when I pulled in prior to walking to the neighbor’s house and they closed it as a joke. Toying with dear old dad. Ha ha. Using my key in the dead bolt, I pushed through into the entry and listened—nothing but a dog at my feet wagging his tail, glad for my arrival, hungry for dinner. 
I ran up the stairs looking and listening for them. I was alone. I burst through the door leading from the kitchen to the garage thinking they are still taking off heavy snow boots and scarves and gloves and waterproof pants and jackets but it was barren, save the vehicle I had driven home only minutes ago. 
Had I picked them up in that car, they would be with me right now.
Opening the large bay door with the wall-mount remote, I went back outside. First I searched to my right, in between the houses, looking for a sign. 
There were clearly two sets of footprints, proof they ran from the neighbor’s front door through the fresh blanket of snow and toward the safety of home. Those footprints stopped well shy of our porch, and as I looked about, there weren’t any others aside from my own six steps that I saw on the concrete walkway. 
My hands began to shake which matched the chattering of my teeth. Either their leaping ability landed them on the roof, or they would still be standing there in those last four indentations. I moved back to my left. Around the left side of our house, I found the wooden gate that leads into our small backyard. I crept cautiously, looking for any clue to my girls’ whereabouts. Snow crunched below my shoes. I smelled something wild and gamey.
And there was its tail. 
The tail poked out between the upright post of the fence and the open gate door, gray and scaly. It looked quite out of place on the snow covered ground. There aren’t many scaly vermin of that size in the whole world…many less, I imagine, that are at home in the snow. The tip wriggled back and forth in a cheerful rhythm. It might’ve been four feet long, but I had no way of knowing how far away that tip was from the rest of its body.
Carefully, I approached the gate as not to startle the foreign creature. It was a clumsy thought as it could surely smell the adrenaline laced sweat I was soaking in. I watched as the tail slid into the backyard, pulled by its unknown owner and leaving a trail in the snow. 
It was then, with the greatest concern for my children, I collected enough courage to push the wooden door aside, bunching and piling snow behind it, only far enough to slip myself into the backyard lair of that intruding beast. 
There were flapping sounds—mighty sounds—as if giant wings were beating, and a flurry of frozen powder clouded my view. I felt its shadow over me as I shielded my eyes, but when again I could look, it was gone. Its departure was so swift, I never caught a solid glimpse.
In the snow it left a strange indentation. It reminded me of the angels my girls frequently made in a fresh fallen powder—they had made snow angels that very week—except for the tail, and a perfectly round stain of the deepest scarlet which punctuated the end of my search. 
Still I sit here and wonder what I could have…should have done differently. I dread the choice I now have to make. Do I confess to murders of my own children and go to jail—murders I didn’t commit? Do I bear years of wasted police work to placate the broken heart of my wife who will never forgive me no matter what the outcome? Why should I lie?
I could tell them of the creature that took them. Of the glimpses I took, the flapping wings and the tail that lay there as it…oh God…as it chewed. Do I show them the spot, the snow angel it left behind? No one would believe a word. 
Did I really see it? 
The longer I sit here in the cold, I wonder. Maybe I did kill them in a forgotten fit of rage, here in our backyard. I don’t think so, but for now, I’ll stare at the red snow and think about the corner that obstructed my view.

..ooOOoo..

INGRATE

I love dogs. Every kid should have one…but what if?

IT WAS NOTHING special to look at. Not showy. A breed so mashed up, if you looked long enough, you could see pieces of just about any dog you wanted to look for. He was quiet and medium sized, good traits for a mutt going to a small yard with small kids. He watched us from his cage, oblivious to the chaos going on around him at the Humane Society, and never made a sound. 
Never mind the hordes of children fawning over each animal. Never mind the choosy parents or other dogs losing their barking minds and showing off for a chance to get out, if only for a moment. He was still, patiently taking in the goings-on from his cell. 
The pens were about four feet wide, maybe six feet deep and concrete. At the back was a rectangular hole in the wall with a clear plastic flap that made it look like a tiny warehouse door. This was his escape to an outside pen, half concrete and half grass, for bathroom duties. 
The front of the pen was a chain-link fence, each with a gate for individual access by the volunteer handlers. It looked like jail and I couldn’t help feeling for its inhabitants, wondering if this wouldn’t be the end of the road for many of them. 
The tag on this particular cage said simply, Philip. It was a stupid name for a dog, but as many as go through those walls, it’s either reuse and recycle or just go down the list. Looking at the other tags, I saw Peter, Pauline, Perry and Patton, none of which suited their owners any better. I bet there was a book of baby names at the front desk. In it, each name would have a check mark up to ‘Philip’. When they ran out, they’d start over. 
I looked back at the quiet dog, the one taking it all in and thought how wise this one must be. Of course he was the one the kids flocked to. 
“Look at him. He’s so cute,” they said. “I love him. I want this one Daddy!”
My first thought was that the animal was sick. Listless, he had no personality and his face was somewhat misshapen like he had been kicked in the snout as a pup. There was no other info on his card so I questioned a member of the staff, making sure I was out of the my children’s earshot.
“What’s the story with Philip?” I said.
An elderly woman behind the shelter’s counter paused, searching her memory, and then gave me a smile.
“That one is precious. He’s quiet, might be a little shy, but he’ll warm up as soon as he’s out of that cage. By the looks of those teeth, he’s about a year old.”
She pulled up a file on her computer screen and read it through.
“He’s had all his shots…and is in fine health. Are you looking for a family dog? I saw your two little darlings,” she said. 
“Uh huh,” I said, smiling. “Where’d he come from?”
She adjusted her bifocals and tapped the screen as she read.
“It says here he was brought in two weeks ago. He had a collar, but no tags. We chip all our dogs, so he won’t get lost again.” 
I nodded and glanced back at my girls, making sure they were still preoccupied and hadn’t snuck after me to eavesdrop.
“Sounds good. Anything else I should know?”
“He was found wandering about. Whoever brought him in kept him for a couple weeks to see if an owner would claim him. I guess no one did,” she said.
So Phillip had obviously belonged to someone, an outside pet which ran off and got himself lost, perhaps. 
“Wonder why they didn’t keep him?”
“It doesn’t say, honey. But we’ve had no trouble out of that one.” 
I got lost in thought for a moment when she interrupted.
“Would you like to take him for a walk? You can let the girls play with him for a bit, to see if he’s a good match. He’s a sweetheart.”
I glanced back at the kennel. Both girls were still cooing over him. I nodded at the woman and walked back to where they sat.
“Whatcha doin?” I asked.
They looked up, a wide, hopeful smile on each face.
“We’re guarding the door so no one else takes him. Philip is so cute,” the youngest said.
I looked at the old woman and smiled. The choice had been made.
“You girls want to take him outside and play for a minute?”
Their shrieks could’ve startled a banshee. Even the other dogs stifled their conversations for just a moment before the barking continued, and with renewed vitality. Phillip stood calmly and wagged his tail as if he understood what was going on.
The volunteer opened the pen and took him out on a lead that was little more than a slipknot in a rope and walked him past all the other barking dogs to a fenced- in area outside. He remained silent and unprovoked. In the play area, the girls chased him and petted him and scratched him and Phillip was charming enough. He spent most of the time sniffing, and showed great patience with their groping hands and startling ways. My girls were infatuated. 
He fetched a ball, wagged his tail and licked our hands with gratitude. He was gentle, old enough for some self control, but still with a bit of puppy left. Best of all, he was the right size for our home and backyard. Their minds were made up and so it follows, was mine.
“Daddy, please?” 
It was a chorus of unfair aimed at me. The wife, my usual ally, my partner in saying no and meaning it, had waited in the car. Secretly, I was happy. I felt all kids should have a dog.
 When we got to the car with our slightly used, tail-wagging friend, she sighed audibly to again let me know her vote. They loved him and that was all that really mattered…and Phillip, as far as I could tell, deserved to be rescued. Smiles and giggles softened my wife a bit, and I thought she would come around eventually, but it was going to take some time.
After the adoption fee, a checkup, heartworm pills, flea meds, food, bowls, collar, harness and toys, we were worn out and broke. The kids were beside themselves and wouldn’t let the dog rest.
“I can’t believe we got a puppy,” the little one squealed. 
Her older sister stared at him the entire trip. He panted occasionally and watched out the window but never moved from the seat. Because he was still a stranger, I held him in the car. No sense risking him getting loose, or flipping out while the kids held him. Even if he didn’t bite, his nails could leave some nasty scratches. 
My wife smiled, but was unimpressed. She didn’t really want pets, had made that as clear as distilled water. I could almost hear her thoughts.
Great, another damned thing to take care of. 
It was an ongoing argument. She loved animals, as long as they were in the wild, or in the zoo, or in someone else’s home. It was very clear whose responsibility this animal would be. 

*****

THE FIRST FEW DAYS were magical. Each time he did something remotely dog-like there was a new round of excited screaming from the children. They professed love I didn’t know they could feel. On the other hand, whenever he chewed something up or shit on the floor, my wife reiterated her lack of desire and reminded me of my duties with nothing more than a look. All things considered, I’d say he was a hit out of the ballpark. 
Phillip’s easy temperament remained unchanged and he proved to be excellent with not just our kids, but one by one, little neighborhood friends came by to see what all the fuss was about, and he was a friend to them as well. 
“What’s his name, mister?” one said.
I looked at the girls who looked back at me in anticipation.
“We’re still learning his personality. His name will come.”
They seemed satisfied with that…and no one, aside from me, called him Phillip.
The first few nights were not magical. He cried like a brand new puppy at the prospect of being alone in a bed. We hoped to avoid this by adopting an older dog and gated the master bathroom so he could see us. His howling and barking was amplified by the small room. The sound projected directly to our bed and into my wife’s ears. From there it went from her elbow to my ribcage. When barking didn’t work, he howled, and then he began clawing and biting at the molding around the doorway. Well into the second sleepless night, my wife had suffered enough, and the dog got its way.
“I never wanted the damn dog anyway.” She said.
“Foot of the bed,” I demanded.
“Whatever. As long as he shuts his big yap.”
“My ribs will appreciate it.”
Content with this new arrangement, he chose to curl up at my feet and snored peacefully. 
In the morning, he bounded up and down the length of our bed, hungry and needing to go out. This became our routine. Down the stairs we’d go for his breakfast and a morning walk. Phillip waited for me to lead and seemed like he’d had some training, responding to several verbal commands right away. 
Stubbornness surfaced as he grew comfortable in the surroundings, which was understandable. He challenged anything and everything while learning his boundaries, and he continued to destroy things when we left him alone. A dog door and a backyard fence fixed that, giving him the run of the backyard while we hammered the rules for inside. 
Given the new ability to run on his own, walks were given sparingly as treats and before long, we were a family again, but a family of five instead of four and a dog.

*****

ODD THINGS BEGAN happening. I noticed things about that dog that I didn’t remember about any other dog I had ever been around. He wouldn’t lick your face. What dog doesn’t slather affection on its owner? Especially on grateful children who don’t seem to mind he just finished cleaning his own nether regions with that same tongue. Dogs have quirks like people, but this one was strange. 
We dabbed peanut butter on the little one’s cheek and Phillip declined as if he was stuffed from dinner. No, no. I couldn’t eat another bite, thanks, he seemed to say.
Other habits were normal, stealing socks from the dirty clothes pile, chewing on shoes and trying his best to sneak food off of a snack plate while no one was looking were all spot-on. There was just something wrong about him.
“Does he give you a weird vibe?” I asked my wife.
“Who?”
“The dog?”
“Vibe? No. He stinks. You should bathe him, but no. No vibe.”
She looked at me like I’d cracked, and then looked back at her magazine. I continued to notice things that bothered me about him.
Sitting on the couch with my wife after the kids went to bed, our only alone time, was a particular struggle. He fought for position. He literally paced the floor whining if he couldn’t be between us and only truly relaxed when he was between the two of us. Bedtime was the same way, starting out slow. The dog shifted and wiggled until he was between our feet. Then it was our legs and often, when we woke in the morning, he was between our shoulders. For this reason, and because I liked Star Wars, we named him Wedge. 
If one of us rolled in our sleep, the dog took advantage, always aiming for the middle. The more I became annoyed, the more my wife seemed to warm to the creature. It was a minor annoyance…none of this really bothered me until the night I woke to find him staring.
Dogs don’t stare, not like that. If you look a dog in the eye, it will normally turn away. Every one I’ve ever had did. This dog stared. That night, he sat between us and stared at me with a look like a frightened horse. I have no idea how long he’d been watching me, but when I woke, he didn’t stop. His pupils were huge, illuminated blue-green by the moonlight coming in through the window and I just made out the rim of bloodshot whites. It was creepy, like a madman about to lunge. But he didn’t lunge, he just sat there. 
I sat up, stroked his head, and told him it was ok, told him to lie back down. He didn’t. I picked him up and set him gently at the foot of the bed and told him to stay. Finally, I repositioned myself so the dog couldn’t get back in the middle.
Wedge’s antics continued and his favor of my bride increased. Though she had begun getting somewhat annoyed by my accusations and complaints.
“You’re imagining things,” she said.
“I can’t sleep with him staring at me.”
“I didn’t waaant him,” she sang.
“Thanks.”
I gave up on the argument. She obviously wasn’t going to be swayed into giving a crap. 
The next morning she woke earlier than me and hopped in the shower. The dog moved up to the lay on her pillow. Positioned between me and the bathroom door, he took turns watching me and then her with his uncomfortable gaze. 
He is claiming her and warning me. 
I got ready and left for work.

*****

 AT 5:30, I OPENED the door expecting hugs and wagging tail, but got squat.
“Don’t you find that odd?” I asked my wife, hanging my jacket on a barstool.
“What?” 
“He doesn’t move from the couch when I get home. Maybe something’s wrong with him,” I said.
“He’s fine, honey. He played with the girls for the last hour. He’s just tired. Dogs nap…a lot.”
“Still.”
“Why are you paranoid he doesn’t love you? He’s just a dog.”
He’s just a dog. I’m paranoid, I’m imagining things. I didn’t imagine him leering at me in the middle of the night. I don’t imagine him stealing my seat on the couch or moving towards her when I come to sit back down. There’s no threatening posture or growling, he just puts up with me until I go away. But he plays with the children and loves my spouse. Maybe I did something wrong.
That night in bed, he made his slow patient journey. Normally, I woke with every movement only to put him back at the foot of the bed in a symbolic show of power, but this time, when I roused, he was face to face with me, almost nose to nose and staring with his wild eyes, as if daring me to move him. He had established position and wasn’t giving up.
When I tried to move him, he growled. It was very low so as not to wake her, but I heard it. I was never afraid of a thirty pound dog…not until then. He was gentle and kind with everyone but me, and I fought to bring him home. I scooped him up and lay him at the foot of the bed, growl or no growl. His eyes locked on mine, but he didn’t move, not then.
I had decided to deal with him in the morning. I would go to the Petco and get him a bed of his own. We would live with some sleepless nights until he learned to use it. For now, I would put up with his bullshit and get some shut-eye. I heard a deep sigh from the foot of the bed as I started to drift back off, but I slept. I don’t know how long I slept before something woke me.
Wedge was lying on my chest waiting with those eyes again. I don’t know how long he had been there. His head was turned away from me but his eyes were racked back to look at my face, so far so I could see their bloodshot edges. What reminded me of a frightened horse at first now looked more like anger. 
“What is it, boy?”
He stared.
“It’s ok, boy. Go back to sleep,” I said nervously.
She didn’t move. He came again with the low growl, his thick gasket-like lips curled into a snarl that showed just a hint of tooth.
“Calm down, I’m not gonna move you.” 
I could either put up with him or kill him and I was too tired for the latter. One thing was certain. The animal hated me and it showed in those eyes. My wife’s breathing was steady as she slept and though I wanted to wake her or at least look at her, I couldn’t stop watching him. He shifted his weight and moved his paws, crawling closer until his cold, wet nose touched mine, never losing his intensity. He sniffed my face and the growling stopped.
He nosed around my eyes and then around my mouth. My forehead broke out in a cold frightened sweat while he completed the inspection, and all I could hear was the metered breathing of my spouse who was missing all the fun. I moved to sit up, to end the stupidity, to take the upper hand but he was on me, his eyes in my eyes, his breath in my face. I was paralyzed. Embarrassed by my fear, I felt my cheeks flush. A single tear rolled out of my left eye. 
That tear was his cue. It was what he was waiting for, my complete submission. The dog, or whatever he was, leaned in ever so gently and licked the salty fear-filled drop from my cheek. The first time he had licked any of our faces. I felt hot breath as he did so and smelled a stench of rot and decay, of ancient ruins and war torn battle fields, of hot fresh blood…an odor that was decidedly not dog. 
He licked once more before centering his eyes back on mine. Then he drew in deeply through his nose, hungrily stealing my breath from me. I felt my lungs struggling for air and I tried to gasp for more but was easily outdone by the horrid Wedge. My last rational thought was that he had come home with us this way, that he’d had this agenda from the beginning. 
I cringed in pain as I felt my chest caving in, lungs burning, all while staring into death’s eyes. Those hollow eyes didn’t belong to my family’s pet, but to something else, something ancient and terrifying. As my wife woke up, she looked at me and I risked a look at her, pleading for help, finding none. She, instead softly spoke to the dog as she stroked his head.
“Good boy,” she said.

..ooOOoo..

AMBER ALERT

Do you worry about what you put into your body? You should…and if you really knew, you might move to the woods and start foraging. 

INSPECTORS ACCOUNT FOR things like rat turds, hairs, and insect parts. There are limits to which these items are acceptable. Meat, however, is meat. Anson’s Processing processed, for the most part, beef. Occasionally there would be call for pork or poultry, even venison, but those were custom orders. It was mostly ground beef patties for grocery stores and restaurant chains. In all, Anson’s supplied hundreds of locations in the region and fed well over a million people. Jim Kinser worked there. He didn’t like it much but it was a paycheck. 
There was a running joke at Anson’s: Meat is meat, you are what you eat.
It was posted on a sign that hung over the entrance to the break room—a handmade sign with the letters burned in by a soldering iron. Its craftsmanship was in fact, quite good. The folks who worked there didn’t take kindly to those of the vegan or vegetarian persuasion. Seemed organic food and those vegans might have actually put a kink in the big business of meat packaging. Jim didn’t care. He walked into the break room that morning as always, half asleep and guzzling coffee.
“Morning,” he said unaware if anyone was actually there to speak to.
“Hey, Jim. Good weekend?” said Ray Case, a fat man, good-natured, smart and covered with hair, but his most notable feature was the fat.
“Mmm,” was his reply.
It was positive enough and Ray took it as if he’d said Yep, now don’t bother me, and moved along. Jim took his hard hat and goggles out of a small locker—same one he’d had these past seven years—and while he donned the gear, a flurry of sunshine named Margaret Spinnel whirled into the room. 
“Hey baby! You up for some guts this morning?” she said.
“Hi Mag. No, no more than usual,” he replied. 
Jim was bone thin, and with the hard hat on, folks at the plant said he looked a bit like a mushroom just bustin’ through the soil. Next to Ray, everyone was thin, but Jim was skinny no matter who he stood by.
A few others came through the break room that morning after Margaret, but none had her spunk. They clocked in one by one and each pulled on his own disposable clean-suit and trudged into the plant’s innards to begin the day.
Jim ran a saw that hacked the whole cows into parts, sides of beef and the like—sometimes smaller—depending on the order. It was messy and at the end of the day he stunk, but at least it wasn’t slaughter. Thankfully, that was done elsewhere at another facility north of town. Still, some of the organs were used at Anson’s to make sausages and meat spreads. All the stuff you’d never eat again if you saw it being created. He put on his headphones for some tunes and covered them with ear muffs to drown out the wailing of the saw, and then hit the power switch. His world began to vibrate at 1,750 RPM.
Classical music soothed him as the hooks began to move, bringing slabs of dead animal to Jim’s waiting hands, then to the saw’s waiting teeth and finally off to packing and shipping. That was how Jim Kinser got through to the weekend when he could be with Dana Abernathy, his girlfriend of almost two years.

*****

ON THE OTHER side of town, Dana picked up a file that had been dropped on her desk by the boss, Solomon Harrison, a gruff man with dark brown skin and a shaved head that shone like a polished shoe. MISSING CHILD was printed across a sticky note which clung to the face of it. It caught her by surprise first thing in the morning. She stood and followed Sol as he made his way back toward his office, the only one in the building with a door on it.
“What? Whose?” she asked.
“That’d be baby Edison. Little girl,” he said.
“They just had that baby, Sol. How long has it been gone?”
“Read the file. Everything I know is in there. Or would you prefer I investigated this myself?” he asked, scowl intact.
“No. It’s just shocking isn’t it—two in the same summer?”
“Shock sells, girl. Small town reporters and small town cops have the best job in the world when it’s good news, the worst when it’s bad.”
Another baby, six months old, had disappeared five weeks prior. The case was still open and the kid was still missing.
Dana leafed through the scant file. It listed the missing girl as Lily Edison, born January seventh of that same year. Paper-clipped to the police report was a photograph of a baby, an adorable little girl, but there was nothing distinguishing about her. Thin wispy hair and blue eyes made her look angelic, and just like every other baby in existence. There was a note on the file that said the parents requested help from the press. There were a few handwritten quotes from the police.
“We just want our Lily back at home, safe, where she will be loved,” one said.
 Dana’s eyes filled with tears that spilled onto the page as her heart broke.
“Sol, I’m going to talk to the parents,” she said peeking in his door.
He was still scowling. It was his best expression.
“Hey, Dana, be…tactful,” he said.
“Someone around her has to be.”
He almost smiled. It was the closest thing to a compliment she’d ever received from him. She left the file but took the photo and got into her tiny hybrid to leave. More tears came on the drive. 

*****

IT TOOK LESS than five minutes to get to the Edison home. There was nothing to indicate a tragedy, not even a single piece of yellow police tape on the property. The house looked quite happy if that was possible. She supposed the investigation was complete. Forensics was a two-dollar word in that part of the country and unless state police were brought into the mix it was likely nothing would happen. 
Maybe two missing children will get someone’s attention.
She parked her car and took a deep breath before opening the door. Cautiously, Dana walked up the steps to meet the little girl’s mother, Jeannie Edison, who must have seen her coming as she was standing on her front steps. Dana was completely unsure of what to say. 
“I’m so sorry,” was what came out of her mouth. 
Jeannie Edison stood there smiling. Her eyes were deep blue from crying. The two didn’t know each other well, but living in a small town, each knew of the other.
“Don’t be sorry yet, honey. Our girl is fine. I can feel it,” she said.
“You’re right,” Dana said wiping a tear. “I’m sure she is.”
“Come on in.”
Jeannie led her through the front hall into the kitchen and offered her a seat at their breakfast table. 
“I have coffee.”
“Oh, no. Not right yet anyway,” Dana said.
“I’m gonna have some. I didn’t sleep much last night,” Jeannie said and her look was distant but the smile remained.
That’s right, girl. Stay positive.
“The police were here late last night. Don’t know if they found anything, least they didn’t say they had.”
“I’m sure something will turn up,” Dana said and put a hand on Jeannie’s wrist. “Did y’all take Lily anywhere yesterday?”
“No. We went to bed night before last and when we woke up, she ’as gone. Nothin’ else was touched.”
“No locks left unlocked? No broken windows?”
“Hon, we live in the sticks. Nearest neighbor is two miles east. I don’t know if we ever made it a point to lock up. Sounds stupid right now I s’pose.”
 “No ma’am. Don’t you be ashamed for trusting. You couldn’t have known this would happen.”
They sat silent for a moment. The quiet was finally broken by the sound of Jeannie sipping coffee.
“Where’s your husband?” Dana asked.
“Frank? He’s out looking for her. He’s been gone all night,” Jeannie said. “Soon as the sheriff’s deputy left. I’m stayin’ home in case the phone rings.” 
“Does Lily have her own bedroom?”
Jeannie nodded.
“Mind if I take a look?”
“I don’t mind.”

*****

JIM WALKED BACK to the break room after scrubbing his helmet and goggles and dumping his paper coveralls into the bin for incineration. He punched the clock and left with a skip in his step. 
“Nothing like clocking out, eh fellas?” he said to Ray and some others.
“Maybe for you,” said Ray, “I gotta go home to the wife.”
Ray’s wife was his equal in girth, but what she had in waistband, she lacked in personality…the fat and jolly cliché passed her by completely. Everyone gave a half-hearted laugh at Ray’s expense and continued on their paths like worker bees. Jim pulled his cell phone from his jeans pocket and made his ritual call to Dana to plan their dinner. He got in his truck as the phone rang.
“Hello?” She said.
“Hi. It’s Jim.”
“Hey, baby. I guess it is about that time, huh? Where to eat tonight?” she asked.
“Diner?”
“Fine with me, see you there in a few minutes.”
“You ok?” he asked, noticing the unusual rhythm in her voice.
“It’s just been a long day. We’ll talk at the diner.”
“K, love you.” 
“I love you too,” she replied and hung up.
He smiled as he stuffed the cheap Motorola in his shirt pocket and put the truck in gear. 

*****

HER CAR WAS there when he pulled up which meant she’d been in town for work. When she left from the office, he always beat her to dinner. Jim bounced up the three wooden steps to the old diner and pushed the door open causing a familiar bell to jingle.
“Hello sweetness,” said Ellen, the owner and waitress. “Dana’s right over there.”
“Hey Ellen,” Jim said.
He ordered a glass of water and a club sandwich, one of the few things on the menu which didn’t contain something that had come through Anson’s. He couldn’t stomach a lot of meat after working there. Dana made him promise he would never tell her what went on inside those walls.
“What made today so long and terrible?” he asked her and grasped her hands in his.
“Missing child,” she said curtly.
“Another one?”
She nodded.
“Little Edison baby. I went to see them today. Husband wasn’t home, but Jeannie was there. She’s a wreck.”
“That would explain why I haven’t seen her at work the past couple days. Police know anything?” Jim asked.
“Only that the kid isn’t at home with her momma.”
“Clever, aren’t they?”
She cracked a faint smile.
“Where’s her husband?” Jim asked.
“She said he’d been out looking for their little girl ever since the police left their house. Those poor folks. I can’t fathom what it must be like,” she said and teared up again.
“It’ll work out, Dana. That kid’ll turn up.”
She smiled at his kindness, but he knew it was an empty statement. 
“I talked to a few others out that way but no one saw or heard anything aside from a car or two driving by, nothing abnormal. They’re so secluded out there, Jim. Jeannie said they don’t even lock their doors most nights.”
“Probably will from now on,” Jim said.
“I imagine so.”

*****

WHEN THE NEXT morning came, Jim went to work and Dana went to the police. They had no new answers, nothing that differed from her notes or her conversation with Jeannie Edison so she asked to see the file from the other missing child. 
“There might be a connection, Sheriff. You see any similarities?” she asked.
“Nothing other than the age of the victim. Other baby was a little boy. He went missing from his grandmother’s house while the family was in town visiting. There was no sign of a break in or anything else out of place,” Sheriff Roger Wilton said. “That baby was there one minute, gone the next.”
“What about other missing children in the area? The state?”
“I found one other missing baby from about a year ago. And last October Rodney Hankins disappeared, remember that?”
“I do, but he was a teenager. You think they’re all related?”
“Shit, who knows, Dana? No one locks their doors around here… Hell, everybody’s related. You never know what might be goin’ on.”
The sheriff scratched his forehead and stood up.
“You’re welcome to reports on all of them if you like. You might see something we missed. It’s a small staff around here. I need to get back over to see Jeannie Edison and let her know we’re still lookin’. Peg will get you those copies.”
Dana thanked him and started back up front. She paused.
“Hey, Sheriff? Have you seen Frank Edison since you were last over there?”
“No. Didn’t see him that night either. Jeannie said he’d been out lookin’ for the baby all day. I was hoping to catch him when I got over there,” he said. 
Dana considered the information and the sheriff excused himself.
“Take care.”
“Thanks, you too,” Dana said.
She picked up the reports from Peg who sat at the front desk. Then she sat down right there in the lobby of the sheriff station to look through them. Aside from location, there was nothing to tie the three together and no witnesses, just a missing teenager and three babies gone without a single hair out of place.
She took out a notepad and scribbled:
Jeannie Edison said her husband, Frank, left to look for Lily after the police left. Sheriff Wilton said he was already out looking for the baby and that he hoped to catch up with him this morning.
She decided to follow Sheriff Wilton back to the Edison’s home. Frank was the only one left who she really needed to talk to. She looked at her watch to see it was 8:07am. She pulled out her cell phone to call Jim. He would be just getting to work for the day. 
“Hey, Dana. Somethin’ wrong?” he said.
“No, just wanted to run something by you.”
“What’s that?”
“I think Frank Edison made off with their baby. Jeannie may be in denial about it, poor thing. She told me he was there and left after the police investigation. But the sheriff said he was never there.”
“Sounds reasonable. You goin’ to check in on them?” Jim asked.
“Sheriff is on his way over now. I thought I’d tag along,” she said.
“Take care, babe.”
“Love you,” she said, and she folded the phone and stuck it in her purse. She was already driving.

*****
DANA PARKED THE little hybrid next to the large police cruiser. She got out just in time to see the sheriff knock on the door. Jeannie peeked out before she opened the door to let the man in. In the process she saw Dana and waved her up as well.
Jeannie’s demeanor was calm, but it was obvious she had been crying again. Dana put a hand on her shoulder and they walked to the kitchen where the three of them sat around the same small table. An empty high chair sat in the corner.
“Coffee?” Jeannie said.
“Yes please,” Dana and Sheriff Wilton replied.
“Jeannie, I wanted to check on you and tell you that we’re doing everything we can to find your daughter,” he began, “but I don’t have any news.”
She smiled at him and continued to pour coffee in two mugs and place them on the table. She poured a third for herself.
“Frank will find her,” she said after a sip.
“Is he around?” said the sheriff.
“He’s looking for Lily,” she answered.
“He’s still looking for her? Has he been home?” Dana interrupted.
The sheriff eyed Dana and held a hand up letting her know he intended to control the interview. Dana nodded in agreement.
“No. I haven’t seen him since that morning.”
“Since the morning she went missing?” asked the sheriff.
“Yes,” Jeannie said.
“He hasn’t been home yet? Has he called?” 
“No. He won’t call until he finds her,” she said. 
Jeannie’s eyes glazed over as if she was seeing into another dimension. A smile spread across her lips, but her eyes stayed wherever they were. Dana sipped her coffee and felt uneasy.
“Do you know where he went to look for her?” he asked.
Jeannie snapped out of her trance and looked at him. Any expression that might have been there melted.
“I suspect he went to the freezer. That’s where I put her,” she said.
Warmth, or something like embarrassment came over Dana and she set her coffee mug down, suddenly afraid of it. Her flesh crawled.
“You put who in the freezer?” she said.
“Lily,” Jeannie replied without blinking. “I had to. To pay for the others. It was God’s wish.”
“Others?” Dana said.
“The babies. Oh, and that boy from last fall,” she said, nodding.
“Rodney?” Dana asked.
“Rodney, yes. He saw me with the first baby—what I’d done with it. So I took him to the freezer.”
“Is Lily in the freezer now?” the sheriff asked.
“No. She’s already gone.”
“Where has she gone?” he said.
“Anson’s. That’s where they all end up. Meat is meat, you are what you eat!” she said. 
Her words had a sing-song quality, punctuated by an odd giggle. Dana went pale and the sheriff wasn’t far behind her in putting the pieces together.
How the hell could the police not have searched the premises? Who looks in the freezer for a crying woman’s missing baby?
Fortunately or unfortunately, they just didn’t get much practice at that type of investigation.
“Jeannie, I’m going to ask you to come with me so we can take a look at that freezer. Is it out in the garage?”
“Yes. I expect Frank can show it to you. He’s probably still out there,” she said as calm as if she were talking about the weather.
Dana and the sherrif eyed each other again. This time the look was more I saw that coming than shock. Sheriff Wilton stood slowly and took Jeannie by the arm. She didn’t resist. He pulled his handcuffs and clasped her wrists behind her back. A tear fell from her eye but her blank smile stayed in place.
“I thought I couldn’t have babies,” she said, “so I took one. But it wasn’t mine. Guilt made me kill it. But then I took another one.”
“Shh,” the sheriff said, “We’ll talk at my office. First, I need you to show me where Frank is and show me that freezer.”
He led Jeannie out of her home and to the cruiser where he placed her in the backseat and locked the door. Once she was secured in the car, the sheriff walked to the garage and lifted the door by the handle as there was no powered opener. Inside he found Frank’s car and some yard tools. Dana followed. In the back was a deep freezer with bloody handprints on it. They both knew what was inside.

*****

The police report stated Jeannie had taken three infants. Rodney Hankins, in the wrong place at the wrong time, saw her with one of them and she killed him as well. She said that her guilt over the deaths was too much and she prayed day and night about it. After her pregnancy, she prayed even more. God, she said, told her to give her baby in penance for her actions. Frank found her in the garage with the child and tried to stop her. She had been drugging his dinner so he would sleep peacefully at night while she performed her awful tasks but that night he hadn’t slept. She took a shovel from the wall and lodged it in his head. 
The bodies were frozen in her deep freezer. Once solid, she sawed them into parts and piece by piece, she took them to Anson’s and tossed them into the grinder. Where it went from there was as easy to trace as the delivery logs. Over a million people ate what Anson’s produced.
Dana didn’t write about the story and Sol Harrison didn’t complain for once. The police report was filed as confidential. The only person other than Peg, Dana, Sol and the Sheriff to see it was the Foreman over at Anson’s. 
He committed suicide two days later. 

..ooOOoo..

MY MIND’S EYE

I am you.

I HATE. I am hatred. I freely admit this. I have never been truly happy and it pains me. Deep in my being something throbs unmercifully with this disease. It’s like a cancer that sits inside your guts and turns them black. It grows until it consumes you. It can make a person do terrible things. I don’t think I have it in me to do the deeds I see in my mind’s eye, but oh, what magical deeds they are. 
Is this an illness that a prescription might cure? Or some simple therapy? Would being asked probing questions about my feelings eventually lead me not to feel them anymore? No, likely they would lead to the demise of said therapist, if only in my head where so many lay dead and broken by the daydream version of me. That version is fierce…and unrelenting…and knows neither hesitation nor remorse for the things he does. He lives only to serve the beast that paces, agrily in my belly, paces that take us further and further from control. 
Every day the rubber band—the only safety net for the public that surrounds me—is pulled a little tighter. I wait for it to snap from either reaching its potential or because it’s rotted over time by a constant barrage of the ignorant things that happen whenever and wherever people gather.
On a daily basis, I paint beautiful visages of shiny, crimson-spattered revenge using a palette made of those I despise. The bloated, self-absorbed armchair politicians. Those who argue wielding facts not self-discovered, but forced upon them. Those without the testicular—or ovarian—fortitude to make informed decisions on their own. I would destroy those who seek only the information they want to find and call it truth to make room for those who seek the truth first, and call it information.
Spouters of numbers as gospel could simply become one of their own trusted statistics and I would be no more or less satisfied. 
I hate the cruel, though this may seem hypocritical given my recent admissions. I fantasize about returning their favors tenfold, and with glee. Though I claim rights to lay waste to people based upon my judgment, I hate the racist, the homophobe and those who have decided there is nothing new under the sun. Their decisions will never change. 
I abhor a closed mind and I welcome its suffering.
There’s a man in my office who spends his days building one brick wall after the other. He makes a comfortable living by describing only the reasons why simple requests can’t be accommodated, only providing opposition to progress, never solutions. He merely presents all the ways it will fail. This makes me sad. 
It also saddens me that in reality, I would be given only one chance to make art with his innards. Only one stroke of the brush would be allowed because it is perishable. Each of my displays is complete in and of itself, never to be created again. As we are each unique, so shall be our demise. This is why I dream of carving roses of flesh from his skin, creating beauty where there was only ugliness and filth. To date, I only dream. In dreams, I can recreate the masterwork over and again, until it is perfect. 
I am a perfectionist. 
I envision cutting out that tongue which only brings bad news and carving a pleasant smile on his face and stitching the eyelids wide open in a grotesque and gleaming grin. I would begin by breaking each finger. Snap-snap-snap-snap-snap.
The luscious screams of agony—curses—without a tongue. Their true message, a symphony of joy.
Only then would the emails and memos from this human barricade cease. That would be a grand start, freeing me to take my time savoring the gurgling pleas for mercy. I wouldn’t stop just as he wouldn’t help.
You see, one has to apply torture in the proper order with the proper technique or the quarry will pass out, or worse—bleed out and expire too soon. This will not do. It must last. The pain he has caused assistance deserves to be paid back. 
I cannot make this vision reality of course, as someone would hear me working and put a stop to it. The office is too busy a place for my rubber band to break and would never allow me the time to finish my work, not if I am to give it the care it needs. I would end up unfulfilled.

*****

IS IT WRONG OF me to listen to ranting from a man who speaks ill of entire races? People he has never met, cultures he has only experienced through the hatespeech of others? He claims tolerance due to experience. Verbal vomit. What good can I do? Arguing seldom changes the mind of the ignorant fool. It merely adds to their opposition. A more tactful and understanding soul might bring his thinking around. Someone patient. Someone with pure thoughts. 
Someone…not me. 
I abhor him as he refuses to see the lovely things in this world, things which differ from comfortable claustrophobic views. He needs reminding of how ignorant he is. This man needs a lesson. I have a curriculum that will open his mind and close his mouth permanently. I will wait for him to open that gaping hole in his face with the next uninformed rambling. I will enjoy my next beautiful dream, and in that dream I will fill that hole with the closest blunt object, spraying fragments of teeth about the room. I will continue applying punishment in thick layers until said object reaches daylight on the other side of his head.
But wait…Maybe you are as closed-minded as he is? If so, stop reading because you won’t learn. You will be repulsed by my artwork, never understanding its depth. Not beholding it for what it is…and one day, maybe you will become art, created by someone like me.
In my head, he passed the test, educated, his mind now wide open. There is still the problem of the tongue, a tough muscle to remove, but like mother always said, anything worth doing, is worth doing with a rusty box-cutter. I’m paraphrasing of course.
There he lies with his tongue removed and a giant hole in his head, a hole larger than the mouth I used for its template. Almost peaceful. Through shattered teeth, a dislocated jaw and other unrecognizable viscera you can now see light, the light which would not dawn. I take a mental image and close my eyes to savor the work as long as possible. 
Red rivulets roll down his chin, neck and chest. The resulting blooms on his white shirt are hypnotic. I know his heart still beats because liquid still pumps from the wound where his tongue used to be. He will suffocate before he bleeds to death, feeling nothing because severed spinal cord. A vibrant scene. I wish it was real, but when I open my eyes again, it is gone and he is still there, alive and well, fouling my air.

*****

A woman doesn’t understand why she earns no respect. She cries to friends about failed relationships, and I listen. Everyone listens. Many sympathize on the outside, but I see eyes rolling. I hear the whispers at her expense. I smell the contempt. 
She doesn’t cares as bad attention is after all, attention. This woman offers her charms to men night after night. She doesn’t ask for money and she doesn’t enjoy it, her self esteem lowered due to a misunderstanding of life. She sees no worth in herself and neither do the men who succumb to her advances. 
Exposed cleavage, heavy makeup and light, ill-fitting clothing accentuate her shape and draw him in. A matter of minutes, perhaps hours until the alcohol allows him to thrust himself inside her every orifice, filling the void she feels temporarily, making her feel needed and beautiful if only for a sweaty moment. I have not painted her scene yet because there is a hint of compassion that I feel. Still, I sketch out the details. I will make her a masterpiece. I will make her beautiful and I will love her violently. Until death do us part. 

*****

THESE THOUGHTS MAKE me happy. On the surface, I seem like a happy man. You might find the smile currently on my face eerie given what you’ve read…but in public, out in the real world, you can’t hear my thoughts. This fact allows me to live next door and work in the same office. I am at the mall where you shop, in your church, living next door or down the street. I teach your children, babysit them and I examine your when they are sick. You vote me into office and watch me on television. I deliver you mail. I am behind you, next to you, and across the street.
Do you, dear reader, hold me in contempt for these thoughts? Or deep down, do you love me just a little for having them…relish them a bit, because you have similar demons? Will you worry when you look into my eyes knowing of my visions? Am I painting your portrait in beautiful reds? 
For the moment, the rubber band is taught but has room to stretch. The beast is full, fed adequately by the barbaric painter who is its keeper…but he will soon hunger.

..ooOOoo..

THE WRONG PLACE

Do you remember your first time? Of course you do. We all remember our first time. A magical, wonderful memory that played out exactly as we’d hoped. Right?

 SO THIS IS where it happens.
 The scent overpowers, consisting of shit, coffee and alcohol flavored piss, air freshener, hand sanitizer, and the cheap pink soap that seems to be in every public restroom. If I breathed deeply enough I could detect hints of sweat, bad breath and a multitude of colognes. 
It’s not much to look at, this room—shiny, contractor-grade ceramic tile in white with navy blue and hunter green stripes running just above the sinks, nothing striking. Utilitarian mirrors, toilets, stall doors, fixtures… how dire. The place hasn’t been cleaned in weeks. Maybe they come in and pick up the trash, wipe the sinks, but never really clean. A little steam and a gallon of bleach, then a coat of paint and this might be usable, but it will never be acceptable. 
I had envisioned a romantic atmosphere when I chose this path, something dark and older—less… janitorial, and much less offensive to the olfactory sense. I envisioned Paris. This had all the charm of a toaster, somewhat contemporary, completely functional and inoffensive, aside from the smell, to just about everyone. There’s no class, nothing memorable and every ounce of my being screams that this will not do, but when opportunity knocks you should answer lest you shall regret it always. 
Here we would meet for the first time. I admit this: The thought of unexpected reactions excites me. This place...not where anyone would choose to die...This place will provoke such reactions and I will use my newfound reflexes, my new abilities to experience a most amazing moment, my moment, for the first time. A short kiss, just enough to raise my heart rate, just long enough to silence my prey before the fun begins. 
Inspection. 
Is she worthy? Perfection is the only acceptable criteria. The rest would be discarded as so much refuse. She must be uncommonly good—as bountiful a feast for the eyes as I am. I won’t eat wild animals so why should my standards for human meat be any lower? Sometimes I catch myself staring in the mirror at myself. She must equal me as I am now beauty. What was once lost, now is found. I have strength, poise, clear skin, vitality and something else that was not there before—danger. I was unseen by most, now I will be unseen by choice.
There is one down side which I can’t seem to shake. My hunger controls me, taking my dignity until I might master it. For now, it is necessary to follow my task through to the end. I understand this condition is only temporary, and in years to come it will fade. As for now…wait… someone is through the door. 
Her perfume precedes the cigarette smoke that billows in behind her. She is lovely. Tanned skin, blue eyes and the palest of hair, she is tall and well dressed and looks at me in a friendly sort of way. I eye her like a predatory cat and move in quickly face to face and give her a quick sniff. Her smell is pleasing and she gives me a look of approval, so I kiss her deeply, hands on her cheeks thrusting my tongue into her beautiful mouth—staring deeply into her eyes. She looks back in shock, but that melts into amusement, then excitement. The kiss tastes like whiskey…and ash. 
Damn. 
This one is flawed and simply will not do. Not for my first. I release my embrace and push her off, disgusted with my weakness. I should’ve known, should have sensed. Her fuck you stare lands upon me for a moment, and then she continues into the stall to finish her business. A brief moment and one annoying flush later she exits. I wash her filth from my hands with the institutional pink soap.
She says “If you change your mind, I’ll be here all night,” and leaves with a look that is part embarrassment, part want. 
I don’t look up. I must take greater care. The quarry provided by this hole will undoubtedly average in the unsavory, and I question my chosen hunting ground. But it must be tonight. Tonight has that cool calm that I need, my mental state is sharp and my eyes and head are clear. This is it. This has to be it. 
When I was taken, it was quick and sticky in the alley behind this very club. She was respectful and as choosy as I am. I should’ve left town after that. Should’ve known better than to stay here, in a place I so hated. In fact, had I known then what I know now, I would’ve been looking for the trouble that found me…would’ve gladly started earlier.
The night is perfect, but this is the wrong place.
As I dry my hands to leave—relieved to exit, the door swings again. The same waft of cigarette smoke makes me feel ill. No perfume this time, just shampoo and lotions, a very clean smell. A vision this time, something spectacular, exotic. Better the other, this one is simply breathtaking. She is possibly mid twenties, maybe as old as thirty—it’s difficult to tell in the dim and jumpy fluorescent lighting. She has stunning green eyes which are not contacts, smooth, olive skin and crazy raven-black hair. She is muscular without a hint of masculinity and would have intimidated the former me. She could be like me, a creature like me, if only her blood didn’t smell so strong…so alive. She glances at me and I flash a smile, a look she reciprocates. Her smile is genuine, not catty or at all flirty.
I approach with less daring. My heart races slightly and I stare into her eyes. Something flashes in them, fear or perhaps energy of another sort. She turns, squaring her shoulders to mine. I move in closer and she does not back away. A fight perhaps? Maybe she will struggle. 
“I’m here with someone,” she says.
An odd admission. I move closer. She stands her ground, only glancing at the door. I gain another inch, inhaling her. She pleases me. 
“Maybe another night?” she says.
“It has to be tonight,” I reply.
Her hands go up in a gesture of fear, holding me off. I grasp her by the shoulders and press my lips to hers, my tongue probing. She is not receptive at first, but relaxes in time, taken in by my own scent. I remember the hypnotic quality my taker’s scent had over me. 
Her clothes and hair are sexy and tasteful and her body is well tended to. I shove her into one of the stalls and open her blouse as she unbuttons mine. I stop her.
“You first,” I say.
She agrees and finished the job on her own, hanging the garment from a hook on the back of the stall door. I feel something like heat build inside me, but I am cold. Her body is firm. Mine is firmer. Her skin is smooth, not a blemish to be found. 
She is the one. 
I look into her eyes and allow my hands to wander, to feel her. She is warm, relaxed, and is now enjoying my advances, reciprocating them. My hunger grows, like an orgasm on the verge of spilling over…the only path to release lies in her spilled blood. Hands, lips, tongues, grinding bodies, erect nipples, hot breath. I am spinning, losing control.
I kiss her neck, first one side, then the other. My hands grope and she moans ever so lightly her hips buck against me.
Now she is mine. 
Once more my lips are on her neck. I sense the warmest place and bite hard. She gasps once, more with ecstasy than pain and as I suckle the hot blood from the open wound, she convulses with violent pleasure, her body vibrates for the duration, her fingers grip my back, my buttocks and then everything about her goes limp. 
Satisfied, I prop her body up on the toilet and listen for any witnesses. With one last look at her flawless corpse, I leave her. I don’t know her name. Someone does. Some poor soul on the other side of that door will be heartbroken and alone this evening and they will miss out on my magnificent specimen. My first. 
I look in the mirror and wipe a tiny drop of blood from the corner of my mouth. I check my makeup. There is a pink tinge to my cheeks and a sparkling quality to my eyes that wasn’t there moments ago. I smooth my outfit, adjust my cleavage and straighten my skirt before making my way out of the restroom into the sparsely populated club. The wild rush of adrenaline from my first meal as part of the undead fills me. My senses, however, are not dulled but refined.
There I spot my whiskey flavored friend at the bar ordering another drink. As I come to her I stop and brush my hand along her cheek and look at her with a smile. She follows me out the door. I’ve dined on perfection. Now, I want something sinful.

..ooOOoo..

NEVER JUDGE A BOOK

Sometimes, you’re having a really good day, and then something screws it up. Maybe many things screw it up. This is one of those days, but like the title says, never judge a book…

If you squinted, you could look directly into the gleaming white grin on Jack’s face. It radiated like the sun at noon. He untucked his shirt and pulled the fabric up to his nose to breathe in the scent of Heather’s perfume. He’d only just held her…just kissed her for the first time. What a kiss. What a date. 
It was two o’clock in the morning and he was in love and it showed in his every action. Jack all but skipped down the concrete path that led from her front porch to the mailbox and finally, to the sidewalk. He turned and walked south towards home, eleven blocks away. Jack walked, completely unaware something was watching him. Something hideous and hungry shadowed his every step. The crunch of dry leaves under its stalking foot caught Jack’s attention. He paused, raising one eyebrow. 
“Hello?” he said.
He turned this way and that, seeking the source of the sound and was still smiled like a goof.
“Must be my imagination. I’m in love, Crunchy Sound, and you can’t screw that up. Not tonight!”
Jack continued along, following a guardrail on his left. It shielded him from the ravine looming on the other side. He looked at the houses on his right, some with lights on, some already shut down for the evening. With each home he passed, the stranger got closer. The sound of its heavy breathing filled Jack’s ear and once again he stopped. His smile faded.
“Hello?” he said. “This isn’t funny. Who’s there?” 
Nothing.
“Hellooo,” he sang with no response.
He walked a few more paces. The sound of the other footsteps hid within his own.
“Who the hell is that?” he shouted.
A low rumbling growl answered him from a patch of shrubs on the opposite side of the road. Jack peered into the darkness and saw nothing. He quickened his pace. At once the bushes rustled and a large shadow burst through. It howled a warlike cry and rushed toward him, muscles and fur.
Half-man and half-wolf, it closed the forty-foot gap in less than one second. Jack was frozen in place and screamed like a child. The wolf-man leaped, teeth bared, foamy drool running off of its lower jaw. Just before impact, Jack dropped to the ground squealing. The creature missed him in mid flight, but caught one trailing paw on the guardrail before plunging, tail over bitey-end, down into the ravine, landing with a pronounced thud. 
Jack gathered his strewn wits and peered over the rail into the darkness. He didn’t hear anything and wasn’t about to wait around for the monster to climb back up if it wasn’t dead. He stood and hurried to the other side of the road feeling safer next to the suburban homes. 
“Are you all right?” an anonymous voice said. 
Jack saw the silhouette of someone in the upstairs window of the closest house.
“Yeah. I’m fine,” he said.
“Whoa! You’re a dude? You sounded like a little girl. What a bitch,” the voice said just before slamming the window.
Jack stood, embarrassed, and wanted to reply, wanted desperately to defend his honor as a man, but that voice had been right. He’d bitched out. He’d cowered. Of course, it was a huge, hulking monster, wasn’t it? He hadn’t seen clearly, didn’t really look now that he thought about it. He had ducked to the ground for what might have been no more than a dog. 
That shadow didn’t look like a dog.
 He walked, giving one last look to that upstairs window. His pace notably faster, Jack intended to clear the last eight blocks in record time, but without running. He kept his head down, and in the light from the street lamps, he saw the joints in the concrete and counted them to occupy his mind. 
A dull scraping sound caught his attention and brought his focus back to reality. Looking up, he noticed a person wheeling a large trash barrel from the corner of their driveway. Jack breathed a sigh of relief at the sight of another obviously human soul.
“Evening,” he said as he approached. “Great night for a walk.”
The man in shadow settled his load and looked in Jack’s direction. “It certainly is.” 
He leaned an elbow on his trash barrel and watched Jack approach. Jack took one last look over his shoulder as he entered the driveway.
“Since you’re out here, think you might give me a hand? I’m an old man, and I’m havin’ a hell of a time with this.”
Jack considered the man for a second. He was slight of build and older. His hands shook with frailty and he was out of breath as he spoke. He’d hardly moved the barrel ten feet.
 Why would he be rolling a full can back into the house? 
“I heard some animal noises out here, just minutes ago. Thought maybe coyotes were out again. I didn’t want them tearing my trash up. Those buggers made a terrible mess some weeks ago. Thought I’d put it back in the garage and roll it back out in the morning,” he said.
“Ah. Good idea,” Jack said.
“Yeah. Didn’t figure on gravity when I decided to pull it back up the hill. Other way is s’much easier.”
Jack nodded, and the old man’s eyes turned wildin the light of the street lamp.
“You hear anything?” he asked. 
Jack had no intention of regaling the public with his werewolf tale. Nor did he want to end up in a straight jacket.
“No,” Jack said.
Rather than explaining any further, he tipped the old guy’s barrel onto its wheels and pulled it up the driveway towards an open garage door.
“What brings you out tonight? I ain’t seen you around before,” the man said, keeping one eye trained on the rolling can.
“First date. With your neighbor, just down the road there.”
The older man cracked a smile and nodded.
“You mean Heather? Such a sweet girl. Have you known her long?”
Jack grinned, love back in his heart and his eyes. His cheeks warmed with redness.
“We work in the same building. Have for a while.”
As they passed from the dark night sky into the fluorescent lamps of the garage the older man appeared pasty white with sunken black eyes. His skin looked moist and the grin on his face was made of receded gums and long stalks of brown teeth. Jack felt his flesh crawl.
“Can you just roll that over there, by the water heater? I do thank you for the trouble.”
“Sure thing,” Jack said.
A loud crash at his back caused him to spin around to see the man had yanked the safety pull and slammed the large garage door to the ground. 
“What the hell are you doing?” Jack yelled.
“I’m worried for you. I don’t know what you heard or saw out here.”
Jack’s brow furrowed, his eyes crazed and large.
“I told you. I didn’t see anything.”
The old man cocked his head and his mouth spread into an eerie grin.
“I’m not sure I can let you leave,” he said.
The red rims of the man’s eyes stood out in the pale light. Jack reached in his pocket and grabbed for his cell phone. 
“Can’t let me leave? What the hell does that mean?” Jack asked nervously.
“You might have heard something. Maybe you know something,” he said with his lips drawn back, revealing those awful teeth.
Jack gripped his phone, pulled it from his pocket and dialed 911 while the crazy man watched.
“What could I know? What are you talking about?”
“For starters, maybe you know what’s in that trash bin,” he said.
Jack thought about the weight of the barrel and felt queasy as he considered its possible contents. The creepy old man continued.
“I haven’t my work. I can’t go to prison. They’ll never let me out to finish my work.”
“Work?” Jack said.
He had achieved full panic…and in his panic, he noticed the blood. It stained the man’s pants leg in long smears, as if he’d wiped it off his hands the way a kid wipes dirt or food on their jeans. Jack eyed his cell phone, hearing a faint voice say, “9-1-1. What’s your emergency?”
The old man heard it too. He reached into his pocket and pulled a large folding knife from within the fabric.
“Give me that phone, boy.”
Jack ran to the door that led into the house and exploded through it into an utility room. The smell of rot overcame him and he had to cover his mouth and nose so he could breathe without puking. He kicked the next door open.
“911 operator. What’s your emergency?” the operator repeated. 
It sounded as if it was coming from another world. Jack stumbled into the kitchen which was brightly lit and smeared with red older, brown streaks. Chunks of flesh and organ dotted the counters and the floor. Jack’s shoes slid in the mess-covered linoleum. Hacksaws and other bladed implements lined the counter and the small dining table. Something on the stove bubbled and boiled, filling the air with the stench of cooked meat.
The man with the knife lumbered behind him, clumsily slashing the blade in the air. Then, as if by luck, the killer slipped and cracked his head hard on the floor. It didn’t knock him unconscious, but he slowed long enough that Jack was able to push through another door to an open hallway that appeared to lead to the front door. An exit! He screamed into the cell phone.
“My name is Jack! I’m in a house on Fairbanks Street! A man is trying to kill me!”
He ran full force at the front door and got it unlocked in time to open it before the knife-wielding mad man caught up to him. His feet tangled as he pushed through the door screaming full volume. He tripped and fell, tumbling onto the front lawn. 
“You causin’ me a lot of trouble, boy,” the man said.
His chest heaved and he gulped air in between each word. Jack struggled to gain tread and stand but first rolled over to face his captor. The stalk-toothed psycho stood tall above him with the knife palmed comfortably and ready to strike. 
Tires screeched around the corner and an engine roared as the police squad car rolled down the street, lights flashing and siren barking. Its brakes locked in front of the only home where a pale sweaty man stood holding a knife over the head of another man who cowered on the ground. 
“Drop your weapon and put your hands where we can see them!” the officer shouted.
“I can’t,” the psycho said with a half smile. “I’ve got work to finish.” 
Jack covered his face with his hands and the sweaty murderer arched his back and prepared to plunge, gripping the weapon with both hands. 
BANG! BANG! 
Two reports screamed from the policeman’s sidearm. The old man rolled backwards on his heels and fell dead on the front porch.
“Are you all right, sir?” one officer asked. 
The second one stayed in the vehicle and be called in the incident. 
“Hell no I’m not all right!” Jack said. 
He told the story, but left out the wolf thing that had attacked him earlier. All thoughts of Heather were gone. Instead, he thought he was going to pack and catch the first flight to Hawaii. There he might stay drunk until his money ran out. That is, if he made it home.
Jack finished giving his statement and told them to look in the house, especially the trash can in the garage, and the mess in the kitchen. Other officers arrived on the scene and began investigating. 
 “I can give you a ride home, sir,” the officer said. “If necessary.”
There were only seven blocks left, but given his luck thus far, it could’ve been a thousand miles.
“That’d be great. I’ve had enough adventure for one evening,” Jack said.
“I imagine you have.”
Jack got in the squad car and was relieved when the door closed and the policeman entered on the other side. It was a short ride to his house. There, he could lock the door, set the alarm and have a beer…or twelve beers. 
“Some strange shit’s been going on around here. Odd calls over the past few nights. You see anything else tonight? Anything weird?” the officer asked.
“Isn’t that freak enough?” Jack said.
“Right. Look …you want me to check your property before you go in? It’s no trouble.”
Jack didn’t need any more surprises.
“Thanks,” he said. “That’d be great.”
The cop parked the cruiser in Jack’s driveway and stepped out of the vehicle with his flashlight drawn.
“Wait here,” he said.
The officer walked to the front door and checked it. It was locked. He turned and gave Jack a wink and a thumbs-up before he walked around side of the house to the chain link gate. The flashlight beam disappeared for a time, and then shone on the side of Jack’s neighbor’s house. The beam disappeared again. That time it stayed gone. Jack waited, growing uneasy. It took a five full minutes before he opened his door to yell and check on the officer.
“Hey!” Jack said.
The sound of crickets and a light breeze through the trees was the only response.
“Hey, you ok?” he shouted.
The flashlight beam came back through the gate and approached the cruiser. It wobbled in an odd way, not the level and purposeful beam as before. The pace was all wrong. Jack couldn’t clearly see the cop holding it, but something was there. Something that didn’t walk…it shambled. He slammed the car door and watched the figure as it came into light cast by the street lamps. It was his policeman friend, only gray in the face and bleeding badly from the neck and right arm. Jack watched the flashlight drop to the ground as the thing with the badge leveled off its service revolver at the patrol car and pulled the trigger.
 The projectile shattered the driver side window and lodged in the dashboard. Jack scrambled to open the door again and backed away from the car. The police-thing fired again. Bang! Bang! Bang! Then click, click, click. 
Jack ran to the front door and shoved his key into the deadbolt turning it and pushing into the house with one lucky, fluid motion. In his front coat closet was an aluminum bat. He opened his front door just as the slow moving zombie-cop was navigating the steps. 
“Braaaaaaiiins,” it moaned.
Jack brought the bat down on the creature’s skull with a wet Thump! Again and again until the monster fell to the ground, its head shattered. It shuddered a time or two before it stopped moving. 
“Yeah!” he shouted, still smashing. “Take that you sick freak!” 
Jack’s joy turned again to paranoia. Something in his backyard had done this to the cop, and it was likely still back there. He ran to the police car, bat in hand, and turned the key in the ignition. The sedan roared back to life. Ready for anything, Jack drove off. His plan was to first grab Heather, second find a suitable place for the night. He would reassess things once the sun was up.

*****

CREDITS ROLLED and heavy metal music blared. The theater’s house lights came up and the entire audience spewed out a groan of unison relief.
“Pop?”
“Yeah, son?”
“Do you think there’s really … people … out there? People like him? Like Jack?”
The grown vampire looked at his young son whose tiny fangs bit into his lower lip in fearful anticipation.
“No. It’s just pretend. A movie. Don’t worry, people aren’t real. Besides, if your mother finds out you’re scared of humans, she won’t let me take you to any more horror pictures.” 
A teenage zombie in the other aisle scoffed to his friends, “Braaaaaaiiins…Seriously, who says that? Who ever said that?”
Four other zombie teens laughed and shook their heads in agreement. 
The vampire steered his little bloodsucker through a mixed crowd of undead and other creatures and out to the parking lot, hoping to be home before the sun rose.

..ooOOoo..

THE FRANK DIARY OF ANNE

A face only a mother could love. All babies are beautiful. I know this is my child and I’m biased, but I still think…

SEPTEMBER 18TH, 2001
 
I have a son. Fourteen hours of labor gave me a twenty one inch, seven pound, eleven ounce, lovely blue eyed boy with the cutest little toes. He was born yesterday and is healthy and I love him. I love him beyond love. I’ll call him Michael and one day, he’ll call me Mom. 
Imagine.
I’m very tired but the doctors say both he and I are doing well. Unless there are complications, we get to go home tomorrow.
 
9-18
He is so sweet, looks just like his father and smells so good. I love the way babies smell, so fresh and clean, like powder. He nurses easily and often and the staff has been great. The small blue and pink striped blanket and blue hat make a handsome outfit. So much wonder. So much love. I can’t stop staring at him. My mother used to talk of babies and how I would never know true love until I had my own. Now I know. I wish she was here to see him. I miss you, Mom.
He’s sleeping now. So peaceful and I just can’t stop watching him. I think he’s actually changed, just since yesterday. And he already has a tooth poking through which is keeping me quite sore. Doctor says that it’s not uncommon and he is more than worth the small irritation. If I have to, I can pump and feed him from a bottle.
 
SEPTEMBER 19TH, 2001
A clean bill of health for mommy and Michael! That means I can take my baby home. The stitches itch terribly, but I have medicines for that and it should heal quickly enough. The car seat checked out and my friend Sarah came to drive me home with the little prince. I have so many diapers and blankets and tiny outfits. So many people have been generous with gifts. Lotions and binky’s and little pajamas.
I’m so grateful because I’m broke right now. I’d hoped to be better prepared at twenty-eight-years-old for the birth of my first child. A father would help. Not his father…Lord no, but someone. His father has been missing-in-action ever since that weekend. I loved him so. I know it sounds immature to claim to have loved a man after knowing him only three days, but he was so different. Something so magnetic—so magical—about him.
My wheelchair is here and my little bundle is waking up, time to take sweet Michael home.
 
SEPTEMBER 22ND, 2001
The first few days have been so much work! How does anyone make this a routine work? I didn’t realize how helpful the hospital staff had been or how tired I would be. He drains me and I can’t seem to eat enough to keep up with his appetite. I’d swear little Michael has gained a pound or more since we came home. It has only been a couple days. He looks bigger. It might be the exhaustion playing tricks on me. 
He whimpers so sweetly when he needs me. Not a full on cry, just a pitiful little whimper. It tingles in my soul and I’m drawn to him.
 
SEPTEMBER 28TH, 2001
Sarah offered to spend this weekend with me so I might get some rest. She said I sounded awful on the phone and like I could use a little break. Just a nap would be enough I think. His demand for my milk is insatiable. He eats constantly and has gotten strong. His nails are thick, not paper thin like most babies. They dig into my flesh and he now has several sharp teeth that have poked through. I’ve started pumping because he’s cut me and kept my breasts raw and sore. I might have to supplement with formula or switch altogether. 
I think I saw him roll over this morning. 
Is that possible? 
I need to call the doctor. Nothing seems wrong with him, really. If anything, he’s just advanced. I fear he is more like his father than I suspected. I had hoped it wasn’t contagious or genetic, whatever the case may be. Such a handsome, strong man. So intoxicating. 
 
SEPTEMBER 29TH, 2001
Sarah left in a rush this morning. She wished me well, but rushed out nonetheless babbling about some appointment she’d forgotten. She seemed so nervous. I think she was undecided about my sweet angel. I love her dearly, but he is not for her to understand. He is for me to understand. To love. When she has a child of her own, she’ll know this feeling.

9-29
It was a struggle to trim his nails today. They had begun to curl together, like an animal’s nails. I called my older sister. She said she would sometimes chew my niece’s nails because they were paper-thin and it was safer than trying to clip them. Wiggly fingers and all that. I tried and couldn’t even bite through Michael’s. The clippers had trouble as well, but I got them done.
I counted eleven teeth this morning and the canines seemed quite pronounced and sharp. The liquid diet hasn’t been enough. Maybe cereal will fill his belly. I have to devote all of my time to him without anyone’s help. He’s just so active. My sister is so far away…I miss family. 
He still whimpers when he needs me. It’s so precious.
 
OCTOBER 24TH, 2001
This is the first chance I’ve had in some time to sit down in peace to write. Michael is sleeping. He’s curled up in his crib and snoring. My sweet baby. Since my last entry, he has upped his food intake to include cereal. I stopped to make a hamburger and he screamed until I gave him a bite. He preferred the meat to everything else. 
I’ve been alone with him now for more than three weeks and I think everything is going fine. I do wish some of my friends would visit or that I might get out to see my sister. She would understand. I want to share him with the world, but I’m so weak I can’t even take him outside. I finally reached Sarah on the phone this morning and she said she would try and stop by on Saturday. I hear him whining again, can he be hungry again so soon?
 
OCTOBER 27TH, 2001
Michael surprised me today. I mentioned he was crawling, right? It’s only been about six weeks, but he is crawling and he is such a big, strong boy. Sarah did stop by and was shocked, but she was kind enough to sit down for a few moments. I keep mittens on him now to stop him from scratching himself, from scratching me.
The house is a wreck. 
She expressed some concern at his eating solid foods but her worries were quickly dispelled when he crawled up to sniff her ankles and then her knees. He seemed particularly taken with her. I let her feed him his morning bottle but neglected his protein until after she left. She wouldn’t understand and it was so nice to have company. We’re not hurting anyone and I have so little energy. She left while he was down for his nap, seeming nervous again. She urged me to call the doctor. I don’t know why. I’m so happy to have my baby and he is growing so fast.
 
NOVEMBER 2ND, 2001
The doctor’s office called this morning asking about our health. Apparently, I missed our one month well-child checkup. I assured the nurse everything was fine while biting my tongue. I wondered if Sarah had called them. 
I had to put my hand over the phone to tell Michael to stop scratching himself. He pulled his diaper off. Maybe he has worms from the raw hamburger. He won’t eat it anymore if I cook it. I tried boiled chicken and he spit it at me and growled. Growled! Can you imagine?
I have some left over medicine from the vet. I had a dog once, a lab named Ginger. She was just too much for me to handle, so I tried sedatives in her food to calm her. She lay around like a slug and I felt terrible, so I had to give her away once I got to the third trimester. She deserved a better home, and I needed to focus on my boy.
I just can’t bear to throw anything away, so I kept her medicine and some of her toys. 
Now I just have to figure out dosage. I need to weigh Michael. I know I shouldn’t medicate him, but if I take him to the doctor, they’ll want to run tests. They’ll take him from me and I can’t let that happen. He is mine. 
 
NOVEMBER 5TH, 2001
I gave Michael some drugs today. I just guessed at the amount and it was enough to put him to sleep. I bought a scale at the drug store to weigh myself. It’s the only place within walking distance. He was still asleep when I got home. I felt so guilty for leaving him that I swore to myself I would never do it again. 
The scale says I am ninety-six pounds. Michael is so demanding of my milk and my time. It sickens me to look in the mirror at my body. I’m five-foot-nine and I was one-hundred-thirty pounds when I got pregnant. It just has to be wrong. No wonder the clerk looked at me so strangely. 
I held him and got back on the scale. One-hundred-twenty-seven pounds. That would make him 31 pounds. Can that be correct? He’s so big to be only seven weeks old. I feel like he should be talking already because he’s so advanced in growth and motor skills, but we communicate through grunts and cooing. He’s so powerful. 

11-5
My groceries are now delivered. The boy gives me odd, disapproving looks when I order fifteen to twenty pounds of meat per week, but Michael is ravenous. I’m starting to worry and I’m feeling very weak again. Sarah won’t return my calls and I have no one else to ask for help. 
Internet searches for his father turned up an obituary. Shot to death not long after we…met. I feel terrible for my anger toward him. I love him. I see him in our son. 
 
NOVEMBER 28TH, 2001
Thanksgiving came and went and I didn’t even realize it. Days are a blur. I ordered a side of beef and filled my refrigerator and freezer with it. Then I switched grocery stores because the probing stares from the delivery folks were becoming too much. I’ve stopped giving Michael any formula or breast milk. My body won’t produce anymore. I’m just so tired all the time. He’s close to seventy pounds now.
Last I checked I weighed ninety-one.
It was all I could do to lift him to weigh us both so the numbers might not be accurate. 
I’ve never seen muscle tone like this on a baby. He moves with such grace and power. He snapped at me today as I was feeding him. It was as if he was crazed for the meat and couldn’t tell where steak stopped and I began. 
Michael reminds me so much of his father—God rest his soul. He mentioned something about a change of appetites that weekend. I had tooth marks on my shoulder and I feel sure I remember him licking blood from the wound. It was all very exciting and passionate at the time, but now I see clearly. There is a word for his kind. A word for our son.
 
DECEMBER . 1ST or 2ND, 2001
Michael is uncontrollable. I’m not sure how long I’ve been locked in this room. Two days…maybe three? I managed to reach the refrigerator and pulled out all the meat that was left before I locked myself in here. He nipped at me the whole time and with one bite, he drew blood. It excited him. 
The last of the hamburger and steak seemed to satisfy him temporarily but now he’s clawing at the door and whining like he was a baby again. I know he’s only a couple months old, but he’s no baby. Not anymore.
It hurts my soul to ignore the cries, but he might attack and I don’t trust him. I don’t know what else I can do.

DECEMBER
He’s chewing on the door. It sounded like he was throwing furniture against it and howling earlier. The terrible crashing sounds kept me awake half the night and didn’t stop until the door cracked. The heavy solid wood protected me as long as it could, I suppose. I can see his bloody teeth and claws chewing and scratching at the break in the lumber. It won’t be long now.
Mommy loves you, Michael. I will love you forever.

*****

THE POLICE DETECTIVE furrowed his brow and lifted a shredded, bloody piece of sheet or perhaps pillow case with the back of his ballpoint pen. The small house was empty aside from the remains of what had to be Michael’s mother, Anne.
“Hey, boss. There are no more dated entries after the 2nd. What’s today?” a rookie officer asked.
Boss replied, “The nineteenth.”
They moved to the living room and kitchen looking at more destruction. Claw marks covered the furniture and sheetrock, and the carpet and linoleum were soiled by all manner of bodily expulsions. Bits of black fur stuck in the urine stains on the linoleum.
The rookie opened the dented refrigerator door to see puddles of red juice and bits of ground beef throughout. A solitary Styrofoam tray sat on the top glass shelf.
“Nineteenth? No wonder it stinks so bad. Good thing it’s cold outside, eh?”
The boss shook his head, “You’re a piece o’ shit, Reynolds.”
“Hey, that ain’t necessary,” Reynolds replied. 
“This mess ain’t necessary. Get your notes so we can get outta this bloodbath. Tag that journal as well and quit flippin’ the pages. That’s evidence.”
The rookie, Reynolds, did as he was told, mumbling under his breath.

..ooOOoo..

UNLUCKY IN DEATH:
reVAMPed


A special nod to all those who take vampires seriously, even if I don’t. Monsters are important, as they show us what it is to be human. Keep an eye out for this story's ugly step sisters, Unspirited and Death Stinks...They'll be haunting your way soon in one form or another.

V------V

On the door there is a plaque, brass with black letters, which reads Dr. Ellen Francis. I am more nervous than I’ve ever been in my life.
Her face is drawn up into an expression that can only come from years of practiced condescension.
“Mr. Barton, or can I call you David?”
“David is fine.”
She writes that down. Great. For this amount of money I could finance a car, or I can apparently pay some shrink to remember my name. Not that money matters anymore. At least I guess it doesn’t.
“Can I call you Ellen?” I ask.
“Let's remain professional, shall we?” she says.
She crosses her hands on the desk and smiles at me. It’s another rehearsed look, and strikes me the wrong way. The door is inches away and nothing is forcing me to be here. She interrupts my thoughts of escape.
“So, tell me why you are here today?”
As I look around the office I realize I don’t belong. Everything is dusted and placed according to some cosmic code of perfection only achieved in magazines. It makes the reason behind my visit sound that much more asinine. 
I’ll just say it, “I’m a vampire.”
Not a flinch, not even a blink from the pudgy Ellen Francis, super shrink to the undead.
“Interesting, and how long has this been going on?”
This is my li—er—death now. Three weeks ago I got jumped by some hippie in the park and he bit me and sucked on my neck. Who knew undead was an STD? Insensitive prick.
It’s not like wishing for death because you farted on a date…or because your job sucks…or just to give sweet relief from the difficulties of life. Being undead sucks (no pun intended). There’s not even a death option anymore. I mean, who commits suicide by driving a stake through their own heart? Who could do that? It’s an awkward angle to swing the mallet, and well, the logistics are too much to consider. Back to that hippie asshole…
There are simpler reasons I take issue with my new found state:

1. I love garlic. 
All the wonderful ethnic foods that are out there and I’m stuck with blood. It tastes like sticky metal. Nasty. I won’t even suck on a paper cut. Anyway, I took a bite of pizza from my fridge that next morning and the garlic burned my tongue. It was cold…Fuck.

2. I’m a morning person.
 I liked to get up early for Christ’s sake…which leads me to

3. I like coffee. 

This just sucks (still no pun intended).
There are other things as well…For instance, I’m glad I’m not female, because the no reflection thing is weird. Putting on makeup must be a bitch. 
Well, I still have a partial reflection, but I can see through me. That’s a trip in itself. If it gets any worse, I’ll have to guess if my hair is right, assume my skin is clear, and the beard will just have to grow. So I'm not only doomed to suck blood, but I'll have to do it with bad hair.
Screw it. 
I don’t think I’ve ever seen a vampire with a beard, although Dracula had a ‘stache in one of those movies. How does one take the time to wash the blood out of his facial hair after a meal?
That brings me to my final point…and this is a tad embarrassing. I pass out at the sight of blood. Can’t handle it. Don’t like red jelly. Even red paint makes me swoon. So here I sit with a therapist who thinks I’m one nut short of a testicle sack and I just want help. 
She’s round enough to fill her leather chair and her nose has red marks where her cheap, reading glasses normally sit. They’ve slid down, and she is staring at me over top of them.
“A few weeks,” I reply.
She scribbles something in her notepad. I’d bet it’s a shopping list. She brings the sarcasm out in me.
“Is that why you requested such a late appointment? You are my last of the day.”
“Yup, sunscreen wasn’t as effective as I’d hoped,” I say.
She looks up over her reading glasses but is not amused. It was true. I put on sunscreen after I figured out I was undead. SPF 60. It was the strongest stuff I could find at the drug store. The next morning I rolled out of bed and wandered outside just to sizzle like a piece of bacon. 
God I miss bacon.
“Where did you become a vampire?” she asks in her droning clinical tone.
Where? That’s an odd question. What does that matter?
“Walking home. I cut through the park like always, and one bit me,” I answer.
“Oh,” she says.
“Yep.”
“How did you know he was a vampire?” 
She stops writing and crosses her fingers on the desk. Her cocked head and one raised eyebrow tell me she’s dying to hear this.
“He gave me his business card,” I say. 
She frowns.
“Honestly, he had fangs and bit me on the neck and drank my blood. Don’t you read books? I mean, you are a doctor.”
I guess I'm letting some frustration show.
“Yes, and I rather enjoy vampire stories.” 
She crosses her legs under the desk and contemplates my face. I look away, uncomfortable.
“Shouldn’t I be afraid you will kill me?”
She should. I would love to kill her. I could strangle her with her own dyed red hair, or stick that Cross pen in her eye, except for my phobia, which I need to tell her about. It’s just so embarrassing. She’s staring at me, one pudgy finger tapping on her desk blotter. Tap, tap, tap. Fine, you asked for it.
“I can’t.”
She’s still staring at me over those reading glasses.
“I’m afraid of the sight of blood. I…faint.”
That gets a laugh that’s clipped, politely, for my benefit.
“I see your predicament,” she says, scribbling again.
“How did you think I could help?”
“I’m not sure you can. You were just the first shrink in the phonebook that had an open appointment slot.”
Another frown. Did she think I’d heard through a mutual vampire friend that she was a whiz with creatures of the night? I hate this woman.
“Well there’s no cure that I’m aware of for vampires, but we might be able to work something out.” 
She smiles as she writes.
“Are there any other creatures of the night I should be aware of?” she says.
I knew talking to anyone was a bad idea and my face now shows it. Did I mention I’m paying her for this abuse?
“How the hell should I know? This is all new to me.”
Now I'm lying on the couch. I'm surprised to see an actual couch, just like in films. What do you call this thing anyway? Crazy couch works. It's surprisingly comfortable. 
Psycho sofa. 
I stifle a chuckle when she speaks.
“Where are your fangs? You do have fangs, right?”
I don’t. Not yet anyway. I guess they'll come in eventually. How long does it take to grow teeth? In books and movies you get bit and BANG! You got beautiful, white, pointy choppers. Me? I had nothing but regular teeth, although my gums have been aching. 
Holy shit, I’m thirty-seven years old and I’m teething.
“Not yet. I know that sounds bat-shit crazy. I guess they haven’t grown in.”
“I don’t use the term crazy, but it is definitely out of the scope of normal.” 
No shit. Vampire is the new normal…and I've learned this for the nominal price of only $140.00 an hour. She puts the pen down again and takes her glasses off to make a point.
“Have you confronted this man that bit you? Maybe he has the answers.”
I hadn’t considered that. Why should I? He attacked me. I guess, being a vampire, and already undead, I have nothing to fear. What could be worse, right?
“So your advice…is for me to go back and talk to a vampire that has attacked me once already?”
“I’m still on the fence about the vampire thing,” she says.
Bitch.
“Fine, say he’s not a vampire, but he still attacked me. You’re advising me to go find the guy who attacked me, and ask him to have a chat?”
“Sure, why not?”
Fear. Anger. He might not be there. It’s Tuesday. Purple. I could think of a hundred reasons why this was a bad idea.
“Hadn’t considered it. Right after the session is over, I’ll go talk to him,” I say.
“I think that’s a good idea,” she says as if she just solved everything. 
“You do?”
“Yes. Many times our differences can be solved with communication.”
“I thought that’s what I was doing here,” I say.
She ignored me. Man, I wish I had my fangs. The holes in my neck healed within a day so I have no proof. I could show her the mirror thing, but I don’t see one handy. If I looked like her, I wouldn’t have one either. It’s not worth it anyway, she’d explain it away.
“What if he attacks me again?”
“If you’re a vampire, it shouldn’t matter, right?”
“Right.” 
Logical. 
Bitch. 
This is stupid. She's not even treating me as a crazy person. I feel more like a kid that needs to stand up to the school bully. I don’t want to talk to her anymore. Maybe silence is a better option.
“Do you sleep in a coffin?” she says.
She doesn’t subscribe to my silence idea.
“No, a waterbed, but I did have to black out my windows. Like I said, the sun is not my friend.”
“Ah. So the legends are all true in your experience?”
“So far. I haven’t been staked yet, but when that happens, you’ll be the first person I call.”
I’d tell her my garlic story, but I don’t like her, and it’s a funny story, and it might bring her some joy. Fuck this quack. I'm ready to roll and thankfully our time is over.
“Will I see you next week?” she asks.
“Yep, maybe I’ll have proof by then,” I say.
I jump up to leave. She’s probably a werewolf. 
Bitch.

V------V

It’s very dark outside, which is a relief. I’m self-conscious when I run into people. I don’t look good in pale, and I’m worried someone might call an ambulance if they see me. I feel weak, and my hands are a nice shade of corpse. The sidewalk ends and I wait for the walk light, which is silly. It’s a small town. 
Headline: Vampire Jaywalks. News at Nine.
On the way to the park, I catch a whiff of the little Italian restaurant on the corner. Heaven. Garlic heaven. It's also my hell. 
And that fucking hippie better be there because I need answers. There is a patch of open grass with a fountain in the center. It is surrounded by trees which help block the noise from the street. During the day, people sit and read, kids play, dogs catch Frisbees. Who would think, in that same peaceful spot each night, a loathsome, hippie-dickbag churns out an army of bloodsuckers? 
Is he there? I can see the clearing, the fountain, the benches, and my maker. He is lying on the same park bench, head in his hands, watching the sky. I can see his dreadlocked hair and rainbow colored, tie-dyed shirt. His skin looks unhealthy, like mine. His eyes are closed.
I kick his legs off the bench and he says, “What the what, dude?” 
It's an appropriate response. He blinks and sits up, his eyebrows forming an angry V.
“You don’t know who you’re screwin’ with,” he says.
He sounds stoned. He smells stoned. How long does that stench linger?
“I do actually. You bit me a few weeks back.” 
He already pisses me off. His brow softens and he holds a hand up to shield his eyes from the street lamp behind me and smiles. Still smiling and nodding his head, he breaks into a laugh.
“Oh yeah, man, I remember you. Sweet.”
Huh? Is this guy…
He interrupts my thought with, “Say, what’s up bro?”
What's up bro? Really? It's not worth the stupid conversation. I skip right to the point.
“Why didn’t you kill me?” I ask.
His face turns solemn. He pats the bench next to him.
“Have a seat, man,” he says. 
Great, a polite demon. He’s like an attorney.
“I don’t kill people, man. I just take what I need and move on.”
“Take what you…? I’m not a Goodwill. Am I supposed to find this comforting?”
“Chill, dude.”
“Chill. You want me to chill? Of course you would.”
I look to the stars, hoping there’s an answer up there, or maybe an asteroid aimed at my face.
“This is hell. I’m in hell. It’s your fault. I can’t eat garlic or bacon or drink coffee. Do you understand that?”
“Um, no, dude. Not really. I was a vegan before it happened to me and I don’t like coffee. As you can imagine, it was quite a challenge to learn the vampire thing. But I been at it for a while now. Bitin’ people, drinking the juice. Good times.”
“A while? You're tellin’ me that you’ve created others?”
“Oh, yeah, man. Let’s see. I feed, like, twice a week, and I'm goin’ on six months of the night life now.  That’s like fifty bat-people, I guess.”
Bat people. Against all odds, I’m starting to like this guy. 
“Six months? Fifty vampires, you say.”
He pauses, checking the math again.
“Yup. That sounds about right.”
He has no regrets. He’s actually comfortable with the whole scenario.
“Hey, I’m sorry I turned you, man. Did you need somethin’?” he asks.
“Lotta good sorry does me.”
“Yeah. Right,” he says, shaking his shaggy head.
“Look. I can’t drink blood. I don’t even have fangs. Can I change back?”
“Ha ha, no dude. This is fairly permanent. Your fangs will grow. I had mine in a few weeks. You gotta feed, bro. That speeds up the whole process.”
“You don’t understand. I faint at the sight of blood.”
“Whoa.” He scratches his arm and stares into space. “That’s pretty fucked up.”
“Yes it is,” I say.
He is still staring at nothing when I get up to leave. He grabs my arm and I catch a glimpse of his long dirty fingernails. I draw back a fist, ready to swing when I realize he isn’t attacking, but looking up with concern in his face.
“Dude, I think I can help. Like I said, I used to be vegan. Blood was never my choice of grub either. I’m working on a fix for that.”
I sit back down.
“What've you got in mind?”
“You said two weeks?” he asks.
“Two weeks tomorrow.”
“Wow. You gotta be starving, man.”
“Not really. I feel weak.”
He looks over me.
“Yeah, you look like ass, too. You gotta eat.”
“How? I pass out at the…” I shudder. “Thought.”
He inhales deeply through his nose, waving his head around slowly as if he was sampling a fine wine, which is something I imagine he’s never done. He looks at me.
“Can’t you smell it? There’s blood everywhere.”
He waves his arms around dramatically.
“Like everywhere,” he says, repeating himself for impact.
I smell spaghetti marinara and piss-stained bum. I smell sweet, rotting grass clippings from that afternoon. People walk all around us on the bustling streets and watching them makes me nervous, as if I might at once become unable to control an impulse I haven’t yet had.
“Focus, man. Think of it as something else. I call it the juice,” he says hypnotically.
“The juice?”
“Yeah, bro. The juice of life.”
He smiles, proud of himself.
“That is fucking corny.”
“Let it ride man. Just trust me.”
Trust is something I’m fresh out of, but what’s it gonna do… Kill me?
I take a deep breath as I close my eyes, ready to give it the ol’ college try. I feel sufficiently focused and open my eyes. I take another breath. There it is. I can smell it. I can hear the heartbeats, thumping like hundreds of marching soldiers. I'm salivating. I’m starving. I’m nauseated. I’m seeing twinkly little sparks of light.
I'm fainting.

V------V

“Dude?”
What the hell is that noise? I’m so clammy. My tongue feels like a dry sponge.
“Hey, dude? You ok?”
It’s the hippie vampire. This is so surreal. So stupid.
“I’m fine,” I say and sit back up from my slump.
“Man, you really are a pussy, aren’t you?”
He's smiling at me, the points of his fangs tucked behind his lower lip.
“I told you, although I’m not sure pussy is the term.”
“Oh yeah, you passed out at the thought of blood. You’re a total pussy.”
He has a point. I'm a dreaded monster, a thing of nightmares who lives on the stuff, but I can’t even think about it. I am a total pussy.
He stands up and claps his grubby hands.
“I have another idea that might work.”
I'm not ready for more experimenting. Can I starve to death? I’m already dead-ish. What choice do I have?
“Can you tell me your name first? I feel like we should be introduced, ya know, since you killed me.”
He straightens, a surprised look on his face, then extends his hand for me to shake.
“Totally. I’m Bob.”
“Seriously?”
“Yep. Bob.”
“Bob the hippie vampire? Dracula-Bob?”
“Nope, just Bob. And I’m no hippie, man. I’m a surfer.”
But of course he is. Why wouldn’t he be?
“Surfer? What the hell are you doing in the Midwest?” I say, agitated.
He nods.
“I was visiting my parents, got bit, and now here I sit.”
Bob chuckles at his rhyme.
“Well, Bob, I’m David.”
“It is cool to make your acquaintance,” he says and hands me a joint.
Now, I haven’t smoked weed in almost twenty years, but at the moment, it doesn’t seem like such a bad idea. I grab it and look at it, rolling it between my thumb and forefinger.
“What do you expect me to do with this?”
Bob laughs.
“Smoke the shit out of it,” he says. 
“What’s that gonna do?”
“Mellow you out. It’ll center you mind. Best of all, it’ll give you the mad munchies. High people eat anything. Just take a hit, man.”
He smiles while he pats the pockets of his dingy gray cargo pants.
“I got a match around here somewhere.”
I’m confused.
“I don’t understand, you mean I can smoke?” I ask.
“Why not?” he says.
“Well, it’s illegal for one thing.”
Bob looks discouraged.
“You’re dead, dude. Crap all over the law.”
He has a point.
“You’re right. So I’ll smoke some weed,” I say.
Bob smiles again. 
“Smoke the shit outta that weed,” he says.
His smile fades and he looks up, trying to remember something, focusing on me.
“I wouldn’t suggest eating regular food though. I tried a salad right after I got turned. It wasn’t pretty, dude.”
“Thanks. I don’t want any details,” I say.
“No. No you don’t. Just stick with the juice.”
He finds the matchbook he was looking for and holds his hand out. I give him back the tightly rolled little gadget, and he lights it, taking a drag and offering it to me again. I take it from him and suck in some smoke. It tickles my throat but tastes nice. I cough a series of deep and painful explosions of thick smoke. My chest aches and Bob laughs.
“Again, dude. Ain’t gonna kill ya.”
I go again with the same results. The third pull is smoother, and the fourth even better.
My skin starts to tingle with warmth and I can feel my soul relax. After the fifth hit, I'm sufficiently high. So much so, that I don’t even realize Bob has in his clutches another bum, and has popped his teeth into the bum’s neck like a juice box. He wipes the blood from his mouth, smearing it on his lips. The bum lays slumped in a heap next to the bench. Strangely, it doesn’t bother me. 
“Now, dude. Try again,” Dracula-Bob says.
I close my eyes and start giggling. He joins me for a minute. 
“You ate that guy,” I say, chuckling.
“He was tasty.”
“Will he be a bat-people?” I ask.
Bob snorts, and it takes him a minute to stop giggling.
“What’s so funny?” I ask.
He chuckles some more.
“You said he be a people.”
I did. He’s right. 
“Well will he?”
Bob feels for the bum’s pulse, then grins.
“In a couple days. Man, I just hope he’s smarter than you,” Bob says.
The insult doesn’t bother me. Best of all, the blood on his lips doesn’t bother me. Nothing bothers me. Bob places a hand on my shoulder. His eyes are dark and his cheeks ruddy; he almost looks alive.
“Control, man, you need control. Try it again.”
Eyes closed, I relax and take a few deep breaths. I can hear everything. I can hear the heartbeats. I can smell hot flowing blood, the juice of life, and my stomach isn’t turning. I'm  starving. I can distinguish one pulse from another. I can picture their faces, young or old, male or female. I can smell their life force and zone in on one in particular. My gums ache as the fangs throb underneath, but it’s a sweet feeling, like longing for a lover you haven’t seen in weeks.
“You’re a flippin' genius, Bob,” I say as I open my eyes.
“Wow. That might be the nicest thing anyone's ever told me,” he says, staring blankly.
“I don’t doubt that.”
I stand to find my snack.
“You go get ‘em, dude,” I hear Bob say as I leave. “Follow the juice, dude!”

V------V

My first kill is younger than me and she is quite beautiful. I can smell her above all others, tuned in like a radio. There’s a faint hint of sweat laced with alcohol. She wears a blue dress, cut high on the legs and low on the chest. Sexy. I've wanted to eat women before, but this is different. Strangely, I feel a sick sort of revenge against all the beautiful ones who ignored me in high school…and since high school as well. The feeling continues as I grab her and shove her into the back seat of her tiny import and pull the door shut. I don’t remember her screaming or any sort of struggle. It was all one fluid, orgasmic, splatter of beautiful red paint. Kinky sex without the walk of shame.
I don’t have the restraint Bob has and I drain her until she turns cold. I wonder if he killed a few until he got the hang of things. Before he found the juice of life. If I could bottle it, I'd call it, “Dracula-Bob's Life Juice.” No question.
Blood tastes different after the body dies, stale and thick. I guess that’s how you know when to stop. It rushes through me like a wildfire and fills my whole being with vitality. The worry is gone, the stress is gone and the hunger is gone. It's four thirty in the morning and I need to get safely tucked away from the sun. 
Bob is not on his bench when I pass back through the park. I stagger back to my apartment using the alleyways so I won’t be seen and head to the bathroom to wash my face. When I turn the light on I can see the buds of my new fangs poking through the gums in my see-through face. Crimson smears cover my cheeks, hands and clothes. I feel a sudden wave of remorse for the dead girl in the car and then I faint again.

V------V

My head is throbbing. The painful pulsing is interrupting this wonderful dream where I’m suckling this giant breast. I feel like a newborn baby, only, when the pounding starts, I see it isn’t milk I’m drinking. Gross. Actually, either way it’s gross. God, I need to go scrub my brain or something. And that awful smell, can that be my breath? It’s like rot mixed with that morning cat-shit smell and stale weed. Throbbing. Banging.
It feels like someone pounding on a drum, or pounding on a…on a door. My front door is getting its metal-clad-foam-cored ass kicked. 
“Who the…”
According to my clock, it should be dusk outside. I’m not expecting anyone. What I am doing is holding my pillow in a pseudo-sexual way which could explain the giant tit-sucking dream I was just having. 
My gums ache. My fangs have pushed through, sitting between my canines and their neighboring incisors. There’s a headache involved that I don’t want to talk about. That, plus I’m not sure that girl wasn’t completely obliterated drunk, and I’m probably hung over. And I don’t remember… wait. I do remember feeling faint. I remember staring at my face in the mirror, it was semi-transparent, but there was blood smeared all over it. I looked like a kid on his first birthday, covered in cake icing…red icing. I remember the world swimming and I….ouch! I must have smacked my chin on the sink on the way down. 
Chin is tender. Stepping into the bathroom to brush my teeth, I see the blood smeared, dried chocolate brown, on the sink, the mirror—which now shows no trace of me. I close my eyes before I fall out and fumble for the faucet handles, spinning the hot side on full blast and grabbing for the hand towel to wipe the gore away. Then I fold the towel and wipe off the mirror. 
“Hello?” I hear from the door. A voice. Female. Young. Pissed.
“Give me a damn minute!” I shout.
I look at my watch and see something I hadn’t noticed before, it’s Friday. I came home early Wednesday morning. I’ve been asleep for three days. Shit. That makes sixteen days I’ve been a vampire. I should have called the parents by now, to let them know I’m…well, that I’m on vacation or something. 
I open the mirror cabinet and start to brush my teeth. Thankfully, the sink is clean enough, and the towel on the floor merely looks dirty in the dim lighting. When I close the mirror-door, no one is looking back at me, but I like watching the toothbrush move around on its own.
Still more knocking. Louder.
“Hello?” she says, her voice irritated and rough, and then, “Open the fucking door!”
Like that’s going to make me rush. Eat a plate of shit, random person. Who the hell are you anyway? Bills are paid. 
I should let her in and eat her. That’d shut her mouth. But I don’t smell anything. I don’t hear a pulse. I wander through the kitchen and see my favorite coffee mug sitting in the sink. I’m going to try and drink coffee, damn the consequences. Filling the carafe, and then the reservoir with water, I put a single serve pack in the slot and push the button, coffee pours out and smells like Christmas presents and a no-strings hand job. Between that smell and knowing that rude bitch is still waiting outside, it’s turning out to be a glorious day.
More banging. More whining…and I think she might be crying now. Oh well. I pick up the coffee mug and move it to my mouth for a drink.
Clink!
Pain. 
“Shit,” I say. 
When I set the cup down to grab my mouth, there are two triangle shaped chips missing from the rim. Glorious feeling is gone. 
“Shit.”
More banging.
“Shit,” I say one more time.
I glance around to make sure there aren’t any more blood soaked clothes or smudges in sight and start to open the door.
“What the hell do you want?” I ask.
My face would be red, if I had that capability.
“Fucker,” says a young girl.
Blue dress, big cleavage, pale. Shit. It’s her.
“I thought you were dead,” I say.
“Really?”
Her eyes burn through me.
“How’d you find me… um, who are you…I mean, what’s your name?”
“Britney, asshole… and I can smell you. I woke up in my car and couldn’t smell anything but you. You know you left me there for three days?”
The name was fitting, almost amusing. How did no one find her for three days?
“Let me in,” she says and shoves past me.
“I’m David, and I don’t need a pet,” I say.
She leers at me, tears streaming black makeup down her pale face, blood caked on her neck and shoulder. I try to glare back, but the blood is making me weak and I look away.
“How is it no one found you?”
“Luck. My stupid luck, I guess.”
I close the door and lock it. 
“I’d offer you something, but it’s like, there isn’t anything I can offer you.”
The blood on her is making me sick, light in the head. I turn away, moving to the kitchen where I pull a wad of paper towels off the roll and moisten them in the sink. I hand them to her.
“Can you take care of that? You’re a mess.”
“Fuck you. Look at it. You did it.”
“Seriously, fix it, or I’ll finish the job.”
There was nothing in my threat. So far, my undead state had proven to be no advantage at all but my remorse for the girl is subsiding. I’d like to help her, but fuck her if she’s going to be rude. There might have been a bit of guilt there, but now it’s equally matched by my desire to stick my tongue out and laugh because now she’s like me. That and the fact that she’s being really bitchy.
She wipes reluctantly at her neck.
“You got a bathroom?” she says.
I motion to my left and she walks into the room and screams.
“You get used to it,” I say.
It could be the truth, I don’t know. When she comes back, the blood is gone and her bite wound is healed. Her eyes are still dark with makeup, but the tears have stopped staining her cheeks.
“I’m hideous,” she says.
Now she’s pitiful and the look on her face is familiar. In fact, I’d woken up with it a couple weeks back. Now, I was suddenly feeling like a watermelon sized turd. She was so young and I have deprived her of any chance at a life.
“Sit down,” I say.
I sit on my small leather couch and pat the cushion next to me. She sits, sobbing, and falls into my shoulder. Reluctantly, I put my arm around her. Feeling her naked shoulder, I pull on the fabric of her dress to cover the skin, and then replace my hand. 
“Worst night ever,” she says, sobbing.
“I know.”
“No you don’t,” she says.
“Okay, I don’t.”
I’d love for this conversation to end, and start looking for something to stake her with, or stake me with.
“He left me there,” she says.
Dear sweet Jesus, she’s going to tell me the whole story anyway.
“Bastard,” she says and sits up, pulling away from me.
“I’m sorry. It’s an impulse that I haven’t learned to control yet.”
She looks at me like I just failed at some hip new lingo.
“Not you. Well, you’re a bastard too, but not you this time. Len.”
“Right,” I say. “Len the bastard, not me the bastard. Of course.”
“He called me to come see him. I go to State, and he’s here, and he called me to come see him and like an idiot, I did.”
How long can she continue talking, I wonder?
“And?” I say with immediate regret, but…I’m not doing anything else, so why not listen. I mean, I killed her. I owe her that.
“And when I got here, he took me to that bar. He introduced me to some of his friends, and then told me I should find someone else. Like I was supposed to pick from his selection.”
That’s cold hearted. Funny, but cold hearted.
“What did you do?”
“I broke my beer mug on his face and kicked him in his tiny little prick.”
Okay, maybe she isn’t all bad. 
“Then I ordered several shots of tequila and I dared anyone else to come near me. I was so drunk when I left, I didn’t even know you were there. I couldn’t have fought back if I wanted to.”
Her face is like steel, no more tears, no more shaking in her voice. She looks in the distance while a minute passes. I have nothing to say in comfort, or in anything else for that matter. Finally, she looks back at me, ending my agony.
“How does it work?” she says.
“Huh?”
“The vampire thing. How does it work?”
“Who says I ‘m a vampire?”
She looks at the coffee mug with the chips out of it, then back at me. I feel my mouth hanging open and know my new pointies are showing.
“I dunno. The reflection thing. The fact that the sun cooks me and the fact that I’m pretty sure I’m dead, but I’m here talking to a guy with fangs who I tracked through my new sense of smell.”
“Weird,” I say.
“It is that,” she replies.
“Truth is, I don’t really know. I can take you to see someone. He’s sort of teaching me. That is, if I can find him.”
“If you can find him?”
“Yeah, well. He’s a bum. A surfer that hangs out in the park at night.”
Britney laughs, a burst of beautiful, spontaneous laughter. I feel worse now, for taking her life. She would’ve brought someone a lot of joy.
“Fine,” she says. “Let’s go see your surfer, bum, vampire friend.”
It’s the best idea I can think of, although I need to see someone else first. There’s someone I need to thank. Can I trust this woman in my apartment? I don’t really have much choice.
“We’ll see him later. I need you to wait here. Find some clothes in my room. I’ll be back in an hour or two.”
“Screw you, David. I’m coming with you.”
“I’m going to see my psychiatrist.”
Her face softens and she nods.
“Oh. Can she help with … this?”
“No. But she gave me some bad advice, and I need to tell her all about it.”
Britney nods, seeming satisfied for the moment. I point toward my bedroom and she disappears from sight. The sun should be set by now. I pick up the phone and thankfully, Dr. Francis has her evening appointment open.

V------V

When I enter the office, Dr. Francis glances up and I’d swear she is smirking. Hatred. Like rooting for her to get hit by a truck, hatred.
“Nice to see you back,” she says.
Her glasses are back in place at the end of her pointed nose and she's scribbling again.
“So good to be here,” I say.
“Did you talk to your assailant?” she asks sarcastically.
“I did. His name’s Bob. We got high and then I made my first kill. Nice guy.”
She continues to write with a disinterested nod.
“Is this a hypothetical kill?”
She wouldn’t turn me in. She didn’t believe I was attacked, why would she assume I could attack someone? Fuck it, I’ll give her the details.
“No. Her name was Britney. She was legal, but still way too young for me. Quite the looker. I caught her getting into her car behind Lucy’s over on Fifth Street and thought I had sucked her dry, but she showed up at my apartment about an hour ago looking for answers, just like me when I came to you.”
Dr. Francis nods.
“And marijuana helped your fear of blood?”
“I guess so. The problem is now I have to find weed and blood. I haven’t smoked in years. I’m not sure how to go about scoring some. I hear you can get prescriptions for that nowadays.” 
“This is true, but you don’t have cancer or glaucoma,” she sighs as if she's bored with the banter.
“Right. I guess I’ll just try the local elementary school.”
She frowns.
“Truth hurts,” I say.
Ignoring me, she asks, “What about Bob? Where is he now?”
“Gone back to the coast, maybe. Turns out he wasn’t a hippie, but a surfer. I haven’t seen him since the night of our last session.”
“Oh.”
She still doesn’t believe me. It doesn’t really matter. She looks up at me.
“Tell me, David. You had no fangs, how did you kill this…” She stops to check her notes, then continues, “Britney, was it?”
She looks back up at me, over her glasses. I smile, licking the tip of one fang, then the other inside my mouth. She smiles, and then I smile, showing her my new pointies.
“I see,” she says, and goes back to her scribbling.
Probably something about how the patient has delusions to the point that he may have altered his own appearance and blah, blah, blah, I hate this wench.
“Not impressed?” I ask.
“Anyone can buy fake teeth, David.”
She’s right. I should’ve thought about that before my first visit. Maybe I wouldn’t be a killer now. 
“I blame you,” I say.
“Me? For what?” she asks in a sing-song voice.
I pull a lighter and joint from my front shirt pocket and take a drag. She catches the scent a looks at me.
“You can’t do that in here.”
I ignore her.
“You sent me back to see my attacker. He showed me how to overcome my fear. He turned me into a killer. You could’ve put me on meds, or stuck me in a psych-ward for observation, but you’re too smart, aren’t you, doc?”
“Put that out. It’s illegal to smoke marijuana.”
I smile at her discomfort. I’m starting to see her recognition, her realization that all is not well. When my eyes go black, she gasps.
“Crap all over the law,” I say.
Her pulse quickens, and before she can touch the phone or move to escape, I’m on her, holding her throat so there will be no scream, slashing her carotid and sucking down the fresh, hot juice of life. It isn’t as vital as the young girl. There’s an underlying bitterness that comes as no surprise. Out of frustration, or hatred, I drink well past the stale taste, pulling the thick, dead substance from her artery until I have a full mouthful, then spit it back on her face. It feels good to be bad. I pick up the joint and take a drag to get the dead flavor out of my mouth. I’m starting to like this gig.

V------V

It is a real drag that there’s no extra strength involved with my condition. Hauling that fat bitch out to the dumpster was more work than I usually care to do. I know they’ll find the mess in her office, but by then, she’ll be in a landfill somewhere, half rotten and rat-chewed. 
I scoot past the park, glad to see Dracula-Bob lazily slung across his bench like a lure waiting for the moment to set its foul hooks into a curious fish.
Opening my door, I see Britney kicked back on my couch, watching a show I'd never seen on a channel I would normally skip. Her face is pale, blue-green veins show through the paper thin skin. Still, she's attractive, a vision that is unexpected in my home. I wonder if vampires can have sex, and if I could play up the uniqueness of our situation to win an evening of monster nookie. Of course, afterwards I’d have to talk to her, and that is too excruciating.
“Ready?” I say.
She looks up from my couch and turns off the television.
“Yes.”
I hold the door for her, and take note of her outfit. Somehow she's managed to fit into a pair of my sweatpants and a t-shirt that barely covers my belly. On her, it's tied, and the sleeves, folded over, still reach the crooks of her elbows. She sees me checking her out.
“Ew. Wasn't killing me enough? You've gotta perv on me too?”
“I was just admiring my wardrobe.”
“Right.”
I'm silent for the rest of the walk, and thankfully, so is Britney. Finding our way back to the park, Bob recognizes me and waves.
“Dude, good to see ya. Hey, I've got somethin' to show you later.”
I shake his hand, although he doesn't get off the park bench.
“Really?” I ask.
“Yup.”
He points at Britney, but looks at me. “Who's that?”
“Hello,” she says.
I look at her and she smiles at both of us.
“This is Britney. She was… my first kill.”
Bob's eyes round out and he starts to chuckle.
“Why's that funny?” Britney asks.
Bob holds his hand up, laughing even harder.
“Cause he brought leftovers to the party. That's funny.”
Britney steps up and smacks Bob on the arm. 
“Sweet. Welcome to the night life,” Bob says. “You eat yet?”
“No, I’m not drinking blood.”
Bob laughs again and looks at me, “Ha ha, ok. Is she medicated?”
“Not that I know of. Should she be? I mean after the transformation and all?”
Bob looks puzzled.
“Transformation?”
“You know what I mean. The vampire thing.”
Bob makes an O shape with his mouth and rocks his head up and down.
 “Oh, I get it. You still think you get bit and then you’re all suave and powerful and educated like the movies? It ain't so, dude.”
“No?”
“Do you feel all suave and educated?”
He has a point. Other than the weird thirst for blood, I feel like the same confused guy I was over two weeks ago. Two weeks. Holy shit, I haven’t been to work in ten days.
“How am I gonna pay my rent, Bob? I haven’t been to work in ten days. And what am I supposed to do with her?”
Bob shakes his head.
“I live on a park bench, bro.”
Britney waves her hands, “Hello? I thought we were here to help me.”
I figured it wouldn't be long before she chimed in. Look at me. What about me. Help me. Poor me. 
“What do you want me to do?”
“You helped him. He said you did. We…” she motions between us. “We thought you could help me too.”
“Oh. Like I’m the Wizard of Oz or something? You think…Oh, I'm not sure smokin' weed is gonna help you, lady,” Bob says.
Britney smiles.
“Actually, I think that would help tremendously. I can smoke?”
“Apparently,” I say.
“Can I drink alcohol?”
“Haven't tried. Don't drink,” Bob says.
“He was vegan,” I add.
She gives us both an odd look. 
“How does that work?”
“It's weird. I just think of it as juice, and all is good. Pot helps…and I meditate a lot.”
He smiles. 
“Meditate about what?” Britney asks.
“Life. I figure, I'm gonna be around a long time. Life.”
“But we're dead,” I say.
“Are we, dude?” 
He leans over, his forehead touching my forehead and stares deep into my eyes. “Are we?”
The three of us exchange looks as the lights start going out in the businesses surrounding the park. The lights in my favorite Italian restaurant go out first. The scent of marinara sauce and oregano lingers. It's later than the last time I visited my surfer friend, and there are fewer people walking about. A few blocks over, I know it will be busy as the Friday night crowds are in the bars. Lucy's, where I found Britney, in particular. Something has just occurred to me. I never asked.
“Bob, who turned you?”
He looks at me with his head cocked and pulls an epic spliff from his cargo pants pocket.
“That's a story, dude. Gertrude is one bad-ass lady.”
“Gertrude?” Britney asks.
He pats the bench and she sits down. I do the same, but on the ground in front of them. Bob sparks up and passes it around.
“Gert is this old hooker that hangs out by the bus stop.”
“No shit,” I say. “I think I know who you're talking about.”
“Totally,” Bob says.
“She's a vampire?”
“She's the deadest, man.”
Britney shakes her head. 
“I'm not from here,” she says.
Bob nods. “Me either, lady. Listen, though. Gert's got a place, just for bat-people. We can go there tonight. Later…and I'll make the introductions. Say, David dude, I have something there that I think you will find interesting.”
“You mentioned that,” I say.
“I did?”
“You did.”
“Wicked. Hey, it could just be the thing that removes the tampon from your vampire panties.”
“You just called me a pussy again, didn’t you?”
“Totally,” he says, nodding. “First things first though, dude, and... ma’am.”
He holds up the tightly rolled joint and pats himself, looking for fire. I produce a lighter that I have taken to carrying. We smoke the joint, talking of longevity and of the things we miss. Dracula Bob misses surfing. Bob loves the ocean. He rambles on about water and how he'd like to get back to it.
“I do miss the salty brine,” he says in a bad pirate accent that doesn’t cover his own stoner-speak.
“Sounds beautiful,” Britney says.
“Yeah. Night surfing would be tits.”
She laughs. “Tits?”
He nods with a grin.
“Exactly, dude.”
With the moon high in the sky, most of the stragglers have left the bars. The streets are bare and all is quiet. Bob stands up and starts walking without a word. Britney and I share a chuckle and follow him down the street.

V------V

Dracula-Bob has an odd strut. It's a bouncy walk with a little stagger and he looks like he's always trying to maintain balance. We stick close behind, not knowing where he's taking us. For my part, I don't care. If I have to join a coven or a cult or gaggle of vampires, so be it. I can't go to the office and network people's computers like this. I wonder if they’ve looked for me…or if I’ve just been replaced? And I’ll need a better place than my apartment—and cheaper too. I'm thinking a dungeon might work, something gothic with candles and maybe a pet wolf.
We pass through a rundown portion of town, door after door of closed businesses. It looks like a place the undead would hang out. If not for the moths buzzing the street lamps, there'd be no life at all.
“Where the hell are we going?” Britney says.
Bob stops and turns around.
“Whoa,” he says, then laughs. “I totally forgot you guys were following me. Sorry. We’re heading to the bus station. If she's not out there, I'll find her at the club.”
“Club?” I ask.
Bob nods.
“Yup. We call it the Up All Nite. It used to be a pizza place, but now it's condemned.”
“And what do we do there?” Britney asks.
“I hang out there,” Bob says. “You might learn something. There’ll be other bat-people there. I don't know much about girl talk.”
“Girl talk?”
“Yeah, like maybe it affects you different than me and the dude here,” he says.
I look at her and shrug. She shakes her head.
“I'm screwed,” she says.
“Probably,” I say. “Bob, what is this thing you want to show me?”
“Huh?” he says.
“You said you had something there that might interest me?”
“I have no idea what you’re talkin’ about dude.”
“Really?” I say.
He stares at me for a few minutes.
“You said it would help me remove the tampon from my vampire panties?” I repeat, making air quotes—a gesture I can’t stand.
“Oh. Ha ha. Yeah. That. All in due time, dude. Something I’ve been growing. I think you’ll approve most appreciatively.” 
“Is that a word?” I ask. “Appreciatively?”
He shrugs and starts walking again.
In the street ahead, I see the glowing sign for the bus station. There's a lamp on the corner and its post makes one of the four uprights of the covered bus stop. A figure sits on the bench inside. It's a familiar sight, one I'd driven by many times in the past. It must be Gertrude.
“There she blows!” Bob says as we approach. 
He chuckles, and then squints and chuckles again in his special way. “Um, no shit, dude. She’s blowin’ right now.”
Britney peers into the darkness as if interested. I cover my eyes and shake my head. The figure peeks out from under the cover of the bus stop. An older woman in a tank top that is stretched out, showing sagging cleavage. Her face is painted and adorned with dangly earrings. She stands up slowly, wiping her mouth and tucking a few bills into her bra. The young man who was with her ducks into the shadows and then runs away, hiding his face from view. Gertrude presents her whole self under the glow of the street lamp. 
“You lookin’ for a date?” she asks.
Her voice is raspy, ruined by half a century or more of smoking. She does her best to cock one hip to the side in a sexy pose. Her skirt hugs her bulging, cellulite pocked legs. It is short enough to leave nothing to imagination, and more disgusting than I'd ever imagined. The whole scene comes across as pitiful, but somehow charming.
“Gert, it's me, Bob.”
“Who?”
“Bob. You bit me like…six months ago.”
She peers into the darkness at him, and as he comes into the same halo of light with her, starts laughing. The three of us join her. She puts a hand on Bob's shoulder and runs the fingers of her other hand along the wrinkled line of breast meat that's exposed on her chest.
“Gert, you do remember me, right?”
He smiles a broad, goofy grin. She raises and eyebrow and looks at him with bloodshot eyes. After an uncomfortable minute, she shakes her head.
“Nope. Don't know you from Adam.”
Bob looks back at us and shrugs.
“Gert. You bit me, turned me into a bloodsucker. These are… well, he’s like your grandbat and I guess that’d make her your great grandbat.”
Gert points her gaze at me, then at Britney. She shakes her head.
“Don't see it. What you say your name was again?” she asks.
Britney sighs. “What the hell kinda help is she gonna be? She doesn't even know you, Bob.”
“Now hold your pretty little titties, girlie. I sucked on a lotta men in a lotta different ways. Takes me a while sometimes to sort out all them danglin' parts.”
Bob smiles at her and I stand looking in disbelief at the band of idiots I've surrounded myself with. The bus station backdrop and puddled sidewalk complete the image in some alternate universe where I was never meant to tread.
“Gert, come on, dude. It's me.”
The old woman looks at him again, grabbing his shoulders and turning him toward the light. She cocks her head one way and then another.
“You dead?” she says.
Bob nods, smiling like an idiot. She sniffs the air.
“You all dead?”
I nod.
“You the surfer boy who asked me for directions a while back?”
Bob jumped up and clapped his hands. He actually jumped. It was oddly out of character and is a sight I will not soon forget.
“Yes, that's me! I asked you where I could find a vegan restaurant and you laughed and showed me your boobies. When I cringed and looked away, you bit me. It was crazy.”
He nodded, smiling as if remembering the good ol' days and then added, “In that alley right there.”
We all turn and look at the alley. It's dark and surrounded by brick buildings. The lamp light doesn't reach inside it. Gert hugs Bob and leaves an arm around him. The flab of her belly pokes out from under the threadbare, glittery top.
“Sorry folks. My mind ain't what it used to be.”
I shake my head, confused.
“So being a vampire doesn't improve anything at all?”
Gert laughs, a deep belly laugh.
“Shit no. Nothin' but the lifespan. If I had some advice fo' ya, it'd be this: Make sure you get bit in your prime. Girlie there, she be okay. Not so sure about you… what's your name?”
She's looking at me. It's not the news I want to hear.
“David.”
“Well, David, at least things won't get no worse.”
“Thanks,” I say.

V------V

I have a hard time following Gertrude in that backless, glittery top. The bags of old flabby skin on her back are almost as pronounced as the bags of old flabby breasts on her front. She jiggles as she opens the alley door to the old restaurant. I see the massive, chain-driven pizza oven and a counter where toppings once were slung. Cans and containers of dried spices still live on the shelves. I hear voices coming from the dining area, and see the soft glow of mood lighting. 
“What's up bitches and witches?” Gertrude shouts.
“Hey Gert!” many pale-skinned folks reply in unison.
The lot of them, twelve or so, smile and take turns hugging her, then go back to their conversations. She is like their rather disgusting queen. Smoke hangs thick in the air. The whole place smells like Bob, with faint overtones of oregano.
“Have a seat,” Gert says.
Britney and I slide into a booth. The seats are dark blue and the tables are veneered with fake butcher block. Empty salt and pepper shakers sit next to moldy cans of parmesan cheese. No one addresses us. Great. I guess travelling with the queen doesn’t give us any advantages either.
“Friendly fuckers,” I say.
“Don't mind them,” Gert says. “They're just as pissed off as you are. Tryin' to figure out their new diet and why they didn’t get superpowers.”
Bob nods and pats me on the shoulder as he slides into the booth. His face is clear for a change and he is looking right at me.
“That thing I wanted to show you? It's here.”
“What is it?” I ask.
He smiles, and claps his hands. “Waiter!” he shouts.
A thin, withered old man comes to the table dressed in a black suit and bow tie.
“Hello Bob,” he says. 
His voice sounds cartoonish, nasal and weak.
“Stu, guys. Guys, Stu.”
Britney and I nod and Gert runs her tongue over her lips, trying to be sexy. Stu gags.
“Bring me some of the latest batch.”
Stu nods and shuffles off to the back.
“Bob?” I say. “What batch…what is it?”
He leans over the table and looks at Britney, then at me like he's got covert information.
“I call it, the Unweed. It is ganja mortis, dude.”
I'm not impressed. Better weed isn’t going to help me, although it definitely isn't hurting.
“So?” I say.
 He sits back and crosses his arms, visibly hurt by my apathy.
“So? How can you say…so?”
“It's weed. What's the big deal?”
Bob laughs. Ho ho ho like some stoned, skeletal Santa Claus.
“No, it's unweed, man. Weed for us. Undead weed…like us.”
Okay, now he has my interest. If nothing else, than for the pure stupidity in what he's saying.
“Unweed?” Britney asks, her face a picture of eighties valley-girl disapproval.
“Yeah,” Bob says.
Stu shuffles out of the back holding a tray. On said tray are several different objects. As he approaches, we see some tightly rolled cigarettes, some loose, dried buds, and one huge brownie. The buds are an odd color, red like blood.
“There's my girl,” Bob says.
He looks at it with the love a new mother shows her firstborn. With one hand, he reaches out and grabs a cigarette and drags it across his upper lip like an expensive cigar, breathing in its aroma.
“Grown in graveyard soil, fertilized with dead flesh… this shit only grows in direct moonlight, and it can only be pollinated or harvested by a bat-person’s hand, dude.”
“Fertilized with dead flesh? That's nasty,” Britney says.
“No. That's the alternative,” Bob says. “Vegan bat-food, man. Smoke this, no blood required.”
My ears perk up. “No shit?”
“Yup. Not a drop. I’ve been testing it for months, but this last batch works. You can still be a total pussy...and be a vampire, dude.”
I take a pinch from the brownie and chew it up. The consistency is dry and gritty, with a flavor like bitter chocolate dipped in asparagus juice. It smells like rot.
“This is awful.”
“I know, man. Isn't it great? Wait till the buzz kicks in.”
“Can I smoke it instead?”
“Sure, but the brownie works way better. It’s my own special recipe.”
I eat another bite. Britney tastes it as well. Her face crinkles into anguish and she spits it on the floor. Stu rolls his eyes and bops off, my guess is to get a broom. Bob laughs. Gert mingles in the background but she is heading our way.
“I can't eat this,” Britney says.
“Can you drink blood?” I ask her.
She shrugs. She probably could, she seems the type. Part prom queen, part nightmare, all drama. I feel a slap on my shoulder. It’s Gertrude, smirking.
“Drink blood?” she says and smiles at Britney. “Girl, if you can suck a dick, you can do anything.”
Britney laughs.
“Come on honey, I'll show you how it's done.”
“Sucking dick or drinking blood?” Britney asks.
Gert shrugs. “Whatever the night brings us, honey.”
Britney grabs one of the rolled smokes from the tray and leaves, arm in arm, with Gertrude. I take another bite of the brownie. Strangely, it tastes better, and my skin starts to tingle.
“Can we turn into bats, Bob?” I ask.
“I haven’t yet. But if we eat enough of this shit, who knows, bro?”

..ooOOoo..

ROTTEN LUCK

I don’t like zombies…I think things that are buried should stay that way. It’s just the way it should be.

LEVI PUTS BODIES in the ground for a living. It’s not as bad a gig as you might think. At least until they start coming back up. 

*****

SEVERAL DAYS AGO…

Dew settled in all the right places, making for some beautiful photography out there in the countryside. Levi Jessup didn’t give a crap about any of that. The beat-down green pickup was being a right bitch that morning. He just wanted to get to work so he could sooner get back to his case of beer that was chilling in the fridge, and whatever his wife was cooking up that night. 
“Whore,” he said to the old truck and kicked one of her tires.
The Chevrolet was over twenty years old and had over three hundred thousand miles on it. Reliable was an understatement. That is, until winter turns into spring and then she seemed to take her time getting acclimated. 
“Fat, fucking whore,” he said.
He stammered and sputtered curses, sounding much like the old motor itself. Both were too tired to crank. Fumbling around in the engine compartment, he banged here and twisted there until the old Chevy finally thundered to life sending a cloud of black smoke off into the atmosphere.
 “Sum bitch,” Levi said, and wiped his brow with an old handkerchief.
“Off to the tombs, ma!” he hollered.
“Love you much!” his wife, Aggie, yelled from the doorway where she’d been watching.
They waved at one another as he drove off, headed to Bristol Memorial Gardens to begin his day. There weren’t many folks in that area…even less waiting to be buried in those parts, but being late always made him feel like funeral directors from every corner of the county were calling and wondering where he’d been. When the weather warmed up, so did business. People were more apt to die when the sun was out. It just seemed to him like the way it had always been. 
What was different that day was the man waiting at the front steps of the office. The first time Levi could remember anyone alive waiting on him when he came through the gate and parked. An elderly gentleman with skin so dark he looked plastic. Deep wrinkles cut into his face obscuring the other features. The old men waved at each other—a quick one hand salute—as Levi climbed from the truck.
“Mornin’,” he said.
“Same to ya,” the stranger replied with a heavy accent.
“Sorry I’m late. How can I help you?”
“Not to worry. Nobody out dere in no hurry,” the man said looking at the graveyard. “Name Demonde.”
“Levi.”
They shook hands and Levi unlocked the front door so they could go inside. He flipped a light switch and then another switch, turning on the air conditioner which hung in the window. It blew cold air at first, but warmed up soon enough. Demonde sat his brittle old bones in the chair facing the desk with a slight groan. 
“Now then, what can Levi do for you, Mr. Demonde?”
“Not mister. Jus’ Demonde,” he said.
“Okay then,” Levi said with a smile.
“I got a problem wit dis cemetery,” he began.
“I’m sorry to hear that. What can I do to help?”
Levi leaned his elbows on the desk between the phone and the flyswatter. Irritated, he wanted Demonde to get to the point.
“My momma buried out dere. Took me a long time to find her, but dere she go,” he said.
“Is something wrong with her grave site? Sometimes them head stones crack, or the grass grows over the marker…” Levi said.
Demonde interrupted holding his hand up, “I want her moved.”
Levi halted at the odd request. He had seen paperwork somewhere about transferring a body, but the subject hadn’t come up in decades.
“We can arrange for a transfer of the body. There’s a right heap of paperwork involved, lots of legal mumbo jumbo.”
“I take her wit me.”
“I’m not sure we can do that. Maybe you should talk to a funeral home?”
“Done dat. Dey weren’t no hep. I take her wit me,” he said, his gaze as cold and solid as marble.
Levi scrubbed his stubble with his thumb.
“Let me make some phone calls and see what I can find out,” said Levi.
Demonde studied Levi for a minute, those black brown irises in their yellowed corneas working hard, searching for truth.
“All right. You make dem calls. I come by in da mornin’ to collect her.”
Levi laughed with a single, startled breath.
“It’ll take more than one day. Hows ‘bout I call you when I get some news?”
“Ain’ no time. He comin’,” Demonde said.
“Who? Who’s coming?”
The old man stood slowly and walked to the door before he answered.
“Shadowman comin’.”
With that, he closed the door. Levi struggled to get up and follow, but when he opened the door, Demonde was nowhere to be found. A scrap of paper was on the steps. When he opened it, scribbled in what looked like charcoal or ash was a single word:
Bondye
“Crazy ol’ bastard,” he said and looked at the paper.
He held it in his hand for a moment before shoving it deep into his pocket. Then he went inside, he checked the messages on his phone. There were none which was strange, but not unheard of. The calendar listed two graves he needed to dig. He checked the plots on the map but before heading outside to get the backhoe, he called the funeral director at Hawkins.
 “Hawkins Funeral Home, how may I help you?”
“You sound pretty damn chipper,” Levi said into the phone.
“Morning, Levi,” Bob Hawkins said. “Not much reason to complain in this business. The customers can always one-up me.”
“Show offs,” Levi replied.
“What can I do ya for?”
“I have an odd request. Old man named Demonde came by this mornin’ askin’ to transfer his mother’s body. Said he wanted to take her with him. That some crazy shit or what?”
“Demonde. Yep. He came round here a day or so ago. Didn’t want to wait for the exhumation license or any of the red tape. I think he might be doin’ his fishin’ without bait.”
Levi chuckled, “Yeah, maybe. Said he was comin’ back in the mornin’ to collect her before the Shadowman came. Know anything about that?”
“Um. No,” Bob said.
“How bout a Bondye? Ring any bells?”
“Can’t say it does. I wouldn’t worry about it. He looked about ninety years old, he’ll probably be seein’ both of us soon enough, Levi.”
“True. Thanks, Bob. You have a good’un.”
Levi hung up and sat for a moment. Then he pulled the paper scrap from his pocket and looked at it again.
“Maybe that’s his last name. Or his momma’s name,” he said to no one.
He pulled out a ledger and drug his index finger along the columns searching through the B’s and the D’s for ‘Demonde’ or ‘Bondye’ and found nothing.
“Fishin’ without bait,” he said and took the backhoe out to dig his two for the day. 
Once the plots were dressed the way he liked them, he put the old diesel back in its shed and checked the hour. Watch showed close to four. Time to punch out.

*****

“YOU’RE EARLY,” said Aggie.
“Yep. Guess folks are livin’ longer than they used to,” he said and kissed her on the cheek. 
She smiled and hugged him. That very conversation had been their daily ritual for the past thirty-five years.
“Anything interesting today?” she asked. 
Levi pulled a beer from the refrigerator and twisted off the screw cap, taking a swig.
“Yep. For a change, there was,” he said and recounted the story.
She reacted with her usual calm grace, “Bondye? Never heard of it. Never heard of Demonde either. He from round here?”
Levi looked as if he hadn’t considered it before.
“Not likely, he had a strange accent. Caribbean maybe.”
Aggie sat down at their computer and typed the word into a search engine.
“Says here ‘Bondye’ is a Creole word for ‘Good God’. Maybe he dropped it,” she said.
“Creole? That fits the accent, I guess. I’ll give it back to him when and if he stops back by. Told me he’d be back in the morning,” he said.
He tossed the empty brown bottle in the trash and reached in for another.
“Mm hmm,” she said. “You hungry?”
“You know it.”
They sat down to dinner and then some television before bed time. Levi didn’t give Demonde a second thought.

*****

MORNING CAME AGAIN. Levi rose early to get a jump on the fat whore truck. He kissed Aggie and then beat and banged on the old Chevy, finally getting it rumbling and left for work. 
Rolling into the lot by his office, he was relieved to see no one waiting for him. He unlocked the door and flipped the usual switches, then proceeded to his desk to check for phone messages. When he turned to sit he was startled to see old Demonde standing in the room.
“How’d you get in here?” he shrieked.
Demonde turned and gestured at the door.
“It were open.”
“I guess. You a sneaky fella ain’t ya?” Levi said, shaking off the willies.
“I need ta take momma home. Shadowman comin’,” he said as if it wasn’t awkward or strange.
“The funeral director over to Hawkins says it’ll take time. There’s licenses and such. Also need a pastor or priest to grant permission for breaking holy ground.”
“Ground not holy ta me. Momma sufferin’. Bondye angry.”
“Not holy to you?” Levi asked.
“Bondye da only God,” Demonde said. “Dis ain’t a holy place in his eyes.”
“But it is a holy place to most of the families got loved ones out there,” Levi said.
“Dat’s what make dis important, Mr. Levi. Da Shadowman come ta curse all da bodies in dat boneyard if he don’ get what he want. He make ‘em all wander if he see fit. Wake ‘em each till he find my momma and take her home,” he said and let out a rasping, wheezy giggle. 
It sent a chill down Levi’s spine.
“What you talkin’ bout? You sayin’…zombies?” asked Levi.
“Zombie. Dat right. A whole mess o’ dem.”
Levi turned red in the face and stood, shoving his chair back where it smashed into the wall behind.
“You nuts.”
“Bah,” Demonde said. “I ain’t be crazy. You listen to Demonde. I tell da truth.”
 “You get on outta my office. Get on outta my grave yard. Don’t you ever come back! Crazy sumbitch.”
Demonde cackled, his old eyes watering. He wiped them dry with the back of his hand. Levi slapped his hand on the desktop. 
“Out!” Levi shouted, pointing at the door.
Demonde stopped cackling and his gaze went cold. He showed no fear of Levi but calmly stood, and never lost eye contact.
“Ya choice. Don’t come cryin’ ta me once he here. And don’t go prayin’ for mercy either. Won’t do ya no good,” he said.
Levi couldn’t speak. He was too angry to have wasted his time with an old lunatic, half off his nut. He raised his hand and pointed to the door.
Demonde opened the door and turned. “Best o’ luck,” he said, and laughed a hearty laugh as he disappeared into the sunlight that streamed through the entry.
Levi exhaled loudly. He sat back at his desk and drummed his fingers for a moment before dialing home to talk to his wife. 
“Zombies,” he said as she answered.
“What? Levi, that you?” she said.
“Crazy old goat was in here talkin’ about zombies! Said the Shadowman was gonna wake the dead in my cemetery, searching until they found his momma. Like she’s trapped in here or somethin’ and his God is all pissy about it.”
“That sounds very unpleasant,” she said.
“Unpleasant? All you got is ‘unpleasant’?” he asked, noticeably perturbed.
“What do you expect? You don’t believe him do you?”
“Shit no. Should I?”
“Levi.”
It was all he needed to ground himself. He told her goodbye and hung the phone up. Still, he felt uneasy. 
Such a story. Stinks of bullshit stronger than anything I ever smelt or heard.
Levi left to go out to the west side plots. There were two graves to be dug over there—a pair of teenagers who died in a car accident. If old Demonde was correct, those two kids might only get a nap.
Levi strolled out to the shed to get the backhoe. He unlocked the padlock on the bay door to raise it and looked over his shoulder in each direction before going in. The diesel motor rumbled, and he drove it out toward the west.
A couple hours later and he was done. The machine sputtered as it idled, stopping just long enough for Levi to wipe his brow with his same old handkerchief and to take a sip of water from a jug he kept with him while he worked. Across the way, a woman stood over a grave. He assumed she was paying her respects. 
“Lord bless you and yours,” he said quietly. 
It was what he always said when someone came to visit their loved ones in his cemetery.
What he couldn’t see was her tattered, dry-rotted clothes or that her skull had poked through the skin it was wrapped in. Her eye sockets were empty of the worm food that once showed her the way. She shuffled out of his field of view. Shadowman had come.

*****

LEVI PARKED THE old yellow Cat back inside the shed and dismounted with a grunt. Snapping the padlock shut, he wandered back to the office. As he navigated the steps to the door a strange feeling came over him. His forehead beaded in drops of cold sweat and his stomach raged like a storm at sea.
An unseen hand whirled him around to face a misty creature. As he stared it materialized into a black fog. It leaned in close to his face.
“Show me what I seeek,” it hissed.
Its breath smelled like fresh-dug soil and rot. Levi couldn’t move, couldn’t breathe and couldn’t speak.
“Show me what I seeek,” it repeated.
It swirled and came in and out of focus like a cloud of tiny gnats.
“I d-don’t know what y-you want,” Levi stuttered, more nauseous than before.
Is this the Shadowman?
“You have one of my childrennn,” it said, “give her back to mee.”
“Y-you’re the sh-shadow m-man?”
“Show meee,” it said.
Demonde’s mother. It wants Demonde’s mother.
 “I make dem all wanderrr till you show meee what I seeek.” 
“I should’ve dug the bitch up,” Levi said.
He stumbled down the steps and attempted running away. He sprinted to the grave sites looking for any name that might be her. Twenty five years he’d been running that land and he couldn’t recall burying anyone who wasn’t local, anyone he didn’t know, or at least know their family—recognize a name. 
He scrambled, brushing away grass clipping from the markers and glancing at each headstone. Every so often he caught a glimpse of the black mist as it stalked him, but keeping a slight distance. It seemed satisfied that he was looking.
Row after row he searched. Johnson, Smith, Andrews, Jacobs, Stubbins. All people he’d gone to church with. Folks who invited him and Aggie to their children’s weddings, cookouts...nothing was out of the ordinary aside from the specter that watched his every move.
“Find herrr,” it said on the breeze.
“I don’t know who I’m looking for!” he shouted.
It was on top of him then, covering him in the smell of moist death.
“Thennn I will help youuu.”
He had no idea what that meant. In a flurry, the Shadowman disappeared under the ground beneath a cross-shaped headstone. The earth exploded in a burst of dirt and chunks of sod. Levi was blown back by the blast, falling on his backside and losing his breath momentarily.
Propping himself on one elbow, he wiped at his eyes, trying to clear the debris. Through the dust, he watched a body crawl out of that hole. It was a man, but decayed beyond recognition, its hair grown long and gray. The black mist swirled around the undead being before darting off. 
Levi stood and brushed himself off unable to take his eyes from the zombie.
BOOM!
Another explosion of dirt thundered several rows away. The grave digger staggered away from the shambling monster and looked toward the new sound. Another body crawled from the earth. There was another explosion…and another resurrection…and another.
Levi ran in the opposite direction of one noise only to be herded by another. Mayhem circled him and the Shadowman’s undead minions closed in. They moaned as if in emotional pain, mourning either the loss of their own lives or perhaps the loss of their eternal rest. Skeletal hands reached for him and bones rattled and clacked as they walked stiffly toward their target.
There were dozens now and more exploding grave sites every second. Levi was frantic. Every way he turned, another shuffled toward him until they had him in their clutches. He fought, kicking his feet and flailing his hands. He screamed. Brittle limbs snapped and shattered under the weight of his boots. Stinking teeth bit at the skin of Levi’s face and arms, and rotting hands tore at his denim jeans. 
He broke free of them, but only to be caught by others. They were thick and swarmed him like a school of hungry piranha, jaws clacking together, bones shaking, moaning. The sound built into a symphony of dread, a chattering 1812 Overture of decay.
When the explosions stopped, Levi looked into the distance and stopped screaming. The sound dwindled down to the rattling of bones and the crunch of grass and leaves from undead footsteps. Demonde stood on the hill with a woman in a dress. They watched as the first shambler's teeth broke Levi's skin. Then they turned, arm and arm, and disappeared from his strained viewpoint.
Levi first screamed in agony…until his scream became a laugh. That laugh turned first into a gurgle, then silence as the swarm closed in. 

..ooOOoo..

THE DEMON OF WALKER’S WOODS
 
Every town has one, the haunted house, the creepy neighbor, that place that exudes darkness…For us, in the town where I grew up, it was Crazy Mary. 

“Eunice Stubbins, Devil Woman, never shows her face.
Those who see her disappear, they’re gone without a trace.
She smells of death and wears all black while sitting all alone,
On cushions made of children’s skin and furniture of bone.”

- The Children of Walker’s Woods


 REMEMBERING
 
EUNICE STUBBINS. It was a silly name, even then. Something that sounded made up, but it wasn’t…she wasn’t. Even as an adult, that name jerked me from my comfortable surroundings and returned me to paralyzed terror. It made me an eight-year-old again, quaking and crying under my covers…afraid for my very soul. For decades I've tried not to think about her but today I received a package from an old friend. Inside was a note that said:

“Hello Sam, 
My dear friend. I hope this finds you well and gives you some long overdue peace.
Always, Erin.”

Stapled to the note was an obituary that had been clipped from my hometown newspaper…and there she was. She’d only spoken to me one time, something I've always regretted. 
If you’d asked me this morning, I’d have sworn she'd seen a hundred and twenty-five Christmases. The obituary says she died at eighty-nine. That would've put her just shy of sixty back then, and that is incomprehensible to me. Even taking into account the inflation caused by the imagination of a small boy, she had to be ninety when we were neighbors. The oldest woman…if woman is even suitable…I’d ever known. She lived in the neighborhood’s haunted house. In memories, it was shaded by storm clouds and guarded by an angry black cat, although those could be embellishments. 
You're dead now, you evil bitch and I hope you’re in hell where you belong, forever being torn apart by all the children you took. Now maybe I can sleep.
 I went back home once when I was thirty years old. There on business, something dared me to drive through, and I took the dare. As a child, my neighborhood was an empire and my bedroom a fortress where I often got lost. As a grown-up, the old town seemed somehow compressed. The yards were small; the houses grouped too close together. My old ten-by-ten room would’ve been claustrophobic had I gone inside. That was eight years ago.
Old Eunice lived in a run-down house with vacant lots situated on either side. Those three lots were on the corner of the street we lived on, Rutledge Way, and the cross street that led into town, McNeill Road. It was only a few doors down from where I lived. We kids knew those empty lots stayed empty because no one could stand the smell of the rotten, decaying children she most assuredly preyed on—those who had been stupid enough to try and sell her Girl Scout cookies or school band candy bars. We stared at the house whenever we passed, but held our breath. It was an unspoken law.
The house’s structure loomed three stories high with dormers spaced as if they were the eyes and nose of an old and wise creature. Peeling paint and creaky boards held together a rundown porch and wooden railings looked like the jagged teeth of a crazy homeless person. The vegetation was scraggly and brown but grew up wild and tall nonetheless. 
A crusty old cyclone fence lined the perimeter and weeds climbed it as if trying to escape. The rest of the yard was barren save for a couple of concrete bird baths that never contained water. One ancient oak tree stood next to the house. It looked like a gnarled arthritic hand, especially terrifying on windy autumn evenings when the sun was low and crows lined its branches.
It was the kind of place that bred festering legends amongst local youth, daring them to run up and touch it on full-moon nights. It was the place older kids used to scare younger siblings into submission. Eunice will get you if you tell mom or Eunice will get you if you touch my candy or even If you don’t help me clean my room, Eunice will get you are some of the threats I’d heard.
Parents stoked those fires as well. Do your homework…mow the lawn…eat your beans…or—you guessed it folks—Eunice will get you.
Until I read that obituary, I imagined she still haunted the kids of Walker’s Woods. A handful of people I grew up with still live there or really close by, and it wouldn’t surprise me if they’d passed on the tale of Eunice, the Devil Woman to their own offspring. It just takes one person telling that story to keep it alive and breathing like some terrible thing kept chained to the wall—use only in case of emergency—and like any tall tale, the more you feed it, the bigger and hungrier it gets.
I saw her often back when I was maybe four or five years old. She used to sweep her front steps and walkway, and on occasion, she even left in her car. We weren't permitted to play near the Stubbins Place, always mentioned with air quotes. Mom considered us a nuisance to the poor old woman, or so she said. I think she was afraid of Eunice. All of the adults on our street were. My older brother Kevin and I tempted fate sometimes when boredom was too much and we would drift toward that house, but one of the neighborhood moms or dads always sniffed us out and steered us home. 
Parents talked about Eunice.
“She’s just not quite right,” one would say.
“I know. That poor woman,” another would answer. 
We learned a lot listening to the moms who had gathered in our kitchen to sip coffee or eat lunch with our own mother. They never talked about housework or cooking. It was always more interesting than that. 
Once, my mother told my father, “She never speaks! And she wears that black dress every day. You know, I was behind her at the post office last week and she…well, she smelled terrible.”
Dad said, “I wonder if there's any family to speak of, someone to take care of her, or at least check in on her?”
They called her poor and feigned worry but no one offered help. No one was neighborly enough to ask if she needed anything. Old Eunice just had that groove. 
“Keep Away!” it said.
It wasn’t long after eavesdropping on that conversation when I stopped seeing her pilgrimages to the mailbox. There was a new brass mail-slot installed on her front door. It gleamed next to the rotten wood and faded paint. She stopped driving altogether, and left her old AMC Pacer parked out on the curb for months at a time. Joe's Tow and Stow came and took it one day. The bulbous windows and odd shape of the vehicle made it look just like a fish bowl being dragged down the road. 
Until I got my driver’s license, I kept two sets of friends—school friends and neighborhood friends. I think most kids do. From my experience, the neighborhood friends were two things: 
Convenient and real. 
We clung to each because we were all we had. There were three months of freedom each summer and no time to decide who was cool or who was worthy. Once all the labels were removed, the playing field was leveled and kids acted more natural. More like kids. It was about adventure and packing as much into life as you could, passing out from exhaustion that night, and starting over the next day. I loved the neighborhood kids because they were silly. Everyone found a way to fit in.
Those were the relationships that mattered to me. The ones I won’t ever forget, because we shared real things. We got in trouble together and watched each other's backs. We trusted and we made and kept promises. We pinky swore.
No matter what happens, this goes to the grave.
I’d show up to help each one of them in a hundred years if they asked, and I expect they’d do the same for me.

WONDER

-1981-
OUR CREW STOOD in Jason Walker’s front yard and watched as the car left. It was a safe enough distance away from the creepy lady’s house and didn’t draw parental attention while we spied on the man with the tow truck when he knocked on her door. As we watched, none of us speaking, he peered in the window, shrugged and then slipped something in through the mail slot. A minute later, he was using a winch to drag the fish bowl’s front tires onto a tow trailer.
“Do ya think she finally died?” asked Jason.
“She sure does smell like it,” Erin said causing giggles.
“You never smelled her,” Jason said.
“Did too. Smelled almost as bad as you,” she said.
“I’ll give you something to smell you litt…”
I interrupted with a tale of my own. 
“One morning on my way to the bus stop, I walked by that car,” I said.
“You're a liar. My momma says you'll go to hell for that,” Jason said, high and mighty. 
He hated me and as far as I could tell, he everyone else too.
“There ain't a lot your momma doesn't say,” said Kevin, my brother and best ally.
I continued, “The rear windows were covered with greasy fingerprints and the seats had old quilts on them.”
“So?” Jason said.
“The fingerprints were on the inside of the glass, and only in the back windows. The hands that made them were small. I think those quilts were there to cover up the blood stains.”
They didn’t heckle that part. Even Jason looked upset. I watched that car, remembering those quilts and handprints. I also remembered the way its faded black paint was all blistered like fair skin with a bad sunburn. 
“Now I always walk on our side of the street,” I finished. 
They shook their heads in unison and we all watched the wrecker roll away.
I didn’t see Eunice for months after that, only the occasional flicker of drapery or a glimpse of shadow in the window at night if the interior lights were on. She never swept the porch steps or walkway again. That was when Lawn-guy started showing up.

*****

FROM MARCH UNTIL October of that year, he came once a week to cut the grass and keep the yard just neat enough so the neighbors didn’t complain. I don't know how he got paid for his work because I never saw the lawn-guy speak to her. He never went to the door, and she never came out. We were watching, too. 
Every day, starting in mid-May when school let out we hawked that house, little private investigators. From early morning until late at night, someone’s eyeballs were on the property of the freaky woman, all dressed in black. We dubbed her the Devil Woman.

*****

KEVIN, JASON, ADAM, Erin and I—I’m Sam—had adventure on the brain that summer. Kevin and Jason were thirteen, almost fourteen, and were born on the same day. Adam, Jason’s brother, was eleven years old and two months my senior. Thankfully, he never held that over my head. Erin was the only girl.
June was hot, school was out and we were heavy into a game of front yard baseball. All eyes widened as the rusty gray van with no windows drove up and parked in front of her house. It just drove up and parked there. That wasn’t done. It just wasn’t. I was so stunned I didn’t even notice the baseball as it whizzed by me, millimeters from my face, and rolled under the hedge.
“Can you believe the stones that guy must have in his shorts for parking right there?” Kevin asked.
“Do you think he knows what’s livin’ in there?” Erin said.
We followed with a chorus of, “Bum bum bummm,” singing that warning music from every late night scary movie. 
Standing motionless, we faced the van in awe. I expected a giant, axe-wielding, ninja-barbarian to burst forth from the Chevy. He would’ve been summoned from the pages of my comic collection to slay the bloodthirsty fiend that hid within those walls. An epic battle, no doubt. 
Instead we saw a grungy looking man in his mid-thirties slide from the driver’s side door and plop to the ground. He wore work boots with stained and dusty coveralls and a ball cap from Napa Auto Parts. It was oily with a salty ring of sweat around the headband. His hair was greasy and thick and stuck out around the cap in sweaty clumps. A shave and a bath might’ve helped his appearance…and he exuded what is best described as simplicity. 
“He's doomed,” I said.
The gang nodded.
“Wasted.”
“Toast.”
The van bore no company logo and neither did his clothes, but when he opened the back doors and pulled out a small push mower and a gas can, he looked right at home. Lawn-guy took his hat off to wipe his brow with a dirty sleeve and only succeeded in mixing together the grime of both before replacing his dingy cover. 
We watched him pour gas into the spout on the mower, put the container back in the van and shut the doors as if he was diffusing a bomb to save the day. Lawn-guy looked around a couple times, then wheeled the mower up over the curb onto the sidewalk stopped there to light a cigarette. He cranked the mower with one pull and proceeded to cut, smoking the whole time. 
Some of our mouths were open and I’m pretty sure no one blinked. After what seemed an eternity, Erin piped up.
“What the hell does that slimy fool think he’s doing?” she said.
“Obviously he was sent by the police to cut her grass ‘cause the neighbors complained,” my brother said. “There’s rules against letting your yard go and stuff like that.”
“Really?” I asked. “Rules about cutting your grass? I thought you just did it because your dad made you.”
“And so snakes and things don’t move in,” Adam added.
“Shut up you little fart stains.” Jason barked.
He continued to stare in amazement at the greasy lawn man. Fart stain was one of his more eloquent terms and he used it often. I figured fart stains were something he probably knew a lot about. Kevin shot him a disapproving look and then looked back toward the sound of the mower and the man who followed it. I think we were all waiting to see if she would come outside. Maybe she would eat him, or kill him all Jason-style…or maybe she would turn him into a rat and then fly off on her broom. 
After about fifteen minutes, he stopped the mower, wheeled it back to the van and placed it inside. Then he started up the motor and drove off with a backfire. 
“He never looked at the house, knocked on the door or anything, just mowed and left,” Erin said.
She was right. He only cut the front yard from one edge of the wraparound porch to the other. Just enough to frame the old run down house out to the street.
“Maybe she died and he’s cutting the grass so they can sell it?” said Erin. 
“There’s no for-sale sign. Besides, if she was dead we would’ve heard something. There would be a block party,” Kevin said. 
Erin said, “I doubt we’d hear anything until the stench of her old dead body was so bad the police started snooping around. I saw this movie once…”
Jason interrupted Erin’s speech. “Who cares, you turds? Let’s play ball!” 
He broke the spell that Lawn-guy had cast over all of us with his sheer volume, his single most impressive trait.
“You're a turd!” Was all I could think to say.
Jason charged at me, but Kevin got in between us and patted him on the shoulder.
“Hey, why don’t you pitch?” he said. 
Jason glared at me over Kevin’s shoulder, just a quick look to let me know I was on his list.
“I’m not a turd,” I said. “Am I?”
Adam nodded a lot, but didn’t speak a word during the whole conversation. He'd rather be a turd than get thrashed by his brother. When Jason turned his back, Adam smiled at me.
For a while, we went back to our game of baseball. Then we split up, older boys playing catch while the three younger kids decided to dig for bugs around the front flowerbed.
“Are you two scared of that lady?” asked Erin. 
I was terrified of her if for no other reason than she was old. The elderly scared me, except for Gramma and Pops. They were fine, but other old people looked like skeletons with loose skin and fake teeth.
“No,” I lied, then put Adam on the spot. “You?”
He shook his head up and down without shame, his eyes like golf balls. His cheeks turned red and he rubbed his brown hair out of his face before declaring, “Look, a juicy one!” We giggled as the worm slimed loose from his pincer-like grasp and landed back in the soil.
“Me too,” said Erin. “I’m not scared of much, but she creeps me the hell out. Momma says she’s strange in a bad way.” 
Adam looked satisfied as she agreed with him. She was much tougher than he was. Erin Chambers was ten and a half and a tomboy. I thought the moon rose and set in her bright green eyes. She had dingy brown hair, freckles across her nose and a smile that twinkled with the promise of mayhem...and she had a better bike than I did. 
She was my best friend and because she was a girl, she could stand up to Jason. Adam was shy and quiet, except around me. My best description of his was along for the ride. Wherever Erin and I went, Adam followed, no complaints, no arguments.
“My mom says she smells terrible, jus’ like butt and cat food,” I said in a half-whisper.
Much of what we said we delivered this way, as if classified and for their ears only. Erin twisted up the lower part of her face and made gagging noises.
“That’s just nasty,” she said.
Adam's head rocked back and forth in agreement, his face also scrunched like he smelled a skunk’s asshole. The conversation continued on for an hour or so, each of us trying to best the other on gross descriptions of the way our neighbor smelled. We were very cruel…and very descriptive. 
Dinnertime came and each went his separate ways. The gears turned in my head about Eunice Stubbins. I didn’t know where those thoughts were headed, but there was something more to that woman and I wanted answers.
Mom had supper ready and Kevin and I were appreciative when we got home. Dad got home just in time to eat with us. I ventured a question about Eunice.
“Dad, how long has Miss Stubbins lived in that house?”
Mom and Dad looked up from their plates, and their eyes met. He put his fork down and wiped his mouth with a napkin.
“Dunno, bud. She was there before we moved in. Why?” he said.
I shrugged and took another bite. I didn’t know what else to say about it.
“Saw a guy cutting her lawn today,” Kevin said. “We thought maybe she was dead.”
I don’t know if he was thinking like I was thinking, but I was glad he kept the conversation going. Mom coughed and took a quick sip of her drink.
“She’s not dead, Kevin. At least I don’t think so. We’d have heard something if she was,” she said. “Don’t you think, honey?”
Dad shook his head.
“I don’t know. I guess so, but when’s the last time you know of that anyone talked to her?”
“True,” mom said, then looked at Kevin and me. “You boys haven’t been bothering her, have you?”
“No,” Kevin and I said, a duet of innocent denial.
“You sure?” dad said.
We nodded, still shoveling food into our mouths. That was the best way to keep myself from overstating, from slipping up and spilling the truth. What would it matter if they knew we watched her? We were just watching.
“Well, let’s keep it that way, shall we?” mom said.
We continued nodding, but that was all about to change. Hell had lost a resident and she lived on our street. 

LEGEND 

LIFE HAPPENED FOR the next week, nothing out of the ordinary. We played in our little microcosm of four or five neighboring yards using the street in front of the house for bikes, skateboards, and street hockey. On hot days, a sprinkler cooled us off. Otherwise, time was spent taking turns sitting on each other's front porch or in a driveway or under the shade of an old tree while we plotted out the next journey. 
If aliens had watched us from space, they would have been able to draw a path from house to house following our footsteps. That path would’ve been the same day in and day out, telling our patterns like tunnels through an ant farm. If those same aliens had looked in any other direction, they'd have found paths belonging to other groups of kids in other neighborhoods that led them on their adventures. What they wouldn’t have seen—couldn’t have seen—was that although the paths were the same, the adventures varied greatly, from sea to space, and from the football field to the battlefield. 
It was our routine and our territory and our rules. 
That routine changed exactly two weeks later when the gray van with no rear windows again stopped in front of the house on the corner of Rutledge and McNeill. The same greasy man with the same dusty coveralls got out to smoke a cigarette and mow. Again we watched, unable to do anything else.
“I think she’s the devil and he’s one of her minions!” said Erin. 
She was never subtle and she didn’t care who was listening.
“What? The devil is a man,” snapped Jason.
He looked uneasy with her outburst. 
“You don’t know that,” she said. “You don’t know anything.”
He snorted.
“Maybe she’s a witch, but not a devil—not The Devil. Witches wear black all the time,” Jason reasoned. “I think she’s a witch.”
I didn’t know if devil was appropriate either, and I had no idea what a minion was—I was afraid to ask—but witch seemed to be appropriate.
Timid and quiet, Adam asked the question I thought we were all wondering; maybe even Kevin who knew lots of words. 
“What’s a minion?” he said.
 “It’s like an evil henchman or a bad guy’s sidekick. They'd do the devil’s bidding, like bringing her fresh souls to eat,” Erin said.
She wiggled her fingers as she said fresh souls just to hammer the horror home and her definition painted an adequate picture.
“Bringing him fresh souls,” Jason argued.
“Whatever,” Erin said. “It even rhymes! Eunice Stubbins, Devil Woman!”
And there it was.
Eunice Stubbins, Devil Woman, never shows her face.
A woman none of us knew, or ever would know, defined by a particularly nasty, simple poem written by children. Standing there, we watched the strange man mow her lawn and I wondered if she was ever a child like us. The Devil Woman. It took about an hour to assemble the rest of the poem. We chanted it whenever the lawnmower paced to and fro in her front yard. Each line gave me goosebumps, cold chills, the willies, the heebie-jeebies, and the creeps. 
Those who see her disappear, they’re gone without a trace.
After we said it the first time, I spent each night before sleep peering over the edge of my blanket, eyes always on the window that faced her house. I lay there, praying she didn’t come crawling through it, smelling like rot and decay, a taste for my young tender flesh in her mouth, black drool running between jagged teeth and dripping on the floor with a wet, plinking sound. And when I finally slept, I no longer saw her, but she cackled in my dreams like a mad person whose mind had given way to violence. After a few days, the nightmares would cease, but every time the lawn man showed up and we revisited the chant, the feeling came back and so did the dreams. 
She smells of death and wears all black while sitting all alone,
That quickly, she became my nemesis, a necessary villain to balance our innocence. The poem snuck up when I was alone and always with a sing-song quality that added menace, a boy’s choir in the devil’s church. I pictured her face, not the one I had seen from a distance, but a different one, a drawn, wrinkled thing with a mouthful of teeth that would rip and tear, yellow eyes with red pupils, flaring nostrils and wild hair that stuck out in grey, twisted tangles. 
On cushions made of children’s skin and furniture of bone.
I hated that rhyme, the way it burrowed under my skin and lay there coiled until I was alone. Then it would slither. When I walked home on those chilly fall evenings after the sun had tucked in, it hid in the shrubs. Then, just before I reached home, it reared a horned and fanged head and revealed its true power, dancing delicately up and down my spine. It made me sweat icicles and held me motionless until I thought I would piss myself. The damned verse made me scream and sprint until I felt like my lungs had caught fire—until they begged to explode. Then I scrambled to reach safety, to get through the door and slam it shut behind me before the monster landed on my shoulders. 
As creepy as she already was, we made her a legend. Lawn-guy only made the legend more real. As long as he was there, we had a reminder. For his next visit in the month, coming in the month of July my brother and Jason formed a plan. When that day came, and the gray van rumbled down the street toward her house, they put it into action. Erin gave the signal. Shouted through a walkie-talkie, it sounded something like, “Guys! The freakin’ van’s coming!” 
Kevin and Jason had been waiting at the neighbor’s house across the street from the Stubbins’ place. Those old people, the Collins, weren’t scary and their driveway served as a bus stop during the school year, especially during the coldest part of the winter when they opened their garage to let us keep warm.
“What are you gonna do?” I asked.
“We’ll just go over and talk to him. Ask him some questions,” Jason said.
Kevin looked a little nervous to me, but nodded in agreement.
“You just gonna say, ‘Hey Mister!’ and start askin’ about Eunice?” I asked.
“Somethin’ like that,” was Kevin’s reply. 
Adam spoke up quietly. He was never afraid to talk to Kevin. 
“What are you gonna ask?” 
“Don’t worry about it, ass-breath,” said Jason, and he punched his little brother in the arm.
Everyone glared at him. Adam rubbed the future bruise.
“We’ll wait here in case we have to call an amb’lance or somethin’,” Erin said. 
Our front yard became headquarters for the mission. The older boys crossed Rutledge casually as if nothing was weird. The old van rolled past the stop sign on the other side of McNeill. Perfect timing put them at the van’s grille right as the engine sputtered out. Lawn-guy stepped out and walked to the back. I couldn’t hear what they said, but was nonetheless impressed that the boys followed through with their plan. Something was exchanged, hello’s or hi’s. Then Lawn-guy looked beyond the boys toward the house…and waved.
“What the hell?” Erin said.
She dropped the walkie-talkie and it opened up, batteries spilling out into the grass. Slowly our eyes moved up to the front porch of the house and we saw the open door. The blood drained from our faces as Jason and Kevin turned to see what we saw. 
“Holy dog shit,” I said.
Standing in the doorway was the figure of the old woman dressed in black. Scraggly white hair and gray skin poked out of the top of a moldy black dress. She stood for a moment in silence, and then raised her hand slowly and pointed at the boys. My heart moved into my throat, and when she let out that shrill scream that scattered Jason and Kevin like scolded dogs, I thought it would leap into my mouth. 
Lawn-guy watched them run and shrugged, looking back at the house as the front door shut. Then he glanced back down the street, giving us a tip of the ball cap before he commenced his weekly task, cigarette smoke curling behind him as he pushed the mower. 
Kevin arrived first, panting, his face pale and cheeks blazing red, he still couldn’t speak. He sat on the front porch, which was just out of sight of the crazy old lady’s house and tried to catch his breath.
“Is…she…gone?” he finally eked out between gasps for air. 
We nodded.
“She went in right after you two ran,” Erin said.
“Where’d Jason go?” Adam asked. “He ran right by.”
Kevin sat up, catching his breath, and laughed nervously, still obviously shaken from the woman’s appearance.
“I guess…he went home…to change. He...pissed himself!” he said.
We laughed out loud, all of us, and Adam looked especially satisfied. 
Kevin leaned over to him and said, “Hang on to this one. You might need it one day.” 
Adam smiled. 
We went home early that day. No one asked what was spoken between the boys and the lawn man until the next morning when the group was back together. I think we were scared…I know I was…and nobody made fun of Jason.

*****

THE NEXT MORNING I ate cereal with Kevin who—no matter how early I got up--always beat me. We were ready to head out the door at 7:33am against Mom's protest. 
“Mom,” Kevin reasoned, “we get better fishin’ worms if we go early, while the grass is all dewy.”
“When’s the last time you went fishing? Where is there even a place to go fishing?”
“Okay,” he said. “We promised Jason and Adam we’d meet them early. Wanted to get a head start on the day. You can’t knock us for that, can you? We’ll be quiet,” he said.
She caved, but still looked suspicious. 
“You’d better. Some people are still sleeping. If I hear from one of the neighbors that you boys…”
“Thanks,” we said in unison and darted.
We were out the side door, not giving her the chance to argue or change her mind, but she didn’t. Instead I heard, “Have fun and be careful.”
I knew Kevin wouldn't speak about what had happened until the whole group was back together. It was in his code to do things right the first time. Also, it alleviated having to repeat the story more than once or letting it get passed on, telephone style, from kid to kid. 
As soon as we reached our front yard, Erin was waiting at the end of the driveway on her bike.
“I wasn't about to let you get there first and spill the goods without me,” she said. 
Her look was scolding, arms crossed, straddling the bike like a tiny Hell’s Angel. 
“Come on. We weren't gonna start without you,” I said.
She rolled her eyes and then pointed her finger at me accusingly. Then she stuck her tongue out and rolled them again in the silly way only a ten-year-old can. I laughed and my brother rolled his eyes. We needed a giggle to break the tension. 
We arrived at Jason and Adam's house within thirty seconds and knocked on the door. 
“A little early isn't it?” their father asked when he answered the door.
He was bald on top, wore a white shirt, buttoned to the top with a tie and dress pants, ready for work. In one hand, he held a cup of coffee, and he was still chewing breakfast.
“The boys aren't even awake yet, kids. Come back in an hour, I'm sure they'll be up by then,” he said, looking a little annoyed.
“But it's really important, sir!” I said.
The words came out of my mouth before I could reel them back in. It shocked me as I never talked back, even when it was really important. He leered at me and I could see an impending Walker rant coming. He was famous for them, even with other people’s kids.
“And in an hour it will still be...”
Jason interrupted, yawning in the background.
“It's cool, dad, I'm up. Guys, meet me and Adam in the clubhouse in ten minutes, Kevin knows how to get in.” 
His dad sighed and slammed the door. A clubhouse meeting meant the news was huge. No one went in the clubhouse but Jason and Kevin. Not since they built the thing on his 11th birthday. We wandered off into their backyard and jumped the fence.
Jason's clubhouse was actually a tree fort built to incredible proportions in an old oak that grew behind their fence. Most of it hung over their property, but access could only be gained from the opposite side of the fence. There was an escape rope which allowed you to climb down into the back yard—I’d seen it—but it dropped from inside the fort and was then tossed back up, out of reach.
Ingenious. 
After squeezing through the fence, Kevin pulled a cord and a rope ladder fell on the back side of the tree. He then monkeyed up to the entry door which was padlocked with not one, but two different combination locks. He didn’t give us either combination.
Brilliant.
There was a faded orange and black sign stapled to the door.
 PRIVATE PROPERTY, KEEP OUT
Awesome. 
Kevin made quick work of the first padlock, but had to try the second one twice before it clicked. He opened the simple plywood door and there it was—their secret hideout. Through he went, and called us up. We scrambled eagerly, Erin first, and then me.
The walls were painted on the inside in four or five different colors of whatever his dad had leftover in the garage. Pinned on them were pictures of swimsuit models, football players and even some comic book covers. The floor was covered by a dingy carpet remnant, and on that sat a few milk crates for seating. In the center, there was a wooden cable spool for a table. Lights were provided via an extension cord, and there was a radio for tunes. Two openings served as windows with hinged wooden doors. Kevin propped them open and a slight, cool breeze blew through, airing out the musty smell. I was beside myself in all the grandeur. It was truly…
Glorious.
Erin and I looked around, taking it all in. Kevin stared at his feet, then turned on the radio, but kept its volume low. We waited and no one dared speak. What was probably ten minutes seemed like an eternity. Finally, Jason busted in the door with Adam close behind. Adam gawked for a minute.
“Sit down, you tool,” Jason said to him.
Adam did as he was told and for another minute, we sat quietly, the fort thick with tension.
“What happened?” I asked, “Now that we're all here, I gotta know.” 
The older boys exchanged an uneasy glance, then Jason nodded to Kevin, giving him the go ahead to begin.
Kevin steadied himself on the milk crate and leaned forward. The boards in the treehouse creaked. He gestured with his hands as he spoke and his eyes were wild.
“After you guys told us he was coming, we walked over to the van and he was getting out, ya know,?” 
We nodded for him to continue, riveted and listening intently.
“His name is Rollie, kinda like that city in North Carolina,” Kevin said.
“Or that baseball player with the weird mustache?” I asked.
“Yeah, just like that. Anyway, he knew we were coming, he said so,” Kevin said.
He put on his best southern accent to drive the point home.
“‘I knew you boys was comin' to talk to me, ask me questions about the crazy lady in this house,' is what he said. Then he looked up at us and laughed. We stood tough though, an' we asked him, What about her? What do you know? Is she crazy?” 
Jason let out an uneasy laugh, more of a snort, and I glanced at him for a second before my eyes went back to Kevin.
“Then he said all mean-like, 'That woman could be my momma, and you boys are callin' her crazy. Is that how your folks raised y'all?’”
Erin giggled, presumably at Kevin’s acting, and I elbowed her.
“Quit,” I whispered.
“'Truth is I never met her myself. I get a call from my comp'ny says go here and cut. So there I go. She don't pay me. Might pay them, but don't pay me, so I don't care much to talk to her. I drop a receipt through the mail slot time to time. That's all.' Then he looked up at the house and goes, 'Hey there’s Ms. Stubbins now! I'll be done here in a few minutes, ma’am.' And that’s when he waved.”
Kevin paused and he opened his eyes and mouth as wide as he could, for shock value.
“That's when we turned around to look and she was standing there...leerin' at us with that old, bony finger pointing. I thought we were gonna die.”
The hair on the back of my neck was fully at attention. Kevin’s gaze fixed on the far wall, and he was gone from this world for a minute. Jason's face reddened and then he surprised us all. 
“I pissed myself I was so scared,” he said.
No one laughed. Kevin snapped out of his trance.
He said, “She was standing there lookin' at us with her hand out all creepy and then she pointed and screamed like a banshee. Just pointing. I'd swear her teeth were green and rotten—I could see ‘em from the sidewalk! That’s when we ran. She screamed that horrible scream and we ran.”
“What’s a banshee,” Adam asked.
“A ghost,” Erin said, her eyes bulging from their sockets. “A bad ‘un.”
Adam nodded and Jason continued.
“Suggs was chuckling at us. Laughin', the bastard.” 
His cheeks were red, but I wouldn’t have done any better and I admired for admitting he'd pissed his pants. It was the first time I’d ever looked up to him.
“That was the most horrible thing I've ever seen, and I’ve read all my dad’s Tales From the Crypt comics. I'm never goin' back to that house again,” Kevin said. “Maybe her family’ll come and take her away or something. Or she’ll get committed to a hospital.”
Jason shook his head and added, “That’ll never happen. I think she's after us now.” 
That wasn’t what I wanted to hear. I was already having nightmares where the old hag crawled through my window with the intention of eating me and then picking her shark's teeth with my bone splinters. Coming from my older brother, it was a crushing blow. If he was scared, and she made Jason the football star piss his own pants, what chance did a little kid have. We’d be easy pickins. Erin was quiet like she was thinking, and Adam was just Adam. We sat for a minute that way as the breeze picked up outside.
“We need a plan. She never came out until you were on her property. So if we just stay off her property, we’ll be safe, right? She's old. Crazy or not, she's old and she won't leave that place to look for us,” Erin said.
“She doesn’t have to look. She's lived here since before any of us was born, she knows where to find us if she wanted to,” Jason said. 
Erin’s demeanor remained calculated and calm. 
“We still need a plan,” she said.
“What plan?” I said. “What can we do?”
“We keep an eye on her,” she said. “We make sure if she does leave, we know about it. And we make sure to let everyone else know. We can take turns watching that house and if she comes slithering out, we'll call the rest on walkie-talkie or the telephone and warn them.” 
Everyone agreed that was a good idea. It was our first pact. There would be more.

*****

EACH TIME ROLLIE Suggs came to mow, he first looked for us and waved if he saw us. When he did, he laughed. And if we continued to watch him—and we always did—he chuckled again. I was glad the greasy bastard was having a good time. I hoped he enjoyed the hell out of it, because then, maybe he would slip up…maybe he would fall prey to the devil woman instead of us. He was big and could keep her fed and full for a few weeks before she went hunting again…next time for kid-meat.
I pictured him tripping and falling under the lawnmower, spewing his greasy-grimy-gopher-guts all over the sidewalk. I had grown to dislike Rollie Suggs for no reason I could pinpoint. Maybe it was his awful name or his greasy hair. Or maybe it was because he seemed to be happy that we were scared and to me, that was a bad way to be. Erin said he was a minion to Eunice the Devil Woman. Maybe she was right. 
We kept our distance from both of them and recited our poem each time he cut the grass as a means of taking her power away. 

Eunice Stubbins, Devil Woman, never shows her face.
Those who see her disappear, they’re gone without a trace.
She smells of death and wears all black while sitting all alone,
On cushions made of children’s skin and furniture of bone.

It was our talisman.

*****

WEEKS PASSED AND our tight grip on the old woman faded. Rollie’s giggle fits faded too as he had no doubt grown tired of the same old joke, even with his feeble mind. Summer was almost over and we were headed back to school. 
Adam, Erin and I remained friends, but I wasn’t sure Kevin and Jason would. Kevin had other friends and he’d taken an interest in music…and Jason had the football team. That one terrifying moment may have bonded them together on a certain level, bonded us all, but it was sure to be buried once school started back. 
Every once in a while I glanced at the old battered and bruised house on the corner with its one creepy oak tree and the nicely manicured patch of low cut weeds in the front. I figured the others were glancing at it too. 
By the last day of summer, my curiosity had faded and my nightmares were all but gone, at least about the devil woman. We didn’t talk as much about her, even when Rollie came by and cranked up the mower. I still ran through the poem in my head even if we no longer said it aloud as a group. I’d bet they were thinking about those words…on furniture of bone. Thinking about them and hoping they had the very protective power we’d given to them.

*****

SCHOOL WAS BACK in full swing, and in the madness of new classes, new teachers, new friends and old friends I hadn’t seen all summer, I lost track of time. Walker’s Woods Elementary was small, so it was no surprise when Adam, Erin and I were all placed in the same class. It made the days fly by.
As I’d predicted, Kevin and Jason entered 9th grade and parted ways. It was just a mutual understanding—unwritten kid law—that the football player wouldn’t be seen with the brainy, thoughtful kid. It was scripture, they made films about it. Kevin was generally well liked, and they were at least cordial to each other. 
I didn’t see Kevin often for other reasons. He was a band student, and they had intramural activities. When I did see him, it usually involved tackling him as soon as he came in the door, which he seemed to enjoy. By the time we had settled into the new school routine, front yard baseball turned into front yard football, leaves turned their oranges, yellows and reds and t-shirts grew longer sleeves. The sun retired for the evening at six instead of eight and Mom bought pumpkins for the front porch. 

*****

Erin, Adam and I were discussing Halloween costumes when she noticed the front lawn at the Stubbins’ place was growing up. 
She said, “Sam, you ever wonder where Suggs is? He retire, ya think?”
“Suggs?” Adam asked.
“Yeah. Suggs. Wonder where he’s at?”
“I don’t know,” I said. 
“I bet she killed him. I bet he was kidnapping children all summer and feeding them to her. He finally ran out of shitty kids that nobody would miss.” 
“Gross,” Adam said.
“We were smart to keep our eyes peeled on that place or we could’ve been breakfast,” she said.
Her face was rigid as she spoke. The matter-of-fact words would’ve looked like jokes on paper, but I wasn’t sure they were. 
“Isn’t it more likely he stopped coming because it’s getting cold and the grass isn’t growin’? I don’t think Kevin’s cut our lawn in three weeks,” I said.
“But it is growing. Look at it next time you’re outside.”
“Whatever. You’re paranoid.”
“Noid!” Adam shouted, then giggled. 
I giggled too. Erin wasn’t having it.
“That woman is evil, I tell ya. I never heard anything scream like that. And who doesn’t leave the house and never has visitors?”
I shrugged.
“And, Mr. Smartypants, tell me this: what does she eat? Have you ever seen her with groceries? You ever see anyone go to her door with bags of groceries? Anyone ever go to her door with anything?”
“The mailman,” I said, but it sounded like a question.
She had a point. I couldn’t remember seeing the mailman stop at her house either, and he came around right as we got home from school. Unless she had groceries delivered in the middle of the night, by all rights she should’ve starved to death. I was terrified again after months spent getting over it. Adam looked worried too. 
If Rollie was feeding her kids from town, and now he was missing…or dead...How long would it be before she…
“Maybe she hibernates like a bear and doesn’t eat until spring,” Adam said.
Erin and I nodded, and I for one, was amazed at the logic of the statement.
Given this truth, that the demon-lady who lived on the corner was eating children provided to her by her lawn maintenance person. It was a distinct possibility in the minds of three ten-year-olds, that she might hibernate over the winter months. With only two weeks left until Halloween, the haunts and creeps of the season were taking their toll on our little imaginations.
I watched her house like a detective on stake-out over those next two weeks. The leaves on that old, gnarled oak tree withered and fell. It was like some horrific countdown which didn’t help, especially when the wind howled and sent them skittering down the sidewalk with a sound like claws at the foot of my bed. The weeds in her front yard reached knee-high to a little kid and had begun to turn brown and die. 
All the while, I never saw a soul enter or leave her house, just lamp light—downstairs in the evening and upstairs at night. That proved she was moving around in there and not yet hibernating. I pictured her slithering, just like Erin said. A snake with an old woman’s face. A snake that screamed like a banshee. Slithering around on cushions made from children’s skin, and in my imagination, that sound was like rubbing a wet finger on the surface of a balloon.
That night my nightmares returned, and were the same as they had been over the summer. She crawled through my window, not a snake, but something else, something bony that moved in a disjointed, jerky way, not graceful but with definite agility…and with one purpose. There was no zoo animal with which I could compare the Eunice-creature.  It cackled and clucked and bared sharp teeth at me, and all the while, she sniffed the air like she was hunting—for kid meat—for blood. Then she licked her razor chops right before I woke up sweating and unable to scream. 

*****

I DECIDED ON a ninja costume. It was dark blue with a red bandana to tie around my head, there were even some plastic throwing stars in the box and Dad and I painted a wooden sword. Adam dressed as a cowboy with jeans and plastic chaps, clip on spurs for his sneakers and a ten-gallon hat that didn’t fit, but when he tipped it back, you could see his face—it was the same costume he wore last year. Erin had an ugly, rubber, psycho-killer mask like one of the movies the older kids went to see. She carried a bloody plastic knife and aside from her short size, was very convincing. It was a surprise to no one.
Several of the neighboring families came to our house for a pot-luck and the kids all carved jack-o-lanterns together. Dad told us his favorite story: the Halloween Legend of Jack. In it, Jack fooled the devil and then roamed the earth with a lantern carved from a turnip. 
“And that’s where the term, jack-o-lantern comes from,” he said and gave the youngest kids a wink.
 They thought it was an amazing story. I thought he made it up. Once he was done, we put candles in our jack-o-lanterns, drew the shades, turned off the lights, and admired our handiwork in the darkened kitchen. A chorus of oohs and ahs rose from the audience of moms and dads and then the carved gourds were placed outside on the porch.
We ate caramel apples and watched Charlie Brown and Snoopy on TV. After some popcorn, the adults made their way to the back porch to smoke cigars and cigarettes and drink things we couldn’t have. 
All Hallows Eve was two days away and I couldn’t wait. There would be gobs of candy and I got a charge out of seeing the imagination that went into all the costumes. I loved the masks most of all, even the plastic ones with the elastic bands that always ended up worn as hats, ruining the illusion. 
Kevin and I went outside with some old clothes that Mom donated from Dad’s closet. 
“Hey! That’s my favorite shirt,” he’d say each year.
“You won’t miss it,” she’d reply.
He winked, so I knew he really didn’t mind.
We crammed those shirts and pants full of hay from bales they’d bought at the feed store. Kevin and I never talked while we worked. He chewed on his tongue—a look of careful concentration, and I mostly watched. Next, we glued big button eyes on a burlap sack and set up our scarecrow next to the porch. The boots sat on the ground with the ends of the pant legs stuffed inside. The same old straw hat we’d used in previous years finished the job. 
Sheets became ghosts that haunted the trees in our front yard. The pumpkins we’d carved, that scarecrow, and some red floodlights capped a nice display for impending trick-or-treaters. 
“You ready to scare little kids?” Kevin asked.
“You bet…and eat candy,” I said.
“Yep, so much we’ll get sick. Then there’ll be nothing to do but lay around and watch horror movies,” he said.
I nodded, wondering what craziness Vincent Price would get into. Dad always found the old black and whites. Those were my favorites.
“Just one more thing left to do,” Kevin said, and I knew what he meant.
Until mom called us in, we raked the leaves in the front yard into a respectable pile and took turns diving in, re-raking, and diving in again sending them flitting about like little crunchy bats. It was a great evening. It was one of the best. It was also the last time I would ever see my brother.

TRUTH 

SLEEP BATTLED WITH thoughts of candy and mischief. My imagination soared with the possibilities of Halloween and she didn’t crawl through my window that night so that I slept peacefully for a change. When I woke things seemed normal as always. Mom was cooking breakfast and I smelled bacon and heard the sizzle of grease. Dad sipped coffee in a white v-neck t-shirt and pajama pants while reading the Saturday paper.
“Mornin’ Champ! You ready for some ghouls and goblins tonight?” 
“Yup!” was all I could manage through my yawning.
“Where’s your lazy brother?” He asked. 
“Dunno,” I replied. 
Kevin always beat me downstairs. Was he sick? Had he gone outside to make more ghosts or jump in the leaves? Or worse…was he plotting an ambush for one little brother, a trick that would be his treat?
 Tip-toeing up the stairs, I plotted my counterattack. I would check his room first—carefully—in case he was waiting for me there, ready to pounce from behind the door, or maybe out of his closet. His bedroom door was shut so I slowly opened it, all too aware of the squeak of the brass hinges. That squeak couldn’t be helped. I peeked through the crack to see if he was sleeping soundly—a Halloween oddity in my favor. Had he been, I planned to take a few steps back into the hallway for a running start. With that much momentum I could’ve leapt from five feet away and landed on top of him. Knees first would have done the trick. Only…he wasn’t there and my sly grin faded. 
His bed was empty. His blanket and sheets had been pulled loose and dragged across the floor and Kevin’s pillow was gone. The window was open and the torn screen flapped in the cool morning breeze. It looked exactly as I imagined it in my dreams. As if I’d taken a snapshot of my mind, his room was the crime scene leftover after someone, or some thing, grabbed me in my sleep and pulled me through that window to my gruesome demise. I saw it all happening in my head.
It was surreal and didn’t match up with the bright morning sun as it happily streamed in through the open window. The screen cast busy shadows on the floor as it danced. I felt sick. I felt violated. I felt alone. I hoped he would pop out of his closet and scream Gotcha! Boy, I got you good, you turd. I would’ve relished being called a turd, being startled. But he didn’t pop out of his closet.  
I screamed for my parents. I screamed until they were there, in the room, inside my nightmare, come to life.

*****

THE REST OF THAT morning was crying, calling neighbors, calling friends, calling the school, calling the hospitals, and calling the police. 
“Maybe he ran away,” my father said to one officer. “Kevin’s a happy kid. I don’t know why he would run away, but maybe he did. It looks to me like he dragged his blanket and sheets to the window…used them like a ladder. When he got there, he probably decided it wasn’t that far and just climbed down.”
My mother was crying. Of course she was.
The policeman said, “It’s possible. I’ve seen that happen before. A dozen times, maybe.”
My father stood up and paced; in between his words, he chewed on the end of his thumb.
“But why would he tear the screen? Why not open it? Why not just use the goddamn front door?” he said.
I could see on the policeman’s face that my father had hit the proverbial nail on the head. The officer waved another cop—a new arrival—up the stairs. He looked at my father and put a comforting hand on my mother’s shoulder. I’d never my father so angry. So lost. 
“I’m sure he’ll turn up,” the cop said. “We’ll do everything we can, sir. Everything.” 
Kevin didn’t run away. That was crap. He was smart. He was happy. He loved us. He never would’ve left home, not like that…not in the middle of the night. I wanted to speak up and tell them I knew who took him, and that the witch—the Devil Woman—lived just there, on the corner. But they wouldn’t have believed me, a ten-year-old kid with a big imagination, one whose brother just disappeared. Other than a pat on the head and a compassionate look, they didn’t interact with me at all. Not the police, and not my parents.
Adam came in with his parents who were there to support in any way. To help mom and dad cope with the unexpected and frightening circus. Then Erin showed up. 
“What the hell’s going on?” she asked.
I grabbed her hand and Adam’s hand and led them toward the front yard where we could sit on the driveway and be out of the way. Mom grabbed me.
“I’m just going out front,” I said.
Her eyes were stern, wild and bloodshot from crying.
“I don’t want you out of my sight,” she said.
“We’ll be with him,” Erin said and Adam nodded.
“He’ll be fine, honey,” my dad said. “Let them go.”
She hugged me and I felt the tears spill over my eyelids and dampen my cheeks.
“Don’t leave the yard,” she said and collapsed into my father’s shoulder, sobbing.
We squeezed in between neighbors and the police and went out the front door.  I was still wiping tears from my face when Erin asked the question.
“What happened?” 
“Kevin’s gone.” I sniffed.
“What do you mean gone?”
“Just gone,” I said.
“You mean run away? I know a girl who done that. Her Daddy whipped her good when they found her.” 
I interrupted her story before it reached mach speed. 
“He didn’t run away…I think she took him.” 
They looked at me, then at each other. Each went pale and silent.
“He was ripped out of his bed and right out the window last night, just like in my dreams. She took him and it’s all my fault.”
We all looked up to Kevin’s window and to that horrible piece of screen that flapped like the American flag in a strong wind.
“How’s it your fault?” Erin asked. “We were all spyin’. We all made fun of her.”
“But he saw her. Kevin and Jason looked at her and now she’s coming after us just like in the poem. She’s probably eaten him already,” I said, and the tears flowed once again. 
I put my head down to hide from them, not that it mattered. Adam touched my shoulder and then pulled his hand away and didn’t say a word. What could he have said?
“I’m going over there to get him back,” I said with a sniff.
“What?” Adam said.
“You’re an idiot,” Erin added.
I wiped clear snot off of my face with my shirt sleeve and fixed her with a hard stare. 
“You two can come with me if you want, but I’m going either way.” 
Adam shook his head. I glared at him, then looked back at her. She smacked him, her eyes narrowed to slits and her lips pursed into a thin, pink line.
“I guess we’re all idiots. We’ll go,” she said.
Adam shook his head in protest, then looked at the window again…then at me and his face softened. Erin put her arm around him. He was only brave with backup.
“I say we go right now,” she said. 
We left around the side of my house and jogged through my next-door neighbor’s back yard, headed toward the bus stop. My front yard was still full of neighbors, cars and policemen taking measurements and photos. They weren’t watching me. I heard my father through the window, as he shouted orders at the police.
“Do something! Do anything!” 
His voice strained, laced with tears. 

*****

WE GOT TO THE end of the street and saw her house. Erin stopped first and we all looked at each other for a second. We recited the poem, the charm that took away her power, at least in our minds. 
“Eunice Stubbins, Devil Woman, never shows her face. Those who see her disappear, they’re gone without a trace. She smells of death and wears all black while sitting all alone,
On cushions made of children’s skin and furniture of bone.”
It was the last time, to my knowledge, any of us ever said it out loud. 
Once confident the spell had done all the magic it could do, we walked across Rutledge, across the sidewalk where Jason and Kevin had confronted Rollie the lawn-guy and stood right there in the middle of her yard. I waved Erin and Adam to the other side of the porch. Adam may have been crying. 
“I think she’s watching,” Erin said.
“Let her,” I said. “I’ll go first. You two stay behind, in case something happens—or if I find something. You can call the police over to help me.”
Erin opened her mouth to argue, but I counted aloud, interrupting her. in a whisper. 
“One,” I said. 
They each took a deep breath and ducked back behind the porch, that old oak tree like a skeleton hand behind them.
“Two,” I whispered.
I shifted my feet, ready to spring.
“Three!” 
I ran. Once on the porch, the old boards creaked under my weight. I reached for the knob but the front door was already opening. There, in all black stood the old ‘devil’ herself. 
Erin and Adam screamed. Then they sprinted for all they were worth. I faced the monster alone and that was fine with me. She looked at me with one bushy gray eyebrow raised on her impossibly wrinkled brow.
At least a hundred years old. Not a minute less.

*****

“What do you want, little one? Are you lost?” she asked.
Her voice cracked and had a saccharin tone. She leaned out the door to see the commotion at my house. Her teeth weren’t pointy, but rotten and I could smell her litter-box stench, cat piss and body odor. It stuck to me like I had walked through a spider web.  
“There’s quite a bit of hubbub going on up to your place…are you some kinda outlaw?” 
She giggled at her joke. Not a laugh or a chuckle, but an actual cackle—a wicked witch noise. It sent a sharp pinch through my nerves and I shuddered. I’m sure she noticed. She squinted one eye and ducked back into her doorway.
“You must be in some trouble t’ come see the crazy lady. Devil Woman. That’s what you kids are callin’ me, isn’t it?”
She knew. How could she know?
“It’s not a very nice thing for a young boy to say about an elderly woman. Oh, but I understand how the imagination can run wild. I too was young once.”
It must’ve been centuries ago. 
She tsk-tsk’d me with her bony fingers and smiled a crooked, rotten-toothed smile. Then she did the most horrible thing of all. She stepped fully outside and put her hand on my shoulder. It felt like dry twigs resting there and the weight of it was immense—more mental than physical weight.
“Don’t be scared, son. Obviously you have questions for old Eunice. If not, you wouldn’ta been starin’ over here and spyin’ on me all summer long. Come in. Let me get you somethin’ to drink.” 
It was the worst idea I’d ever heard but some sick curiosity drove my feet. Either she ate my brother or she didn’t and needed the truth so I could put it to rest. The door creaked closed behind me and I vibrated with fear. She patted my back gently, like a grandmother comforting a little one. 
We walked into a sitting room where she offered me a seat with a wave of her hand. I was relieved to see normal furniture, covered in fabric instead of skin, and not a bone in sight. I thought maybe I’d misjudged her. She left to get my drink and was back in a flash. Her speed surprised me. 
“I guess I might be frightnin’ to child,” she said as she placed the store-brand soda on the end table to my right. 
I picked it up and took a drink, although I wasn’t thirsty. The sweet and bubbly liquid eased the knot in my throat, but only a little. Eunice’s hands had a slight tremor. It increased in intensity as she spoke.
“I’m a sickly old woman…always in this ratty black dress. You understand I just can’t take care of myself like I used to…that I don’t get much help?”
I nodded. I didn’t understand, but I nodded. She sat down in a chair across from me.
“I can’t remember when I last left this house.” 
Her tone was genuine and her eyes seemed kind enough. On another day I might have forgiven her all the nightmares and apologized for our prying and nastiness, but Kevin was still gone and she had explaining to do. Explaining to me. She smiled at me and I saw slices of those green teeth between her liver-colored lips.
We sat and silently watched each other. Anger began to swell inside me. I imagined Adam and Erin running to my house to tell my parents. I thought about how it would feel to lose both children in one morning. They would be devastated, angry at me for leaving. Or maybe Adam and Erin had just run across the street and were watching from the corner, from the bus-stop house. They wouldn’t wait long before they told…and even if the story was crazy, one thing would be true. I was here and my parents would know where to come find me…even if I was dead.
I blurted out, “Why’d you scream at my brother that day?”
She nodded, more of a shrug with her face. 
“My medicines sometimes make me act up is all. I didn’t mean to startle anyone.” 
My grandmother took pills—lots of them. Eunice probably took a dozen pills a day. I believed she could forget one here and there. I was starting to believe she was nothing more than a lonely old woman.
“It sounded awful,” I said. 
With a guilty look, she apologized.
“I’m sure it did and I’m sorry for that.”
Who brings her pills? Who brings anything? 
“How do you get food? Who brings you things if you never leave?” 
My tone accused. She was less scary, less intimidating. I felt I had the upper hand. I saw her rotting teeth and smelled her rotten smell. She couldn’t bite into a ripe tomato with those teeth, much less a person.
“Now, settle down boy. One question at a time,” she said with another cackle.
“Well?”
I gave her my sternest look.
“I have a handyman that brings me my things. Have you met Rollie? I know you’ve seen him cuttin’ my yard. He also does odd jobs and brings me my groceries about every week.” 
Eunice looked from the corner of one eye which didn’t set right in my gut. That red-rimmed eye was trying to will me into buying her story. Something besides Eunice stunk. I thought about what Jason and Kevin had said that day in the clubhouse. Kevin with his bad southern accent. Kevin who was now gone…perhaps tied up somewhere in that very house.
“Rollie told my brother he never spoke to you, he said he worked for a company and they called him to come here and cut your grass.” 
She leaned forward and put her hand on mine and patted it. Her skin was icy cold. She wasn’t crazy. Her eyes were clear and bright and they stared deep into mine. This wasn’t a senile woman who just didn’t remember who brought her groceries…she was toying with me. Bile bubbled up in the back of my throat. Her thick, hairy breath covered me as she spoke.
“So you do know my secret,” she said. “I was hoping you didn’t. Hoping for your sake…but you do.”
She leaned back in her chair and the hunch in her back straightened with a faint popping noise. Then, Eunice blinked with two sets of eyelids. The once round pupils in those old bloodshot eyes changed shape. Not dilated, but altered and became something hideous. 
“Yessss,” Eunice hissed. “I fooled that policeman who asked if I'd seen your brother. He took me for a kind, sickly old woman. But I can't fool you, can I?”
I didn’t answer—couldn’t. She smiled and her teeth were no longer rotten, but jagged and sharp, just like my dream. I watched Eunice change into the creature we knew she was but hoped she wasn’t. Her skin stretched smooth and turned from the gray papery look of a feeble old woman to red. She lunged and unfurled long fingers which landed across my throat. I gasped and ducked to one side slipping her grasp, then stood up to face her. She bobbed like a snake, anticipating and blocking any exit I had.
“I ate that Rollie Suggs. Gobbled ‘im right up because he wasn’t givin’ me what I needed.” 
The words oozed with a raspy sound, still cracked like the voice of a cartoon witch. But it wasn’t a cartoon, and the sound was neither endearing nor cute. My eyes darted, looking for escape. Instead they found the soda can. One bloody thumbprint stood out amongst the beads of condensation. As they dripped through it, they took on a pink quality. Kevin’s blood. It had to be.
Her gaze was steady and she moved fluidly now, rather than the careful twitchy motions of an ancient woman trying not to get a catch in her joints. I let out a whimper.
“Oh yes, I ate Rollie. I’ve eaten hundreds of your kind…and last night I took your brother.”
She...It snapped at me with rows of shark-like teeth. I jumped and the Eunice-thing pounced on me. I strained to get away from her jaws.
“He’s tasty...still young and tender, full of wonderful blood,” it said. 
I wriggled free, rolling into the couch where she had been sitting. Jumping to my feet, I rolled over the back of the couch and into a sitting position. It swiped with one clawed hand just as I ducked, missing me with a whooshing sound. I moved forward and it walked around the couch. The can with the bloody thumbprint was there, and I picked it up and hurled it at the monster, but it was already behind me and the can crumpled against the wall, sending a spray of dark brown liquid and foam splattering on the wainscot and carpet below. One of Eunice’s hands grabbed around my midsection and the other was on my face, stroking my cheek like a lover. My stomach lurched.
“He fought Eunice, your brother did, and he screamed until there was no blood left.” 
The Eunice thing lowered her face next to mine and licked my ear. I sat down under its weight as it leaned on me.
“Mmm. He tasted just like you.”
It grinned with its pointy teeth and bloody goat’s eyes. I felt warmth as piss ran down my leg, irritating my skin and wetting the chair where I sat.
“Rollie told your brother something about me that day, and he told that Walker boy too.”
Jason, Erin and Adam loomed heavy on my heart.
“He’s on Eunice’s menu tonight, Jason Walker, already good as dead. He still knows somethin’, just like you know somethin’. When I’m done with him…I’ll come for you. Then those two little ones that ran. They ran and left you to die, my boy. Good for me…bad for you.” 
Her eyes rolled back into her skull for a second and then she clacked her jaws at me. It sounded like the slate that claps shut before each filmed scene. 
Sam’s demise, scene one, take one! Okay, that’s a wrap on Sam…cut and print. 
My mind gave way like a weak dam and insanity spilled over. I jumped up screaming, enraged and terrified. The devil woman blocked every possible escape and smirked her fangs glinting in the daylight, dark drool pouring from her mouth and dripping on the floor. She knew she had the upper hand and was enjoying the hunt. Using the furniture to shield her advance, I ran deeper into the house.
Bolting into the kitchen was a mistake. The smell of blood was overwhelming and the cabinets and floor were smeared with dried remnants of terrified children. One handprint stained the refrigerator door. It glistened, still fresh. I backed into the sitting room with my eyes closed. It was laughing, enjoying the chase. The Eunice-thing lingered by the entryway giggling in that spine numbing cackle from my nightmares. 
In a flash she struck, missing me with her teeth but knocking me down. I rolled under the table and out the other side where I pushed myself up to a standing position. With a few steps I was back in the sitting room, but she blocked my path to the front door, my only escape. My eyes were wild and I grabbed for anything that I could use as a weapon. The table lamp looked good, and had a sturdy metal base.
The Eunice-thing stood tall and its jaws were open in an ear-busting shriek. Its long, thin arms splayed out like a bird of prey swooping in for attack. I gripped the lamp and swung for the fences. All of my fear and hatred went into that swing and I aimed to knock her head over the center field wall. She dodged with another queer, snakelike motion. Strike one.
The cord sparked as I jerked it from the socket and the lamp’s momentum threw me off balance shattering the bulb against the wall and darkening the room. I righted myself and propped the lamp back on my shoulder, ready for the next pitch. Her eyes glowed yellow-green in the light from the single window. 
“You’re meat, Sssam. I can smell your fear. Feed me,” it said.
The voice was no longer human at all, but a mixture of growls and hisses. The Eunice-thing continued to metamorphose and saw scales and muscular arms that ended in claws. There were more jagged teeth and not hatred in those eyes, but the scary confidence of a predatory animal. I planted my feet, raised the lamp up high, and the creature stepped into the light, just as my club made its arc across the sitting room.
The second swing connected just above its left eyebrow with a wet thump. As the monster fell to the floor, I saw an oily black substance weep out of the wound and ooze down its face. It let out another wailing cry. I don’t know if the Eunice-thing was downed by the blow or just startled by a blast of pain. A celebratory laugh escaped me.
“Ha ha!”
I didn’t gloat any further than that. Screaming, I sprinted for the front door and burst through. Sunlight blinded me and I leaped from the porch missing every step on the way down. I shouted again and hit the ground in a tumble. As I stood back up, my feet digging for traction, still running, I risked a quick glance backward and found nothing was chasing me.  Once I was across the street, I fell down and lay in my neighbor’s yard. From inside the Stubbins’ place, I heard another awful shriek. 
One of my knees and the opposite elbow bled from scrapes but I felt no pain. My wounds were internal, and though I’d won the battle, I still knew my brother was dead and that evil thing‘s belly was full. When she appeared in her doorway again, she was Eunice again, just an old woman in a black dress, but there was a cut on her forehead and blood trickled down her cheek on that side. Her eyes were on me, and her lip was curled up into a grin.
I ran with wings on my heels and prayed that somehow I had gotten lucky and done enough. That I had proven I was a worthy enough opponent. I prayed she would find a new hunting ground and leave Walker’s Woods. That my friends would be all right. I prayed, but I could feel her glare burning holes in my back.
When I got home, I wanted to warn everyone and tell them what I saw. I wanted to, but couldn’t. Instead, I sobbed uncontrollably, and no words would come. I found my parents blank-faced and standing in the doorway to Kevin’s room as the police continued to investigate. They didn’t even ask where I’d been which meant Adam and Erin hadn’t come to tell them where I was…that I was in danger. They didn’t even try to help. 
The police detective moved us to my parents’ room.
“We don’t want to disturb the evidence,” he said.
 I heard him mention blood stains on Kevin’s bedroom floor as we walked away. I guess everyone knew now, at least in their hearts that Kevin was gone. I sat on my mom and dad’s bed while mom silently stroked my hair. Dad sat on a bench at the end of the bed and stared at the floor. The longer I sat there in that maddening quiet, the more I withdrew. 
We stayed at a hotel that night. Mom said she couldn’t stay in the house. I don’t think any of us wanted to. Eunice was in the window as we drove by. She stood in her old-woman mask and held the curtain back, smiling at me with the dead eyes of a great white shark.
I spent the next year of my life in silence. 
If any good came out of the horrific events that weekend, we left Walker’s Woods. My mother and I moved to an apartment in the city where there were no spooky houses and there were no crazy old women living down the hall, feeding on the residents. Dad stayed behind to wrap things up.

*****

I LIVED THROUGH a memorial service for a brother who never came home. After three years of searching, my parents ran out of money and sanity and they filed for bankruptcy. The case was closed and Kevin was assumed dead by the authorities. Mom and Dad felt he was still alive. They talked about it all the time. Maybe he would come home…maybe the worst hadn’t happened. It had. They just couldn’t continue any longer. If only they'd known—as surely as I did—that Kevin was dead, that he wouldn’t be suffering anymore. If they had known that, they might have found peace. I knew the truth. He was dead and he had suffered terribly at the hands of a demon. 
I heard from Erin on occasion, handwritten letters mostly—or the occasional Christmas card, but I never heard from Adam again. Aside from Erin, I cut all ties with the old neighborhood, and I never contacted her. I thought I’d never forgive her or Adam for leaving me alone on that porch, but I have. I have and I wish them well—especially my girl with her magical green eyes. I picture her with a strong family of her own, something I wouldn’t dream of interrupting, or maybe infecting with my nightmares.
I grew up with pills, therapists, and doctors but told them nothing. They wouldn’t have believed me. What good would it have done to be crazy? That was just another way for Eunice—or whatever she was—to win. I quietly survived the divorce of my parents and my mother’s love affair with alcohol. I also survived my own love affair with alcohol, an equally difficult demon to defeat.
For years I wished I’d let Eunice take me that day to meet the same fate as my brother. Some days I still do. Then I wish she’d have taken Jason Walker instead of Kevin. She could’ve destroyed their family. My single strike with that lamp may have been enough to save Jason’s life. I will always hate him for that. I will always hate myself for being too late. 
Sometimes I forget about her…until the night terrors come and refresh my hatred. Then I wonder how she sustained her bloody habit over the decades. Maybe she ate stray cats or hired another lawn-guy to hunt for her or maybe she moved to a nursing home and dined on its patients. Whatever happened, she was dead now, moved back to hell. 
I wanted to relax after reading her obituary. It should have freed me, lifted the weight from my shoulders…but there may be more like you, Eunice…There may be one on every street in every town. 
Only the children know for sure.

..ooOOoo..

About the Author:
Dan rides this rock through space with you. His wife navigates. His kids provide the adventure.
Books by him:
DEMONS AND OTHER INCONVENIENCES
WHAT TANGLED WEBS
THE UNAUTHORIZED AUTOBIOGRAPHY OF ETHAN JACOBS
LUNACY
HOW TO EAT A HUMAN BEING
GIVING UP THE GHOST
By now, there may be others.

Find them all here: www.amazon.com/author/dandillard
Talk to him at any of the following places: 
demonauthor@gmail.com 
www.demonauthor.com
@demonauthor on Twitter
www.facebook.com/demonauthor
http://gplus.to/dandillard



