Schlock! Webzine
Edited by Gavin Chappell
Copyright © 2012 by Gavin Chappell, C Priest Brumley, Bryan Carrigan, Zak Dawson, Gregory Bryant, Thomas C Hewitt, Rob Bliss, Michael Bray
Published by Schlock! Publishing at Smashwords

Smashwords Edition, License Notes

This eBook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This eBook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. If you’re reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to Smashwords.com and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of these authors.

 Welcome to Schlock! the new webzine for science fiction, fantasy and horror.

Vol 2, Issue 28
20 May 2012

Schlock! is an exciting new weekly webzine dedicated to short stories, flash fiction, serialised novels and novellas within the genres of science fiction, fantasy and horror. We publish new and old works of pulp sword and sorcery, urban fantasy, dark fantasy and gothic horror. If you want to read quality works of schlock fantasy, science fiction or horror, Schlock! is the webzine for you!

For details of previous editions, please go to the Archive.

Schlock! Webzine is always willing to consider new science fiction, fantasy and horror short stories, serials, graphic novels and comic strips, reviews and art. Feel free to submit fiction, articles, art or links to your own site to editor@schlock.co.uk.

We will also review published and self-published novels, in both print and digital editions. Please contact the editor at the above email address for further details.

The stories, articles and illustrations contained on this website are copyright © to the respective authors and illustrators, unless in the public domain.

This Edition 

This week’s cover illustration is ‘Highgate Cemetery’ by Alex Norton. Graphic design by C Priest Brumley.
Editorial by Gavin Chappell
Lovecraftiana - The Dream-Quest of Unknown Kadath – Part 5 by HP Lovecraft – Carter journeys towards the fabled Plateau of Leng... FANTASY
The Graveyard Shift by Bryan Carrigan – James toggled his radio. “I think somebody’s down here.” HORROR 
The Stolen Other – Part Four by C Priest Brumley - Kyra can't be gone, I repeated, over and over again… SCIENCE FICTION
Dominion - Part Five by Zak Dawson – The man’s eyes remained frozen in an absent gaze of horror, but now his features resembled those of an Incan mummy. He dropped from my jaws and collapsed on the floor with a disgusting plop… HORROR
Attack of the Cactus People! Part Three Written and illustrated by Gregory Bryant – “Cactus things! They’re attacking us, everybody…” SCIENCE FICTION
Ayame’s Love - Part Sixteen by Thomas C Hewitt – Anton’s lust for revenge had grown weaker... EPIC POEM
The Vault by Rob Bliss – I had the hole dug, not too deep... HORROR
That Gnawing Feeling - Part One by Michael Bray – Danny was dead. At least that had been his first thought… HORROR
The Blood Eagle - Part Two by Gavin Chappell – “I will kill Varg the Black and wipe from my family’s name the blot that is my father’s unavenged death.” SWORD AND SORCERY
Schlock! Classic Serial: Varney the Vampire: Part Fifty-Six ascribed to Thomas Preskett Prest. Before Twilight... before Nosferatu ... before Dracula... there was Varney... GOTHIC HORROR
Schlock! Classic Serial: After London - Part Fourteen by Richard Jefferies – Superstitions… SCIENCE FICTION

EDITORIAL

This week, in The Dream-Quest of Unknown Kadath, Carter reencounters the old slant-eyed merchant he saw so long before in the taverns of Dylath-Leen. 

We have another brush with horror in Bryan Carrigan’s The Graveyard Shift; the return of C Priest Brumley’s Slicer tale, The Stolen Other; what unfortunately looks like the end of Zak Dawson’s Dominion, and the horrific conclusion to Gregory Bryant’s B-movie pastiche, Attack of the Cactus People! Meanwhile, Ayame’s Love continues with Anton resolving to return to Clarissa, and we have another Rob Bliss short, a story of sex and souvenirs entitled The Vault. Starting in this edition is Michael Bray’s That Gnawing Feeling, while my Blood Eagle continues, as do Varney and After London. 

Oh, and a big thank you to Mike Carey and all the oddballs at the ‘At The End of the World’ Flash Fiction Competition in Liverpool last Wednesday!

-Gavin Chappell

THE DREAM-QUEST OF UNKNOWN KADATH by HP Lovecraft

Part Five

At the last, he was very certain, the seeker would long only for the early remembered scenes; the glow of Beacon Hill at evening, the tall steeples and winding hill streets of quaint Kingsport, the hoary gambrel roofs of ancient and witch-haunted Arkham, and the blessed meads and valleys where stone walls rambled and white farmhouse gables peeped out from bowers of verdure. These things he told Randolph Carter, but still the seeker held to his purpose. And in the end they parted each with his own conviction, and Carter went back through the bronze gate into Celephais and down the Street of Pillars to the old sea wall, where he talked more with the mariners of far ports and waited for the dark ship from cold and twilight Inquanok, whose strange-faced sailors and onyx-traders had in them the blood of the Great Ones.

One starlit evening when the Pharos shone splendid over the harbour the longed-for ship put in, and strange-faced sailors and traders appeared one by one and group by group in the ancient taverns along the sea wall. It was very exciting to see again those living faces so like the godlike features of Ngranek, but Carter did not hasten to speak with the silent seamen. He did not know how much of pride and secrecy and dim supernal memory might fill those children of the Great Ones, and was sure it would not be wise to tell them of his quest or ask too closely of that cold desert stretching north of their twilight land. They talked little with the other folk in those ancient sea taverns; but would gather in groups in remote comers and sing among themselves the haunting airs of unknown places, or chant long tales to one another in accents alien to the rest of dreamland. And so rare and moving were those airs and tales that one might guess their wonders from the faces of those who listened, even though the words came to common ears only as strange cadence and obscure melody.

For a week the strange seamen lingered in the taverns and traded in the bazaars of Celephais, and before they sailed Carter had taken passage on their dark ship, telling them that he was an old onyx miner and wishful to work in their quarries. That ship was very lovely and cunningly wrought, being of teakwood with ebony fittings and traceries of gold, and the cabin in which the traveler lodged had hangings of silk and velvet. One morning at the turn of the tide the sails were raised and the anchor lilted, and as Carter stood on the high stern he saw the sunrise-blazing walls and bronze statues and golden minarets of ageless Celephais sink into the distance, and the snowy peak of Mount Man grow smaller and smaller. By noon there was nothing in sight save the gentle blue of the Cerenerian Sea, with one painted galley afar off bound for that realm of Serannian where the sea meets the sky.

And the night came with gorgeous stars, and the dark ship steered for Charles’ Wain and the Little Bear as they swung slowly round the pole. And the sailors sang strange songs of unknown places, and they stole off one by one to the forecastle while the wistful watchers murmured old chants and leaned over the rail to glimpse the luminous fish playing in bowers beneath the sea. Carter went to sleep at midnight, and rose in the glow of a young morning, marking that the sun seemed farther south than was its wont. And all through that second day he made progress in knowing the men of the ship, getting them little by little to talk of their cold twilight land, of their exquisite onyx city, and of their fear of the high and impassable peaks beyond which Leng was said to be. They told him how sorry they were that no cats would stay in the land of Inquanok, and how they thought the hidden nearness of Leng was to blame for it. Only of the stony desert to the north they would not talk. There was something disquieting about that desert, and it was thought expedient not to admit its existence.

On later days they talked of the quarries in which Carter said he was going to work. There were many of them, for all the city of Inquanok was builded of onyx, whilst great polished blocks of it were traded in Rinar, Ogrothan, and Celephais and at home with the merchants of Thraa, Flarnek, and Kadatheron, for the beautiful wares of those fabulous ports. And far to the north, almost in the cold desert whose existence the men of Inquanok did not care to admit, there was an unused quarry greater than all the rest; from which had been hewn in forgotten times such prodigious lumps and blocks that the sight of their chiseled vacancies struck terror to all who beheld. Who had mined those incredible blocks, and whither they had been transported, no man might say; but it was thought best not to trouble that quarry, around which such inhuman memories might conceivably cling. So it was left all alone in the twilight, with only the raven and the rumored Shantak-bird to brood on its immensities. When Carter heard of this quarry he was moved to deep thought, for he knew from old tales that the Great Ones’ castle atop unknown Kadath is of onyx.

Each day the sun wheeled lower and lower in the sky, and the mists overhead grew thicker and thicker. And in two weeks there was not any sunlight at all, but only a weird grey twilight shining through a dome of eternal cloud by day, and a cold starless phosphorescence from the under side of that cloud by night. On the twentieth day a great jagged rock in the sea was sighted from afar, the first land glimpsed since Man’s snowy peak had dwindled behind the ship. Carter asked the captain the name of that rock, but was told that it had no name and had never been sought by any vessel because of the sounds that came from it at night. And when, after dark, a dull and ceaseless howling arose from that jagged granite place, the traveler was glad that no stop had been made, and that the rock had no name. The seamen prayed and chanted till the noise was out of earshot, and Carter dreamed terrible dreams within dreams in the small hours.

Two mornings after that there loomed far ahead and to the east a line of great grey peaks whose tops were lost in the changeless clouds of that twilight world. And at the sight of them the sailors sang glad songs, and some knelt down on the deck to pray, so that Carter knew they were come to the land of Inquanok and would soon be moored to the basalt quays of the great town bearing that land’s name. Toward noon a dark coastline appeared, and before three o’clock there stood out against the north the bulbous domes and fantastic spires of the onyx city. Rare and curious did that archaic city rise above its walls and quays, all of delicate black with scrolls, flutings, and arabesques of inlaid gold. Tall and many-windowed were the houses, and carved on every side with flowers and patterns whose dark symmetries dazzled the eye with a beauty more poignant than light. Some ended in swelling domes that tapered to a point, others in terraced pyramids whereon rose clustered minarets displaying every phase of strangeness and imagination. The walls were low, and pierced by frequent gates, each under a great arch rising high above the general level and capped by the head of a god chiseled with that same skill displayed in the monstrous face on distant Ngranek. On a hill in the centre rose a sixteen-angled tower greater than all the rest and bearing a high pinnacled belfry resting on a flattened dome. This, the seamen said, was the Temple of the Elder Ones, and was ruled by an old High-Priest sad with inner secrets.

At intervals the clang of a strange bell shivered over the onyx city, answered each time by a peal of mystic music made up of horns, viols, and chanting voices. And from a row of tripods on a galley round the high dome of the temple there burst flares of flame at certain moments; for the priests and people of that city were wise in the primal mysteries, and faithful in keeping the rhythms of the Great Ones as set forth in scrolls older than the Pnakotic Manuscripts. As the ship rode past the great basalt breakwater into the harbour the lesser noises of the city grew manifest, and Carter saw the slaves, sailors, and merchants on the docks. The sailors and merchants were of the strange-faced race of the gods, but the slaves were squat, slant-eyed folk said by rumor to have drifted somehow across or around the impassable peaks from the valleys beyond Leng. The wharves reached wide outside the city wall and bore upon them all manner of merchandise from the galleys anchored there, while at one end were great piles of onyx both carved and uncarved awaiting shipment to the far markets of Rinar, Ograthan and Celephais.

It was not yet evening when the dark ship anchored beside a jutting quay of stone, and all the sailors and traders filed ashore and through the arched gate into the city. The streets of that city were paved with onyx and some of them were wide and straight whilst others were crooked and narrow. The houses near the water were lower than the rest, and bore above their curiously arched doorways certain signs of gold said to be in honor of the respective small gods that favored each. The captain of the ship took Carter to an old sea tavern where flocked the mariners of quaint countries, and promised that he would next day shew him the wonders of the twilight city, and lead him to the taverns of the onyx-miners by the northern wall. And evening fell, and little bronze lamps were lighted, and the sailors in that tavern sang songs of remote places. But when from its high tower the great bell shivered over the city, and the peal of the horns and viols and voices rose cryptical in answer thereto, all ceased their songs or tales and bowed silent till the last echo died away. For there is a wonder and a strangeness on the twilight city of Inquanok, and men fear to be lax in its rites lest a doom and a vengeance lurk unsuspectedly close.

Far in the shadows of that tavern Carter saw a squat form he did not like, for it was unmistakably that of the old slant-eyed merchant he had seen so long before in the taverns of Dylath-Leen, who was reputed to trade with the horrible stone villages of Leng which no healthy folk visit and whose evil fires are seen at night from afar, and even to have dealt with that High-Priest Not To Be Described, which wears a yellow silken mask over its face and dwells all alone in a prehistoric stone monastery. This man had seemed to shew a queer gleam of knowing when Carter asked the traders of Dylath-Leen about the cold waste and Kadath; and somehow his presence in dark and haunted Inquanok, so close to the wonders of the north, was not a reassuring thing. He slipped wholly out of sight before Carter could speak to him, and sailors later said that he had come with a yak caravan from some point not well determined, bearing the colossal and rich-flavored eggs of the rumored Shantak-bird to trade for the dexterous jade goblets that merchants brought from Ilarnek.

On the following morning the ship-captain led Carter through the onyx streets of Inquanok, dark under their twilight sky. The inlaid doors and figured house-fronts, carven balconies and crystal-paned oriels all gleamed with a somber and polished loveliness; and now and then a plaza would open out with black pillars, colonnades, and the statues of curious beings both human and fabulous. Some of the vistas down long and unbending streets, or through side alleys and over bulbous domes, spires, and arabesqued roofs, were weird and beautiful beyond words; and nothing was more splendid than the massive heights of the great central Temple of the Elder Ones with its sixteen carven sides, its flattened dome, and its lofty pinnacled belfry, overtopping all else, and majestic whatever its foreground. And always to the east, far beyond the city walls and the leagues of pasture land, rose the gaunt grey sides of those topless and impassable peaks across which hideous Leng was said to lie.

The captain took Carter to the mighty temple, which is set with its walled garden in a great round plaza whence the streets go as spokes from a wheel’s hub. The seven arched gates of that garden, each having over it a carven face like those on the city’s gates, are always open, and the people roam reverently at will down the tiled paths and through the little lanes lined with grotesque termini and the shrines of modest gods. And there are fountains, pools, and basins there to reflect the frequent blaze of the tripods on the high balcony, all of onyx and having in them small luminous fish taken by divers from the lower bowers of ocean. When the deep clang from the temple belfry shivers over the garden and the city, and the answer of the horns and viols and voices peals out from the seven lodges by the garden gates, there issue from the seven doors of the temple long columns of masked and hooded priests in black, bearing at arm’s length before them great golden bowls from which a curious steam rises. And all the seven columns strut peculiarly in single file, legs thrown far forward without bending the knees, down the walks that lead to the seven lodges, wherein they disappear and do not appear again. It is said that subterrene paths connect the lodges with the temple, and that the long files of priests return through them; nor is it unwhispered that deep flights of onyx steps go down to mysteries that are never told. But only a few are those who hint that the priests in the masked and hooded columns are not human beings.

Carter did not enter the temple, because none but the Veiled King is permitted to do that. But before he left the garden the hour of the bell came, and he heard the shivering clang deafening above him, and the wailing of the horns and viols and voices loud from the lodges by the gates. And down the seven great walks stalked the long files of bowl-bearing priests in their singular way, giving to the traveler a fear which human priests do not often give. When the last of them had vanished he left that garden, noting as he did so a spot on the pavement over which the bowls had passed. Even the ship-captain did not like that spot, and hurried him on toward the hill whereon the Veiled King’s palace rises many-domed and marvelous.

The ways to the onyx palace are steep and narrow, all but the broad curving one where the king and his companions ride on yaks or in yak-drawn chariots. Carter and his guide climbed up an alley that was all steps, between inlaid walls bearing strange signs in gold, and under balconies and oriels whence sometimes floated soft strains of music or breaths of exotic fragrance. Always ahead loomed those titan walls, mighty buttresses, and clustered and bulbous domes for which the Veiled King’s palace is famous; and at length they passed under a great black arch and emerged in the gardens of the monarch’s pleasure. There Carter paused in faintness at so much beauty, for the onyx terraces and colonnaded walks, the gay porterres and delicate flowering trees espaliered to golden lattices, the brazen urns and tripods with cunning bas-reliefs, the pedestalled and almost breathing statues of veined black marble, the basalt-bottomed lagoon’s tiled fountains with luminous fish, the tiny temples of iridescent singing birds atop carven columns, the marvelous scrollwork of the great bronze gates, and the blossoming vines trained along every inch of the polished walls all joined to form a sight whose loveliness was beyond reality, and half-fabulous even in the land of dreams. There it shimmered like a vision under that grey twilight sky, with the domed and fretted magnificence of the palace ahead, and the fantastic silhouette of the distant impassable peaks on the right. And ever the small birds and the fountains sang, while the perfume of rare blossoms spread like a veil over that incredible garden. No other human presence was there, and Carter was glad it was so. Then they turned and descended again the onyx alley of steps, for the palace itself no visitor may enter; and it is not well to look too long and steadily at the great central dome, since it is said to house the archaic father of all the rumored Shantak-birds, and to send out queer dreams to the curious.

After that the captain took Carter to the north quarter of the town, near the Gate of the Caravans, where are the taverns of the yak-merchants and the onyx-miners. And there, in a low-ceiled inn of quarrymen, they said farewell; for business called the captain whilst Carter was eager to talk with miners about the north. There were many men in that inn, and the traveler was not long in speaking to some of them; saying that he was an old miner of onyx, and anxious to know somewhat of Inquanok’s quarries. But all that he learned was not much more than he knew before, for the miners were timid and evasive about the cold desert to the north and the quarry that no man visits. They had fears of fabled emissaries from around the mountains where Leng is said to lie, and of evil presences and nameless sentinels far north among the scattered rocks. And they whispered also that the rumored Shantak-birds are no wholesome things; it being indeed for the best that no man has ever truly seen one (for that fabled father of Shantaks in the king’s dome is fed in the dark).

The next day, saying that he wished to look over all the various mines for himself and to visit the scattered farms and quaint onyx villages of Inquanok, Carter hired a yak and stuffed great leathern saddle-bags for a journey. Beyond the Gate of the Caravans the road lay straight betwixt tilled fields, with many odd farmhouses crowned by low domes. At some of these houses the seeker stopped to ask questions; once finding a host so austere and reticent, and so full of an unplaced majesty like to that in the huge features on Ngranek, that he felt certain he had come at last upon one of the Great Ones themselves, or upon one with full nine-tenths of their blood, dwelling amongst men. And to that austere and reticent cotter he was careful to speak very well of the gods, and to praise all the blessings they had ever accorded him.

That night Carter camped in a roadside meadow beneath a great lygath-tree to which he tied his yak, and in the morning resumed his northward pilgrimage. At about ten o’clock he reached the small-domed village of Urg, where traders rest and miners tell their tales, and paused in its taverns till noon. It is here that the great caravan road turns west toward Selarn, but Carter kept on north by the quarry road. All the afternoon he followed that rising road, which was somewhat narrower than the great highway, and which now led through a region with more rocks than tilled fields. And by evening the low hills on his left had risen into sizable black cliffs, so that he knew he was close to the mining country. All the while the great gaunt sides of the impassable mountains towered afar off at his right, and the farther he went, the worse tales he heard of them from the scattered farmers and traders and drivers of lumbering onyx-carts along the way.

On the second night he camped in the shadow of a large black crag, tethering his yak to a stake driven in the ground. He observed the greater phosphorescence of the clouds at his northerly point, and more than once thought he saw dark shapes outlined against them. And on the third morning he came in sight of the first onyx quarry, and greeted the men who there labored with picks and chisels. Before evening he had passed eleven quarries; the land being here given over altogether to onyx cliffs and boulders, with no vegetation at all, but only great rocky fragments scattered about a floor of black earth, with the grey impassable peaks always rising gaunt and sinister on his right. The third night he spent in a camp of quarry men whose flickering fires cast weird reflections on the polished cliffs to the west. And they sang many songs and told many tales, shewing such strange knowledge of the olden days and the habits of gods that Carter could see they held many latent memories of their sires the Great Ones. They asked him whither he went, and cautioned him not to go too far to the north; but he replied that he was seeking new cliffs of onyx, and would take no more risks than were common among prospectors. In the morning he bade them adieu and rode on into the darkening north, where they had warned him he would find the feared and unvisited quarry whence hands older than men’s hands had wrenched prodigious blocks. But he did not like it when, turning back to wave a last farewell, he thought he saw approaching the camp that squat and evasive old merchant with slanting eyes, whose conjectured traffick with Leng was the gossip of distant Dylath-Leen.

CONTINUES NEXT WEEK

You can discuss this story in the Forum. 


THE GRAVEYARD SHIFT by Bryan Carrigan 

James shone his flashlight down the length of the hallway. He was sure it was his imagination but he could have sworn that he’d heard one of the doors open and then close again. It was seventeen minutes past one. The morgue kept banking hours. The doors to pathology lab and blood bank were closed and locked. He felt like an idiot. He toggled his radio and said, “B-level is quiet.”

His radio squawked static. Edwards came on and said, “A priest, a rabbi, and a minister walk into a bar. The bartender sees them and says, ‘What is this, a joke?’”

It was easy to joke from the comforts of the security booth. Edwards was no doubt watching Sports Center. He didn’t have to worry about why central supply’s door was unlocked. The depot’s lights weren’t on. James left them off, letting his flashlight probe the rows of shelves full of gauze, needles, forceps and scissors. Junkies had broken into the pharmacy earlier in the month; B-level was supposed to be locked down as part of the hospital’s new enhanced security protocol.

James toggled his radio. “I think somebody’s down here.”

“No, they’re not,” Edwards said. “Hey, did I ever tell you about the time I let a genie out of his lamp? He gave me the choice between a perfect memory and a ten-inch cock.”

James’s shoe squeaked on the linoleum. He couldn’t help it. They were new. He stopped and listened. He’d had never realized how loudly he breathed. It sounded as though he were breathing through a scuba mask.

“You’re supposed to ask me which I chose,” Edwards said.

“Sorry. I forgot.”

“That’s my line, you jerk.”

James very suddenly wanted a cup of coffee. The undrinkable coffee that they served in the cafeteria. The well-lit cafeteria with its residents and interns, worried family members and bored administrators. It wasn’t that he minded working the graveyard shift. He liked the odd hours and the job suited him, in that it paid him reasonably well, asked very little of him, and left him plenty of time to write. He’d had two plays produced. One centered around a trio of radio astronomers who thought they had detected an alien signal only to discover that the signal had been a hoax perpetrated by one of their own in order to secure continued funding for their radioscope. It had been well received, audiences had laughed at all the right moments, but those laughs hadn’t led to his discovery as the future of American playwriting. His second play, a romantic comedy, had been a complete disaster.

James thought he heard footsteps out in the hallway. He gave chase but found the hallway deserted.

“Anything in the northeast stairs?” James asked.

“Negative,” Edwards replied.

James retraced his steps, checking each door. The pharmacy was secure; it wasn’t a junkie. The film library was locked up tight. The janitorial closet was open, but there wasn’t anything inside worth stealing.

“A guy’s sitting in a bar, quietly getting drunk. The guy next to him yells out ‘26!’ and everyone laughs. Whatever. He just got his card punched. He orders another martini. Someone else ‘17!’ and the place goes nuts. His whole life, all he’s wanted is to be a cop, and it turns out he’s got a heart murmur. Medically disqualified. But a woman in a red dress blurts out ‘9!’ and everyone is cracking up. What the hell, he figures. He raises his glass and yells ‘23!’ Crickets.

“‘Some people can tell a joke,’ the bartender says. ‘You, not so much.’”

“I hate that joke,” James said.

“C’mon, it’s a classic.”

The door to the morgue was open. James nudged it open with his flashlight. It was entirely possible that someone had died in the ER and an overzealous intern had brought the body down for processing. An autopsy was basically their chance to play anatomical detective while dissecting a fresh and juicy specimen. Once upon a time, James had thought that watching an autopsy would somehow fuel his writing. Give it a level of verisimilitude that his work would have otherwise lacked. It hadn’t.

It had left him unable to sleep for three days.

“Two guys are out walking their dogs. The one guy’s got a lab, his buddy’s got a Chihuahua. They walk past a bar and the guy with the lab says, ‘My wife walked out on me. I could use a drink.’ The guy with the Chihuahua says, ‘They’re not going to let us in there with the dogs.’ ‘Watch,’ the guy with the lab says. He walks in and, sure enough, the bartender yells at him, ‘Hey, you can’t bring that dog in here.’ ‘It’s my seeing eye-dog’ the guy says. The bartender relents and pours him a beer. The guy with the Chihuahua tries and it’s the same thing: the bartender won’t serve him. ‘It’s my seeing eye-dog,’ the guy says. The bartender scoffs, ‘Yeah, right, a Chihuahua? Give me a break.’ The guys says, ‘They gave me a Chihuahua?’”

James stepped between the stainless steel tables. The morgue smell of disinfectant and microwave popcorn. 

“See, it’s funny because they’re pretending to be blind,” Edwards said. “‘They gave me a Chihuahua?’ Get it?”

One of the meat locker’s drawers was open. Blood and ichor congealed on its tray. Something had been in there. Someone had taken it out. Something moved. James caught a glimpse of it out of the corner of his eye. It was there and then it was gone. He swept his flashlight around the room, toggled his radio, and said, “I think I’m going to need a little help down here.”

“I am helping,” Edwards said. “This is me helping. I’m keeping your morale up.”

James retreated to the hallway. An intern in green hospital scrubs wheeled a gurney over to the elevator. James exhaled. “Never mind,” he said into his radio. He started towards the elevators and said, “You know you’re not supposed to be down here, right? I’m going to need to see your ID. I’m sure it’ll all come to nothing, but it’s my ass if I don’t fill out an incident report.”

The intern turned towards him and squinted at the light. His eyes were yellow and jaundiced. He had dark circles under his eyes and blue, almost bloodless lips. James realized that the man wasn’t wearing any shoes. He had a tag tied around his big toe. He hissed at James. 

The elevator doors opened. The intern wheeled his gurney inside. The doors shut behind him.

“A duck walks into bar--”

James toggled his radio and said, “I quit.”

“Okay,” Edwards said. “Forget the duck joke. It’s a terrible joke. I’ve got--”

James turned his radio off. Playwriting wasn’t working out. He decided that it was time to get serious about writing a novel. He’d write it somewhere sunny and warm, even if it meant waiting tables again, or worse, teaching. At least he’d have summers off. And the hours were easy. He might need to take a few classes in order to get his certification, but in the meantime, he wouldn’t have to listen to any more of Edwards’s stupid jokes. 

You can discuss this story in the Forum. 

THE STOLEN OTHER by Chris Priest Brumley

Part 4

The levels monitor attached to my arm gave out its uninterrupted string of chirps as it analysed my vital signs without end. The sounds cut through the ringing silence in the room, a silence as heavy as a drape and as suffocating as a wet towel, leaving the air feeling cleansed after each beat, only to be sullied again at once from the oppression.

In my mind, I struggled with the enormity of the words hanging in the air between me and Hector, refusing to believe what I'd heard. Kyra can't be gone, I repeated, over and over again, a mantra I couldn't ignore to save my life. My body tried to vocalize this, tried to force Hector to hear the words so he would call off the charade and announce the joke to all in hearing range, but it wouldn't come. Instead, my vocal chords constricted and halted the air from my lungs, choking me, making my vision go blurred as the emotion of losing the closest person I had in this world killed me with suffocation, I can't let Kyra go, not now, not when I found someone who cared about who I am and not who I was--

"Breathe, Hadley! Dammit! NURSE! Someone get in here, quick! He's fucking suffocating, for Christ sake!" The feel of Hector's hand slapping my left jawline was a reminder of the pain from last night, awakening my aching ribcage, and shocking me back to reality. I drew in one large, gasping breath, feeling the sharp ache of the broken ribs as my back arched in surprise. The sudden aural onslaught that followed, accompanied by the feel of a multitude of hands on my shoulders and stomach, added to the shock, arching my back further and eliciting a scream of pure agony ripped straight from what felt to be the bottom of my soul itself.

The prick of the needle barely registered. The unconsciousness it brought, however, I noticed.

* * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * *

The hospital room swam in to view yet again, that infernal beeping registering on my conscious mind before anything ocular did. I looked to my right as soon as my eyes adjusted to the dim light, intent on asking Hector what we should do next.

He wasn't there. The plain plastic chair he had been sitting in before lay empty, a void that drew the eye with its conspicuous emptiness. I swallowed hard, hearing the heart-rate monitor ratchet up the speed of the beeping in accordance to my own acceleration. In the back of my mind I held on to the glimmer of hope that he had just stepped out for some reason or other, and was in fact fixing to return and lay down a plan of escape for the both of us...

The door burst open then with one quick motion, a slamming noise that echoed around the room. Hector stood in the doorway, as tall as the frame, a wheelchair in front of him and a calm look nestled under his beard. He was dressed in red hospital scrubs, and had his tangle of bushy black hair pulled back, combed, and ponytailed. The effect was overwhelming in its authenticity.

"Mister..." Hector reached for the clipboard I hadn't previously noticed in the seat of the wheelchair, and glanced towards the top of the paper, "Hadley? Hey, my name's Guillermo from transportation services. I'm here to take you to-- let's see here," He added, taking another glance at the clipboard, "--uh, Radiology wants another X-ray of your chest; make sure your ribs are healing in the right position and to see if your lung came out okay."

Clever bastard.

"Yeah, okay Guillermo. You want to give me a hand up here? I shifted in my bed, noticing for the first time the thin plastic tube attached to my forearm. I followed the line to find an intravenous drip set up, with two bags flowing together in to one line. I snapped my head left to see Hector/Guillermo waiting patiently by my bedside, ready to help me up at any time.

"I've been kinda out of it, man. What do they have me on, you know?"

"Let's see, sir." He consulted the clipboard one more time, scanning the page until he got to the bottom. "Says here they got you on 'die-law-did'? Is that pronounced right?" He glanced at me, and seeing my shrug, shrugged himself. "Well, in any case, let me just catch this for you, sir, then we should be okay to be on our way!" He reached over to the I.V. tree and unhooked the two bags, then raised a similar tree from one of the handles on the back of the wheelchair and rehung them. I got up, moving slow so as not to tempt reinjury, and walked the three small steps to where he had set the wheelchair for my convenience and sat down, ribs aching in protest at my new vertical position. Hector/Guillermo reached down, unlocked the wheels, and off we went.

* * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * *

The police outside of my door didn't even do so much as blink.

The doors flew by in a haze, blurry images bleeding in to more blurry images until everything was a complete blur and the world itself had no more details to give. I tried my damndest not to throw my head aside and vomit, instead using what thought process I had left and forcing myself to think about Kyra and her predicament, and me and my predicament, and wouldn't it be just peachy-fucking-keen if the same guy who stole my identity--

"Hector, stop!" I threw my arms outward, almost knocking a young lady over and almost pulling my intravenous line out at the same time.

He didn't.

"Who are you talking to, sir?"

My anger broke. "Okay, Guillermo, stop the chair right now!"

He pulled the chair aside, out of the footpath that seemed to fill the space we occupied in no time at all. Hector's tall frame sauntered around to the front of the chair, exasperation plain on his haughty face.

"You're currently en route to discharge, sir. Are you sure you want to do this now, or can it wait until I get you to your damn vehicle?"

"Fine." I folded my arms to my chest and faked docility as Hector/Guillermo pushed me back in to the dense flow of foot traffic.

"Excuse me, son, where are you taking that man?" The voice came from behind us, authority filling our space like a flood. Hector pulled the chair to the side once more, accompanied by an angry sigh, waiting for whatever was coming to catch up with us. A doctor of middling years toddled around the front of the chair, looking alternately between myself and Hector, trying to discern the situation.

"I'm sorry doctor. My name's Guillermo Diaz from transportation, how are ya today?" I saw a shadow cross my right shoulder, and looked up in time to see Hector's hand extend out to shake the doctor's. When the doctor didn't respond, he withdrew, feigning disappointment, and continued. "Um, okay. Well, I'm, uh, transporting Mister Hadley here to discharge, sir."

"And are you aware that this man is to be discharged only to police units for immediate incarceration and interrogation, son?"

My blood ran cold in my veins, a chill feeling that not even the drugs running through my body could eliminate. Hector, though, had planned for every contingency, it seemed.

"Yes sir. Officer Williams is already outside, and I am on strict orders to discharge this guy here directly to him, no others." I couldn't see Hector's face to tell what he was thinking, but I thought it best to play along regardless. My face fell after the last of his words rang out, hopefully projecting the facade of a man doomed to jail and possibly execution. The doctor looked at me once more, the wheels in his gearbox turning furiously. I lifted my head and stared back through my puppy dog eyes, trying desperately to generate sympathy, to convince this man that I was doomed to the gallows, that I was about to die and please save me sir, don't let them take me away forever...

"I think I'm going to accompany you two out, if you don't mind, son. I need to speak to Officer Williams about some file transfers anyways. Shall we?" His arm swept out to usher Hector and I on our way.

Fuck! Fuck fuck fuck!

I heard Hector's voice float from above my head. "By all means, sir. I do have to stop and grab some flushes for Doctor Radford on the way while we pass by supplies, though, do you mind?"

"Not at all, son. Come on, best not keep Officer Williams waiting, he's a hell hound when he gets pissed." The doctor turned and walked ahead of us, throwing another suspicious look our way before making the full revolution. I gulped, and chanced a glance upwards to the underside of Hector's beard.

The man was cool as ice. Son of a bitch.

We continued on in silence for a few minutes before diverting to the right down a narrow hallway, coming to a halt a moment later in front of a door marked, easily enough, 'Supplies'. I watched Hector as he reached over me on each side to lock the wheels in place, trying to catch his eye, to no avail. Hector's tall form then sauntered to the door, oblivious to the doctor's presence, pushing it open and stepping inside.

The sound of shattering glass and tumbling boxes a moment later attracted the attention of both the doctor and I at the same time, and the muffled cry of "Shit! Someone give me a hand! Aye dios mio!" that followed a split-second later forced the former to action. He sprinted in to the room, letting the door slam behind him, leaving me alone in the hallway.

Another shattering of glass broke the silence, following by a thump. My face broke out in a wide grin as Hector emerged from the room, unperturbed, and walked back to my wheelchair.

"We gotta get out of here, Hadley. Give me one second here--" He unscrewed the I.V. line from the dongle in my arm, spilling fluid from the detached tube, and screwed in a small syringe in its place. One quick squeeze flushed the blood back in to my arm. He then pulled a piece of cotton and a bandage from the front of his smock, held the cotton down over the needle's entry point, pulled out the I.V., and secured the bandage over the cotton, holding it securely in place. "--There. I'll wheel you to the car, but you're walking after that. The drugs should wear off on the ride back, and then I can fill you in on what I've found out about Kyra, okay?"

"What you found abou-- How long have I been out?"

"A few hours since the fight. Come on, we have to go. Now." He got behind the wheelchair in two strides of his long legs, lowered the I.V. tree, and pushed me out of the hallway back in to the throng of people headed for the garage.

* * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * *

Hector's car, a black sports car with a self-charging roof and an extended-life battery, sat waiting on the third floor of the garage, clean and glistening in the few disparate rays of daylight coming through the open cut-outs in the nearby wall. He held the door open for me, revealing my duffel bag sitting on the passenger side seat, open and waiting.

"Get dressed. Quick."

I slid the pants on over my drawers, then my shoes without the socks, bringing renewed shards of pain shooting through my torso. I gritted my teeth and shed the gaudy hospital gown, tossing it to the seat of the chair and revealing the twin scars on my chest from the top surgery years before. I tried not to look down, tried not to see more reminders of my past life that seem to pop up with increasing frequency today, but couldn't succeed. I stared, fingers caressing the scars in reminiscence.

"Today, Hadley!"

Fuck. I lifted the shirt and raised my arms, bringing a shard of pain hitting me like a heart attack, doubling me over from the sheer hurt. Hector appeared at my shoulder, helping me to stand back upright and getting the shirt on with as little pain as possible. I wheezed a single "Thanks" as he helped me down, settling me in the passenger seat and tossing my bag behind the chairs. A twist of his wrist started the electric motor, and in seconds, we were on our way.

The radio was on but too low for me to make out the mindless tune it played. Instead, I focused on Hector as he drove, waiting for the information he promised. He remained silent until we reached the street, and as we sat at the traffic light, he turned to me with a dark look brewing.

"I did some research in the cafeteria--," My stomach rumbled audibly at this. "--while they were working on you in emergency earlier. I cross-referenced your social ident string with regards to people who have accessed that particular bit of information in the last two weeks."

Another rumble. "How? Kyra's gone, sir. Who'd you use for conduit duty?"

"Me."

"Wha--?"

"Remember when I said I'd done this before? Right before we operated on Kyra?"

Pieces fell in to place, one by one. "Yeah..."

He brushed back the loose strands of curly black hair over his right ear and pressed his ear forward with his free hand, revealing a dongle similar to Kyra's. "Guess who my first attempt was?"

"Jesus fuckin' Christ, Hector! Did it hurt?"

"I'll tell you all you want to know later, okay? Bigger picture here, remember?" He released his ear, then the strands of hair, removing the hacking equipment from view once more.

"So, yeah. What'd you find out, sir?"

"I found two hits. Kyra's signature was hidden when we sliced, so she's not one. One was a file-check sweep, looking for what I'm assuming were damaged files and general preparedness."

"And the other is?"

"A man by the name of Jerry Tuttle."

CONTINUES NEXT WEEK

You can discuss this story in the Forum. 


DOMINION by Zak Dawson

Chapter Five

I sat there for a long time, trying to find a point to argue, when I realized, “Hey, you referred to me as a human. Was that intentional?”
 
“Hmm. I did, didn’t I?” the demon mused. “Well, you aren’t much of a vampire anyway. You’re sitting in a veritable treasure trove of souls to feast upon, and chose instead to loaf about watching a kiddie flick.”
 
A treasure trove? I knew there were a lot of people here, but after, their show of hospitality, I couldn’t possibly imagine turning around to feed upon them.
 
“Why would I want to start here?”
 
“You don’t want to feed here? What a waste. If you don’t plan on feeding here, I suggest you move on. You have a limited window to work with.”
 
He was right. I’d wasted enough time here, and my stomach felt as if it were twisted into a knot. I’d enjoyed the brief taste of humanity, but I knew it was time to return to try and hunt, as much as I didn’t want to.
 
I crawled out the window onto the fire escape, so as not to offend the building’s caretakers with my sudden departure. It was feeding time, and the air was thick and moist.
 
I still had some concerns as to how to do it. My previous experiences had me worried it I was even able to do it, I thought as I jumped from the lowest part of the scaffolding onto the alleyway below. I hadn’t collected any of the items I initially planned to seek out, sans the new wardrobe which perhaps made me more approachable.
 
“Since I don’t have fangs, do I need to find a knife or something sharp?”
 
“If you think it will help, go for it.”
 
That wasn’t really an answer, but I was getting used to it at this point. I walked for a long time, alone except for the scurrying sounds of rats and other various animals of the night. I could see this was becoming a waste of time.
 
Rather than continue, trying to seek out a weapon, I decided to try and get the weapon to come to me.
 
“Man oh man, I made a killing at the casino today. Fifteen hundred bucks, stashed right in my pocket!” I yelled out, staggering like a drunkard. “Haven’t decided if I want to spend it all tonight on a prostitute or save it for tomorrow to blow it back at the casino! All I know is I’ve got too much to waste just sitting here, doing nothing but making my pockets look fat!”
 
I stumbled down to the ground, still making a spectacle of myself.
 
“Oh say can you see, by the dawn’s early ‘hic’ light! Got some money to spend, but the gamblers are sleeping!”
 
“And you honestly expect that to work. I feel sorry for you.”
 
I ignored his remark, and continued my song in the most obtrusive manner possible.
 
“You’re going to scare all the food away, you fucking git!” the demon continued, showing more emotion than I was used to hearing from him.
 
“I know what I’m doing!” I whispered under my breath.
 
I heard him growl in irritation.
 
“O’er the land do see!” I began to sing, louder than ever, “In the home of the gray! God, I’m drunk!”
 
I rolled onto my ass, lying just within the reach of the streetlight near an alley.
 
“Well, what are you going to do next? Prance around with your jolly roger flopping about? Tell me, would you approach someone that was doing that shit?”
 
“Nope.”
 
“Then what do you think you’re going to accomplish here. You’re wasting time, and to a vampire, time is precious.” His scolding had turned to a hiss at the end. I could see him looking at me with his furious red eyes and teeth illuminated in the dark.
 
I chose not to respond, and sat waiting to see if my lure would draw any fish. I was fairly certain at this point that I was the only one that could see or hear Dominion, though others could see and hear me.
 
And just like that, I heard footsteps in the distance, though I still couldn’t see the source. Dominion shut up, and I listened intently for the stranger to emerge.
 
“Well, I’ll be a monkey’s uncle,” the demon said, apparently still drawing from the movie.
 
“Don’t make another sound motherfucker!” the stranger said, still invisible in the alleyway.
 
“Is that you Charlie?” I yelled, still playing along to my own game.
 
“I said shut up, you fucking drunk ass prick! Give me your money motherfucker, and you may get to see the light of day.”
 
“Well, that doesn’t sound very appealing.”
 
“I’m warning you motherfucker. Shut the fuck up!”
 
He appeared from the shadows and pistol-whipped me. “I ain’t fucking around. Get the fuck up, and hand over the fucking cash!”
 
“Shit man, I must’ve spent it.”
 
He cracked me hard upside the jaw, and struck me a few more times before I fell hard face down on the ground.
 
“Get up and attack, you idiot!” Dominion said from the distance.
 
I jumped up and grabbed him from the side, trying to wrestle the gun from his hand. He backhanded me hard as my grip failed, forcing me into a spin.
 
I recovered quickly, grabbing his shoulders and headbutting him. He kicked at me, trying to break free from my grip.
 
A shot rung out, and I felt an immediate pain in my stomach. My grip on him loosened as I went into shock. He fired three more times into my chest. I fell to my knees, and then onto my side. I felt his hands reach into my pockets, rolling me over and checking the other side. 
 
“Mother FUCKER!” he yelled, kicking me several times in the side, before walking off, still cursing under his breath.
 
I groaned in defeat.
 
“Is that it?” Dominion scoffed, as if to rub my suffering and humiliation in my face.
 
“I tried.” I said, spitting blood from my mouth.
 
“Yes, and you rolled over and gave up. How fucking pathetic.”
 
“He shot me four times, you asshole!” I groaned.
 
“Yes, and you’re a fucking vampire. What did you give up just because it hurt you? It seems you keep forgetting what you are. Pain is now your existence, and suffering is your muse. You were defeated because you allowed yourself to forget that. Now get up before you bleed out whatever energy you have left, and go kill him, you worthless fuck.”
 
I forced myself to my knees, then up to my feet. I rolled my torso in an attempt to right myself, bleeding out from the bullet wounds. I was weak, but alive.
 
I wasn’t alive; I was immortal. I was the creature of nightmares, a bleeding physical representation of centuries’ worth of horror stories. And that motherfucker just shot me.
 
I ran into the darkness. My feet hit the ground with thunderous thuds as I ran through the shadow-laced alleyway. I saw the fucker’s silhouette turn just as he heard me coming, the look of surprise painted on his features, turning to a sharp terror as I closed in. I struck hard, biting him on the neck, tearing through flesh and sinew, not with fangs, but with the sheer force of the blow. Blood spattered high into the air.
 
He spun around, shocked and flailing his arms in an attempt to defend himself. Shots rang wild in the darkness, none close enough to hit me. I threw the two of us onto the ground and bit again, this time crushing his trachea between my jaws. I pulled up, tearing the organ from its fleshy home. I grabbed the hand armed with the gun and slammed it hard onto the concrete. The shattered hand released the weapon. Now with the threat removed, and with him unable to scream, I could focus on feasting on him.
 
His eyes quivered in terror. I readied myself for one last bite, moving his head to mark the perfect spot. I lunged my teeth deep into his neck. Blood spurted from each groove my teeth left in his flesh, and I swallowed in eager gulps.
 
Something happened deep inside my body, and the inner mechanisms inside me suddenly sprung to life. My stomach churned, and my heart began pumping again, but not the way I remembered it. It pumped like a piston, speeding up with the sudden draw of blood. Like that, the man’s body began to shrivel and pop. I could feel his heart still beating, trying to save itself from total collapse, though by now he’d lost too much blood to recover from the attack. His eyes watched me in shock and disbelief.
 
His body was all but drained of blood, but I couldn’t stop myself from feeding. My mind shut down all but the most necessary functions, eyes fluttering wildly with each new draw. It all felt so primal, so automatic. With one final strong pull from my stomach, the body went limp and lifeless. The man’s eyes remained frozen in an absent gaze of horror, but now his features resembled those of an Incan mummy. He dropped from my jaws and collapsed on the floor with a disgusting plop.
 
Though I’d finished feeding, my body had not yet returned to normal. My flesh felt hot with the inflow of fresh blood.

The bullet wounds felt the warmest, burning as if seared by a hot poker. I growled in pain as every last inch of my body began to burn for several moments. And, just like that, it stopped, and I fell to my knees, exhausted by the experience.
 
My heart stopped beating, and once again I grew cold. I dropped to my side and lied against the filth-laden ground, unwilling to move.

EDITOR'S NOTE: Unfortunately, Zak Dawson will be unable to complete this series for the foreseeable future, but we will be including another of his works next week.

You can discuss this story in the Forum. 


ATTACK OF THE CACTUS PEOPLE! By Gregory Bryant

Part Three

SCENE 6:	THE SHERIFF’S HOUSE

Overview shot of the darkened town. We see that it is a very small place, with a population of 1500 people, at most. Only one desert road runs through the town, and we see headlights approaching from the distance.

All is shuttered and closed down. All the lights are dimmed, except for the very few streetlights in the town. All is silent.

Cut to interior of the teenagers’ car. Here, inside the car, the wailing and confusion of the traumatized teenagers is a jarring contrast to the silence outside.

They drive up to the house of the town sheriff (the town is so small that he operates out of his own house, closing up at midnight – he is the only police force in the town).

Squealing of tires as the car screeches to a stop, and the wailing teenagers come piling out of the car, screaming for the sheriff. Two of the eight teenagers run up to his porch and pound on his front door, while the other six beat on various windows.

The porch light comes on, and the sheriff comes to the front door wearing pajamas, and obviously only half-awake.

Sheriff: “What is it, now? What’s all this ruckus about?”

All the teenagers at once: “We don’t know!” “Things!” “Out down Route One!” “Lotsa them!” “Things!” “Like cactus!” “They wrecked Jesse’s car! “Look!” “We’re bleeding!” “They tried to kill us!”

Sheriff: (Looks from one panicked teenager to the other, taking everything in with a measured manner.)

Sheriff’s Wife (Mattie): (appearing at the door – she is a matronly, middle-aged woman with a kind face) “What is all this? What is going on?”

The teenagers respond, again, all at once. “Things! “They tried to kill us!” “Look at Jesse!”

Mattie (examining the various wounds presented to her by Jesse and the others): “Oh, dear, oh dear! You have got yourselves all cut up! Better come in and let me set to patching you all. You first, Jesse.”

Jesse: “Thank y’ ma’am.”

Sheriff: “Maybe you better put on a pot of coffee for us. Looks to be a night, I’m thinkin’”

Mattie (Leading Jesse and the others into a comfortable living room, and sitting them down on various chairs and the couch): “I’ll be doing that right away.”

Cut to Scene – Sheriff’s wife patching up the teenagers. The sheriff has donned his sheriff’s uniform and quizzes them about what happened. 

Sheriff: “Now settle down. Settle down all of you. And just tell me what happened.”

The teenagers explain again.

Sheriff: “You didn’t go an’ wreck your car, did you Jesse? Out there racin’ in the desert?”

Jesse: “No, sir!” He displays several long cactus needles sticking out of his chest and arms.

Sheriff: “You coulda got those landing in a cactus patch after you spun out.”

Jesse: “But I didn’t, sir. I didn’t”

All the teenagers, in unison: “He didn’t!”

Sheriff: (Heaving a heavy sigh while lighting his pipe) “Well I s’pose I better go on down and take a look. Route One, you tell me?”

Teenagers: “Yes!” “Yes, sir!” “Uh-huh!”

Sheriff (to his wife): “Mattie, why don’t you just keep that coffee hot for me. I’ll be back in twenty minutes.”

He puts on his sheriff’s hat, which makes him look very official and authoritative. The sight of him with his badge on his chest and his gun at his hip is comforting.

Sheriff: “Be right back.” And we watch him step out the door, into the night. The screen door falls slowly shut behind him. We hear his car start, and the sounds of its engine dwindling as he drives off. Finally desert silence.

The teenagers and the sheriff’s wife begin speaking again as the minutes pass. She continues patching them up.

Sequence of shots showing the clock demonstrating time is passing. Twenty minutes comes and goes. Then thirty, then forty. After an hour passes, the teenagers and Mattie, the sheriff’s wife, start to show concern.

An hour and a half comes and goes. And now everyone is obviously extremely worried.

Mattie: “I don’t know what could have happened. If he was going to be held up, he would have called me on his radio.”

Randy: (Putting on his jacket) “I’m going to go and see.”

Dan: (Shuffling quickly into his sweater) “I’ll go with you.”

Mattie: “Now don’t you boys do that. My husband is a good man, but he don’t like to be bothered when he’s doing his job. Besides…”

Randy and Dan: “Ma’am?”

Mattie: “We already got one person to worry about. We don’t need two more.”

Jesse: (Affecting his best juvenile delinquent persona, despite his wounds). “Well, then I’ll go, too. (We see that he is tall and bulky, with strong arms and fists. He looks as if he can handle most anything.)

Curt: “Me too!”

Amy, Sarah, Wendy and Debbie (tearfully, in a chorus): “No, please don’t. Don’t leave us, ple-e-e-ease!”

Mattie: “Don’t you boys go anywhere. I’m going to call Doc. And Eddie. I’ll have them come around.”

She goes to a rotary phone on an end table near the davenport. Picks it up. A puzzled look comes over her face.

Mattie: “That’s funny. The phone is dead.” She taps on the phone, trying to get a response.

Mattie: “Nothing.”

Jesse: (With determination) “C’mon. Let’s go!” (Moving to the door.)

Mattie: “Now boys, before you go off and do anything bold, why don’t’ you drop by Doc’s house and see if you can roust him up. Then go see Eddie, too, and bring `em on by here.”

Randy: “O.K. Ma’am. We’ll get a posse put together.”

Mattie: “That’s good, boy. Get ye a posse. While you’re at it, see if you can get Sage outta bed, and Tisky.”

Jesse: “Yeah. They have shotguns.”

Randy, Jesse, Dan and Curt all bundle out of the house. Amy, Sarah, Wendy and Debbie huddle together with Mattie.

SCENE 7:	THE CACTUS PEOPLE ATTACK

Cut to scene outdoors. The town is quiet. Ominous music plays. Camera moves through the empty street, then we see the headlights of Randy’s car approaching.

The camera follows the car through dark and empty streets as it approaches the edge of town. Cut to interior of car. The boys are tense and silent.

Randy (driving): “We’re almost at Doc’s house.”

Close-up of Randy’s face over the steering wheel. We see sudden shock and horror. He jerks abruptly to brake the car. Squealing of tires on asphalt.

The camera looks out the car window to see what caused Randy his horror. A dark sea of cactus things has surrounded Doc’s house, and is moving on the town like an ocean tide.

The headlights of Randy’s car bring a few of the monstrosities in sharp focus, and we get our first clear glimpse of the things.



They look like walking cacti, half-human, half-cactus, with shreds of Marine Corps uniform dangling from their twisting, writhing bodies. Helmets and gun belts hanging from leather straps. They have no real faces – eyes, noses, mouths and ears are all distributed randomly along their bodies.



Instead of legs, they have long root-like appendages that slither forward like slews of snakes, gripping the ground – by this means, the cactus things drag themselves forward, in jerky, wobbling motions. Some have three arms, some have four, some arms are short, some, impossibly long, and they lash the night air like whips. Some have appendages that have no names.

All are covered with cactus needles, some long, some short, all sharp as shards of glass, and deadly looking. Some are so covered with the needles that it looks like fuzz all over their bodies.

As our eyes dwell upon this mass of misshapen monstrosities surging toward the occupants of the car, we notice a form among them, being dragged along. As the dragged form comes closer to the light of the headlights, it seems oddly familiar to us. Then, with a sudden turn among the lurching of the sea of cacti, the form is jerked forward, and we recognize Doc, the pharmacist, apparently dead, and his body covered with cactus needles.

His eyes are closed, and the teenagers in the car give out a whoop of horror.

“Oh, no!” “Oh, God!”

Stunned, they sit paralyzed with shock as the sea of cactus approaches. Doc’s body falls upon the hood of the car. His head jerks suddenly upward, and his eyes shoot open. He brings his tortured hands to the hood of the car, and forces himself to stand. We realize that he has become one of the undead cactus people.

Then, in quick succession, we recognize the distorted bodies of the Sergeant and the Private from the opening scene, the Old man, His Wife, and their Dogs, from the isolated house in the desert. We also see that the Mule and even the Chickens have been converted to monstrous cactus creatures. Close-up on the cactus-chickens: “Bluck, bluck, bluck.” 

	
	

In an epiphany of horror, we see the form of the Sheriff himself, still in his uniform, with his badge and his gun, come shuffling out from the mass of cactus.


He, too, has been converted to one of the undead cactus creatures, his body a mass of needles. He moves toward the car with the teenagers inside. Cactus roots make their way up the side of the car, clutching onto the hood, as the sheriff drags himself forward. As he comes near, he raises a horribly long cactus branch that seems almost to reach to the sky, wielding it as if it were a club. Just as he begins to swing it down to land upon the roof of the car, Randy recovers from his horror, throws the car into reverse, and drives wildly backward. The sheriff’s long club arm smashes upon the front bumper of the car just as Randy pulls away. The arm smashes into pieces, and the sheriff stands looking blank.

Camera zooms into the stump left of the sheriff’s arm. We see another arm growing in its place, bifurcating at what would have been an elbow, and creating two more forearms sprouting from that point. Each forearm has a dozen wriggling fingers – all are covered with needles.

Cut to the car, racing madly away, down the streets of the small desert town. Randy is leaning on the horn blaring, and causing a huge noise. We see lights going on in the town, as town folk are wakened by the commotion. Some come running out on their porches in their pajamas, some holding shotguns and rifles.

Randy, Jesse, Dan and Curt drive in circles around the town, shouting out the window of the car and blaring the car horn through the night. They drive to the center of town, to a lot that plays the role of a park, with a few sparse trees, benches, and a bit of grass.

Crowd gathers. Multiple shots of sleepy people, cranky to have been so rudely awakened.

Grumblings from the crowd: “What’s going on?” “What’s all the commotion?”

Dan and Jesse stand on the hood of the car. Dan shouts over the crowd: “Things, from the desert! They’re coming! They’re here! They already got the sheriff and Doc!”

Townspeople complaining: “What?” “What’s that he said?” “Things?” “What’d he say `bout Doc?” “What is that boy going on about?”

Jesse speaks up: “You gotta listen! There are things! We seen `em! They look like cactuses, all coming right for…” He stops in mid-sentence. Close-up of his face showing eyes widening in horror.

He points over the heads of the gathered crowd: “That’s them! They’re coming!”

Camera zooms in on the mass of gathering cactus people – they approach as a single wall of death. Glass shatters and walls fall as they tear up the town with their deadly roots.



Close up of roots shooting forward, grabbing up several people in the huddled crowd, and dragging them back into the mass of cactus. We see them dragged across sidewalk and street, screaming and flailing.

A number of men with shotguns begin shooting at the advancing wall of cactus. We see the shots hit, but to no avail. The cacti continue lurching forward.

Suddenly, screams come to us from another direction. Camera swings to the right, revealing another phalanx of cacti approaching from another street.
Dan, Jesse, Curt and Randy: (In sudden shocked realization) “The girls! Mattie!”

They pile back into the car, racing down the street, back to the sheriff’s house, where their worst fears are confirmed. The house is surrounded by cactus people, and they move toward it in a group. From an upstairs window, we see the faces of Amy, Debbie, Sarah and Wendy looking out. They are filled with despair.

Cut to view from the girl’s position at the window. We see a sea of writhing, lurching cactus people, all congregating at the house.

(We hear the sound of gunfire in the background, as the townsfolk battle with the cactus people – multiple cuts to scenes around town. We see several vignettes of townspeople doing battle. Cowboy hats and shotguns. A man in pajamas wielding a chainsaw roaring, surrounded by cactus creatures. He cuts down several of them before he is overwhelmed.)

Jesse (to Randy): “What’ll we do? What’ll we do?”

Randy (Gunning the engine): “I’m gonna…”

Jesse (Interrupting): “Wait! Wait! I have a better idea!”

Randy: “What? Make it fast!”

Jesse: “Gas! We need gas, and lots of it!”

Randy (understanding instantly): “Ernie’s place! The `Gas n’ Go’!”

Dan (from the back seat): “Do we have time?”

Randy: Guns the car and throws it in reverse. He speeds backwards down the street, not taking the time to turn around. We follow the car in its mad race, and see it splatter through a dozen lurching cactus people, splashing the car with vegetative spray.

They get to the gas station just ahead of a mass of cactus people. Dan, Curt, Jesse and Randy all leap out of the car, each to one of the four pumps at the station, and they begin filling gas cans.



Ernie and EJ meet up with them – their house is behind the gas station.

Ernie: “What is all the…”

Dan: “Cactus things! They’re attacking us, everybody…”

Ernie and EJ see what is happening with unbelieving eyes. They begin to help the boys pump gas. They accompany the teenagers through the rest of the movie.

The cactus people stagger nearer and nearer as the boys pump gas.

One lurches up to Jesse, wrapping its roots around his legs. Jesse suddenly turns, while still pumping gas and sprays the hideous cactus-creature with gasoline. Close-up of the cactus-creature’s distorted face being drenched with gas.

Dan rushes over to assist Jesse, tries to pull him away from the cactus-creatures entangling roots. No good. The creature’s roots are too strong.

Jesse fumbles a cigarette lighter from a shirt pocket, flicks it open, and then tosses it right into the face of the cactus creature. It explodes in flames, and Jesse and Dan are blown away from the thing, landing several feet away on the hard pavement.



Close-up shot of Jesse, his face scorched and bruised, and Dan, a long gash on his forehead, looking up from the pavement at the squirming torch that was a cactus creature.

Jesse (ruefully): “That was my lucky lighter.”

Dan: “Lucky for both of us.”

Jesse: C’mon, let’s go!

Both boys scramble up and assist the others in filling gas cans, while flames grow around them. Randy and Jesse pump gas while Dan and Curt carry the cans into the car.

Curt: “It’s getting hot here!”

Randy and EJ: “Almost done!”

Jesse: “This place is going to blow up!”

Randy: “Get as much as you can!”

Flames move toward the gas pumps. A shot of Dan’s face as his eyes follow the path of the flames.

Dan: “We gotta get outta here!”

Randy, Ernie and Ernie’s Son: (pumping frantically, and spilling gasoline on the ground): “Almost…”

A mass of cactus people suddenly lurch through the flames, long and distorted arms flailing at the boys.

Jesse: “Go! Go! Go!”

Dan: “Let’s get outta here. Now!”

The car is filled. Randy jumps into the driver’s seat, while the others climb on top, clinging to the roof. All the interior of the car is filled with gas canisters. Camera looks down from below as we see the car speed away from the gas station, just ahead of a mass of cactus creatures that have nearly surrounded it.

The gas station suddenly explodes, just as the car filled with gas cans gets away. (The explosion creates a cloud reminiscent of the mushroom clouds of the atomic bomb tests in the opening shots) Dozens of cactus creatures are blown up with the gas station. Camera returns to show many more writhing in flames.

Back to the sheriff’s house. We see from interior shots that the cactus creatures have made their way inside. The living room is crowded with them, and they punch holes in the walls and floor with their roots.

Cut to upstairs where Mattie, Sarah, Amy, Wendy and Debbie have retreated. Loud banging and crashing – the walls shake and floorboards crack. The girls scream. Mattie is filled with as much rage as she is fear. She stands at the top of the stair, hurling furniture down on the cactus creatures that strive to make their way up after her. Dresser goes tumbling, then a night stand, then a chair. She knocks down several of the cactus creatures.

Debbie and Amy stand beside her, tossing objects off the railing.

Then a network of cactus roots shoots suddenly through the floor under Mattie’s feet, instantly encircling her. Before she has time to react, she is dragged down through the floor, and she is gone.

Debbie and Amy cry out in horror. They retreat to a bedroom where the other two girls are hiding.

All four girls huddle on a bed, hugging, praying and crying.

Cactus roots shoot up through the floor, lashing the air like a hundred whips. The walls shake, and floorboards fall, revealing huge gaps.

Explosions from outside shake the house. 

A glowing, gleaming light shows through the window – the light of many fires outside.

The roots that had been lashing the bedroom disappear, and the room grows strangely peaceful, while from outside the window we hear a huge commotion. Flames mount higher and higher.

Cut to exterior. We see that Randy, Jesse, Dan and Curt, Ernie and his Son have made it just in time to save the girls. They are hurling canisters of gas at the cactus creatures, setting many of them ablaze.

Jesse and Randy shout to be heard above all the noise: “Debbie!” “Amy!” “Wendy!” “Sarah!”

Cut to the bedroom where the girls are huddled on the bed. They hear their names being called from outside, and stepping carefully over the many gaps in the broken floor, they make their way to the window.

They see Jesse, Dan, Randy and Curt outside, and are relieved.

Girls in unison: “They’re here! They’re here! They’ve come!”

Now the house itself has caught fire, and we see the front porch burning, with the forms of several cactus creatures in flames.

Dan, Jesse, Curt, Randy, Ernie and His Son: (to the girls): “Get out! Get out of the house! Climb out the window! Get out!”

The girls do so. The camera follows them closely as they climb fearfully and awkwardly out the window, teetering precariously on the narrow windowsill.

The boys shout directions at them, as Jesse and Randy continue their battle with the cactus-creatures, flinging the last of their gas canisters at them and setting them on fire.

“To your right!” “Hang on to the roof, and climb to your right.” “We’ll come and catch you!”

The girls make their way, single file, along the narrow strip, till they make their way to the roof of the porch. It is in flames below them, but close enough to the ground that they can jump off without breaking any bones. They hang from the porch, even as it is burning, and drop to the ground.

The boys are right there and pick the girls up, carrying them away to safety.

Quick shot to interior of the burning house. We see it crowded with flaming cactus-creatures. They snap, crackle, and burn.

Cut to exterior shot – we see an overview of what was once a quiet desert town. The sun begins to rise. Almost all is in ruins. Many fires are burning. We still hear sporadic shotgun blasts. Close up to the teenagers, haggard and ragged, faces scorched and scratched. They are shocked and traumatized.

The camera moves through the ruined town. The cactus creatures have been defeated. Everywhere we see the charred bodies of the things and we see various of the survivors mopping up – setting the odd surviving creature on fire, or cutting it down with a shower of shotgun blasts.

The sun slowly rises. Long shot of the sunrise over the town. Eventually, we see a few cars driving at a snail’s pace away down the desert road. We sense that this town has died this night. It will be written off the maps forever.



Fadeout indicates that several days have passed.

We see a military force move in to the ruined town – truck, jeeps, etc. Troops with masks and radioactive gear carefully examine the ground. Several shots of anonymous-looking soldiers poking at the charred corpses of cactus-people with various instruments.

Cut to a field headquarters several miles away. The Unnamed General of the opening scene in a tent with a radioman.

General (Impatiently): “Well? Well?”

Radioman (with headset on): “It’s a mess, sir. Whatever it is that destroyed that town, well they’ve found nothing. Whatever it is, it’s gone.”

General: “What about survivors?”

Radioman: They’ve found no survivors so far, sir.”

General: “Not one? Not even one?”

Radioman: “Not so far, sir.”

General (Shrewdly): “Fifteen hundred civilians lived in that town. All of them gone. It’s a calamity, of course. But it does make our cover story that much easier. All right, soldier. Tell them, on my orders, to bulldoze everything. Bury it deep. And that’ll be the end of it.”

Radioman: “Yes, sir.”

Scroll Text: “The End”		

Roll Credits

You can discuss this story in the Forum. 


AYAME’S LOVE by Thomas C Hewitt

16.

Anton’s lust for revenge had grown weaker 
with the time that he spent with Ayame,
which led him to think more of Clarissa.
Dwelling upon her his will grew weak
but there was a rumour that he had heard
and he held as the last trick up his sleeve
a final effort to even the hurt
after which he decided he would leave.
With some luck he could make enough money
on his way home to occasionally eat.
Travelling lone he could make good time
and now that he was sure which paths were right
he might even beat the winter time cold
and rest winter warm in Clarissa’s home.

CONTINUES NEXT WEEK.

You can discuss this story in the Forum. 


THE VAULT by Rob Bliss

Deprive a man of his privacy and he’ll construct the mechanics of secrecy. The first machination, of course, is silence. So few people know how to be silent. This doesn’t mean just keeping your mouth shut, but knowing how to talk without telling all. Misinformation and deflection are pieces of the silent machine.

I’ve been fucking around on my wife for years, and the dumb bitch hasn’t found me out. Which is ironic because she’s a spy. House cleaning alone allows her passage into every room, doing laundry gives her permission to root through my pockets, paying the bills shows her all my expenses.

I travel for work, so that’s how it began. An old cliché, but I took advantage of my weekend hotel stays, my national and international flights. And when I got home, there were at least a dozen local women I slept with, still sleep with. Some married, some divorced. The widows are easiest. No worries about them talking. They’re desperate for a man to ease their loneliness, lick their wounds, usually still fresh from the funeral. So many people will jeopardize their morality to prevent the onslaught of loneliness.

Since I know how my wife thinks, I can ensure all evidence is erased. As in chess, think many moves ahead of your opponent. No silly lipstick on the collar, perfume on the skin, mussed up hair, condoms in the wallet. Those idiocies are for amateurs. I’m a professional. I am safe.

But, of course, the whores I fuck like to give me souvenirs. When they buy me things, I usually immediately drop off the gift at the local Goodwill donation centre. If they give me something more personal and valuable – a necklace, a ring, their panties – I hide them. I won’t divulge my hiding places, but let’s say none of them are in the house or the car or even on the property.

Admittedly, I am a man of the flesh. I fuck because I love a woman’s flesh. To taste it, feel it against me, smell it, stick my cock in it anywhere I can. I can’t resist and I can’t quit a woman’s flesh. She can fall in love with me if she wants, but it won’t be reciprocated. She’s fooling herself if that’s what she expects. You’re just a fuck, honey, deal with it.

Of course, this flesh temptation led me to the exposing habit of photography and videotaping my fucks. The bitches loved it. Well, they were suspicious at first. Why did I want to document our sex? What would I use the evidence for? I soothed their fears by telling them that they were too sexy not to take pictures and movies of, that they should be models. Maybe do porn, if they were so inclined. Told them I’d love to see them fuck guys or girls on camera, it turns me on and I don’t get jealous.

They all gave in. They soon saw themselves through my eyes – as sexual beings – and their narcissism took hold. They wanted more footage of themselves. Wanted to try new things, wear different outfits, play different role-play characters – all to be caught on tape. Call a woman a whore and she gets insulted and kicks you out of bed. Call her an erotic, exotic, ethereal princess, and she melts in your arms. Soon demands to have you pull her hair, whip her ass, and call her a whore while you ram your cock down her throat.

Sexist, misogynistic? Sure. But true? Yes. You’d be surprised. I know my wife would be, if she ever found out.

So here’s my problem. I’ve acquired a lot of photos and films. I store the digital evidence on secret email accounts, never on disks or computer hard drives. But my fucking goes back – I actually have Polaroids of old, long lost fucks that I can’t bring myself to burn. I’ve scanned them, have a digital copy of each, but the hard copies still exist. And how do you scan soiled, pussy-scented panties? Am I right or am I right?

So I’ve got a growing collection, and all my hiding spots are getting clogged. I needed to put it all into one location, if possible. Having it spread out means (since I’m getting older) that I could forget a hiding place. If the wife discovers just one of them, I’m fucked.

(You’ll ask: why not get divorced? If you’re like me, you know why. I don’t like to give up what’s mine. And staying married while fucking around is the key. The secrecy, the deception, is a large part of the thrill. Kleptomaniacs don’t steal food because they’re hungry. And the wife keeps the whores at bay. They know I’m married, so they don’t propose to move in with me or me with them. A man needs his private lives – plural.)

So here’s what I did. The wife went on a vacation with one of her friends – girl’s week on a Fort Lauderdale beach showing off her bikini, maybe fucking a young stud to make herself less old. I didn’t care. We rarely fucked anyway. Let her have the odd thrill, as long as she doesn’t come home with a disease. But I know her too well: she’ll flirt but won’t fuck around, too afraid of being unfaithful to me. The guilt would kill her. She knows this – she was raised a good church girl – so she won’t put herself in a situation where she’ll bring home a blemished conscience with her suntan.

If she did stray, she would confess, see a divorce coming, then loneliness and depression as a divorcee, blaming herself for our disastrous marriage. That clairvoyance would halt her beach libido and keep her legs closed.

I had a week. I dug a hole in the back field near the treeline. We live on fifty acres, a fallow field stretching from our manicured back lawn to the forest. The forest technically belongs to the township, but they didn’t fence it off. Anyone can wander through the trees, you just can’t cut them down or hunt without a license. I dug the hole on my property so that no government assholes will have cause to fine me for digging.

 I bought a safe. A vault, really, since it’s huge. Five feet standing, three feet thick. Waterproof, with a standard spin combination lock, non-digital, with a water-tight metal shield covered the lock, which itself locked with a key. The boys at the store helped me load it into the truck and tie it down. Asked if I needed help unloading it at the delivery end. Lied and said I had some friends to help, but I have no friends, nor would I want any.

I had the hole dug, not too deep. I didn’t want to dig too far down to get to my stuff. Drove slowly along the fence line where the land was smoothest, never torn up by ploughs and planting. Steered the wheels of the truck over the hole, positioned the tailgate where I needed it. Had a plan, and would only have one shot at it. To use the car jack to tip the safe up until gravity took hold and dropped the massive beast onto its back into the hole, its door facing the sky.

It worked, of course, because I know the machinations of secrecy. I buried it and smoothed the dirt flat, then sprinkled some dried corn stalks over it. The wife wouldn’t bring her spying this far into the field anyway. She kept closer to home.

I still had about five days until she got back. Gathered up all my souvenirs from my various hiding places, brought them home. Dug up the vault, unlocked the metal cover, spun the lock, and dropped everything in. Jewellery, panties, photos, rings, pressed roses, videotapes. The videos may freeze, I realized, but I had my digital copies. Still couldn’t bring myself to burn them. Sealed them into a plastic bag to keep moisture out. I stood back with the vault door propped open and admired my sex life. Looked like the treasures of a pharaoh’s tomb.

But the vault wasn’t even near to full. Thought I had collected much more from my fucks over the years. I wanted more. Called up all the local girls, made my dates with them, brought my still cameras and video recorders. I had a purpose. To fill the vault.

I fucked and fucked and fucked. Not bad for an old guy in the fifth decade of his existence. Got my girls to strip as I filmed – nice and slow, to fill the video cartridges. Snapped hundreds of stills. Multiple angles. Full exposure of my face and body in some of the shots. No need to hide – no one would see, or find, the evidence. Became creative, wanting more articles to collect. Funny as hell – some of them complained that I was taking too many pairs of their panties.

A new idea hit. Those whores who didn’t shave were a blessing. I prefer a completely bald pudendum. But it was easy to convince the bush babies to shave off all their pubes. I put their hair in a plastic zip-lock, wrote their name and age on it, smiled. Some thought it was weird, others kinky. I had my new prize. Convinced the shavers to grow a nice thatch for me to harvest, bag, label, and store.

Human ingenuity knew no bounds. I’ll let you in on another secret. A desperate woman can be a risk-taker. And one hell of a kinky slut. I convinced four of them to piss in a mason jar each. We laughed about it – I passed it off as a joke. Whatever excuse necessary to get my next creative collector’s item.

(Psst – I even had a few used tampons in jars, taken from their bathroom garbage pails. Labelled and sealed, name and age.)

The vault filled, but still had a lot of space before the wife came home. She had fun, was well-tanned, acted normal with me so she felt no guilt, which meant she didn’t fuck around. Good girl.

My collection mania had become so strong that I actually put a pair of my wife’s soiled panties in the vault. I figured she counted as a fuck, so her panties were a legitimate part of the collection.

Life returned to normal. I never fucked my wife’s friends. Had to stay safe. Their allegiance may be more to my wife than to me. It could be a trap: the wife telling a friend to try and seduce me in order to catch me. Never trust your wife’s friends, ever. I was always able to think moves ahead, of the wife and of my libido. That’s the key. The cliché: your dick being your own worst enemy.

 So life went on for another normal year. The vault filled a little more. I travelled and brought home panties and bags of pubic hair in my luggage. Black, blonde, red – I had them all. Most real, some dyed. Yes, some whores even dyed that to match their heads. And I was the weird one.

And then the shit hit the fan. In possibly the most cliché way imaginable. The wife found an earring in a small zippered pocket in pair of my dress pants. I must’ve locked it in there so it wouldn’t fall out, then forgot about it since the pocket was so small. I really should’ve learned to do the laundry.

She was livid. I felt she blew it up way out of proportion. Tried to pass it off as a client of mine, or maybe I found it on the sidewalk, pocketed it for no reason. Couldn’t decide on one story, so, of course, she knew I was lying. I couldn’t think straight, couldn’t think several moves ahead, possibly because I had gone so long with never getting caught. I knew the machinations of secrecy, but not those of getting caught.

She said she had always suspected but had no evidence. A few times when she and I were in town and we passed one of my whores, she wondered why the strange woman was smiling at me, winking openly, some of them stopping me to say hello. Who were those women, she would ask. Clients. Wives of male friends. She said she didn’t know I had any male friends beyond work. Acquaintances then, someone I chatted to when I was in the local café or getting a haircut. She didn’t know I frequented any local places, including the only barber in town, thought I got my haircut in big cities while on work trips. The lies built, but I always deflected her suspicions.

Which made them all come out when she found the fucking earring. Said her friends were suspicions of me too, told her I was no good, that she should leave me. (That’s what fucking friends will get you.) She yelled and stomped and threw shit around the room. I called her a drama queen, which only made it worse. Her anger gave me anger. Which, I guess, is what always happens in such situations, no one to blame really.

Bravado hit me. Stupidly, I said maybe I was fucking around with every woman in town. Why not? Why would I want to fuck her dried up old cunt?

Her face was burning red. She glared at me without blinking, punched the fridge and hurt her hand, broke into tears but was still pissed so she kept yelling. We told each other to fuck off, to eat shit and die. I felt strange. Hollow and filled at the same time. I sweated and felt cold. I smelled her pussy, I smelled shit. I punched the wall just to make her back off. She swung at me, cracked my eye a good one. I grabbed her and threw her to the floor. Whipped my dick out and bragged about how many tongues have tasted my cum.

She rose screaming. Grabbed a knife from the knife block, slashed the air in front of my cock. If I had been hard, she would’ve chopped off the head. I grabbed her wrist to stop her hand. Wrestled standing with her, a fighting dance. She wrenched her knife hand back and somehow – just one of those things really – she slashed her own throat trying to snap my hand off her wrist.

I froze, seeing the blood. She didn’t feel it. A sharp blade and a quick snap, and she just kept screaming and jabbing the blade in the air between us. Only when she felt something wet slip over her collar bone did she look down. A bib of blood grew down her shirt. Then she saw the blood on the knife. Dabbed her fingertips against her neck. I stared, seeing the flesh separated by the slice, the blood pushing out.

She looked up at me, panic and sorrow in her eyes.

“I’ve done nothing but love you. Why would you do this to me?” she asked.

I stayed silent. The knife dropped to the floor. She tried to reach me to hold herself from slipping to the floor, but I stepped back. Horror shone in her eyes as she saw me step away. She crumpled to the floor in a faint. I stared down at her, watching the blood pool, feeling very warm in my chest, my breathing steady.

This all happened in the kitchen. I left her on the floor. Went into the living room, poured a double scotch, clicked on the television. Sat on the couch and finished the bottle. Noticed that night had fallen and I had sixteen messages on the phone.

 The collection didn’t seem to matter as much after that. If the jars of piss were frozen and the bloody tampons stank, so be it. The whole thing was rotten. But there was still room.

Locked the wife’s body in the vault and smoothed the dirt over her. It was strange. I had freedom, privacy. I lived alone, a widower, could bring over any whore and fuck her in my marital bed if I wanted. But I didn’t want to, for some reason. Just wanted to be alone. To think, to process this new found freedom. Kept replaying the wife’s death, changed it up, my mind dramatizing a different scenario. What if it hadn’t been an accident? What if I had slashed her throat? What if I had jumped her and stabbed her repeatedly? Or maybe punched her in the face, broke her nose, and as she was in the bathroom measuring the damage in the mirror, I slipped up behind her and cut her throat from ear to ear with a rusty razor?

What if?

I let the phone ring, the messages collect. Ignored work. Ignored the whores for a while, then called back my favourites. Said I had been out of town. Went over to fuck, but found I couldn’t. Another first: I couldn’t get an erection. At all. No matter what the whore did to me or what I made her do to herself to get me going. I was dead below the waist.

I stayed home. They kept calling, wanting more, describing the things they wanted to try, that they didn’t care about my limp dick.

But I cared. And I figured out why I couldn’t get hard. The wife. She was doing something. I’m too grounded to believe in ghosts, but there was something going on, and she was the only possible solution.

But she was dead. She couldn’t be more powerful than me. I could not let her have that over me. She was merely pushing, so I had to push back.

I took up all the offers I was getting from the whores. Rushed to each, a mild panic gripping me, stripped off my clothes as soon as I could. Tore their clothes off. Practically raped them. No, I did rape them. Not just forceful sex, but slapping and punching and spitting in their faces. Gave two of them black eyes, another couple got fat lips from my fists. Some actually liked what I was doing to them. (I’ll never understand human nature.) They craved more, even though I had a curled soft snail between my legs. They gripped my ankle, dug their nails in to prevent me from leaving. I kicked them off, called them whores and sluts and piece of shit until they let go. Then I sped off to the next whore, speed-dialing as I drove, asking if husbands were out of the house. They protested on the phone, but I still arrived to bust down their doors.

Some cried, asked why I was hitting them. I cursed them, pointing to my cock. They were confused. I knew they were obeying some subliminal commands from the wife. Even if they didn’t know it, I could sense the wife inside them trying to overpower me. They teased and tempted and laughed behind their moans of ecstasy. To be given ultimate freedom with a woman’s body is the greatest gift a man can have, but to be psychologically castrated is the greatest curse. Each was torturing me by giving herself to me. There was no real rape because each whore, whether in ecstasy or in tears, was in control.

Covered in sweat and a little blood, spit slathering my cock and hand, I sped back home. I had to deliver a blow to the root of the cause. I calculated her machinations of torment, and thought a move ahead. She could bring the whores to me, having told them that I was now a widower, my home and space available for intrusion. The whores would swarm and stay. One wife and her spying eyes would turn to many wives and many eyes.

So I would use her to ward them off. The snake’s venom is also its antidote.

I dug up the vault, opened it, released the stench, vomited on the earth. Her body had decayed. I was amazed at how quickly a buried corpse rots, even locked in steel, safe from the invasion of worms and maggots. Yellow skin sealed to bone. Her mouth stretched back, eyes gone, eroded to pits, nose a thin piece of gristle.

Not sure how long she had been down there. You lose track of time when you stop your rituals and routines and just stay home and drink and drink. I never even bought my booze from the local places anymore, instead opting for a long drive to some distant towns to load my truck with cases of bottles.

Since I was in a field, the answer was obvious. With chainsaw in hand, I cut some of the township’s trees. They wouldn’t miss just a few. Got more tools from the shed – nails, an iron mallet, a spool of wire, the shovel already in the truck.

Dug a post hole. Sawed limbs off the two thin trees, circumferences I could wrap my hands around. Cut one tree smaller to be the crossbar, nailed it to the taller tree. A strong base for a scarecrow.

Dragged her out of the vault, aligned her body and arms with the cross shape. Crucified her with nails, and used the wire to hold to the wood those pieces of her peeling away from rot. I needed all of her pinned, no scraps left for the worms. Propped the cross into the post hole, just beside the vault, let the sun bake her, let it illuminate her for all to see.

The whores would be coming, but when they saw their queen crucified, they would retreat, knowing that I was a greater power than them. That I was in control again.

And if the brave ignored the warning, I still had my vault. All the evidence stained and soaked by the wife’s putrescence, useless to me now, her revenge. If they stormed across the field, demanding more of me, attempting to sever the remnants of my manhood, to dare to take a piece of me, to acquire my power … as I said, there was still the vault.

Thick steel walls in the earth to save me from the curse that surrounded me. I would be a king buried with his treasures, happily alone, the earth quiet and providing the greatest solitude. Rest after a long royal life.

I sit here now at the foot of her cross, naked and writing this, the testament of my will, to be buried with me as a last treasure. The vault door is open, waiting.

I look across the field to my house, to the road that leads the traffic onto my property, into my home.

I wait. The whores are coming. They will devour me. I look up and the wife grins with her rotted mouth. Her head sags to one side on its wired neck, as though she pities me.

Perhaps a prayer to her will waylay the coming swarm. Just a small prayer to my beautiful wife whom I have always loved, in life and in death.

This is a love story, after all. It can only end happily.

You can discuss this story in the Forum. 


THAT GNAWING FEELING by Michael Bray

Part One

Danny was dead. At least that had been his first thought. He had recognized the signs. The numbness in his left arm, which had gradually crept upwards towards his shoulder then into his chest. He had held his breath, hoping that he was wrong, and then it hit him. He thought he had known pain, the double leg break that he had suffered as a student back in ‘94 was bad but this was something else. He was grateful that he wasn’t alone. Sarah and Jim were in the apartment that the three of them shared. He had hoped that they had heard the commotion as he tumbled to the floor, as he couldn’t speak to call to them. He couldn’t move, and could only endure the agony as the molten ball of fire that had replaced his heart continued to punish him. He heard them coming, hurried footsteps from the lounge towards the kitchen where he now lay on his back. It felt like a pickup truck was parked on his chest. 

Sarah was a nurse; Jim was a doctor and like himself was fresh out of medical school. He was lucky that they would know what to do, and thought that his chances of survival were decent as long as they acted swiftly. Sarah came first, a vision of blonde hair. She crouched and grabbed the phone, which was still clutched in Danny’s hand. He had been about to call out for pizza when it happened. She held it to her ear, then turned to Jim and nodded, and then she stood and placed the phone back in its cradle, where it acknowledged with a sharp beep beep. There was a tense few seconds of silence as he watched them, and they watched him. 

What are you doing, call a damn ambulance!

His eyes met with Sarah’s and despite the agony, he could see it on her face. She was smiling. 

Why is she smiling? Why aren’t they doing anything?

He had heard stories of people’s lives flashing before their eyes as they died, but for Danny this was not the case. The last rational thought that he had was a simple question.

Why?

CONTINUES NEXT WEEK

You can discuss this story in the Forum. 


THE BLOOD EAGLE by Gavin Chappell

2: Fire and Iron

The dark waters crashed upon the rocks beyond the little cove where her surviving crewmembers had camped. The men – a score or so – were trying to make a raft out of wrecked timbers. Ingunn’s heart burned with an impatience to return to the Viking way. But that would have to wait.

Bugi turned as Ingunn and Broddi scrambled down the slippery rocks towards the shingle; he saw them and started heading up in their direction. 

‘Ingunn!’ he cried as he approached. ‘You’re better!’

Ingunn scowled. ‘I’m back in the land of the living,’ she admitted. ‘But I’m not sure I wasn’t happier asleep.’

Bugi stepped forward. ‘There’s a gang of berserkers on this isle,’ he said. ‘Shipwrecked, like we were. They’re terrorising the nuns...’

‘Their leader is Varg,’ Ingunn interrupted. 

Bugi’s ruddy face paled. ‘Varg the Black?’ he asked. ‘He who killed your father? Who fought us outside Dublin?’

‘Aye,’ Ingunn replied coolly. ‘I will kill him this time.’

‘But he’s invincible,’ Bugi said, his heavy brows furrowed with concern. ‘How can you kill him? Thrand knew that you couldn’t. That’s why he abandoned us.’

‘My brother is a coward,’ Ingunn declared. ‘And an oathbreaker. But I am the Red Daughter. I will find a way - I always do.’ Bugi shook his head uncertainly. ‘Where is Gunnholm?’ Ingunn said suddenly.

‘He’s down with Bild and Fanning, working on the raft. Do you expect him to help you?’

‘Of course,’ said Ingunn arrogantly. ‘He promised that he would do, before the storm sank us.’ She strode over to the raft, where the other Sons of Fin were working. ‘Gunnholm?’ she called. ‘Gunnholm - I need your help.’

It took a while before Gunnholm would answer. When he did, he pushed his black hair out of his eyes and looked at her long and hard.

‘What kind of help?’ he asked shortly. 

Ingunn folded her arms and seemed about to speak. But then she broke away and called out to the rest of her men.

‘Down tools, men and listen to me.’ Quickly, they obeyed and poured down to meet her on the shingle.

‘When are we leaving this rock, Ingunn?’ Thorkell Treebone called. 

‘We’ve nearly completed the raft,’ Biorn added.

‘We’re not going, not yet,’ Ingunn told them, to groans of disapproval. ‘We’ve got business to conclude here.’

‘What, with the nuns?’ asked one Viking. ‘Are we going to loot their church?’

Ingunn scowled. ‘No!’ she snapped. ‘They helped us, don’t you remember?’ She looked around at them. ‘How many of you were with me in the old fleet? Who sailed first under Kormak the Godless?’

About a third of the Vikings had been and they reminded her of it vociferously. She paused and ran her fingers through her hair.

‘For a long time I’ve been hoping to get my hands on Varg the Black and kill him. I swore an oath that I would do it. Varg and a number of other berserkers were wrecked here, when we were. They came to the nunnery and dragged off one of the nuns for their own uses. But after Gunnholm here has finally told me how I can defeat a berserker, I will kill Varg the Black and wipe from my family’s name the blot that is my father’s unavenged death.’ Then she turned to Gunnholm. ‘Gunnholm,’ she said. ‘Tell me at long last. How can I defeat a berserker? Is there a way?’

Aware of the eyes of all upon him, Gunnholm looked at his feet. ‘There is a way,’ he muttered sullenly. ‘But I can’t tell you.’

Ingunn took a step closer, her eyes flashing dangerously. ‘What do you mean?’ she demanded. ‘Why can’t you tell me?’ He had given his word! In fact, he had told her onboard the longship, but the noise of the storm had blotted out his words.

Gunnholm shrugged. ‘I swore an oath, too,’ he replied. ‘“Never to flee from fire or iron; never to speak of the secrets of our craft.”‘

‘Secrets?’ Thorkell Treebone snapped. ‘What secrets? All you berserkers do is go mad in battle and kill everyone in your path.’ 

‘No,’ said Gunnholm inarticulately. ‘No,’ he repeated.

‘What are you talking about?’ Ingunn demanded. ‘What do you mean, no?’

The berserker scowled. ‘Going berserk isn’t just battle madness,’ he muttered in irritation. ‘Not everyone can do it. There’s an art to it. It’s magic.’

Ingunn cursed. ‘Well, how in Odin’s name am I going to kill him, then?’ she demanded. ‘Gunnholm - you must tell me.’

‘I can’t,’ the berserker said desperately, stumbling over his words as he struggled to explain himself. ‘I spent many years learning the arts that make a man immune to fire and iron. I’m a berserk. I’m sworn to serve my lord - or lady - faithfully. But my first loyalty is to my fellow berserkers. If I told you how you could defeat a berserker, then soon everyone would find out. One day there might be no berserkers - we would be wiped out. As soon as someone learns how to deal with us, then we’re doomed. And if we are doomed, then so is the Viking way of life.’

His words hung in the chill sea air and Ingunn looked around to see the faces of her companions. She could see that they all understood.

So did she, but what could she do? Her father had to be avenged; she had sworn to hunt down his killer and carve the blood-eagle upon his back. And yet how could she fulfil her duty if, as Gunnholm said, the whole of Northmen society would be threatened?

She shook her head. This was too big a thing for her to understand and she found it difficult to believe anyway; there would be Vikings until the Day of Ragnarok when gods and giants and men would all go down in battle and blaze, she was sure of it. One way or another, she was honour-bound to kill her uncle.

***

‘Hey, Varg - this nun’s far better than the last! I think she really knows what she’s doing, this one!’

Varg the Black snarled to himself. He raised his head from the turf to glare feebly at Kormak the Godless, who stood before him, looking down uncertainly. ‘You’re not going to kill this one when you get bored with her, then?’ Varg asked. He glanced over to the nearby rocks, where the other berserkers were raping the screaming nun. ‘Ah, can’t you shut her up?’ His head was aching. He always felt like this after going berserk, it was worse than a hangover. Shivering, he turned to retch on the short grass beside him. Then he leant back, his throat raw and slimy and he stared painfully up at the blank white sky above him.

The berserkers were camped some way inland, on the far side of the island from the nunnery, in a shallow, scruffy valley surrounded by sandstone blocks and steep grassy slopes. An ill-tended peat fire smouldered near the middle of the desolate dell and a sluggish stream oozed down from the rocks and flowed towards the far side of the hollow. Varg had slumped down on the grass near the smoking fire while his followers took the girl into the lea of the rocks. A cold wind was blowing and the berserkers wanted shelter for what they were doing.

The nun’s screams briefly stopped briefly and a muffled choking sound replaced them. Varg the Black squinted in her direction to see with some relief that Kormak the Godless had gagged her with strips of material torn from her tattered clothes. He glanced round to see his leader glaring at him and rose quickly, pulling up his breeches.

‘D’you want her next, then?’ he called. ‘We’ve finished with her.’

Varg shook his head, too feeble to demand satisfaction for this insult. He was their leader! He should command more respect than that. But until the inevitable fit of weakness passed, until he got over sending his soul into the beast world, he would be unable to control them at all.

An idea came to him. It was always like this, ideas always came to him in his weakest moments, when he was least suited to put them into practice. ‘One of you,’ he muttered thinly, ‘go back to the nunnery and give them this ultimatum. If they don’t give us all their gold by sunset tomorrow, we’ll burn their nunnery around their heads. Again. Oh, and watch out for Ingunn the Red; she’s trouble.’ 

Kormak nodded and made his way to the edge of the hollow. Varg lay back again. Their ship was repairable, but there were too few of them to man it. They needed more men and the only way they could get them was if they had gold. This place was near enough to the mainland for them to swim ashore. Then they could find men willing to fight for booty, Westmen like Kormak if need be.

Then Varg could return to the Viking life.

***

‘We’ve decided to help you,’ Ingunn declared, as she swept into the main hall of the nunnery, flanked by her warriors.

The Abbess regarded the savage, barbaric figures as they swaggered into her presence and considered her position. ‘Then you intend to save my nuns from these evil men?’ she murmured. ‘Oh, the sweet saints be praised!’

‘Forget them,’ Ingunn sneered. ‘Your only salvation lies in our steel.’ She frowned. ‘Or however it is we’ll kill Varg and his cronies.’

The Abbess looked disconcerted. ‘Why, what is the problem?’ she asked. ‘Surely you outnumber them?’

Ingunn sighed. She crossed over the room to the Abbess and looked her in the eyes. ‘Let me explain,’ she began.

‘You told me yourself that Varg walked through flame with no ill effects when first he came here. When he is in his berserk fit, neither fire nor iron tells on his smelly hide. You see, some of my people are depraved enough to learn witchcraft at the feet of the sorcerers of Finnmark. With this they can do many marvellous things - make fetters spring from their limbs, calm the stormy waves, speak with the dead, or make themselves immune to fire and iron. The warriors we are faced with are some of these - blades won’t cut them because of their magic. We intend to try and kill them, because apart from anything their leader slew my father. But also because we owe you something.’

‘It is sinful and vain to seek vengeance,’ the Abbess murmured. ‘And as for what you term witchcraft - why, the saints can do all these things - and more. Not from sacrificing to devils, but from faith in Christ.’

‘It doesn’t really matter how you explain it,’ Ingunn said. ‘It still makes them very difficult to kill. And nothing you say will stop us from trying. Anyway, I thought you wanted them dealt with?’

‘But how do you hope to kill them, then?’ the Abbess asked. She looked away and before Ingunn could reply, added; ‘They sent us a message while you were at your ship. They say that if we don’t hand over the gold from the chapel at sunset tomorrow, they will burn the nunnery around our heads. But they know that they plundered us the other month! We have no gold. They took it all last time.’

Ingunn looked thoughtful. ‘Sunset tomorrow,’ she said to herself. She glanced at Broddi. ‘Do you think there is any way we could bring pressure to bear on Gunnholm? He knows all we need to know, but he isn’t telling. If we could force him to tell us...’

The Abbess looked at the dynamic, vital figure before her and the temptation of envy seized her heart. All of a sudden, she felt a profound longing to live the life of the Red Daughter - a woman, aye, but a free one. All of her life, Aillinn had been at the beck and call of some man - her father when she was a child, abbots and bishops in later life... But Ingunn the Red spent all her life freely wandering the waves and named no man her master on land or at sea. 

She looked up at the Vikings. ‘If you will save my nuns from these evil men, I shall pray for your souls,’ she said determinedly. Ingunn looked at her cynically, but then patted her on the cheek with surprising gentleness.

‘If there was any point, I’d thank you,’ she replied. She clasped Aillinn’s hand fiercely then. Her grasp was as strong as any man’s, stronger than most, in fact. Ingunn laughed grimly. ‘Yet we’re all doomed to death at the end of time.’ 

Despite the girl’s pessimism, Aillinn could have sworn she saw a glint of something softer behind the hardness of Ingunn’s stony gaze.

Ingunn turned to her men. ‘Right,’ she said, her tone business like again. ‘Back to the ship. We’ve got some talking to do with Gunnholm Finsson.’ 

The Abbess watched them leave. As Ingunn strode out of the hut, it seemed to her that with the Red Daughter went a part of herself whose existence she had never previously suspected. But the shieldmaiden was a tool of God; the nuns’ salvation, but their temptation also. Still, the Abbess wouldn’t mind risking her immortal soul so much if she could live as free as Ingunn the Red.

****

‘No!’ Gunnholm shouted.

Ingunn met his yell calmly, though she boiled inside with frustration at his obstinacy - and his ridiculous attempt to shout her down. The berserker was a fierce warrior, but he was no taller than herself and she never let herself be intimidated even by giants like Bugi, or her own brother Thrand. She glared back at him.

‘You must,’ she said quietly. ‘Or else we’re lost.’

‘How many more times?’ he bawled. Ingunn grabbed him by the collar.

‘You’ll do as your skipper tells you,’ she snarled roughly. ‘Is that clear?’ Staggering backwards as Gunnholm shoved her away, she stumbled straight into Bugi, who was standing at the edge of the crowd of Vikings behind her. He caught her and steadied her. Ingunn dusted herself down. She turned back to Gunnholm. ‘Now you listen to me,’ she said, pointing straight at him. ‘If you don’t do what I say, I’ll banish you from the crew! Understand?’

****

Gunnholm walked moodily down the strand. He had much on his mind.

His father had initiated him as a berserker, choosing him from his other brothers as the one in whom the abilities were strongest, teaching him the runes, the incantations; how to force the iron control of the will upon his weak flesh. Fin had impressed upon him the fact that he had joined a holy order, one whose basic precepts had been laid down by Odin himself, in a former age. 

Lordless berserkers like Varg the Black and his men used their powers for selfish ends, rather than dedicating their lives and their powers to noble kings and warlords. But these ill disciplined duellists and abductors of women were hardly typical.

If it hadn’t mean betraying the vows Gunnholm took during his initiation, he would be only too glad to help his lady kill her father’s slayer. And yet if the berserker’s weakness became common knowledge, how could berserkers ever survive? They were the upholders of an entire way of life, one that had been handed down ever since Odin and his sons ruled over the Northlands. 

Which should Gunnholm break, then; his vow to obey his leader or his vow of loyalty to his kind? If he betrayed the secret, his whole culture might go under. If he kept the secret, he would be banished from the longship crew. But his brothers would insist on standing by him and following him into exile. How would they ever survive without fellow Vikings to aid them? He could survive alone, but they would soon die.

Scowling moodily, he wandered back up the beach.

Ingunn was at the centre of her men. She saw him approaching. He walked straight up to her, forcing his way through the crowd.

‘Gunnholm,’ she said. ‘You have something to say?’

CONTINUES NEXT WEEK

You can discuss this story in the Forum. 


VARNEY THE VAMPYRE ascribed to Thomas Preskett Prest

CHAPTER LXVI.
FLORA BANNERWORTH’S APPARENT INCONSISTENCY.—THE ADMIRAL’S CIRCUMSTANCES AND ADVICE.—MR. CHILLINGWORTH’S MYSTERIOUS ABSENCE.

 For a brief space let us return to Flora Bannerworth, who had suffered so much on account of her affections, as well as on account of the mysterious attack that had been made upon her by the reputed vampyre.

After leaving Bannerworth Hall for a short time, she seemed to recover her spirits; but this was a state of things which did not last, and only showed how fallacious it was to expect that, after the grievous things that had happened, she would rapidly recover her equanimity.

It is said, by learned physiologists, that two bodily pains cannot endure at the same space of time in the system; and, whether it be so or not, is a question concerning which it would be foreign to the nature of our work, to enter into anything like an elaborate disquisition.

Certainly, however, so far as Flora Bannerworth was concerned, she seemed inclined to show that, mentally, the observation was a true one, for that, now she became released from a continued dread of the visits of the vampyre, her mind would, with more painful interest than ever, recur to the melancholy condition, probably, of Charles Holland, if he were alive, and to soul-harrowing reflections concerning him, if he were dead.

She could not, and she did not, believe, for one moment, that his desertion of her had been of a voluntary character. She knew, or fancied she knew, him by far too well for that; and she more than once expressed her opinion, to the effect that she was perfectly convinced his disappearance was a part and parcel of all that train of circumstances which had so recently occurred, and produced such a world of unhappiness to her, as well as to the whole of the Bannerworth family.

“If he had never loved me,” she said to her brother Henry, “he would have been alive and well; but he has fallen a victim to the truth of a passion, and to the constancy of an affection which, to my dying day, I will believe in.”

Now that Mr. Marchdale had left the place there was no one to dispute this proposition with Flora, for all, as well as she, were fully inclined to think well of Charles Holland.

It was on the very morning which preceded that evening when Sir Francis Varney called upon Charles Holland in the manner we have related, with the gratifying news that, upon certain conditions, he might be released, that Flora Bannerworth, when the admiral came to see them, spoke to him of Charles Holland, saying,—

“Now, sir, that I am away from Bannerworth Hall, I do not, and cannot feel satisfied; for the thought that Charles may eventually come back, and seek us there, still haunts me. Fancy him, sir, doing so, and seeing the place completely deserted.”

“Well, there’s something in that,” said the admiral; “but, however, he’s hardly such a goose, if it were so to happen, to give up the chase—he’d find us out somehow.”

“You think he would, sir? or, do you not think that despair would seize upon him, and that, fancying we had all left the spot for ever, he might likewise do so; so that we should lose him more effectually than we have done at present?”

“No; hardly,” said the admiral; “he couldn’t be such a goose as that. Why, when I was of his age, if I had secured the affections of a young girl like you, I’d have gone over all the world, but I’d have found out where she was; and what I mean to say is, if he’s half such a goose as you think him, he deserves to lose you.”

“Did you not tell me something, sir, of Mr. Chillingworth talking of taking possession of the Hall for a brief space of time?”

“Why, yes, I did; and I expect he is there now; in fact, I’m sure he’s there, for he said he would be.”

“No, he ain’t,” said Jack Pringle, at that moment entering the room; “you’re wrong again, as you always are, somehow or other.”

“What, you vagabond, are you here, you mutinous rascal?”—”Ay, ay, sir; go on; don’t mind me. I wonder what you’d do, sir, if you hadn’t somebody like me to go on talking about”

“Why, you infernal rascal, I wonder what you’d do if you had not an indulgent commander, who puts up even with real mutiny, and says nothing about it. But where have you been? Did you go as I directed you, and take some provisions to Bannerworth Hall?”

“Yes, I did; but I brought them back again; there’s nobody there, and don’t seem likely to be, except a dead body.”

“A dead body! Whose body can that be!”—”Tom somebody; for I’m d——d if it ain’t a great he cat.”

“You scoundrel, how dare you alarm me in such a way? But do you mean to tell me that you did not see Dr. Chillingworth at the Hall?”—”How could I see him, if he wasn’t there?”

“But he was there; he said he would be there.”—”Then he’s gone again, for there’s nobody there that I know of in the shape of a doctor. I went through every part of the ship—I mean the house—and the deuce a soul could I find; so as it was rather lonely and uncomfortable, I came away again. ‘Who knows,’ thought I, ‘but some blessed vampyre or another may come across me.’“

“This won’t do,” said the old admiral, buttoning up his coat to the chin; “Bannerworth Hall must not be deserted in this way. It is quite clear that Sir Francis Varney and his associates have some particular object in view in getting possession of the place. Here, you Jack.”—”Ay, ay, sir.”
 
“Just go back again, and stay at the Hall till somebody comes to you. Even such a stupid hound as you will be something to scare away unwelcome visitors. Go back to the Hall, I say. What are you staring at?”—”Back to Bannerworth Hall!” said Jack. “What! just where I’ve come from; all that way off, and nothing to eat, and, what’s worse, nothing to drink. I’ll see you d——d first.”

The admiral caught up a table-fork, and made a rush at Jack; but Henry Bannerworth interfered.

“No, no,” he said, “admiral; no, no—not that. You must recollect that you yourself have given this, no doubt, faithful fellow of your’s liberty to do and say a great many things which don’t look like good service; but I have no doubt, from what I have seen of his disposition, that he would risk his life rather than, that you should come to any harm.”

“Ay, ay,” said Jack; “he quite forgets when the bullets were scuttling our nobs off Cape Ushant, when that big Frenchman had hold of him by the skirf of his neck, and began pummelling his head, and the lee scuppers were running with blood, and a bit of Joe Wiggins’s brains had come slap in my eye, while some of Jack Marling’s guts was hanging round my neck like a nosegay, all in consequence of grape-shot—then he didn’t say as I was a swab, when I came up, and bored a hole in the Frenchman’s back with a pike. Ay, it’s all very well now, when there’s peace, and no danger, to call Jack Pringle a lubberly rascal, and mutinous. I’m blessed if it ain’t enough to make an old pair of shoes faint away.”

“Why, you infernal scoundrel,” said the admiral, “nothing of the sort ever happened, and you know it. Jack, you’re no seaman.”—”Werry good,” said Jack; “then, if I ain’t no seaman, you are what shore-going people calls a jolly fat old humbug.”

“Jack, hold your tongue,” said Henry Bannerworth; “you carry these things too far. You know very well that your master esteems you, and you should not presume too much upon that fact.”—”My master!” said Jack; “don’t call him my master. I never had a master, and don’t intend. He’s my admiral, if you like; but an English sailor don’t like a master.”

“I tell you what it is, Jack,” said the admiral; “you’ve got your good qualities, I admit.”—”Ay, ay, sir—that’s enough; you may as well leave off well while you can.”

“But I’ll just tell you what you resemble more than anything else.”—”Chew me up! what may that be, sir?”

“A French marine.”—”A what! A French marine! Good-bye. I wouldn’t say another word to you, if you was to pay me a dollar a piece. Of all the blessed insults rolled into one, this here’s the worstest. You might have called me a marine, or you might have called me a Frenchman, but to make out that I’m both a marine and a Frenchman, d—me, if it isn’t enough to make human nature stand on an end! Now, I’ve done with you.”

“And a good job, too,” said the admiral. “I wish I’d thought of it before. You’re worse than a third day’s ague, or a hot and a cold fever in the tropics.”—”Very good,” said Jack; “I only hope Providence will have mercy upon you, and keep an eye upon you when I’m gone, otherwise, I wonder what will become of you? It wasn’t so when young Belinda, who you took off the island of Antiggy, in the Ingies, jumped overboard, and I went after her in a heavy swell. Howsomdever, never mind, you shook hands with me then; and while a bushel of the briny was weeping out of the corner of each of your blinkers, you says, says you,—”

“Hold!” cried the admiral, “hold! I know what I said, Jack. It’s cut a fathom deep in my memory. Give us your fist, Jack, and—and—”—”Hold yourself,” said Jack; “I know what you’re going to say, and I won’t hear you say it—so there’s an end of it. Lor bless you! I knows you. I ain’t a going to leave you. Don’t be afraid; I only works you up, and works you down again, just to see if there’s any of that old spirit in you when we was aboard the Victory. Don’t you recollect, admiral?”

“Yes—yes; enough, Jack.”—”Why, let me see—that was a matter of forty years ago, nearly, when I was a youngster.”

“There—there, Jack—that’ll do. You bring the events of other years fresh upon my memory. Peace—peace. I have not forgotten; but still, to hear what you know of them, if recited, would give the old man a pang.”—”A pang,” said Jack; “I suppose that’s some dictionary word for a punch in the eye. That would be mutiny with a vengeance; so I’m off.”

“Go, go.”—”I’m a going; and just to please you, I’ll go to the Hall, so you sha’n’t say that you told me to do anything that I didn’t.”

Away went Jack, whistling an air, that might have been popular when he and the admiral were young, and Henry Bannerworth could not but remark that an appearance of great sadness came over the old man, when Jack was gone.

“I fear, sir,” he said, “that heedless sailor has touched upon some episode in your existence, the wounds of which are still fresh enough to give you pain.”—”It is so,” said the old admiral; “just look at me, now. Do I look like the here of a romantic love story?”

“Not exactly, I admit.”—”Well, notwithstanding that, Jack Pringle has touched a chord that vibrates in my heart yet,” replied the admiral.

“Have you any objection to tell me of it?”—”None, whatever; and perhaps, by the time I have done, the doctor may have found his way back again, or Jack may bring us some news of him. So here goes for a short, but a true yarn.”

CONTINUES NEXT WEEK

You can discuss this story in the Forum. 


AFTER LONDON by Richard Jefferies

CHAPTER IX – SUPERSTITIONS

Felix was now outside the town and alone in the meadow which bordered the stream; he knelt, and drank from it with the hollow of his hand. He was going to ascend the hill beyond, and had already reached the barrier upon that side, when he recollected that etiquette demanded the presence of the guests at meal-times, and it was now the hour for tea. He hastened back, and found the courtyard of the castle crowded. Within, the staircase leading to the Baroness’s chamber (where tea was served) could scarcely be ascended, what with the ladies and their courtiers, the long trains of the serving-women, the pages winding their way in and out, the servants endeavouring to pass, the slender pet greyhounds, the inseparable companions of their mistresses.

By degrees, and exercising patience, he gained the upper floor and entered the drawing-room. The Baroness alone sat at the table, the guests wheresoever they chose, or chance carried them; for the most part they stood, or leaned against the recess of the open window. Of tea itself there was none; there had been no tea to be had for love or money these fifty years past, and, indeed, its use would have been forgotten, and the name only survived, had not some small quantities been yet preserved and brought out on rare occasions at the palaces. Instead, there was chicory prepared from the root of the plant, grown for the purpose; fresh milk; fine ale and mead; and wine from Gloucester. Butter, honey, and cake were also on the table.

The guests helped themselves, or waited till the servants came to them with wooden carved trays. The particular characteristic of tea is the freedom from restraint; it is not considered necessary to sit as at dinner or supper, nor to do as others do; each pleases himself, and there is no ceremony. Yet, although so near Aurora, Felix did not succeed in speaking to her; Durand still engaged her attention whenever other ladies were not talking with her. Felix found himself, exactly as at dinner-time, quite outside the circle. There was a buzz of conversation around, but not a word of it was addressed to him. Dresses brushed against him, but the fair owners were not concerned even to acknowledge his existence.

Pushed by the jostling crowd aside from the centre of the floor, Felix presently sat down, glad to rest at last, behind the open door. Forgotten, he forgot; and, looking as it were out of the present in a bitter reverie, scarcely knew where he was, except at moments when he heard the well-known and loved voice of Aurora. A servant after a while came to him with a tray; he took some honey and bread. Almost immediately afterwards another servant came and presented him with a plate, on which was a cup of wine, saying, “With my lady’s loving wishes.”

As in duty bound, he rose and bowed to the Baroness; she smiled and nodded; the circle which had looked to see who was thus honoured, turned aside again, not recognising him. To send a guest a plate with wine or food is the highest mark of esteem, and this plate in especial was of almost priceless value, as Felix saw when his confusion had abated. It was of the ancient china, now not to be found in even the houses of the great.

In all that kingdom but five perfect plates were known to exist, and two of these were at the palace. They are treasured as heirlooms, and, if ever broken, can never be replaced. The very fragments are rare; they are often set in panels, and highly prized. The Baroness, glancing round her court, had noticed at last the young man sitting in the obscure corner behind the door; she remembered, not without some twinge of conscience, that his house was their ancient ally and sworn hearth-friend.

She knew, far better than the Baron, how deeply her daughter loved him; better, perhaps, even than Aurora herself. She, too, naturally hoped a higher alliance for Aurora; yet she was a true woman, and her heart was stronger than her ambition. The trifle of the wine was, of course, nothing; but it was open and marked recognition. She expected that Felix (after his wont in former times, before love or marriage was thought of for Aurora) would have come upon this distinct invitation, and taken his stand behind her, after the custom. But as he did not come, fresh guests and the duties of hospitality distracted her attention, and she again forgot him.

He was, indeed, more hurt than pleased with the favour that had been shown him; it seemed to him (though really prompted by the kindest feeling) like a bone cast at a dog. He desired to be so regarded that no special mark of favour should be needed. It simply increased his discontent. The evening wore on, the supper began; how weary it seemed to him, that long and jovial supper, with the ale that ran in a continual stream, the wine that ceaselessly circled round, the jokes, and bustle, and laughter, the welcome to guests arriving; the cards, and chess, and games that succeeded it, the drinking, and drinking, and drinking, till the ladies again left; then drinking yet more freely.

He slipped away at the first opportunity, and having first strolled to and fro on the bowling green, wet with dew, at the rear of the castle, asked for his bedroom. It was some time before he could get attended to; he stood alone at the foot of the staircase while others went first (their small coins bought them attention), till at last a lamp was brought to him, and his chamber named. This chamber, such as it was, was the only pleasure, and that a melancholy one, he had had that day.

Though overflowing with guests, so that the most honoured visitors could not be accommodated within the castle, and only the ladies could find sleeping room there, yet the sacred law of honour, the pledge of the hearth-friend passed three generations ago, secured him this privilege. The hearth-friend must sleep within, if a king were sent without. Oliver, of course, would occupy the same room, but he was drinking and shouting a song below, so that for a while Felix had the chamber to himself.

It pleased him, because it was the room in which he had always slept when he visited the place from a boy, when, half afraid and yet determined to venture, he had first come through the lonely forest alone. How well he remembered that first time! the autumn sunshine on the stubble at Old House, and the red and brown leaves of the forest as he entered; how he entered on foot, and twice turned back, and twice adventured again, till he got so deep into the forest that it seemed as far to return as to advance. How he started at the sudden bellow of two stags, and the clatter of their horns as they fought in the brake close by, and how beautiful the castle looked when presently he emerged from the bushes and looked down upon it!

This was the very room he slept in; the Baroness, mother-like, came to see that he was comfortable. Here he had slept every time since; here he had listened in the early morning for Aurora’s footfall as she passed his door, for the ladies rose earlier than did the men. He now sat down by the open window; it was a brilliant moonlight night, warm and delicious, and the long-drawn note of the nightingale came across the gardens from the hawthorn bushes without the inner stockade. To the left he could see the line of the hills, to the right the forest; all was quiet there, but every now and then the sound of a ballad came round the castle, a sound without recognizable words, inarticulate merriment.

If he started upon the hazardous voyage he contemplated, and for which he had been so long preparing, should he ever sleep there again, so near the one he loved? Was it not better to be poor and despised, but near her, than to attempt such an expedition, especially as the chances (as his common sense told him) were all against him? Yet he could not stay; he must do it, and he tried to stifle the doubt which insisted upon arising in his mind. Then he recurred to Durand; he remembered that not once on that day had he exchanged one single word, beyond the first and ordinary salutation, with Aurora.

Might she not, had she chosen, have arranged a moment’s interview? Might she not easily have given him an opportunity? Was it not clear that she was ashamed of her girlish fancy for a portionless and despised youth? If so, was it worth while to go upon so strange an enterprise for her sake? But if so, also, was life worth living, and might he not as well go and seek destruction?

While this conflict of feeling was proceeding, he chanced to look towards the table upon which he had carelessly placed his lamp, and observed, what in his agitated state of mind he had previously overlooked, a small roll of manuscript tied round with silk. Curious in books, he undid the fastening, and opened the volume. There was not much writing, but many singular diagrams, and signs arranged in circles. It was, in fact, a book of magic, written at the dictation, as the preface stated, of one who had been for seven years a slave among the Romany.

He had been captured, and forced to work for the tent to which his owners belonged. He had witnessed their worship and their sorceries; he had seen the sacrifice to the full moon, their chief goddess, and the wild extravagances with which it was accompanied. He had learnt some few of their signs, and, upon escaping, had reproduced them from memory. Some were engraved on the stones set in their rings; some were carved on wooden tablets, some drawn with ink on parchment; but, with all, their procedure seemed to be the repetition of certain verses, and then a steady gaze upon the picture. Presently they became filled with rapture, uttered what sounded as the wildest ravings, and (their women especially) prophesied of the future.

A few of the signs he understood the meaning of, but the others he owned were unknown to him. At the end of the book were several pages of commentary, describing the demons believed in and worshipped by the Romany, demons which haunted the woods and hills, and against which it was best to be provided with amulets blessed by the holy fathers of St. Augustine. Such demons stole on the hunter at noonday, and, alarmed at the sudden appearance, upon turning his head (for demons invariably approach from behind, and their presence is indicated by a shudder in the back), he toppled into pits hidden by fern, and was killed.

Or, in the shape of a dog, they ran between the traveller’s legs; or as woman, with tempting caresses, lured him from the way at nightfall into the leafy recesses, and then instantaneously changing into vast bat-like forms, fastened on his throat and sucked his blood. The terrible screams of such victims had often been heard by the warders at the outposts. Some were invisible, and yet slew the unwary by descending unseen upon him, and choking him with a pressure as if the air had suddenly become heavy.

But none of these were, perhaps, so much to be dreaded as the sweetly-formed and graceful ladies of the fern. These were creatures, not of flesh and blood, and yet not incorporeal like the demons, nor were they dangerous to the physical man, doing no bodily injury. The harm they did was by fascinating the soul so that it revolted from all religion and all the rites of the Church. Once resigned to the caress of the fern-woman, the unfortunate was lured farther and farther from the haunts of men, until at last he wandered into the unknown forest, and was never seen again. These creatures were usually found among the brake fern, nude, but the lower limbs and body hidden by the green fronds, their white arms and shoulders alone visible, and their golden hair aglow with the summer sunshine.

Demons there were, too, of the streams, and demons dwelling in the midst of the hills; demons that could travel only in the moonbeams, and others that floated before the stormy winds and hurled the wretched wanderer to destruction, or crushed him with the overthrown trees. In proof of this the monk asked the reader if he had not heard of huge boughs falling from trees without visible cause, suddenly and without warning, and even of trees themselves in full foliage, in calm weather, toppling with a crash, to the imminent danger or the death of those who happened to be passing. Let all these purchase the amulets of St. Augustine, concluded the writer, who it appeared was a monk in whose monastery the escaped prisoner had taken refuge, and who had written down his relation and copied his rude sketches.

Felix pored over the strange diagrams, striving to understand the hidden meaning; some of them he thought were alchemical signs, and related to the making of gold, especially as the prisoner stated the Romany possessed much more of that metal in the tents than he had seen in the palaces of our kings. Whether they had a gold mine from whence they drew it, or whether they had the art of transmutation, he knew not, but he had heard allusions to the wealth in the mountain of the apple trees, which he supposed to be a mystical phrase.

When Felix at last looked up, the lamp was low, the moonbeams had entered and fell upon the polished floor, and from the window he could see a long white ghostly line of mist where a streamlet ran at the base of the slope by the forest. The songs were silent; there was no sound save the distant neigh of a horse and the heavy tramp of a guest coming along the gallery. Half bewildered by poring over the magic scroll, full of the signs and the demons, and still with a sense of injury and jealousy cankering his heart, Felix retired to his couch, and, weary beyond measure, instantly fell asleep.

In his unsettled state of mind it did not once occur to him to ask himself how the manuscript came to be upon his table. Rare as they were, books were not usually put upon the tables of guests, and at an ordinary time he would certainly have thought it peculiar. The fact was, that Aurora, whom all day he had inwardly accused of forgetting him, had placed it there for him with her own hands. She, too, was curious in books and fond of study. She had very recently bought the volume from a merchant who had come thus far, and who valued it the least of all his wares.

She knew that Felix had read and re-read every other scrap of writing there was in the castle, and thought that this strange book might interest him, giving, as it did, details of those powers of the air in which almost all fully believed. Unconscious of this attention, Felix fell asleep, angry and bitter against her. When, half an hour afterwards, Oliver blundered into the room, a little unsteady on his legs, notwithstanding his mighty strength, he picked up the roll, glanced at it, flung it down with contempt, and without a minute’s delay sought and obtained slumber.

CONTINUES NEXT WEEK

You can discuss this story in the Forum. 

