The Kindred
By Ariana Kenny
Published by Ariana Kenny at Smashwords
Smashwords Edition
Copyright by Ariana Kenny May 2011
Table of Contents
Prologue
Chapter 1
Chapter 2
Chapter 3
Chapter 4
Chapter 5
Chapter 6
Chapter 7
Chapter 8
Chapter 9
Chapter 10
Chapter 11
Chapter 12
Chapter 13
Chapter 14
Chapter 15
Chapter 16

Prologue 
James ran. He ran harder than he had ever before, but it felt like his legs were deadwood, deadened beneath the weight of his body as he hit the concrete. The cold air stung his lungs as he gasped, trying desperately to regulate his breath so he could move faster. He had read about how athletes learned breathing techniques to maximize their lung capacity, to speed the oxygen through their bodies and do incredible things. Even as James struggled to get his lungs to work more efficiently, he realised it was all he could do not to pass out. His chest burned, his muscles were on fire, and each breath came violently, erratically, and with little of the control he wanted.
Most people were dodging out of his way, but he didn’t even try to miss hitting those who hadn’t seen him, or heard the gasps of those he pelted past, anymore. Why bother, he looked like a madman anyway, blood and sweat trickling down his face from the newly re-opened gash on his head, his shirt stained deep red from the blood that had pooled about him less than an hour ago. Any moment now he expected the police to cut him off, surround him. Someone must have alerted them by now. He wished he could have caught a cab or even a bus – but no one was going to pick him up looking like this.
James didn’t know how but he managed to pick up his pace a little more. It still wasn’t enough, he didn’t feel like he was making any ground, other than ploughing into café tables nearby and leaving a trail of distressed people, yells and infrequent shrieks in his wake. How he wished that with all his skills, with all his talents – if you could call them that – that he could send a mental message, or project himself somewhere. Hell, even being able to run faster than the average person would have been something he would settle for, right now. James thought through all of this, even while he still ruminated over what had happened over the last few days, why he had been so blind. 
A newly birthed drop of sweat, mingled with his blood tickled from his forehead, past the scar that lay just a sliver of silvery flesh across his cheekbone. It seemed to move so slowly, emphasising that time felt slowed even at his break neck pace. The drop slid down his neck, catching in the leather strap of the necklace he wore, and hanging off the medallion it supported before more droplets joined it, forcing it to fall free and land on the mark on his chest he usually covered up. There hadn’t been time for frivolities when he had run from the house though. James no longer cared that people might see the handprint shaped mark that had been burned into his body so many years ago. All he could think of was getting back in time to help her, a kindred spirit, and of course, he knew who would be there too. He hoped there would still be a chance to save them both. He thought through all of this as he tried to mentally will his body to push through the pain, even though he knew he wasn’t going to make it in time….
Chapter 1
23 years ago 
James was only twelve when he arrived at his first psychiatric institution. Even while the admission papers were still being completed his father had left with Dianne in the car seat next to him. His father had paused long enough to slow the car down, sign on the dotted line and walk away without a second glance. James had refused to speak the entire trip there, hearing his father rant and rave about how mentally wrong he was. How he was just like his mother. James knew of course it was too late to make a difference by not talking now. He should have kept his mouth shut earlier; then it might not have been so easy to lock him away.
Watching the dust kicked up by his father’s car through the wire meshed window behind the admission counter, James remained monosyllabic as he was checked in by the nurse in charge, and stood over by the insufferably tall bodyguard-like, ward attendant. James had no intentions of talking about what he saw again. He had every intention of getting released as soon as he could, or escape sooner if possible. A quiet rage burned around the space in his chest that his heart should occupy, but since his mother’s alleged death, and the way his teachers, his neighbours and his father all treated him, he was fairly certain it had stopped beating when hers had.
A final nudge to his right shoulder told James to follow the orderly, which he did, to a bland coloured cell of a room. James sat on the edge of the bed as the light of the day grew, then paled. He remained unmoving, not wanting anything other than to be left alone by the nurses, the orderlies, or even worse, the patients who really were mad. He maintained his place on the edge of the bed all that first day waiting for the night to come. You wouldn’t have seen it as an outsider, but he felt immense relief when they locked his door for the night. His relief wasn’t that he would be left alone, but instead, he knew it wouldn’t be long before she came.
When he woke the next morning, James realised he had fallen asleep waiting for her, but she hadn’t come. Maybe she couldn’t reach him in here, he had reasoned. Though he couldn’t understand why that might be because since she had left, his mother visited him regularly, humming the tune she used to sing to usher him to sleep from when he was a younger. Since they had told him his mother had died, he had felt her presence every night. Even though it caused him to cry into his pillow that she wasn’t there to make him breakfast in the morning, to help him with his top button or smooth down the lock of hair that always stood up so unruly on the top of his head, hearing her, knowing she was there somehow, made him feel he wasn’t alone. He missed her touch though. She was like an image seen through the haze of the roadside in the midday sun when he saw her, but he knew he wasn’t imagining it like the doctor and his teacher had said, because when he would hear her voice he knew in his bones it was her and not just wishful thinking.
Waking in that room alone, James had felt the first sense of utter isolation, and venturing out to sit his gangly frame at a communal dining table, he had felt so very small and vulnerable. A female orderly with kind eyes came over and dropped a bowl of oatmeal in front of him, but James could hardly find the strength to pull his arms from his lap. His instinct to keep his arms and legs folded in to himself was as powerful a force as the building drive to run screaming from this place and the crazy people it contained. Instead he sat quietly, taking it all in, wide eyes stinging against the urge to cry. Maybe she wasn’t coming back anymore.
An older boy, an adolescent patient, sat next to him, blankly staring at James who tried to ignore him. Eventually, the boy reached out tentatively towards James’s face and extended a finger out to touch the purple scar that traced his cheekbone. When James flinched away from the touch, as he had so many times before, the boy grew enraged. “I don’t like being touched.” James offered by way of appeasement, but the boy’s blackened irises deepened and James jumped up as the boy’s face reddened.
“Don’t you run!” the boy screamed and the twenty or so mix of patients and staff halted at the tone. “Don’t you fucking run! I know you! I see you!” The boy stood up, fists clenched, arms taut with rising adrenalin, and in the background James saw two staff rush to a nearby trolley and pull out a syringe. Two patients started rocking, one started praying. James trembled involuntarily trying to make a decision to run or not when the boy lunged at him. James tried to push back, but ended sprawled on the floor as the older boy pinned him. There were whooping and sobbing sounds from the patients, and the sound of staff thundering across the linoleum flooring towards them. The boy raised a fist, his maddened vicious features terrifying James as he saw the punch coming for him. “You’re one of them.” was all that the boy said before his fist connected with James’s head and he lost consciousness.
When James woke, there was a friendly faced male nurse attending to him in the medical office. “You alright James?” the nurse asked him in a deep and comforting tone. James wasn’t answering though. He had already decided he wasn’t going to cooperate. The more he said, the more trouble he brought on himself. “I wouldn’t want to say much either.” The nurse was clearly happy to fill the quiet space, and spoke in a light-hearted manner as he continued to take the ice pack from James’s face, dry the area, and dab antiseptic across the wound. James rose to sit and face the nurse. “I’m Bernie anyhow.” The nurse continued ignoring the wince James gave. “Nice to meet you.” Bernie held out a hand, and James took it tentatively, shaking it. 
Bernie rose to dispose of the rubbish as he continued talking. “The boy who hit you - Cyrus - he’s been here a while now. They always have him on different meds, but nothing seems quite right.” Bernie paused thoughtfully as he sat back across from James. “Your admission forms say you have violent delusions, but I have to say I’ve seen people come up against Cyrus before, and everyone with an ounce of violence always fights back. You didn’t.” Bernie paused again as though waiting for a response, though he knew he wasn’t going to get one.
Taking a band aid from the trolley beside him, he placed it over the torn skin before he continued chatting. “I told them on admission you’re too young to be in here. But they said there were no beds in the high needs refuges, or the children’s facility – so here you are.” Bernie sighed before leaning in towards James, purposefully increasing the intensity of what he was going to say. “James, you’re going to be seeing the shrink a little later today. I get not wanting to talk, but it will help. Otherwise they won’t see you getting better. You talk, they listen, and once they figure out you’re not a danger, tada! – You’re out of here.” Bernie paused looking intensely at James as if trying to ensure the boy understood. “Capiche?” he enforced, and James nodded.
Smiling, Bernie looked pleased with himself, and escorted James to the door, where an orderly was waiting to escort James straight back into the common room.
It was another day before he was taken to one of the resident psychiatrist’s offices where James sat in the oversized chair that was bolted to the floor as a precaution. A bare desk made of old well used wood separated him from the older gentleman who sat casually in a collared shirt, V neck vest and slacks which matched the polished black shoes James could see peeking out from under the desk.
James waited patiently, trying his best not to give away the intimidation he felt. The rest of the room was equally barren of ‘things’ with only a few posters, a couch adorned with cushions and a pile of toy animals and soft body dolls in the corner. Nothing sharp, nothing that could be thrown, or used as a weapon passed the doors to this room. If Cyrus was anything to go off, James decided that was a good move.
James was busy visually exploring the dark bolts that fastened the psychiatrist’s table to the floor, and noticed that they matched the ones used on the chair he was seated in when the psychiatrist, who had silently been observing him spoke. “Do you know why you are here?” the man’s soft voice had cooed. James didn’t respond. He revealed nothing. The psychiatrist continued. “I have it written here you have behavioural issues. Want to tell me a bit about what’s been happening?”
James just stared stoically back, though his look was not a harsh one, just self protective and cautious. Silence would be his friend regardless of what Bernie had said. The psychiatrist had seen this before though, and only vaguely hid the curl of his lip. He did however up the shots, because for him, the kid wasn’t leaving until he shared what it was he wanted so badly to hide. He had read the file of course, the statements from the teachers, and reports by James’s father, and of course, the police reports. James was young, however, and was unlikely to know that he was already an open book. “You didn’t sleep last night. All the checks said you were up staring at the window all night James. What were you looking at?” Again, nothing. 
Perhaps, the psychiatrist reasoned, trust was an issue still fresh for the boy given the teacher James had confided in about his hallucinations had promptly told his father. As if they wouldn’t have. James’s grades, social interaction and general conduct had plummeted since his mother’s death. After the boy had started fighting with the older kids, the school had had to intervene and caution him. When his father had turned down repeated requests to attend the office to discuss the issues, the boy had explained that his father was scared to punish him anymore. Pressed further, the only response he had initially given was that his father was scared James’s mother would ‘get him’.
“Do you often have trouble sleeping James?” When there again was no response, the psychiatrist openly smiled, leaning his elbows on the table in front of him. “You know I can keep at this all day.” There was only one common thread in James’s violent outbursts at school and with his peers. The subject of his mother. “Were you waiting for your mother?” There it was, the flicker in his eyes and the double blink. The psychiatrist leaned back smugly. “So you can hear me. That’s a start.”
James let out a jagged breath as he decided what to say, if anything. This man, this doctor obviously knew some things. Maybe he already knew everything. James held his tongue.
“I read the police report on your mother – and the one on your classmate. At least the last one before you came here. He was making some crack about your mother, and how she died – falling to her death like that. Said she was drunk.”
James’s resolve crumbled. The burning feeling of bile rising in his throat revisited him as it had the day he had held a piece of broken mirror against a classmate’s neck for speaking ill of his mother. Never mind the glass had been smashed by James’s own head by the boy who had later pressed charges. Never mind the year lead in of bullying, bad jokes and snide comments that had contributed to James’s one moment of desperate retaliation. Never mind all of that, because for all the small things James had done, this one big thing had been deemed an ‘escalation’ of his violence and the police had promptly become involved. James couldn’t stand the comments. Not even after a year of taking them since his mother had gone.
“She isn’t really dead.” James managed to stumble. He chewed on his lip after.
“Police report says otherwise. Says she fell off an incline on the way home from having drinks with friends one night.”
James shook his head and averted his eyes.
“Tell me what happened the night your mother died?”
“She didn’t die. I told you.” James bit. 
“So explain it to me.”
“Why?” James felt his need for understanding betrayed his need to be quiet, to protect himself.
“So I can understand.”
James thought deeply. No one had asked him what had happened that day – just taken what his dad had said as gospel. 
“James, I have heard and seen a great many strange things in my time. You can trust me to do the best I possibly can to help you get out of here.” James looked confused at the remark. “The point is to get people out of here, not keep them in.” the psychiatrist explained.
James relaxed, as he was supposed to. “My mum came home that night.”
“What night?” the psychiatrist knew well what night. 
“The night they say she died.” James nearly whispered it.
“She had been out.” 
“Once a month – mum went to Kathy’s house.” Her best friend according to the reports.
“But Dad had friends over too. She was mad when she came home, because he promised to watch the game with me, but he invited them over and I was in my room.” 
“And that made your mum mad?” As suspected James shook his head and touched the scar on his face without even realising it. “Something else happened.” the psychiatrist encouraged.
“I was crying. He said not to cry, only babies cry, but it hurt, and I didn’t know what would happen.”
“What happened?”
James thought back to that night as he recalled to the psychiatrist what he had seen. He had been watching some of the football game with his Dad, and two of his father’s friends until he had asked too many questions about the players and the rules. One of his Dad’s friends, Grant had then unceremoniously taken James’s seat from him by saying there had been ice cream in the kitchen. When James had come back disappointed there was no ice cream, and then angry he had been tricked, he had told Grant he was stupid and that had been it. His father had dragged the boy to his room and hit him with his belt to teach him not to be insolent, but for the first time ever James had fought back, trying to knock his father away, and in the affray the belt buckle had connected with his face, leaving a large gash across his cheek. James had wept into his pillow as his dad scolded him for being weak before returning to his friends and the last half hour of the warm up game. His mother had returned just over an hour later, angry that the boy was not being watched and then livid when she found her son bloodied and trembling.
Though he could feel her ire, like waves of irradiating heat flowing from her usual calm façade, she had said and done nothing to betray her emotions until after she cleaned his wound and patched the skin together with her first aid kit. The gash had been made with malevolence, but he always would remember it with fondness for the way she gently took care of him. The last time she had touched him.
The thought brought stinging tears to James’ eyes, and he couldn’t help but start talking. 
James explained how his mother had given him something for the pain, a kiss on the forehead, that he remembered how her medallion that hung on her neck clunking against his chin. Then she had tucked him in to bed, before going to face his father. James had, of course, snuck out behind her, watching her fists clench and release as she walked the stairs. Her long white dress danced at her feet as she walked the long corridor to the dining room where his father and friends sat at the table booing the latest change in the course of the game.
From the doorway she had calmly called to him. “I need to talk to you Harold.”
Knowing the topic of conversation and hearing the tone in her voice, Harold, James’s father, didn’t even look up. “I’m in the middle of a game.” He dismissed.
“I need to talk to you now.” she had pressed.
“No.” Harold’s friends had made faces and poorly concealed smirks.
His mother walked up to the table and smacked her palms on the surface, laying them flat before curling her fingers so the points of her nails dug into the cheap finish. 
“Did you hurt him?” she yelled, though Harold, still obstinate, didn’t look up. He had many years before made sure she never spoke out of turn. Now she had new friends, he deduced he had let her roam too far. The embarrassment peaked his blood pressure as he ground his teeth figuring out what was the best level of response to her indiscretion, in front of his friends no less. “Did you hurt my boy?” she insisted, knowing full well the answer, her own scars burning against her clothes.
James could barely see from his vantage point, so crept further down the stairs and peered down the dark corridor into the sharp fluorescent lighting.
“I’m…” his father started softly, but built as he rose to standing, “In the middle of a game!” His friends grew quiet as Harold stared his wife down menacingly. In the bitter silence Harold yearned to fill the room with the sounds of his retribution. Instead, her fingernails broke, cracking under the pressure she placed on them in her rage. She stared at the tabletop incensed, seeing nothing but her son’s bloodied face in her mind, and feeling the sharp sting of the memories of the pain she accepted but never deserved over the years.
James crept down the corridor, nearing the doorway to the room his mother occupied.
“Hey!” Harold’s friends shouted in response to seeing the tips of her fingers bead with blood from the broken nails as they looked up at her alarmed. The glasses of scotch and coke that sat in front of them started to bubble, the contents wisping away as though boiled from within the very glasses that held them. Once they could draw themselves from the shock of what they saw, they stood on shaky feet, staring at her. When she looked back at them, moving nothing but her eyes, her usual cool blue irises were black, the whites of her eyes now as red as the blood that pumped with vigour through all their ears.
Everyone took a step back, but no one more than Harold feared the movement would catch her eye.
The momentary silence was broken only by the cheers of the television set at the end of the dining table as James’s mother and Harold locked eyes.
She shrieked, an unholy sound that shattered the glass from the television. With one swift move of her hand, she overturned the table sending it flying across the room. The three men stood back, near huddling at the sight of her, white dress, black and blood ridden eyes staring at him, at them. She hissed like a cat as her shoulders rose and she sidled left and right as though deciding where to strike first.
When she stopped moving their fear increased even more.
Grant managed to move and took hold of the nearby scotch bottle, holding it in the air defensively as he inched away towards the sliding glass door. But she wasn’t looking at him. Her eyes remained fixed on Harold. She extended her hand and a bloodied finger towards where he stood, the father of her child, whose jaw now hung open in response.
Gathering his wits, Grant took a step forward aiming to protect Harold, who wrenched a table leg from the upturned furniture, and started swinging it like a bat.
She advanced a step. “You don’t hurt him.” It was her voice, but it was deep, distorted and threatening. Then it happened.
The third man gasped in response to the sound. “My God in heaven.” he muttered. 
The very words uttered from his mouth threw her back against the wall. The man needed no further convincing, he fled as Grant and Harold stood like stone.
The words that had been spoken, however, continued to resound through her body like a shock wave. She breathed deep, writhing in what looked like agony at first, but with her deep breaths the look on her face changed to ecstasy. With an evil smile she started levitating up the wall, hovering as a rumbling sound emerged from within the walls themselves, and there was a great cracking. While she hung there, back against the wall, the plaster started to fracture behind her. Once the fissures in the wall stopped, the rumbling ceased, and James’s mother again stood on the ground, the image remaining on the wall behind her was clear. The cracked plaster behind her was in the shape of two broad-stretched wings, reaching from her back to the corners as would the wings of the angels in the pictures James had seen in books and in movies.
Grant dropped to his knees and crossed himself, but Harold moved quickly and swung the table leg towards her. She caught the blow mid swing of course, knocking Harold backwards, and took a stride towards him, as Grant came to his senses and rose to hit her.
James had meant to call out to warn her, but all that had come out was a barely audible squeak, though she heard it. In the moment it took for her to turn back, her strengths left her, her eyes returning to normal, concern reflected in them.
In that moment, Harold saw his chance and struck out again. This time, with James distracting her, Harold made the connection, and stunned, she fell to the ground. As she struggled to lift her body, he struck her again, James flinched at the blow. This time she barely moved at all except to lift her head towards Harold with rage burning afresh.
Extending an arm out, she boosted her torso up, dragging herself towards Harold, only Grant hit out with the glass bottle he still clutched tightly.
Now no longer able to hold herself upright, she looked to where James had been hidden. He had picked up one of the guitars Harold collected and kept underneath the stairs. He carried the overweight item in his hands meaning to hit out in her defence but when she saw him she shook her head stopping him, and she smiled at him, blood staining her teeth as a final knock rendered her unconscious.
James left the guitar leaning against the wall and fled back to his room. He hadn’t seen it, but even as she lay dead her oozing blood had forced a path along the floor, snaking its way towards Harold who climbed a chair to evade it. James had lain, unmoving in his bed, for the rest of the night.
The psychiatrist seemed on edge. “That was the last time you saw her?” he asked, his voice forced to sound flat and unphased. 
James hesitated before he replied. “No.” 
“The next night.” James answered honestly.
“What happened the day after, before you saw her again?” the psychiatrist backtracked.
“The next day no one was there so I went to school. I walked, so I was late, and got in trouble.”
“Did you tell anyone?” The psychiatrist was even more agitated now, shifting in his seat.
“No, but they sent me to the nurse because of my face. She called home, but no one was there.” James paused to lean forward. “I didn’t say anything.” he insisted.
With bated breath the psychiatrist asked the inevitable of the gangly boy that faced him across the table “Why not?”
As though it was the most ridiculous question in the world, but he was trying to be polite, James asked back: “What was I going to say, sir?”
The psychiatrist seemed alleviated by the amusement of the answer, and nearly embarrassed at his becoming so enmeshed in the story. “So what happened then?”
“I came home from school. No one was there. By the time it was night I made myself dinner and went to bed. Dad came back late. He had been drinking, and came to my room, but all he said was “Your mother’s gone away for a while.”
“I asked when she would be back. But he closed my door and locked it.” James looked far away before he continued on to say more. “I heard him talking later. He was talking to someone on the phone. He said he saw her, even though she was gone. In the mirror of the truck on the way to work, at the place he was having dinner. He looked frightened.”
“And you saw her after that?”
“I only heard her first. She was singing to me through the window. I couldn’t sleep, and she came for me.”
“But you only heard her.”
“But it was her. I smelled her too. And she stroked my head until I fell asleep.”
“You were lying in bed tired, and felt she was there with you?”
James sensed where this was going. “But I didn’t dream it.” he objected. “I saw her the night after watching me from outside. She was under the tree that we sat at when she read to me. I knew she was there to keep me safe.” 
“I told Dad the first time. Told him she was still looking out for me, you know.”
“Is that why they say your father was scared of her, and punishing you.” 
James thought about the answer for a minute. “Also Grant died, and his other friend. I don’t know his name.”
“How?”
“Some accident. They ran straight off a cliff.”
The psychiatrist paused, trying to come to terms with the very core belief this boy had that his mother had behaved in this way. At the very least he would be calling the police and making a statement that the boy’s mother may well have been murdered, her body dumped, and this tale concocted by James to deal with what he had seen. Not one to quibble, he took a breath, readying to confront James with some hard truths. There, therapy could begin. “That’s some story.” he conceded leaning back. 
James’ heart sank. He knew it, he shouldn’t have made the same mistake. “It isn’t a story.” James clenched the chair arms. “It’s the truth.”
“I believe you think it is the truth, but I think your mother died the night you described. The trauma of seeing your mother beaten like that – you made up what you saw to cope….” James wanted to run. There was a sudden feeling of being exposed, unprotected and he wanted to cry again. He just wanted someone to believe him. Here was another person he had opened up to who gave him the same pitying look, and masked apprehension.
The psychiatrist persisted. “What was your mother’s name.”
James no longer wanted to play this game. He shrank into himself, even drawing his legs into himself as he willed himself to disappear into the embrace of the oversized chair. “You know her name.” he mumbled. “You act like you know a lot. You gotta know that.”
The psychiatrist did. “Angela. Her name was Angela.”
“So.” James snapped, pressing his lips together stubbornly.
“You said the wall cracked – it looked like angel wings.” James didn’t respond. “Do you believe in God, James?” Again, nothing, but James could feel his nails digging into this legs. “Were you scared when you saw her? When you saw what your father did to her, or are you angry that she died and left you?”
The final insult, saying she was dead, and that she left him! She might not be there anymore, but she wasn’t gone, and she had not abandoned him. He saw her, felt her, heard her. Finally incensed, James roared and threw his small frame across the table, swinging his fists. The last thing he remembered, though, was being held down as the psychiatrist called out for help, and the needle sinking into his side.  
Chapter 2
Later, a humming woke James. Moonlight had crept in the sealed window, and yet the sound penetrated the glass, its subtle notes caressing his mind from the stupor of the drugs they had injected him with.
James sniffed as he pulled himself to sitting. Wiping his nose with his sleeve, he saw a smear of red against the grey-white linen of his clothes, and felt the dried blood pinch the skin in his nose as it was disturbed. James crinkled his nose in response, before the sound prompted him again.
James stood, halting his breath so he could hear more closely.
There it was again. He was sure of it. James rushed to the window and pressed his palms against it. Peering past the mesh, he saw her far in the distance, her voice carrying far too loudly for the distance. James smiled broadly as his world began to pull back together. James tugged at the edges of the window frame, which refused to give way, and when he looked back out, he couldn’t see her. Disappointment ravaged his young features.
Without warning she sprung up in front of him, placing her hand on the mesh. A burning sound hissed out and the window cracked open, the mesh pulled to the side just enough to let James squeeze through. 
As he stood with his feet in the freshly cut grass, he searched for her, seeing her hidden behind the gazebo to the far right. Walking towards her, she walked ahead, and towards a far tree line. James ran and caught up to her just as she extended a hand behind her for him. He clenched her hand tight, satisfied that he hadn’t lost faith, she was here, she had come for him, and she was far from dead.
“Where are we going?” James asked her.
“Nowhere James. Just for a walk.”
James looked up at her confused but her face was oddly hard to see. “What? I can’t go back. They said bad things about you.”
They kept walking hand in hand past the tree line as she deliberated the statement. “Did they?” James paused and she knew what he was thinking immediately. 
“You want to know what happened. How I did some of the things I did.” she asked.
“I don’t know how they did what they did to you.” James added.
“Aw, James, you were always so much more human than I expected.” James looked confused but she dismissed him. “It doesn’t matter, because you aren’t ready yet. You’ll go back. Today, tomorrow, a week from now – whenever they find you, and you’ll learn what to say, and what not.”
“I don’t understand.” James admitted.
“Honey, you’re young. You’ll get stronger when you get older, but I have to give you a gift now because we’re running out of time.” 
“Don’t leave me. Please.” James begged, latching on to his mother’s waist, drawing her to a hold.
“It isn’t a choice, but I have to give you something that will prove I’m always part of you.”
“I only want you.” he protested.
“You can’t have me, no one can. Your mother called me into her to give her strength she didn’t think she had. I was here to make you, protect you, then teach you how to be all you could be. Only I thought I would have more time. So I will have to settle for giving you what I came for. You’ll have to do the rest.”
James furrowed his brow.
She leaned down to meet his teary gaze. “It’s a special gift, from me…” Her voice deepened and James looked up at her. “…to you.”
“Mama?” his pupils grew wide as her eyes seemed to sink back into her skull. She smiled as he took in the site of his mother’s distorted face. Her voice returned to normal though her face did not. “You’re going to make me proud!”
With that she placed her hand over James chest and through his shirt he felt the burn. At first he trusted her, knew she wouldn’t hurt him, but quickly the pain set in, his clothes singed and he grabbed at her hand trying in vain to tear it from him.
The pain grew, seared into him from her hand. He screamed and fell to his knees, pain draining the consciousness from him as he collapsed into the grass.
When he woke the next morning, sprawled on the grass, James blinked in the sunlight, before he looked for her, then looked over the burn mark on his chest. It was shaped like a clear handprint. He fingered the wound, more confused than ever, before he heard the orderlies coming for him, and he ran. 
5 years later
Almost 18, James had learned a lot in the last few years. The first time he had run, he hadn’t even lasted a day before the cops found him. The second time, he made it three weeks before he was caught stealing food, and promptly returned to the care of the institution. They had been baffled as to how he got out. It seemed though, no matter the situation, whenever he got cornered, whether by the police, the drug dealers he occasionally ran errands for, or by security, he somehow always got free. James maintained – albeit to himself – that the only reason he hadn’t been caught the third time was essentially because he had turned himself in.
Since that last night James’ life had been turned upside down again, and he had actually needed the help the place offered – the doctors and the meds. Once he got the majority of what he was experiencing under control, he had been able to think through and make some sense of everything. Once he had done that, he could focus on pretences, making sure everything seemed more or less alright to the outside world. That was only possible with the drugs though. He had tried street drugs, drunk himself stupid trying to escape what he saw, felt and heard, but at the end of the day, the pills made it so he stayed in control. Little white drops of clarity. Even then, though, James used Bernie and the psychiatrist he now knew to be called Peter Sampson, as a yard stick for appropriate behaviour. His peers became the things to separate himself from.
Of course it meant over the years he had become institutionalised, removed from the life he was now moving into. James was certain though, that even now as he was calmly packing his belongings up, readying to leave, he would adjust. Even as he ignored the dead roommate he had spent the last five years conversing with in the dark of the night, and pretending not to see during the day.
It had been the first thing he had truly been terrified by when they locked him back up, but only because he couldn’t get away. When he wandered from the grounds after he had woken abandoned in the grass, charred handprint on his chest, and his mother’s medallion in his pocket, he had seen many other things. Of course he had run from them, the moving shadows, the eager eyes that raked over him when they realised they could be seen… his body involuntarily shivered as he thought of it.
“Someone walk over your grave?” Bernie’s voice boomed as he poked his head around the open doorway. James twisted in surprise, but smiled at the familiar face. “Make sure you say goodbye before you run out of here, hey!”
“I wouldn’t leave without saying goodbye Bernie.” James smiled as he ignored his roommate creeping up behind him and standing unbearably close. He liked to give James the chills, as if the sight of the grievous slash marks across his greyed skin wasn’t enough by itself.
Bernie tapped the doorway, smiling as he strode away. James would miss him, but not so much he didn’t want to get out. He felt ready for the rest of his life, whatever it held.
Once finished Dr Sampson walked James out. “No more visions, no more noises, no more seeing …things.” The man practically beamed. “You should be really proud of yourself.”
“Thanks, I am, Dr Sampson.” James replied as he passed the spirit that peaked out from what had once been an isolation room, but now served as a storage space. Five years and he had never seen her walk the corridors like some of the others. Much like his roommate, somehow she seemed tied to a particular space. Perhaps by will, or habit. He hadn’t had the chance to find out because this place was too frequently visited by staff.
James fiddled with the medallion at his throat as the two walked the corridors, James keeping his practiced gaze still, his reactions muted to the occasional soul that revealed itself, contempt in its eyes for him. 
“All kinds of doors can open for you now.” Dr Sampson had said as James climbed in to the cab, ignoring the dead hooker who lay sprawled across the far seat, unseen by anyone but James.

“I hope so.” James had called through the open window as they drove away and he wrestled open the pill box in his hands. He crunched down on another pill, and let the pieces soak into his system under his tongue. As the magic pills did their work, the hooker disappeared, and James moved on to his future horizons.
Those future horizons were not as bright as he hoped, though. The visions became overwhelming; every street smothered him with a new sense of something unreal, the dead and the desperate. One by one though, things seemed to break down, starting with his first job. 
The position had been one he had secured on a day release venture. No one knew about his past. It had been perfect – working in an office supply store. Not a lot of death and despair there.  
In the painfully fluorescent light of the boarding house bathroom mirror, James shaved before work. As he did, the barely-a-man boy who had lived there before stared at him with his black circled eyes, and dated punk hair cut that would be following him around for the ever-afterlife. The boy watched him intently, aware that James knew he was there, but James was careful not to interact, not to give anything away. He was no fool of course. He didn’t believe ignoring them would make the spectres go away. He had tried that already. But James was going to live his life, ignoring this affliction of his that he could not understand. Why he saw these things he did was beyond him, and a question he stopped asking himself around the same time he decided to make believe for the people at the institution. It didn’t matter anyway.
James was nearly finished shaving when the boy got up from his spot in the corner where he was perched and moved sideways, still watching James’ every movement. James watched only in his peripheral vision as the boy dissipated. He audibly sighed in relief as he finished the last scrape from his neck to his jawbone.
With a jolt and an ungodly sound the boy rematerialized right next to James’ shaving hand. In fright, James cut himself and glared in anger at the boy who now smiled in satisfaction.
“Stay away.” James yelled, abandoning his blood marked blade in the dirty sink as he left the room, gathered up his jacket from his one bedroom accommodations and headed out the door.
Arriving at the job, James finished his first shift well enough, no problems outside of learning the cataloguing system. He nervously fiddled with the few stray hairs he had missed on his shaving attempt that morning in spite of his being sure there was nothing to worry about in this place. He badly needed to fit in. If this worked, then he might begin to believe he could belong somewhere. And so it was for the first three days. 
Day four brought something else though.
In his time at the institution he had seen plenty of frightening things.  Things that called to him. Things that were, or should have been dead and buried, but he had come to understand they were trapped there, tied to the place they had died in. Stuck in the depravity of their loss. As it was with the boy in his room he had gone back to ignoring. As it was with people he passed who had died in alleys, in taxi cabs, in hospitals, and other places he avoided like the plague. That was why he had chosen where he had to work. Not a great likelihood that people dropped dead in the erasers and pens department. He could breathe clear.
After feeling particularly confident helping an older lady pick some back to school items for her grandkids, James took her to the register enjoying the chance to speak with the amicable woman. Her husband had followed her, a few feet away from them, silent and appraising of James’ treatment of his wife. He was really beginning to enjoy having the conversation with a normal, everyday person who was clearly happy for his help. He wound up the sale and as the two left the counter, smiles on their faces, James bid them goodbye. 
“Good afternoon ma’am, and to you too sir.”
At his words she spun on her heels. “What?” she asked surprised.
“I just wished you a good afternoon.” James clarified his face falling at the woman’s surprised and somewhat upset expression. Her husband continued smiling as though undisturbed, maybe even a hint of amusement crept in.   
“You said to you too sir…” she walked a pace back to the counter. James’ boss, Carter, approached from the electronics section as James looked back to the woman’s husband still standing where he had been a moment ago. A chill crept up James’ shoulders and neck.
“Is there something I might help with?” Carter queried of the woman who was pale white watching James staring straight over her shoulder to the thin air behind. 
“What do you see?” she asked James, ignoring Carter altogether. 
“Nothing. Nothing, sorry, my mistake.” James stumbled as he returned his focus to her. 
“Who do you see?” she pressed. “I think I know, just tell me.”
James shook his head mutely as Carter’s eyes narrowed in on him.
“It’s my husband isn’t it?” She pushed. “I’ve been feeling him, with me. I’m right aren’t I?”
James looked anxiously at Carter who decided to take charge of the situation.
“Ma’am, I apologise for the distress,” he took hold of her arm and steered her towards the door, but she broke away. 
“Please I need to know. Is he alright? It was so sudden; we didn’t even know he had a heart problem.”
“I don’t know what you’re talking about, please stop.” James begged. He looked away, aware of his skin, clammy and pale.
“Please!” she persisted as Carter turned her towards the door again.
“No!” James shouted, bringing the few other staff and shoppers who had not already turned their attention to the discussion to a standstill. “I don’t know. It’s not how it works, just leave me alone!” In the quiet aftermath of his shouting the woman finally relented and followed Carter to the door. 
James tried to leave the confines of the register, desperate to escape the prying eyes raking over him. His jumper caught on a hook stuck to the side of the counter. With fumbling hands he pulled at the clothing now tightly held by the hook. When it failed to give way, he wrenched at it, the material ripping, but still not freeing him. His heart thumped in his chest, his face felt like it was burning. Finally, desperate, he wriggled out of the jumper altogether, leaving it stuck to the side of the counter and storming off in his cheap blue shirt to the staff room. He was vaguely aware of Ronnie rushing up behind him. 
Ronnie was almost friend material, though they had only just met. Even though he was usually a welcome sight for James, right now, James was ready to tear his hair out. Not only did it seem he could see the dead who hung out wherever their last few moments in life had held them, it seemed that he was able to perceive those who clung to the lives of the living like a bad smell. Another level of hell he was discovering. James held his head in his hands even when he heard Ronnie burst through the door into the bright white light of the staff room.
“What the hell happened back there?” Ronnie gushed, taking a seat next to James.
“I don’t want to talk about it.” James muttered, leaning back again and slumping the back of his skull against the wall. 
Carter joined them, striding through the half open door and crossing his arms like an angry parent as he looked down with pursed lips at James. “Would you like to explain what happened there?” he asked demanding.
James didn’t know what to say. “She thought I said something, but I didn’t mean anything… she misheard.” 
Carter looked him over with a tension about him James knew all too well. “That’s not how she explains it, James”. James didn’t do anything. He just waited. “She says you said you saw her dead husband.”
“I didn’t say that.” James said weakly. 
“I can’t have the customers freaking out.” Carter placed his arms decisively by his side. “James, I’ll pay you out the week, but you’re finishing up now. Take anything you have in your locker and please know that I will give you a reference if you need it.”
Ronnie stood up outraged. “It’s not James’ fault she thought her dead husband was following her around. You can’t fire him over this. It isn’t even his fault. She made the scene.”
“He’s in probation. I can do what I want if I’m not happy with his performance.” Carter nodded curtly and left.
“Leave it.” James said to Ronnie as Ronnie stood gobsmacked staring at the spot where Carter had stood.
“No. That’s not right.” Ronnie objected again. James replied by banging his temporary name badge on the counter as he stood readying to leave.
“It’s nothing. Don’t worry about it.” 
Ronnie caught James by the shoulder. “You should fight this. He has no right…”
“I don’t give a shit.” James snapped, he couldn’t help it. Just when things had been looking up, this freak show came to his doorstep. “I don’t care about this stupid second rate job, or your pity.” James removed Ronnie’s hand in a quick movement. “So just go back to your normal life, and leave me alone.”
James marched out practically hearing the blood boil in Ronnie’s veins. James heard him call out as he breathed deep to get past the electronics department and head past the not so discreetly averted gazes of his co-workers towards the door. “Maybe if that’s the way you treat people who are trying to be your friend you deserve to be alone.”
James thought Ronnie was probably right. He didn’t deserve anyone around him. He had tried the friendship thing before and it had failed dismally, and was usually accompanied by the look of fear he had seen on Carter’s face when people realised there was something a little extra to him. He strolled home looking at his feet meeting the pavement rather than catch the bus. It gave him time to think about what to do next. Truth was, as much as he had come to terms with having this ‘gift’ or ‘second sight; or whatever other curse-like affliction he had, it was still a difficult cross to bear. Especially alone, and James felt so much more alone right now than he ever had before. No doctors, no orderlies, no patients. No family, no friends he mused further feeling an ache rise in his gut. He hadn’t heard his mother’s call since she burned her mark into his chest. He absent mindedly rubbed the spot under his shirt where the burn scar was. As he did he knocked the medallion he wore which had been freed from under his shirt. He rolled it between his fingers before slipping it under his collar. James was feeling something again he hadn’t felt in a very long time. Hopeless. He tried to deepen his shallow breaths because he didn’t want to go back to where he had been before, when he had tried to kill himself a couple of years back. He’d been horribly unsuccessful of course. Another thing he failed at. James shook off the thought as he arrived back to the boarding house.
He passed a couple of guys having an argument on the steps and pocketed a packet of cigarettes they had left abandoned in the course of their verbal insults.  James wasn’t a big smoker, but there were times he liked to indulge. 
As he sat alone on the end of his bed with his shirt unbuttoned, dragging on someone else’s cigarette, James was thinking hard. Maybe this was just a wakeup call. Things weren’t going to be as easy as pretending to ignore a few random spirits in order to make friends. Maybe being friendly and helpful wasn’t a good thing at all. He resigned to himself that he would have to find a job with less human contact, or at least only superficial contact, maybe something busy. Something where he wouldn’t have time to slip up by being friendly. Something that would help him pay rent - which he needed to be able to sort out ASAP if he didn’t want to be out on the street this time next week. He had spent half of what he had saved on clothes and the other half was invested in the rent in advance for this place, the $100.00 he had in his bank account and what little was in the refrigerator. 
James pulled himself together and got up to walk over to the kitchenette bench. He opened up the newspaper he had picked up that morning from a table outside the café on the corner, and flicked to the help wanted pages. He could start again. And this time he had learned something new – that spirits were not necessarily bound to places. They could also follow people around. One thing James had lacked all this time was mentoring on how things worked in the other realm. No one was exactly approachable on the topic, and he hadn’t been outside and coherent long enough to come across anyone who might be open minded enough to offer answers. James reasoned though, that he couldn’t be the only one. 
James started calling through the advertised jobs in the pages, and crossed them off one by one as they told him the positions were taken; they needed someone with experience, or they needed someone with a license. Another commodity James didn’t have in his repertoire. He managed to secure one interview for the morning, and he gratefully went to sleep, watching the boy who had lived there gaze furtively out of the window and into the darkness of the city lights. 
The next morning James rose, ready to try again. He relieved the cigarette packet of the last of its contents then showered, and prepped for the interview. 
James stood outside the offending building nearing nausea. The bright sign of the chain restaurant seemed to glare down at him. He was trying to avoid people and conversations and the only place that would take him for an interview was a place that prided itself on above and beyond customer service. He took a sip of the drink can he carried with him then sucked in a breath and released it, rolling his eyes. A passing smoker caught his eye and he bummed another cigarette. His last, he promised himself. 
He chewed violently on some gum after ditching the cigarette butt, and spat it into the empty drink can which he promptly dropped into the nearby bin. James rolled his shoulders and headed in to the interview. 
The middle aged, thin manager sported a moustache and a fairly unconvincing and well-practiced smile. James smiled broadly and told him everything he thought the manager wanted to hear. He was a motivated self starter, just left school and wanting to make it in his first job. Maybe even work towards being manager one day, but for the moment, even something in stock or cooking was something he was willing to take to prove himself. The manager smiled and James felt some of the tension release. James didn’t know much about interviews but he thought it went well. They shook hands and James left feeling positive, and waiting to hear back in 2-3 days about the position. 
Outside, James rounded the corner towards the back dock and paused, releasing his tie from the choke hold at this neck. He heard voices, and thought nothing of it until he recognised the manager’s low drawl. He was speaking with a worker.
“Yeah, no problems, I just finished the last of the interviews so I’ll give her a call and let her know she’s got the job.” James’ heart sank. 
“Thanks boss. My parents’ll be happy. They’ve been on her back to get a job since she dropped out of that hairdressers course. ‘No purpose’ they keep saying.”
“No problem, I just had to finish the interviews before I could make it official. You know how it goes.”
Anger pulsed through James and without giving it another thought he knocked the steel door out of the way and barged into the small loading area. “Why interview me?” he demanded of the manager walking up to face him nose to nose. “Why bother?”
The manager was speechless for a moment before his mouth made a grim line. “Don’t take it personally…” he started, but James punched the garbage skip next to him and left as quickly as he arrived. Stomping through the carpark, a man in a red jacket and a casual attitude stood out to James, his nice clothing seeming to be a far cry from the cheap restaurant and the rusty car he leaned against. He held out a cigarette for James who was too furious to question why the man in the red jacket was bothered with his situation at all. He took a deep drag from the cigarette and paced energetically for a moment before the man spoke. 
 “Don’t worry kid. I got it.” he said smoothly.
For the first time since clapping eyes on the man, James wondered why he had been so generous out of the blue. “What do you mean?” James queried.
“Sonofabitch won’t be making it home tonight.” The man said as if that clarified everything. 
The breath arrested in James’ chest. “What?” 
Sensing the tension, the man gave a look of mild concern before he made a soothing motion with his hands. “It won’t be on your soul friend. No need to lose sleep. I was here to collect anyway.” The man grinned again and James cocked his head to the side trying to ascertain what fresh hell this was. The man was real, he had handed him a cigarette! Oblivious to the internal strain James was experiencing, the man continued to grin but raised a finger and began tapping in time with his words. “Aneurism in five, four, three, two, one….”
The man nodded towards the window of the store, and James followed his gaze. Sure enough, the manager suddenly dropped to the floor. 
His mouth aghast in horror, James looked back at the man who stood next to him only to see a second face shimmering underneath, teeth pointed and bared, eyes black and distorted. James took a step back in panic as the man’s face returned to its former image.
“What? Never seen someone die before?” James thought briefly of his mother’s smiling face as the last strike hit her to the back of her head. The man – and James sincerely doubted that was what it was – looked genuinely baffled at James’ concern. He narrowed his eyes and straightened up. “I’m never wrong about these things. You are one of us aren’t you? At least in part.”
“I’m not like you!” James barely choked out. 
“Hmm. Like I said. I’m never wrong.” The man smiled and it chilled James. “Be seeing you round kid.” The man made a clicking sound and pointed his finger towards James before he wisped away into thin air.
Stunned, James ran away, and all the way back to the boarding house. Outside he saw something that chilled him further. The husband of the woman at the office supply shop. He stood quietly, patiently at the front door, and when he looked up at James, who was not 100 metres away, James froze where he stood. Standing there, James fought with his instinct to run. Why was he there, what did he want. If they came to him, he wouldn’t be able to take it anymore. Just then, he felt a hand on his shoulder, and jerked in response. 
The woman felt his surprise and started trying to sooth him. “I’m sorry, so sorry, it’s just me. Just me – from the shop. I’m Eleanor.”
James stared in horror at her, then looked for her husband who had effortlessly disappeared. What could she want from him?
“I came back to talk to you but your friend Ronnie said you got fired. I’m so sorry. He told me where I could find you.” She paused hesitantly. “I hope that’s alright.”
“I can’t help you.” James replied. 
“You already did, but I’m here because maybe I can help you.” James looked on curious.  “When you said what you did, I saw a psychic.” She shook her head at herself. “It was one of those ridiculous things I never in a million years thought I should do, but after what you said… well… and she helped me talk to him.”
“Look,” James started as politely as he was able, “I have to get back inside.” 
“Wait.” called Eleanor as James began to move away. 
“I can’t do anything for you.” James continued, anger and fear giving way to tiredness. 
“No, you don’t understand. She said I had to find you, so I could take you to her. She says she has information for you.”
“Information about what?” James wondered out loud.
“Everything.”
James was more than entranced by the possibility. After the last couple of days, the despair he felt was overwhelming him. The chance this wasn’t just another painful lesson about the big wide world was the only thing holding him together right now. If someone offered answers, he would follow. Closing his eyes as he nodded, James shivered in the cold night air, but it wasn’t from the weather. There was his unwanted flatmate staring out the window of his room at him and Eleanor. And there was her husband again, standing under the far streetlight as she took him by the arm and pulled him towards the west side of the city.
Chapter 3
Present day – 17 years later.
Elise stared up at the three level house that represented the end. And the beginning. But Elise had always found beginnings harder than endings. Her heart beat as strongly as the midday sunshine that warmed her skin. As she swallowed hard at the thought of embarking on this next big adventure, a hand roughly clasped her shoulder. Elise’s friend, Miranda, bounced up and down excitedly at the prospect of their moving in together. Elise smiled as she turned to face her friend, and hoped Miranda wouldn’t notice it was somewhat forced. She did notice of course.
Miranda stuck out her bottom lip in dramatic fashion as she saw Elise’s thinly veiled attempt to seem upbeat about the move in. “Aw, I know this is tough, but seriously, like I said before, trust me and I’ll get you where you need to be.” Miranda considered a cheeky afterthought for a moment. “After all, you’ve known me forever, and since when did I ever let you down?”
Elise’s head swung back automatically and Miranda smiled inwardly, knowing Elise had so quickly taken the bait. “Let me down – never, led me down the wrong path – many times.” 
Elise sighed openly, her feet feeling glued to the cement footpath that led up to the enormous looking front doors of the recently renovated home. It was amazing, a mixture of 1960’s practicality meshed with modern day decor. As she forced her feet forward she felt it calling to her, beckoning her temptingly to a new life, and it was so very much what she wanted. Even since well before the death, the police, the reporters and the eventual courtroom mega-drama, Elise had wanted out, to get as far away from the pitfalls her old life had. And here it was, salvation, with Miranda leading the way with the first of the many boxes of their belongings headed into their futures.
As Elise bent to pick up the box sitting stoically at her feet she relaxed a little. Now things could be fine, no one telling her what to do, when to do it, no skeletons in the closet, just a chance to pick up where she left off years ago when she had left her hometown and headed for the city. Clutching the box tight, the walk up the tapered path was an easy one, though she paused at the threshold, taking in the occasion. Perhaps she was attributing too much to it all, but this really was a moment meant to be savoured.
“Who’re you?” queried a male voice she neither welcomed nor recognised. Following the direction of the question Elise clapped eyes on a thin, leather clad man with piercings and an anti-tan that was screaming for some vitamin D attention.
“Who are you?” she quipped back, barely concealing the irritation.
“I’m yer flatmate.” he droned, lifting his body from its place leaning against the wall at the bottom of the steps that greeted the front door. Without anything further he marched over, took the box from Elise’s grip and prized it from her, tossing his head to move the hair from his face. “So sweet you are.” He turned to Miranda who was skipping down the stairs having dropped a box off. “I thought you said butter wouldn’t melt?” with that he gave a smug smile, turned on his heel and lightly took the stairs with Elise’s belongings in tow. Just before he disappeared from sight though, he turned back. “Just remind her Miranda, the back room’s off limits.”
“Who’s he?!” Elise exclaimed, a feeling of deep-seated betrayal seeping in.
“That’s Malachi. He owns the house, or looks after it – whatever,” Miranda waved a hand dismissively as though she wasn’t entirely changing the rules of the game. “I told you all about it.” Miranda walked past Elise, headed to the truck to pick up another box.
Elise narrowed her eyes. “Yeah, I think you missed out that bit.”
“I’m sure I told you!” Miranda called out from halfway down the path.
“I think I’d remember that we were house sharing with a perfect stranger.” Elise mumbled to herself. She turned to follow Miranda back to the truck. Once she caught up with her, Miranda paused giving a guilty look that met Elise’s scolding one. “And what’s with the back room?”
“Don’t worry – he’s cool. The room’s full of his study stuff and things from his work. He works part time in a record store while he finishes his degree in history.” She dramatized the last word somewhat hoping it would deflect Elise’s line of thought.
“A record store?” Elise interrupted. “I didn’t even know they existed anymore.”
“His words, not mine” Miranda continued. “Besides, he’s as camp as they come. Worst case scenario he gives you decorating tips.”
Elise scowled, though she knew Miranda was deliberately averting glancing in her direction, unnecessarily focussing her concentration on the box she was lifting. She staggered with the weight, and Elise lunged to help, though not before part of the bottom of the box gave way and bits and pieces fell to the ground. Picking them up Elise raised an amused eyebrow. A pair of fluffy handcuffs, a fake police hat and thigh holster with gun lay on the ground. With mock over care, Elise retrieved them and delicately placed them back on the top of the box.
“The gun shoots schnapps. Very yum – you should try it?” Miranda said not batting an eyelid.
“I think I’ll leave the props to you.” Elise laughed back.
“You may laugh, but I rake in the tips when I pull that trick.” Miranda left with her high ground, and Elise took the next box, happily following up the path again. This is exactly the break I needed, she thought to herself, thank heaven for Miranda, and her peach flavoured Schnapps addiction.
Neither Miranda nor Elise knew, though, that as they jostled past each other to get their belongings settled in the house, there were three sets of eyes watching them.
Elise and Miranda spent the rest of the day unpacking, rearranging closet space and moving furniture until finally, groaning at their sore muscles, they lay sprawled across the couches downstairs. A half eaten pizza made itself a space on the coffee table amongst the duct tape wrappings, empty energy drink cans and piles of books which had yet to find a home on a shelf somewhere. 
Both remained silent, staring at the ceiling as a radio in the distance sounded out. The house itself retained its original structure, including doorways and decorative architraves which Miranda now inspected with quiet interest. Everything else had been upgraded, from the bathrooms to kitchen, to paint, but the ceiling seemed somehow to tell of the house’s origin before the renovation. Not that it was that old.
“Everything hurts!” complained Elise with an over exaggerated tone.
“At least we get to sleep in tomorrow.” Miranda offered by way of appeasement.
“No sleep in for me.” Elise groaned again as she moved to sit and inquisitively looked at the pizza box trying to decide if the lukewarm contents was worth another try. Miranda abandoned her inspection of the ceiling to give Elise a quizzical look. “Work starts tomorrow – 8:00 AM sharp.”
“Ug,” Miranda threw an arm over her eyes. “Eight in the morning!” She drew her body in to a sitting position with great effort so she could face Elise. “What sort of job starts that early anyway?” She asked as she reached in for a slice of the pizza Elise was still looking over as though deciding to take another piece was going to make or break some great situation. She knew though, her difficulty in making this tiny decision was basically due to the fact she hated the idea of the job tomorrow, and everything about this new life was sending her into a tail spin. Elise stopped eyeballing the box and looked up at Miranda, frowning when she saw the expression that greeted her.
“One that pays.” Elise said bluntly.
“Your last job paid – and well.”
“I can’t go back to that life. Not after everything that happened.”
“It was just a situation y’know. I’ve been working for years and never had anything like that happen to me.” Miranda may have been trying to reason with her, but she knew when she said things like that it made Elise wonder what the hell had happened to make her so damned special. Seeing Elise’s saddened face, Miranda tried to pick up her argument. “I just know how good you were. You were one of the best!” That made Elise smile, so Miranda relaxed.
“I need something different… and, something that says I can leave that behind, and do something else if I want. Something that maybe has a career in it.”
“Where’s the job?” Miranda asked innocently. 
Elise paused. “Sunshine’s.” Elise quickly took up the piece of pizza to distract herself from the growing grin spreading across Miranda’s face.
“You’re waitressing? At a café?”
“Yes.” Elise rose her eyes to meet her friend’s, her expression sincere, an eyebrow raised in a challenging expression. “A job with dignity, where I can have some respect!”
“Yeah!” Miranda enthused.
*****
The damn bell kept dinging.
Elise felt a furious hammering in her chest where her heart pounded out a tempo she struggled to keep up with. She had turned up for her ‘orientation’ to the job, to pretty much have her apron handed to her, a notepad thrust in her hand and a pat on the back by Annie ‘The Lady’ who owned the joint. ‘The Lady’ title apparently applied to Annie being deemed ‘quite a lady’ in her day, then ‘lady of the house’ when they opened up the café. Elise had quickly found there was nothing lady-like about Annie though. In fact, holding back the temptation to slap her in the face was half the struggle she had. Annie’s husband had greeted Elise approvingly enough, and it seems that was the death knell.
Bertrand had given Elise a wink as Annie had handed her the apron, to which Annie scowled at him, then her. Since then, it had been all barked commands, pointed comments about incompetence and being ‘slow’ on the skills uptake. And not to forget the scowls. They were frequent and piercing and made Elise want to throw in the towel, or apron, on the spot. Elise reasoned though, if she arrived early there would be nothing more than the I-told-you-so expression from Miranda as she headed to her new job at the Crimson.
Another customer cruised in and as he sat at the far end of the room, Elise slid the plate of eggs and pancakes on to the table she was servicing and whipped past another man who was flagging her down with an angry look on his face, to arrive at the newcomers table. Elise flipped over a page on her already well worn notebook.
“Frappuccino please?....” Elise struggled to jot the order down as Annie rang up the till while sideways glancing at Elise suspiciously. Elise felt sweat on her brow as she heard a ‘please miss’ from a table behind her, and a ‘she must have forgotten the sauce’ harshly whispered from yet another. “First day?” The warm voice distracted her momentarily from her panicked trail of thought. Even though she had just taken his order, she hadn’t yet looked at him. She looked up from her notepad and saw him smiling sympathetically. He looked about thirty, maybe a touch younger, had sparkling blue eyes and shaggy brown hair that mussed about his face in just the right way. His face soothed her somehow, as did the relaxed, casual way he eased his wide frame into the chair.
“How’d you guess?” she toyed as she found herself smiling back.
“I’m Owen.” the man introduced himself as Elise tucked a strand of sweat-heavy hair behind her ear.
Another ding sounded out from the counter. Turning behind her, she wondered why she ever thought working in this hot sweaty environment was ever something that might be easy. Plus, she didn’t want to see another pancake or coffee again for forever. Or at least a week. Now she was thinking about it, a coffee might be just the thing to get her back on track. She turned her attention back to the customer, and took in the man’s pleasant face as an anchor in the swell of the storm that was her first day in hospitality.
Knowing she had to leave the peace and quiet the table now represented, Elise nodded politely and disappeared through the tables that Annie had started wiping down as more customers seemed to pour through the doors. She dropped the order off to Bertrand, who now avoided eye contact at all costs.
Moments later, Elise had delivered at least another 20 plates, topped up another 10 cups and had avoided tripping over feet, bags and kids for what seemed a millionth time. The ding sounded out and Elise happily took the coffee over to Owen’s table.
As she set down the mug, Annie sidled over from the table next to her.
“Isn’t that a Mochaccino, Elise? I’m certain this gentleman ordered a Frappuccino.” Annie’s voice was simultaneously scolding and unforgiving. Elise froze trying to replay the order in her head. 
“Oh crap!” she exclaimed involuntarily when she realised the scrawl she had made on the order note was indeed not a Frappuccino.
“No swearing in front of the customers!” Annie ‘The Lady’s” face went purple.
Elise gulped just as the saving grace came. “No, no, I ordered the Mochaccino.”
Owen looked up at the two women, who both wore equally confused expressions for very different reasons, with a nonchalant demeanour that betrayed none of the error Elise had made. Annie nonetheless raised an accusing eyebrow. Elise heaved a silent sigh of relief. 
As if waiting him out, Annie continued to scrutinise Owen, who obliged by raising the mug and taking a sip. When he swallowed Annie gave an audible huff before storming away. As yet another ding sounded out, Elise mouthed ‘thank you’ to Owen before she rushed away. He winked in response and Elise finally thought nice things about her day and the possibility that humanity might not cave in on itself after all.
After the first painful shift, Elise unwrapped the apron from her waist, certain she would quickly say her ‘thanks, but no thanks’ but before she even opened her mouth Annie handed her an envelope with a few bundle notes. Annie pursed her lips into a forced smile, and Elise nodded in understanding as she took the money, and headed out the door. As she did, she grabbed a ‘help wanted’ ad off the noticeboard. 
Trudging home, Elise put her hand up to Miranda’s face as she walked in the door and her friend knew not to question.
While Elise’s first job had been far from what she had hoped or expected, she still held on to optimism as she lined up the next one, a delivery role.
As Elise prepped for her courier role, Miranda slept, recovering from her night working at the Crimson. Initially, Miranda had been lined up to work at a place called the Devil’s Pit – a name Elise made sure to poke as much fun at as possible – but after the first night Miranda had been handpicked to work at The Crimson, a more upmarket place closer to home. Being a sure bet for any opportunity, Miranda had jumped at the opportunity, and now had an all-new act lined up. Elise knew because she had spent her day in between jobs putting it together.
Miranda slipped batteries into the clock in the kitchen, emptying the 10-pack as she listened to Elise’s frustrations about the less than pleasant clients she had had in her first full week of work. Then Miranda was out the door and off to The Crimson, blowing kisses behind her, and although Elise happily waved Miranda off as she pranced out of the front door in a coat that barely obscured her thigh high stocking and red frilled skirt, Elise felt a sense of loss. She had always worked the same kind of hours as her friend, they had always been so close, and right now Elise felt a palpable distance being created between them. As Miranda left, Elise stroked her neck and gazed out the door after her friend.
“Why’d you give it up?” Malachi pried as he watched Elise with unconcealed interest.
Spinning around, Elise felt caught off axis. “What do you mean?” Defensiveness more than tainted her tone.
“Stripping. Didn’t you used to do it too?” After an awkward pause he continued. “I just thought from what Miranda said – you worked together, you helped her with her routine…. I just assumed.”
Elise shrugged. “You know what they say about assuming….” She pointed out, closing the door and sidling past him into the kitchen.
“Ouch.” Malachi clutched his heart in mocking as he followed her. “Y’know”, he carried on as Elise helped herself to a drink of water and leaned against the counter, “I have a friend of a friend that needs an office admin assistant to start asap.”
Elise was becoming more accustomed to Malachi’s ever present shadow that seemed to follow her and Miranda insistently with solutions, advice and opinions. She had been wondering if he worked at all until he disappeared on the Thursday morning and failed to re-appear until well after dinner. And now, here he was again offering helpful tips that made Elise both want to hug him for being such a nice person, as well as roll her eyes at his unwanted determinism. Instead she did neither. Elise straightened her collar with grandiosity and joked instead. “And give up this new glamorous life in the line of couriering?”
Malachi quickly smiled at her as she unbuttoned the top of her shirt instead and sat herself down to enjoy the welcoming glass of water she clasped tight. Turned out her attempt to flee customer service had landed her in a role she hated almost as much. Ridiculous deadlines, angry people always complaining about her being late or early, no parking, broken elevators. The ‘glamorous’ role of delivery driver/courier was doing her head in, but still she wanted to stick with it. It had been just on a week since she started and her paycheque was finally sitting in front of her. Another six months, Elise thought, and she would look for something else. Until then, she wanted no more change.
“Well if it’s glamour you’re wanting,” Malachi said grinning as he moved behind the kitchen bench, rustling the pots and pans to retrieve a heavy based frying pan, “Wait ‘till you try my Angioletti. It’s to die for!” Elise bit her lip, her stomach desperately seeking food and fighting with her will to go to bed and drop into an exhausted sleep. “I won’t take no for an answer.” Malachi called from inside the refrigerator. 
“I can’t refuse then.” Elise quipped and settled into the seat. As she did, her paycheque rustled and she pulled it out. Elise unsealed the envelope, while Malachi uncorked a bottle of white and poured a glass. She shook her head as he offered her a glass and eagerly freed the cheque unfolding it with the anticipation of rejoicing in a hard earned pay. Then she saw the figure. Her stomach lurched. Seeing her stunned expression, Malachi left the ingredients on the counter and darted over with his glass sloshing at the sides. He peered at the piece of paper as silently as Elise still did.
“Hmm.” He offered reaching over towards Elise and placing the glass within her grasp, before returning over to the bench.
“What are all the minuses for?” she queried hopelessly, dropping her head into her free hand.
“You got screwed.” Malachi said as he chopped chives on the board.
“What’s a compulsory union contribution?” Elise looked up this time. Malachi shrugged and she dropped the cheque to the table.
Without further question, and without ceasing his chopping, Malachi did the only other thing he could other than make her dinner. “Want me to call my friend in the morning?”
“Yes please.” Elise muttered, wondering if there might be a job at the Devil’s Pit that she wanted after all. Right now working in a place that sounded like a bad biker joke might be a better option that going the traditional, down the line choices she was beginning to think came straight out of the pit of some kind of hell.
Just like that, Elise let Malachi in to her life – or a layer anyhow. He helped her shop for the new role of Administration Assistant, spent time on the laptop showing her spreadsheets, and they tried to outdo each other with dinners when Miranda left for her shifts. Still, she didn’t confide in him completely, that would have meant making herself vulnerable again, and she couldn’t have that. It turned out he wasn’t entirely the strange emo-type she had initially suspected, though on the weekends he did have a penchant to goth up, go out and come back with random guys he met, but loud as they could be, leaving Miranda and Elise giggling away downstairs, all credit to him, he always got them out early and quietly the next day. 
Things were not, she reasoned, entirely awful. She was living with her best friend she had known since high school, managed to find a new friend in her other housemate, and got to live in this gorgeous two storey house, with broad windows and a view from her room. The only thing left to conquer, really, was her career, or lack of it. It seemed to Elise like one endless parade of bad jobs, when with great optimism Elise started the new job, it too found her wondering if going back to stripping was a more realistic option. Like the other jobs, the problems started on the first day.
 Elise’s boss was fine enough; tall, distant, demanding, but fair all-in-all. But it was his friend, Stan, she couldn’t bear. At lunch he had made a point to introduce himself as he leaned casually against the water cooler, unaware that his shirt was caught in the zipper of his pants, right at eye level for Elise. He introduced himself as Stan ‘The Man’. Elise nearly let her jaw drop. Oh oh. Was her first thought. Like Annie ‘The Lady’. She hoped not, but unfortunately, she wasn’t far off base. After being unable to help catching sight of the small scrap of blue material poking from the uppermost of his pant zipper, he had leant in, smarmy and arrogant. “See something you like?” He enthused.
Elise gave a mortified look and explained it was his shirt caught in his zipper that she wanted to warn him about, to which he asked if she might like to fix it. In her old job with Miranda, she always had someone step in for her with these types. The ones who took liberties that were not given or paid for. Elise sat caught in the moment before shutting her mouth and walking away. She told Miranda that night, and of course Miranda dutifully offered to go in and give him what for, but Elise was now desperate to make it work, and drifting between jobs wasn’t helping her feel stable. She was determined to stick this one out. 
Stan hovered, close at first, then closer, and then he began blocking exits to the photocopy room, the lunch room, the lift. It was becoming insidious. The jovial chats and winks he shot her as he spoke with her boss made her nervous too. She was certain he was saying something other than what he should because very quickly there were snickers as she walked past colleagues; diverted eyes and blushes from a few. The kicker was when one of the seniors found herself dunking her herbal tea bag in hot water when Elise came in to find her lunch.
The woman eyeballed her, but in a different way. She was good looking in her own right, though covered herself extensively with long sleeves, high collars, her hair pinned back spinster-like and wore glasses with thicker frames than flattered her. Elise and she had never even spoken, just passed each other, nodding politely as they came into the other’s space. Elise suddenly realised that she looked a whole lot younger than Elise had first guessed. Elise waited for the microwave to do its job as the woman dropped her used tea bag in the bin and turned to leave, but stopped in her tracks. With seeming difficulty, she turned back and placed a hand on one of Elise’s that rested on the bench.
With a knowing look she leaned in, causing Elise to rear back slightly. “It’s OK.” The woman said kindly. “I know what it’s like. I know it isn’t true. He did the same thing to me. He’s a bastard, he knows it too. Stan ‘The not quite a man’ that’s what I think. Two bit piece of shit!” Elise’s eyes widened, the woman patted her hand and headed back the way she came, and out the lunch room door.
The microwave beeped as Elise felt her blood boil. Leaving her lunch behind, she marched out to confront Stan.
There he was eying over the receptionist. He was asking her to move stacks of files from the floor to the bench. Files Elise had only just left on his desk less than twenty minutes ago at the request of her boss. She didn’t mince words.
“I need to speak with you now!” she commanded, striding into his room. He followed dutifully behind wearing a smirk for the show of the few who popped their heads above the cubicle to see what the commotion was.
He closed the door behind them. She walked back and opened it.
“What’s up honey?”
“Honey!” Elise shook her head trying not to lose her temper. “Listen, Stan. You’re going to stop whatever it is you’re telling people. You’re going to tell them it isn’t true, and I’m not going to put in a grievance.” A couple of curious faces, barely discreetly, peered around the corner and into the open door. He tried to close the door again, but she stopped him mid swing.
“Don’t know why you’re so fired up sweetheart.”
“Sweetheart?! Stop it! Stop doing that – it’s wrong, and I might lose my job. I need this job.”
“How much?” He drawled. She couldn’t believe it. She saw red.
Pointing out a finger she jabbed him in the chest. “Back up, or I swear…”
“What? You swear what, sweet heart.” he advanced as he strung out the word like a display of cockamamie power. Just before he grabbed her ass. She pushed him away.
“You son of a bitch! Touch me again like that and I will deck you.”
“Getting physical, I’ve been waiting for that.” and he reached out to grab her again.
The training her bodyguard gave her two and a half years ago kicked in. Elise clocked him with a right hook, feeling the drool from the side of his mouth on her knuckles as his face swung to the side, right before he plummeted to the ground. Staring in disbelief for a moment, Elise straightened her skirt while she waited for him to get up, but he didn’t. She had knocked him out.
Of course, she didn’t care this was the end of this newfound job, he had had it coming. She did care he might press charges, but masking all emotion, Elise walked out of that office, fighting the urge to run and kept walking past the open mouths, the dumbfounded grins and even the mail guy who had his iPhone out. She walked past her desk, picked up her bag, and walked right on out the door, dialling Miranda’s number in the lift on the way out of the building.   
Chapter 4
A short while later, Elise and Miranda lay on Elise’s bed staring at the ceiling, a glass of red wine resting on Miranda’s chest which rose and fell as she listened intently to Elise’s voice as it still trembled with outrage and anger.  
“I just don’t get it. People think stripping and working bars is where you get abused, felt up and disrespected. Try waiting at Sunshine’s, or working for a wannabe middle management moron like Stan!”  
“So come work at The Crimson. I can totally get you in this weekend. Just start you off with waiting the tables, then when you’re ready…” Elise turned and gave her a warning look, “Or not, there’s no pressure is what I’m saying.” Miranda looked up at the wall clock and rose on to her elbows. “Hey, has that clock stopped again? That’s like the third time I’m gonna change the batteries. The one in the kitchen’s been doing that too. Must be the clocks, or maybe they’re just crappy batteries.” She looked over at Elise expectantly. “So, what do you say?”
There was a pregnant pause as Elise tried to decide what to do, but it was interrupted by Malachi rushing in through the door giving her a reason not to have to answer straight away at least. “Hey want to see something cool?” The two abandoned the bottle of wine on Elise’s mirrored dressing table and with enthusiastic grins, pretended to race each other out the door.
Malachi sat on the lounge room couch facing a laptop he nearly always left on the coffee table. With pride, he hit a play button on the You Tube video he downloaded and turned the screen around so Elise and Miranda could see. The footage was of Elise, knocking out Stan. Elise pressed a hand to her head, Miranda squealed in delight. “K-pow.” Malachi indicated with vigour to punctuate the point of contact which had been repeated multiple times.
In the background Elise’s phone vibrated purposefully. Miranda looked at it briefly noting the 8 missed calls as she finished her drink. “Not answering?” she asked Elise.
“Hell no.” she responded. “Not until the police show up at the door.”
“No way,” Malachi proclaimed. “No way will he press any kind of charges.” He nearly danced around the room he was so excited. “K-pow” he said again and Elise took a seat, next to where Miranda draped herself over the back of the couch. “So cool!” he finished. Elise couldn’t help it, she laughed, causing Miranda to smile.
"That's not cool, this is cool!" Miranda countered, and reached over her friend to type into the search engine. Another video came up. One Elise recognised.
"Oh brother." Elise said as a video of she and Miranda came up. Elise hit the stop button as the two of them dressed in feathers and gloves shimmied across the screen.
“You’re gorgeous, my gorgeous girl,” Miranda slurred, nearly placing Elise in a headlock as she hugged her around the neck. She slipped over the couch and righted herself next to Elise, still holding her empty glass.
"You're drunk?" Malachi half-queried half-stated of Miranda.
"Am not." Miranda unconvincingly mumbled back.
"Is she drunk?" Malachi turned in disbelief and amusement to Elise, who knew better than to take anyone's side but Miranda's. 
Elise nodded violently while she said "Noo." Malachi grinned in response. "Miranda never gets drunk."
“I never get drunk, drunk.” corrected Miranda.
Malachi brought out another bottle from beside the couch. And refilled Miranda’s glass. Elise ducked into the kitchen and came back with two more and he obliged by filling them.
"I don't, you know. Get drunk.” Miranda continued as Malachi and Elise shot each other glances of amusement. “Drunk is a derogatory term. Besides, if everyone else is smashed with you, it's just status quo." Miranda clinked her glass with Elise’s. They both drank and leaned back in synchrony.
“So,” Malachi asked tentatively, “Are you drunk enough for me to tell you why the place is such a bargain?”
“This house?” clarified Elise. “We’re sharing rent.”
Malachi chuckled. “Even then, rent isn’t that cheap in this neck of the woods.”
Miranda. “Go on then. What’s the big secret. Did someone die here?” She laughed but Malachi didn’t answer. “No shit!” She looked as though she sobered up. “Someone died here?” she said with palpable disgust. 
“More than one person actually. Never mind, I didn’t want to freak you out.” Malachi sipped his drink and lightened his tone. “So I was thinking about getting a bigger, flatter TV, but wasn’t sure if you wanted to go in…”
Miranda and Elise both looked at each other. “No you don’t.” Elise said speaking both their minds.
“You want to know?” he asked.
“Well we have to know now!” Elise said incredulous that he thought he could change the topic of conversation.
“I just don’t want a mass exodus.”
Miranda shook a finger at him. “Yeah, I promise nothing Mal, but give it over, whatever the bull shit story is.”
“OK.” Malachi said leaning forward for effect. “There once was a house that sat in a quiet community, with a large surrounding yard and a white picket fence out the front. When the two story home was built, the neighborhood was chosen for its relaxed atmosphere, for the nearby school, and with hopes of growing a family who could spend lazy Sunday mornings in the sunshine that would cast it's glow from the west in to the backyard. That was then, and it was this house. But something terrible happened.”
“When I was first brought in to see it, the house still stood set back from the front gate, overgrown lawn nearly obscuring the path to the front door, it's fence grayed, aged with time and paint peeling. What had once been flourishing roses encouraged to grow along the fence line, were now angry, thorny and rope like twists of trunk and branches that obscured the direct view of the house from the footpath that still faithfully led to it out the front.”
“Yeah, now I know it is crap. Nice story but too much florid storytelling.” Elise took another sip, Miranda took another swig. Malachi continued unperturbed.  
“Inside, the house had held up; weighed down by dust, the furniture still sitting where it had been left from the dishes drying in the rack to the TV next to the couch. It had been this way, practically untouched, since the last known owner had been dragged out.” Malachi took a dramatic pause, but not for long.
“Even the local kids who dared each other to creep into it weren't brave enough to steal anything. The house, you see, had developed a reputation of disrepute.”
“Disrepute.” Miranda mirrored in a mocking tone. 
Malachi continued again. “The happy couple who had it built had moved in with a little boy, and the wife had been pregnant with their first child. The boy had been given up by his mother; the sister of the man who hand-built the fence, the decking out the back, and who loved the boy. But the boy, little older than nine, stewed with hatred, even then. Feeling abandoned, never quite belonging, and now on the verge of being replaced by the new baby, this was not a happy move for him.”
The two women waited silently for the rest of the story. 
“The baby was born, pink and beautiful, but then suddenly got sick and after a few months of not knowing what was causing her the illness, the baby died. Distraught, the wife spent her long days in a state of depression, drinking most of the time, crying just as much. She did this because she had lost her baby girl, but also because she was understanding the reasons why the boy had been given up, and she was scared.”
“It wasn't any one thing about him. At first she thought if she loved him, supported him, that he would get better. Being given away was not something that was easy to bear after all, especially when it was essentially because his mother had become psychotic, claiming to see things, hear things and accusing him of being touched by the devil. As time went by though, everything was going wrong for them, and when her angel had died, she could have sworn the boy smiled in the shadows at her as she screamed in grief on the landing; as the doctor, who was their neighbor and friend at the time, gave her a sedative.”
Miranda’s eyes were wide and absorbing, Elise listened in amusement, knowing it wasn’t anything she could even begin to believe in. She was a pure atheist, once dead, always dead.
“From that point, she had known that somehow he had done this. One particularly difficult afternoon for her, she had ransacked his room looking for some kind of evidence of her suspicion. Her husband, after all, had dismissed her concerns as a product of grief. She had found nothing at first except a key, but to what door, where, she didn't know. She held on to the key, knowing it was important, and the boy was most displeased. The day she took it they stared at each other across the dinner table each knowing, but saying nothing.”
“It took another six months to find out what it was for though. Six months, during which she barely held on; the nightmares growing worse, she began coughing blood though there seemed nothing medically wrong with her, and though she ate voraciously, she only seemed to lose weight. She was at one of those mandatory car boot sales at the school when she spied it. As she walked from the bathrooms towards the car park, she saw a door, unkempt and abandoned in the far corner of the yard. Taking the key, which she now wore around her neck every moment of every day, she opened the door.”
“Oooh what was behind the door Mal.” Elise joined in.
“Inside she had found a collection of dead animals, parts dried or preserved, some hanging in the air, some nailed to the walls. Amongst it all was a strange symbol on the table smeared in what could have been very old blood, and near that, a box. Opening the box, she found a lock of hair wrapped around one of her rings. She held the lock up to her head and it matched. Then, she saw the small bootie her mother had knitted for her baby. Fuelled by rage she marched into the school yard and dragged the boy yelling and crying from the school, screaming at him all the way past the shocked parents, students and visitors.”
“Once home, there was a fight between the woman and the boy. She tried to strangle him, but the husband, who had rushed home after being called by a friend, intervened. Pulling her off the boy, she stumbled back and ran to the kitchen pulling a knife, and as she ran towards the boy once more, intending to kill him, the husband blocked her, she fell sideways and accidentally slashed her own throat. As she lay bleeding, she thought she saw the boy smile once more.”
Miranda and Elise looked at one another rolling their eyes.
“A number of years later, the man had lost his will, then his job, and then his mind. All the while the boy growing into a young man. Eventually, one dark night when the young man had been practicing his dark magic, he decided he needed to make a final gesture, so he crept up behind his would-be father and whispered in the man’s ear the truth about the baby, about the man's wife, and then stabbed him in the heart as he sat staring in horror at the television in the dark. Only the flickering light of the television illuminated the scene as the body was dragged away.”
“See – how would anyone know that?” Elise protested.
“Less than a year later, the young man had been arrested for stalking and killing another boy in the area. That was when the police had arrived and found his now sizeable collection of dead things, magic paraphernalia, and the preserved body of his father. Since then, rumours abounded about the place being haunted, some swore they heard noises and saw lights in the middle of the night, and neighbors to the house never seemed to last more than eighteen months before they moved on. What had raised eyebrows in the community had been the 'For Sale' that had appeared overnight, but what had truly stunned them was the 'Sold' sticker that had been slapped across it. That was when I was brought in to renovate.”
“’Cause you look like you love home DIY jobs.” Miranda taunted.
“Hey – don’t judge a book. I really did renovate this place. I had to get contractors and shit, but I made this place what you see today.”
“You see any spooks?” Miranda jested.
“There’s lots of different types of ghosts that can follow a place…. or a person.”
“I can understand that, ” Elise said staring into her glass. “ But I don’t believe in ghosts as in the ‘boo’ variety.”
Malachi smiled. “Then you have nothing to worry about?” He turned to Miranda. “You though, they’re coming for you big time! Besides, they say he’s still here.”
“Don’t joke about that. Not funny. It’s all bullshit anyhow.” She paused before speaking again, a twinge of uncertainly detectable. "So was he tried and executed I suppose?!" Miranda asked with an inebriated excitability, widening her eyes for effect. Malachi leaned over closer to her, but shot Elise a glance to ensure she was still engaged in the story.
"Actually he escaped justice on a technicality and left the town, but the father of one of his victims found him and beat him to death at a local rest stop." Malachi paused on the point, leaned forward once more and lowering his voice, but misread Elise’s steeled expression for the rapt attention, and Miranda’s sudden spring to attention. "They still say that his spirit stalks this place, waiting to complete his collection."
Without warning Elise stood sharply. "I have to get off to bed. Goodnight."
Malachi screwed up his brow as his eyes followed Elise’s swift exit out the door before he turned back to Miranda, an enquiring look on his face.
"’Lise!” Miranda called.
“Don’t worry, just need some sleep.” With that, Elise swept out and Miranda turned back to Malachi.
“Good story." applauded Miranda as she drained the glass and drunkenly, over-enthusiastically clunked the empty glass on the table.
"I thought so, but apparently Elise’s not liking it."
"Elise’s just.... it hit a nerve that’s all."
"So what did I say to freak her out?"
"Nothing..."
Malachi's eyes narrowed. "Miranda!"
“I promised not to say anything. She wants a fresh start.”
“You don't ever get a fresh start if you're still running." he poured the rest of the bottle into her glass before reclining back into the couch.
“That's what I keep saying to her!" Miranda swigged back her drink and a drop dribbled from the corner of her mouth. She hadn’t even noticed until it fell on to her chest. "Damn, I can never hold my red wine. Spirits I can drink any guy under the table, but red wine..."
"Hmm," Malachi barely registered. "So, what happened to Elise?"
Miranda cocked her head to the side and frowned. 
"I won't tell, I promise." Malachi said his hands in a surrender gesture above his shoulders. 
"You can't breathe a word."
"Swear."
Chapter 5
When Elise left Miranda and Malachi downstairs she had been so on edge she had had to hold herself back from running up the stairs. She had left so abruptly she had even brought her empty glass with her. She put it down next to the half drunk bottle of wine Miranda had left on her mirrored dressing table. 
Elise hunched over on her arms as she looked herself over in the mirror. Taking several deep breaths she sighed finally and straightened up, deciding on a relaxing bath before bed to calm her down. Though she realized she probably shouldn't leave Miranda downstairs in her pliable state, she knew that their new flatmate would know all about Elise’s sordid past one way or another, sooner or later, so if it happened now, so be it. Violently taking the hair clip holding her blond tresses up, she banged it down on the table and headed to the bathroom. Before she made it to the door though, she doubled back to seize the rest of the bottle of wine and her soon to be full again glass. 
Returning back to the doorway, Elise took her dressing gown from the back of the door before she tip toed the few paces to the bathroom.  After turning on the faucet Elise threw her dressing gown on the chair, then filled her glass before looking about the cream tiled bathroom. A wide mirror hung above the basin, large shiny tiles adorned all the walls and aside from the red chair in the corner and the green towels hanging on the rack, the room looked washed out. She began rummaging through drawers in the cabinet and found what she was hoping for - candles. Rummaging deeper, she found matches, and set up the candles around the room to create a warm glow. 
Setting her glass on the side of the tub, Elise dropped her clothes to the floor, and breathed the steam in deep as she turned off the faucets. Slowly she slipped her right foot into the silken water, parting the small froth of bubbles, the last of the bottle of bath gel had formed. She could have groaned at the relief it brought her tired muscles. Sinking her body in to the water, she submerged herself to below the neck, letting the warm liquid absorb her tension. Elise craned her neck to take a sip from her glass before sinking down further and closing her eyes.
The steam rose, fogging the mirror. She relaxed even more, finally feeling totally still for the first time in months.
In the corner of the room, Elise’s dressing gown spilled from the chair to the floor. She breathed in the lavender scented bath gel that left a sheen of moisturizing oil across her skin as she shifted to let the water sooth every inch of her upper arms. It felt as if time was suspended for her. So relaxed was she, she didn't notice the first ripple on the water. Barely visible, the first ripple was quickly followed by another, behind her neck in the crevice between her skin and the porcelain. The third ripple tickled her neck and she drew an arm out to rub the hairs on her nape. As her arm was busy at her neck, the water churned in the space left at her side, a blackened, withered hand rose from the water and traced her figure, never touching her, but clearly yearning to. 
Elise lowered her arm back, enjoying the water reabsorbing her flesh. Between her legs the water stirred again, a gnarled hand running the length of her leg from her ankle to her thighs as a second hand hovered above her hip. Elise lay, content in the waters and utterly unaware of the hands and arms tracing her body; growing bolder in their eerie, never-touching embrace. Elise scratched her hip, aware of it being irritated as the hands rose above the water, straining to hold back from touching her. Blacked knees disturbed the water’s edge on either side of her legs which now floated, locked at the knees as she stretched her feet against the edge of the bath. Bracing her legs and boosting her body up in a stretch against the edges of the bath, a head began emerging to Elise’s right ear. 
Just as she eased back into the water, Elise thought she felt something in the water. Startling, Elise bolted upright, but there was nothing there. Staying in the water Elise clutched her knees for a moment before she began to lie back down again. Settling back in, a cool breeze whisked through the room, disturbing strands of her hair. Suddenly uncomfortable, Elise shivered and sat up again, reaching for her towel. 
Quickly wrapping herself, she stepped from the bath, donned her robe and grabbed her glass as the tub drained. Switching off the light, Elise missed the hand print that squealed against the mirrored glass as she closed the door behind her.
The next morning, Miranda was still recovering on the couch and Malachi was nowhere to be seen when Elise slipped down the stairs in search of coffee. “Holy crap this house is cold!” Elise muttered to herself as she hopped from one bare foot to the other on the kitchen tiles. Searching the cupboards, Elise frowned and turned on the small television that sat on the bench before she took a good look over the room. With noted disgust she observed the unkempt kitchen. Turning up her nose, Elise decided to clean up, mainly because she doubted Malachi or Miranda were going to be rushing to beat her to the chase. Picking up a half-eaten bowl of food from last night, Elise then went to scrape it into the bin only to find the coffee packet she had been searching for now lay empty on top of the bin and Elise let out a frustrated sigh. Elise continued emptying the bowl and turned to start pulling apart the rest of the mess, but her attempt to start the clean-up was interrupted by a knocking.
At first Elise thought it was the door. She quickly stepped down the corridor, and opening the door saw no one down the long path from the curb to the house. She heard the knock again and realised it was coming from inside the house. Elise slowly followed the corridor, passing the steps that led upstairs and listened intently. She heard a sudden snort from Miranda on the couch and rolled her eyes.
The sound was a feint rap-rap-rap sound, more like something was knocking periodically against a wall rather than someone knocking with a fist. Passing all the other rooms, Elise realised it was coming from the back room – Malachi’s storage/study room.  She passed the small bench that stood in the middle of the corridor that had become a homing beacon for whatever crap they found in their pockets when they came home – pens, keys, cards, lipsticks…
The knocking grew louder and Elise pressed her ear against the closed door to the study. She could hear the knock, persistent, as she deliberated whether to open the door or not. She figured Malachi would be upstairs, sleeping last night off, but still, he had been clear on wanting his personal space. Deciding she would just try the handle of the door, she guessed it would be locked, but it eased open effortlessly and she poked her head inside. The sound was immediately clearer, it was coming from this room, but what Elise didn’t see was that it came from the rocking chair around the corner as it knocked against the wall behind it. As she looked to the left, squinting in the darkness at the books and boxes stacked neatly, it continued to rock of its own accord. Slipping through the doorway, Elise turned to where the sound was coming from, only the chair came to an abrupt halt just before she laid eyes on it.
Elise had noticed something though. With cautious steps she inched forward and towards the chair. Regarding the motionless chair with suspicion, Elise stood back from it, her lips pursed, her hands holding on to the tops of her arms in a hugging motion. She didn’t know why she was so intrigued by the chair at first, until she noticed the marks on the wall behind it. Moving in closer, Elise inspected the marks made by the rocking of the chair against the paintwork and reached out to touch them. Following the lines of the scuff marks, she moved her fingers further as she realise there was another door behind it, but one only about half the size of a regular door that someone may find as a storage alcove. Drawing even closer to the feint outline of the doorway, that was painted the same colour as the green wall that held it, Elise’s breath began to fog, and she had an ominous sense growing within her.     
“Like a good rocking chair do you?” Malachi asked from the doorway, causing Elise to jump in fright.
Malachi continued on as though she hadn’t just been scared out of her wits. “It was here when I got here. Didn’t know what to do with it, so there ‘tis. With a bunch of other old antiquey looking things.” He motioned across the room to the boxed up and covered pile of old furniture and knick knacks. “They’re probably worth something you know.”
“Shit!” Elise exclaimed, not sure if she was more angry with Malachi for scaring her, or more for ignoring how afraid she had been. “You scared me. What the hell?”
“Sorry, just me.” 
Elise stuck out an accusing finger that she pointed irately at him. “You did that just to creep me out – that is so not cool.”
“Did what?” Malachi asked innocently enough, but Elise wasn’t buying it.
“You know what – the thing with the chair! First the story last night, then this. Not OK Mal, I get enough scares at work.”
“I have no idea what you’re talking about. Really.” Elise shot him a look that clearly told him she didn’t believe him, and about turned back down the corridor and into the kitchen, with Malachi in tow, amusement still etched on his face.
Elise leaned back against the kitchen bench beginning to feel a little embarrassed for over-reacting.  She looked up at the clock wondering what hour of the morning it was, however the second hand impatiently ticked back, then forward, back, then forward as if emphasising how slow everything seemed to be going. “She was right about the clocks, none of them work.”
Malachi barely registered what she said, “Hmm,” he offered “Magnetic fields or something. Same deal with radio and landline reception, sometimes it’s in, sometimes it’s out. That’s why I use my mobile.” 
“And no fair with finishing all the coffee, especially if you are going to pull pranks like that every morning.” Elise continued to scold, picking up where she left off with the kitchen clean up. Without another word, Malachi produced another bag of instant coffee from a side door Elise had missed. Groaning with relief, she nearly snatched the bag from him and started boiling the kettle, impatiently tapping her nails as she waited for ‘ding’ to indicate it was ready.
“I’m sorry for going into your room.” conceded Elise. 
Malachi just shot her the sly grin she was used to seeing now and brushed off her concern. “You can go in when you want. I just didn’t know what kind of person you were before, it’s all good.”
Pouring the water into the coffee cup before it even had a chance to boil, Elise barely swirled the contents before she topped it up with milk and took a sip. At the silent and contemplative stare Malachi was giving her, Elise broached what she knew was coming. “How much did she end up telling you anyway?”
“What do you mean?” Malachi asked with an over-exaggerated ignorance. Elise raised an eyebrow, to which Malachi sheepishly looked at his feet before shifting to sit at the nearby table. “She told me there was someone stalking you – some guy named Keith. She also said he supposedly killed your ex for beating you up. Puts him in my good books, personally, but I can understand why you’d be running from him. If he’s a nut job though, why didn’t they lock him up? Miranda was already asleep by the time I thought to ask that.”
“Not enough evidence.” Elise mused aloud.
“That’s why you got spooked, ‘cause I said the guy got off on a technicality, only to be beaten to death at a rest stop?” Elise nodded at Malachi.
“The police knew he’d been following me from the reports at the club, and my home, they knew he’d seen Mitch hit me – that’s my ex – ‘cause he went off in the parking garage the night…. it happened. The bouncers had to restrain him, but when Mitch was killed, he claimed he was with his sister.”
“She corroborated?” Malachi asked, to which Elise duly nodded.
The events played over in Elise’s mind, Mitch and she had actually split up two days before, when his drug habit resurfaced and she had told him she’d had enough. Mitch had been a bouncer at the club she worked at when they had met and had always had a jealous streak, but had never hit her until that night. All strung out, off duty, and looking for a fight, Mitch had seen some guys at a bucks party getting frisky with her and had intervened, smacking the buck out, then backhanding her, calling her a slew of names until the other bouncers who were on duty kicked him out. Keith had followed them outside, then pulled a gun in front of the whole crowd, Elise included, threatening to make him pay for taking her for granted. When everyone was subdued, and holding their hands about their heads protectively, Keith had dropped to one knee and pulled a ring from his pocket. Once the gun was no longer pointed at him, Mitch had jumped Keith, pummelled him, and then pulled Elise to him protectively. She had let him too, stunned as she had been at Keith’s violent and unexpected proposal. An alarmed Keith had run off in to the dark bleeding as she stared after him in disbelief. The image of his face horror-struck was almost always stuck in her head, replaying whenever she had a sense he might be there, watching her.
Before that night, he hadn’t even spoken to her, just visited her night after night as she waited tables and danced, watching her and rubbing his sweaty palms on the legs of his pants. She hadn’t even thought anything of it. They almost always got the odd crank here and there, and it never got to be much of an issue. Or that was how she always thought it was, anyhow.
After Keith ran off, Elise had pushed Mitch away, stalked back to her car and driven home early, only to find Keith sitting outside her house, waiting. When she called the police they brushed her off, but ushered him on anyhow, but when she got inside, she was truly shocked. Lining her walls were images of herself in black and white, Sepia, colour and freehand drawings, all of which showed her smiling, biting her lip, and all connected by red crepe paper that drew together in a giant bow on a box that sat in the middle of her coffee table. Balloons were suspended in the air above the box, and inside sat a piece of folded up paper with the ring upon it. Elise recalled her trembling fingers opening up the paper to find a list with dates and times and places she had been, what she had been wearing, who she met with. The list ran for at least a months’ worth of dates and just as Elise started to cry she read the last entry: I’m always watching over you.
Elise had run from the house, and to the safety of Miranda’s, only to find out that Mitch had been beaten to death in a public restroom. The police argued Keith had motive, but with the alibi, and the supposition that Keith, with his small stature was unlikely to get the better of the 6ft Mitch, along with fact Keith had a gun he could easily have used, had rendered the charges moot.
During all of this Elise had moved of course, but a month later when a bunch of flowers showed up with a picture of Elise and Miranda taken from afar embedded in the blooms, Elise had run further – and taken Miranda with her. Not that Miranda ever shied away from adventure, but Elise had a different motive altogether. The picture had had what used to be Miranda’s head burned out of the photograph, and with no evidence it was Keith, or that he was doing anything untoward, all she thought to do was run, start fresh and hope to God he latched onto some other poor girl.
In spite of all this though, even as Elise explained to Malachi everything that had happened, Keith was watching through binoculars from the street behind their house, taking notes. Date, time, person, clothing, activity. If nothing else, he was a patient man, and determined to watch over her, even if she ran again, but this time he would explain to her why he had done everything he had done, and was going to do.
Chapter 6
“C’mon Elie!” Miranda’s near whining voice was getting to Elise, though she wasn’t about to reveal it. One moment of perceived weakness and that would be that.
“No.” Elise insisted. 
“Please?” Miranda pouted and Elise looked over for support from Malachi who lay reading on the couch, black boots perched on an armrest.
“It’s for kids.” Elise tried to reason realising Malachi wasn’t about to help her out any time soon. Elise continued, stripping off her office garb, and easing a house jumper over her head.  
“Yeah, but you know I’m just a kid inside….”
“No!” Elise thought for a moment before suggesting: “Take Mal.”
Not skipping a beat, Malachi’s voice sounded out from his quiet retreat. “No bloody way am I going there.”
“Well, I can’t go alone. How lame is that!” Miranda crossed her arms, her ‘naughty but nice’ Halloween devils outfit crinkling under the pressure. Her horns bobbed in unison from the effort of her head dipping in obvious frustration.
“That’s what you’re worried about?” Elise questioned 
“Please. It will be fun. I promise”.
Mal piped up again, though never detracted from the book he was embedded in. “As fun as when we skipped out on the bill at the biker hang out last week?”
Elise hadn’t known about that. “As fun as that themed restaurant where I had to dress up and make an ass of myself in front of the entire crowd last Christmas?” Elise provoked, though she knew she was already buckling. Truth was she could actually use some light entertainment to round off the week she’d had.
Though she couldn’t believe it, the situation with Stan had actually had a happy ending. The morning Elise had explored the back room with the obscured doorway, she had received a knock on the door. Her boss had arrived, sheepishly holding his head to the side and offered her a promotion. Based on the YouTube footage, which Elise had made sure she thanked the person who took the time to take it, she had received an apology, and a sizeable upgrade, to a job that was less of the run around, and actually interested her – in the purchasing department. Stan had received a transfer. It had temporarily lifted Elise’s spirits, but she was also looking forward to a hot shower and last night’s leftovers, not hiking about a Halloween fair until all hours.
Elise was headed up the stairs when Miranda delivered the low blow. “You’re no fun anymore. Keith may as well have killed you off too the way you hide all the time.” Elise snapped her head back.
Malachi immediately looked up from his book and over the edge of the couch waiting to see what Elise’s reaction was going to be. Elise noted his eyes were wide and curious and she turned back down the stairs. Even Miranda looked ready to eat her words, but she maintained an apprehensive stoicism about her. An overwhelming momentary silence hung between the two as they stood eye to eye before Elise finally spoke.
“Fine.” Elise said pleasantly, surprising Miranda.
“Fine.” Miranda responded with borrowed confidence.
“Let me get changed.” Elise added, resuming her trip up the stairs.
Miranda pulled a desperate and relieved exaggerated face at Malachi who made a surprised expression back, shrugged, then turned back to his book. “Don’t look at me,” he said, “If it was me, I would have clawed your face off for saying that to me.”
“Yeesh.”
“Just saying sweetie.” he continued in a super sweet tone as Miranda thanked her lucky stars and went to get her patent black platforms from the closet.
***
A while later at the fair, Elise had let her guard down finally and began actually having fun. In that nerve racked moment when Miranda had made the comment about her being dead – or just about – Elise had realised something. Miranda was right. This whole thing consumed her from the way she lived, the things she chose to do for fun, everything. Elise was sick of it. The Halloween themed fair gave her the perfect opportunity to wind down, and practice letting go of all the stress, all the unnecessary tension she hung about her like a protective wall.
Dressed like an angel, a conscious move given Miranda’s devil outfit, Elise strolled arm in arm with Miranda as though there wasn’t a trouble in the world. She stepped out, inhaled the night air, and enjoyed the feeling that she had beat the pants off Miranda in the ‘whack a head/mole’, dismembered one legged races, the ‘zombie’ shotgun alley and the shoot-a-zombie head shooting gallery. 
“I need to pee!” Miranda declared loudly as they rounded the corner and saw a line of port-a-loos against the back wall of the stadium that overlooked the park that hosted the annual fetes and carnivals. 
“Good for you!” Elise said supportively as Miranda broke away from her.
“Not coming?” Queried Miranda as Elise raised an amused eyebrow in response.
“I like to go crazy and do that kind of stuff on my own.”
“I'm impressed, she doesn't mind being alone anymore.” 
Elise gestured about her. "I'm not thinking this qualifies as alone exactly."
“I won't be looo-nng.” Miranda sing-songed as she left towards the obscenely long line at the portable toilets.
Elise drifted away, walking through the throngs of people who absentmindedly loitered about and thoroughly enjoying the night, scattered as it was with stars and a crisp, but not cold breeze.
She found a tree nearby and leaned against it. Just as she was sinking her body into the trunk though, she suddenly thought she noticed someone familiar.
Taking a second glance towards the directions that had drawn her eye, she peered through the crowds of people, not so much concerned as curious. 
When she saw the familiar body shape though her stomach lurched and her body seized. Keith!
Elise fled, her instincts took over, and catching glimpses over her shoulder she thought she saw him move in unison. Her breath caught in her chest and she wanted to scream, but somehow making noises wasn't even possible. Crashing into a man as her feet stumbled, trying to find solid ground in her heels, she almost fell as a strong arm grabbed hers, steadying her immediately, not that she looked up. She was too busy staring back over her shoulder. 
“Sorry, sorry.” She offered half heartedly before she heard his voice.
“Hey, you alright? Is that you? Muggacino?”
Elise looked up immediate at the voice, and the reference. It was the guy from the diner, Owen.
Elise instinctively cast another look over her shoulder and around. She couldn't see Keith anywhere. 
“What's wrong? Is there someone after you?” Owen sounded sincerely worried. She looked back at him having seen no sign of Keith, and suddenly blushed. She must have imagined it, embarrassment rife. She kept letting that man rule her life, and the latest episode had made her run through the crowds in this ridiculous outfit. At least she breathed easier, and relaxed enough to realize that what had been keeping her upright was Owen’s stronghold grip on her forearms. Righting herself, she ignored the couple of passers-by who still stared at her composing herself even as Owen let her go.
“I am fine, just a giant sized idiot. I thought I saw something.”
“Must have been something.” he remarked. Elise looked over her shoulder again. “Still looking?” Owen probed.
“No, my friend…”
“Let’s go find them.” At Owen’s words, Elise softened and nodded. As they walked, searching for where Elise had rushed away from her meeting point with Miranda, she looked up at him hesitantly.
“You don’t have to, you know, I can find my way.”
“I don’t doubt that, but I’m kind of hoping I might get to ask you out if I help you. Not that I didn’t already – help you, that is Muggacino.”
Elise was stilled in silent surprise.
“That was a hint,” Owen said. “…for you tell me your name…”more silence greeted him. “So I don’t have to call you Muggacino?” he clarified.
After what seemed like minutes, Elise finally spoke: “Elise, my name’s Elise.” Owen smiled but immediate she added: “But I’m not dating, I mean, I just….I’m playing it safe.” The smile changed into something more demure and Elise immediately felt a disappointment that what she said had faded that confident grin.
“I get it, you don’t like to take chances.” he said just as Elise was about to make it worse.
“It’s not that, I just… don’t like to make mistakes.” she had tried to clarify but got it wrong.
Owen jumped on it of course. “Ouch, you think I would be a mistake? I get the message. It hurts, but I get it.” 
“Wait!” Elise responded immediately. “That’s not what...” but Owen interrupted her.
“I don’t want to make you feel awkward.”
“It’s not that…It’s complicated.”
“OK.” Owen acknowledged somewhat placated. “So tell me something less soul crushing, like why I couldn’t find you at the diner when I came back, six times, hoping to see you again.”
“You have to ask?”
“Fair call, what are you doing now?”
“Pushing paper.” Elise said as she looked left and right for Miranda.
“Out of the coffee business, ‘ey?”
Elise looked back at his quirky attempt to make conversation. “Was never going to last.” she advised with cynical humour.
“So what’s your story then?”
“I don’t know, I just moved here, wanting better things, new starts. All the original material.” Elise felt almost contrite at the half confession.
“Nothing wrong with that.”
“S’pose.” Even Elise wasn’t selling that one, so she decided to change the topic back to him. 
“What do you do Owen?” 
“I’m into specialty cleaning services….”
“What, like the mob?” she joked.
“No,” he smiled at the thought. “Not waste disposal.”
They had just reached the place Miranda should be. “How far did I run?” Elise hovered wondering if she should search the rest of the fair, or wait.
“Your friend,” Owen asked tentatively, “Did you move here with him?”
“Him?” Elise asked turning her attention back to Owen. “I live with my friend Miranda, and our flatmate Mal.”
Changing the subject, Owen confidently put his best foot forward. “I think I might have to do better next time. This isn’t my best effort.”
“What do you mean?”
“Well this is more of an ‘Almost Date’.”
Elise couldn’t help but smile. “Almost.” She said, forgetting her hesitations.
“So, maybe I could give you my number, and if you change your mind about making mistakes?...” His hopeful tone had Elise wanting to buckle on the spot in spite of the vexed expression on her brow, though just then, before she had to commit, Miranda appeared, carrying a light blue helium balloon, and a beaming, though apologetic, smile. “I got turned around… sorry.” Seemingly abruptly, she noticed Owen. “Hello sunshine!” 
Looking back at him, Elise seemed to suddenly take note of his broad physique, pleasing features and warm feel. “This is Owen.” She muttered almost absent-mindedly.
“Hi Owen,” Miranda beamed holding out a hand that he took to shake. “I am so pleased to meet you!” she enthused to a point Elise was almost embarrassed.
“Thanks.” He replied clearly put on the spot.
Elise decided to end the unease suspended between them. “Better get home, the place is becoming a dive.”
Miranda, however was having far too much fun. “Why don’t you come with us – grab a nightcap at our house?”
Elise was horrified, though not surprised. “Miranda – I have that thing in the morning.” She said with a discreet pleading tone.
“Don’t know what you’re talking about.” Miranda toyed, much to Elise’s irritation.
“That thing.” Elise insisted.
Miranda didn’t even break her gaze on Owen. “That thing got cancelled. They called and said you only live once.”
Elise looked away in despair just as Owen gracefully excused himself. “I think I might leave while I’m ahead anyway – next time. See you round Elise.” He said, waving casually, and then disappeared into the crowd.
“I leave you alone for a second!” exclaimed Miranda as Elise walked away, headed for the exit as she shook her head. Miranda followed, balloon still in tow. 
Elise was somewhat silent on the way home on the bus, but as they neared home she decided to confess to Miranda. “I thought I saw him.” she admitted to Miranda who gave an inquisitive look. “Keith.” Elise clarified, “That’s why I ran off.” Although she waited for the scolding, she got none.
“So you thought you saw him and you ran? You left me?” Elise was just thinking she had let her friend down, when Miranda continued on: “Having to fend for myself, you beast...” Elise gave her friend a distasteful glare as they reached the front porch. “It’ just your mind playing tricks. Relax. Please, enjoy, and for God’s sake, call that Owen – he’s delicious!”
The key hit the lock and immediately the door opened wide. 
“Have fun at the fair kids?” Malachi chimed from where he was walking half way down the stairs while he was busy texting.
“Even brought you a balloon back!” Miranda beamed as she let it rise to the ceiling. 
“Aw – you shouldn’t have.” Malachi responded putting away his phone, taking the balloon by the string and leading it past them to the dining room.
At the same time Elise spied a jacket that wasn’t any of theirs hanging on the bannister, a red three quarter length women’s jacket.
“Oh Mal, you’ve been cheating on us again!” Elise teased as she picked up the number and hung it up on the coat rack behind the door instead. Malachi showed the slightest tick as he paused his walking to look back at the girls. Quickly enough though, he shrugged it off and explained the situation. “I have other friends you know, might be a shock and all, but you two aren’t the centre of my universe.”
“Oh I know, you are the centre of your universe sweetie.” Miranda quipped brushing past him in to the lounge room and falling back on the couch to slide her platforms off. 
 Malachi took a seat next to Miranda and picked up a fat felt tipped pen. Elise followed not far behind, taking a seat and watching with amusement as Malachi drew a face on the balloon. When he finished he looked back at the face he had drawn, admiring his artwork before he turned it towards the others each in turn.
“He looks angry.” Elise commented, and he let the balloon free to rise to the ceiling, only it didn’t quite make it.
“Already coming down to earth. How sad.” Miranda commented before she sat back up, stretched and turned on the TV.
A couple of hours later everyone was in bed, sleeping soundly, when there was a movement downstairs, slight at first, almost as though a breeze had drifted into the room, nudging the balloon which now hung about head height from the floor. Very quickly, the nudge became purposeful, and the balloon drifted through the door and to the bottom of the stairs.  Slowly rising up the staircase, the balloon drifted upwards and straight to Elise’s room, the door to which lay ajar. Slinking straight through the aperture, the balloon entered her room and moved to the side of her bed where it finally stopped moving and hung still, as the face Malachi had drawn on it seemed to watch her. As if somehow aware, Elise stirred and opened her eyes in the darkness.   
Chapter 7
With a gasp, Elise jumped from her bed before she tried to scream, though the sound lodged in her throat, arrested. After a second of fumbling for the light she had realised there had been something odd about the movement of the object as she had shot from her mattress to the relative security of the floor. As light flooded the room, she exhaled in relief, dropping to her knees and resting her head on the bed. She wanted to both laugh and cry looking at the stupid deflating balloon that hovered, angry pen-faced features staring back at her. She looked at the clock on her bedside table which read 3:33am, and then accusingly at the doorway which lay open.
Thinking about it, Elise got up and retrieved the balloon, and towed it behind her as she ventured down the hall to Miranda’s room. Miranda’s room door was, as it usually was, flung wide open, much like Miranda’s mouth was as she lay sprawled across her bed. Elise deposited the balloon next to Miranda’s bedside before walking, satisfied, out of the room.
“Tit for tat.” Elise muttered as she meandered down the hall, clearly assuming Miranda had been the one to blame for her unexpected visitor. She was far too awake now to go back to sleep though, so Elise made her way to the kitchen for a glass of water and a 3 o’clock in the morning snack before she would try and get back to sleep.
Elise was just finishing the last of a reheated spring roll when she heard the knocking start up again. What a night she thought to herself poking her head around the corner and peering into the darkness at the end of the hall.
The knocking continued, and this time, knowing the source, Elise quickly closed the distance between her and the door to Malachi’s study room. She tried to see any movements through the mottled glass panels of the door. “Mal?” she called. “Mal are you in there?” Immediately the knocking stopped. Elise reached out for the doorhandle but there was a sudden creak behind her.
Spinning around, there was nothing there, and against her better judgement Elise began to panic. “Mal?” she called into the darkness. “Miranda? Anda?” There was no response of course.
Elise once again turned her attention to the door. Giving it a thorough look over, she reached out for the handle again.
There was a shadow flash behind her, and another creak sounded out. Elise looked behind her again, pressing her back against the doors glass panels, her eyes were wide and searching through the darkness for a sign of what caused the noise. The glass behind her darkened, not that Elise saw it, but she felt the chill that came with it, her breath fogging again. By the door a jacket fell from the coat rack, and Elise caught the motion, and though she realised it was just a jacket, coming unbalanced and falling, it was enough to set her bolting back towards the stairs chanting.  “I don’t believe in ghosts, I don’t believe in ghosts…” she chirped as she ran back up the stairs and into the safety of her bedroom, leaving the light on until the morning came. 
By the time Elise re-emerged from her room it was past 10:00 and she felt as bad as she imagined she looked. Malachi was out, off at work again, and Miranda sat with her feet on the dining table as she read her latest book interest and sipped on juice. Miranda always started her days off like this, and had since Elise had met her. Elise gave a smile at seeing her friend’s silhouette by the sunshine pouring in the window, and making no apologies, she interrupted Miranda’s morning ritual. 
“What happened to you?” Miranda asked looking up at Elise’s drawn face.
“As if you don’t know.” Elise replied. “How was payback?” she added, though Miranda just looked at her quizzically. “The balloon? I hope it freaked you out as much as it did me.”
“Not so much freaked out, but it explains why there was a pile of blue rubber on my floor this morning.”
“Damn. It deflated.” Elise looked as deflated as the balloon must have been by now.
“Nice to know you snuck into my room at some crazy hour trying to scare the shit out of me.” Miranda poured a coffee and slid it over to Elise who gratefully took it, batting it slowly from one hand to the other as she thought out loud. 
“Just repaying the favour. I figured you did it to me, but it must have been Mal. Between that, the knocking that’s driving me mad and the creaking, I think I’m going nuts.” 
“Going?” Miranda joked.
“Funny.” Elise responded, her voice echoing as she tipped the coffee to her mouth. 
After a moment Miranda caught up. “What knocking?”
Elise waved a dismissive hand. “From the study, Mal rigged this chair to rock on its own, really had me going for a minute.”
“The ghosts of slaughters past?”
“Something like that. Ever since he told us that story I’ve been waiting for him to jump out of the shadows with a ghost-face mask on.”
Miranda stood with a cheeky smirk on her face. “Show me.”
Elise simply shook her head, making no effort to get up. “I don’t think we should go in there.”
“He won’t know.”
“Nice Mir. He said we could go in anyway, it’s not a secret.”
“Then what’s the problem?” Miranda took Elise by the hand and dragged her up, Elise slowly following, but only just in passive protest.
The two left the confines of the kitchen, pyjamas, robes and morning coffee in a procession towards the study room which lay darkened and hidden from the morning sun. Elise caught herself holding her breath as Miranda opened the door unceremoniously.
The door creaked into the darkened room, the old wallpaper reflecting that this room remained untouched in the renovations, unlike the rest of the house. Miranda circled the piles of boxed up items shielded from the dust by white sheets, and walked the length of the room inquisitively. Elise stood at the door taking in the room this time, rather than the last time when she had been pre-occupied searching for the source of the sound.
Miranda came to a standstill next to a desk which lay organised and had writing materials, Malachi’s laptop hooked up to its charger and a few scattered pens lying next to a book.
“What’s he reading?” Miranda asked with little fervour as Elise headed slowly into the room and over to the door that was set in the wall behind the rocking chair. “The Art of War.” Miranda said sadly as though she were disappointed “Original.” She set the book down and began picking lightly through some of the other materials that lay about.
Elise set her coffee cup on the floor and ran her fingers across the line of the door. “It’s been opened.” Elise observed, however Miranda only let a grunt out to indicate she was half listening as she sipped on coffee. Elise fit her hand to the door and slid it down the outline of the door until she found a brass ring inset into a circular indentation in the wood. Elise immediately recognised it was a handle, and with renewed interest she gripped the loop with her fingers and pulled it towards her. The door didn’t move though. Elise pulled again, but realising it wasn’t going to budge, cleared the chair out of the way only to reveal a padlocked bolt that secured the door to the floor. Giving a frustrated sigh, Elise rested back on her haunches.
Miranda let out a scream, and Elise knocked her coffee over on the floor as she stood suddenly. Swinging about though, she saw Miranda stood, eyes wide in glee, and a wider grin on her face. Immediately she thrust a small stack of photo’s towards Elise who took them half angered that Miranda had screamed unnecessarily like that, half burning curiosity as to what had made her friend so worked up.
Rifling through them Elise saw they were pictures of a young man, unremarkable looking, standing outside a rundown barn with what looked to be relatives. He had neat hair, conservative clothes, and was otherwise fresh faced. It took a minute to realise the photo’s were of Malachi, or at least the un-emo-like variety.
“I knew he was a pretender.” Elise frowned at Miranda’s judgemental comment. “Seriously… I did.”
“Everyone comes from somewhere.” Elise protested on Malachi’s behalf. You used to wear braces, plats and Strawberry Shortcake shorts.”
Purposefully, Miranda re-directed the conversation, turning her active attention to a dust covered folder with paper sticking out the edges. “What’s this?” She pulled it out and Elise came over to indulge, brushing dust from a second folder. The two friends took turns pouring through the brittle paper, mainly articles about missing people, old posters with fresh faced teenagers, and the words Missing, or Reward highlighting the images. Elise’s hand rested on an image of a Swedish backpacker who had gone missing whilst on holidays.
“I don’t believe it!” Miranda’s voice stirred Elise from her attention on the face of the brunette girl who had disappeared on her lifelong dream to see the country on a shoestring budget, and fuelled by hope and dreams. Miranda was holding an article from a newspaper with a picture of the outside of the house. “He was telling the truth… Something really did happen here.” she continued as Elise focussed in on the article. “There was a crazy axe murderer in this place.” The title ran: House of Horrors Reveals All As Killer Walks.
A chill ran the length of Elise’s spine. “Put it away.” She closed the folder she held and placed it back where she had pulled it from, with a rough manner that betrayed her eagerness to get rid of the documents and everything their horror represented – all that pain.
“Malachi’s ghost story wasn’t all BS. Maybe that’s what you’ve been hearing Elle.”	 Miranda had struck a nerve in Elise, her senses on edge as she struggled to settle her mind.
“I don’t believe in ghosts.” Elise said so matter-of-factly Miranda knew her friend was unnerved. She was about to offer Elise some comfort when a creaking interrupted her. Both girls faced the direction where the sound rang out from.
Miranda lowered her voice to a whisper. “What if they don’t care what you believe?”
The creaking sounded out again, near the chair, almost as though it came from the door in the wall.
“It’s over there!” Miranda hoarsely uttered, gripping Elise’s sleeve.
The sound echoed out again, but Elise recognised it. “No its not.” Elise left Miranda to go to the door that lay ajar. “It’s the stairs.” Miranda crept up to Elise, and the two crept through the door, carefully pacing their steps down the corridor and towards the stairwell. Reaching the bottom of the stairs, Elise and Miranda stared up the length of the stairs. They quietly waited for some time, for something at the top to stir. When a breath caught Miranda on the back of the neck she shrieked, Elise flinging her arm back to swing at something, anything, whatever it was, only to hit the side of the bannister as Malachi screamed out in shock, falling to the floor.
“What the hell!” he cried out.
“Oh my God!” Miranda gasped, clutching at her chest before she dropped to her knees and started hitting Malachi with fake blows, if only to let him know how frustrated she was before she ceased, her chest heaving now. Elise nursed her throbbing hand and the lot of them looked at each other in bewilderment, taking slow breaths. A moment later, Miranda and Elise burst into laughter, and Malachi got up brushing himself off.
“I fail to see what’s funny.” he protested.
“I thought you were at work.” Elise offered by way of partial explanation. She wasn’t about to offer up that they had been going through all the old papers he had been cleaning up, only to scare themselves witless.
“I forgot something!” Mal declared. “Geez.” He straightened his collar, and Elise threw her arms around him in relief. When she let go, Malachi shot her a forgiving smile, before picking up the small case he had dropped.
“What’s in the case mister?” Miranda asked, genuinely curious. He unclipped the top to reveal poker chips and a deck of cards packed neatly in Styrofoam packaging. 
“My turn to provide the entertainment.” he said, snapping the case shut, winking and turning back towards the door. “Better get back before they decide to play something else like checkers – God they drive me crazy…” he closed the door behind him, but then re-opened it. “Don’t attack the postman ok girls.” With that, he was gone, and Miranda and Elise relaxed for the rest of the day, making the most of it, knowing they would both be back at work within 24 hours.
In spite of knowing better, Elise couldn’t shake a bad feeling brewing within her. Elise had never believed in fate, in determinism, and certainly, she had never thought of herself as someone who would be so easily shaken by coincidences. Still, as she walked home the following night, a bookstore captured her interest as she was lost in her thoughts about creaking stairs, the bulbs and batteries that exhausted themselves in record time, the cold patches and the general feeling of being vulnerable somehow.
Without letting herself think through it too much, Elise entered the bookshop, almost embarrassedly sidled over to the ‘Spiritual’ section of the store and teased open the pages of a book on the paranormal. In the background, a quiet TV displayed a news update of a missing red headed girl, complete with a black and white headshot of her when last seen in an overcoat and beanie.
“Looks like I get that second date after all.” Owen’s unexpected voice sounded out behind her.
Although she tried to practically throw the book she was holding back on the shelf, she only succeeded in dropping it, and knocking another to the floor.
“What are you doing here?” she asked, stunned.
Owen obliged by lifting the books from the floor and handing them back. “Funny thing,” he started, “I’m looking for a book.”
“Imagine that.” Elise replied cynically.
“Of course it’s nothing as interesting as what you’re looking for.”
“What!?” Elise was astounded he had picked up on her being pleased at discovering his presence when she had tried to play it cool.
Owen handed her the last book, the title spelled in ghostly words spelling out ‘From Beyond the Grave’. “I’m just looking for a Web building manual, you’re clearly looking for something… else.” He remarked nodding towards the book. Elise blushed and put the book back on the shelf.
“I’m just … going crazy.” Elise laughed.
“It looks good on you.” Owen said before she had a chance to say anything more. “Seriously though, can I get that second date? Maybe coffee? Y’know something really scandalous.”
Elise wanted badly to say yes, but her chest seized. He sensed her hesitation and jumped in again: “I know what you’re thinking, there wasn’t really a first date, but I figure, we spent a good ten minutes of solid walking last time, and that’s got to count.” Elise smiled involuntarily, which spurred Owen on. “Maybe we could try sitting this time… or, if you don’t like that, we can walk and have coffee. We can start a new trend – walking dates.”
“Walking-speed-dates.” Elise added to elucidate.
“So you’re open to the idea!?”
Elise thought hard in that moment before answering. “I think I like the idea, yes.”
With that, they headed out, and ordered two coffees to go, Owen slowly walking Elise home.
 A short  while later, Elise had skirted around a range of topics that betrayed much of anything about her, and managed to focus on general events, Owen’s family history, when the inevitable reared its head. “I have to ask,” Owen began. “Why the books on spooks?”
They were nearing her house now and Elise toyed with the idea of running off into the dark, though eventualy decided it was futile. “You’re going to laugh,” she began.
“Try me.”
“We just found out the house we moved into has a history.”
“Go on.”
“A bunch of people were killed there – a long time ago – and it’s just a quirky place you know… creaking floorboards, clocks running out of juice, bad reception…”
“So it’s haunted.” Owen clarified.
“No, I don’t believe in that stuff, it’s just odd, and I thought there might be an explanation I could find.”
“A rational explanation.” Owen was overly serious and Elise was unsure if that was because he was getting ready to run or laugh.
“Mal thinks there’s magnetic fields or something.”
“Mal?”
“Malachi – he lives with us, he fixed the place up for free rent. Anyway that’s his theory, and Miranda’s driving me crazy with the whole ‘something spooky’s going on thing’.”
“What do you think’s going on?” 
Elise looked up at Owen’s open, judgement-free face. “I think it’s an old house.” She explained. “It’s going to creak a bit, but it’s still….”
“Creepy?” Owen offered. Elise nodded as they drew close to the house. “As it happens, I love mysteries…” Owen said hopefully, but Elise wasn’t about to invite him in, in spite of how well everything had been going tonight. Miranda wasn’t in, and from the darkened windows, she could tell Malachi was out as well. “Don’t worry, I think even if it is jam packed full of ghosts, you’ll have nothing to worry about.”
“I admire your optimism.”
“Well I am a renowned ghost hunter extraordinaire.” Owen declared with exaggerated authority causing Elise to be even more comfortable as she smiled back at him.
 “So… this is the haunted castle.” She joked as they ascended the walkway to the door.
“So…” Owen pressed.
“I was wondering…” they both said simultaneously.
“Never mind, you go first.” Owen conceded. 
“I was going to say, I had a really good time, and maybe, if you wanted a third date, I might be up to sitting….”
He kissed her suddenly and caught her words, leaving her stunned for a moment before she sank back into his lips, pliant. When they parted she sighed. She had missed that. For such a very long time things had been so wrong with relationships, or even the thought of them she hadn’t ventured there, but that kiss sent her heart thumping and her body softened. Still, not too much too soon. 
“You alright?” his voice sounded and she came out of her haze. She must have looked a million miles away because he was staring at her, a confused expression on his face. 
Elise smiled, “I’m great.” And she leaned in for another kiss, but he hesitated, still near her, but not quite touching.
“I don’t want to seem too eager, but I was hoping I could come in, like for coffee or something.” He stroked her hair away from the side of her face and his cool touch against her neck gave her goosebumps. 
“Coffee or something?” she giggled. “Really?”
“I know how that sounded. I just want to spend more time with you – I don’t want to leave you yet.”
“I can’t let you in. not tonight. It’s a long story but I need to take things slowly.”
“Something happened to you?”
“Maybe I’ll tell you another time.” She looked down at her feet, already having regretted saying this much. She resented that something she was trying so hard to leave behind kept intruding on her sense of self. 
The curtain inside fluttered as though someone had momentarily pulled it aside to peer out. A chill racked Owen even though neither of them had noticed the movement.
“Tell me now. We can go out and get dinner.” Owen tried not to sound too zealous, but he needed her not to go inside without him. “I’ve got time, and I’m buying.”
“I think I want to go to bed, it’s been a long, strange day… week even” She looked back at him not wanting him to get the impression she hadn’t enjoyed herself. “But it ended well. Thanks for rescuing me from my own insanity.”
“My pleasure. Any time you ever get struck with temporary insanity… I’ll be there.” 
“How’s tomorrow?” Elise said, as she relaxed further into the idea that not every guy was going to be a drugged imbecile or crazed stalker.
“Sure.”
She turned away and slipped the key into the lock, but Owen didn’t move. She looked back at him. He gulped, but was remaining calm on the outside, trying to figure a way to get inside. Elise gave him an inquisitive look. He hovered over her, his frame mere inches away as he leaned against the door eve. 
“Just making sure you get inside alright.”
“I’m sure I can take it from here.” Alarm bells rang in her head, but she breathed through the moment, taking care not to overreact. Just because she had one or two bad experiences didn’t make everyone evil. He wanted to spend time with her. He liked her. He wanted to make sure she got inside safely. What was wrong with that?
He nodded to her, but inside he was panicking. This was it. How was he going to get inside with her without forcing his way in? Sensing her hesitation to his hovering he moved away and started to walk the few steps glancing back over his shoulder at her. She smiled in return, before turning back to the lock and opening the door. Then Owen saw it - his opportunity. On the dark metal railing that followed the steps downwards there was a jagged piece of metal protruding. Seizing his chance Owen ran his hand across the jagged edge and sliced his hand open. 
Wincing and crying out from the pain required no feigning, he had cut himself deep and blood poured from the open wound. 
Elise turned about at the sound and saw Owen holding his hand. Rushing over to him she instinctively held his hand, inspecting the cut. 
“Come, come in and I’ll bandage it up. I have a first aid kit in the kitchen.”
“No, it’s alright, I’ll be fine.”
“No. You won’t, you’re bleeding everywhere. You’ll be lucky if you don’t need stitches.”
She led him in and closed the door behind them as Owen smiled to himself. She had let him in. 
 Chapter 8
After venturing inside and taking Owen to the kitchen, Elise pulled out the first aid kit from a shelf in one of the cupboards. 
Owen looked around him and into the shadows where Elise had not yet turned on the lights. He had almost jumped when Elise took his hand and started dabbing it with antiseptic. He sat at one of the chairs watching her face intently while she worked at cleaning the wound and dressing it. She had sat on a chair next to him and moved in between his open legs to be able to work on his hand more easily. Once she had finished she looked at him with a flush on her face as she realised how close she had been resting her body to him as she had worked. 
“It looks like it will be ok.” she said moving back in her chair a little. Elise moved to stand, but Owen grabbed her arm tightly. Surprised, Elise swung back to look at Owen, but his expression had changed. She instinctively pulled back on her arm, but Owen just tightened his grip. 
“What are you doing?” 
“Listen. I needed you to let me in.” he started.
“What?” A feeling of being ice cold flooded her body.
“Elise,” Owen stood, and Elise felt fear burn through her veins as he towered over her, and she started to tremble. “Don’t scream, don’t fight me, and this will go much easier.”
But Elise did scream, and as she did, Owen pulled her back into him and clasped his hand over her mouth. She bit him, and he let go for a moment. She took the opportunity and bolted for the front door.
Having taken the other exit from the kitchen, straight through the lounge, Owen cut Elise off before she reached the door, and scrambling to a halt she looked behind her, up the stairs calculating if she could make it to the top faster than he could, and wondering where she would go if she did.
As he reached out to grab her again, a surprisingly concerned look on his face as he did, Elise simply followed her instinct and ran back down the hall she came from. She wanted to hide and all she could think of was the back room of Mal’s the comfort of its dark, musky atmosphere, the coolness of the air on her skin and the possibility the door in the wall might hold some secret exit, maybe a hatch that led under the house for maintenance.
Elise dodged Owen, knocking the small table in the hall over as she ran past it this time. The contents lay strewn across the floor as she quickly snuck a glance over her shoulder to make sure he was still coming after her, and he was.
Making it to the door, Elise extended her hand out pushing one of the two double doors open and taking a step inside, but not before she felt the tug of Owen’s grasp as he latched on to her. “You can’t leave, don’t go. I need to show you something, you don’t understand!” he yelled as she fell to the ground and he dragged on her legs until she was back in the corridor and almost pinned by his arms. She twisted her body around to kick him, but he caught her foot and pulled her under him. Pinning her to the ground, he put his hand over her mouth again and she wept at being unable to move away, though she fought him harder. 
“Shh. Elise. Quiet. I didn’t want to do this. Not like this, but I had to. I need you to hold still, be quiet and then I can…” but before he could finish his sentence, Elise saw a familiar face appear above him.
Keith!
Elise had mixed feelings. Keith was the last person she wanted to see, but right now, she welcomed seeing him, and the chair leg he had picked up off the debris covered floor. Just as Owen realised she was looking past him, he turned and Keith swung the piece of wood down, and knocked Owen out.
Keith stood wide eyed over Elise, and once again, she wasn’t sure if she should spring up and hug him, or start running all over again. She jumped to her feet as she was still deciding what to do. Keith blocked her passage down the corridor, and once again, Elise thought of running to that door, wrenching it from its hinges if needed and hoping it wouldn’t lead to dead space. Keith panted from the effort of knocking out Owen as he watched Elise with unnerving keenness. She stared back, unwilling to let her gaze leave his in case that was going to be what set him off. Thoughts raced through her mind. Why was he here? Had he been watching the whole time? What the hell was he going to do now he had revealed himself? Given he had an order not to be near her, he had to know she was going to tell the police, which, Elise realised suddenly, made this situation all the more dire.
“C’mon.” Keith’s voice interrupted her self-talk. He moved and she flinched, but he was reaching down to Owen’s body, not towards her. “Help me carry him to the kitchen.” Nervously, Elise obliged and together they heaved Owen’s six foot frame from the corridor and in to the nearest next room, the kitchen. 
The two unceremoniously let Owen flop onto one of the sturdier chairs, Elise held him upright with great effort as Keith tore cabling from the lamp and used it to tie Owen’s hands behind his back, which at least kept him in a seated position and allowed Elise some relief from supporting his weight. She used the opportunity to reach for her mobile phone. Flipping it open, she had only dialled the first number though when Keith snatched it from her.
“You can’t call the police!” he exclaimed. “We need to talk.”
“We have a guy tied up in my kitchen. We’re not going to stop for a chat. And I don’t have anything to say anyway. I want you out of here right now!” Elise pressed her lips together, partially to demonstrate her seriousness, and partly to stop her from wanting to throw up from the nauseating fear that was overtaking her simply from being in near proximity to him. Keith said nothing in response, but simply returned a steely gaze that stared right through her as he tightened his grip on the mobile phone he held in his hand. The mobile, still flipped open with the lone digit lit up on the screen with a curser flashing beside it, flickered as a cracking sound emerged from under the pressure of Keith’s fist. It snapped, both halves tearing from the wiring that connected the screen to the handset and, horrified, Elise fixed her eyes on Keith’s unemotional face.
Elise looked back at him trying to think what to say or do next when Owen began to come to, righting his body that had slumped down and uncomfortably tried to pull his arms upwards without success as they were bound to each other behind the chair at his hands.
“This isn’t what it looks like…” was all he managed to groan before Keith strode across the kitchen, picking up a saucepan that lay on the bench and raising it to strike him. Elise dashed forward, grabbing Keith’s raised hand.
“Stop!” she yelled.
“He was going to hurt you!” Keith responded, shaking her off.
“No one else dies Keith.” Elise said firmly.
“The only reason I did what I did was for you!” Keith replied nearly a question in the tone he used, as though the fact she was so disturbed at the thought of him killing people surprised him.
“You killed him!”
“He hit you!” was Keith’s comeback.
“What the hell are the two of you talking about?” Owen interjected, acutely aware that he was missing a huge chunk of the back-story here.
“No one is dying here tonight Keith. I’m calling the cops, you will go back home – go home and forget all about this. Keith’s fist tightened its grip on the handle of the saucepan as he fought his inner instinct to hit Owen over the head and be done with the trouble. It had been so easy last time, much easier than he thought. Problem solved, even though she clearly had been spooked.
Elise extended a hand towards Keith’s as it held the pan. The last thing she wanted was to touch this man, who might take the gesture out of context, or might as easily turn on her, but the thing she dreaded more, was anyone else being killed around or because of her.
“You don’t get it do you?” Keith said quietly. Elise froze, the tone of his voice unnerving her. “You don’t deserve to be treated like this, by people like him….” Keith pointed the pan at Owen, who struggled to free himself, urgently now, sensing the danger upon him. “You deserve someone who loves you enough to do everything to protect you, to show you that he cares…”  Keith’s face twisted and he increased his voice. “…that I care!” With that, Keith lifted the pan to strike Owen who bucked on the chair and shifted his weight to the side, hoping to break free by toppling the chair somehow. The chair fell to its side, but Owen wasn’t immediately freed. He pulled on his bonds and was just wriggling loose when Keith changed direction, Elise closing her eyes and turning away. Owen kicked out his legs aiming to boot Keith in the stomach when the door flew open.
Elise and Keith had never seen the man before and froze at the sight of his wiry frame holding the revolver point blank at Keith, who promptly dropped the pan.
Owen immediately felt relief wash over him, however, accompanied by being impressed that his friend had done something so out of the ordinary for him. James had picked up a gun and strolled on in to save him.   
“What the hell is going on!” Elise cried out loud.
“Back away.” James said to Keith as calmly as he could, given the adrenaline rushing through him. Then he nodded to Elise. “You, let him free.” Elise obliged by moving toward Owen, kneeling at the side of the fallen chair and tugging at the knots. When they failed to move, under the ever watchful eye of James and of Keith, she took a knife from the drawer near her head and swiftly ran it through the electrical cable. A moment later, Owen was on his feet and politely taking the knife from Elise, before heading over to stand next to James. 
James appeared to Elise to be more than happy to hand over the gun to Owen and, after which, he moved over to a wall and tentatively placed a hand on it.
Owen didn’t waste another minute though, gun in hand, he turned towards Keith, and marched forward, gun pointed at him. Keith shrank back, “Hey!” he shouted out, Elise gasped, and Owen raised the gun, backhanding Keith with it and sending him crashing to the ground. Owen turned about looking far from satisfied, and stuck the gun in his belt as he watched James. Elise followed his gaze to James, who seemed pre-occupied, though with what, Elise was unsure. At one stage James even looked like he was hugging the wall, his ear, chest and hands pressed against it, his eyes closed. Just as Elise made a face, James snapped to.
“This the place, yeah? No doubt.” Owen seemed to be deferring to James, though to Elise it seemed Owen would have been the one James would have been asking the directions from. When James nodded, Owen simply nodded in answer and looked back to Elise who could barely fathom what was happening; especially given she wasn’t feeling any particular danger right now, in spite of two strange and obviously deranged men in her house, brandishing weapons – or at least one. James clutched a chair, looking sick all of a sudden, and drawing Owen’s attention again. “Go outside, get some fresh air before we get started.” Owen offered James, and Elise’s stomach lurched at not knowing what he was referring to.
James left, and Elise held the table that stood behind her as her legs trembled. Keith lay at her feet and Owen looked him over before addressing her. “Look, we need to talk to you, but I’m going to take care of this nutjob before we get going or he’ll be mad as a cut snake when he wakes up, and it’ll only get in our way.” Elise looked back at Owen and the troubled look in his eye. “I thought you said you didn’t date? Boyfriend here was obviously something you left out.”
“He’s far from that.” Elise tried not to sound too disgusted at the thought, but wanted it to be clear she held no affection for Keith. She also thought she had better start looking like she was going to sympathise at least if she was going to survive long enough to get away from these two. “Just your friendly neighbourhood stalker.” Elise referenced as she stepped over Keith and to the porch where James ventured.
“Don’t go too far.” Owen’s voice rang out behind her. “James will be watching you.” Elise glanced back over her shoulder as she disappeared through the door frame. 
Elise smelt the cigarette smoke before she saw it in James’ hand. Looking for an excuse to make conversation, she said the first thing that came into her head. “You big on breaking into other people’s homes are you?” She failed to hide the sarcastic tone in her voice and thought it a mistake when he didn’t initially respond.
After a few thought-filled moments James replied though. “That’s not what’s happening here. He paced the few short steps that were cobbled stone on the side of the fencing that refused to grow grass due to the lack of sunlight. Elise had thought it another odd intricacy of the house that a fence had been built so close to the side of the house when there was no neighbour for a block all around the house.
“This place is suffocating.” James added, clearly following his own train of thought. He sucked deeply on the cigarette and Elise heard movement inside, no doubt Owen finishing up ‘taking care’ of Keith. She peaked through the window and saw him closing the pantry door on a trussed up Keith who now perched on the same chair he had tied Owen to initially.
Looking back at James, he appeared every inch of uneasy, and coupled with Owen and his apparent familiarity of these types of chain of events it chilled Elise. James’ cigarette glowed brightly as he inhaled. “You shouldn’t smoke.” Elise observed.
James gave an anxiety-ridden half smile as he shoved a hand through his hair. “I only smoke when I’m worked up.” He took another drag as Owen came in from the kitchen.
“You’re always worked up.” Owen added.
“That’s why I’m always smoking!” James exhaled, the smoke rising into the night air. He stubbed out the cigarette, not even attempting to be neat about it, and turned to face Elise who was scoldingly staring at the black smudge the burned tobacco had left on the courtyard stone.
Having Owen so close in her proximity after what had just happened had her on edge, and she unconsciously sidled away on instinct. He noticed and eased through the door to lean against the fence outside instead. Elise eyed the open door and clutched the frame as if it were the only thing holding her up. She surmised that if there was a distraction, she might be able to get away, but she knocked the pot plant that stood at the base of the door with her shuffling feet, causing her to let go of immediate thoughts of running, and focus on the two men who now occupied the small space between the building and the unnecessary fence line. “You said you wanted to talk.” she braved out loud.
“This is going to sound crazy, but we need you to open your mind up about something.” Owen spoke, but it was James’ reaction that caught Elise’s attention. He barely flinched, but his eyes flickered up to the window by the kitchen, almost as though someone had just walked past and he had noticed. He gulped and Elise felt cold sweep across her skin, goose bumps forming.
“I’m always up for a challenge. So try me.” Elise tipped her chin up a she spoke, but she felt far from the brave person she was trying to portray.
“First of all, who’s the guy?” Owen asked. Elise looked at him curious as to why he would care.
“Why, what does it matter?” she probed.
“I need to know what kind of connection he has with the house.” James clarified for her. 
“With the house?” Elise pondered. “None. He’s… crazy. He follows me everywhere…” Elise hugged herself. “He takes pictures of me, I moved to get away. But I guess he followed me here too.”
“He really is your stalker.” Owen re-iterated, and she nodded. “So he just happened to be here… tonight.” She nodded again, the swirl in the pit of her stomach becoming like concrete again.
James looked at Owen sensing something was different, his friend wasn’t usually so set on people, so much as the outcome he and James had in mind.
“Owen, it’s just the house, not the people. They’re both fine, they’re clear.” Elise picked up on the cryptic statements again and her eyes narrowed. Owen didn’t miss it of course. 
“Elise.” Owen spoke in a manner that grabbed her attention. “Your house is haunted, and we’ve come to set free the spirits trapped here.” They all fell silent and Elise lurched emotionally between wanting to scream at these two insane people who held her captive, and laugh in the face of the situation. 
“So you’re ghostbusters?” she said as solemnly as she could muster. Owen’s head slumped to the side in response, and James smirked, almost enjoying the reference. Life might be funnier at least… he mused to himself.
“It’s a little more serious than that.” Owen tried to rectify. “This house has a history.”
“Yes I know, apparently some serial killer lived here decades ago.” Elise offered. “I know.”
“And you chose to live here?” James looked horrified, and it got her back up.
“I only just found out. Besides, I don’t believe in that stuff.” James’ jaw hung open in amazement. 
“Seriously… you haven’t seen anything odd here, nothing strange…” Elise frowned at James’ words.
“Nothing going bump in the night?” Owen asked the question, but it sounded more like a statement – he could tell from the look on her face she already knew it to be true, at least on some level.
There was an expanse of time it seemed when Elise stared back at Owen, her eyes telling a story she did not want to reveal.
James’ expression changed to one of almost pity, he lowered his voice as he spoke. “There's something here. Not just the dead.”
 Elise wanted to ask what he meant, to ask him how he thought he knew these things, and have the chance to explain why they couldn’t possibly be true, but before she had to betray her thoughts, a torch shone in darkness of the night, and the sound of Elise’s kitchen door being kicked open rang out.
Owen ran to the window as Elise picked up the pot plant at her feet, hurling it at James who tried to dodge it, but failed. It connected with his skull and drew blood.
“Police!” came the announcement from inside, and Elise ran towards the uniformed officers. As she took cover behind them, she saw Malachi standing at the front doorway. The two officers brought James and Owen to their knees, James bleeding on the kitchen floor from a gash that sat at the top of his hairline while he was being restrained.
A short while later, the flashing lights of two police cars were lighting up the neighbourhood and the neighbours curious faces as Keith, Owen and James were escorted out. 
Owen looked pained as he was strong armed past Elise and Malachi. “Don’t go in the back.” Owen said quickly, but a violent shove by the policeman walking behind him, sent him on his way. 
James walked past last and looked Elise straight in the eye. “They're not trying to hurt you, just wa….” James got a shove this time stymieing any further words he would have been able to offer as he trudged past.
Malachi held Elise tight as she watched the unwelcome procession move out of her house, and Miranda come dashing up the front lawn, avoiding the three intruders and police as she balanced in her heels. She grabbed hold of Elise who nearly fell into her friend sobbing.
Malachi closed the door as Owen peered out through the police car, knowing this was just the beginning, and wondering if her friends were strong enough to help her. As the police car pulled a u-turn to take them off to the station, Keith, who was being loaded into the second car glared through a bruised eye socket at Owen while James looked back at the house and the six faces that peered through the upper window, pleading for him, and the two that stood on the lawn staring after him. Blood seeped through their clothes and James turned away, their pain filling his mind, their grief tearing at his chest. 
Inside, Miranda and Elise sat oblivious to their house guests, as Miranda cuddled her friend on the couch. Malachi brought coffee in from the kitchen and took a seat in the old armchair he favoured. He had liberated it from the back room, much to Miranda’s criticism, not that she said anything about it now. She was too busy asking Elise for every detail of what had happened. “So who called the police?” she asked as her final question.
“I did.” Malachi said calmly.
“Thank you. Thank God you came home when you did.” Elise sighed.
Expressionless, Malachi added to the picture of what happened, astounding Elise. “No, I was here, I never left.”
“You were here the whole time?” Miranda asked in the absence of Elise being able to find the words. “Why didn’t you help her?” 
“I called the police.” Malachi explained as though that explained everything.
Elise got up, and left the room, headed for bed, exasperated at Malachi.
Miranda just looked at him, shaking her head. “What?” he asked. “She brought a guy home, there were noises and things breaking… Sounds like my typical Friday night.” He smiled, but Miranda rose to leave in protest for Elise.
“Not cool Mal, if you were too chicken shit to do something to help her, you can just say so.” Miranda stalked upstairs after Elise, leaving Malachi with a rancid expression where his smile used to be. After all, he hadn’t been scared, just was waiting to see what was going to happen, and as soon as he’d realised Keith wasn’t in control anymore he had acted. Malachi was beginning to get sick of Elise’s whining and Miranda’s need to overprotect her. So Malachi decided he wasn’t going to play nice anymore.
The evening closed on Elise clutching the covers, tired and exhausted, while Miranda lay in bed with her wondering how she could do more to help Elise, who seemed so close to losing herself in this mess. Meanwhile Malachi embraced his frustrations and settled in to the groove he had made on the couch for himself; and James, Owen and Keith got comfortable in to the cells at the local police station, waiting for the morning. 
Chapter 9
“Here we are again.” James said out loud, as he lay on the bench-bed in the cell. He sighed, causing Keith who was in the cell next to him to frown at James before looking over his shoulder at Owen who was in the cell opposite his. Owen gave him a piercing, unrelenting stare that eventually caused Keith to look away and at the floor. Keith was nervous, hands wringing, sweat beading and the last place he wanted to be was back in jail. 
The guard who had just duly clanged the doors shut, turned off all except the emergency lighting and left the three to their own devices, which immediately resulted in Keith pacing up and down the small space over and over, as James rested into the hard bedding and Owen hung through the bars in his cell, eying Keith, trying to make out what he was capable of, why he had done the things Elise said he had. He knew straight away that Keith was guilty as hell, that even while he paced he was anxiously figuring out if Elise would move, how he would find her, how he could get out of this predicament so he could be freed up to skulk about stalking his prey. He knew because he recognised a part of himself in Keith, the obsession and how it blurred everything else around away, leaving the burning need to see through a single thought or idea, no matter what the cost. Not that his obsession had been about a woman, at least not exactly, but it was the same thing in the end, a blinding pain relieved only by following through on the object of the fixation. Once he had found a way to come out of the throng of thoughts that had overtaken Owen and everything in his life, there had been a relief he hadn’t felt before, not in a very long time. All his passions, all his drive, could now be focussed as he willed, but watching Keith, he knew none of that control existed, and because of that he remained dangerous, unpredictable, and a threat that Owen planned to take care of, however he needed to.
Owen glanced over at James who lay peacefully with his arms behind his head and his eyes closed. Owen knew from the rise and fall of James’ chest he wasn’t asleep yet, but it would come soon. James never panicked when they got caught, and with good reason. Owen was looking forward to the look on Keith’s face when he and James walked out leaving him behind in custody. He smiled to himself slightly at the thought.
“Stop pacing, I can’t sleep!” grumbled James to Keith who ground to a halt. 
“How come you two are so freakin’ calm.” Keith hissed accusingly.
“We’ve done this before.” James replied, still not moving from his place of repose on the bench-bed.
“Many times…” added Owen.
James did stir then, lifting his head up for a moment to look over to Owen. “Maybe that means we’re not very good at what we do?” He said quizzically, but the tone of amusement was palpable.
Keith squinted his eyes. “What do you do?” he asked as he gripped the bars, venom dripping from the tone of his words.
“Clean up.” Owen responded sharply. “Anyhow we’re not gonna be here long. So we may as well get a good night’s sleep out of it.” Owen made an extra effort to seem unperturbed about the situation and moved over to his bed to lie down.
“You know something I don’t?” Keith asked. “Why don’t you think we’re going to be here long?”
Owen had been hoping he would say that. “Oh no, Keith, when I said we, I meant James and me. You’re a stalking murderer who crossed states to find the person you’re fixed on. You probably have an order not to be anywhere near her too. You’re going to be staying for the long haul.” With that, Owen kicked up his heels on to the bed and threw an arm across his eyes to help sleep come.
Keith looked about as though he thought someone might be watching or listening in, and dropped his voice to reply to Owens comeback. “Alleged murderer. They let me go, I didn’t do anything wrong. I helped her, that’s all.”
“Potato, Potaato.” Owen mumbled as a slight snore escaped James.
***
Miranda stirred in the early morning light as she woke up next to Elise. Very gently, she pried herself out of the covers and left Elise to sleep. She sent a text, and had a glass of juice while she waited for a response. When her phone chirped that a response message had come through, Miranda read it eagerly and immediately headed out.

Though Miranda closed the door gently, Elise heard the sound and a tightness rose in her chest. Malachi was supposed to be out at work, which meant she was alone in the house again. Elise might have been able to say a couple of days ago that she didn’t believe in such things as ghosts and ghouls, but after the last couple of experiences, and certainly after last night, she was nerve racked and was holding this feeling that so much more was going on than she had recognised to date. Sitting up in bed, Elise thought about going downstairs, but that knocking might start up again. She also wondered what time it was, but turning her digital clock around, the saw it was flashing 3:00am. Elise sighed, knowing it was just another one of those things about this house, nothing ever worked, including her mobile which she fished off the floor with enough time to tell it was 8:30am and that the battery was flashing on low before it blacked out. Instead of getting up, Elise lay back down and snuggled in to the pillow. She wasn’t ready to face the day yet. 
Meanwhile Miranda was making her way back from downtown. She had visited a good connection of hers that she met through the owner of the club, and she was now eager to get back to Elise, but as she strolled through town towards the bus stop, clutching her purse as though it held solid platinum in it, Miranda saw the music store Malachi worked in. She had been meaning to call in, and now, fuelled by adrenaline, it seemed like a good idea. She was also desperately seeking someone familiar, someone friendly who knew the seriousness of the situation they found themselves in. She smirked as she saw the name “The Record Store’, and the shop was nothing what she had expected though. With Malachi’s variable mood, stuffy self-centred nature and dark dress tendencies, iced with multiple piercings, she had expected some kind of hole in the wall dated mothball set up, but instead the address held a brightly lit well outlaid shop front with conventional music pumping through the speakers. 
Though she knew he was working, Miranda couldn’t see Malachi. There was a twenty-something girl wondering the floor returning cd’s, a repair man fixing the speaker set up at one side of the shop and a middle aged manager with over-gelled hair slouching behind the front counter register while he spoke intently on the phone. Miranda was just approaching the girl to see where Malachi might be when she felt a hand on her shoulder and she jumped. Miranda whizzed around but it was just Malachi standing there in his usual pallid presentation. The shop assistant she had been walking towards gave Miranda a strange expression as she continued on with her duties.
“Sorry, didn’t mean to sneak up on you like that.” Malachi apologised, to which Miranda smiled in relief.
“Don’t mind me, just been a big 24 hours…”
“Hmm.” Malachi responded restrictively. “Guess it’s been interesting to say the least.” Miranda picked up on the unusually cold tone in Malachi’s voice and reached out to stroke his arm.
“Look, I’m sorry about last night. I was a bitch, I just get really protective of Ellie y’know. She’s been walking around for months worried someone’s gonna jump out of the bushes at her and I’ve been all ‘get over it, relax, you’re paranoid’, and boom – last night happens. I just went into over protective mode. I’m sorry.”
Malachi relaxed his shoulders. “Apology accepted. That why you’re here?”
‘Not exactly the only thing. Can I show you something?”
“Aren’t you anyway?” Miranda prised open her bag and Malachi immediately shut it on her looking about the store. “Are you crazy? She isn’t exactly little miss stable.”
“I just don’t have a whole lot of faith the cops are going to be able to keep him away from her.”
“That… thing, isn’t the solution.”
“I thought you would be more supportive.” Miranda said taken aback.
“I thought you would have more sense to realise Ellie is losing her shit.”
“With good reason.”
Malachi sighed. “I just don’t want to be the one that bumps into her on the way back from the little girls’ room in the middle of the night.” 
“She’s OK, she’s gonna be alright Mal.”
“I’ve seen what happens when people go through something traumatic Mir, sense isn’t their strongpoint.” She shop assistant girl walked past and Malachi handed her a bunch of random CD’s. “Hey there, these need to go back on the shelf.” The girl took them pleasantly enough, though managed to turn her nose up at him as she walked away.
“I better get going, leave you to it.” Miranda excused, and left Malachi behind in the store as she headed back to wait for the bus. She was still hoping to make it back in time to have lunch with Elise, give her the ‘gift’ and still have time to make it to work for her afternoon shift.
Around twelve Elise stood at the top of the stairs challenging herself to go down them. One step at a time, she descended and noticed that other than the missing hallway table and a few scuff marks, Malachi and Miranda had cleaned up the place nicely. At the base of the stairs Elise stood, staring down the corridor at the end of which was the back room. Owen’s instruction to avoid going in there echoed in her head. She waited, expecting the knocking to recommence. If she was going to make it to the kitchen, she would have to walk down the hall. Elise willed herself to move her feet, but the strength was not forthcoming. She decided to take the long way round through the lounge room instead. 
At the doorway Elise stood for a moment taking it in. The chair that had had Owen, then Keith strapped to it sat on its own to the side near the pantry. Elise skirted around the wall on the opposite side as if keeping clear of it would avoid the unhappy memories now attached to it. Elise stared in to the cupboard vacantly, trying to decide what to have when she finally settled on 2 minute noodles. She switched on the kettle and waited for it to boil. As the sound of the water boiling reached a peak, she heard something and switched the button off, but it was hard to hear over the sound of the still roaring kettle. She thought she heard it again, but couldn’t be sure. It sounded like a muffled crying. 
As the sound of the water boiling subsided, Elise listened intently, but there was no sound except her ragged breathing. Elise clutched at her chest feeling like a hysterical child and turned back to the kettle pouring the water into the noodle tub. There was a thud just as she put the kettle back in its place. It came from the door that led from the kitchen into the corridor. Elise stopped her breathing and listened again. There was another thud, coming from the door and she jumped. Then it was quiet again.
Automatically, Elise walked a few steps forward to the door, just to see if she could see anything that might explain the sound. She saw the solid door, still and unassuming, and then she saw the handle turning.
Rushing to it, Elise caught hold of the handle, bracing the door with her shoulder. “Noooo, Nooo,” she cried out. The door rattled harder and she stabilised her bare feet on the linoleum floor, toes gripping the ground as best as she could as the rattling door grew louder.  “Get out, go away!” she yelled as the door rattled harder and she felt the handle twisting under the pressure of her grip. Elise howled and the rattling finally stopped. 
Elise sunk to the floor, back against the door and cried as she heard Miranda’s voice calling out. “Ellie, it’s me, just me.”
Miranda came through the lounge room entrance and saw Elise on the floor crying. “What the hell is going on?” Miranda cried as she dropped to the floor to hold Elise. “The door,” Elise sobbed. “Someone was there..”
“No.” Miranda explained horrified, “It was me. Ellie, it was just me, but you were yelling so you couldn’t hear me… No one else is there.”  Elise calmed instantly and put her head in her hands.
“Oh my God Miranda, I’m losing my mind.”
“No you’re not babe, you’re just freakin’. It’s OK. Come over to the table, I have something for you”.
Elise and Miranda walked to the table and as Elise took a seat, gathering herself, Miranda went to the cabinet above the stove and pulled out a pill box. Dropping two white pills into her palm, she took them over to Elise who happily accepted them as Miranda got her a glass of water.
“I knew I shouldn’t have gone out, but I went to get you something…” Miranda drew a glass of water and marched it over to Elise. “…don’t worry, Mal will be here tonight when I go to work. There’ll be someone here.” Taking a seat opposite Elise, Miranda wondered if a couple of Valium would be enough, but after getting her something to eat, Miranda planned to settle Elise back into bed before leaving. 
Elise looked stoically out the window at the sunny side yard. “What the hell is going on?” Elise muttered. “There has to be something else happening here…”
“There’s a lot of explaining by the cops, that’s what.” Miranda replied. “I don’t know how they could let him go in the first place. But at least he broke that order to stay away from you. That’s got to be worth something to keep him locked up.
“I don’t mean that.” Elise continued, looking over at Miranda. “What about the others, Owen and that other guy. They said that there was something here….”
“They’re freaks, that’s all. They were getting their rocks off scaring the shit out of you.”
“I think they might have been legit.” Elise paused as the drugs started to ease her pulse and Miranda’s brows pulled together. “I think there might be something here.”
“Something? Here?” Miranda was trying not to sound too accusatory, but knew she was failing.
Elise noted the doubt and struggled to explain. “There was that knocking, the balloon thing, and I just get the feeling like there’s something there all the time, y’know. I think we need to get away from here. Say I’m not crazy.”
“You’re not crazy, but…” Elise flinched at the last word, “but...” Miranda repeated, “It’s really bad timing with Mal and his story about the house, the articles we found in the room and then last night’s… craziness. It’s messing with your head.” Not finding Elise to seem particularly convinced, Miranda leaned forward to look her straight in the eye. “You really think there’s a ghost in our house? Based on a balloon, some knocking and what…?”
Elise closed her eyes and nodded in acknowledgement, the slow burn of embarrassment creeping in to flush her cheeks. “You’re right – never mind.”
“You’re just stressed, but if you want to get away…” 
“No, I just feel scared. You’re 100 per cent right.” Elise shook her head as she looked out the window, a tear escaping down her check. She brushed it away and turned back to Miranda. “Anyway, what did you bring me?”
“What?” Miranda asked caught off guard.
“You said you got me something.” 
Suddenly Malachi’s words were ringing in Elise’s head. “Maybe it wasn’t such a good idea.”
“Please – show me? Take my mind off this crap?”
Miranda hesitantly picked up her bag from the floor and pulled out the gun. “It’s only because I thought you might feel better having it, not that I don’t trust they won’t let him out again. Or those other guys…  But really, I don’t think you need it…” Elise took the cold metal in her hands and examined it closely. She was surprised it actually felt comforting to hold. After a moment she put it back on the table.
“I’m starving!” Elise said eying her tepid noodles on the bench.
Miranda agreed, “Me too. Food now, gun lessons later.”
***
“I’m starving!” Owen complained.
James, who sat next to him in the pre-hearing room said nothing, but agreed heartily. He was looking forward to a burger as soon as they got out, but the sound of Keith retching earlier that morning had banished any thought of food until Owen had spoken about it. Now, Keith sat next to James wringing his hands again, waiting for his legal aid representation to call him in. James had already met his appointed lawyer, an unimpressive suit with a smell about him that indicated he had drunk too much the night before. James cast a lazy eye about the room. At least there were no haunts in there with him, that was a positive he found himself drawing on. With his pills confiscated the last thing he wanted to be doing right now was going into overdrive over scattered spirits appearing in his vision. He closed his eyes as his head rested lightly against the wooden panelling of the room. His thoughts drifted back to grateful memories of having met Owen. Without him, James was sure he would have killed himself by now. Owen kept him on track, helped him feel there was a purpose to his daily hell.
Eleanor may have set him up with a semi-decent place in her garage, and fed him, set him on the path with the psychic she frequented – Madame Astride, but it wasn’t until Owen came on the scene that James had found what Eleanor affectionately entitled ‘his path’, or at least what she had called it. Since her death last year, he and Owen had been everywhere in each other’s shadow, doing what they did best, finding beasties, exorcizing houses, freeing everyday people from the terrors that lurked around, or sometimes within. The first time he’d seen Owen though, he had been mortified that Eleanor had thought the two of them might work together, yet another thing that lady had been right about.
It had been night time by the time James had reached the petrol station Eleanor had sent him to. James hadn’t even been sure that it was Owen, but after spending 15 minutes out the front watching nothing more than a guy in a black jacket check his watch impatiently as he waited out the front, a young boy on a motorised scooter arrive and leave the shop and two nuns call in to the store, James had surmised the watch checker was the man he was looking for.
Anxiously strolling over, unsure what to expect, let alone how to start the conversation, James had nervously made contact with Owen. “Eleanor said we should meet.” James recalled the pause as he had waited for the meaning to fall flat but Owen had just seriously looked James up and down before speaking. “I don’t know, makes me feel kind of cheap meeting you on a blind date like this.” Just as James baulked at the comment, Owen had shot a sarcastic grin, and James realised Owen was joking with him.
“Wonderful, you’re a comedian too.” James responded sarcastically. “So what is it exactly that you do? Eleanor never said.”
“Come with me.” Owen had said and nodded towards the shop front. Inside the bright white interior there was nothing but the two nuns busy shopping the shelves with a hand basket of chips, chocolate, and fruit, and the sales guy at the counter. 
Without hesitation, Owen had strode over to the counter, whacked a pack of gum on the counter and as the clean-cut grey-eyed 20 year-old sales guy rang it up, his name tag ‘Peter’ glinted in the fluorescent light. All of this was unremarkable until Owen placed a large round coin between them. James remembered the way the coin had felt as it hit the counter-top. It was almost as though it sang to him, and the sound it had made on the counter was a hard thud that resonated about the shop, not the light clink you would expect from a coin. 
When Owen had removed his hand from over the coin, James had seen it was far from regular currency, but instead was thick, a mustard gold colour, with a hole carved in the middle. Looking up, surprised as much as curious, James noticed Peter, the sales guy looked horrified, his eyes wide, his teeth bared, and his body shaking, but quickly turning into convulsing as he raised his head and an ungodly screech escaped his lips.
James took a step back, mirroring Owen who pulled out a gun from inside his jacket. James could see another one tucked next to his side but when Peter stopped screaming, he jumped with one spring onto the counter, hovering like an animal on all fours, James’ attention was drawn from the second gun back to the creature in front of them. Owen’s finger was just squeezing the trigger when Peter extended both hands, roared and most of everything in the front of the shop flew backwards, items swirling in the path between James, Owen and Peter. Owen’s gun went flying back two aisles to where the nuns had ducked for cover, and where Owen and James took refuge from the flying shrapnel and missiles that were formed from the packets, broken glass, display stands and produce that had been silently still and awaiting a sale less than a minute ago.
“What the hell is that?” James asked Owen.
“A type of lesser demon inhabiting the man’s body.”
“Peter? Possessing Peter?” James confirmed.
“I didn’t take the time to check his nametag.” Owen said as he scrambled to pick up his gun. 
“How did you know he was possessed?” James promptly demanded of Owen.
“I have contacts, in a town about 30 minutes from here. There’s a club and the girl that runs it gives me details, places, people…That and anyone could have read the signs. The constant drawn expression, the greyness of his eyes, his distaste for salt or fire, oh, and the vial of goofer dust he had not well hidden behind the counter.”
James could barely believe what he was being told. “You checked all of that, but not his nametag?”
Resting his back against the fixed stands that held the chips and dip section of the store, Owen looked over at the nuns, then at James, handing him the gun he had just salvaged. James shook his head vigorously. “Take it!” Owen pressed, but James knocked it back. Peter started stalking the aisles purposefully moving his feet so they stomped his nearing presence, meant to drive fear into his prey.
“Guns aren’t really my thing.” James said quickly. “I help spirits find the other side.”
“What happens when they don’t want to?” Owen was already pulling out the second weapon he wore. James watched his every move intently as the nuns screamed in the background. “Find the other side that is?”
“Well… I never had to worry about it.” As soon as James spoke, there was an enormous bang and one of the fixed shelves went sailing overhead.
“Now’s the time…” Owen advised extending the weapon out to James again.
Hesitantly James grimaced and held out his hand before changing his mind and pulling back his arm. “I don’t think weapons and me are a good fit.”
Cynically, Owen replied: “Great. The only other one that can see the things that go bump in the night and do something about it, and you have moral hesitancies... We need someone to cover us.” 
Owen narrowed his eyes as he locked in on the nuns in the corner who continued to cower and cross themselves. “Hang on.” Owen said before he shifted closer to them, with James shuffling in his wake. “Hey, you!” Owen called over to them.  One huddled into herself further, mumbling under her breath, the other’s pained and fear-driven face looked at Owen, incredulent. “What kind of nun are you?” Owen persisted in spite of the look.
James nearly spat in surprise. “What kind of nun? Have you lost your mind?”
“No I mean it – what kind?” Owen asked her again. “The reclusive pray-at-the-alter type or the get-out-and-get-dirty type.”
“Owen!” James could have died at the disrespect, but the nun replied nonetheless.
“I work with the destitute.”
“Like drug runners and the homeless right?!” Owen asked for clarification.
“The misguided.” she corrected with a blunt tone.
“Great so you’ll know how to use this.” Owen handed her one of the handguns.
There was another loud crack and bottles flew through the air, crashing into the stands and walls around the four. The nun looked back at him, her face racked with fear, but Owen just dismissed the affray. “Don’t worry, we’ve got time, he’s just stalking us, trying to get us good and scared so he can feed off us… like hat man.”
“Hat man?” she asked
“Ask me some other time.” He smiled back, and just like that the nun took the gun he thrust into her hand. 
“Owen, take the gun off her, you’re scaring her.” Protested James, but just then, she took the gun, opened the chamber, spun it, clicked it back into place and took the safety off, preparing to aim. “What do you need me to do?” she asked. 
“Just take pot shots at him.”
“But what if I kill him?” she asked worriedly.
“Lady, he’s already dead.” 
Owen drew away, readying his stance and retrieving a small bag from a string that held it about his neck, but concealed under his shirt. It was a gris gris bag, James recognised immediately, and Owen pulled some of the ground contents from it, sprinkling it into the barrel of the gun, before securing it back, and taking a vial from his pocket. Holy water James guessed.
James turned to the nun as he grabbed salt from the shelf next to her head, and tomato sauce from above her. “What’s your name ma’am?” 
“Sister Bethany.” She replied casting a look over at her friend who cowered, muttering, in the corner still.
“Nice to meet you Sister Bethany.” James held out his hand but Owen called out “Now” and Sister Bethany stood up on cue, firing at Peter which distracted him long enough for Owen to throw the holy water, hitting his target in the head and causing him to reel backwards. Owen took aim and fired, but enraged, Peter dodged the bullet and flew at the nun, knocking the gun from her hand, and landing above her. Peter raised his hand to strike Sister Bethany as Owen took new aim, but before he could shoot, the second nun sprang up in defence of her friend, hand basket still clutched tight and started laying into Peter with the basket, the contents flying about. In shock Peter simply took the blows and finally was stabbed in the head by the second nun with a piece of broken basket which now lay bloodied about the floor. She stood, gasping for breath, as Sister Bethany rose to her feet and clutched her. 
“One way to go to Hell in a hand basket.” James quipped as he stood next to Owen who smirked his response. 
“Guess the term had to come from somewhere.” Owen replied, but seriousness overtook them as the nuns walked backwards and away as Peter stood up, and bleeding, pulled the plastic from his temple.  
Owen went to fire his gun again, but it jammed. “Oh shit!” he exclaimed and started fiddling with it. 
“Can we do things my way now?” James asked, and though Owen looked undecided, he proceeded anyway. 
James quickly used the sauce to draw a pattern across the ground, and make a large half circle with most of the salt. Finally James threw a handful of the salt at Peter who stood face to face with Owen. Peter hissed immediately, and charging at James, who stood his ground as Owen finally unjammed his weapon. Peter suddenly froze, dropped to the ground and cried out in anguish. James quickly completed the salt circle around Peter, sprinkling more over him for good measure. Peter’s skin crackled and an unholy sound emerged again, red glowing in his eyes as he looked up at James, pointing a finger at him, just in time for Owen to shoot him in the head with the tainted bullets. Peter’s body dropped to the ground as the feint sound of sirens could be heard in the distance.
“Did I pass?” James asked stepping forward, but Owen just looked at him querying. “I take it that was the point of bringing me here and unleashing hell unannounced.”
Sister Bethany separated from her friend and moved towards them. “You boys had better head.”
Nodding, Owen turned as he left. “Thanks for the back-up.” And with that the two of them had taken off into the night. 
There was a sharp rap on the door, bringing James back from his memory, and a court appointed attorney stepped in. “Owen Smith?” he enquired. 
“That’s fine.” Owen responded. “I’m with him.” and he pointed to James. 
“I suggest you have your own representation.” The man protested, but Owen knew better, James always was given a way out with some quirk, some perceivable miracle at times. Every time he was caught, he would just be let go. Owen had stopped asking what the trick was, because if there was one, James wasn’t talking about it.
“Nope, I’m staying with him.” Owen insisted, “This one needs a whole lotta help though.” And he nodded towards Keith. 
It was good timing, because the bailiff called James and Owen through next.
As the two stood awaiting the judge, James and Owen postured themselves respectfully, looking about the courtroom as people milling fell silent, and Keith came out, taking a belated seat behind them. All parties were announced when the judge took his seat, though James was the only one who saw what really happened next. 
Aside from the people waiting in court, there were at least 5 separate spirits that lined the room, and one that sat amongst the throng of people. They watched him, eerily, aside from the one that sat in the crowd who tried to stroke the face of the young woman who sat next to him. He failed of course and resigned himself to sitting with his hand on her lap. She chilled and shifted slightly in her seat. 
Another left his spot along the back wall and moved across the crowd, shouting and pulling angry faces, before laughing madly when there was no response. He eyed James warily. They all did. He could be their salvation, their guide or their damnation, depending on their state of affairs.
Finally, he searched amongst them for the one, and finally there she was. One of the spirits moved with purpose, with intent towards the judge, a woman in a sack-like looking dress that complimented her blue lips and vacant white eyes, as she nearly floated ghostlike and silent, with a sweet smile on her lips as she walked behind the judge. “You two again?” the judge’s voice boomed out as he raised his head. “Been keeping busy I see.” His thumbs flicked through the pages as he rattled off the charges. 
With a fluid movement the spirit shifted herself into his body, causing the judge to jolt slightly and grabbed his head as though easing a headache, though no one aside from James seemed to notice. “Well,” the judge picked up his voice, “I think you two know what you’ve done wrong, and the best option is to give you a chance to prove yourselves. You are free to go.” A gasp rang out and confusion turned the noses of the officers of the court as they screwed their faces up in confusion. Owen tried not to smile like the cat that swallowed the canary and the two walked past the astounded court-appointed suit to collect their few belongings that were taken at the time of their arrest. James just nodded in thanks, recognising the effort it took to do what she had. Why they did this, he wasn’t certain, but James always suspected it was his mother, somehow, or whatever she was. They walked the short distance only to be interrupted.
“Him too.” The judge continued in his drawl, drawing back their attention. The judge’s big fat finger pointed at Keith who looked as though he was checking he hadn’t been caught on candid camera.
“What?” Owen exclaimed out loud as another gasp echoed through the room.
James felt a chill run the course of his spine.
“First offence in this state.” The judge advised. As James and Owen looked back at him, he continued. “That’s the word, so better take good care of each other.” 
Not wanting to prolong the event, the two headed out, Keith not far behind them, but once outside, Keith immediately left them and headed down the road while James and Owen stood discussing what to do next.
Owen determinedly spoke up. “We’re going to have to get back to Elise. Get her to trust us somehow. And watch out for the lowlife.” he said referencing Keith.
James was less concerned about Elise and her looming set of circumstances however. “Let’s go get something to eat first, find a couple of rooms for the night, ‘cause I think that she’ll be coming to us.”
Chapter 10
At her home, Elise was washing up in the kitchen and things were finally feeling as if they were getting back to normal. Malachi was setting up to play cards in the lounge room, and Elise had offered to do the post dinner clean up. Miranda had left for work, and though Elise had initially felt her chest palpitating in response to her leaving, when Malachi had offered to spend the night keeping her distracted she had started to calm. After his amazing vegetarian noodle salad and a beer, she had begun feeling much better. 
Elise heard her mobile ring and looked at her soapy hands with a frown on her face, but Malachi called out “I got it.” To which she concentrated on refreshing the water. As the water poured from the faucet, Elise stared into it, lost in the crystal clear liquid that trickled past her fingers. Malachi’s voice was muffled as he was already was in the other room, and it faded further into the background as she stared in to the stream of water, but another noise sounded out, calling her back to reality. 
The creak of the door that joined the kitchen to the corridor opening behind her drew Elise’s attention just before the sink overflowed. She peered back towards the door, as she turned off the taps and snatched up the dish towel to dry her hands. Approaching the door, Elise reached out to close it by pushing it shut. She turned back around headed for the sink as a wind whipped up outside and the window shook slightly.
Before she even sank her hands back into the warm water though, the creak of the door sounded out again. Elise turned to face the open door, standing rooted to the spot for a moment before she stuck out a determined chin, took two long strides to the door and purposefully closed it, pressing hard against the door handle to make sure the lock was firmly in place. Purposefully, she turned back around and walked back to the sink again, and picked up the sponge and started scrubbing.
The creak sounded out again and Elise looked up and out of the window that trembled lightly from the winds outside. In the reflection, Elise saw what she thought was a slight movement. She gasped as she stared deeper into the window’s reflection of the open door. She thought she saw something that looked like a hand reaching around the door, feeling out the sides and the door handle. When the image of a face, drawn white, appeared in the darkness of the doorway, Elise slowly moved her fingers to clutch the handle of the knife she had just washed up and placed on the rack next to her. The window rattled again, and she couldn’t see from the blurred image coupled with the movement of the window pane whose face it was – Keith or Owen she guessed, but either one was as unwelcome as the other. 
Elise tried to breath calmly, but as the window stilled at the end of the gust of air, she realised the person’s shape had shifted and was standing all the way through the doorway now.
Wasting no time, she swung around with the knife, slashing at the empty air. She stood perplexed as Malachi came through the door to the lounge, her phone in his hand. He looked at her face, wary, then at the open door.
“What’s going on?” he asked tentatively. Elise lowered the knife. 
“I thought I saw something.” Elise replied breathlessly.
“There’s nothing there.” Malachi observed, to which Elise bit her lip in nervous frustration.
“I’m just jumpy. That’s all.” Elise set the knife down. “That’s all.” she repeated as though trying to convince herself before she changed the subject. “Who was on the phone?”
Malachi stood, on edge and unsure whether to tell her it was the police advising that against their best efforts Keith, Owen and James had all been released.  “It was the police.” He answered honestly, knowing she could check caller ID. Placing the phone on the table, he shoved his hands in his jeans pockets.
Elise’s eyes widened. “What did they say?”
Malachi hesitated while he determined the relative consequences of answering. “They were checking you were doing alright. I said you were doing great given what you went through.” Elise’s shoulders relaxed and Malachi nodded towards the lounge. “C’mon, I’ve got the cards shuffled, the chips out, and I’m waiting to beat the crap out of you.” Elise looked at him as though she had no clue what he was talking about. “Poker, I’m going to beat you at poker.” Malachi re-iterated.
Elise closed her eyes realising she looked like she was on the edge of a nervous breakdown. Forcing a smile, she nodded and wiped her wet hands again.
Malachi took her by the arm and cuddled up to her. “I’ll get a drink into you, we’ll play some cards and there won’t be another thing you have to worry about after tonight.” 
 The open door slammed shut. Elise jumped and Malachi grasped her upper arm firmly, his face concerned, though he tried to make light of it. “It’s just a draft El. Chill.”
Relaxing a little Elise clutched hold of Malachi as he led her into the lounge room, ignoring the light rattle she thought she heard coming from the door.
After a drink and a lot of distraction by trying not to lose every last poker chip to Malachi, Elise was beginning to feel foolish as she ascended the stairs to her room leaving Malachi to watch an Ed Sullivan re-run. In spite of everything, Elise realised that if she was going to keep her friends, and her marbles, she needed to be less reactive, and more in control of herself. That being the case, Elise slipped her hand under the mattress to feel for the gun Miranda had given her earlier. Feeling it there, offering security and protection made her mind clearer, and let her slip more easily  into welcome sleep to soothe the sting of her tired eyelids. 
Not long after she fell asleep, Elise was awoken by an intrusive sound. Not that she could sleep anything but lightly, however this sound caught her attention more so because she couldn't place it. Scrape, scrape, scraaape. Elise sat up in bed, the covers clutched to her chest in an unconscious attempt to protect herself. Blinking in the dark, Elise was beginning to wonder if she had dreamed it, and was just relaxing back into bed when she heard it again, closer this time, outside her door. Scraaape. Now she was awake she could register it better. It was a heavy sound, not like fingernails on the ground, but something dragged on the floorboards. Scraaape, it sounded out again, but this time Elise also saw a shadow under the door.  Her heart seized, her breath halted. The sound resounded, rang out again as the shadow slipped from one side of the door to the other, barely visible, but definitely a darker shadow against the dark backdrop of the shine the floorboards made outside her door. The shape couldn't be feet though, the sound didn't match.
Trembling, Elise stepped backwards out of her bed, leaving the sheets behind and fumbling for some kind of weapon in the dark. Trying to reason with herself, Elise ran through all the possibilities. Could it be Keith – unlikely, as he had only just been arrested and should be mid transport back to his home state. Owen and James were definitely not going to be released this quickly. Something that went bump in the night? But Elise didn't believe in ghosts, and especially after everything over the last couple of days. Those events had been very human, nothing otherworldly about any of it. What they said had still spooked her. Scraaape. The sound moved off and the shadow disappeared. Elise fumbled quickly under the mattress, her eyes never leaving the gap between the door and floor. Her hands seized the gun Miranda had given her, and Elise stepped brazenly around her bed to the door where she paused as she listened intently. Nothing. Then she thought she heard a brief quiet sob. 
Elise found the doorknob with her shaking hand, and turned it with minute rotations until she heard a click. She paused, waiting, feeling the looseness of the door ready to swing open at a push.
It sounded out again. Scraaape... further away now.
Elise edged the door open and down the corridor. She saw Miranda faced away from her some feet away, still wearing the same dress and shoes from earlier that day. Elise sighed in relief and reached to the wall to flick the light on. Light immediately flooded her room and escaped down the hall, only Miranda didn't turn around. 
“What are you doing?” No answer. “Miranda?” Elise stepped out into the hall. 
After a pause that chilled Elise’s very core, Miranda turned her head, peering over her shoulder at Elise. That was when she noticed something about her friend at the same time Miranda began to turn her body. 
Elise took a moment to focus and let it sink in. Miranda wasn't quite touching the floor. Her shoes scraped the floorboards as she hung, suspended in the air, her head lowered, so her eyes rolled up to stare Elise down. The hackles raised across Elise's arms and neck. They stared at each other for a moment before Miranda started to hover forward, slow at first. Elise felt everything was speeding up, everything but her thoughts as she tried to decide what to do: shoot her friend, run back into her room. Her mind was made up when the light in her room smashed, plunging her into shadows as Miranda suddenly closed the distance between them. Elise ran down the corridor, headed for the stairs, bulbs smashing as she passed Miranda's room, the lamp on the landing, the corridor overhead lamp. But even as she ran, she knew she wasn't going to make it. Miranda called out as Elise felt her cold breath on her neck. "Kourir."
Miranda crashed into Elise toppling her to the ground, falling like a dead weight as Elise thrashed against her friend striking her head with the gun by accident, forcing a shot to ring out as the gun accidentally discharged, embedding a bullet in the wall. 
“Oww!” Miranda protested, seeming to be fully in control of her faculties again. Elise ceased her thrashing and they both looked at each other with confusion burning their features, and a lump forming on Miranda's temple. “What the hell?” She asked climbing off Elise, who didn't know where to begin. 
A few moments later, Elise was busy throwing a few belongings in an open suitcase on the bed as Miranda leaned in the doorway to the room, clutching her head. “What the hell happened, Elise?” Miranda half asked, half protested in pain and as she blinked in the strong light that Elise’s side lamp, flashlight and hall light emitted. Elise had thrown on every working light she could as soon as she had rushed down the hall to her room, though smashed bulbs littered the hall and Elise’s room. Malachi stood watching from the furthest point in the corridor, picking a piece of glass from his foot with irritation.
“Mir, you were floating down the frickin’ hall. Floating! You came at me, and I ran, then accidently hit you.”
“Sure you didn’t try and shoot her?” Malachi added, his tone flat and accusatory. 
“I didn’t try and shoot her, it was an accident.” Elise protested. 
Malachi raised an eyebrow to Miranda who tried to reconcile what she was hearing. Malachi stood and turned his body towards Miranda. “I can’t believe you gave her a gun.” On that note, Elise took the gun and threw it in her open top drawer, kicking it shut.
Miranda was shrugging as Elise snapped closed her bag and rushed up to her. “What are you waiting for? Pack up.” Elise urged her, then to Malachi she added: “You too. Hurry up.”
“I’m not leaving.” Malachi said sternly. “Not a chance. Everything I have is sunk into this place.”
“I’ll pay for the room; just let’s figure out what to do next.” Elise tried to reason.
Malachi just stood staring at her. “I’m not going anywhere.” he eventually said decisively.
Elise’s jaw hung open for a moment before she acknowledged she wasn’t about to change his mind. Instead of giving Miranda a chance to respond, Elise went to her room and started packing for her.  
“You don’t need to leave.” Malachi steadfastly said to Miranda who was trying to decide what was the best thing to do.
“She’s my friend, she needs me.” Miranda said weakly before she let go of the throbbing bump on her head and faced Malachi. “Besides if she says she saw something, she did.”
 “Miranda, I think some people see what they want. I like Ellie and all, but she’s bat shit crazy sometimes.” 
Miranda whipped her body around and stepped into Malachi’s space. “She is not crazy….” Miranda snapped.
Malachi put his hands up in surrender. “Sorry, I don’t mean crazy, crazy. It’s just, I think this has gone too far. Do you remember anything happening last night?”
“No, just waking up with a bump on my head the size of a…”
“Exactly, so you were sleepwalking or getting a glass of water in the middle of the night, and you get knocked out, her waving a gun around… Miranda, all I’m saying is just think about it. Elise needs some professional help.”
Elise rushed past them with a bag of Miranda’s in one hand, and her own in the other. Moments later they were in a cab, pulling away from the house as Miranda looked back up the stretch of garden that surrounded the front path at the head of which Malachi stood. Miranda had to wonder if what she was doing was the right thing after all. Maybe Elise had lost her mind. 
***
Keith would have been horrified to know that Elise had had to flee the house in the middle of the night. He would have run to her, held her and taken her with him. They could have shared a room, where she could have cried into his chest as he stroked her hair and then he would have kissed her, she would have kissed him back and said she was sorry for not seeing how much he loved her sooner. She would have regretted running, rued all the time they lost together because of her foolish fear, and thanked him for saving her from that brute of an ex of hers. That was what would have happened, or at least what Keith would have believed had he been there in one of his usual spots. Right now though, he was busy watching something else, trying to make sense out of what he might need to do next with Owen and James. He had walked off leaving the two to believe he wasn’t the least bit interested in them, but he was interested for three separate reasons. Firstly he needed to protect her, and they had clearly scared her, for that, they needed to pay. Secondly, he wanted to know what it was they were up to, as he had only heard snippets from the cupboard he had been locked in, and in the jail, but it had sounded too fantastical to be true. Lastly, and most importantly, Owen had done something, said something, that had gotten him into Elise’s home, her sanctuary, and Keith desperately wanted to know what it was that she had found appealing about him, and not about Keith. At the end of the day, whatever she wanted him to be, to do, he could be, could do, and would if it meant having her love.
Keith had followed her for six months, hiding in the shadows of the bar and the parking lot before he had summoned enough courage to take a seat in one of the well-lit areas of the club she had worked in.  Another eight months of taking photos, detailed notes, and carrying the ring in his pocket for half that time, Keith was more than well invested, and he intended to make sure Elise knew how much she meant to him, and have her say “I Do”. It might not be this week, this month, but he could wait. He had always waited; forever it seemed after the last instance with his fiancée 8 years ago. She had been a work-in-progress since high school, and when he had finally found out everything there was about her, wooed her, got her to agree to marry him, and confessed how he had followed her for all these years, she had been horrified, frightened even – of him. He couldn’t believe it. When she had nearly run from the room, she had fallen when he grabbed her, and she had had the audacity to say he had caused her to trip.
After her father and uncle had beaten him near an inch of his life he had realised that she wasn’t the one. She had been practice, and when he saw Elise walking into the club ready for her 3:00pm shift, he had known he had just practiced for her. The way her hair swept about her face, her teeth gleamed as she smiled shyly. He had loved her from the moment he saw her, and not like those leering perverts who frequented the club. He had thought she would know when she saw him, but she hadn’t, leaving Keith to realise it must be one of those fateful situations where you had to work for what you were entitled, and prove yourself to your true betrothed. Also something about that ex-boyfriend of hers had left her shut off from seeing his true self, and how they belonged together. So he had fixed that. When fate had made sure he had been let off when the evidence fell through, Keith had known it was a test, and he had been passed and rewarded for his efforts. When he finally found where Elise had run to he had laid in wait, readying to take his reward.
Keith had three places he liked to hide. The side garden area where he could press back into the bushes at night and because of the light from the inside, he could watch her in the kitchen or part of the lounge room. The second was his car, where he sat across the road, but the third was the most daring, and the one he was most proud of – above her ceiling in the crawlspace. He had deposited a sleeping bag there after the first uncomfortable night, and used the air vent to peer at her as she slept. He would place his hand on the plastering and it almost felt like they were together.
He missed the comfort of the crawlspace as he watched Owen and James share beers in their motel room as they watched a show on TV. Occasionally James would look as though he heard or saw something, then guzzle a pill, which got Keith thinking about what the two of them were really up to.
The truth was, he didn’t worry too much about them being a threat so much as getting in his way. The one he really didn’t like was Malachi. From the space above her room, Keith had had a chance to see a lot, and one of the things he had seen was Malachi call past her bedroom door on the way to his, poke his head in and watch her, or watch over her. Either, he didn’t appreciate. There was something that truly bothered Keith about Malachi, and the fact she shared drinks, games and conversations with him, let him cook her dinner, and that he cared enough to check in on her on the way to his room. That was unacceptable. If he wanted Miranda – fine, but not Elise. Elise belonged to Keith.
The twig in Keith’s hand snapped in the frustration that clenched his fists and Owen sat up as though he heard it. Keith shrank back, and as Owen peered out the window, Keith studied his features carefully, the way his chest boomed out, his eyes confidently searched the brush, fearless. Maybe that was what Elise saw in him – the confidence, the self-projection. I can do that. Keith mused.
Soon enough, Owen moved back to the security of the bed, and Keith scuttled forward in the brush. Lucky for Keith, this was a one story motel. He hated trees and scaling walls. He could do it, but disliked it immensely. In the comfort of this spot he listened in for a long while before he heard anything of interest. Owen started telling James off for taking so many pills, James protested about not being able to stand the things he saw. Keith closed his eyes so he could hear better. There was banter about ‘jobs’ they had done, exorcising demons, and trying to bring some peace to disturbances. James was tired, he said, Owen understood, but pressed forward. This was how to use their skills was the eventual decision they came to, and not for the first time by the sounds of things. Owen handed James another beer, clunked the bottles together and threw him the remote. A short while later Owen was sleeping, the TV off, and James was awake talking to himself it seemed, though he faced the corner. His words were irritated and snappy, though he seemed to regret it almost immediately. It gave Keith the creeps. James switched the TV back on and huddled down. Before he slept though, James half turned back towards the direction he had been speaking as though he heard someone speak back to him, and almost immediately James shot a look through the window directly towards where Keith crouched. Sprung, Keith left quickly, and confused. They were mad, the two of them, and he would have to keep them away from Elise at all costs.
***
In the motel room, Miranda didn’t dare close her eyes and hope to sleep. Elise paced, jotted notes down on a bunch of napkins she pulled from her pocket, and was muttering to herself. Miranda hugged her legs on the double bed they were sharing and watched intently.
“Elise,” Miranda started, “You doing OK? I mean really, you alright? I can call your mom if you want.”
Elise swivelled around. “No, no, I’m fine, but I’m just trying to work out what it said.”
“What, what said?” Miranda asked knowing the answer was not going to resemble anything she wanted to hear.
“The thing that took you over.” Elise dropped her voice at the last word and peered down at the scribbled napkins in her lap. She knew what this all sounded like, but she also knew she hadn’t imagined it.
“What have you got written down?” Miranda encouraged lightly.
“You said Korir, kourer… something like that.” Elise shuffled through her brief notes again.
“What do you think it means?” 
Elise looked back up at Miranda hopelessly. “I don’t know. There’s an award I read about in the paper that sounds a bit like it. But I don’t think it can be that.” 
Miranda eased her legs off the bed. “I knew a Richard Kourir once. Maybe it’s a name.” Elise nodded thoughtfully. 
“It could be! Or maybe it’s another language.”
Miranda turned her head questioningly. 
“The people he killed in that house, some of them were overseas students, and one was a new immigrant…” Elise trailed off as Miranda diverted her eyes. “Miranda, I know this sounds mad but I’m not imagining this. Our place is possessed or something. There are spirits in our house that are trying to hurt us.”
“Not us, you.” corrected Miranda, which stopped Elise in her tracks. “And can I say, Mal lived there for a year before we moved in and nothing – how do you explain that! You don’t even believe in ghosts, El.”
“You don’t believe me.” Elise said sadly. 
“El,” Miranda ventured, sliding further off the bed. The tone caught Elise’s attention and she swallowed hard. “I’m having a lot of trouble with this, but what I think has happened is those bastards that broke in the other night, and seeing Keith, well, it’s sent you into a tailspin. And after what happened, I’m not surprised you’re seeing things.” 
Elise snapped at the comment immediately. “I’m not seeing things!”
Miranda took a step back and both were silent. There was a long pause as Elise and Miranda met gazes.
“I’m not crazy.” Elise said softly, determination borne on her face. 
A hard lump came up in Miranda’s throat as she continued on. “I have always done the right thing and stood by you, I love you like my sister – if I had one – El, I would take a bullet for you, but right now I think that the best thing I can do for you is take a stand for what’s real, what makes sense.”
Elise felt her chin wobble and she sucked in her bottom lip to cover it, but there was very little she could do about the water glassing her eyes. Miranda stood. “Miranda, don’t.” was all Elise could muster up to say.
“I am going back, and you can come join me when you realise there is nothing wrong... there.”
“Please, please don’t go back there. If you go back, something terrible is going to happen.” Elise stood to meet her friend eye to eye. “I couldn’t bear it if something happened to you.”
Miranda reached out to hug Elise. “Nothing bad is going to happen to me El, at least nothing spooky-bad. Please come back with me.”
Elise baulked and pulled away. “If you had seen what I’ve seen…”
“Really. Ask yourself what you’ve seen. It’s stress – that’s all it is. C’mon Ellie, come back to me. I miss you.”
Elise sniffed as tears trickled down her cheeks and she lowered her head. Miranda kissed her on the forehead, then left her standing in the room, took her bag up from the floor where she had left it and opened the door. Looking back at Elise, she tried not to choke as she spoke, and hoped desperately she was doing the right thing. “See you soon sweetie.” she said as brightly as she could, before she left.
As soon as Miranda had closed the door behind her, Elise stopped crying, and, realising she was in over her head, thought carefully about what she could do next. Maybe she didn’t realise it, but Miranda was going to need help if she was going back into the house, and Elise didn’t know where to start, but she knew who did. Elise needed to find Owen, and soon. 
Chapter 11
Elise walked out of the police station puzzled. They had been released, all of them. Why hadn’t she been told? She walked from the front doors and stood, momentarily unsure of where to try next. The café where she met Owen perhaps? The bookshop he met up with her in? Elise frowned as she thought to herself that Owen had probably simply stalked her there anyhow. There was probably no reason he would have been there other than to see her, and walk home with her to try and get into her house. Elise squeezed her eyes shut remembering how she had run from him like a lunatic, when really it looked more and more like he had actually wanted to help her somehow.
Opening her eyes again, Elise took an emboldened step out towards the curb, and headed through town desperately searching for any sign of him. While she was randomly searching, she would do the next best thing she could think of and call past the motels and local hotel, give a description of Owen and of James, and perhaps that would work. Elise was guessing of course that he didn’t live locally to begin with, or know someone that did. It was the best chance she had, she reasoned.
By midday though, Elise doubted her theory. Not only had she been everywhere across town giving out descriptions of Owen and James, she had moved from being initially embarrassed at her description of a blue-eyed, tall, good-looking guy, travelling with another, more serious, lean friend in his early thirties, to simply spitting out the specifications. All with no success.
As Elise left the last of the string of motels and caravan parks she had systematically eliminated as a means of finding Owen, her phone beeped from the black satchel bag that hung on her hip and Elise rummaged for it. Miranda had messaged her: ‘Hope you’re OK El’ it read ‘See you at home tonight – I’ll make dinner’. Elise snapped the handset shut. She wanted to go home but she couldn’t. Not even for Miranda, not before she knew more about what was going on.
Shielding her vision from the midday sun, Elise decided to go back to her motel and come up with Plan B, but tired of walking; she flagged a passing taxi and climbed in the back. On the way to the motel, Elise stared out the window at the passers-by, the thousands of bodies and faces that didn’t match who she was looking for. Even as the taxi pulled up to her motel, Elise was in a daze, barely taking in her surroundings as she rounded the corner, fishing her keys out of her bag. Only the scent of cigarette smoke wafting through the air caught her attention, and as she screwed up her nose, she lifted her head only to see James ahead of her, cigarette hanging from his lips as he muttered a swearword at the key jamming in the lock.
Elise froze. Somehow now she was face-to-face with exactly who she was looking for and she didn’t know what to do.
James suddenly stopped and turned his head towards Elise.
For a suspended minute in time the two of them looked at each other not saying anything. With a sudden flurry, and on instinct, Elise turned and fled, James right on her heel. “Elise.” She heard her name and stopped running. James was about 300 metres behind her, and behind him, the door he had been struggling with opened and Owen, a towel wrapped about him and his hair dripping wet, stepped onto the landing. “It’s alright Elise.” James soothed.
Once she had ventured back, Elise came face-to-face with James and took him in for the first time since their violent meeting the other night. “Something happened.” Elise mustered, to which James nodded and turned gesturing towards the motel room door. Elise walked past Owen and into their room, before choosing a spot on the end of one of the beds to perch. She was far from convinced that these two were safe, but it was the middle of the day, and they knew something about her situation she desperately needed to know.
“Of all the places to be, you were at the same damn motel I was.” Elise said trying to sound light hearted though the words strained in her throat.
Owen ducked in to the bathroom he obviously had run from when he heard James call out. “Good job, James” he called from the half open doorway as he pulled his clothes on. “None of your friends could tell you she was here?”
James watched Elise unwavering in his gaze as he responded: “Back off Ow.”
“You’ve been taking the pills again.” Owen called again just before he stepped from the doorway and dropped himself on to the bed opposite Elise and started pulling his socks on.
“You know you sound surprised every time.” James finally broke his watch on Elise and moved about the room collecting items and tossing them in a small suitcase – a couple of books, a pair of boots, a book with notes and a few jammed photos in it.
“You were looking for us, huh?” Owen asked, looking over Elise intently.
“I need help.”
“Really? From us?” Owen’s tone was clearly sarcastic. “No more calling the cops on us then?”
Elise stood. “Never mind, I should have known better.” She stomped to the door and had her fingers about the handle when Owen stood behind her.
“Wait.” His voice was less accusing. “What happened?” Elise turned back and rested against the door to brace her.
“Miranda got taken over by something. I nearly killed her, and now, she’s gone back to that… that house!” The emotion was running high in Elise’s voice now.
Owen took a few steps forward. “What exactly happened?”
“I heard a noise, it woke me up, and she was there in the corridor, but it wasn’t her. She was floating….” Elise paused. “Oh my God, I am mad.” She took a few breaths before looking up at Owen. “It’s not in my head.” she insisted.
“No.” Owen affirmed. “What else?” he prompted her.
“She chased me yelling kourer, or something like that. Courier.”
“Courir.” James said with an accent. Elise looked at him in genuine surprise given the way he had said it was exactly as Miranda had. “Run.” James added.
“What?” Elise asked.
“It’s French for run. As in run away.” James sat on the edge of the desk at the side of the room. “A French backpacker was amongst those bodies discovered in your house.”
“It was telling me to run?” Elise queried.
“She was telling you to run.” James corrected. He hated the loss of identity that came with the dead. They were quickly forgotten as defined beings and razed to ‘it’s and ‘theys’ and ‘things’.
“You sense them?” Elise said with horror stuck awe.
“He does more than that.” Owen said, “We both do, and we can help you.”
Elise looked back up at Owen, disbelief resounding with confusion in her voice. “How? How can you help me?”
“Take us back in and we can set the spirits free.”
“How?” she asked again.
“We’ve learned a few tricks over time. We go in, draw them out, bind them to the one place, and either try and communicate with them, or send them on their way.”
“Their way?”
“Wherever they need to be.” James urged to support Owen’s explanation. To Elise’s silence James responded by looking up and whistling a quick high note, swiftly followed by looking down and using a low whistle tone.
“Do we have to?” Elise asked, and both Owen and James looked at each other confused.
“What did you have in mind?” Owen asked, curious.
“I don’t want to save them… or release them, or whatever….”
“Then why go back?” James asked her.
“I need to get Miranda out of there. You can do whatever you want to, but I just want to go get her. But I don’t want to go inside.”
“So go back and get her.” challenged Owen.
Silence greeted him while Elise thought over what she was going to say. “She won’t listen to me.” Owen smirked which only incensed her. “What, you always listen to him?” Elise gestured at James who raised an eyebrow.
“Yes, actually.” Owen said slowly. “That’s what friends do.”
Irritated, Elise looked at her feet. “Yeah, well, Miranda’s a force of nature you know…” Elise trailed off.
“So make her listen.” Owen crossed his arms. “Go there; tell her if she’s really your friend, she’ll….”
“I can’t go back there!” Elise interrupted. 
“Well we can’t just go in there alone can we?!” Owen retorted. Elise shuffled nervously.
“Why won’t you go back in?” James asked her, knowing there was more to the story.
Owen answered before Elise had the opportunity. “I’ll tell you. Your legs feel like they weigh a tonne, your stomach lurches, and you break into a cold sweat, you can’t breathe.” As he spoke, Elise knew he was right.
Blinking away tears, Elise looked back at Owen. “How come you know so much about me?”
Shaking his head confused, Owen furrowed his brow. “I don’t know anything about you. Most people have this reaction.”
“I thought you meant something else.” Elise was confused herself now, and a new admirer of Owen’s fearlessness. “Not you.” she said, half a question, half an observation. “You’re not scared”.
“I used to.”
“So how come you came looking for me. I thought you came because of my past.”
“Your past? I don’t know anything about your past. I just wanted in your house.”
“What past?” James asked.
Elise was beginning to realise she was reading a lot of things wrong lately. She had thought Owen was interested in getting close to her, but it was the house, and she had thought he knew she was too scared to go back because of everything that happened with Keith, and having him on the loose, going back to that house made her feel vulnerable and helpless. Elise had become so self-involved since that night her ex had been killed that she was missing the facts.
In response to James’ question, Elise simply shook her head and distracted from the question she was sick of answering. “How do you know what you know?” she turned back to James. “How can you see them?”
James pressed his lips into a thin line. “It’s a gift.” he said sarcastically. 
“Doesn’t sound much like a gift.” she observed.
James looked up puzzled at her frank response. Most people were wide eyed and awestruck; verbal with their praises of this ‘talent’ he had, and then, only because they could not actually experience what he did. Not Elise. She understood the gravity, perhaps more so, he reasoned, because she had her own ghosts.
Elise struggled nervously to make conversation “How did you meet? Craig’s List?”, the joke fell flat, but it served its purpose, with everyone easing back into themselves more. Elise stood, and took the rickety chair that sat under the window, James sat on his bed and Owen took up his keys from the bench.
“It’s a long story, but James is good at crib notes.” Owen gave a light punch to James’ arm and proceeded out the door, nonchalantly leaving it wide open, suiting his laissez faire demeanour. Elise couldn’t help but stare after him, envious at his careless, confident air, and hypnotised by the way his body swaggered in tempo with his own beat. When she directed her attention back to James she blushed at the hint of a smile he had at her lengthy gaze after Owen.
“He really is one of the good guys, y’know. I had trouble trusting people at first, but he doesn’t seem to care much for that, so it has a way of making you not care so much too.”
“Sounds like a real odd couple heaven.”
James slouched his head to the side and shrugged. “Closest thing I ever had to family.”
“I get that. Miranda and I… we’ve been like sisters since we met.”
“If she means so much, how come you let her go back?”
“I…” Elise started but wasn’t sure how to finish.
“You’re ex,” James interjected for her. “He died.” Elise nodded. “You think it’s your fault.” Her lip trembled now.
“Can you see him?” she half whispered.
“Do you?” James half whispered back.
“No.”
“Then rest easy. Most spirits tend to get bound to the place their body lies, or where they died.”
“Most.” Elise responded hesitantly.
“Very rarely, if there is a real need somehow, they can manifest around people.”
“Why would they do that?”
“To get something done – revenge, fear for a loved one, portend…”
Elise was still.
“That’s not what’s happening at your house.” James comforted.
“It’s not my house.” After another second or two Elise continued, “I want to go back, I just get this feeling…” she looked up at James, “Understand?”
“Why do you think I take so many pills? They block it out, so I don’t get that feeling. That sense of death suffocating you, reaching out for you.”
“At least you can do something about it.”
“Yes I can. Owen and I teamed up about eight years ago when Eleanor – she looked after me – she set us up together on a job.”
“Looked after – is she..?”
“Yeah, she’s gone, but she’s happy. She missed her husband.” James looked miserable as he searched through his thoughts. “She was the only one who accepted me, really. She took me to all these spiritualists and mediums and stuff, to teach me to do something with this …”
“Skill.” Elise finished for him.
“Skill.” James re-iterated. “She gave me a life. Like Owen.”
“What about your family.”
“I have no one else.” James said frankly. Owen strode back in, closing the door behind him, and cutting James’ seriousness off.
“Sheez.” Owen said as he looked at the two, before turning to James. “Life of the party aren’t you.”
“It’s my other gift.” James retorted as Owen flung a duffel bag on to the bed next to James.
Owen ripped it open to reveal a contents unlike Elise had ever seen. With deftness, Owen started unpacking glass bottles with cork stoppers with liquids and powders, plastic baggies with ground powders of every colour imaginable, and a cash of candles, lighters, and a few random pieces. Elise peered interested into the bag, and over the contents sprawled across the bed. Owen looked up at her. “We’re going to take you through some of this stuff before we go in tonight. So you know what to expect, yeah?”
“Yeah.” Elise responded hoping she sounded as confident as she tried to sound.
Owen picked up a large bottle with a cork stopper in it and a clear liquid sloshed about. “This here is your standard holy water, good for cleansing, uncovering baddies and, if short-handed, a bit of a weapon to dispel the unwanted.” After placing it back down, Owen picked up a collection of small woven bags, dangling together by a string. “Mojo bags,” he said dismissively as if she knew what that meant. “A pulpice – that’s something I made myself, keep this close, and if you need a sudden burst of energy, talisman, talisman, obsidian crystal, lodestone,…” he continued on as he rummaged about the items in front of them. “Ah!” he exclaimed pulling out a series of Tupperware containers of varying sizes filled with white crystals. “Salt – this is a staple for protection, casting circles, banishments, and very handy when mixed with this…” He produced a vial and shook it. “Ash.” he declared.
Elise picked up a piece of chalk attached to a long string and screwed up her nose.
James explained. “It’s to draw circles. You stand in the circle, you’re safe – the string makes it so it’s even, and doesn’t end up an oval.” Elise nodded and picked up a black wooden vial suspended on a string. “Watch that!” James cautioned and she immediately let the item slip from her fingers.
“Goofer dust…” Owen said as he picked it up and tucked it into his jacket pocket. “That shouldn’t be laying around. This is some bad mojo stuff, strictly only use as necessary, but can come in handy if they do decide to get violent…”.
“Why are they violent?”
“Same reasons we are… frustration, anger, just being nasty.” James indicated as he took two small sized salt containers and a vial of ash, placing them into his jacket pockets. He picked up a black piece of what looked like molten lava and held it out to Elise. “Keep this on you when things feel bad, it’s supposed to suck up bad energy.”
“And you’re just going to go in, throw some of this stuff around and then that’s it?”
“There’s a bit more of an art to it. We have to draw them to a central location. I’ll do that with the salt and ash mix, once we get them inside that back room…”.
“Mal’s study?” Elise remarked of the back room. When she had been running from Owen he had wanted to keep her away from that room, the one with the infernal knocking, the door under the stairs and all the old memorabilia.
“The room he killed them in. It used to be his room.”
“I don’t even know who he is. Mal told us some kid moved in with his Aunt and Uncle, then grew up there doing some black magic rites or something, and then went naa-naa and killed a bunch of people.”
“His name was Frank Evans. That, and what you said, is all I know.”
“That’s it? I thought you’d have some huge back-story.”
“I just get my leads and follow them.” Owen shot her a winning smile and Elise couldn’t help but respond.
“Just like that. Once more unto the breach.”
Owen laughed. “Something like that.” He paused and then sought to explain further. “I have some underground contacts that give me tips on where things are lurking, places with a history, and hotbeds of activity.”
“Why not.” Elise said, her mind already too far blown not to accept what they were saying. “’Spose witches, werewolves, that’s all real too.”
“There’s a whole other world out there, but I’m yet to come across any werewolves.”
“Never say never, eh.” Elise responded before she smacked both her hands on her legs and stood up again. “I’m going to need a drink.”
“We can help with that too.” James brought out a half bottle of Vodka from beside the bed, and Elise rifled in the cabinet next to her and found two dusty glasses, and a mug. James poured a measure of vodka into each receptacle and after the first giant gulp, Elise took off her jacket.
James topped up her glass again and watched her suspiciously. “You sure you’re ok?”
“I think so. I am either about to go in and help rid a house of ghouls that possessed my friend with two ghost-hunters, or I’m losing my mind completely, so hey, what’s the harm in teaming up with a couple of fellow psychotics on the road to glory. Either way, I’m doing just fine.”
“Good for you.” Owen grinned and finished his drink. “Come sunset, we’ll be on our way. In the meantime, lunch is on me.”
James stood though. “I’ll go. You two stay.” Owen looked at James surprised. “I need the air.” James held out a hand, palm up. When Owen stared at it, James rubbed his fingers together indicating he was waiting for cash. “You said lunch was on you.”
Owen pulled out his wallet and slapped it in James’ hand, and less than a minute later he was gone, leaving Elise and Owen alone.
“I have to ask,” Owen said immediately after the door shut. “What’s with the guy we tied up – Keith?”
Elise had almost forgotten about the looming threat that was Keith in the wake of all the other mind-boggling information she had uploaded that day. “Keith is a crazy son of a bitch who developed this fantasy about who I was, who we were. I never even knew him until that night… the night my ex died. He killed him, or at least it looks like that, but they let him go anyway.”
“So where would he be now then? You think he’ll get in the way?”
Elise sat forward in her seat, cradling her drink. “I ran so far to get away from him, and he followed me all this way, found me – I don’t know how – so do I think he’s gone off tail between his legs never to be seen again? No. But I’m so sick of looking over my shoulder. I just don’t know what to do about it.” 
“Miranda’s a good friend then, coming across the country with you, helping you start again.”
“Miranda’s the best. She’s amazing. I know I wouldn’t have put up with me for so long. I should be so much more, I should be stronger, should be something, but I just stopped when Keith did what he did.”
“You stopped?” Owen asked.
“Everything stopped.” Elise said haplessly.
“For what it’s worth, I think you’re plenty strong. Not everyone can take the news that there are dead people all around them. Much easier to say people are mentally unbalanced, or on drugs, or whatever lets them sleep through the night.”
“Thanks.” Elise looked back at the finger of vodka left in her glass, and raised it in the air. “To crazy.”
“To crazy.” Owen clunked his glass with hers and they drank, just in time for James to arrive back, with a brown paper bag smelling of greasy chips. They ate quickly, silently, and eventually there was nothing left but to get up and go. Elise was feeling a rising sense of optimism at seeing Miranda again soon.
As Owen cleaned up the bags and wrappers though, she couldn’t help but share a pang of worry that remained. “What if something happens? What if I get possessed or something?” Elise pulled on her jacket as she spoke, but without flinching, Owen took out a texter and rolled up Elise’s sleeve. On her arm Owen sketched an image made up of several symbols until a fairly likeable pattern emerged.
“Now you don’t have to worry.” Elise stared down at the pattern as Owen explained. “It’s a sigil, a compilation of meaningful marks placed together in a kind of protective spell. There’s heaps of different types for hiding, for protection, for strength….” 
“So why don’t you wear one?”
Owen shrugged. “Don’t need one, I have luck on my side.”
“He has it tattooed on his back.” James said snidely, zipping up his own jacket.
“If that fails, remember why Miranda means so much to you.”
“Then let’s go set some spirits free of their bonds shall we?” Elise offered and the three left together.
Chapter 12
“I see you’ve brought friends.” Malachi said distastefully as he stepped outside the door and closed it behind him. At first when he had opened the door, Malachi had sported a big smile at seeing Elise’s face but as soon as he had widened the gap in the door to reveal James and Owen, his face had twisted into an angry scowl. When Elise had taken a step forward to enter, Malachi had cut her off stepping through the doorway and half closing it behind him. Now they stood facing each other, Malachi casting nervous sideways glances at the two men, while addressing Elise.
“I know it’s hard to understand Mal, but these guys can help.”
“No – they are the guys we had to call the cops on two nights ago. What the hell ‘Lise?” Malachi let a lingered glance lay on the duffle bag Owen was carrying, before sizing up James as he stood, near-shaven head glinting in the setting sun.  
Elise glanced at the door sitting partially ajar behind Malachi.
“They’re good people.” Elise started to plead to which Malachi simply crossed his arms and started shaking his head. “Something is happening here, and these guys have done this stuff before. They can fix it.”
“They run rackets, they aren’t going to fix anything, just take your money.”
Owen shifted on his feet. “Er… we’re not getting paid.”
Malachi bit back at him. “Then how are you funding this operation? Good will?”
“Sometimes we get lucky; people are grateful and help us out.” Owen replied causing Elise to think twice about their motives. She shook off the fleeting thought, though, and decided to stand her ground. She couldn’t see Miranda through the crack in the door, and she was tired of trying to perpetually explain her case.
“It’s not going to cause any harm now is it, to let them in?” Elise reasoned. “Just let them do what they do then go.” She paused while she considered her draw card. “I do live here too you know.”
“It’s my house.” Malachi reminded her bluntly.
Elise took another step forward. “It’s not safe here. You have to know that. Just, let’s try.” 
“Elise,” Malachi’s voice softened. “I’ll take care of you. Come inside with Miranda and I, and we’ll sort this out. You don’t need these charlatans.” Malachi reached out to grasp Elise’s arm, and as he did the door slammed shut behind him causing Elise to jump, and Malachi to scowl once more.
“Nah, you don’t need us at all.” Owen said smugly.	
Malachi narrowed his eyes. “It was just the wind. Bad timing, that’s all.” He turned again to Elise. “Wha’d’you say. Come inside?”
“You scared of something?” James spoke up.
“What?” Malachi responded.
“You have to have seen or sensed something. Even right now they are everywhere.” James looked through one of the windows as he spoke. “One with dark hair, one red head, one with purple highlights, two men with brown and black hair… there’s so many, all trying to say something. All crying out to be heard.” James turned back to Malachi. “You really haven’t heard or seen anything?”
“No, but while we’re playing make believe, what is it exactly that you think they are saying? And why has it taken them so long?”
“I can’t tell what they’re saying exactly. Something’s blocking them.” James shot a glance back to one of the spirits, his blonde hair mussed, tear tracks set in his whiter-than-white face, and a wide stitch across his mouth. It was metaphorical, James knew. This hadn’t actually happened to him, but this was the only way he could communicate to James that he was being held back, unable to say what he needed to, trapped in a nightmare.
“That’s convenient. You can see them, but can’t tell what they’re saying.”  Malachi observed.
“It’s alright to be scared.” Elise added to sooth Malachi, his nervousness reflected in his agitated movement, the constant tapping of his leg a distraction from the rest of the scene.
“I’m not scared.” insisted Malachi, and Elise realised for his own good, she was going to have to get tougher. A low rumble emerged from the darkening sky and a flash of lightning spread its spidery fingers across the skies above, threatening its power.
Elise steeled her voice. “Are you going to let me in Mal? Or am I calling the sheriff’s department to get my stuff back?” Owen and James looked suitably impressed as Malachi ground his jaw. 
With no further protest, Malachi turned, opened the door and took a step inside.
Walking in, Elise noticed how dark it was getting and half turned back to Malachi “Where’s Miranda?” she asked, as she kept walking further into the house.
Malachi was less than impressed as he held the door open for James and Owen, and it was all he could do not to snap. “How would I know? I’m not her keeper.”
As he closed the door behind them, Elise switched on a light in the lounge room and Malachi faced James whose features danced in the half light.
“So what’s your story?” Malachi asked of him, crossing his arms defensively again. “Near death experience left you able to commune with the dead? Let me guess, car crash or drowning?”
“Neither.” James revealed without concern. “My mother visited me and let me see.”
“Your mother?” Malachi asked keenly interested all of a sudden.
“She was dead at the time.” James said as he started to pace about the room, placing his hand on the wall.
“Dead?” Rain started pounding against the house, lightly at first, then beating down more profusely.
Owen turned to Elise as he threw his bag on the coffee table and unzipped it. He clearly wasn’t Malachi’s greatest fan. “Wow, he likes to repeat things a lot doesn’t he?” Elise frowned. “Just saying.”
James continued, unphased. “Well, whatever she was. Now I get to go round meeting people like you in my spare time.” 
“Some hobby.” Malachi noted.
Elise separated from the others and moved down the corridor. “This back room was where the knocking came from.”
As she strode down the corridor, both Owen and James called out: “NO!” causing her to stop in her tracks.
“What is it?” she asked. 
“Don’t go in that end room…” James said as he stared past Elise at the door, behind which shadows darted under the gap between the door and the floor.
“I already did, with Miranda.” Elise said with anxiety in her tone.
“That’s probably what made her susceptible to being taken over.” Owen observed as Elise walked slowly back down the corridor, peering behind her at the door at the end of the hall.
Malachi audibly scoffed. “I’ve been in that room hundreds of times. All over the house in fact, and nothing’s ever possessed me.”
“Great, so you’re the first one we’ll send in when we call them forth.”
Malachi’s head snapped around. “Call them forth?” Panic rode his voice and the other three all looked at him with curiosity. “Should you do that?”
“We should.” Owen replied curious at Malachi’s reaction. Even now, he was looking about with an almost fearful expression on his face. “Thought you didn’t believe.”
Elise interjected then. “I don’t want to do anything until we have Miranda safe. We need to find her first. She said I should come over tonight, so she’s got to be here.” Elise looked at Malachi, worry clear on her face. The storm was building in momentum, and only highlighted the tense emotions.
Owen broke her stare. “We don’t need to wait. That way, by the time she’s back, we can be done.” Owen turned to James. “What can you tell now you’re inside?”
“Same as last time, there are several spirits here, they have been trying to make contact but…” James closed his eyes as he stopped talking, the sound of muffled cries nearly unbearable. The place the handprint was burned into his chest throbbed and squeezed. The pills were well and truly out of his system now, and the two worlds were merging.  
“But what?” Owen asked as he came closer, a vial of ash, a container of salt and one white candle clutched to him.
James forced open his lids to focus on Owen, a serious expression accompanying the pitch he compelled into his voice. “The spirit of the one who murdered them is still here. It’s holding them back… with difficulty.”
“So we release them all, it shouldn’t matter anymore.” Owen stated. James nodded and pulled out a couple of containers from his jacket pockets as he stood next to Owen, both of them staring down the hallway at the door at the end of the corridor. “You ready?” Owen asked of James.
“As ever.” James said before they started the long walk towards the door at the end of the corridor, Elise staring behind them, her breath hitching in her throat.
Owen and James were halfway down the corridor when the second kitchen door swung open and Malachi stepped into the hall between them and the door, a borderline hysterical expression and air about him. James stopped in his tracks, but Owen kept walking.  
“That’s enough, this is ridiculous.” Malachi protested. “You are not going in there, doing anything, nothing! Do you hear? This is my house. So you two get out, and Elise, if you aren’t going to see sense – get your stuff and out you go too!”
By the time he finished his rant, Owen was upon him, simply knocking him to the side as he pressed his large frame forward. Malachi slid down the wall as he stumbled, his face reddening at the humiliation. Owen grasped the handle, pushed open the door and in a moment was pulling up the small rug that covered the floor. James joined him at this point and started spreading out salt in a circle as Owen fixed a candle in the middle with molten wax. Elise watched transfixed.
As they did this, Malachi rose to his feet, disappearing into the kitchen in a rage. James stood back and admired his work just in time for Malachi to return carrying a small saucepan, raising it above his head, and swinging towards the back of James’ head. Owen and Elise both saw it coming, but only Owen managed to yell out in warning. Even as James spun around, flinching, they knew it was too late, what they hadn’t expected was for Malachi’s legs to fly back behind him, and him to fall forward on his head, skull smacking the ground as the pan he was holding clunked to a deadened end as it rolled in a semicircle from Malachi’s lax fingers. A stunned silence ensued.
Malachi lay, unconscious, bleeding, his head swelling in response to the trauma, and then ever so slowly at first, he began to slide backwards into the kitchen. Elise ran for him, James, the closest, lunged for Malachi, and caught hold of his hands, tugging as Elise pushed open the door fully trying to see who had done this, though she suspected, with little doubt, it was Keith.
Elise pushed the door open and peered in to the darkened kitchen struggling to focus. She saw the rope, the same one used to tie up Keith a couple of days ago. It led from Malachi’s limp feet, through the kitchen door. What she saw took her breath away, the rope, stretching in to the darkness and upwards, hanging in mid-air at the ends. As Elise inhaled sharply, struggling to comprehend what she saw, a flash of lightning lashed out in the background to the beating rain, and lit up a figure, eyes dark, head lowered and features tormented, holding the ends of the rope. It screeched in time with the thunder roll, and Elise screamed in response, hurtling herself down the corridor and past James’ outstretched arm that sought to catch her. He knew the instinct well, to run, to hide, even if you thought it was hopeless.
Elise ducked straight past James, of course, running the length of the corridor before something in her peripheral vision slowed her as she came to the base of the stairs. The movement caused her skin to numb, goose bumps to form on her already prickled skin, but even as her mind made sense of the shape and form, it was too late to stop running, her momentum propelling her forward and straight into the waiting arms of Keith who had just run down the stairs. She screamed again, and braced her arms to try and brake free of his hold, but he held her tight, pinning her arms to her, shh-ing into her ear as she twisted to free herself.
Before she even knew what was happening, Owen was there, charging down on Keith, raising an arm to king hit him into submission, but then, Keith freed one of his vice like arms and in the next instant, before Owen had time to strike out, Keith rose the gun Elise had left in her bedside draw and pointed it straight at Owen.
“No!” Elise yelled. “No more!” her voice was rough and throaty, the change causing Keith to release his stronghold on her. She staggered a few paces backwards, and stared Keith down, menace in her voice, and on her features.
Keith looked legitimately surprised, losing all interest in Owen, even lowering the weapon to turn to Elise. “Don’t worry honey,” her eye twitched in response to the nickname. “I saw what happened, I just want to help. I just want to help. They’re your friends, right. I want to make things OK.” Keith put the gun in his back cargo pants pocket, Owen backed away a step.
“Do you know where Miranda is?” Elise asked the question but dreaded the response either way. The absence of her friend was beginning to cause bile to rise in her throat.
Having pulled Malachi into the corridor and lain him on his side, James joined them. “Did you say you saw what happened?” he asked. “What part?”
“Everything.” Keith responded, clearly looking for allies.
Owen darkened. “How? The back window? Can you even see for the bushes behind it?”
Elise realised something that made her stomach churn. “He came from upstairs. That’s my gun from my dresser.” A new iciness crawled across her skin. “How did you get into my room Keith.”
Suddenly defensive again, Keith straightened. “I…” though the words did not come.
“He’s been in your room on and off for a couple of weeks.” The voice came from behind them all. Malachi clutched his head, and was groaning as he rose to a seated position. “I noticed things not where we left them, doors opened, and some of the tiles shifted from the roof when I was up last week. Didn’t know what it was until last week when he showed up. I saw him sneak in the house when I was upstairs. Then he was arrested, I figured it was all over.”
“Why didn’t you tell me?” Elise asked stunned.
“You had enough to worry about.” Malachi answered. “Given he was arrested, I thought – what’s the point?”
“Freak.” Owen muttered.
“Why, ‘cause I found love. You’re the freak, hanging out with a pill popping psychic, and dead people. Call me the freak. I know what I want.”
“But,” ground out Owen, “She doesn’t… want … you.” It was Keith’s turn for his eye to tic.
Malachi snickered. “I think you’re all freaks.”
Finding her feet, Elise moved over to Malachi and helped him stand.
As if on cue, the lights faded off and on.
“No more time.” James cautioned Owen, and immediately they both moved in unison, Owen casting one more look behind him.
“You going to behave yourself.” Owen more instructed than asked. 
Keith glared back, “The judge said we should look out for each other. This is me doing that.” It was a reference that was lost on Elise and Malachi, but both James and Owen understood the ramifications. Keith had been released with them for a purpose, but as much as the purpose might be to help them, it could just as much be a cruel joke, or a set up. For now, though, their efforts were focussed on getting the job done, and the quicker the better as there had already been enough delays.
Malachi didn’t even try to stop them now, though registered his contempt through a malevolent stare as he leaned against a nearby wall and watched them work. Elise and Keith moved closer still, but remained watching through the doorway.
“Elise,” James asked matter of fact, “Can you get some water – spring water if you have, if not boiled will do.” Elise nodded and hesitantly headed to the kitchen, passing Keith who stared after her.
Elise was in no hurry to go into the kitchen alone though, and her steps faltered at the doorway. Malachi saw the indecision and immediately moved forward the same time Keith did, only Elise never looked to Keith. “I could use some ice.” Malachi referenced, and the two ventured into the kitchen leaving Keith at the doorway.
As James and Owen prepared themselves, Owen drew closer to his friend. “We need water now?”
“I didn’t want to say anything when she was here, but what did Miranda look like?”
Owen’s heart sank. “Why past tense?”
“There is someone else, a girl…” James’ sight flickered to the corner of the room. “She hasn’t been here as long as the others...”.
Elise’s voice sounded out unexpectedly. “What do you mean? What are you saying?” She stood with two different types of spring water in her hands. “What are you saying? She’s dead?” Elise dropped the water, horrified at what she was hearing.
“I don’t know that.” James said. “All I see is young, brunette, tall. She likes to dance… but I can’t tell anymore yet.”
“She died recently?” Elise asked.
“Yes.” supplied James. Owen watched the to-and-fro with a welling sympathy for Elise as she tried not to cry.
“How recent? How can you tell?”
“You don’t want to know.” admitted James. How could he explain that the rage, the decay, the mindlessness escalated with the age, and the woman he had seen had still been confused, trying to make sense of where she was and why. That only happened with new spirits.
Elise flung around, and lashed out at Keith, only just being held back by Malachi and Owen who hadn’t even waited to side-step the circle they had made. His boots scuffed the circle and knocked the candle from its place as he reached Elise in time to stop her from connecting with Keith.
Keith in the meantime was trying to lean in to re-assure Elise it wasn’t him when at the same time, Malachi grabbed the gun from Keith’s pocket and trained it on him. Keith stood back, threw his hands up and gave an aggrieved look at the others.
“You son-of-a-bitch, how could you!” Elise yelled as she flailed about, and eventually dropped, sobbing to the floor in Owen’s arms.
“You don’t know, Elise.” He assured her. “It could be someone else.”
Elise calmed, and stood, wiping away tears.
Minutes later, Keith again was tied to a chair in the kitchen, Elise helping to secure the knots. As she tightened the last knot, she leaned in and a shudder overcame Keith as she did so, the combination of her closeness and her ire, proving too much for him.
Elise practically hissed at him. “I’m only not killing you because I don’t know she’s dead or not, or if you did it, but if we find her…” Elise’s voice cracked. “I’m coming back for you.” Owen and Malachi watched silently as Elise stalked away and to the back room where James had fixed the circle and was ready to begin.
“What are we expecting? Fireworks, screaming masses?” Malachi asked having lost none of his spitefulness in the events of the last few minutes.
“Lights flashing, things moving, coldness.” Owen spoke for James who was concentrating. He turned to Elise. “You OK?”
“We’ll see.” Elise remarked.
James began by calling out to the house. “Hear me, beings within, lost of life, I call you. Come to me.” Owen lit the candle.
“Done this show before, eh?” Malachi teased, only to be jabbed by Elise’s elbow.
“Spirits come, converge here and be of my words.” James’ voice rang out with a strength that was incompatible with his usual demeanour. A wind blew through the house, catching papers that fluttered about the room. A chill took over the room, and the chair in the corner rocked, knocking against the plaster of the wall in an agitated rhythm. A shrieking sound wailed about them and the candle wavered, swayed and then struggled to stay lit. 
James started speaking in a foreign language. “Latin.” Owen advised Elise over the din. “He’s telling them to free themselves, to return to their ancestors, and be at peace.”
James extended an arm, opened a palm, and drew down towards the circle. “Leave and be released!” James closed his fist, the wind died down and all of a sudden, the candle burned through its wick at an immense rate, pools of wax settling at its base, when at the end, the wick met the floor and burned out completely. Then everything was quiet.
“That was almost too easy.” James said nervously. “I don’t think it went right.”
“Maybe it’s just getting easier for you.” Owen offered. 
In the distance and sudden stillness, the sound of a phone rang out. It was foreign in this house where so many electronic tools failed to work properly, and it caught Elise off guard. It was the sound of her mobile phone. Elise dashed to find it vibrating about the coffee table. It was Miranda’s number.
With trembling hands, Elise picked up the phone, flipped it open and held it to her ear. There was a quiet at the end, with a stillness Elise dreaded. “H-hello?” Heavy breath met her on the other end. “Miranda?” Elise chocked up. “Please?” she begged. Another ragged breath. Malachi, James, Owen and Keith all watched wide eyed as Elise put the call on speaker.  
Finally, Miranda’s pained voice sounded out. “He’s still here…”.
Chapter 13
When the phone crackled and suddenly went dead, Elise felt something pop in her eye, the pressure of the stress, and fear for Miranda proving too much. Elise, at first, hit the screen of her phone urgently, willing the number to connect back with Miranda’s phone but, as before, there was no connection; so instead she stalked up to Keith, and smacked him across the face, yelling as she did. “It was you, you bastard, where is she?!” Owen had made a minor move to intervene before sitting back down deciding it was unlikely to be worth his while. He watched Elise with curiosity and reflection, knowing she cared as much about her friend as he did about his. Owen looked slowly over to where James stood, taking it all in as he shuffled from one foot to the other, clearly agitated, and not just by the phone call.
James had said that he thought it had been too easy, and the thought was obviously lingering as he was actually searching about him, looking for something. That wasn’t something James usually did. He avoided seeing the dead, never sought them out. Registering this made Owen suddenly unsettled, so he stood and decided to intervene in Elise and Keith’s one-sided interaction, a sense of urgency suddenly taking him over. James was right – there was something not quite right, something building in the air, a tension, an energy, a purpose.
“Elise,” Owen eased a hand on to one of Elise’s that still clasped Keith’s collar.
Elise swung around, batting Owen’s hand away. “He knows where she is, he did something to her, but she’s still alive!”
“Not necessarily.” James intruded.
Elise’s head whipped back to face him. “No, she was on the phone. She is alive.” Elise fumbled with her mobile phone, calling Miranda’s number again, but once more, the line failed to pick up and she gave an exasperated huff.
James shook his head, drawing his hand to the bridge of his nose. He was getting a bad headache again, the kind that felt as if there were a hot poker piercing him slowly between the eyes. ‘Another bad sign’ Owen reflected. “That’s not what I meant to say. Look, she could be gone and communicating through the phone – that happens, but I meant it might not be Keith.”
Malachi stepped forward from the doorway he had been standing in, and in to the conversation. “He’s still here, obviously means Keith.” he pointed out.
“Maybe not.” ventured James again.
“Then what?” Malachi asked.
Owen knowingly answered what James was getting at. “Frank.”
James nodded.
Elise stood back looking with vehemency at Keith, but now she wasn’t entirely certain he was to blame. Part of her rued that doubt, because if it was Keith, she would at least be able to pummel some answers out of him. Everything became white noise for her. James was explaining that Frank’s spirit could have taken someone over just like what had happened to Miranda, and then caused them to do as they wanted. James went on to explain to Malachi that some people were more susceptible like relatives; sensitive, and as would more likely be the case for Miranda, those with an open mind. Without another thought Elise simply walked past them all and to the stairs.
Malachi and Owen followed Elise up the stairs while James held back. When Elise made it to the top she realised the lights were out, still smashed from the nights before, so she opened her phone again, chose the flashlight function and headed to the end of the darkened hall and Miranda’s bedroom. That was where she started going through the place, flipping her mattress, opening up the closet, and checking under the bed. When Owen and Malachi realised she was turning the place upside down, they helped, checking every place Miranda might be, across the four bedrooms, the bathroom, the ensuite, but she was nowhere. The bedside lamps that still worked were now on and sending a soft glow throughout the corridor.
In the new light, and out of the corner of his eye, Owen spied a manhole into the roof, nestled into the ceiling at the end of the hall. After going back to get the chair from the bathroom, Owen ascended and popped the cover open. As he slid it out to the side he noticed fingerprints scattered on the surface and frowned. Blackness was all that greeted Owen as he pulled himself up, and hung halfway out of the hole that led into the space in the roof. Retrieving a small torch he had shoved into this boot, Owen clicked it on and turned about, though couldn’t see anything of interest. The rafters of the roof looked solid enough, and created dips where it might be possible to hide something, but just as Owen was debating if he should climb into the space itself, he saw some kind of material a short space away.
Not being able to make out what it was, Owen drew the rest of his body up and on to a secure rafter. Slowly crawling along, Owen approached the unidentified items, and hesitated for a moment when he came close. It was a blanket, something wrapped in it, but it looked almost too small to be a body. Tentatively, Owen reached out and pulled the blanket back.
“What is it?” Malachi’s voice came from the hole a few feet behind. The sudden voice made Owen jump, and he cursed himself for being so startled.
“Nothing.” Owen replied, looking back over the contents of the blanket. All the blanket had wrapped in it was a pillow, and next to the bedding there was a small peephole. Owen squinted and leaned forward, and through the small aperture spied a room, a bed, and Elise sitting on it, clutching the covers.
This was nothing he wanted to share with Malachi or Elise, Keith had been sleeping here, above Elise’s bed, watching her for quite some time. Bile rose in Owen’s throat as he thought through the situation as he shimmied back the way he had come. Dead or alive, some people were just wrong he thought to himself.
Owen passed Malachi, and Elise came out of the room looking at him expectantly. Owen shook his head to indicate he had found nothing, and the three headed back down the stairs, where there were few places left to look.
Elise thought hard for a moment, sure that she was forgetting something. Then it clicked and she bolted past Keith, still tied to the chair, past James who was busy drawing something else on the floor where he knelt, and around the corner to where the rocking chair sat, unceremoniously set against the door in the wall. Elise had never looked inside this space before, but now she pulled back the chair, wrenched at the handle, bracing her leg against the wall for traction.
“Hey!” Malachi protested, “Don’t break it!” but Elise ignored his protest and the lock groaned and finally snapped. Elise panted, hesitating for a moment before she took a deep breath and pulled the door open fully.
Sheets of cloth and plastic greeted her. She pulled at them, clear plastic sheets, drop sheets, sheets with paint spatters, throwing them behind her in a heaped pile until she reached the floor, and at the base, a paint tray with a few fuzzy rollers and a broken handle. “Yeah, that’s where I keep the old paint stuff.” Malachi added unhelpfully as Elise gripped the floor with her nails. There was nowhere else to look now.
Just as she was about to howl out with grief, James yelled from around the corner where he sat kneeling.
The yell wasn’t one of pain, nor fright, but something else, as though a fit had taken him.
Owen rushed to James, falling at the floor next to him as he stared upwards, his stomach contracted, sweat beading his brow. “What happened? James?” His tone was urgent, worry a clear emotion for him.
James was silent, then stood, Owen rising with him.
James looked so very serious as he turned to Owen. “I called them back.” he said. “They will know everything.” Chills gripped Elise, who exchanged a shocked expression with Malachi. An electric tension filled the air, a crackling becoming more prominent and Elise drew close to Malachi wanting to feel a friendly touch.
Just as Malachi reached back out for her, a book flew from the half covered shelves against the wall and hit her shoulder. Elise winced and gasped as everyone tuned around, and the contents of the shelves started flying about. Books, papers, trinkets, pens all started hurtling towards her and Malachi, and the two of them fled, Owen pulling Elise out of the room as Malachi hit back at the objects flying around him.
Only James stood fast and as Owen called out for him to join them, James shook his head, staying his ground, and unaffected by the turmoil around him. “Get her out.” James said in a voice that was barely his own. Owen studied the determined expression on James’ face and then Malachi was at the door, standing next to Elise, when a pair of scissors started fly towards him and he slammed the door shut as they launched at him, but lodged in the wooden door instead
 Owen, Elise and Malachi took heavy breaths when a rumble shook them. They all stopped breathing to try and source the sound when it grew. When dust started to fall from the doorway, they took a step backwards from the door, and when a crackling started and cracks in the walls started to form, they ran. Sparks burst from the walls and chased them down the corridor. Even Keith, still bound to the chair had a horrified look on his face and Elise saw why. Around him were two spirits, malevolence on their faces and as much as Elise hated Keith, right then, she wasn’t able to leave him behind. She ran over and pulled the chair back, tilting it on its back legs, but she could barely hold the weight. Owen saw her and ran to help, the two of them dragging the chair backwards as they rushed to the front door. Marks were left etched in the floor and the raging spirits bounded after them on all fours looking more like rabid animals than ghosts of their former human selves. Reaching the door, Malachi ran back from it, slamming it shut and careening straight up the stairs, a look of terror on his face. 
“Why didn’t he get out?” Elise asked as Owen opened the door. And there, on the porch stood four spirits, staring blankly ahead up the stairs after Malachi. All in unison, they turned to look at Elise and Owen. In response, they both dropped the chair, Keith landing flat on his back and crying out with the pain of his hands being crushed under his own weight so suddenly. Elise fled up the stairs after Malachi, and Owen rushed after her.
“Wait.” Owen cried out after her, but she was gone.
A mumbled cry of protest came from Keith who realised he was about to be abandoned on the floor, bound and helpless. Owen looked back and shrugged. “Sorry man, scale of one to ten, you don’t even rate. Good luck.” With that he made it up the stairs to find Elise.
Keith turned to look at the door, but the space was empty, the door still open. Keith looked across the road, hoping a neighbour might see him, and also wishing he could still see the ghouls, not because he wanted them there, but it was better to know where the things from hell that could kill you were, rather than be left wondering. Very slowly and of its own accord, the door started squealing shut, and in the shadows behind it was one of the spirits staring down on him. Keith struggled, his eyes glued on this one spectre, when he realised his chair was moving, ever so slowly. He was being dragged backwards. His muffled noises grew louder, his struggles increased in fervour, but there was nothing Keith could do to help himself. Ghostly faces hovered above him and he squeezed his eyes shut in fear.
In a sudden start, a fist grabbed Keith by the collar, lifting him to a seated position and a white dust fell all over him, burning his eyes. As Keith cracked open an eyelid to see who was standing over him, he saw only James there, with an empty salt container in his hand. “Shh.” James cautioned, and Keith obliged immediately.
James’ efforts to save Keith were purely self motivated though. James could see each and every spirit roaming this house, and none of them were less than violent right now. A rage burning in each of them as to the injustice done to them, their loss and grief wailing like a whirlwind beneath the surface of their death mask stoicism.
Studying each of their faces, James gulped. Being so close to them always caused him pain and anguish. Not just their emotions, but their thoughts, muddled from the afterlife and the strength of long undealt emotions, twisted across worlds, distorted the images he would get from them, the messages they tried to convey which invaded his head. This time there were so many of them as well. James was not so sure he could control the whirlwind of communication across the divide this time. Given he had called them to him, something he had not done before, James was also apprehensive. He had given them an invitation that he did not usually give out. That gave them a foothold. Still, James stuck out his chest, looked them directly in the eye as he had learned it was best to do, and addressed them firmly.
“I need to know what happened to Miranda.”
There was a frenzied movement amongst them as they opened their mouths to speak but writhed in anguish instead. A muffled wailing screamed in the air instead, and James winced at the sound. “Why can’t you speak?” James asked them, and in response, they tried again, the same twisted painful faces and movements resulting. As one dropped to her knees she pointed her long pale finger towards the back room, then clutched her head, blood pouring from her spectre as though she had been dealt the most horrible torture. James cast a look at the back room, then walked back down, clear that he had missed something in there.
While this was going on, Malachi had found his way into the bathroom. The light hadn’t worked, but after the shock of seeing all those faces at the door, he was hoping to hide somewhere quiet, somewhere dark and unseen, so he sat down beside the bath, drew his knees to his chest and waited for everything to stop, for everything to calm down. Taking deep breaths, he cursed himself for not calling the police the instant Elise had brought those two criminals into his house. 
Malachi didn’t see the movement in the surface of the mirror, a distorted face peering down at him, though he sensed something. Unnerved, Malachi looked up towards the mirror, but he had already missed the image, which was now rippling behind him, like a ribbon under the shell of the porcelain of the moulded bathtub.
Then, Malachi heard Elise yell, and an ensuing thumping noise up the stairs. He stopped breathing and fixed his gaze on the soft light under the door. Almost immediately he saw dark shadows at the door where feet should be and Malachi hoped it was Elise, and not anything else. The door eased open, and Mal half stood to his feet. A hand reached around and flipped the switch as he had done, but again the light failed to work. He could hear Elise breathing strongly as she hesitated at the door.
“Elise?” Malachi asked with apprehension.
“Mal?” Elise asked, and he relaxed a little knowing it was in fact her.
“It’s me. Come.” Malachi requested and as she approached Elise teared up.
“I’m so sorry Mal.” She cried. “I’m sorry.”
Malachi hugged her and they both shrank down to a seated position by the bath. As she sank her head into him, Owen’s firm footsteps sounded out and passed by the door. She hadn’t even seemed to notice.
“Don’t be sorry,” Malachi soothed “It’s my fault really, coming here after I inherited this place, thinking I could fix it up and everything would be forgotten. That I could re-invent myself.” Elise looked up at him, and sat upright.
“Miranda and I found photos of you… you looked different.”
Malachi nodded. “I hated my life, got picked on, even my parents didn’t want me so when I got this place, I thought, new home, new job, new life.”
They could hear rustling noises in the background. “Owen’s looking for me.” Elise observed.
“You have no idea how much I was looking forward to being here, being a fresh new me.” Malachi continued on almost ignoring Elise’s remark. “And look what I’ve done to us all.”
Elise looked back at Malachi’s saddened face and sympathised. “It’s not your fault, none of ours…”, she reasoned and he looked at her with a half smile. “It’s some messed up dead guy who should be dust and bones by now.”
Malachi’s smile faded as solid footsteps reached the door. Elise opened her mouth to call out, but Malachi stopped her, placing a hand over her mouth, and huddling close to her. “It's alright, I promise, I won't let anything happen to you.”
Elise looked confused but then everything faded away as Malachi was pulled away. His arms still reaching out for her, a desperate look painting his face, Malachi skidded backwards being pulled from behind. Elise’s eyes widened from the sight of ghostly arms pulling him across the floor, disembodied limbs, grasping at him, and before he even had a chance to yell, the bathroom door flew off its hinges, past a startled Owen and Malachi disappeared down the hall.
Both Elise and Owen chased after Malachi, but they could not find him. He was gone. 
Elise pressed into Owen’s wide frame, and he took her hand. “We need to go, now.” Once they started pulling people into the ether, there was no going back, and if there was, Owen didn’t want to stick around to find out.
“Is that what happened to Miranda?” Elise gasped as the two headed down the hall again.
“I don’t know, but we can figure it out later. We’re getting James, and getting out to re-group.” They had left the landing and started down the stairs when Elise suddenly stopped.
“I know what’s going on. Why it came for me, why it came for me when Mal was here. It’s not the people who were murdered here, it’s not Frank doing this.”
“What do you mean?” Owen replied.
“It’s my ex.” she declared.
“What about him?” 
Pausing to put together the words she was about to say, Elise felt sure of the realisation that had come to her. “It’s him in the house.”  
Owen realised she was in shock and grasping for straws, so he softly took her hand back up again and dismissed her fears. “No it isn’t.” 
“Then why are they so angry? Explain that. Why are they attacking me all the time, why try and talk to me, frighten me? And why hurt Miranda and Mal like that?” She paused to take a breath. “It has to be him. I can’t just be this unlucky.” 
Owen took a step up closer to her. “Then why didn’t he take out Keith already? If someone who killed me was hanging around, I’d go for him over the flatmate or the ex, don’t you think?”
Elise thought again.
Owen continued, knowing he had gained some ground in the logic department. “And have you seen him so far? Of all the faces you’ve seen tonight, where is he? It isn’t him Elise. Come on we need to go back downstairs to James.”
Elise blinked, realising it was her imagination running wild. Her ex was long gone and this was just a travesty of events fuelled by her inability to let go of the past, and for the past to let go of her. The only part of her past following her was Keith. She looked down at the floor where they had dropped him on the floor.
“Where is Keith?” Elise asked and Owen followed her gaze.
Descending quickly, the pair made their way through the house searching for James, and found him clutching his head, face to the wall at the end of the corridor. Keith was still bound as they could see through the doorway to the kitchen, and Owen eyed him cautiously as he ventured towards James, arms outstretched.
James moaned, lost in pain, and nearly unresponsive to Owen.
“It’s alright James.” Owen soothed. James turned around to face Owen, a troubled look on his face.
“I can’t!” James objected. “I can’t Owen. I thought I could but it’s all a mess.”
Owen embraced James with one arm. “Just walk away. We’re going to walk away.”
“They won’t let me.” James pleaded. “They’re in my head now. They can’t tell me, but they showed me.”
Owen stood back. “Showed you what?”
James’ eyes rolled back in his skull and his face darkened. Owen was not quite sure what to do, so he did the first thing that came to him and gave James a tap on the face with the palm of his hand to get him to focus. “You can do this.” Owen said to James as he fixed his attention back to the face in front of him. “You are the only one I know who could ever do this.” Owen continued, taking hold of James’ shoulder. “If we can’t go yet, let’s get this done, we can go home and I’ll buy you a beer to go with one of those tablets you swallow down like candy.”
James barely nodded, and drew every ounce of energy back into himself, pushing aside the sounds of the tormented souls in the house, the scattered visions he held in his mind’s eye. He scrubbed his face and, without thinking, headed through the masses of spirits gathered in the back room that neither Owen, nor Elise could see. He pressed through and knelt at the door that Elise had wrenched open earlier and lowering himself down, searched the floor with his fingers until a small but solid ring met his grasp. James pulled back hard, and the floor lifted, revealing a secret hollow in the floor.
The spirits sighed, and one by one disappeared, while James searched the space to see what it revealed. Owen and Elise stood behind, searching the dark recesses, only to see a medium sized wooden box next to a pile of what looked like rags. James reached out to pick it up, however as his fingers clasped around the wood, a sudden movement in the rags caused him to flinch in surprise. A female groan sounded out and Miranda’s blood-matted hair was the first thing Elise recognised as James pulled the coverings back.
Owen and James pulled Miranda free, laying her out on the floor as Elise fussed around her. Miranda was badly beaten, bruised and swollen, and not even conscious though she made slight groaning sounds intermittently. Elise soothed her, stroking her head and peeling the blood soaked hair from Miranda’s face. At her bidding, Owen and James carried Miranda to the lounge room, laid her on the couch and Elise found her phone, getting ready to dial for an ambulance. She was interrupted by James opening the box on the coffee table to study its contents, and what it held caused her to shiver.
Lifting the lid told an unwelcome story, and one so hard hitting, Elise stopped dialling for help, and gulped.
“This is it.” James said. “This is what they needed us to do.”
Chapter 14
The contents of the box lay open and James simply stared at it as Owen reached in and pulled out, one-by- one, a lock of every colour of hair imaginable. Black, red, brown, sandy blonde, orange, auburn, pink. Then there seemed to be two of every colour. Each was fastened with a delicate ribbon crafted into a bow. Owen brought the items up close and read small lettering lovingly handwritten that simply said, Amy, F, 20; Joshua, M, 25, Annabelle, F, 22… and so on. Owen threw the contents back in the box, the urge to vomit prominent.
“There’s so many.” voiced Elise for them all. “So many lives.” Then Elise saw something else in the corner of the box, a medium-sized dark glass vial filled with something. “What’s that?” she asked, though James simply responded by standing up, and walking away, taking a seat on the couch Miranda wasn’t  laying on.
“You don’t want to know.” Owen said, but Elise had already picked it up. Teeth. Elise dropped it back in the box faster than she picked it up and shook her hand as though the feeling of defilement might be possible to shake off.
“It’s how he controlled them so well, owning a piece of them locked away. He could stop them from leaving, from telling me what I needed to know. Or at least make it a hell of a lot harder. At least now I can set them to peace.”
Elise was confused given there had been no disturbances since they had found the box and Miranda. “They aren’t gone?” 
“Not until I do the ritual again.” James clarified, and he moved to go back to the ritual set up in the back room.
“Need a hand?” Owen offered, but James declined, leaving Keith, still tied to the chair, Elise, sitting perched on the edge of the couch and Owen who remained standing next to the table where the box remained, its contents now hidden by the lid. 
As if on cue, Keith worked free his gag finally, gasping with the labour of the task. “Any chance you can let me go now? Seeing as I’m not a prime suspect for doing anything other than trying to help.”
“Are you insane… wait, wrong question. The answer’s no.”
“I didn’t do anything.”
Owen strode over and leaned in to face Keith. “We still aren’t sure what the hell you did and didn’t do, so you’re staying put.” Then Owen lowered his voice so Elise couldn’t make out what he was saying. “I’m not letting you go – you had a damned bedroom set up in the ceiling. If you think I’m letting you near her, you’re madder than I gave you credit for.” When he finished, Owen uprighted himself, and walked away from Keith’s reddening face, back over to Elise who stood in a daze, the phone still gripped in her white-tipped fingers. 
Elise had to consciously release the pressure on the phone and even then she felt the blood rushing back in to her fingers, making them feel numb and inefficient.  “I have to call for help.” She muttered more to herself than anything else.
“Not yet,” Owen said clasping his hands across hers to stop her from dialling. “Give James a few minutes. It’s kind of a hard thing to explain to the cops.”
Elise looked up at him, not quite registering. “But Miranda.” She cast her eye to her friend lying on the couch, breathing roughly. “And Malachi’s still missing!”
“A few more minutes won’t change anything for either of them.”
“I – I suppose. I can’t believe the neighbours haven’t called already.”
Owen smiled, it was a common occurrence. “It’s a bubble.”
“A bubble?”
“No one hears or sees anything. You’d be surprised, but even when it seems impossible for people to miss what’s going on, somehow that happens at events like this…”. He looked over Elise’s tired face and felt a compassion that was new to him, not that he was particularly harsh by any means, but he usually liked to stay disconnected. “How are you holding up anyway?”
Elise looked back up at Owen. “I’m OK. Given…”.
Keith moaned from his spot on the couch. “Just let me go already. You can’t keep me here like this. Elise, please, you’re such a good person. Let me go and we can work this out.”
Owen glared at him warningly, causing him to silence immediately, then turned back to Elise. “I don’t know what you used to believe before, but you did amazing, all through this.”
Elise blushed and looked at her feet.
A new surge of confidence gripped Owen, though the circumstances lacked the atmosphere he would have liked. “You know another time and place I might ask you out on a real date.” 
Elise broke in to a full smile. “Wow, you mean one that doesn’t involve dead people?”
“I guarantee nothing.” Owen replied comically.
“Oh please…” Keith verbally objected. “Are you serious?”
Owen gave a forced smile to Elise and excused himself. “I’ll just be one minute, just think about it and I’ll be right back.”
As she watched after Owen, Elise saw him head straight for the door that led to the kitchen from the lounge room, passing by Keith as he did. Just as he passed the chair Keith was fastened to, he caught the back of it, lurching Keith backwards, dragging him into the kitchen. Keith’s eyes flew open with the shock initially, but as he realised what was happening, his bound fists clenched, and his eyes slitted.
Owen was just returning into the room, drolly brushing his hands as though he was dusting them off, when James returned carrying the backpack, which he unceremoniously dropped to the floor. “We’re done.”  James announced, and stood expectantly.
James suddenly grimaced as though something was terribly wrong and turned about, only for Malachi to come stumbling out from behind him.
Elise stepped forward. “Mal!” she exclaimed delighted to see him. She rushed over and hugged him, but he protested from the pain of her squeezing him. “What happened to you? Where did you go?”
“I have no idea,” the words came out more croaky than he would have liked, but Malachi was still in pain, his head swollen and his back feeling out of alignment. He stretched and twisted only to be stopped by the pain again. “I woke up in the damned closet of my bedroom.” He looked up at Elise and raised a warning finger. “No jokes about coming out of the closet.” Elise relaxed more, knowing that both Miranda and Malachi were alright – more or less. “Freaky night.” added Malachi.
“For us all”, affirmed Elise, to which Malachi separated from her embrace.
“I need an icepack.” Malachi wailed, taking a step towards the kitchen before halting and turning back to James. “No more spirits?”
“No more.” James affirmed.
“Brilliant,” the word came out more like a sigh of relief than anything else, and Malachi’s shoulders relaxed. “I get to change my shirt too… blood and dust and shit all over it.” Again, Malachi turned but this time it was to go get that change of clothes he had been looking forward to. He continued muttering as he walked away causing Elise to smirk as she took a seat on the floor next to Miranda and took her hand.
“You can call for the cops now if you want.” Owen offered, spying James who was rubbing his head viciously as though scratching an itch he couldn’t reach. They were all tired and on edge, dawn not too far away now.
Before Elise even had a chance to reach for her phone again, a new sound interrupted the scene. Miranda was coming to, whimpering, and struggling to sit upright on the couch. Elise turned quickly to divert her attention to Miranda, and placed a hand on her to stop her from moving too much. “Miranda, it’s alright, we found you, you’re safe.” Elise enthused, dropping to her knees beside Miranda and forgetting all about Malachi. “It took a while, but when you called, I knew you had to still be alive.” 
Miranda blinked before she croaked. “I never made a call.” She tried to sit up again but winced at the pain, clutching her head.
“Forget it, you’re going to be ok, that’s all that matters. Relax, and I’m going to call an ambulance. It’s all over.” Elise smoothed the hair on Miranda’s head as it slumped back down, her eyes closing as she slipped more restfully into unconsciousness again.
Malachi heard her as he shuffled past the door on his way back from his room and headed to the kitchen to get an icepack. “Thank God, I never thought tonight was going to end. What a freakin’ disaster. The place is ruined, I’m going to have to start fixing everything up again. Insurance isn’t going to cover Act of Ghost is it?”
“I don’t think so much.” James replied, looking far more at ease than just a few minutes ago. On that, he popped a pill from the container in his pocket and sat himself on the couch next to Elise.
“How are you doing?” Elise asked James.
“I need bed.” James managed a half smile, but the wear was plain on his face.
Owen stood and brushed his hands through his hair, blinking his tired eyes. “Well, Elise, if you call the police, the ambulance, the… everything. I’ll go let dropkick loose so he can come with us. I’ll take care of him when we’re out of here.”
Elise had been far from expecting Owen and James to just pack up and go. “You’re leaving?”
“Yeah.” Owen answered, but we’ll be back…
Owen thumbed to the next room where Keith was, and headed in with nothing more to say, leaving Elise and James sitting side by side, Miranda on the couch next to them.
Elise leaned into James. “At least it’s all over now…” she said, before there was a loud clatter in the kitchen, the sound of dishes falling, pans tumbling and the walls heaving under the pressure of someone’s weight. As they looked at the door that led from the lounge to the kitchen, it squealed open slowly. 
James knew it before there was even time to properly register what was happening. He saw it on Owen's horror struck face as he stood, swaying for a moment. That instant felt like a lifetime for James who tried to take a step towards his friend, and though his body jerked, his feet failed to carry him forward. After what seemed to be an unperceivably long time, Owen started to fall to the ground, clutching at the doorframe hopelessly as his knees buckled beneath him. James and Elise, who had been motionless until they saw him falling, both lurched towards Owen, who had been blocking the view behind him through the door.
Chapter 15
Elise screamed out loud when she saw Keith standing behind Owen, sweating, tense and eyes wide at the stab wounds that leaked blood from Owen’s back. Keith put his hands up as if to indicate he hadn't done anything but even as Elise held her hands over the gaping gushing wound in vain, she knew he had done it again and knowing this, and feeling Owen’s life slip from him, her very being began to tremble with rage. Fear was gone, no more running, James helped her turn Owen over, his head slipping in to her lap, heavy and vacant somehow. 
“You!” Elise shouted, glaring through the tears filling her eyes.
Meanwhile, James clutched his hair, letting out gasps of grief stricken air before he rushed Keith, grabbing hold of him and raising a fist to punch him. “Why!” James yelled out, but in response, Keith got a lucky hit in and struck James, sending him flying to the floor. James was just rising to a crouching position when a yell sounded from the other room.
Propelling himself towards Keith, Malachi launched onto Keith, smashing his face with a bloodied fist, in the next move by Malachi, as Keith roused himself into a defence, was to plunge a knife he picked up from the bench into Keith’s stomach, twisting as the hilt met Keith’s flesh. Elise winced at the violence whilst James flinched at his loss of resolution.
Even as Keith fell to the ground his eyes searched for Elise, and as the blood left his cooling body, he drew himself forward inching towards her. Weighed down by Owen, Elise could barely move without coming away from him completely, which she wasn’t ready to do. There was no real cause for concern though, because even as Keith crept forward, his fingers reaching for her, he was never going to make the distance, and he conclusively slumped to a stop, his eyes fixing on an imaginary point as he drew a final breath.
Malachi staggered into the room, and flopped down next to Elise looking over Owen. Elise threw her arms around Malachi in response and sobbed. “I can’t believe he killed him!” exclaimed Malachi as he patted Elise’s shoulder.
Feeling a dampness on Malachi’s left arm, she drew her hand up, then pulled herself back in alarm. “Mal, you’re bleeding!”
Malachi withdrew his arm and nursed it lightly. “It's nothing, just a scratch. That psycho came at me and caught my fucking arm before he turned on Owen.”
“Let me get it cleaned up” Elise said, rising slowly and placing Owen’s head on to the floor. She seemed in a daze, trancelike as she moved and Malachi held her back by taking her arm.
“Later, not now.” He urged and she stopped, looking back over at James. Everything seemed so still, except for James who was now sitting in a corner, his knees drawn up to his chest, his head down. He was lost, aimless without Owen, and now back to being totally alone.
“James?” Elise tentatively asked. “James? It’s over. I have to call the police. ”
James looked up, his distress mottling the skin of his face. “It is… all done. Everything’s all done.” He stood slowly, and purposefully, and Elise moved over to James to hold him to her, but he walked right past her, past Miranda laid out on the couch, and out into the darkness.
Elise stared after James for a moment before getting up and reaching for the now working mobile phone. She dialled the police as she watched James continue to walk away from the house and down the street until he was gone. Malachi sat on the floor next to Owen’s body, overlooking Keith’s body as she spoke to the operator down the phone, and Elise closed her eyes at the mess. She wasn’t even sure what she was asking for, but she knew help would come for Miranda, and there would be a lot to explain. Malachi watched her, thinking deeply before he ventured over to wait for emergency services to arrive. His blood soaked jumper clung cold to his skin, so he went to the kitchen, peeled it off, and put on one that hung on the back of a chair. He was formulating what they should say to the police and by the time they arrived, he and Elise had decided what part of tonight to share, and what part to work around.
The two of them were in the doorway by the time the police arrived, and the street grew crowded from people arriving to see the circus in town again. “Twice in one week.” Elise observed relating to the police being at the house.
“We made their gossip quotient” remarked Malachi, as he drew her close by the shoulder with his arm.
The police separated the two and both offered their statements willingly, had fingerprints taken, were attended to by the ambulance crew and took in as much as they could. Elise was settled into one of the police cars to rest until Miranda could be moved to hospital, and she gratefully finished a hot tea someone had brought her in the midst of everything going on.
In the glow of the red and blue lights, Malachi came to sit next to Elise in the police car. James had left before the emergency services appeared, at the urging of Elise, and Miranda was being taken care of by one of the ambulance crews inside the house, and was yet to come out of the house. Elise sat in the open police car with a worried and tired look upon her face. Malachi put an arm around her, and she shivered. The evening air was crisp though it was still early, and Malachi pulled off his jumper and gave it to Elise. Elise smiled gratefully at him as she accepted the jumper, before staring at his arms, bared to the elbow from his three quarter length shirt, his pale, clear skin smeared sporadically with blood, though no wounds were discernible. “Hey, I thought you got cut?” Elise observed, and Malachi grabbed further up his arm.
“Yeah, but they patched me up. It wasn’t so bad.” Elise was just about to ask him if it hurt much, but saw Miranda being wheeled out of the house. Elise stood to attention looking at Malachi. “Go on, go be with her, I’ll see you back here later.” Malachi smiled as he stared after Elise as she ran to the side of Miranda and hopped into the ambulance on the way to the hospital. All that was left for Malachi to do was to wait for the inevitable clean-up after the police left and the neighbours stopped patrolling inquisitively either in their cars or on foot, then he could settle in and wait for Elise to get back, update him on Miranda, and then maybe, if he was lucky, things would go back to normal for him. This particularly rested on James not coming back though. Malachi had seen enough of James and the trouble he brought with him to last him for the rest of his life. Even if the guy had rid the house of the spirits that lived there, Malachi was looking forward to a clean slate, without any more complications.
Eventually, Malachi got his wish. There were a few extra questions about Elise and Malachi’s statements about how Owen was there after Elise and he had gone out, how Keith had broken in and in a rage killed Owen, to which Malachi had rushed him in a frenzy and stabbed him in return as he loomed over Elise holding Owen’s dead body. It had seemed simpler to tell the truth, or a part at least, and hopefully no nosy neighbours noticed James had come in with Owen and Elise in the first place. The last of the lingering police started to dwindle and eventually the last remaining officer gave him an event number, took to his car and drove away. Taking in a breath and a look around, Malachi headed in for a well deserved drink and sit on the couch to wait for Elise and news about Miranda.
At the hospital, Miranda was stable, and two hours later Elise lay with her head on the bed next to a sedated Miranda while she waited for the nurse to deliver more news. Miranda was hooked up to an IV, her face battered and bruised, and a bandage wrapped around her fractured skull.
Elise was thinking deeply about the events of the last few days, weeks even, and how everything linked in together, except for Keith. That had just been an added tragedy.
 The twists of fate were what Elise found most astounding. Malachi had inherited a business and a house, which was a godsend for someone like him who was looking for a chance to start fresh, and look at what he got. He poured himself into fixing the place up only to find it had once belonged to a serial killer. He took that on the chin like the guy he was, and then has her and Miranda move in only to discover it was haunted. Elise wondered if he had really known all along, or just suspected, that the place was in fact haunted. Sure Malachi had told that creepy story just after they had moved in, but she had never really believed he thought it were true, in spite of the failing clocks, mobile phones that worked or not on a whim, the bumps in the night and the infernal knocking. 
Malachi hadn’t really seemed bothered by all the things that had plagued Elise. Or ever been possessed like Miranda, so Elise was left wondering why it had been her who picked up on these things, what message they had been trying to send her. Even Miranda, outside of being possessed, hadn’t really seen or heard anything that she had thought out of the ordinary until the very last. Elise looked up at Miranda. Poor Miranda she thought to herself. She was taken over by unsettled spirits, then beaten to a pulp by Keith, and lived to tell the tale. Would she remember though, and if she did would she believe it, were the two big questions for her. And why Miranda? Why not Malachi, or herself. Elise thought through this and decided that Malachi clearly just wasn’t as sensitive, and Elise, well the spirits must have been trying to warn her, just like Owen and James had said. Then, it all made sense.
The spirits had always been there, tormented, but when Elise arrived, so lost and torn over her experiences with being stalked, having her home invaded by Keith and knowing someone had been killed by him over her, she must have been like a beacon for them. Her crushed soul must have been calling to them for help, and when Keith had arrived on the scene, quietly hunting her once more, all they could do was try and send messages. Somehow taking over Miranda had been part of their attempts to communicate, and she had shot at them, and had them exorcised from the premises. If only she had realised that it was Keith they had been trying to warn her about. 
Through all of this, her situation had been picked up by Owen’s underground contacts and he had been steered towards helping her, James in tow, and thank God they had come into her life, because if they had not, Elise was sure she would be rocking in the corner of an institute right now instead of being here with Miranda and now able to return home to her safe and spirit-free home with Malachi. Elise ruminated over all of this once more to make sure it made sense, and it did. As much sense as it could anyhow.
Yes, Elise decided, the spirits had obviously been trying to warn her about Keith. The fact he had been sleeping above her very bed was creepy enough, but to think that the spirits had reached out, trying to warn her… and that she hadn’t noticed was almost too much to bear. Elise felt stupid, gullible, naïve and sad all at once. 
Elise was more than sad though, she was angry over all this mess, Owen’s death, Miranda’s pain, all this because she had run, and failed to see Keith follow her. She should have had him taken care of when she was back home instead of dragging Miranda across country to try and escape. She should have known better, then Owen would still be alive. A warm tear ran down her cheek and Elise brushed it away. She could have learned so much from Owen and James, and now Owen was dead. She thought of his strength and wished she had it, or just some of it. That confidence he possessed, in the face of the most frightening of experiences. Owen had experienced a hellish life, absolute tragedy, and instead of running like her, he had picked up the tools to face his demons, and literally hunted them down. Elise understood absolutely why someone like James, so brought down by his own experiences was drawn to and took strength from being near someone like Owen. 
Elise’s thoughts moved to James and wondering where he was right then, what he was doing, and how he was coping. James was such a restless soul, so tormented by the things in his head. He didn’t even see what he had was a gift. But it was, Elise thought to herself. It was a gift because it had saved her, released the trapped souls who had been so tormented all these years. Tomorrow, Elise reasoned, she would go and see James, see how she could help him given he helped her and now had no one left himself. Tomorrow she would help him find peace.
****
James didn’t need help finding peace, though Elise didn’t realise this. James didn’t need the help, because he had already decided he was going to find it for himself. 
As he guzzled the scotch from the bottle, James swallowed another pill. The sound of rushing water echoed through the dirty motel room, but second rate as the place was, it had a bathtub, and James could not think of anything more satisfying right now than to slip into a warm bath. He had never had enough of that. As a kid, baths were a treat he looked forward to on the weekend that gave him time to himself, away from his parents, to build his empires, crush sea creatures and use his imagination any way he wanted. When he moved to the institute it was tepid showers, usually in group, but alone if he got lucky, and by the time he lived on his own, the places he could afford usually meant he was showering as quickly as possible, with one eye over his shoulder in case some spirit was watching. At least Eleanor’s place had been different, and once he found the right combination of medications to block out the visions, life had been easier for a time. James popped another pill, and took another swig.
Groaning as he jolted himself off the couch, James went to the bathroom and sat on the edge of the bathtub, sinking an arm in to the warm water. He sighed out loud in relief before turning off the taps. On the sink were the rest of his pills, and James reached out for them, though could not quite reach them. With his wet, free arm he stretched out for the pills, not wanting the other hand to relinquish its hold on the bottle of scotch on the floor. In spite of his efforts, James was still unable to reach without standing, so decisively he stood to reach his precious pills, but his head was swimming and he stumbled, clutching onto the counter to stay upright. 
Swaying as he braced his weight on the sink, James caught his reflection in the mirror and studied it carefully. The scar his father gave him blurred with his vision. James unbuttoned his shirt slowly, and when he was finished, pulled it off with some difficulty before standing back and placing a hand over the burned mark on his chest. After hovering for a moment, he turned his attention back to the pills, popped the last few into his mouth and retrieved the scotch bottle from the floor. He missed grasping it twice before he succeeded and he gulped back more of the noxious tasting liquid. He let the near empty bottle rattle into the empty sink, the loud noise muffled by the thrumming in his head.
James couldn’t think anymore, and he didn’t want to. Owen was dead. Dead. His only friend left. Now, James had nothing and he was going to be damned if he was going to take this fresh hell lying down. Fumbling with his jeans button, James failed to be able to open it, and he swayed more readily. With a huff, he gave up, and stepped his bare feet into the bath, jeans still on, and he didn’t care. Better than being found naked, he reasoned. At the end of the bath, James had already laid out a razor blade, but first he let the warm water lap about his body, comforting and soft as the steam entered his nose and chest with its welcome heat.
All his memories came to him, his life, his lack of a life, every painful moment, and every moment of fleeting happiness. Ultimately the moment he was in returned back to him and he opened his eyes, leaned forward and took the blade. The drugs and drink made it an easy task to run the blade across his flesh, but he slashed so deeply that as he took the razor from one hand to slice the alternate wrist, the mix of poor grip from cutting too deep into the tendons and the slipperiness of the blood oozing from the fresh wound made him drop it.
The razor drifted through the bloodied water slowly swaying as it drifted down to the bottom of the porcelain. The clink it made as it hit the bottom was barely audible, but it resounded loudly in James’ drug-addled haze. Briefly, James scrambled his leadening fingers, seeking the metal in the water but soon, he realised, it didn’t matter anyway, and James watched the darkening water, knowing that it was finally over for him. He relaxed even further into the water, relieved the pills would give him peace as he died. No more faces, no more voices, then, no more. Blackness washed over him as the warm water sloshed and then lapped about him, becoming bloodier by the second…
Chapter 16
 “James.” Out of the blackness, he heard his name. A familiar, and welcome sound. He attempted to crack his eyelids open though could not quite manage it. “James.” the sound came again, and he recognised the voice of his mother.  This time he managed to prise open his lids. About the tub he saw a myriad of faces, all of those he had seen and who were passed.
“No.” he wailed irritated. “No, no no, I took the pills. Why are you here?” The protests failed to do anything though, the faces simply stared back at him blankly. A white figure emerged from within them though and came to sit at the side of the tub.
“Mother?” he asked, almost disbelieving. She reached in and took his hand.
“James, why did you do this?”
“I can’t do it.” He replied. “I can’t. I can’t sleep, I can’t eat without them there, they are always there…” James shook his head to support his words, but she reached into the bathwater and pulled up the hand he slashed, tracing the wound. He flinched at the sensitive flesh being touched.
“I gave you a gift child.”
“What gift, I see the dead! Everything around me is dead all the time. It’s not a gift.”
“We had a deal, your mother and I.”
“What deal, you are my mother.”
The woman shook her head. “I just look like her. She wanted a child, wanted you, and I came to her. In her grief and loneliness, I promised her you.” She reached up and touched James’ hair, then traced to the scar on his cheek. “Then in her anger, she summoned me again…” she removed her hand and turned her face away as though the feel of the scar was painful to her.
“So why did you do this to me.” James took his good hand and touched the hand shaped mark on his chest.
“There’s a lot of power in a wish. Especially those born of love.” She looked back at him. “There always has to be a price, and there was nothing I needed from her. But you… I could give this to you so that for a lifetime you could help others.”
“You let her die.”
“No, she got distracted and she died, and there was nothing I could do except come back for you. And now you do this, I don’t understand.”
“She died, Owen’s dead. I’m alone, I’m always alone.”
“With this gift, you’re never alone James.” James turned away and the woman pursed her lips. “But James, you know I can’t let you go.” He looked back at her as sharply as his weakening body allowed. “You’re not done. Not for Elise, not for all the others you have yet to save.”
James was confused. “Elise? What’s not done.”
“You missed it in your sadness, in the loss of your friend, but you didn’t stop anything from happening.” James focussed on her face intent yet comforting. “Good thing I’m full of surprises.”
Reaching to the water she dipped a finger in it and a glow emerged. Immediately James felt different. He sat upright and brought his wrist up to see it, his skin healed, his body strong again. 
“What are you?” James asked in bemusement, while feeling his wrist.
The woman stood before she responded. “Whatever you need me to be.” With that she leaned over and kissed James on the forehead. “Hurry, there isn’t much time” she finished.
***
 “You know Mal, I still can’t stay here. Not after everything.” Elise sat on the couch as Malachi sat on the edge of coffee table listening to her. The daylight played with the dust particles in the air, and Elise watched them, thoughtfully, as the shimmers of light danced about her as though suspended in mid-air. 
“Running away again?” he remarked.
“Not running away. I think if the dead rise and try and kill you, there’s a guilt-free option to leave without being judged.” 
“Perhaps…” Malachi looked deep in thought before he stood. “You look so tense Elise.” Malachi moved over to massage Elise’s neck, and she let him gratefully. “Why don’t you think about it in the morning.”
“Yeah, I’ll go visit Miranda and see where she wants to go. They said she can be released in a couple of days. You could come with us?”
“I’m kind of attached to this old place.”
“How can you be, after all you know?”
“At least there’s nothing else left to ‘come get me’ as I sleep.”
“I suppose.” Elise sniffed, and a tear escaped her.
“You’ll be alright Elle.” he soothed as he worked his fingers up her shoulders to the nape of her neck.
“I know I will, I just don’t get it, why it was me? I must have the worst luck in the world. Why of all people would it be me?”
Malachi continued to massage up her neck when he responded gently “I don’t think it’s a big mystery, I just didn’t have someone with your coloured hair in my collection.” Elise stiffened as Malachi’s hands closed about her neck. 
Elise clutched at his grip, feeling the unbending pressure cause a tightness along her throat, preventing her from drawing a breath. “Elise, you have no idea how much trouble they all caused me. All those spirits, niggling away, trying to warn you away from here, holding me back. When you left the first time, I thought I’d lost my chance, but then not only do they bring you back, they release all the souls trapped here, everything that was working against me. Now, I’m free to do whatever the hell I want.”
Elise thrashed about, though Malachi’s hands anchored, her rendering her efforts useless. Thinking quickly, she began to reach up, clawing at Malachi’s arms though, still, this had little effect. Her hands weakened and she knew if she didn’t do something quickly she would be dead, another lock of hair and collection of teeth in a box in the floor somewhere.
In one last ditch attempt, Elise kicked the ground as hard as she could, causing the couch to fall back and Malachi to lose his grip. Crawling away from the couch, Elise made it to the lounge door, and just stood upright, when Malachi reached down and wrenched her upwards by taking hold of her shirt from the back. For a moment she hovered, arms waving in mid-air before she righted herself, but it wasn’t for long. Though her feet were on the ground, Malachi had a good grasp on her throat, and propelled her backwards with his stride until she felt the wall flat against her back.
“Don’t do this” she breathed the words with every ounce of her being, as a plea for her life, but all that came out was a rasping sound as Malachi’s iron grip held her pinned against the wall. Her hands reached up and held his arm, trying in vain to pull him away.
“I have to do this El. I worked so hard for it. I waited so long. I even had to wait out death to get here.” Elise was struggling to understand and Malachi knew it. “This body was just another zombie, another bit of fodder for the masses until I took him over. When my so-called father died, he left me the house in the will, didn’t he?” Malachi loosened his grip slightly. “’Course, I couldn’t live here after everything. Then a rumour started that someone killed me off, so I just slipped away. But I did it…” Elise kicked out again, and Malachi pressed her into the wall with his body so she couldn’t move. His face came so close she could smell the tangy scent of blood on his breath. “I finally did it”, he continued, “I found out how to cheat death.” Elise’s eyes widened and in an unglamorous effort to survive, she used their closeness to her advantage, and bit out, taking hold of Malachi’s cheek.
As Elise compressed her jaw, Malachi let out a howl and released his hold. Elise slipped out from under him and ran for the door but Malachi, letting out an angry roar, picked up one of the dining chairs and hurled it at her legs.
Elise fell forwards as the chair hit the back of her knees and splintered about her, parts strewn about. Malachi stood above Elise, and squatted over her. “When I saw you I knew you were perfect. Already so broken, so damaged and fearful.” Malachi flipped her over, then sighed as though reminiscing over something treasured and reached out to stroke her face. Elise batted at him, but he caught her fist and kneeled closer. Elise moved her head away from him in disgust and saw a chair leg lying splintered and separated from the body of the chair that had just been thrown at her, only she couldn’t quite reach it. Meanwhile Malachi drew out a knife from inside his boot, concealed until now by his pants. 
“Wait!” Elise thought quickly. “How did you do it?” Malachi turned his head slightly as he tried to understand the question. “How did you cheat death?” she finally asked in full.
“I found the formula of course!” Malachi spoke as though it all made sense. “I came back here, and spilled my blood under these very stairs. He pointed to the stairs that lay to Elise’s right hand side. “I boarded myself in, and killed myself, then all I had to do was wait for him to come to me. I left him the house, the shop… everything, and finally he came, and I got my second chance.” 
Elise shifted backwards slightly using the time as best she could. “Who?” she prompted.
“My cousin’s son. Malachi.”
Elise stopped moving. “So who are you?”
“I’m Frank.”
There was a momentary pause as Elise absorbed the news and held eye contact with Malachi. Elise let her hand trail behind her further, finally feeling the welcome edges of the wooden chair leg.
“Elise.” Malachi’s mouth spoke finally.
“Frank.” Elise said back to him, and he smiled at her use of his name. “I’m nowhere near broken.” With that Elise plunged the chair leg into his shoulder, kicked herself free again, and ran for the door.
Pulling on the handle, Elise realised that the door was bolted, so getting out of there was not going to be an option. Meanwhile, Malachi had risen to his feet and with a growl yanked the wood from his shoulder. Elise just saw this from the corner of her eye, as she turned back down the corridor and ran toward the kitchen.
As she rounded the kitchen door, though, Frank had doubled back and was standing in the other entranceway. Halting suddenly, Elise recalled the window in the back room, and redirected herself towards it. On entering the room, the sudden change to darkness threw her senses into disarray, until she managed to pull down the dark red curtain that shielded the light and the window from her.
The sudden burst of light gave Elise just what she needed and she jumped on the desk to pull the window up. She tugged and it refused to shift, but as she heard Frank’s approaching steps, a rush of adrenaline took hold of her and she threw her shoulder into the window, causing it to slide open just in time for her to feel Frank’s hand on her ankle.
“Nah-uh” he scolded, and swiftly raised the knife high, and plunged it downwards at Elise who squeezed her eyes shut, ready for the slicing pain. Instead, she felt a firm arm about her waist, pull her through the window. James had made it in time. 
Elise clung to James more strongly than she intended, but he had been her sudden, and unexpected, lifeline. Relief allowed Elise to breathe once more, but even then, that relief didn’t last for long. Frank was climbing through the window and in to the early morning light after them.
James and Elise ran towards the front of the house as the sound of sirens echoed from around the corner, once again providing a show for the neighbours who were poking their heads around their door or fences to see what was going on now. The police screeched to a halt as James and Elise ran to the front of the yard, and placed their hands on their heads in response to the warnings and the guns pointed at them.
Once the situation was explained, or as much as Elise and James told them, that Malachi had taken over the killing spree Frank had started fifty years before, the police had ransacked the house, but not found any sign of Malachi, or Frank for that matter. They had ‘discovered’ the box with the collection of hair and belongings that Elise had hidden under the stairs again. Forensics carted it away, leaving James and Elise to explain repeatedly to police that they knew nothing of Malachi’s actions until that day. They told of how Malachi must have attacked Miranda – not Keith as they had previously believed, how Malachi had killed Owen, and then Keith to frame him. Then, in a final effort to complete his collection, Malachi had then tried to kill Elise before James had ‘happened to drop by’ and heard the screaming that had alerted the neighbours, and signalled them to call for help.
After many hours, and multiple cross examining questions, the police had finally let James and Elise leave and now the two of them sat in the car at the rear of the motel at the end of the day. “Now what?” asked Elise.
“There is only one sure fire way to finish him off, but without Owen, I’m not sure where to start looking.”
“What do you need?” Elise asked of James.
“Come inside and I’ll tell you” James said, and Elise happily followed him inside the motel room.
A short while later James went out, leaving Elise behind to lock the doors which she did thoroughly and checked them twice; the key lock, the bolt and the chain. Elise lay in bed, exhausted and apprehensive, and watched television with the side lamp still on until her eyes stung so much that she closed them for a few seconds.
Sound asleep, Elise failed to hear the skylight in the bathroom open, or hear the footsteps approach her bedside. When a hand that reached out to retrieve the remote from her side of the bed, Elise still did not stir, but when the same hand switched off the television she gasped in response, rising quickly, her back against the wall and facing her unexpected visitor. 
“Why won’t you leave me the hell alone!” Elise barked at Frank in dismay.
 “No one gets away, you should know that. All that running and the world still managed to find you. First Keith tracked you down when you ran, now me.” Frank gave a snide smile. “You should thank me, Elise, I got rid of that stalker of yours, and the idiot boy-toy of yours. And this way, you’ll be in my heart forever, ‘cause as long as the house stands, I’m going to keep going on and on.” He spoke softly, and could have been discussing any number of bland topics, but certainly not murder by the tone of his voice. “So here I am, to finally put you out of your misery.”
Elise was sick of the running, the fear, and she had decided she would stand no more of it. 
 “That’s kind of the point.” She advised her intruder.
“What’s that supposed to mean, lovely?” The snide smile was now a sneer.
“I’m doing one of the many things I’m good at” Elise replied, as though that explained the entire situation.
“What’s that?” Frank urged her.
“Being the bait.”
***
Back at the house James had already parked, and with his torch in hand, had skirted around the house, climbed past the police tape and through the window of the back room. Elise had told James exactly where the body was according to Frank – under the stairs. Elise had reasoned that the entrance was through the small door in the back room, and she was right.
James placed the torch on the floor, pried open the door with the crowbar he had brought with him, and opened the small cavity that heaved with a sigh at the heavy air it trapped being released. The space was cleared out by forensics no doubt, but James knew there would be more, and he tapped about the inner walls of the space under the stairs until he heard an echo. Using his leg, he kicked at the panelling until it dislodged and broke into dusty pieces of board. Once he pulled the pieces away, James saw the body, shrivelled and preserved under the stairs like Frank had said, hands gnarled and limbs contorted. James reached around his pocket and drew out a small can of lighter fluid and his matches. Wasting no time he lit one, and pulled the cap off the can with his teeth.
At the motel, Elise reached into the back pocket of her jeans as Frank stood open-mouthed at her declaration of being bait. He took a step back, unsure what this meant for him, until she produced her hand again outstretched, and flicked the lighter on. His eyes widened as understanding weighed upon him. “Turns out,” Elise spoke, taking a step forward, “if we burn your body, and level that house, you are as good as dead. Or deader than you are now anyway. Gone for good.”
Frank’s smile was long gone and a new desperation took hold of him. Elise lowered the lighter, but the message was never stronger. Frank turned to run, to get back to the house and maybe stop James, but instead felt a rising heat inside him as he stumbled into the fresh air. Frank clutched at his chest and sank to his knees as Elise stepped over him and off into the night.
The fresh scream that echoed out behind her stilled her nerves and she walked past the other rooms and to the bus stand to meet up with Miranda. From across the road she heard another scream and the concerned voices of other motel goers as they investigated the events. Two minutes later she was on a bus and an ambulance passed them on the way to the scene.
James was already at the hospital when Elise arrived, at his car, with the boot flung open as he stripped off his jacket and swapped it for a fresh one inside. Elise scrunched her nose up at the smell. 
“So, it’s done?” she asked.
“You tell me” James retorted, donning a fresh jacket and turning his back on the open boot.
“It’s done, thank God. No more freaky house, no more freaky Malachi.” Ambulance sirens rang out and the vehicle drew up to the doors of the emergency entrance.
“We’ll have to see how he deals though.” James remarked as Malachi was transported from the ambulance to the hospital.
Elise looked at James surprised. “He’s not dead?” 
“No, the thing that had him’s gone. Now it’s just Malachi. No more Frank.”
“Will he remember anything?” Elise asked staring at the hospital doors as James fumbled about the boot and produced a cigarette.
“With any luck, he won’t remember a thing.”
“But, won’t the police get him for the murders?” Elise had a pitying tone in her voice.
“Yeah, but he might get off with insanity.” James spun about and lit the cigarette he had in his mouth.
Elise gave him a sly look. “I thought you only smoked when you’re stressed?” she referenced back to his statement of a few days ago.
“It’s a celebratory cigarette” he replied, drawing deeply. Elise reached for the cigarette and pulled it from James’s mouth, tossed it to the ground and swivelled her shoe on it to put it out.
“Hey!”
“No smoking while we’re working together.”
“Working together?” there was almost a scoffing tone in his voice, though her look silenced him from saying anything more.
“You have to be wondering what you’ll do next, right?”
James patted his jacket as though looking for something. “First thing I’m doing is getting out of here. Don’t like hospitals. Too busy.” He continued to pat his pockets before he turned to the car boot again and started rummaging through a bag. James had already started seeing the spirits trapped on the grounds. He was right, the sheer number of passings here meant walking the corridors was a practical impossibility for him.
Realising what James was looking for, Elise reached to the smoky jacket he had just peeled off and pulled out James’ pill box, shaking it next to his head. He took the box gratefully and swallowed a couple of tablets before he slammed the boot door down and rested against the car.
“Better?” Elise asked, to which he nodded. James looked over her thoughtfully as he righted himself and headed to the driver’s side door. 
James paused before he opened the door. “I’m going to stay at a motel in the next town for the next couple of nights, ‘till I figure out where to go next... If you want to find me.” Elise smiled at him. “Only if you…” James added, but then trailed off, and hurriedly got in the car, embarrassed at making the offer.
Before he even started up the engine Elise walked towards the hospital doors, looking forward to seeing Miranda and letting her know everything was alright again, even though everything was different. She crossed her arms, strode into the front doors and kept smiling.


