

The Island

Part 3
by

Michael Stark

SMASHWORDS EDITION

PUBLISHED BY: Michael Stark on Smashwords

The Island - Part 3
Copyright © 2012 by Michael Stark

All rights reserved. Without limiting the rights under copyright reserved above, no part of this publication may be reproduced without the author’s written permission, except in the case of brief quotations embodied in critical articles or reviews.

This is a work of fiction. Names, characters, places, brands, media, and incidents are either the product of the author's imagination or are used fictitiously.  

Forward:

This is Part 3 of the Island. If you’ve not read Parts 1 & 2, go back and read them first. If you can’t find them, come visit me at http://www.michael-stark.com/ for a list of places where you can read them free. 


MS 



Chapter X - The Beginning of the End


This is Christine Arapaloe, with your WKLE news wrap-up. Just to let you all know, this is an extended edition of Five on the Hour. We have a lot to cover this evening.

The woman paused. The hiss of her breath being drawn in came through the old radio’s single speaker clearly.

The World Health Organization confirmed today that the disease known simply as The Fever has been recorded in every country and on every continent except Antarctica. Figures released today put the world wide death toll at two hundred and fifty thousand. Spokesperson, Ellen Marks, said those numbers are expected to rise as the infection spreads and medical facilities become increasingly overwhelmed. The disease continues its eastward march, radiating outward from its epicenter in Mexico with the United States, Europe, and Africa ranking among the hardest-hit areas. Middle Eastern countries are reporting substantial numbers as well. 
From the Far East, indications are that The Fever has not yet gained a strong foothold. Incidents have been scattered and isolated. With a fifth of the world’s population living within its borders, China has enacted especially harsh measures to quarantine suspected victims. Stories have been circulating that rather than treat patients, Chinese authorities have ordered their disposal. China has denied the accusations, saying that the reports are nothing but ill-founded rumors.
Riots broke out today in several US cities including New York, Los Angeles, and Houston. Looters rampaged through downtown streets hitting grocery stores and food markets. Authorities said that in at least two cases, flash mobs had been instigated using online social networks, leading to speculation that Internet services might be cut to areas with large populations. In a phone interview today, ACLU spokesperson, Marilyn Levinson, said that the organization would be watching the government’s response to the developing crises closely, indicating that lawsuits might be pushed into international courts if U.S. courts denied them standing. 
Rioters in Los Angeles clashed with police and National Guard units across multiple sections of the city. Two center-city police officers were gunned down just before noon by suspected gang members not far from Huntington Park. Police snipers opened fire on the gunmen as hundreds rushed through city streets. At least 34 people were killed in the violence. LAPD spokesperson, Julio Campano, said in a prepared statement that the murderers would be brought to justice. He also noted that no charges would be filed against officers and that internal investigations into the incident would be suspended until the national emergency had been lifted.
Shots were fired in Kansas City overnight in two residential neighborhoods. Responders came under attack by unknown individuals as they rushed to the scene. An ambulance and a police car were found overturned and abandoned. The body of one EMT was discovered the next morning in a drainage ditch less than a hundred yards from the scene of the crash. Searchers said the body had been mauled and partially consumed. 
General David Brukhauser, acting commander of the newly created U.S. Forces Americas, ordered military planners to designate sections known as community blocks for the entire United States. He also authorized the dissemination of millions of flyers that are scheduled to be posted in the newly announced blocks. The flyers are said to contain emergency contact information, reporting lines for alerting authorities to residents who violate the ban, and list symptoms associated with the disease including high fever, uncontrollable coughing, increased aggression, hallucinations, and eventual death. The flyers note that Fever victims can also appear as if they have been severely beaten with massive bruising and bleeding from a variety of orifices.
When asked to define a community block, General Brukhauser stated that block sizes will vary, with those in heavily populated areas potentially as small as three to five square miles. Rural sections of the country may see blocks as large as fifty square miles. The General noted that community blocks will be the focal point of relief supplies and defines the area in which residents cannot leave without violating the travel ban. The idea, Brukhauser said, is not to ban all travel, but to eliminate transmission of the disease across community boundaries.
This afternoon, the CDC announced that reports from across the nation indicate The Fever is spreading rapidly and appears to be uncontainable. Officials are pleading with residents to remain indoors and limit their risk of exposure as much as possible. CDC spokesperson, Ann Trankin, said that early stages of the infection cannot be detected and that the only sure method of avoiding the disease is to avoid any and all contact with others. She estimated that the country may be facing millions of active infections at present. The organization also released new guidelines today telling residents to avoid all contact with animals, including pets. 
PETA decried the new rules, saying that many pets live indoors and should have the same protections as their owners. 
White House officials confirmed that the president and vice president have been moved to separate, secure locations where they will remain indefinitely. Officials also sought to downplay speculation that one or both men had been exposed to The Fever, saying that all persons accompanying them had been thoroughly tested and none showed any sign of infection. 
On another front, the White House moved quickly to quell rumors that the virus had been manufactured by a government or terrorist organization. A statement issued this afternoon stresses that the stories are irresponsible, unfounded and serve only to increase tensions around the world. Interim Chief of Staff, Dorothy Ortiz, said the president had taken personal offense to those suggesting that the disease may have escaped from a U.S military facility or secret biological weapons program.  Ortiz indicated that governments around the world were working diligently to defeat the virus.


The newscaster paused to catch her breath. The disc jockey evidently thought her segment at an end. The station apparently only had two DJs, or at least, only two had been allowed to travel. Right or wrong, radio voices had always fostered images in my mind to go along with the personality. Night brought out a man who made me think of ascots, Clark Gable mustaches, and smoking jackets. He filled the darkness with soothing strains that blended greats from every style and genre music had to offer. Glen Miller might front for Ella Fitzgerald. Louis Armstrong might slide in after the Carpenters. He blithely ignored lines that would anger a purist, and blended both ages and eras without worry as to who might be offended. Morning hours, oddly enough, put the doper at the wheel. Flick the switch on the radio and it might blast out Jimi Hendrix, coast along with Mama Cass, or venture along kaleidoscopic highways with Janis Joplin.
At least the tune-spinners seemed to get time off. The woman was the only news announcer I’d heard on the station.
“Wow, Christine, it just gets worse and worse,” the man said in his smooth Clark Gable voice.
“Oh, I’m not through, Martin. Hang on. You’re not going to believe this next segment.”

More than a dozen residents in Opelika, Alabama last night reported, get this, troll-like creatures roaming the woods. They were described as eight to ten feet tall, greenish-brown in color, hairless and exceedingly ugly. 911 callers reported seeing them on multiple occasions in and around wooded areas, and said they carried rough weapons such as clubs and axes. Two people are missing in the area. Police spokesperson, Evan Andrews, said in a news conference that the city would not be, quote, ‘arresting trolls, fairies, or any other mythical beasts,’ pointing out that nearby Auburn had more than a hundred cases of the Fever. He went on to note that residents reporting such nonsense might be infected and should be avoided.
The AP released a story today indicating that the quickly evolving virus has claimed more victims from the new symptoms associated with heightened aggression. A patient in Milwaukee set fire to a hospital last night, killing himself and as many as forty others in what local authorities are describing as the worst murder-suicide event in the state’s history. Officials said that the man had been restrained after screaming about small demons slipping into his room and telling him they couldn’t wait to eat his dead body. How he escaped his restraints is not known.
And finally, on a personal note, several callers have asked how we are able to stay on the air. WKLE released a statement today pointing out that, for now, we are considered part of the essential communication infrastructure.

Her voice lost its official tone and dropped into a conversational mode. “That means we’re escorted to work, stay here for sixteen-hour shifts, and then are escorted home. Trust me. We’re not driving around with the music blaring and the windows down.”
Static hissed for a second before Linda Ronstadt started feeling bad on her way down to Blue Bayou. Martin had chosen a good one, but I had little desire to slide along the musical meanderings with him. I beat Elsie to the off switch, rendering an abrupt silence in the room. 
“It’s the damned Chinese,” Devon said hoarsely. 
Denise, her ponytail back in place, turned abruptly, smacking Joshua across his face with the tightly bound tress.
“What are you talking about?” she demanded.
He climbed to his feet, his thin features hard and angry. Muscles in his jaw quivered, pulsing like an extra heartbeat.
“You heard them. China has almost no infections.  Explain to me how one-fifth of the world’s population gets to slide by when everyone else is dying,” he shouted. “They made the friggin’ thing and gave their own people the antidote. That’s how.”
The girl rolled her eyes. 
“That’s just crazy. No government would do that. It would be stupid to create a disease capable of evolving,” she retorted.  Otherwise all the vaccines in the world wouldn’t do them any good. By the way, an antidote is for poison. Vaccine is for disease.”
The man looked barely able to contain his anorexic anger. “You’re calling me crazy? How much clearer does it have to be? They’re not dying. If they didn’t do it, who did?”
Joshua leaned over to look at his friend, still wiping at the eye that had borne the brunt of the ponytail assault. “That’s all we need--a war on top of a pandemic.”
Elsie shook her head. “It ain’t the Chinese.”
Devon looked hard at her. “How do you know?”
She frowned. “Settle down, boy. They may be able to make a disease, but not little demon critters like Hill William seen? No, it’s all tied together somehow.”
He wanted to argue. I didn’t blame him. Nothing about The Fever seemed natural. Riding on top of the peculiar list were two items that seemed at odds with each other. Diseases that killed rapidly usually burned themselves out in a relatively short period of time. Quarantine measures had proven extremely successful at stamping out such infections using logic that worked for firefighters and doctors alike.  The virus needed a constant supply of new hosts. Break the chain of infection and it died just like a wildfire severed from its source of fuel. 
Diseases that killed slower had often proved more successful in the wild. Ebola and AIDS highlighted the difference perfectly. The first killed rapidly. The second could take years or even decades. Both used blood-borne avenues of transmission. The reason one ran rampant across the world while the other hadn’t could be directly attributed to the speed at which they killed. Ebola needed new a victim within days. AIDS could lie in wait for years until it found a new host.
The travel ban acted like a quarantine. The terrifying rise in infection rates and mortalities didn’t concern me as much as the disease suddenly appearing in isolated areas where the odds of exposure should have been nil in the first place. The situation pointed to transmission vectors we didn’t understand. Add to that, a virus capable of mutating at will and The Fever seemed too perfect. Everything about it felt manufactured, not by nature, but by men who wanted a weapon. 
 “Well, I haven’t seen any demons,” Devon finally muttered. 
“I’m not the only one. Something out there is eating people,” I interjected. Denise and Devon both had stubborn looks on their faces. I didn’t need a confrontation over something we couldn’t control. “Every broadcast has a weird story. Yesterday, people were talking about monsters in Washington. Tonight, the bogeymen were ten feet tall and green.”
Jessie, the dark-haired girl who rarely spoke at the gatherings, ventured hesitantly, “The news did say that those types of reports were from fever-induced hallucinations.”
“I don’t have a fever. I could go along with that diagnosis if I hadn’t aged a year last night while trying to kill my own monster,” I said pointedly.  “The question I have isn’t if they exist, but how are we going to keep them away?”
Silence hung in the room. Exasperation swept over me at the blank looks the question had drawn. I waved a hand in a vague semi-circle.
“On top of that, we have a ton of work to do here if we’re going to survive. We’re sleeping on the floor and eating out of coolers, for Christ’s sake.” 
Joshua stroked his beard, his face thoughtful. 
“I don’t want to be a spoilsport,” he began and looked around at the others, “but, if I’m going to die in a week, I don’t care to spend it working on something I’ll never use.”
“I was just thinking that myself,” Kelly sighed. “I mean, why bother?”
Devon had never taken his seat after leaping up to level his accusation against China. He grinned sardonically. “Maybe the potheads down the beach have the right idea. Just lay back and let it come because it’s going to anyway.”
I wanted to argue with him, but couldn’t. I’d come to the island with the same purpose in mind. While the rest of the world built barricades and hunkered down in their houses, I’d set my sights on going out with my feet propped up on the stern, a cold drink in one hand and a fishing pole in the other. I hadn’t expected the end to be sudden or peaceful. At the same time, I hadn’t wanted to spend the last days scrabbling for survival when the outlook held less hope than winning the next lottery. 
 Pushing the issue with Devon would be like arguing with myself when I didn’t fully understand the reasons my outlook had changed. I sat as quiet as the rest, struggling with my own inner demons and trying to figure out why the need to survive seemed more urgent and pressing than ever. 
Tyler resolved that problem a few seconds later. 
“I don’t know about the rest of you,” he said from the corner, “but I didn’t come here to be eaten. I’m going to fight the bastards.”
The instant the words left his mouth, understanding dawned like a new sunrise. Before I could put thought to words, Elsie nailed the difference succinctly. 
“Count me in on that,” she said in a matter-of-fact tone. “I can’t stop the disease. But ain’t nothin’ gonna be chewin’ on my innards if I can help it.”
The thought brought back her earlier comment about the night watch.
 “Elsie thinks we need to bring the guard inside. I agree with her. Putting two people outside with our only firearm doesn’t make a whole lot of sense, so starting tonight, guard duty is right here.”
Finally, something generated at least movement. Nods worked their way through the group. 
I shot a glance at the old woman. “Are the other rooms ready?”
She shook her head. “Not yet. Kate and Jessie worked hard on them today, but they need muscle. Maybe tomorrow a couple of the men will help and we’ll get it squared away.”
“Then we’ll just sleep in here with the guards. Tomorrow morning after breakfast, we’ll figure out how to make this place more secure.”
I saw a lot of nods when I looked around the room. 
“Then let’s get set up for the night. I don’t want anyone sleeping in the open space in front of the windows. Let’s leave the watch a clear field of fire.”
Nervous looks swept around the table that time. 
I turned to Elsie. “I’d like to see the lists you were working on this morning.”
She climbed to her feet and headed toward the kitchen. 
Denise waved a hand. “What are we going to do about baths? I could really use one.”
Another chorus of nodding agreement erupted. 
“Me too,” Jessie said emphatically. 
I hesitated. The thought of a warm bath called to me as much as the rest. The question weighing on my mind was water. Eleven baths a night would eat through the drinking water in the cistern quickly. Even so, the thought of lying in my own pool of sticky sweat all night had less appeal at the moment than being thirsty.  Bathing wasn’t an option either. Sooner or later we had to do deal with the water problems and that moment seemed as good as any.
“Here’s the deal,” I said with a sigh. “We have running water in the bathroom and a tub. It’s cold though. If you want hot water, you’ll have to heat it on the cook stove in the kitchen.”
I let the statement hang there for a moment and then followed up with the downside. 
 “What we can’t have is the kind of long, hot bath we all want. That tub in there holds thirty gallons or better. We could burn through our entire supply in one night,” I said and followed the words with a grimace. “So, I’m thinking Navy showers.”
Kate frowned. “What’s that?”
“Use enough water to get wet. Soap up and use enough to rinse off,” I told her. “The experience isn’t great, but you do come out cleaner on the opposite end.”
Kelly rose and stretched. “I have an idea that will address both sides. It won’t take long to get the sleeping bags arranged. How about Tyler and I start heating water? We’ll use that big pot back there. It’s about a gallon I guess. We’ll supply that much hot water for anyone who wants to take a bath. They can mix it with the cold as they want.”
She made a face. “I think the temperature will limit the water usage more than anything. I know I don’t relish the thought of stripping down and pouring cold over myself.”
Elsie returned with a sheaf of papers. She shot a curious look around the room. “What’s this about people stripping down?”
“It’s a new symptom of The Fever,” I told her with an innocent look on my face. “People run around naked for some reason.”
“Well,” she huffed, “I don’t think anything would addle my brain that bad.”
Her comment drew the first laughter I’d heard in days. Elsie stared at them in confusion as the group broke apart. 
The lists were longer than I expected. The food items ran for several pages. What those pages laid out in stark details however, was maybe two weeks of padding. We could scrimp and make do for about that long. Beyond that, we’d be hungry if we didn’t find some way of replenishing supplies. 
The old woman knew what I was thinking. “I’ll get on the phone tomorrow. Earlier today, the radio woman said that food centers were being set up around the country The Judge might not be able to get us off the island, but he might be able to get some food delivered.”
“God, can you imagine the scale of trying to feed a nation?” I asked, even as my own mind tried to grasp the amount of work and logistics involved.
“Yes, I can,’ she said. “I was born in 1930, right at the start of the Great Depression. I remember boats bringing over government food. My daddy used to take a wagon down to the General Store and come back with big blocks of butter and cheese along with sacks of beans, rice, potatoes, sugar, and flour. They did it once. They can do it again.”
“There are big differences now,” I said. “People back then grew a lot of their own food and raised their own livestock. We don’t have that padding now, not here, not across the country as a whole. People have no sustainable food sources these days. Most will be dependent upon the government to deliver.”
She looked thoughtful. “That’s true. If I can get the Judge to agree to send out some supplies, I’ll see if he can’t use one of them big flat-bottomed boats down at the ferry and bring some chickens and maybe a cow. We’ll set up our own little farm here.”
I let her remark slide. I had no idea how much pull she had with the Judge or what authority he would have to arrange a food drop. I didn’t want to start banking on supplies coming in from the mainland only to discover it wasn’t going to happen. 
Back on the lists, several pages of hand tools and miscellaneous items followed. One of the oddest was several rolls of plastic sheeting.
I looked up at Elsie with a confused look on my face.
She waved her hand. “Most of that list came out of a storeroom down at the General Store. The plastic sheeting was mixed in with a dozen paint buckets. I reckon they used it like a drop cloth.”
That made sense, though what we would do with it was anyone’s guess. 
Tyler came by carrying a large pot of steaming water. Denise broke off and followed him to the bathroom, giving a fist pump as she went.
“Woohoo, bath time,” she crowed and grabbed Joshua by the arm. “Come on, big boy. You wash my back and I’ll wash yours.”
The night flew by, with some dropping out to bathe, and others crawling into their sleeping bags. Daniel nodded off first. He had sat silent and brooding most of the night, acting way too old for his six years. 
Around ten o’clock, Kelly walked up to the table carrying a big pot. Steam rose from the edges. “Your turn,” she said. “Everyone else is clean. You’re the only stinker left in the group.”
I chuckled. “Well, I guess that makes me stand out, doesn’t it?”
She turned and headed toward the bathroom. “Only if you forego the warm, soothing bath provided for you.”
Elsie poked my arm once the girl had disappeared behind the door to the bathroom. “Better watch them girls, Hill William. A couple of them have designs on you.”
I looked at her like she was crazy and told her so. 
“Don’t let your ego run wild. It’s natural that men and women migrate toward each other and the pickings around here are pretty slim,” she said and gave a dismissive shrug. “You’re the only man that ain’t took besides Tyler. If you want to know the truth, one of them other girls has been making eyes at him. We might just have some domestic disputes to deal with before long.”
I felt stupid. “Which one?”
She looked over the rim of her glasses. “Which one what? You want to know who’s makin’ eyes at you or Tyler?”
“Tyler.”
“Kate,” she said. “That blonde girl you don’t like.”
“What makes you think I don’t like her?”  
Elsie shrugged. “I ain’t stupid. That’s what.”
I didn’t want to argue with her. I felt nothing one way or the other about the girl. I couldn’t remember more than a dozen words between us since the first day. 
The idea of jealous rivalries in an already tense situation made my head ache. I rose and stretched. “These women have got to be twenty years younger than me. They’re better suited for people their own age. Be interesting to see how it all shakes out, but I can take myself out of the mix.”
Her mouth twisted in a wrinkled smile. “One thing you got to learn about women is that you can’t make those choices for them. You are right though. It will be interesting to see who ends up with who.”
I nodded but had nothing to add to the conversation. After a long moment under those sharp eyes, she waved me off.  
“Now go get your bath before we all start calling you Stinky.”
An hour later, everyone except Joshua and Denise had rolled into their sleeping bags. Those two had the first watch. I left them sitting at the bar with the rifle laid out across it. 
Sleep came quickly, despite a hundred things running through my mind. Again, the dreams came like scenes from a horror movie. Things crept through the night, ravenous beasts that drooled and moaned with excitement at the thought of fresh meat. Screams rippled through the dark images. Some of the voices I could recognize as human. Others were filled with an eager anticipation, like dogs on a chain with the smell of the hunt close and thick. In the middle of it all, Daniel sat with his blank, staring eyes. He looked at me finally, his head turning almost backward on his body.
“You don’t have long, Mr. Hill. They’re coming and they’re hungry.”
I wanted to ask him what was coming, ask who they were, but the words stuck in my mouth. I struggled to get them out, tears running down my face as the howls grew closer. Dark shapes milled in the shadows. Red, feral eyes glowed in the darkness. 
Daniel’s head swiveled toward me again. He stared at me with his empty eyes for a long moment, and then opened his mouth in a grin that grew wider and rounder until, like Zachary, it looked like he could swallow a softball. Rows of sharp yellow teeth gleamed in the dark and cavernous opening. 
“Or maybe,” he said, his voice suddenly deep and throaty, “we’re already here.”


Chapter XI - Motivations


The next few days dragged by. I pushed the group hard to clean out the old station and put it back in working order. Keith found a small stack of treated lumber under the porch that looked to be the remnants of wood brought in by the conservation crowd. Most had been cut for one project or another, leaving us to sift through the leftovers. Elsie’s survey of the General Store had noted a bucket of rusty nails. We had plenty of hand tools. None of them would do us much good without basic items needed for any renovation where security meant more than looks--more wood, heavy bolts, angle iron - the list seemed endless. 
The station had been built to withstand storms and raging seas that sometimes washed across the old village. The sturdy timbers and stout design had served that purpose well. They would serve us well too. We just needed to make it livable. 
The first order of business should have been securing the windows and doors. Keith attacked the doors, using the limited supply of cut-off pieces he found under the porch. The windows, arguably the weakest link in the line of defense, had to wait for shutters. We simply didn’t have the materials. Instead, we crisscrossed the longest boards across them as an interim measure. The result looked pitiful. It wouldn’t stop the thing I’d encountered in Angel’s stern, but until we found or figured out a way to come up with more supplies, that was the best we could manage. 
After studying the situation for a few minutes, I adopted a battle plan that basically said, if they come in, run for the stairs. Keith and Tyler worked on the hasp and lock that secured the bottom door until they had it free. I had them move the hasp to the inside where we could bolt the door closed if need be. At least we would have a single point of defense if things turned crappy. 
I had the image of Spartans defending the pass at the Battle of Thermopylae in mind. None of us had been raised from diapers with spears and a thirst for battle. At the same time, I understood the value in taking away the advantage of overwhelming numbers by forcing the enemy into tight quarters where, at most, we would be facing them one or two at a time. 
I had Keith move the hinges inside too. It didn’t seem to make much sense to lock the door on one side with those three little pins on the other side.
That strategy might have seemed overblown given that I’d only seen one of the creatures. I figured we could handle them individually with about any weapon. As ugly, gross, and deformed as it had been, I could have probably bested the little demon in a straight-up confrontation, but against several I’d have stood no chance. The thought of a dozen of them swooping in like bats with their raspy voices grating out a chorus of “We-lee-um” prompted the idea of retreating to the staircase. I’d seen only one. That didn’t mean he lacked friends. 
Elsie and the girls tackled the two enclosed rooms upstairs, leaving the dormitory for me and the guys. We cleaned. We moved out the items that had been stacked between the bunks. We laid claim to sleeping space and marked a drawer as our own in the two rough chests that sat against the wall. We listened to the four girls debate who would go in each room. In the end, they opted to all sleep in the biggest when Denise mentioned they might need a sick room later.  Elsie stayed out of that conversation as she had already picked the sole bedroom downstairs next to the bathroom for herself and Daniel. 
We’d grown accustomed to spending our meal hours with Christine Arapaloe. I don’t know why. Every newscast turned gloomier than the last. Each time, I, along with the rest, sat stunned at the bewildering speed The Fever appeared to be spreading. Counts of the infected and the dying doubled every day. Riots and demonstrations broke out daily somewhere in the world. The ban in the U.S. hadn’t aged more than a couple of days before stories started hitting the news about people fighting over food, fighting over supplies, fighting over just about anything one could imagine. It seemed we weren’t happy with the Fever laying waste to humanity. We needed to kill off the stragglers as well.
I knew we were only getting the highlights. With so much happening, news would have needed to run 24/7 to relay it all. We heard about presidents and world leaders, body counts and estimates, and stories that offered the most brutal assault on the senses. In upstate New York, someone had decided there was no reason to starve, not with a readily available food supply sitting around in houses. Police were finding bodies, not eaten, but butchered. In California, battle lines were forming between the northern half of the state and the southern half. Police and military units were swamped with refugees fleeing harder-hit sections of the country and rushing to get out of metropolitan areas.
The first few days of the travel ban had proven a couple of simple truths. Laws work when most obey them. They never work when police units are scattered, enforcement lines are thin, and those violating the order feel they have no other option. Rural areas had few problems. The confrontation between presidential power and a terrified populace occurred in cities pregnant with frightened masses that authorities could no longer feed nor protect. Military detachments would eventually shore up local law enforcement and draw a tighter net, but not before hundreds of thousands managed to flee.
As bad as those stories sounded, I knew millions, if not hundreds of millions, had to be sitting in their houses, staring at dwindling food supplies, watching the chaos unfold, and wondering what crisis would come next, who would live, who would die, and when the coughing would start. 
They had to be wondering because five miles off the coast, far from the epicenters and far from the daily immersion in military convoys and police lines, we were. 
I pushed the group hard because I had to. The constant stream of bad news, death counts, and fear generated a sense of futility in all of us. Every time I looked at the mountain of work that lay ahead, the effort seemed meaningless. In varying degrees, I saw it in the others too. 
Simple tasks dragged on forever. I caught myself staring off into space, as often as I did the rest. Elsie, perhaps understandably, seemed the least affected. The “why bother” question had an answer every time it leapt into her mind. All she had to do was look down at the six-year-old beside her. The worst had to be Devon, Kate, and Joshua.  Getting anything out of the three proved next to impossible. Watching the rest at work reminded me of seeing a video filmed in slow motion. 
Keith proved to be the exception, not just taking on work but adding his own touches to the task. At one point, I asked if anyone had any experience working with electricity.
He raised his hand. “I have some. My old man’s a mechanic. I’ve done wiring in cars before.”
“That’s perfect. This will be right up your alley,” I told him. “Joshua brought up a dome light I took out of Angel and one of her batteries. See if you can rig it up to provide some light in here. We need to save the propane lanterns if we can.”
I looked at Joshua. “Did you bring that box I had set out too?”
He nodded. “I set it and the battery on the back porch, near that other door.”
I raised my eyebrows in an “aha” moment. I’d forgotten about the back porch and its odd door off to one side. I’d meant to ask Elsie a dozen times if she knew what lay behind it, but kept forgetting. I pushed it away again to focus on the problem at hand.
“That box is built to hold the battery. Once you set it inside and hook it up, power runs to the 12- volt receptacles and switches on the front. There should be a repair kit back there too.” 
Keith looked up and scratched at his stomach. He looked like a young Santa in the off-season. 
“How about if I put it up there?” he asked and pointed above the bar.
“Sounds good to me,” I told him. “Those receptacles, by the way, will work with car chargers. If anyone thought to bring theirs, they can charge their phone off the box.”
I had no great expectations. The dome light would give off a pitiful amount of light compared to the lanterns, but the battery could be recharged. The lanterns couldn’t. To my surprise, he didn’t stop with the dome light, but added a couple of flashlights next to it. 
“We can save those D-cell batteries,” he explained. “I just turned the flashlights on and wired up the positive and negative sides to the same switch that controls the dome light.”
He flicked the switch on the box to demonstrate. The dome light came on and showered a cone of light down across the bar. The beams from the flashlights shot upward to the ceiling and scattered to provide an overall ambient light source. 
“It won’t be like turning on the lights at your house, but the three of them will provide a lot more illumination than just the dome light alone.”
The idea surprised me. I would have never thought about adding the flashlights in that way.
 “I think you just earned the title of Village Electrician.” 
He looked back over his shoulder and grinned.
“Don’t push it. This is about the extent of my knowledge.”
Unfortunately, his enthusiasm didn’t extend to the rest. Getting them moving proved difficult. Keeping them moving turned out to be almost impossible. 
We needed the right motivation. No matter how I tried, I couldn’t find it. Every morning, the new sense of determination that woke with the rising sun had dulled by midday and often died with the lunchtime newscast. 
I found it on the day The Fever claimed its one millionth victim. That number, of course, was an estimate, but a significant milestone as well. Not since the Black Plague had the world seen any disease attack with such ferocity, and never had it seen one strike so rapidly. 
Every afternoon, usually within an hour or two of lunch, I’d wander down the hill to the dock hoping to meet our newest resident. At least, that was the excuse I used. I mostly needed to escape the stupefying malaise that had swept over the station. For three days, Angel rocked gently opposite an odd-shaped vessel that appeared as empty as she did. 
On the fourth day, a man sat at the end of the dock. His name happened to be Gabriel. While the events that unfolded carried their own sense of futility, the act of trying to save him prodded us into saving ourselves.


Chapter XII - The Changeling 


The morning I finally met Gabriel, I woke to Jessie reaching out to shake my arm. 
“I’m awake,” I said and sat up. The sudden move startled her. She jumped back as if I’d tried to bite her and nearly fell over someone in the next cot over. I couldn’t tell who in the dark and my brain hadn’t sufficiently organized itself yet that I could remember.
My voice came out rough and scratchy when I spoke.
“Sorry, I seem to have two stages, out like a light or up and going. There’s not much in between.” 
“I’ll remember that next time you have watch,” she whispered. “You about gave me a heart attack.”
“Who is my partner?”
“Tyler,” she said in a low voice. 
“Let him sleep. I wanted two people on watch so one could keep the other awake. I’ll be okay. Besides, Elsie will be up soon.”
“You sure?” she asked.
I nodded and then realized she couldn’t see the motion.
“Yes.”
I spent the next hour bored and aching for coffee, but afraid the creaky old stove would wake the house. So I sat, in darkness too deep to do much more than stare at the gray rectangles that defined the windows. When Elsie emerged from the little room at the end of the hall a bit past five and headed for the kitchen, I was ready to thank God for her being an early riser. She made no excuse for the fact that she wanted coffee. Wood thumped and the firebox door grated. A few minutes later she had the old percolator pot sitting on the stove with a fire underneath. 
The kitchen had no door. In fact, nothing separated it from the main room except the bar. I imagine that long, low structure had seen a lot of food slid across to hungry men in the past. At that moment, I would have given up every morsel in exchange for coffee. 
Elsie knew that. She also knew I sat behind her, watching her watch the pot. I could have been a statue for all the attention she paid me. She fiddled with the damper on the firebox and adjusted the pot a time or two. Once she was satisfied the fire wouldn’t go out, she turned and headed back to her room. When she came back out twenty minutes later, the delicious aroma of coffee perking had me salivating. She poured two cups, handed me one, and pointed toward the door.
“Let’s go smoke.”
I grabbed the rifle and followed her. Neither of us felt much like talking for a while. The sky had begun to pale in the east, opening the same magical portal that opened every morning, when the fears of the night faded and the hopes of the day were born. We sat in the cool morning air, sipping from steaming cups, and burning through a couple of cigarettes before Elsie finally stood and stretched.
“It’s time to get breakfast going and them youngsters up. I’ll let the food do the waking. People that age are always easier to get moving when their stomachs are growling.”
She was right. By the time breakfast landed on the table nine more grumpy and disheveled people had risen to greet it. Listening to the radio had already become a meal-time tradition with Elsie serving as the Mistress of Honors. She turned it on once everyone had settled down at the table. The airwaves brought more gloomy news. Millions of new infections had been reported overnight. An estimated 200,000 had died in the U.S. alone, with the number reaching a staggering one million worldwide. Governments around the world, including our own, had released new plans that appeared to be stopgap measures more than anything else. Even Christine noted that the steps seemed designed to quell the rising panic than to offer immediate relief. 
For the most part, the people around the table ate silently. The one item that raised heads and stilled the clink of forks came near the end of the segment when Christine noted that a small community in upstate New York had virtually disappeared overnight. Those close to the area had called in reporting hundreds of gunshots with one man saying the disturbance sounded like a battle and wondered if Canada had invaded during the night. State police arriving on the scene after sunrise reported ghastly details from what appeared to be the aftermath of home invasions and cannibalism on a massive scale. 
Detectives noted that the doors on many homes had been smashed in or ripped off their hinges. Streets, driveways and lawns were littered with bodies some partially eaten, others mangled. Details were sketchy but initial reports estimated that more than a hundred people had been killed, many in particularly gruesome ways. One officer noted that, in some cases, he had given up hunting for bodies and started trying to put pieces back together.  He likened the carnage to a feeding frenzy, saying that the attacks appeared to have come while many were sleeping. 
More than twenty arrests had already been made, among them at least six fever victims. A statement released by the State Police said that several of those detained were violent and suffering from hallucinations, with one woman describing the attackers as half man, half beast. 
I watched Daniel while the announcer read off the story. He sat picking at his food, a slice of fried ham and one of the precious few eggs we had left, his face as emotionless as ever. Just looking at him was unnerving enough to send goose bumps racing up my arms and down the back of my neck. That kid was not natural, in any sense of the word. 
After breakfast, I left most of the group with Elsie. Keith and Tyler, I took outside and talked about the old woman’s idea of shutters. 
“Build the shutters on the inside so we can open and close them without having to leave the station. We need some way of securing them as well. I don’t know what, maybe a bar we can slide across the back.”
Tyler scratched at his head. “Where are we supposed to get the wood?”
I hesitated, even though the answer had become increasingly obvious in the past couple of days. More than a dozen empty houses and sheds lay scattered across the field below. I had no idea how many laws we would be breaking by scavenging from them. 
“Use the sheds first,” I told them. “One of them probably has enough raw lumber to do the job. Try and work out a design that does the job with a minimum amount of damage to the other buildings.”
With those two occupied, I headed down the sloping ground behind the station and made for the dock--ostensibly to check on Angel, but, in reality, hoping to meet the man who had evaded me for three days.  
I found Angel bobbing peacefully. Across from her sat the same strange little boat that had occupied the dock on the three previous days. The vessel looked like the illegitimate child borne of the union between a tug boat and a sailboat. A high profile pilot house squatted near the center of the boat. In front of it, a short stub of a mast sprouted antennas instead of sails. Behind both stretched a wide section of deck covered by a Bimini top. Where Angel looked longer and leaner, the new boat had me humming a bastardized version of the teapot nursery rhyme. 
“I’m an ugly little boat, short and stout. 
I won’t tip over, so take me out!”
Neither boat held my attention. The man at the end of the dock did. He sat in a fold-up lawn chair with a white five-gallon bucket beside him and a fishing pole in one hand. He wore a wide-brimmed straw hat and sat slumped in his chair as if sleeping. 
I hesitated on my end of the dock, cursing luck that would finally put him in sight, but force me to wake him. The internal debate didn’t last long. I figured if he came up angry, I could act as if I needed something off Angel. If he turned out pleasant, well, we’d have a talk. 
I shouldn’t have worried about waking him. Halfway out, with my sneakers barely making a sound on the old wooden planks, he straightened and climbed to his feet with an odd, stiff-legged lurch.
Elsie had been right about his age. When he turned, my mind sifted him right into the early fifties category. He stood about five-eight and weighed maybe 170, making him solid without being heavy.  The hat had seen better days. The edges drooped and the center looked like someone had shot a hole through it. The hair poking out from it carried more gray than brown. Aside from the Tom Sawyer headgear, he’d dressed in a sleeveless white T-shirt, charcoal gray cargo pants, and tennis shoes. The man looked hard, not the I’m-a-badass kind of hard, but like a weathered old rock that had been standing at the edge of the ocean for a million years and would still be standing a million years later. 
The bucket sat off to the left of his chair and held the dark outline of a tail fin against the side. When I’d stepped close enough, I peered over the edge. A pair of Spanish mackerel lay curled inside. Both looked to be close to two feet long.
“Damn,” I said. “That’s enough to make a man dig out his fishing pole.”
Dark eyes stared back at me, the edges scored by tiny lines that grew deep when he squinted against the sun.  
“That’s close enough. You want to fish, go ahead,” he said in a dry tone. “I’ll give you the dock.  I’ve been using Gotcha plugs. Tried the silver types first, but they seem to be hungry for the ones with the green body and red heads.”
I studied him, confused by words that came out cross from a man who mostly looked tired. 
He motioned toward his boat. “I have some extras over there in a tackle box. It’s sitting out on the stern. But, I gotta tell ya, I haven’t had a hit in a while now.”
I looked up. The sun blazed three hands high off the horizon, putting the time near ten a.m. “Yeah, it’s getting late for the morning feeding. Maybe I’ll come back down around sunset and give it a go.”
He reeled the lure up to the end of the fishing rod and used it like a walking stick when he turned. His right leg swiveled stiff and straight at the end of his body like a rudder pointing him in the right direction. The pants had been split from the knee down. Two pieces of duct tape held the edges together. White beamed from the slit between them.
“You’d do better up at the point,” he said. “You have to cast a long way here to get out to the moving water. Up there, you’d be right in it.”
The man shifted his weight off his right leg. The move came across as stiff and painful. I squinted against the glare and studied his features for a moment, trying to figure out what was wrong. The brim of his hat cast deep shadows across his face. The eyes peering back at me appeared unnaturally bright, gleaming from sockets that looked as if they’d been drilled into his skull. Sunlight glinted off sweat rolling down the side of his face, revealing cheeks that seemed gaunt and flushed. 
I didn’t have to take his pulse or check his blood pressure to be certain. The man was sick. 
“Name’s Gabriel,” he said as he clasped both hands around the stock of the fishing rod and used it to prop himself upright. The way he held it reminded me of a TV show I watched as a kid. Every day at four o’clock, right after school, I tuned in to reruns of Daniel Boone. I must have seen Fess Parker lean on his Kentucky long rifle a thousand times. 
The brain works in weird ways. I stood two feet in of front him, knowing that any sign of sickness should have sent me scrambling backwards with the theme song to that old show running through my head. 
Gabriel gave me an odd look. “You alright?”
My mind shifted gears back to the present. “Yeah, sorry, I went off on a mind walk.”
I did step back then, trying not to be obvious about it.
 “To a mighty oak tree?”  he asked with a frown. “That’s some walk. It sounds more like a plane trip.”
I winced. Two lines had played through my head. The man had just nailed the last one. I hadn’t realized I was half-humming half-whispering the words until then.
He shook his head as if to clear away the fog.  
“I ran into some of your folks a few days ago. A sharp-eyed old woman come down, talked a while, and then told me that a man my age should know better than to sit out in the sun all day with no sunscreen.”
 “That would be Elsie. Her opinion is not something she’s hesitant to share.”
He made a wry face. 
“I noticed. She also told me I should pack up my things and come up to the station. In fact, she seemed about determined that I do so and even got a little high-handed with me. There was a minute there I thought she might try and throw me over her shoulder and carry me up there herself.”
I said nothing for a long moment, trying to decide how to respond. Discussing toothy little imps that liked to feed on entrails might be pertinent, but might also send him scurrying right back out of the bay on his odd little boat.  At the same time, I couldn’t think of an excuse for Elsie’s behavior.
“Man’s tongue goes out on him, there’s a good chance he don’t want to talk about something,” Gabriel said slowly.  “So tell me, are you all cannibals? A cabal of witches? Or is she just used to getting her way?”
He offered a tight smile.
“Or have you all seen some odd things?”
It didn’t look like I had to worry about him running off in his strange little boat. 
“We’ve seen some odd things.”
He lowered his hand to about two feet off the dock, wincing at the effort.
“Little demon things about this tall?”
I nodded. “Yes. I shot one. It was eating on a kid who drowned the day before. I take it you’ve seen them too.”
“Then we need to talk, don’t we?” 
“I guess we do,” I told him. 
At dusk on the night I’d been blasting away in Angel’s stern,  a long, low cloud of what he thought were bats came streaming across the evening sky. He had been anchored in the lee of the island to ride out the storms and had just come out on deck when he saw them. They sailed in from the mainland like a massive river drawn across the heavens in thousands of black dots. Even at a distance, they’d seemed strange. As they grew closer, he heard them, a chorus of rough, whispering voices chanting something he couldn’t understand. 
“That’s when I hit the door and locked up the pilot house,” he said. “I shut down the main hatch, the portholes, them big windows on top.”
Whether they saw him, heard him, or smelled him, he never knew. He’d climbed back up in the pilot house to watch the eerie trail swirl overhead when he heard the scratching. 
“I turned and nearly crapped my pants. One of them little fuckers was two inches from my back, scratching on the window with its little hooked claws.”
According to the older man, the creatures had swarmed his boat, so many that he lost sight of the deck. He described the view outside the pilot-house window as one that looked like a leathery and winged form of kudzu, a shapeless rounded mass of lizard-like bodies, wide mouths, and all of them trying to get inside. 
He’d fled below and locked the main hatch to the cabin behind him. For thirty minutes, they’d crawled, scratched and eeked their way across the decks like ship rats run wild. At times he heard words. They wanted to play. One wanted to grow.
When I frowned at him, he shrugged. “I don’t know what it meant. It just kept saying it over and over.”
Then as suddenly as they appeared, they were gone, arcing off in the night as thousands of wings beat at the air. He couldn’t see them, but he could tell by the sound they were heading south. He had stayed below, locked away inside the cabin and waited for dawn twelve hours away without knowing if they were truly gone or would come back and eventually find a way in. 
“I had all kinds of images in my head,” he said, “but you know what the main one was?”
I shook my head. “What?”
“Parts, like those bodies in Washington that had been all cut up. I thought I’d find the same thing up here, people torn limb from limb and the world thinking I was crazy when I tried to report it.”
About an hour after the scratching and pawing had stopped, he heard the shots, the sound distant and muffled but undeniably north. He guessed another bunch had landed up near the point.
Dawn had brought sunlight, clear skies, and fresh cool air.  He had pulled in the anchor and started north thinking someone needed to tell the world. A mile up the coast, he had run hard aground. With the tide slipping away, he’d ended up stranded on a sandbar half a mile off out, waiting for the water to come back and float him free. Most of the day we’d spent cleaning, he had spent sitting. By the time the tide had poured enough water into the sound to lift him free, he had less than three hours of daylight left. Figuring that dead bodies weren’t going anywhere, he’d opted to cook dinner and hunt deeper water before sundown. He had fired up a burner on the grill, fetched a cast-iron frying pan, and started cutting up potatoes. 
He leaned over, spat, and wiped his mouth with the back of his hand.  His eyes burned bright under the brim of his hat. “I reckon it was the heat that drove them out. Three of them come piling out of the motor well. We went round and round for a while. I killed one, split his head like a pumpkin with a frying pan. Then one flew up in my face.”
The sun had climbed high enough to be blinding. I angled over to one side to get a better look at the man.
“I had one trying to rip my face off and the other gnawing on my leg like a little dog. I managed to bash the one on my head against the bulkhead enough to stun it. That one on my leg, though. He was hard to kill.”
His voice trailed off as if lost in the memory. When he came back, he shot me a weak grin. “But, I was inspired.”
“What happened to the other one?”
Gabriel shrugged. “Got away. It flew off toward the island. Soon as it come out from under the overhead, it started squalling, jerking. I don’t think they like the sun.”
Sweat worked its way down his face. 
“After I got here and saw people instead of body parts, I reckoned I’d sit out at night and see if I couldn’t get the last one.”
I stared at him, thinking about the thing that had crawled out of Zachary’s mouth. “You sat out here on purpose?”
His lips twisted into a crooked smile.
“Yeah, on purpose.  I suppose turn about is fair play. They’ve done me in. I wanted a little revenge.”
He bent over slowly, painfully, and pulled the duct tape off his pants. The seams split apart, exposing a thick wad of bandages taped around his leg from the knee to the ankle. He peeled the surgical tape off piece by piece. When the last bandage came free, he stuck his leg out for inspection. 
I don’t know how I kept from vomiting. The smell that wafted up reminded me of road kill after a few days in a hot sun. It had the same putrid odor of rotten meat just before it liquefies and leaks away in a fatty swirl of pink froth. 
Deep puncture wounds welled blood and pus in his calf just below the knee. Farther down near the ankle, a raw band of flesh wept openly. In between lay a mass of meat that looked like it had come off a butcher’s table and been thrown to dogs. 
A fly sizzled through the air next to my ear, sped out in front of me, and dropped out of sight. I looked down. At least twenty of the little beasts swarmed between the fish bucket and his leg as if they couldn’t decide upon the day’s meat selection. 
One of my high school English teachers hated curses. I don’t know how many times I heard Mrs. Kimble intone that filthy words existed for lazy minds. 
I would have disappointed her. 
“Damn.”
He glanced up. “You had one here. You kill it?”
“I don’t know,” I said after a moment’s hesitation. “I hit him once in the wing. He took off and flew up in front of the boat. I got one last shot at him flying away. He screamed. Something hit the water. It’s not what I’d call a confirmed kill.”
The older man shook his head. “I had to kill the one chewing on my leg three times. Felt that way at least. I wouldn’t believe it dead until I saw the body, held a wake with it, and shot it a time or two for good measure.”
 “You’re sick, not Fever-sick, infected-sick,” I told him. “You need to come up and let Elsie look at that leg.”
He scowled. “Ain’t nothing you or the old woman can do for me. I’m different.”
I must have had a confused look on my face.
He leaned in closer. “It’s like this. The day I got here, your Elsie come down and preached at me. I listened and told her no. You know what I listened to?”
I stared at him. The sweat roiled down his face, racing from temple to jawbone where it fell and painted dark splotches on his gray pants. 
“Her heart.”
He paused and glanced toward his boat. 
“I could hear it thumping like my own heartbeat--just like I can hear yours. I could smell you standing at the end of the dock, trying to decide whether or not you wanted to wake me up.”
The man leaned back, his eyes flat. “There’s no doctoring your old woman can do that will fix this. I ain’t never going to be the same again.”
“How about we make that determination once we get the infection wiped out?”
Gabriel looked up at me, squinting against the sun. He acted like he wanted to argue, but worked himself to his feet instead, leaving his pant leg rolled up. Muscle flexed right in front of my eyes. 
“These things are social animals. If one gets away, it won’t come back by itself.” 
He stared at me with bright, feverish eyes. “They’re looking for something. They’re the vanguard, the point patrol.”
I stepped back, my mind reeling from the smell and from newscasts full of heinous acts done by sick people. 
He caught the sudden need for distance that washed over me.
“I ain’t crazy,” he said, his tones close to sullen. He stood for a moment, leaning as heavily against the fishing pole as he dared. Finally, he waved at the bucket. 
“You can have those fish if you want them. I’m going to lie down a while. I don’t feel much like eating anyway.”
He moved past me, making a wide berth, and hobbled over to the side of his strange boat. It took him a while to get aboard. Once he made it onto the stern, he stepped inside the pilot house. Seconds later came the click of a lock sliding home. 
I took the fish, washed them in the bay, and carried them back up the hill with my fingers hooked inside their gills. Elsie and Daniel sat in the rocking chairs on the porch when I rounded the corner. Elsie puffed away on a cigarette. Daniel looked like he always looked--like a coma victim with his eyes open. Inside sounded like a beehive. Knocks, bangs, and voices erupted from every corner of the station. Someone had opened one of the dormer windows and thrown trash out into the yard. The sudden burst of activity after four days of deafening silence had me wondering who had lit a fire under them. I found out later that Elsie had decided she would only cook for the workers. 
She clapped her hands excitedly when she saw the fish.
“When the Spanish are running, men need to be fishing,” she chortled, leaping up from a rocking chair with an ease that belied her age. “Let me get a knife. We’ll fix those two right up. If you can get a few more to go with them, we’ll have ourselves a meal.”
The old woman disappeared inside and emerged moments later carrying a filet knife I recognized as having come from Angel. Daniel sat staring out at the ocean while she was gone. The sound of the door banging behind her brought a slow turn of his head. He studied his grandma for a moment, noted the screen door still vibrating, and went back to watching the waves. 
Keith and Tyler had built a stack of lumber behind the station. I’d seen it on the way in. I walked around, dropped the fish next to the cistern, and went out back. The wood they’d been piling up looked rough and weather-beaten. I pulled out two pieces, both about five feet long, to use as a cleaning station. 
The cistern sat on the lee side of the station, away from the winds and just as importantly, in the shade. One could always heat cold water, but with no ice, the old timers had no way of cooling it down. The best option they had boiled down to preserving as much of the night’s chill as possible. For that reason, most of the tanks around the small village had been positioned out of the afternoon sun. Elsie had once remarked that she could tell the season simply by sticking her finger in a glass of water from one. 
Lukewarm meant summer. Warm meant a hot summer. Chilly meant fall.
She had grinned at me then. “But if you turned on the faucet and nothing came out, well then I’d have to go outside to be sure.”
“Why’s that?” I’d asked with a frown.
She had thrown her head back and laughed. “Cause it either ain’t rained or it’s done got cold enough to freeze the thing solid.”
She hadn’t needed to tell me what fall felt like. My privates still remembered the sudden shock.
The word cistern conjured images of the round stone circles I’d seen in pictures of archaeology digs. The one attached to the station wasn’t much more than a fat metal reservoir supported by four legs that had been concreted into the earth. The top rose to a foot below the eaves of the roof, putting the bottom of the tank about four feet off the ground. Most of the tanks I’d seen around the old village had been made of steel and painted white on the outside. The paint kept the metal from disintegrating in the harsh salt spray. White reflected a good bit of the sun’s heat. The contraption behind the station followed the same design. 
“How come the inside of these things don’t rust?” I asked Elsie.
She took the boards and laid them flat out on the ground, positioning them underneath a spigot that stood out near the bottom of the cistern.
“Most of the newer ones have an aluminum or stainless liner. Some don’t. I remember tasting the metal in the water when I was young. It was a lot worse when it came from the unlined tanks.”
She looked up. “The old ones had a porcelain liner if I remember right. Water was good out of them.”
I watched while she cleaned the fish, trying to figure out what to do about Gabriel. Honestly, I had no idea. I knew from Becky that sepsis could kill just as easily as any exotic disease, even The Fever. I had no way of judging how advanced his case might be. His leg looked horrible and stank to high heaven. To a doctor though, it might just be another infection.  
Elsie made short work of the mackerel, scaling, gutting, and removing the heads on both in just a few minutes. Once done, she scooped up the offal and tossed it on a flat stretch of ground twenty feet from the station. 
I was impressed.
“You clean fish like a pro.”
She shrugged her shoulders and wiped an errant strand of gray hair from her face with the back of one hand.
“I’ve been doing this since I was a kid. Fish were a big part of the diet out here. We need more though. This ain’t enough to feed as many people as we have.”
 “I went by the dock and talked to the man who came in the other day,” I said suddenly.
Elsie looked up. “And? What did he say?”
“He’s sick,” I told her. 
Her eyes widened. 
“It’s not The Fever,” I said hastily, “even though he has a fever. One of those things bit him. It’s bad. His leg is infected. If he doesn’t get treatment, I don’t think he’ll live more than a few days.”
She raised a hand to shade her eyes.
“Are you sure?”
I opened my hands in a helpless gesture.
“I’m not a doctor. But yeah, it looks that way. He took the bandage off. Everything under it looked rotten,” I said and wrinkled my nose. “Smelled like it too. He needs help.”
Elsie glanced off in the direction of the dock. “We don’t have any antibiotics. You had some ointment in your first aid kit and a little bottle of peroxide. We have the whiskey. I can clean up the wound with that but it won’t kill no infection.”
“Can you try the Judge again? If he can get out a food shipment, maybe he can throw in some meds too.”
“What about those people you ran into when you went down the beach? They might have some medicine.” Elsie countered. 
I grimaced. “They might at that. I don’t think we’d get any from the Wall Street man even if he has them. I can go back down and ask though.”
She snorted. “From what you told me about your first meeting, you might get shot on sight. No, I have a better idea. I’ll send Jessie and Tyler down.”
“Why those two?”
“Because, silly man, Jessie is as friendly as all get out and Tyler is just a kid himself. They’ll be alright walking down the beach and they’ll be a lot harder to turn down than some wise-cracking old goat like yourself.”
She picked up the filets. “I’ll take these in and see about the antibiotics. You go catch us some more fish.”
For the first time since I’d arrived on the island, I didn’t need to be forced, cajoled, or talked into a task. The sight of Gabriel sitting on the dock earlier had set something inside longing for the water and a rod. I didn’t even bother going back in the house for a drink. A nice, tall glass of iced tea sounded wonderful, but to get it, I’d have to fetch it from the cooler in the kitchen. Inside the station, work, people and responsibility waited. 
All three could keep waiting as far as I was concerned.
Back at the dock, no sound came from the little tug boat. I climbed into Angel and hunted down the fishing poles, the tackle box and a camp chair. Once I had the gear, I headed for the point. Not only would the fishing be better, but the wind cooler and I could keep an eye on Gabriel’s boat. 
Carrying the items up the hill had me wishing I’d brought the dune buggy. The instant that thought crossed my mind, I remembered that the batteries needed to be charged. I turned back toward the station grumbling a string of curses,
Jessie and Tyler stood out in the yard when I rounded the corner. Tyler had my daypack slung across his shoulder. Full water bottles poked out from either side. 
 “Stay on the beach,’ I told them. “The walking will be easier. Besides, the day is warm enough to have the mosquitoes hungry and looking for food. In case you missed the concept there, you’re the food.”
I studied the two. Both wore shorts and T-shirts. Both looked excited to get away from the station for awhile. 
“The first camp is about three miles down. They’re friendly enough. Jim and Brittney, I think were their names. I’d try there first,” I said and then scowled. “The other one is another three miles or so down the beach. Good luck if you have to go there. The man is not friendly and the woman acted like a ditz.”
Jessie’s lips stretched into a soft and beautiful smile that radiated from her eyes as much as her mouth. “I’ll act helpless and bat my eyes. We’ll be okay.”
She looked up at Tyler. “You ready?”
He nodded. 
“How long you think they’ll be gone?” Elsie called from the front door as they crossed the dunes and disappeared.
“Three or four hours at least,” I said as I turned toward the little dune buggy. Half a dozen things slid under my fingers before I found the little windmill. I pulled it out and held it up for her to see. “I wish I’d thought to charge this thing last night. They could have taken it and been back in a lot sooner.”
The task took all of two minutes. Dad had worked out the charging in such a way that the windmill mounted on one of the roof supports. The cord dangling down the back plugged into a 12- volt receptacle on the vehicle. Next to the receptacle, a pushbutton battery tester showed the batteries in the orange range. I left the windmill spinning in the breeze, hoping my father had known what he was doing.  Rounding the corner, I saw the remains of the two mackerel lying in the sun and gathering flies. Rather than bury them, I hunted through the compartments on the buggy until I found a plastic shopping bag and took them with me. 
The next three hours drove home the reason I’d come to the island in the first place. I used white Berkeley grubs mounted on a red-head jig to jerk flounder out of the inlet, while the other rod sat baited with strips cut from the offal. Every few minutes, the surf yielded a whiting or pompano. At one point, I had fish on both lines and had to sit on one to keep it from being dragged into the water while I fought a fish on the other. I ended up with a dozen decent-sized keepers, more than enough to make supper for everyone. 
The haul gave me hope that we’d be able to feed ourselves from the ocean, at least for a while. Storing it remained a problem. Dad had often cut fish into cubes, strung it from a piece of fishing line and left it out in the sun to dry. If you could keep the seagulls away, the stuff lasted for days and took on both a unique golden look and a salty flavor. The result ended up chewy and fishy tasting, but still good. If push came to shove, we could dry the meat or smoke it--in theory at least. I knew little about either practice. The thought carried few worries. If we provided the fish, Elsie would know how to preserve them. 
My catch rolled with the passing water, strung out on a piece of line I’d brought with me. When I was ready to head in, I left the fishing gear where it sat and pulled them out of the water. At least fifteen pounds of fish hung on the end. 
I remember thinking that every day in heaven should be just like the last few hours. I’d give up the harp-playing and the flying any day for a warm sun, cool breeze, and an ocean brimming with fish that couldn’t wait to bite my hook.
Unfortunately, those were the last thoughts of heaven I had for a while. 


Chapter XIII - To Live or Die 


Tyler and Jessie sat on the steps drinking water when I rounded the corner. Tyler looked up and shook his head. Both looked hot and sweaty.
“It’s okay,” I told them, “we’ll think of something. Go tell Elsie I have dinner outside, will you?”
I walked around the side of the station and started unstringing the fish. By the time Elsie came around the corner I had laid them out in a line on the two boards we had used earlier. Once again, she made short work of them, going about the business of scaling and gutting them quietly and efficiently. She looked thoughtful, even stopped and frowned once as if working through something in her mind. 
“I called the Judge after you left,” she said finally. The old woman rose with a groan and wiped at her face with the back of her hand. “He said he’d see what he could do.”
“Well-“ I began.
“Wait,” she interrupted, “he called back about an hour later. His hands are tied. The government is running the show. Even the local police have to get authorization. If they don’t, they’ll be treated like travelers violating the ban.”
I blinked. “You’re kidding. The police?”
The old woman sighed heavily. “Yes. They’re running patrols up and down the coast. The Judge said the routes are laid out for them and they’re not to deviate unless they’re intercepting unauthorized boaters.”
She brushed away a fly and looked over her glasses. “That means all boaters. He said about the only way to get the drugs in time would be to go get them, which would make you an unauthorized boater.”
I blinked. “You’re kidding.”
The old woman sighed heavily. “I wish I was. He said the only way to get drugs in time would be to go get them, which would be illegal of course.”
“Then he started talking weird,” she said. “He went rambling on about his fishing buddy up on Ocracoke and how he’d acted like he’d forgotten Frank’s birthday. He started laughing and said, 'Remember how I let it go right up to midnight, then had his package delivered?'"
Elsie huffed. “Well, I didn’t remember no such thing. He never gave me a chance to set him straight though. He just kept going. Every time I tried, he would go on about me getting old and losing my wits.”
“Sounds like the lot of you are getting senile,” I said dryly. 
She glared at me. “I tell you, Hill William, my memory is just fine. And besides, the man’s name is Charlie, not Frank.”
I would have grinned if I hadn’t been so tired. 
 “You’d have to know the Judge,” she said. “He’s a sharp old coot. That detour of his ain’t like him at all. I think he was telling me something.”
 “This is going somewhere, right?” 
She wrinkled her nose at me. 
“I got to thinking, what if someone is listening to his calls. Then I wondered, if they were, what he was trying to tell me. Then I remembered that Charlie is a veterinarian.”
I ran a hand through my hair and yawned. The early start that morning was catching up to me. I had no idea where Elsie was going, but it seemed time to get there. Either that or I was going to yawn my way right into a nap.
“Okay, Charlie’s a vet and the Judge can’t get his name straight. So, what?”
Elsie reached out and slapped me across the arm.
“He has drugs, Hill William, right there in his house. I think we’re supposed to go get them at midnight tonight.”
I stared at her, skeptical and fighting sleep.
“That’s quite a stretch. Why don’t you call Charlie and ask him? That’ll clear it up.”
“Done did,” she said smugly. “Only I called him Frank. He said it was too bad I couldn’t come over and pick up my birthday present, that it was sitting up there at the point like it was last year when we had my party.”
She leaned over and looked at me over her glasses. “Now one of them might be confused, but two of them? My birthday is four months away.”
I scratched at my face, and thought how wonderful it would feel to have a warm shower, to lather up and shave, to feel clean again.
“You want me to go to Ocracoke tonight at midnight to pick up a package that’s going to be sitting out on some piece of land I’ve never seen?” I asked her trying to keep the sarcasm out of my voice. “And do it based upon two old men who can’t remember each other’s names?”
I let the questions hang for a second. “Come on, Elsie. I need more than that. Besides, if the government is spying on everyone, how in the hell would he let him know what we needed?”
She lifted both hands in a defeated gesture. “I don’t know. But, somehow those two men cooked up a deal. As far as finding it, the place has a big fire pit out next to a dock on the inland waterway. A fire right there would be easy to spot at night. But no, I’m not asking you to go get it. It’s too dangerous. I was just telling you.”
I knew better, and worse, she knew better. I had my moments as a wise-cracking ass, had too stiff a backbone sometimes, but responsibility weighed on me like the world sat on Atlas’ shoulders. Telling me it was there was the same as telling me to go get it, just in a different way. 
I turned, irritated and tired. “I’ll go get Gabriel. Then, I’m going to take a nap. I have a hammock somewhere on Angel. I’ll find it when I go down and string it up right there on the porch between two of those posts. I damned well don’t want anyone waking me up either.”
She said nothing. I didn’t look back to see what expression she had on her face. At the moment, I didn’t care. 
I took the buggy. The little meter on the back told me Dad wasn’t an idiot. The needle had been sitting in the red when I mounted the windmill. It ran up into the middle of the yellow quadrant when I pushed the tester button. If I left the windmill mounted, by morning the vehicle would be fully charged. 
Both boats still sat rocking gently against the dock when I pulled up and flicked the cut-off switch. I sat in the dune buggy for a minute and tried to decide what might be the best approach with the older man. He seemed as stubborn as me and as cantankerous as Elsie could be when her temper was up. 
The afternoon had turned out gorgeous. The air sliding in off the sea carried the warmth of summer, but lacked the humidity. A clear blue sky stretched overhead like a giant dome. Thin bands of white clouds streaked the horizon as if Mother Nature had decided the heavens needed a bit of lace to dress it up. Gulls cried in the distance, riding currents of air while they searched for food. From the dock came the occasional creak of rubber against wood when the fenders rubbed against the sideboards. Off to the west, the low-slung sun blazed a gold path back to the mainland.  
 I finally sighed and climbed out of the dune buggy. Gabriel would get no closer to medical attention or to the station with me lazing in the afternoon sun. 
I made for Angel first, where I dug through the cockpit lockers until I found the hammock. The thing looked flimsy. The line stringing it together wasn’t half as thick as the boat’s dock lines. Yet, I’d slept in it a couple of times and knew it would hold my weight without a problem. The little booklet that had come with it noted that it had been constructed using Para cord, a thin and incredibly strong line developed for parachutes
I went ahead and switched gas tanks while I was there as the one supplying the motor looked about empty. At the rate we were going, we would burn through my entire supply of fuel in a few weeks. My father’s voice echoed through my mind just then, telling me that maybe when I ran out of gas, I’d learn to be a real sailor.
“Maybe so,” I said aloud as I worked the cabin hatch open. The Judge and his horse doctor buddy could concoct all the secret handshakes and high signs they wanted. I had no intention of making a trip like that until I tried the official channels.
I leaned in, flicked the VHF radio on, and grabbed the microphone. Like before, Silver Lake answered. This time, the person on the other end turned out to be a man. 
“Go ahead, Angel.”
“We have an injured man here on Portsmouth. He is in need of immediate medical evacuation.”
”I read you, Angel. Sorry, but we have no authorization for evacuations at this time. You are to sit tight and treat him as best you can. Does he have a fever?”
I grimaced. The instant I said yes, all bets would be off. So, I lied.
“Negative, Silver Lake. His leg has been mangled and appears to be infected. His wounds are severe and life-threatening.”
“How was his leg damaged, Angel?”
I stared at the microphone, mind scrambling. 
“He was working on his boat engine and fell over the side while the propeller was engaged.”
Static fed through the speakers for at least a minute.
“Sorry to hear that. Either way, we are not authorized to evacuate. Nor are you authorized to seek medical attention outside of the buffer zone surrounding Portsmouth Island. Do you copy?”
“What buffer zone?” I asked.
“Every locale in the US has been assigned a containment zone. Portsmouth has been divided into two zones. The northern half falls under our jurisdiction. The southern half reports to military command located in Morehead City. You are authorized daylight travel up to one-half the length of the island. You are also authorized water-borne travel a distance of one-half mile from shore.”
“So, I can’t leave to get him medical attention?”
The dry voice came back immediately. “That is affirmative.”
“And what if I do?”
“Do not travel outside your buffer zone, Angel.” The man said firmly. 
“I want to know what will happen if I do? He needs a doctor. Forcing him to stay here is the same thing as issuing a death certificate. At this point, being detained would be a good thing for him.”
“I repeat Angel, do not leave your containment zone. You have stated that an unhealthy person exists within your zone. If you attempt to leave, you will be treated as a threat to national security.”
The radio jargon and etiquette wore thin.
“Are you kidding me?” I spat into the microphone. “An unhealthy person? What kind of designation is that? I’m quite freakin’ healthy. How about I come over and you give me some drugs for him?”
“That scenario is a negative as well, Angel. To accomplish that feat you would have to exit your containment zone. Do you have any other questions?”
“Yeah,” I said. “Which end of your mama did you come out of? I’m just wondering if you were born a shithead or worked your ass off to become one.”
I flicked the off-switch before he had a chance to answer.
So much for official channels. 
I snatched up the hammock and climbed back through the cockpit to the dock, where I tucked it into the buggy’s rear compartment. Gabriel’s boat tugged at her mooring lines across the narrow strip of wood separating us. He could be dead already. The thought had crossed my mind more than once on the trip down. I’d spent fifteen years with Becky. I’d heard her talk about the dangers of a wound becoming septic many times. Old-timers called the condition blood poisoning. 
Regardless of which term one used, the result could be deadly, even in a hospital with round-the-clock care. If the infection had entered his bloodstream, Gabriel’s chances of living plummeted off a cliff.
The problem I had was simple. He needed a medical professional, not a woodworker. Before the advent of antibiotics, a doctor would have taken one look at the wounds and most likely amputated the leg. Amputation and cauterization had long been the treatment of choice in the fight against life-threatening infections. 
“It’s why doctors are called saw-bones.” I said with a sigh and looked across the dock. I could toss the needs and wants around in my head all day. The mental gymnastics would make no difference. 
As odd as his vessel appeared, it also looked as tough and combative as a bulldog. Where Angel might be as good a weekender ever built, the older man’s craft looked capable of slogging through much heavier weather. I hesitated to step aboard. Banging on a hatch wasn’t quite the same as ringing the doorbell of a house. By the time you were at the point you could knock on the door, you were already in the other’s domain. The action was akin to invading a home and then knocking before you entered the bathroom. 
Conscious of the fact that I was doing nothing more than wasting time, I stepped aboard. Unlike Angel, where molded fiberglass formed cockpit seating, the afterdeck on Gabriel’s boat opened into a wide, flat area. Two seats sat mounted on columns near the stern, their bases firmly screwed into the deck. A Bimini top ran from cockpit to stern, providing both shade and protection from the weather. The grill he had mentioned earlier hung off the back of the stern next to the motor well. 
Gabriel looked to be a neat captain. The deck had been planked with teak. All of it, from stern to pilot-house gleamed as if a new layer of shellac had been painted on the day before. The stern line wrapped around the after cleat in figure eights. What remained had been coiled into a tight circle on the deck. Not one item appeared out of place. Even the thin lines supporting the canopy overhead had their bitter ends worked into a series of exotic knots. 
The main hatch that led into the pilot-house was more door than true hatch, with a thick glass front embedded into a steel frame. I peered inside, cupping my hand against the surface to ward off the glare, but saw little beyond the captain’s chair and helm. The steps leading down into the cabin faded away into darkness so complete that it looked utterly black.
 Feeling stupid, I knocked on the glass and waited, holding my breath and listening for the sound of movement. Water lapped quietly at the side of the boat. The mooring lines gave off a low grown when waves and current tried to pull the boat away. Sea gulls cried off in the distance, but no shuffling footsteps sounded below. 
Making a fist, I pounded on the doorway and called out his name, again pausing to listen afterward. When that failed, I tried the handle. It remained firmly locked into place. Over the next several minutes, I repeated the process over and over, beating on the door, yelling his name out as loud as I could, and then pausing to listen. Finally, hissing with frustration I cast about looking for something I could use to either break the lock or at least force the handle over to a point where I might be able to push the door open. 
I didn’t want to break the glass. Not only would it be irreplaceable on the island, but if the man simply turned out to be a heavy sleeper, I’d end up damaging his boat and making him angry. Breaking the lock might piss him off as well, but not like smashing a hole in the exterior.
The fire extinguisher mounted on the bulkhead looked like a good bet. I pulled it down and gave the heavy steel handle a couple of experimental whacks. That proved useless. The extinguisher was a smaller model, made for kitchen fires. Two hits cemented the idea in my mind that I would end up with fire retardant all over me before the handle gave. 
Frustrated, I set the cylinder aside and went looking for something stronger. The sight of a cable running out of the pilot house brought me to a standstill. I followed the thin wire up to a pair of horns mounted on a short stubby antenna mast. 
They looked huge for the little boat, monstrous things that sat on either side of the upright like giant horns-of-plenty. I reached out and gave the cable a light tug.
A deep, moaning wail blasted out over the sound, so loud I jumped back in surprise and nearly fell overboard. I would have if it hadn’t been for one of the idiot lines providing just enough bounce against my backside to let me regain my footing. 
“Jesus,” I gasped. That thing had been loud enough to wake up the cemetery half a mile up on the hill. Apparently, it was also loud enough to wake Gabriel. He came lurching up the steps in his stiff-legged gait. The scowl on his face looked mean enough to scare off half a dozen monsters.
He looked around until he saw me standing near the foredeck and frowned in confusion. Even through the thick glass, I could see his flushed cheeks and the sweat rolling down his face. I made my way back to the door and waited while he unlocked it. 
“What the hell are you doing?” He demanded, staring up at me with eyes as glazed as they were angry. 
“Come up to the station, at least until your leg heals up a bit and we can get your fever down,” I told him. “I used to be married to a nurse. You might think you’ll wake up tomorrow feeling okay with a big scab on your leg. You won’t. The wound is infected. Another day or two and the odds of you waking up at all just about disappear.”
The scowl returned.
“Don’t be difficult, Gabriel. You stand a good chance of dying if you’re not treated. Think of it this way. You want the demons dead and sent back to hell. If you’re stubborn and refuse, they win.”
The older man limped over to one of the deck chairs near the stern and sat down heavily. The material of his pants oozed clear beads that looked like water where it covered the wound. Even in the shade provided by the Bimini top, light glinted in the wet sheen seeping through the cloth.  Sweat rolled down his face, dripping onto an already wet T-shirt. His breath came heavy and hard. He leaned back and sighed, the look of defeat clear on his face.
I took the seat next to him. 
“Do you have any antibiotics aboard?” 
He shook his head. “No, I don’t. Since you’re asking, I’m guessing you folks don’t have any either. That makes going to the station little more than dying in a different place, doesn’t it?”
The edge of the Dacron cover flapped in the cool breeze drifting in off the ocean. Ever since the storm had passed, the weather had been perfect. October often ended up being one of the best months to be out on the islands. The overnight drop in temperatures tamed the hordes of mosquitoes that seemed to eat repellant as a dessert. The waters teemed with fish, shrimp, crabs--about every type of seafood one could imagine. With the month poised on the edge of fall and the beginning of winter, October stood as the last great hurrah of summer. The nasty weather would come. The days would grow shorter and colder. The sea would turn gray and ugly. The rain and wind would turn fierce. But not yet, not for a month, maybe even six weeks. 
“We have a chance at getting some drugs,” I said finally. “There’s a man over in Ocracoke who is willing to supply them if we come get them. As bad as you look, that means a trip over tonight.”
He raised his head. Even his eyes looked hot. 
“You don’t get it do you? I told you, you can’t fix what I have. That little bastard did more than eat half my leg. It changed me.”
I met his gaze evenly. 
“I’ll be more willing to listen to that assessment once we have the infection under control. Come on. I’ll make the trip. We’ll have you hooked up before morning.”
Gabriel sighed. His breath rattled in his chest.
“I can’t let you do that.”
I spread my hands out in front of me. “And I can’t sit and watch you die. So, we’re at an impasse, aren’t we?”
“Then I’ll go with you,” he said stubbornly. “I might not be good for much, but I can be lookout while you drive.”
I leaned back in the chair and clasped my hands behind my head.
“You’re sick.”
“You’re not,” he pointed out. “I’ll make you a deal. I’ll go up there and let the old woman do her doctoring. Come time to go, I’ll ride shotgun. You do all the work, the heavy lifting, and the driving. I’ll ride and watch your back.”
I thought it over for a moment.
“Alright, I’ll go along with that, if and only if, you’re up and clear-headed. Deal?”
“Deal,” he said and glanced toward the station. “Now, how I’m going to get up there.”
I jerked a thumb toward the shore. “You’re going to ride, just like me.”
He craned his neck and frowned. “What in the world is that?”
I grinned.
“It is part golf cart, part lawn mower, and the only transportation we have except for walking. It’ll do eight miles an hour on a flat beach. With our combined weight and the fact that we’re heading uphill, I’d say we’ll do five tops.”
“Beats the hell out of walking,” he said. “Let’s go.”
The pain had gotten worse since I’d seen him that morning. The simple task of stepping across a foot-wide space between boat and dock left the man groaning. Sweat poured down his face, dropping off his chin to paint little dark specks on the dock. I offered him an arm, but he refused and hobbled toward the shore, swinging his right leg out and planting it like a pole before shifting his weight on it. I had no idea how I was going to get him in the dune buggy. He solved that problem by half-falling, half-lowering himself into the passenger’s seat and using both hands to gingerly lift his leg inside.
I drove up on the ramp when we rounded the corner at the station. Elsie, Tyler and Joshua came out to greet us. The two men pulled Gabriel out and helped him through the door. I started in behind them. Elsie stopped me with a hand to my chest.
“Might as well stay out here and get your nap. This won’t be pretty and will take a while. There’s nothing you can do but watch. If you do, you won’t like what you see. Just stay out here and get your rest. You’ll need it tonight.”
I didn’t argue with her. She was right on all accounts. After seeing his muscles move in the putrid mass that had been his leg, I neither envied her, nor wanted to sit by and watch. On top of it, I was beat. Too many nights with too little sleep had finally caught up with me. 
Returning to the buggy, I pulled the hammock out of the rear compartment and tied it between two posts holding up the porch. Tired didn’t describe how I felt. The little curved bed swinging gently in the wind pulled at me in the same way sirens had pulled at Greek sailors. 
As far as memories go, I remember crawling in it, but beyond that, nothing until Joshua shook me awake two hours later. 
The sun had crawled deep into the western sky by then. The grass in front of the station lay doused in cool shadows. The dunes at the edge of the lawn and the top of the station still gleamed in sunlight, but night had begun staking claim to everything else. 
Someone had draped my sleeping bag across me. The mix of cool air and warm covers felt absolutely wonderful. Joshua waited until I struggled upright before retreating to the station. I watched him go with bleary eyes and a mind full of mean thoughts. 
Daniel sat on the steps no more than ten feet away, watching me. His eyes carried the same flat, somber look they always carried. I waited for him to say something, to open his mouth and utter some prophecy of doom, or tell me just how shitty my night was going to be. After a few moments, he turned and looked back toward the ocean.
The smell of dinner brought me stumbling inside, still rubbing sleep out of my eyes. A platter sat in the middle of the table, heaped with baked fish that Elsie had brushed with butter and garnished with lemon wedges. A mountain of fried potatoes occupied one side of the main course. I blinked when I saw the dish on the other side. 
“Where did you get the stuff to make a salad?” I asked the old woman.
She swept her hand in a broad wave toward the section of houses below. 
“There are a lot of wild edibles out there if you know what to look for. I hope you like honey mustard dressing. It was the easiest type to make from the supplies you had.”
“How’s Gabriel?”
She spread her hands wide and lifted her shoulders. 
“I don’t know. I cleaned out the wounds as best I could, but it looks and smells rotten. I’m not sure if all the antibiotics on the planet would help him.”
 “How’s his fever?”
“High,” she said. “I have no way of measuring it, but he’s on fire. He said he was going with you tonight. It’s a bad idea.”
I let the comment slide. In truth, I expected he would be asleep. The man was exhausted, sick, and hurt. It had taken a fog horn to wake him before. I had no real plan other than casting off around nine p.m. Ocracoke sat six miles north, across an inlet infamous for its shifting sandbars, the same fateful waters where Blackbeard had run aground during what would prove to be his last battle. 
Angel could easily cover six miles in an hour as long as she had enough water underneath. I couldn’t rely on that though. If the crossing went well, I’d pass the lights marking the entrance to Silver Lake and ease up the shore until I saw the bonfire. At that point, I’d drop anchor and wait for midnight. Three hours gave me leeway that I might need if the boat ended up on a sandbar. 
Dinner went well. Jessie apparently didn’t like fish, but seemed to enjoy the salad and potatoes. Everyone else dug in. The heaping platter emptied quickly amid smacking lips and groans of pleasure. I ate two of the flounder myself. 
Elsie turned on the radio once everyone was settled. Christine Arapaloe’s familiar voice read off body counts and new estimates related to infection rates. The last vestige of national normality disappeared when she reported that funerals had been suspended across the nation. The military had begun preparing mass grave sites for what some were calling a great cleansing of the dead. 
In some areas, no plans existed to remove bodies or even search for them. A new and growing trend painted an equally dismal picture of how far society had fallen. Empty houses in neighborhoods across the country, especially those suspected of being struck by the Fever, were being torched in increasing numbers by locals in an attempt to implement their own form of infection control. Authorities condemned the actions, but often were unable or unwilling to investigate the crimes. 
Hospitals had been ordered by military planners to refuse Fever cases. Thousands had simply closed their doors as the Fever swept through employees, decimating nurses and physicians to the point that the facilities could no longer render care. Although it had been busy issuing orders, the military seemed as frozen in place by the catastrophe as everyone else. Units were reporting high numbers of infections, prompting one general to suggest that patrols barely put in place might be curtailed for the duration. Hundreds of militias had sprung up in the past few days, with clashes between them on the rise. Two groups had exchanged gunfire the night before along the I-40 corridor at the borders of Texas and Oklahoma with one side accusing the other of chasing suspected Fever victims into surrounding blocks. 
An ABC report drew comparisons in Europe between the Black Death of medieval times, to the disease, suggesting that The Fever would not only eclipse the sheer numbers of the earlier pandemic, but might also surpass it in terms of percentages. The reporter followed that cheerless statement by noting in somber tones that 30 to 60 percent of Europe’s population had been killed by the plague. As if he needed to be just a bit gloomier, he also noted that the outbreaks had actually came in waves interspersed across several centuries
As before, the last minutes of the broadcast had been relegated to what the producers clearly believed news of the odd and weird. 
In Texas City, a suburb of Houston, an explosion at a refinery had been reported after workers supposedly battled a horde of beasts that crawled out of the covers to underground wastewater facilities. Eight employees were confirmed dead in the ensuing blaze. Fourteen others were missing. Survivors reported seeing several workers being dragged down into the sewers by creatures described as six feet tall with long, barbed tails, and glowing yellow eyes. One man said hair on the beasts writhed as if it had been infested with snakes. 
A woman in Maryland had called 911 to report that an ogre had just killed her husband. Dispatchers said the woman was distraught and indicated the monster had smashed his head in with a club the size of a small tree. No confirmation of either the killing or the monster was possible as the house proved empty by the time responders arrived. 
The woman on the radio paused. When she came back her tone had shifted. Drifting through speakers came the clear sounds of both incredulity and fear.

For all you crypto-zoologists and end-of-time believers out there, this segment will surely lend precedence to your stance. A retired police officer outside of Crestview, Florida, who had been called back into service when the president declared martial law, was driving on a remote section of Highway 90, just off the I-10 corridor when he came across several vehicles in what looked like a multi-car pileup. On closer investigation, most of them appeared to be National Guard transports, with two or three civilian vehicles interspersed between them. The officer, Calvin Jones, said that bodies were everywhere, and that many appeared to have been ripped apart. Shortly after calling in the incident, dispatchers received another call from Jones, who sounded alarmed and frightened. 
Officer Jenny Morrison, who was working the desk, said Jones spoke in hushed tones about a hooded figure floating above one of the corpses. According to Morrison, he described it as being entirely shrouded in a dark, hooded robe and clutching a long, gleaming knife. Moments later, Morrison said Jones began cursing and yelling something about little demons rising from the corpses. She noted several gunshots, followed by the sound of the retired officer screaming. The transmission stopped abruptly. Investigators found Jones, in their words, gutted like a deer, his corpse hanging between two tree branches. No official explanation for the incident has been issued. 

“And I bet one won’t be,” her male counterpart broke in. “I never realized there were so many crazies in the general population. Maybe this disease is a type of genetic cleansing.”
“I wouldn’t be so quick to jump to conclusions,” Arapaloe fired back in a voice that sounded tired and irritated. “Something is out there.  Either that or this is the greatest mass hallucination event in the history of the world.”
“Surely you don’t believe this stuff, Christine. These stories just make it worse. Every little noise from now on will have monsters or the devil behind it.” the man said mockingly.  “We’re creating our own supernatural folklore right now, just like people did when they lived in caves and needed to invent gods and goddesses to protect them. This is ignorance at its finest.”
“Maybe this jerk should come over here and see what one of these things can do,” Joshua spoke up from the opposite side of the table. “She’s right. Something is out there, a lot of them from the sound of it.”
Denise waved her hand to silence him. 

Officials are estimating that several thousand people have been arrested or detained in violation of the travel ban. At least five hundred have been killed. Police note that violators are often armed and believe they are justified in moving their families away from Fever-stricken areas. 
The Centers for Disease Control reported today that the U.S. military has assumed control of operations. The statement, issued just before four o’clock this afternoon, was brief and indicated that the agency might suspend the policy of providing public estimates of infection rates and casualty counts. Critics pounced on the decision as censorship, while the military indicated the move would best protect citizens by reducing the widespread terror associated with disease symptoms. 
The news was not well received.
As one pundit put it, ‘How am I better served by being dumb?’
Private sources, however, had no issue with making public statements. The American Medical Association released grim predictions today, saying the U.S. could easily sustain one hundred to one hundred and fifty million casualties from The Fever and said the number could even be higher when associated factors were taken into account. When asked what he meant by associated, spokesperson David Morehouse ran off a list of potentially fatal issues that could arise from the general lack of medical care, including starvation, reduced sanitary conditions, armed conflicts and serious medical conditions that required frequent or constant attention.
And in local news, the suspected case of The Fever reported yesterday has been confirmed. Sheriff Dwight Little said that the arrests he is credited with making yesterday may have prevented more deaths from the disease.  The vehicle, driven by Alex Romer from Salem, Massachusetts, crashed during a high speed chase down route 9 with Little in pursuit. Romer was killed instantly. His wife and daughter survived the accident, but hospital officials indicate both have been quarantined after showing symptoms of virus. Donita Romer is listed in critical condition. Eight-month-old Chelsea sustained few injuries, but appears to be in the advanced stages of the infection. The hospital has implemented a full containment policy for both mother and daughter. Mrs. Romer is not expected to survive her injuries. 

The ascot man came back on once the news had ended.
“Christine, what’s the official word regarding Sherriff Little? Is it possible that he could have been infected by these people?”
“It’s not likely, Martin. The military commander in charge of this area, Lieutenant J. L. Davis, said that Little had followed all guidelines in making the stop. That included donning protective gear designed to stop viral and bacterial transmission. Little will undergo mandatory testing and a ten-day observation period, but Lieutenant Davis said the odds of infection were virtually zero.”
I turned the radio off this time instead of Elsie. Night had begun closing in. Weak, gray light seeped through the station windows. In half an hour, I would be bumbling around in the dark and wanted to be aboard Angel before then. The rifle would stay at the station. I couldn’t navigate the crossing and hang on to it anyway. The thought of sitting defenseless in the back of the boat, surrounded by darkness, didn’t set well either. 
I had a plan to remove some of the uncertainty--one that involved mosquito netting and a cast net. I had both on the boat and hoped I could use the boom to fashion a make-shift tent to cover the cockpit. The setup might not stop the toothy little bastards, but they’d have to fight their way through it. At the very least, the covering should give me time to react.  
I rose from the table and stretched. 
“It’s time for me to get moving. I’ll take the buggy down. If all goes well, I should be back sometime between one and two. You folks get some sleep. Tonight may turn out to be a long one.”
Tyler pushed his hair out of his eyes. “We’ve set the watch so that Kate will be on duty when you get back. She’s a dental hygienist. That’s the closest thing we have to a medical person.”
Elsie sat back in her chair. “I’ll be up too. I’ve given a few shots in my day.”
“Let’s go then.” Gabriel’s voice sounded from the stairwell behind me. 
Chairs creaked as everyone turned. The man stood leaning against the doorway. In the dim light, he looked clean, comfortable, and casual. If I hadn’t seen him earlier and knew how sick he was, I would have been wondering why we were going in the first place. 
I sighed. “Stay here Gabriel. You need the rest. I’ll be okay.”
The older man shook his head and studied the others seated around the table. After a moment, he gave himself a little push away from the door frame and hobbled stiff-legged across the room. 
“I’ll be outside when you’re ready,” he said over his shoulder.
“Stubborn,” Elsie remarked behind me in a quiet voice. “You two should get along fine.”
He opened the door and paused. When he looked back, he let his gaze sweep over the room, making eye contact one by one.
 “In my short time here, it seems two or three people are doing most of the work while the rest of you sit around moaning about what might happen tomorrow,” he said in a flat tone. “You can quit wondering. I’m dying. Take a good look because this is what’s coming.”
 

Chapter XIV - Angels and Harlots


Fifteen minutes later, I helped him climb aboard Angel. I dug out the nets and explained the idea to Gabriel.
“Anything to keep those buggers off is good by me,” he said with a nod.
We set about spreading the netting across the boom and securing it to cleats on either side. Twenty minutes later I stood in the stern trying to figure out how I was going to drive.  The inverted V we’d built not only drooped, but came down right on top of the pilot’s seat. After a couple of minutes pushing it off the back of my neck, I realized I’d have to sit in the floor to get any real protection from the setup. 
I ended up swinging the boom off one side and running another line from the mast to the little flagpole at the stern. Once we reset the nets, we ended up with an upside-down U instead of a V. The result gave us more room, but left the stern wide open. I sighed and looked at Gabriel, hoping the man had enough in him to truly be the eyes in the back of my head.
By the time we were done, the sun had disappeared completely. The bay lay still and quiet as night descended over the island.
“You were a little rough on folks back at the station,” I said once we’d settled down. 
He shrugged. “Giving up only has one outcome. I’d rather fight my way out than sit on my ass and wait for it.”
Gabriel pointed across the dock.
“We could have taken my boat,” he said. “That pilot house is better than this net.”
“I thought about it,” I told him. “But, I’m guessing it has a fairly deep draft, right?”
“Twenty eight inches,” he agreed. “What about yours?”
“Angel draws less than a foot and has concrete on the bottom. If she grounds, it’s no big deal. I’ll get out and pull her off if I have to.”
He shot me a mild look of surprise. “Her name is Angel? I didn’t notice that when I came in.”
Gabriel dug through his pockets and pulled out a brass key. “Here, take this. Over in the pilot house, there’s a compartment next to the helm. I have a .32 revolver in there. Go get it and take a look at the stern before you come back.”
I climbed through the netting, excited at the thought of having another weapon. The gun turned out to be heavier and larger than I’d expected and carried a longer barrel than the snub nosed varieties I’d seen. A box of bullets lay next to it. I snatched up both and locked the pilot house behind me.
Halfway back, his comment about the stern came flooding back. I turned and walked to the end of the dock, stared for a moment, and headed back to the sailboat.
“Ark Angel?” I asked as I climbed through the netting, wondering how many people had looked at the name and thought the man couldn’t spell.
He grinned weakly. The casual, comfortable image of a man leaning against a doorway had evaporated. Sweat beaded across his forehead even though he shivered in the cool air. His eyes had a glassy, detached look about them. I slid the pistol into my pants pocket. Extra eyes would be fine. A hallucinating man waving a gun would not be. 
“It’s a play on words and my name. When I was working on the boat, one of the delivery men looked at it and asked me if I was building a miniature version of Noah’s Ark.” 
He settled back against the cabin bulkhead and crossed his arms as if he were cold. “Gabriel was an archangel. So, I ended up with Ark and Angel. But, here’s the question of the year. Who would have thought that out of a million boats on the East Coast, we’d end up with two angels parked at the same dock? Maybe it’s an omen.”
“Let me get you a jacket,” I told him. “I’m not sure what’s left on the boat, but I’ll dig up something. As far as the omen goes, let’s hope it doesn’t mean we’ll need angels.”
I went below and poked through the lockers with little success. Joshua and the girls had stripped Angel bare. Other than sailing gear, the water in her kitchen tank, and a few personal items, the cabin had been cleaned out. Even the glasses and silverware were gone. Apparently, they hadn’t deemed the cartons of cigarettes important enough to bring back. I dug a pack out and hunted down a lighter in the sink drawer. 
I ended up making another trip across the dock, returning with a jacket and a blanket. To my dismay, Gabriel didn’t seem to be a tea-drinking man. I settled for a six-pack of Cokes I found stuffed inside a cooler. 
With a couple of hours to spare, I turned on the old laptop and studied the map of the inlet. We would need to steer close to forty-five degrees on the way across. The angle surprised me. In my mind, the island lay due north. 
The GPS would serve as both compass and ship’s clock on the trip. I cut power to everything else. I wanted to present as little light as possible while we were on the water. At the same time, I needed the best options available for navigating the crossing. Choosing between the huge marine compass and the GPS display came down to a trade-off between how much light we gave off and being able to see the route ahead. 
A true sailor might have gone with the compass. I’ll admit to not being a true sailor. I had set the screen on the GPS to its maximum range of three miles. With a six-mile crossing ahead of us, that meant display should start etching off the coastline of Ocracoke at the top of the screen about the time Portsmouth dropped off the bottom. I’d also set a waypoint on the GPS while moored to the dock. The unit would go crazy trying to find a road in the middle of the water, but the little arrow at the top of the screen would point the way home when I punched the return button.
Men had crossed oceans for centuries with a compass as their main aid to navigation. I’d take being able to visually see my destination over the little marks on the illuminated dial any day. My dad might roll in his grave at the thought. If so, he could roll away. I’d rather him do that than snicker because his son was lost.
When the time readout clicked over to nine, I pulled in the lines, fired up the engine and backed Angel away from the dock. Gabriel sat facing me, his bad leg stretched out on the port seat, and his back against the cabin bulkhead.  He seemed alert enough, raising glazed eyes and studying the dark waters as they slid by. At the same time, the infection had clearly been working on him. He spent most of the ride shivering, huddled up inside the blanket as if we were steering through arctic waters. 
A gentle fog had settled in, one that clung to the water but dissipated overhead. Looking up, stars glittered in the night sky. Ahead, the night dissolved into a murky wall. I couldn’t decide whether to curse or rejoice. The reduced visibility would cloak our passage on one hand, but block out harbor lights on the other until we were nearly upon them. 
I went easy on the throttle in order to reduce the engine noise. We had plenty of time. With the Magellan indicating a speed close to four knots, I estimated that the crossing would slide by in an hour and a half.  I could be happy with that pace and even more pleased if we made it quiet enough to slip by Silver Lake undetected.  
The biggest uncertainty lay with the incoming tide. I had no idea how far into the sound it would push us. I didn’t want to overcompensate and come in with the harbor entrance dead ahead. Nor did I want to end up so far out in the sound that I could motor all night looking for the outline of an island that lay several miles east. The ideal course would bring us up the sound side and leave Ocracoke lying off to starboard. The display on the GPS muted most of those worries. If the island failed to appear, I could bring my course back east until I picked it up. Either way, the window of uncertainty would be narrow. Within minutes of losing Portsmouth, I’d know if I needed to change course.
Angel rode the light swells easily, giving only a brief shudder when the energy of the passing wave slid under her. The feeling isn’t one that’s easy to describe. Imagine the earth sighing. Even smooth water on the ocean can feel as if the world underneath you just exhaled when swells pass. The motor tells you too, going from an easy throb as it rides through the flat space between to a sudden growl as it searches for water and torque at the crest. 
The night, though dark, carried enough starlight to make out the water. Down on the horizon and off to the east, a sliver of a moon pushed its way out of the fog like a gleaming ball being shoved toward the sky. Overhead, the Milky Way crawled across the heavens in a wispy and transparent river of light. Stars glittered in every shade of the rainbow, sparkling like rubies, sapphires, and diamonds strewn across a sea of black felt. The cool air that slid in off the water had me hunting my own jacket. 
Gabriel leaned back against the bulkhead with the blanket pulled tight around him most of the way. At times, he appeared to be sleeping. At others, he would sit up straighter and peer off into the darkness. Neither of us spoke. I didn’t know what fears rode across his mind, but mine centered on whether or not a giant searchlight would suddenly erupt ahead like a miniature sun. Slipping across an inlet in the dead of night would do no one any good if we both died in a hail of bullets. 
Forty-five minutes after we’d pulled out, the lights to Silver Lake Harbor penetrated the gray mist off the starboard bow. A few minutes later the tan outline of the coast appeared on the GPS. Rather than make for the lights, I kept the bow pointed north and slid up the coast. A new window of uncertainty opened when we passed the southern tip half an hour later. I had no real markers other than speed. Elsie knew the vet’s house hugged the shoreline about a mile above the town. I didn’t have to be dead on at that point, but needed to be close enough to see the bonfire when he lit it. 
I left the engine at half throttle for another fifteen minutes to account for the extra mile and hit the kill switch. The engine died instantly, leaving us silent and drifting. Climbing out of the cockpit, I waffled my way through the netting and made my way to the bow where I dropped anchor. 
I couldn’t tell you how deep the water was except that it wasn’t. Line played out in my hand for only a few seconds before it went slack. I let out fifty feet of rode and snagged the end around a cleat. Angel drifted for a moment then turned as the line grew taut and pointed her nose into the incoming current. Satisfied that the anchor would hold, I rejoined Gabriel in the cockpit. 
The older man nodded off at some point. I let him sleep. Not once on the way across had anything come fluttering out of the darkness. If the little bats from hell chose to show up in the next couple of hours, I could get both of us into the cabin. 
Most of my fears had also died, washed away by the lull of the ocean and the throb of the motor. I had no idea whether or not we’d come close to grounding. All I knew was that Angel had made it without a hitch. Even better, blinding searchlights had failed to appear. The only worry I had left tied directly to the fact that I didn’t know where the old vet lived. Second-grade math told me that we had to be close. A quick scan up and down the shoreline revealed no bonfires, but we were still an hour and a half early. I didn’t expect to see anything for a while yet. 
My Coke had gone flat during the crossing. I sipped at it anyway. After a few minutes, I remembered the cigarettes I’d stuffed into my pocket. The step from remembering them to lighting one took about thirty seconds. 
Gabriel moaned occasionally. I couldn’t tell if the outbursts stemmed from pain or fever-induced dreams leading him down ugly paths. At times, he twisted and jerked against the bulkhead. Others, he laid still, the groans sliding from lips barely parted. Sweat leaked down his face in a wet shine that gleamed in the dim light given off by the GPS.
I had no idea what else I could do for him. He had the jacket and a blanket to ward off the cool night air. Elsie had given him a handful of ibuprofen at the station. He needed stronger drugs, drugs I didn’t have. He needed knowledge I didn’t have, medical facilities I didn’t have. The list of things I didn’t have that might help dwarfed the few pitiful items I did have. I watched him tug at the blanket constantly as if trying to pull it closer, but warmth seemed to evade him. Every time he shifted position or tried to pull the blanket tighter about him, another low hiss of pain slid from his lips. I caught myself glancing at the digital readout on the GPS every couple of minutes, wanting the time to pass faster. 
At quarter past eleven, a small light flared down the shoreline in the direction of Silver Lake. Within minutes, the little yellow beacon had grown into a blazing fire. Despite the fact that I knew it had to be Elsie’s friend, the whole business had a rum-runner, smuggler’s-den feel to it. The sight of the fire sat me up straight in my seat and sent little alarm bells racing along my nerves. 
I’d never been a great judge of distance, but it looked like I’d passed the pickup spot by at least half a mile. Several minutes passed while I studied the shoreline for movement.
A groan from Gabriel finally stirred me into action. I pulled up the anchor and eased Angel toward the fire. We slid in at barely three knots. Twenty yards from the shoreline, I cut the motor and let her ghost in under her own momentum. 
A small john boat sat moored to a floating dock no more than ten feet long. I eased Angel in on the opposite side and tied up to a cleat at the end closest to the bank. 
The man waiting up on the little point looked to be seventy at least. He shook my hand, squeezing it hard enough to make me wince. The years might have taken a toll on him in other ways, but Elsie’s friend still had the grasp of a man half his age. He was tall and lanky except for the little bulge of belly that threatened to spill over his belt. A wild shock of Einstein hair and white eyebrows stood out against his dark, leathery skin. The effect looked odd, like he carried his own personal black light. I almost looked down to see if my sneakers were gleaming.  
 He grinned at me while he pumped my hand.
“I’m Charlie.”
“William Hill, friend of Elsie’s,” I offered in return. 
“Glad you made it,” he said. “Damn these days when the government thinks they can tell an honest man where he can go and where he can’t. Elsie said you had a sick one over there.”
I nodded. “We do. Actually, he’s in the boat. He insisted on coming.”
His face lit up.
“That’s good. I have penicillin and tetracycline for you. I drew up a few shots estimated at a weight of two hundred pounds, though you could go thirty or forty pounds on either side of that and be okay. Let me take a look at him. I’ll have a better idea how to treat him.”
I led him down to Angel. Gabriel lay spread out on the port seat, the same one where Zachary had spent his last night. I had to fight back a shudder at the memory. 
Charlie started to climb aboard and ran into the netting. He stepped back confused. I lifted up the edge and let him pass without offering an explanation. I couldn’t think of one that made sense. Starting off a conversation with words like demon-shroud didn’t seem conducive to generating either goodwill or long-term friendships.
 I imagine the old man had seen his share of injuries and wounds. Even so, he let out a hiss when he saw the mass of raw flesh. It looked worse than it had earlier. Tiny rivulets of clear fluid leaked across thicker streams swirling with yellow and red where blood mixed with pus. I don’t know how he stood the stench. It wafted up from the leg in a humid, throat-clenching cloud. 
I held a penlight for him while he inspected the wound. The cabin light hadn’t been enough even though Gabriel’s leg lay in the bright rectangle that poured out of the open hatch. After a couple of minutes, he turned to escape the stink and took a deep breath.
 “What in Heaven’s name happened to him?”
I hesitated, the same way I had with Gabriel when we’d first talked about the creatures. “Something got hold of him. I’m not sure what. I just met him today. He said it was an animal.”
“He needs a hospital. Even then, I don’t know if he’d make it or not,” the old man said in a low voice. “I tell you what though. I have run across about every kind of animal bite there is. That pattern and those marks don’t match anything I’ve ever seen.”
He stood up suddenly and pawed at the netting.
“Get me out of here. I need to set up an IV for him. Those shots will help, but he needs this in his bloodstream as soon as possible. You have anyone over there with any medical training?”
“We have a dental hygienist,” I said, knowing how lame the words sounded even as they were coming out of my mouth.
He stared at me like I was an idiot. I didn’t blame him. I felt like one. 
“Then you watch what I do. He needs to be on an IV for the next few days at least. You’re going to be the best doctor he has. Now, how in the hell do you get out of this thing?”
I leaned over and lifted the edge of the netting. Charlie climbed out and stood up on the dock. “Well? Come on. I’m not carrying this stuff down for you.”
The man reminded me so much of Elsie at her finest that I almost asked him if they were related. I followed him up next to the fire. A backpack sat atop a large crate. Two burlap sacks lay next to them. 
“There’s food in the sacks,” he explained. “If I understood the Judge right, Elsie wanted some chickens.” 
He turned and looked at me. “If I was wrong about that, you don’t have to take them. That crate has five hens and a rooster in it.”
“No, she will be happy with them,” I told him even as I wondered where I was going to put them. “Don’t worry about that. She’s ready to start farming over there.”
The veterinarian chuckled. “If I know Elsie, she has no intention of farming anything, but I guarantee she’s ready to put you men to work.”
I shot him a humorless grin, but said nothing. I could easily imagine Elsie walking through a garden with her shawl pulled across her shoulders berating me for the weeds I’d allowed to grow between the vegetables.
“Anyway, that backpack has antibiotics in it, as much as I could put together from what I had in the office,” the old man said. “Well, let me rephrase that, as much as I could find that wouldn’t kill you. Not all drugs work for both humans and animals, you know.”
“Yeah, well, let’s not kill anyone,” I said dryly. 
“Most of it is in pill form. There’s enough there to see a small community through a winter of sore throats and ear infections,” Charlie continued. “Use it sparingly and if you go three or four days with no results, you’re probably looking at a virus. That means your body has to beat it.”
The fire blazed inside a ring of bricks that looked old enough to have provided the heat and light for a century of outdoor parties. He paused to warm himself, holding his hands out over the flames. 
“I’ll take the backpack with me right now. After seeing him there’s a few other things I’ll add that might come in handy,” Charlie said and nodded toward a low ranch-style house that sat about fifty yards away. “I’ll have to fetch them from the office.”
 I could barely see the building in the firelight. A small porch light illuminated the back door and a few feet of brick wall on either side. Tall shrubs gone wild hid one side, their spindly branches casting writhing shadows against the burnt orange surface behind them. The other side disappeared behind what looked like a large magnolia tree.  
“Why don’t you load this stuff up while I go grab a few things we’ll need to hook him up? There’s a five-gallon can of gas over at the shed. That’s yours too. I know it’s not much, but every little bit will help.”
Firelight played across his face when he looked up. After seeing him and Elsie next to campfires, I made a mental note to stay away from them when I got older. The wrinkles in his skin looked like canyons in the flickering light.
“I got hold of Evan Marshall too. He’s Portsmouth’s caretaker in the summer. He said there’s probably twenty or thirty gallons of kerosene in the tank at the station.”
“What tank?” I asked him. 
He glanced at me. “It’s just outside the back door next to the summer kitchen--probably sitting up high somewhere since everything over there is on gravity feeds.”
I’d felt stupid before. The next question wasn’t going to make me seem any brighter. “Okay, what summer kitchen?”
He let out a loud guffaw. “Go out the back door onto the little porch. Turn right and go through that door. That’s the summer kitchen. Houses on the island had no electricity back in the day and no air conditioning. Summers in these parts get hot. Most buildings had an attached kitchen to keep the heat away from the main house.”
The vet rubbed his hands together briskly. “You get the stuff loaded up. I’ll be back in a bit.”
He started to turn and paused. “Keep an eye out. Something has been creeping around out here the last few nights.”
I thought about telling him how weird my nights had been lately, but decided to have that conversation toward the end of our visit. I needed the old man to concentrate on Gabriel, not worry about me. By then, everyone would have heard the news. Trusting a man who sounded crazy would have been difficult before The Fever transformed normal people into raving lunatics. Doing it after stories of cannibalism and dismemberment filled the airwaves would have implied brain function just above motor skills. Or as my father would have said, a genetic makeup formed from the froth at the edge of the gene pool. 
I could still hear him saying it, savoring each prepositional phrase along the way.
“From the froth, William.”
“At the edge, the very edge, mind you. We’re talking the dirty, scummy edge.”
The last four words always came out with the emphasis on gene as if the heart of the insult lay directly in those four letters. 
“Of the Gene pool.”
The memory vanished as Charlie reached out and put a hand against my arm.
 “You okay?”
“Yeah,” I said with a wry smile, “just thinking about things creeping around in the night.”  
 “Been thinking about that myself. That old house back there pops, creaks, and groans enough at night to make a parson jittery,” he said with a nod. “About a week ago, I saw something moving in the shadows next to the shed.  I never got a good look at it. It was big though, as big as a Sasquatch.”
I glanced around at the deep shadows and swaying bushes. 
“Where’s the shed?”
“Behind that big tree.”
Wonderful, I thought, and stared at the magnolia tree. A herd of elephants could hide behind the thing, not to mention a flock of little demons.
“That’s all we need,” I said when I turned back. “The news has been full of odd things: ogres, trolls and now a Bigfoot.”
Charlie frowned at me. “Sasquatches are real. I’ve seen one before. Those other things, well, I don’t know if people are hallucinating from The Fever or just on edge.” 
Even with goose bumps standing out on my arms, I had to grin. 
“Okay,“ I said, drawing the word out long and slow. “You saw one, huh? Sure it wasn’t a bear or maybe a monkey that escaped from a zoo?”
He leaned over and patted me on the arm the way one does a child. “Son, I’m a veterinarian. When it comes to animals, I don’t misidentify them. Now, you go on and load up. Just watch what you’re doing over there near the shed. Whatever it was came out of the bushes next to it.”
He walked off in a slow, rambling gait leaving me alone next to the fire. I grunted and set to work. The crate went on top of the cabin where the dune buggy had sat. The chickens inside rustled and clucked a time or two, but for the most part, being carried down to a boat and lifted up on top of it didn’t seem to bother them much. The sacks were heavy. I peered inside one. It looked to be full of dried foods and cans, all of which would last for years. I stacked both on top of the crate and lashed the bundle down.
Gabriel moaned from the cockpit when I turned to head back toward the fire. I eased over and gazed down from the cabin roof. He lay on the seat, his face turned toward the sky, the blanket pulled up tight around his chin. His face had lost all color. His breath came ragged and uneven, accompanied by a wet, rumbling sound in his chest. He shivered as if he were lying in a pool of icy water instead of his own sweat. My hopes plummeted at the sight. Even in a hospital, surrounded by high-tech equipment and doctors, his chances wouldn’t have been good. I wondered whether or not Angel would be transporting her second body by the time we made it back.
The thought sent a shiver running up my back. If he died, he would not stay on the boat, even if I had to carry his body up the hill across my shoulder. After what had happened to Zachary, I had no intention of leaving him out to serve as dinner for the ghoulish little bastards. 
The sight of the cabin light pouring across the cockpit brought back images of patrol boats. They wouldn’t stop to check out a fire pit, but a boat light down on the water might bring them in to investigate. I flicked the light off before I headed back up the bank.
I left the gas can for last and honestly came close to leaving it, period. The idea of extra gas had sent a bolt of relief shooting through me. Five gallons would go a long way if I ran the motor easy enough, but the idea of going to get it made my hair stand on end. 
An old hunter had once told me that movement drew the eye faster than anything. I eyed the tree for a good two minutes, muttering curses the entire time. The porch light joined forces with the wind to paint the edge of the yard in a mass of wiggling shadows. If I’d been hunting and looking for movement, I could have blown hell out of the entire yard.
“Does the man put the gas can out with all the other stuff, next to the big roaring fire?” I asked out loud at one point. “Noooo, he leaves it in the bushes where the bogeyman hangs out with Sasquatch.” 
 Finally, I gave in and started across the yard, sure as hell that some monster from my nightmares would leap on my back the instant I passed beneath the tree. People say that in the last moments of life, everything flashes through your mind. I got news for them. I didn’t revisit great-grandpa or see my first birthday cake or relive the winning touchdown I made at the homecoming game. No, my thoughts were simpler. Scenes from every horror movie I’d ever watched played through my mind with each step taking me closer to I’m-a-dumbass-and-gonna-die stardom.  
Walking along in the dark like that sucks--kinda like getting a call from a casting directory for the new Star Trek movie and having them hand you a red shirt when you walk in the door. At that point, the question isn’t if the three-headed monster with long tentacles is going to rise up from the rocks and eat your ass. The question is how many speaking lines you get before you have to start screaming and trying to run.
I found the can on the steps to the shed, jerked it up, and started back. As long as the walk had been getting there, going back seemed to take twice as much time--most of which came from something everyone knew. The idiot who walked into the monster’s lair somehow managed to almost get free before the thing whacked him in half. Even worse, maybe it would just sneak along behind me for a bit until I realized the breeze blowing against the back of my neck was too hot to be the wind.
Relief swept through me when I passed the bonfire. The dumbass was still alive, even if he had sweat dripping down his back.
Back aboard Angel, I hoisted the can on top of the cabin and tied it firmly to the mast, opposite the chicken crate, settling the last knot in place just as Charlie emerged from the darkness. 
The old man walked stiffly, yet purposefully. A woman followed behind him. She looked thin and frail when she passed the fire pit. With her long white hair and pale skin, she could have been a ghost materializing out of the shadows. She hadn’t dressed for the night either. In fact, it looked as if he had dragged her out of bed.
Gabriel groaned from the cockpit. I glanced down to see him tossing his head from side to side. 
The woman followed her husband down onto the dock and stood off to one side with her arms crossed. The light gown she wore fluttered around her knees. She clutched the material tightly across her midsection, looking cold and uncomfortable. 
Charlie waved in her direction. 
“This is my wife, Marcy. She’s going to help me place the IV,” he said. “She has better eyes than I do. Besides, if she can find a vein in a skittish horse, she can probably find one in your friend.”
I waved in greeting and climbed down from the cabin roof. She pulled her gown tighter and gazed down at Gabriel lying in the cockpit. Her lips tightened and a look of distaste swept across her face. The expression surprised me after her husband’s outspoken independence and willingness to help. Apparently, Marcy preferred to be somewhere else and from the looks of it, just about anywhere else.
He held up the backpack. “That man needs a real doctor and a hospital. That means going to Morehead City or up to Nags Head, but from what I’ve heard, the patrols are as likely to shoot you as help you.”
 The next words came out slow and careful as if he wanted me to pay special attention. “I put some stuff in here to knock him out and made some notes in a little book to tell you how to use the other drugs,” he said. “That leg gets worse or his fever don’t go down, you read what I wrote. Hear me?”
I nodded. “I hear you.” 
“Alright, let’s do this,” the old man said, reaching out to feel for the netting. I leaned in and lifted the edge for him and his wife. Charlie climbed in quickly. The woman hesitated. 
“Come on, Marce,” the old man urged. “Get in. We got to get these boys out of here. We’re all likely to end up in jail or worse if anyone else sees them.”
He glanced up at me.
“She’s not been feeling well the past few days.”
I pushed the netting higher to give her more room. Still, the woman balked, her gaze moving back and forth between her husband and the fever-stricken man tossing and turning beside him.
“Charlie, this doesn’t feel right. Something is wrong.”
“Of course something is wrong,” the veterinarian barked. “He’s dying. Come on. Let’s get this thing in him.”
Her face twisted into a look of disgust. “He stinks. Can’t you smell it?”
Gabriel stirred and struggled to push himself upright. A low, liquid moan slid out of him.
“Dammit Marce, hurry,” Charlie ordered, reaching over to hold Gabriel down. “You get down here too, William. It might take all three of us to get the IV in him.”
Gabriel writhed under the old man’s hands. “I don’t envy you on the way back,” the vet grunted. “We might ought to tie him down. Marce, get in here “
I held the netting high. The woman ignored me and stepped gingerly down onto one of the seats. 
Gabriel bolted upright, sweat dripping off his face, his eyes white and staring. The glazed look slid away for one brief instant and they focused, not on me, and not on Charlie, but on Marcy.
“Get back, bitch,” he growled. Spit flew from his mouth in tiny pale flecks. 
Charlie grabbed at Gabriel’s arms, trying to pin them down. The younger man pushed him off easily and raised a trembling finger. “You! Get back.”
I scrambled through the netting and fell heavily, landing in the floor on top of the veterinarian.  
Gabriel pushed himself back hard against the bulkhead, his eyes hot and burning with rage. 
“What’s wrong with you?” the woman asked. “It’s not supposed to be this way.” Her voice sounded tiny and lost, like an abandoned child wandering alone in the darkness. She stood at the back of the cockpit. Firelight loomed behind her, the glow forming an orange halo around her loose hair. 
She reached out slowly, gently, and offered her hand to Gabriel.
He lowered his head. His eyes gleamed from the shadow of his face.
“Harlot,“ he whispered. “Back off, bitch!”
His voice rose as he cursed her, growing stronger and more powerful, seeming to lift him up in the process.
“Take your filthy hand away.”
I fought to untangle myself from the old man. He flailed and twisted, gasping as if out of breath. He probably was. I’d landed dead center in the middle of his stomach.
“Get off me!” Charlie grunted. “What the hell is wrong with your friend?”
Like I knew. The only thought that made sense was The Fever and the hallucinations that had been all over the news. I finally pulled myself off the old man, accidentally digging an elbow in his ribcage in the process. Rising to my feet, I watched Gabriel and the woman size each other up like bears about to fight. Charlie struggled erect behind me, wheezing like an old train running out of steam. 
I don’t think Gabriel or Marcy noticed either of us. Their eyes had never left each other. I glanced back and forth between them. He glared openly at her. She stared at him in surprise. Charlie crouched behind me. He launched himself at Gabriel before I could stop him.
“Come on!” He yelled. “Help me.”
I turned to separate them, to try and get some order back. I never had the chance. Marcy flew by me, leaping toward the two struggling men. In a flash the three of them were bound tight, Charlie trying to pin Gabriel’s arms, while Marcy wrestled with his head. 
I stared at the wild tangle of arms and legs, unable to fathom what I was seeing. If I hadn’t been watching, I would have never believed what happened next.
Marcy had Gabriel by the head, twisting it brutally to one side. Tendons stood out like ropes against his neck, the muscles tense and straining so hard it seemed something would burst or break at any moment. He thrashed violently against the seat, finally freeing one hand from the doctor’s grasp and swinging hard at her face.
She jerked to avoid the punch and in the process, slid one hand down along the curve of his neck. Electricity crackled between them. Blue-white light blazed in the cockpit, leaping between them in a tight, sizzling arc. The woman screamed as she threw herself or something flung her back. She skittered along the seat in a crazy tangle of arms, legs and frizzy white hair, her fingernails scrabbling like claws against the fiberglass.  The stern brought her ungainly slide up short as her head struck the vertical wall with a solid thump. She lay in a crumpled heap, her nightgown twisted around her middle, the hem flaring high along her thighs. Betty Boop smirked beneath the edge of her gown, her bright eyes and cartoon face emblazoned on white panties barely a shade lighter than the woman’s pale, flaccid skin.   
A thick pall of gray smoke, ripe with the sickening odor of burned flesh, swirled across the cockpit. She laid face down, hair bristling and standing out as if the air had suddenly grown full of static. Steam rose in tiny, white fingers from the thin shift that now seemed too short and too revealing.  
Charlie hung from Gabriel’s legs paralyzed, gaping up in shock. Neither man moved for what seemed an eternity. I stumbled in the narrow footing of the cockpit, still reeling from the scene that had just played out in front of me. 
The vet pushed himself away from Gabriel and climbed to his feet, tottering like a baby taking its first steps. I reached out to steady him, but he shoved me aside and started toward his wife.
He had barely covered half the distance when she bolted upright, the motion so abrupt and unnatural that the old man stopped and took a step backward. Her head jerked one way, then the other, her movements quick and bird-like.
Charlie reached out toward her, his hand trembling. 
“Marcy?”
The woman whirled to face him. Her entire body spun around on the cockpit seat, the movement stiff and unnatural. She raised her head high, stretching her neck thin. Her legs splayed wide leaving her looking like a grotesque stripper displaying her wares. Half a dozen Betty Boops peeked out from juncture of her legs. She bared her teeth and hissed.
 “Take it off,” she spat.
The veterinarian stared at her in confusion. “Take what off? What are you talking about?”
She looked past him, gaze locked on the sick man behind her husband.
“Take that fucking thing off.”
Charlie stared at her, his face slack.
“Marcy?”
She shifted her gaze, studying Charlie as if seeing him for the first time. He reached out again. The woman drew her lips back in a snarl, revealing a mouth full of dull, yellow teeth. A babble of voices burst from her mouth, all of them speaking the same words, all in deep, liquid tones.
 “We took the bitch two nights ago while you were standing at the door trying to figure out who was outside. You shouldn’t leave the window open, Charlie.”
She reached out as if to take his hand, locked her fingers with his and jerked down viciously. The old man cried out and dropped to his knees as she forced his hand backward. She leaned down close to his face and whispered.
“She cried for you.” 
The old man stared up at her in stunned disbelief, the wrinkles carving deep fissures down his face. 
“What happened to you?” he gasped. 
The woman brought her other hand around to the back of his head, and stroked his neck gently, almost lovingly. 
“I died,” she whispered. “And I have been reborn.”
The woman looked past him to Gabriel.
“You understand, don’t you? It takes time to grow, to live again.”
She cupped her hand at the base of the veterinarian’s skull and jerked him brutally against her chest. Bones snapped. Charlie’s feet thrummed against the cockpit floor in the fluttering death-dance of muscles and tendons abruptly severed from the brain that controlled them. 
She flung him away as easily as one would toss aside a rag doll. His body struck the engine a glancing blow and flopped over the stern. The splash barely stirred the water. Angel rocked gently as ripples lapped along her sides. 
In the cockpit of a twenty-three foot boat, you’re never far from anything. Marcy stood less than five feet from me. Yet I could have been in another galaxy as far as she was concerned. Her gaze never left Gabriel.
“Why do you fight it? These pitiful drugs they want to give you will make no difference. You belong to Him.”
Gabriel still clutched something at his neck. He jerked it away, and pushed himself upright. “Then come get me, bitch.” 
Rage swept across her face.
“You are HIS,” she hissed defiantly. The same unearthly chorus of voices erupted from her again, the sound conjuring images of the lost and the damned, souls poised at the edges of a deep, dark chasm that swirled with pain and insanity. 
“You are us. We are you. Our name is Legion.”
She leapt up on to the cockpit seat, landing in a crouch like an animal with her knees splayed wide apart. Long yellow fingernails clicked against the fiberglass as she balanced herself. Muscles rippled along her legs as she leaned forward and sniffed at Gabriel’s leg like a dog. 
The thing that had been Marcy bared its teeth in disgust. 
“You stink of human.”
  “You have my revolver, William,” Gabriel said without taking his eyes from her. “Shoot her.”
Her eyes darted toward me. “Yes, Wee-lee-um. Shoot me.”
She said my name in the same sing-song tone the demon had used, the word sounding high and childlike, coming out with emphasis on all three syllables. 
The dead weight of the gun had been lying heavy against my thigh ever since I’d put it there. All the way across the inlet, I’d been conscious of the thick bulge in my pocket, but somewhere in the process of loading the boat, the rational side of my mind had shoved the feeling away. The instant he spoke, the thing felt huge against my leg. 
At the same time, I knew I’d never get it out. She sat poised and trembling with anticipation. She would be on me the moment I reached in my pocket. I didn’t know who she was, or even what she was, but the little demon that had eaten Zachary had moved with inhuman speed. If whatever had taken her was anything close to it, going for the gun would be the last move I ever made. The name she used wasn’t lost on me either. 
“It’s not afraid of the gun,” I said. “It’s afraid of whatever you have in your hand.”
He held his hand up and opened his fingers. Something glittered gold and bright in the firelight. 
“This?” 
I had to look three times before my brain turned the medallion into the image of Saint Gabriel hovering over a cross. 
The woman snarled and edged backward, eyes locked on the tiny bit of gold hanging from his fingers. For a long moment, she hesitated, then lifted her head and howled in frustration. Before I could move, she disappeared over the stern in a white blur. 
“Give me the gun,” Gabriel said quickly.
I worked it free, but shook my head. Even little demons splashed when they hit the water. I edged to the back of the boat and looked out over the stern. What I saw was impossible. She lay flattened out against the rear end, hanging on the vertical rise with nothing but splayed out fingers and toes holding her in place. 
She glared at me and bared her teeth. I raised the revolver and pulled the trigger. Fire spat from the end of the barrel. The bullet struck her in the neck, snapping her head sideways and knocking her loose. She half-fell, half-jumped, and hit the water with arms and legs still scrambling for purchase. 
The boom of the shot reverberated through the cockpit and echoed across the sound. The distinct odors of burned powder and gun oil swirled amid the stink of burned flesh. I watched the surface, holding the gun ready for another shot. I knew the depth at the edge of the dock was less than five feet. As shallow as that sounds, I still couldn’t see anything past the first couple of inches. The incoming tide had stirred the mud, leaving the water murky and dense. She could have been a foot below the surface and I wouldn’t have been able to see her. 
I turned and handed the pistol to the older man. His hand shook when he reached for it. 
 “Pull the nets back on the side facing the dock,” he said. “Let’s get out of here.”
Unsure of what he had in mind, I worked the edges of the nets loose from the cleats where I had tied them in place. Once they were free, I threw the ends up over the boom. 
He struggled upright, groaning in pain as he shifted his leg and slid over into the starboard-side seat. 
“She might not be afraid of the gun, but I can sure as hell knock her for a loop with it. Get the lines in. I’ll watch for her.”
The stern line didn’t bother me. I could lean over and pull it in. The bow line was the problem. I’d have to go forward nearly twenty feet from the cockpit to unhook it from the dock. That idea generated no feel-good moments either. I had no desire to clamber over the top of the cabin and work my way around a crate of chickens--all while hoping a man dazed with fever wouldn’t shoot me instead of an abomination whose last tie to humanity might very well be a dozen cartoon girls grinning from its panties. 
“I’m going through the cabin,” I told him. “I’ll open the forward hatch, cut the line, and lock it back behind me. You won’t be able to see me from here.  Just watch everything else, including your back.” 
His fever-glazed eyes shone bright in the darkness. I looked at them, waiting for some type of confirmation. None came. 
Sighing, I stepped down into the cabin and raced forward, using the bunk as a guide. The hatch sat above the edge of the V-berth and stretched just wide enough that I could crawl through in an emergency. I’d climbed through it once before, on the trip I’d made to Portsmouth with my father. The wind had come up strong out of the south. Dad had yelled for me to take in the jib. Rather than trust the footing across the cabin top, I’d used the forward hatch to come up next to it. 
When I reached the end of the bunk, I felt along the mast support, fingers searching for the switch that flicked on the cabin light over the forward bunk. I found it and flipped it over. Nothing. I flipped it back, again nothing. Then I remembered taking it out to use in the station. 
I cursed and felt along the overhead until I found the little twist knob that held the hatch bolted in tight. It came loose easily. I held the handle in one hand while I worked deep in my pants pocket for the little knife I always carried. Armed with it, I pushed the hatch open and stood up through it. I didn’t need to crawl completely out on the deck. The cleat holding the bow line lay barely two feet away. 
The instant I thrust my head up through the opening, I spun left then right, trying to cover as much ground as fast as possible. I half-expected her to be there, but found only the empty black of the sound staring back at me. Satisfied that nothing mean, nasty and toothy waited, I leaned over and sawed at the line. The knife was sharp. The line parted quickly, the ends fraying as they came free. 
“We-lee-um?”
The whisper came from behind and to the right, so close it seemed I could feel the breath that drove it. I jerked, trying to turn in the small, narrow opening. 
The face peeking up over the edge of the gunwale looked nothing like the woman who had walked down onto the dock minutes before. Her eyes had gone white. Most of the long frizzy hair had fallen out. Only splotches of it remained, clinging to her skull in greasy little clumps. The pale white skin had vanished, transforming into a hide mottled with brown and purple bruises. Grotesque lumps bulged on her face and head. They moved and squirmed in flickering firelight as if something alive grew just beneath the surface. Great wrinkles gouged deep grooves in her flesh. A long, green strand of mucus dripped from one watery nostril. Claws stretched from the tips of her fingers.
A black hole gaped in the side of her neck, leaking blood as thick and dark as burned motor oil. 
She opened her mouth and spat phlegm on the deck.
“Time you die, We-lee-um.”
She came across the gunwale faster than I thought possible, scrabbling up over the side with hooked claws that dug flecks of fiberglass and paint from the deck. Tiny, immature legs sprouted from her sides, poking through the thin material of the gown and digging at the air in frustration. She paused inches away, her body undulating and evolving even as I watched. Two lumps high on her head burst open, pus and blood drooled down her face as thick, ringed horns emerged. 
I let go of the hatch and dropped into the cabin, landing hard on the edge of the starboard bunk. The impact drove the air from my lungs even as my momentum threw me sideways into the floor. The little knife I’d used to cut the bow line clattered across the deck, skittering away in the darkness. I rolled sideways and looked up at the square of stars cut into the overhead. 
The thought of sticking my hand outside to pull it back in place carried about as much pleasure as the idea of shoving it under a rock and feeling around for rattlesnakes. I studied the opening, trying to work up the nerve. 
Two seconds. Out, grab the handle. Jerk it back. I steeled myself and reached upward just as the thing shoved its head through the opening. 
“We-lee-um, where you go?”
I lurched backward and heard the slither of her body coming through the hatch rather than saw it. Air swirled as something sped by me.
“Where are you, William?” Gabriel called from the cockpit.
“She’s in the cabin.” I yelled back, holding my hands out in front of me in the darkness. The only light came from the open hatch that led to the cockpit. It cut a long rectangle out of the black ahead of me. 
I had no idea where she had gone, but knew it couldn’t be far. The open part of the cabin stretched for maybe fifteen feet. What lay beyond ran back under the cockpit. I edged forward slowly, kicking my foot out in front of me with each step in case she had slid off into the floor. The switch to the one remaining cabin light sat near the open hatch. I had no intention of turning it on. If I got that close, I’d make a dive for the cockpit. 
I needed light and needed it desperately. All I had was the lighter I’d picked up earlier. I dug in my shirt pocket and pulled it out. Taking a deep breath, I held it out in front of me and flicked the wheel. Fire burst from the end of the lighter, casting a weak yellow light through the cabin. 
The thing that had been a woman clung upside-down to the ceiling like a giant white spider no more than six inches from my hand. Yellow strings of mucus dripped from her face. Her mouth split open in a wicked, evil grin.
“Hey-lo, We-lee-um,’ she whispered as she puffed her lips and blew out the flame. Her breath washed over my face in a rush of hot, fetid air that reeked of death and corruption. For a split second, neither of us moved. I stood frozen in the dense black, the image of the flame burned across my retina. In the thick silence, fiberglass creaked as fingers dug for purchase. My mind registered the sound like a visual image, painting the picture across my senses of a cat gathering itself just before it pounced. I cried out and threw myself backward at the same instant she launched herself from the cabin roof in a wild scrabble of claws.
Billy Ray saved my life. I hadn’t seen him in thirty years, but that night he saved me as surely as he had once been the one person I hated most. Billy Ray stood close to six feet tall in the sixth grade and outweighed any normal kid by at least forty pounds. He used every inch of his size too, and not in good ways. Everyone feared him. Most found a way to go around him. The few that didn’t learned the hard way that being near Billy meant suffering in some painful and usually humiliating way. 
I don’t know why he decided to kick the books out of my hand the day it all started, but he did. They sprayed out in front of me, papers fluttering off to the side into a space that magically opened up in the mass of bodies ahead in the same way that schooling fish suddenly disappear when a shark swims through them. 
Teachers came running from both ends of the breezeway, but not before Billy decided that the new guy needed a little more embarrassment. He swung. I ducked and came up with an upper cut that lifted him clear off the concrete. A gasp slid around the ring of people watching. 
Three days later Billy came barreling toward me in the gym. I let him come, let him bull his way into me, and fell with him, pulling him on top of me and rolling with my feet planted in his stomach. Halfway through the roll, with the gym floor against my back, I shoved both feet up as hard as possible. Billy took flight, sailing across me in a high arc and into the bleachers beyond. I spent the next twenty or thirty seconds beating the living snot out of him. He was already dazed and bleeding from the impact. That wasn’t good enough for me. All the humiliations, the fears, the days of walking around the little knot of tormentors on the breezeway coalesced in those few seconds. By the time the gym teacher pulled me off him, his face looked as if he had lain under a jackhammer.  
The instant the woman hit me, I fell with her, planting my feet in her midsection the same way I had with Billy Ray thirty years earlier. Her breath surged hot against my face. Claws ripped down the sleeves of my jacket, but the same physics that sent Billy sailing through space, sent her flying across and into the shelves built into the forward bunk. 
She howled in pain and rage. I heard her spinning around, heard the shelves splintering and falling.
I shot up and ran for the open hatch. Five feet away, claws raked across my back, digging at my jacket but failing to find a hold. The bitch growled in frustration when I slipped through her grasp.
I flung myself forward, leaping as hard as I could. Air roared in my ears as my body burst from the darkness of the cabin and spilled into the cockpit floor beyond. I had one glimpse of the surprise on Gabriel’s flushed features before she exploded out of the cabin, snarling with rage, her mouth open and her white eyes glaring and hot. 
In the split second that her body hovered in the space above mine, the terror vanished. I don’t know where it went, but something cold, hard and determined slid in to replace it. I couldn’t even call the metamorphosis a thought as much as a feeling. Turning it into words, however, was easy. If I’d had time to speak them, what would have come out of my mouth would have been a simple “Fuck it.”
I twisted when she hit, throwing myself sideways enough that she landed mostly on bare fiberglass. Throwing a leg up over her back, I forced myself on top of her. She squirmed beneath me, tendons writhing like snakes under her skin. Reaching across the top of her head, I dug my fingers into her eye sockets and jerked backward. 
She screamed. A thick white jet of hot oily liquid burst from her eyes and spewed across the engine in front of her. I pinned one arm against my side long enough to pull my hand inside the sleeve of my jacket. Using it like a glove, I reached around and shoved the whole mess in her mouth. The move surprised her. She gagged. The reflex gave me enough room to wrap my fingers around her lower teeth. As soon as I had them in place, I jerked my arms apart, pulling her head back with one, and forcing her jaw down with the other. 
She wriggled underneath me, struggling with inhuman strength as she tried to spin around. I wrapped my legs harder around her midsection, ignoring the little arms growing out of her sides that pinched and grabbed at me. 
I pulled hard, intending to rip her face in half. We fought on the floor of the cockpit. I had her in a vice-grip, but she was too strong. It took every ounce of strength I had to keep her jaw pulled down and even then, I could feel her mouth closing bit by bit. I was losing. I knew it. The instant her teeth came together, I’d pull away a stump and she would be on me. 
Gabriel’s clenched fist slid above the gaping maw of her mouth. He held it there for a moment, and then opened his fingers. Gold flashed, carving a long trail downward as medallion fell. She gagged and twisted. A heavy shudder swept through her body, rippling through the muscles like a tiny earthquake.
The woman writhed underneath me as if possessed.
“Close her mouth!” Gabriel shouted. “Don’t let her spit it out.”
Even as I hesitated, I could feel her thick tongue trying to shove the medallion back out. Smoke boiled from her mouth. 
I let go, jerking my hand back and using the heel of my hand to slam her jaw shut. The thing went berserk under me, scrambling, flailing and twisting into a tight ball. Like an eel, she squirmed in the slick, foaming mass composed of her own drool and the fluid that had erupted from her empty eye sockets. 
I couldn’t hold her any longer. The instant I let go, she jerked upward, her mouth opening wide in a soundless scream as fire burst from every orifice in her body. 
She stumbled and fell against the outboard, teetering on the edge. I kicked out in fear, the image of her burning body flailing on top of me strong in my mind. The impact sent her tumbling over the side. Water splashed this time, splashed, hissed, and bubbled. 
I crawled to the stern and pulled myself up to peer over the side. Bright light burned through the muck, fluttered and then faded. Steam drifted off the surface of the water.
Gabriel’s voice split the sudden silence. 
“Let’s get the fuck out of here, man,” he said hoarsely. 
I didn’t argue. Five minutes later, we were streaming out across the sound. I stood in the back and the wind wash away the stink. The stream of air whipping across my sweat-drenched hair and face left me shivering. I didn’t care. For the first time in what seemed an eternity, I felt wonderfully alive and deliciously free.
Gabriel lay against the bulkhead where he’d spent most of the trip across, his breathing weak, and his face flushed. He had opened the backpack and pulled out a small, wire-bound notebook. 
I left the helm and took the gun from the seat beside him.
“We have one more question to answer,“ I said, my voice shaking. 
I raised the gun and settled the sights in the middle of his chest.
“Our name is legion. Explain that, Gabriel. If you don’t, I swear by all that is holy, I will kill you, right here, right now.”
He stared up at me, his face flushed with fever. 
The engine droned behind me, shoving us through the light chop on the sound. Wind tugged at his shirt collar. 
He licked his lips. 
“I told you. I’m different,” he said finally. “That little demon did something to me. Just like one did something to her, and like that one you tried to kill would have done with the boy if you hadn’t caught it.”
“What are you talking about?”
The older man shook his head. 
“I heard the doc. That woman hadn’t been feeling good for a week,” he said. His face tightened. “How much you willing to bet one crawled in that open window and right down her throat?”
He sat up straighter. “The one that flew up in my face? The damned thing was all over my face trying to get to my mouth.” 
The man looked wild. The whites of his eyes seemed swollen, reducing his pupils to tiny black dots. 
“It either got in her or put something in her,” he said in a determined voice. “These things have two purposes. Spread the evil and find whatever it is they’re trying to find.”
“How do you know that? Come on, Gabriel, tell me.”
He nodded toward the leg stretched out in front of him on the cockpit seat. “It’s coming from there, like something is alive in the wound and growing. She’s right. The drugs may cure the infection, but they won’t cure that.”
Gabriel looked me. “You guys don’t have a surgeon back at the station do you?”
I shook my head. “No, why?”
He made a wry face and pointed at the notebook. “Your doctor friend said the leg needs to come off. He left notes on how to do it. Sounds simple enough from what I read. Put a tourniquet above it, cut around the bone, saw the bone in half, tie off the arteries, and cauterize the stump.”
 He looked out over the blackness of the sound. His eyes had turned bleak when he turned back to me. “He was right. It needs to come off, but not for the reasons he thought,” he said. “I’ll be alright for a while. Keep the gun if you want. Tell the old woman when we get back. She’ll know what to do.”
Neither one of us spoke the rest of the trip. I sat in the very back with the helm under one hand, and the gun in the other. We ran in the dark with the only light coming from the night display on the GPS. As dim as it was, I could still make out his form leaning back against the bulkhead.  
Angel skimmed through the light chop. The tide had grown slack, leaving the sound as full as it would get before the moon slipped over and pulled the water back the other way. 
Gabriel grew still after a few minutes. I couldn’t tell if he’d fallen asleep or died. I had no intention of sidling up next to him to check either.
I brought the boat into the dock nearly five hours after we had left it, easing in opposite Ark Angel. I remembered then, telling him that I hoped the coincidence of names didn’t mean we’d need angels. We had. I just wasn’t sure which type had come to call, those from heaven or the twisted and disfigured souls who had been cast into hell. 
Either way, the night wasn’t over, not by a long shot. Whatever had to be done would be done by morning. I figured I could handle the job after trying to pull a woman’s face apart. If push came to shove, Elsie had mentioned they’d found an axe in the old General Store. It would lack the delicacy of a scalpel, but I was sure it would do the job. 
My head ached. I had too many questions and not enough answers. The only certainty my mind had to offer pointed toward life getting worse before it got better. The Fever was spreading, leaving millions dead in its wake. Thousands more were killing each other. Perhaps even worse, winter loomed close on the horizon. The survivors might make it past the disease only to die of starvation and exposure afterward. 
Looking back, the only good thing about that night was that I had no idea just how bad the next few weeks would be. If I had, I might have handed Elsie the axe and put my own head on the chopping block. 
The shit wasn’t about to hit the fan. It was damned near close to obliterating the fan with me and few billion other people standing in the front row waiting for the show to start. 
Life as we knew it had ended. Months would pass before anyone realized how stark the lines had been laid between past and present, between a life of worrying about bills and one of wondering what hid behind the next bush. 
Fear, disease, famine, and evil had come. Those who couldn’t evolve would die. Those who could adjust still had lessons ahead, simple ones, like learning to breathe a sigh of relief at sunrise, and learning that happiness meant still being counted among the living.
Life had a new goal, one we hadn’t recognized yet and one that could be framed in a single word.
Survival.
 

Chapter XV - Sacrifice


I loaded as much on the dune buggy as I could. The backpack filled with antibiotics went up front. Gabriel went in the passenger’s seat. The biggest chore turned out to be getting him off the boat and to the vehicle. The fight on Ocracoke had taken a lot out of him. No matter how much I pulled, tugged, and called out his name, the man never came fully awake. 
I ended up lifting him to his feet and working him over to the side of the boat. From there, I rolled, pushed and shoved him onto the wooden planks. Angel behaved during the transfer and hung close to the dock even when his weight pushed her in the opposite direction. 
One of the food sacks also went with us, tied to the little flat spot on the back that had been intended to hold a cooler. I didn’t know what the bag held, but guessed that Elsie could work her magic at the cook stove with whatever Charlie had thrown inside. We needed magic or at least something new. Too many oatmeal mornings had everyone aching for change.  
Elsie and Kate greeted me at the door when I stumbled in with Gabriel slumped against me. Joshua and Denise sat on the floor with their back against the bar, the rifle stretched out between them. Joshua rose and helped me wrestle the older man up the stairs to the sick room. 
Denise led the way, carrying one of the Coleman lanterns. Once we had him in bed, I told the two to try and get his pants off while I went down to talk to Elsie and Kate.
The two women sat at the table when I came back down. I waved and headed for the door to retrieve the backpack, but stopped part way across the room. All the windows had been shuttered and barred. The setup looked strong enough to withstand a battering ram. 
“Damn, Keith did a good job.”
Elsie nodded. “He did. That boy is a good one. He sat there and figured it all out, how they’d open and close, how to make them strong, and how to put it all together,” she said. “He’s got one of them analytical minds and even better, hands that can turn what’s in his head into useful things.”
She paused as her mind switched gears. “How was Charlie? What about my cow and chickens?”
“He rounded up the chickens for you. I have six in a crate strapped on the cabin top. You can forget about fresh milk though. I couldn’t have ferried a cow across the inlet even if he’d had one waiting.”
I hesitated. “Charlie’s dead, Elsie.”
Her eyes went wide. She brought a hand up to her mouth.
“I just talked to him today. What happened?”
I rubbed at my eyes. Every day seemed to be turning into a twenty-four hour battle for existence. Elsie deserved an answer that made sense. I didn’t have one to give her. Explaining what had happened with Marcy would generate an hour of discussion. I didn’t mind having that conversation with her, but preferred to do it in the light of day after we had dealt with Gabriel. Still, I needed to give her something. 
“What happened is he was killed by some of the same things we’ve been hearing about on the news. I’ll tell you about it later, but Charlie spent his last day giving us the tools to keep the man upstairs alive,” I said. “If we don’t get busy, his work will be in vain. Gabriel’s leg has to come off. I don’t think he’ll live another day if we don’t do it now.”
I shot her a pained expression.
“I’m not trying to pass the buck, but Gabriel said to tell you, Elsie. He said you’d know what to do about the leg.”
 “That’s because he knows I’m old enough to remember when people didn’t run to the emergency room every time the least little thing happened,” she said and grimaced. “Doing it won’t be the worst part. Worst part is, we don’t have no way of knocking him out.”
“Yes we do,” I said. “Charlie gave me a backpack full of drugs.”
I opened the pack on the table after fetching it from the dune buggy. Rather than pick through it, I unzipped it and dumped most of the contents out on the flat surface. Half a dozen bottles rolled across the table, most rattling as they turned end over end from the pills inside. Gauze and surgical tape followed, along with a thick bundle of needles, all individually wrapped in protective plastic sleeves. Charlie had bound them together with a rubber band. Also stuffed into the backpack were bandages, a big bottle of aspirin, another of ibuprofen, a bottle of red liquid with Betadine written across the front, and a thin strip of rubber that had to be a tourniquet. 
He had placed two bottles inside an inner pocket. I pulled them out, read the name, and mentally shrugged. I might as well have been reading Greek.
Three items remained. I pulled out the two metallic pieces. One looked like a stainless steel razor. It had to be a scalpel. I had no idea what the official name of the other item might be, but a saw is a saw and that one looked wickedly capable of chewing straight through bone.  
The notebook Gabriel had been reading lay at the bottom, though calling it a notebook would be putting an optimistic spin on something the size of a pack of Post-It notes. The first few pages listed the names of the drugs, the types of maladies they should be used against, and treatment schedules. 
Four pages deep, I found the instructions for performing the amputation. Clearly, the veterinarian had been rushed. The dosage rates for the other medicines had been written in neat block letters, making them easier to read than anything I’d ever seen come from the hand of a doctor. Charlie had returned to his medical roots when writing about the amputation and scrawled several pages of notes in the small tablet. 
As detailed as some of the writing seemed to be, the process devolved to a series of  bullet points. Place a tourniquet above the wound, but not on a joint. Use the scalpel to cut away the skin and flesh, working around the leg until the bone was exposed. Change over to the bone saw and grind away. Charlie noted tying off arteries and cauterizing the stump as the best options to prevent major blood loss. The final instructions covered the main antibiotic and anesthetic. Those two items tied back to the bottles secured in the inner pocket. The one labeled Ketanest was apparently the knock-out drug. The other, Gentamicin, he recommended for fighting the infection. 
Elsie and Kate sat silently while I read the notes out loud. I leaned back when I’d finished and slid the notebook across to the old woman. 
“We’re going to need heat, a lot of it to cauterize the wound. Charlie said something about a summer kitchen. Is that the thing that looks like a shed stuck on the back of the station?”
Elsie nodded without looking up from the tablet.
“He said the caretaker who lives here during the summer cooked out there using a kerosene stove.”
She waved back toward the kitchen.
“There’s a kerosene stove in there. I tried it on the first day, but it wouldn’t light. That’s why we’re using the wood stove.”
“I can’t remember the caretaker’s name, but Charlie said the man told him the tank out back still had thirty or forty gallons in it,” I told her. “I haven’t seen a tank or a cutoff, but both apparently exist. I’ll see if I can find them and get that stove going. I don’t want to be sterilizing equipment over a wood fire unless I have to.”
I paused and ran a hand across my head. “I have no idea what we’re going to use to cauterize the wound. We need a flat piece of metal.”
Kate glanced up. The expression on her face reminded me of the one that had been on Marcy’s just before the woman had stepped down into the boat. Kate looked like she would rather be anywhere else. 
“There’s a meat cleaver in the kitchen. It’s big and flat.”
I glanced at Elsie. She lifted her shoulders in an I-don’t-know gesture. 
“Sounds good to me,” she said after a moment of silence.
The younger woman crossed her arms tightly across her middle and shivered. 
“I don’t think I can do this. I know he needs help, but I can’t do it.”
“It’s okay,” I told her, even though nothing about her attitude came across as okay. Existence had no noticeable improvements coming any time soon. As little as it might be, she possessed the only medical experience in the entire group. I didn’t need her to cut his leg off. I needed her knowledge at dealing with needles and infection.
“Can you help us set up? Maybe watch us prep and make sure we don’t do something utterly stupid?”
She shook her head. “You don’t understand. The thought makes me sick to my stomach. I can’t. I really can’t.”
I couldn’t force her to take part. I also couldn’t understand what mental process would let someone die over a squeamish stomach.
“Alright,” I told her. “We need help though. See if Keith and Tyler will come down. 
She frowned. “Josh is on watch. So is Denise. Why can’t they help? They’re already awake.”
I met her gaze and held it. 
“Because they’re on watch,” I said, trying and failing to keep the irritation out of my voice. “That means they stay on watch. You can go to bed when you wake the other two up.”
She blinked. Color rose in her cheeks. After a long silence, she climbed stiffly to her feet and headed for the stairs. 
Elsie watched her go, waiting until the girl’s footsteps had faded up the staircase.
“There you go again. You throw Moses out in the yard, tell the skinny one to shut his trap, and now insult the girl. You don’t strive real hard for the popular list do you?”
I rubbed my head wearily. She was right. I didn’t put much effort into being anyone’s friend. Then again, I never had. Patience had always been reserved for working through problems and for figuring out how to accomplish a task with whatever I had on hand, not for people who couldn’t or wouldn’t be part of the solution. 
“We don’t have enough bandages,” I said, changing the subject. “I think there’s a couple more in one of the first aid kits that used to be on Angel, but even with those, we won’t be able to change the dressing more than a few times before we’re out.“
I sighed and sat back in my chair. “We’ll have to reuse them and wash them somehow in between.”
A sudden thought struck me. I looked at the old woman suspiciously. “How come your clothes look clean?”
“Because I have figured out your somehow a while back. That old iron bathtub works well as a washtub. Me and the girls done a load yesterday.” she said with a grin. “One of the boys found a washboard on display at the General Store. We heated water on the stove, used some of your soap, and hung them out to dry.”
“Where was I?”
“Wandering down the beach.”
 “You wash any of my clothes?”
She rolled her eyes. “Hill William, you had enough on that boat to last a month. The rest of us were in dire straits.”
“Yeah, I noticed you’ve been wearing a lot of my shirts,” I said with a grin. “Maybe that’s why my ex used to pack a steamer trunk just to go on an overnight.”
Elsie looked confused.
I spread my hands out innocently. “She obviously expected to end up on a deserted island and didn’t want to be stuck wearing a Tar Heel sweatshirt with Tennessee pants. I think you’re the first woman I’ve ever seen in sky-blue and rescue-me-orange.”
The old woman wrinkled her nose at me. 
Footsteps sounded down the hall before she had a chance to reply. Keith and Tyler emerged out of the darkness. Both looked tired and wooly. Elsie got up to make coffee.  I filled them in on what needed to be done. 
Tyler rubbed the sleep out of his eyes and fought back a yawn.
“Okay, so who’s going to be doing the cutting?”
I shot him a humorless smile.
“I guess that would be me.”
He looked at Keith.
“What will we be doing?”
“Elsie’s friend gave us some drugs. Best I can tell, the anesthetic doesn’t last long. One of you will be armed with a needle. If he starts coming around, it’ll be your job to shoot him up again,” I told him. “According to the notes I read, we’ll have about thirty minutes, give or take a little, before he starts coming around.”
I glanced back and forth between them. “The other person, well, aside from keeping the water boiling and sterilizing things, will need to help in case he does wake up.”
Tyler winced and glanced at the heavier man beside him. Neither looked happy at the prospect.
“Elsie will assist,” I continued, “and just so you know, we’re flying blind. Neither one of us knows the first thing about the procedure. But, we’re out of options. He’ll die if we don’t.”
Keith scratched at his newly forming beard. In a few days, he’d start looking like Joshua. “When do we start?”
“Now,” I told him. “I’m going out back. Elsie’s friend said there’s a tank out there with kerosene in it that we can use in the extra stove in the kitchen. There must be a cut-off somewhere. The stove wouldn’t light when she tried it.”
The heavyset man nodded. “I think I saw the tank. There’s a big square box-looking thing up on top of the shed out back.”
“I’ll check,” I said. “You find a big pot and fill it up with water.”
I turned to find Elsie still in the kitchen. “We should do it down here, don’t you think? We’re close to the stove and lights.”
She looked up and nodded. “We’re going to need as much light as we can get. You might as well fire up the lanterns too. But yes, the bar is flat. We can lay him out there.”
“Good enough,” I said. “Then let’s get busy and get it done.”
I took one of the lanterns and went out back. Sure enough, a foot below the box-like structure mounted on top of the shed, gleamed a brass fitting. The knob on it had three settings. Next to the little marks rising like Braille dots on the housing, a neat little letter had been stamped. One said K, another S, and the final one read OFF. The indicator on the dial pointed to the off position. 
Figuring K stood for kitchen, and S for the station, I rotated the knob to the S setting. Liquid hissed through the tubing below.
Back inside, I tried the stove and quickly brought it to a flame. Keith had the biggest pot in the kitchen ready with water and sat it on the burner. 
By the time the water came to a boil, the impromptu operating room was as ready as we could make it. I had the first dose of anesthetic ready to go. Charlie’s notes left much to be desired on the topic, basically indicating the dosage and a simple “as needed”--which didn’t help. As needed might be every ten minutes or every two hours. I laid three more syringes next to the bottle of Ketanest just in case we needed them.  
Keith had the meat cleaver, bone saw, and scalpel stuffed inside the pot.  Elsie had pulled out a tiny sewing kit not much larger than a book of matches. It looked like one that had lain inside Angel’s sink drawer for years. She strung a needle as I watched and slid it down in the steaming water to sterilize.  
Tyler came up with me to administer the first shot. Joshua and Denise stood just outside the sick room, silhouetted in the yellow light pouring through the open doorway.  Given his height and the wild tangle of hair venturing over into Rastafarian realms, Joshua seemed huge. Had I been sleeping and woken to the sight of his wide figure framed in lantern light, I might have sworn a troll or ogre had stood at the end of the hall. 
Gabriel lay limp and sweating, the bandage on his lower leg sodden with discharge. I tried to wake him. The most I could get out of him were a few incoherent words. That was enough. I needed a gauge. If the man didn’t babble after a few minutes, we’d at least know the drug had taken effect. 
 I’d been on the receiving end of enough shots to know the basics. At least, that’s what I thought. I knew the drug needed to go in a vein to take effect quickly. That’s where life grew complicated. It took forever to find one. I ended up fetching the tourniquet and tying it tightly around his upper arm. 
Nurses made the process look easy. They leaned over, picked a spot, and slid the needle in. I followed the same steps, terrified of poking a hole all the way through and blowing the vein. Blood trickled down his forearm when I pulled the needle out. When it was finally done, I stood up, not knowing if I’d just killed the man or put him under. 
Tyler, Joshua and I carried him down and stretched him out on the bar. Elsie had put down a clean sheet. Keith had fork in hand ready to fish tools out of the steaming pot. I felt like laughing at the absurdity of it all.
I don’t want to make light of the procedure, but all in all, it turned out to be fairly simple. I placed the tourniquet a few inches above his knee and pulled it as tight as I could. We used the Betadine around the area where the cut would take place. The scalpel slid through the flesh with little resistance. I worked my way down to the bone in a circular motion around the leg rather than trying to cut straight through it. Even with the tourniquet, blood went everywhere, oozing and sometimes squirting from the open wound until my hands and the sheet were soaked. The bone saw made short work of the bone. All in all, half an hour after we’d started, Gabriel laid one leg short. 
Cauterizing the stump was, to put it mildly, horrible. The smell that rose from the steaming flesh could have gagged a corpse. I also had no idea if I was burning it enough or not. In the end, I prayed silently that the process would not be one I’d ever have to repeat. 
Once Elsie had the bandages in place, I drew up a shot of the Gentamicin. I knew he needed the constant flow of antibiotics that an IV would provide, but had neither the skill nor the proper equipment. The shot wouldn’t be ideal, but at least it would get the drugs in him. 
With the leg gone, we set about cleaning up. Keith and Tyler took him back upstairs. I pulled the corners of the sheet up, wrapped the amputated member inside, and carried the whole mess out the back door. Elsie used the Betadine and boiling water to scrub the bar top down. Once we were done, aside from the medical supplies still scattered across the table and the faint stink of burned flesh drifting in the open room, no one would have suspected that we’d just cut off a man’s leg. 
The clock read 3:32 when Elsie and I opened the back door and sat in the enclosed landing to smoke. She’d brought two glasses with an inch of amber fluid swirling in the bottom. One sniff told me that Johnny Walker would be keeping us company. 
Tyler went to bed first after washing himself with the steaming water from the pot. Keith soon followed. I’d already cleaned the blood off my hands, but still felt nasty enough to head for the shower and its cold water. Elsie still sat at the kitchen table sipping coffee when I emerged. She waved at the clock and said she’d just stay up. I looked at it and saw nearly an hour had passed since we’d taken Gabriel upstairs. I could see her point. The old woman was usually up by five am. Thirty minutes of sleep wouldn’t make much difference in the grand scheme of things. 
I had no intention of staying up. Exhausted didn’t quite describe how wasted I felt. Other than a couple of hours in the hammock the afternoon before, I’d not slept much in two days. I stood in the weak light, studying the room and swaying on my feet. My sleeping bag still lay crumpled in the corner where I’d left it after my nap. The thought of the bag rolled out and me in it seemed heavenly.
“I’m going down the beach again tomorrow. We have to get those people up here.”
Elsie raised tired eyes.
“Tomorrow is already here. I think you should stay here and rest up. There’s plenty to do around this place and one day isn’t going to make that much difference.”
Aside from the fact that she was right, I didn’t feel like arguing. 
“We’ll see,” I told her as I headed for the sleeping bag. The cloth felt wonderful.  I could have been settling into a king-sized bed cushioned by clouds for all the thought I gave to the floor under me.
Sleep came quickly, and thankfully, the dreams stayed away. I slept until 10 a.m. the next morning. Even then, I didn’t come awake on my own, but by the sound of screams piercing through the old building.
I bolted upright, fighting with the covers to get on my feet. My mind refused to work. I could hear the wails echoing through the wooden halls, but couldn’t figure out which direction to turn. 
Elsie solved that problem when she rushed out of the little bedroom near the bath and flew up the stairs. I took off after her and hit the stairs running. My brain still hadn’t engaged enough to process rational thought, but my feet seemed to understand that my body needed to be elsewhere.
At the top, Elsie stood next to the sickroom. Kate leaned against the door outside, shaking and crying. Denise walked past me, her face pale. Beyond the old woman, I could see Joshua and Keith standing inside. 
I pushed my way through them. The scene inside the bedroom brought me up short. Gabriel lay face down on the floor. A perfectly round and familiar looking piece of wood had been driven straight through his body. 
“He was fine this morning,” Kate sobbed. “I checked on him. He was awake. He wanted me to sweep out his room.”
I stared at her, confused. Nothing she said made sense.
“I did it. He said to leave the broom.”
At the last sentence, a light clicked on. I turned and looked around until I found the bottom half of the broom. The handle had been broken in two.
 “When I came back,” the girl cried, “he had snapped the handle off and had the pointed end against his chest. He grinned at me and said, ‘I started growing claws.’”
Her voice faltered. 
“Then he fell on it. Oh my God, he fell on it.”
“Easy girl,” Elsie said and put her arm around the younger woman. “That infection had his mind confused. It’s not your fault.”
I walked over, careful not to stumble across his one good leg splayed out on the floor.  
Gabriel hadn’t been confused or hallucinating. I’d seen fingers like that the night before, on a frail old woman who had turned into a snarling beast right in front of me. I eased him over enough to see what lay underneath. Blood pooled black and thick against the wooden floor. 
“No,” I said quietly. “It wasn’t the infection. At least, not the one you’re talking about.”
I looked up into staring and expectant eyes. I had a lot to tell them. They weren’t going to like any of it.


Author’s note:

I appreciate all the kind comments. Visit my website at http://www.michael-stark.com/ .

Also, come see me at my Facebook page: http://www.facebook.com/michael.stark.stories

MS

