GO BACK

The Short Story Prequel to ‘Underlife’

eBook Edition
Copyright © 2012 Marissa Farrar

Published by Warwick House Press
at Smashwords

Edited by Wade-Staten Services

Cover art by Neil Jackson of Cow and Pig Designs

License Notes
This eBook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This eBook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. If you’re reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of these authors.


Publisher’s Note
This is a work of fiction. Names, characters, places, and incidents are either the products of the author’s imagination or are used fictitiously, and any resemblance to actual persons, living or dead, business establishments, events, or locales is entirely coincidental.



TABLE OF CONTENTS

*You can click on the title to be taken to the selection. Additionally, clicking on the chapter titles will bring you back to the table of contents.

Go Back

Underlife:

Chapter One
Chapter Two
Chapter Three


Go Back


Thomas Young flashed his Oyster travel card at the sensor on the turnstile. The rubber flaps of the gate swung open, allowing him through. Ahead, a long escalator headed deep beneath ground. 
Tom mounted the moving stairs, but, instead of standing still and allowing the motor to do its work, he trotted down them. He used the rubber handrail to keep his balance, ignoring the few people heading up the escalator on the opposite side.
In his other hand, he held the bag containing everything he’d needed for that day’s presentation—his laptop, leaflets, and the obligatory free pens health professionals couldn’t seem to get enough of.
How ironic, he thought. I’ve just left a room full of doctors and yet I’m the one who has to return to the hospital.
At the bottom, Tom checked the tube map to make sure he was taking the right tunnel to head east. Even after spending almost ten years living in London, he still found himself checking automatically. 
If Tom had a meeting in the city, he rarely took the car. It was easier to jump on the tube than sit in traffic for two hours and spend a fortune on fuel and a parking space. Of course, money played a part in Tom’s choice of transport. Ever since his nine-year-old son, David, had become sick, he and his wife, Abigail, had needed to watch every penny. 
Abby had cut back her hours in order to look after David. Luckily, the pharmaceutical company Tom worked for as a sales representative paid good money, but they were heavily mortgaged and the huge council tax and utility bills didn’t just disappear because their son was sick. Abby worked part-time in a call-centre but couldn’t do any more hours. She was already wracked with guilt at leaving David’s side in order to work, but those few hundred pounds a month just about kept them going.
The tube seemed strangely deserted that afternoon. Tom turned down the tunnel he needed and, within a minute, stepped onto the platform. A few other people also waited for the train—a couple of older teenage girls and a business man like himself—but Tom ignored them. He glanced up at the arrivals board.
2 mins. 
Tom shuffled from foot to foot, one eye fixed on the arrival board, waiting for it to change. Every minute spent standing on the platform was a minute less spent with David. He knew Abby would be exhausted by now and getting impatient—probably checking the clock as much as him.
He’d hoped he would be finished earlier, but the group of doctors had expected dessert, followed by coffee, milking the pharmaceutical budget for all they were worth. Tom had made small talk while surreptitiously checking his watch and hoping they’d hurry up.
At least this group had been decent enough to listen politely to his presentation before the meal. God knows he’d given enough talks where the doctors had chatted to each other or answered their mobile phones while he attempted to tell them about the latest developments in his products. Most of the time, they were only there for a free meal and a pen.
They always wanted the damn pens.
Tom sighed. Since his son had become sick, he’d understood how menial and shallow his work was. All he did was make money for a huge multinational company who didn’t give a damn if their products helped people, only that they sold. The irony was, only when he realised how much he hated his work, did he also need it the most.
The rails embedded in the two foot drop in front of him began to hum. As he watched, a mouse scurried down the side of the track and vanished beneath a sleeper. Within seconds, the hum turned into a roar and the rails blurred from the vibrations.
A blast of hot, stale air signalled the arrival of the tube train, sending Tom’s suit jacket flapping around his body. The front of the train blasted down the tunnel, bringing with it carriage after carriage, slowing until one eventually stopped in front of him. The doors slid open with a beep. Tom hoisted his bag into his opposite hand, flexing his fingers to get the blood flowing back into them, and stepped onto the train. 
No one else sat in the carriage. He took a seat nearest the door, settling his bag between his feet. He tugged at the waistband of his suit trousers as he sat down, trying to loosen it. They’d grown tight over the last couple of months—the result of too many company dinners. That he and Abby were hardly ever home together didn’t help. One of them always tried to be at the hospital and it never seemed worth cooking for one. He was eating so much junk he found himself craving a salad, anything fresh and kept far from the deep fat fryer, and his waistband was straining under the extra weight he had packed on.
Tom stared at his reflection in the opposite window. Now thirty-seven, rapidly whitening strands salt and peppered his dark hair. Luckily, most of the weight gain wasn’t showing on his face, though he didn’t know how long that would last. He ran a hand across his jaw and skin, feeling the beard growth about to prickle through his skin. He’d always thought he looked good for his age, but, now, dark shadows bruised his eyes and the lines at the corners of his mouth had deepened. 
Sad, he realised. I look sad.
Tom closed his eyes and rested the back of his head against the window behind him. The train rattled, the wheels screeching against the rails—a teeth-setting sound of metal on metal—as they thundered down the line.
The train slowed in the tunnel and then drew to a complete stop. Tom opened his eyes and exhaled a deep sigh. He shifted in his seat, hoping there wouldn’t be a delay. Getting stuck down here for any length of time, with no way of letting Abby know what had happened to him, would be a nightmare.
Above his head, the strips of fluorescent lights flickered. Tom’s gaze lifted to the ceiling of the train and he frowned.
The lights flickered again and, suddenly, the train was plunged into darkness. Tom froze, his hand gripping the pole to his left. Around him, the train shuddered, the power dying from the motor.
Oh no. This could be bad.
Sitting in the pitch black, with no one else around him, set Tom on edge. If no power fed through the train, he doubted the driver would be able to give an announcement to let the passengers know what was going on. Surely there was a backup generator? Some way of being able to illuminate the cars?
But, just as the first spikes of nerves clutched at his heart, the train thrummed back to life. The lights flickered and then came back on.
Tom breathed a sigh of relief. He didn’t like being in the dark—a childish fear he would never admit to aloud. He’d suffered from bad dreams for most of his life and each one centred around being caught in the dark. In childhood, they’d been closer to night-terrors. His foster parents would find him sitting up in bed, screaming, his eyes wide open as though he were actually awake. Tom wasn’t stupid—he knew the dreams stemmed from his missing early years. As a seven-year-old boy, he’d been found wandering the streets of London with no idea who he was or where he’d come from. Social Services had done their best to locate any family, but none had been found and Tom ended up in care. Even now, his memory of that time was foggy and, if he tried to think much past his time in care, a great wall seemed to block his memories. Sometimes he thought the bad dreams were his subconscious’ way of remembering. But, if those were memories, he figured he was better off not knowing.
As the train pulled forward, rattling once again through the underground tunnels, something caught Tom’s eye. He frowned and leaned forward to get a better look.
On the window opposite, someone had scrawled graffiti in yellow paint:
GO BACK
Involuntarily, his muscles tensed; a tiny almost imperceptible shudder. Ghostly fingers crept up his spine. The words made him uneasy, as though he were experiencing déjà-vu. 
In fact, it was more than déjà-vu. This was the second time this week he’d seen those same words. The first time, the words had been etched into a bench in Regent’s Park. Tom liked to go to the park for lunch sometimes. He sat beside a fence dividing the park from London Zoo. He would sit and watch the wolves pace around their enclosure, their lean scrawny bodies a contrast to the powerful and majestic animals portrayed on television. He hadn’t been back in a while. Since David had fallen ill, the sight of the animals made him sad, but, for some reason, he’d been drawn there that day and he’d noticed the words scarred into the wood, the surface still scratched and splintered. The words had confused, but not scared him. He’d assumed some new gang was writing their strange tag all over town, but, now, looking at them on the tube window sent shivers down his spine.
Surely the graffiti hadn’t been there before the train stopped and the lights went out? He remembered looking at his reflection in the window. Now, when he did so, the words were scribbled right across his face.
Something else wasn’t right.
Tom half-stood and crossed the small space to the seats opposite. He reached out and traced his fingers across the words. The window felt smooth and undisturbed.
The words are written on the outside of the window, he realised. Not only that, they’d been deliberately written so they could be read from the inside of the train.
So they could be read by him.
Tom shook the idea from his head and sat back down in his original seat, his bag clutched between his ankles. The sudden appearance of the graffiti unnerved him. Surely someone hadn’t drawn the graffiti on the outside of the train while they’d been stopped in the tunnel?
No, the idea was ridiculous. He must have just not noticed before. He’d been distracted and in a rush; he could have easily overlooked something so common.
Finally, the train roared into the station. People lingered on the platform, waiting to embark. He needed to change lines, so he stood, picked up his bag, and hit the button to open the doors. The doors slid open and Tom made a quick exit, thankful for the extra light and the sense of space. Perhaps he’d get a taxi the rest of the way—screw the budget for once.
He stepped onto the platform, then paused and turned around. Hesitantly, he reached out and touched the graffiti. When he drew his hand away, yellow tipped his fingers.
The paint was wet.

Tom stepped through the doors of the East London hospital and into the lobby where another set of glass doors barred his way. These doors, he knew, wouldn’t open so readily. With the number of young children behind them, security remained tight. An older man named Ben—something Tom had learned during the times he had stood talking, lingering in the lobby to catch a five minute break—sat in a booth on Tom’s right. 
Tom approached and Ben looked up, a smile on his lined face. 
“Good evening, Mr Young. Back again so soon?”
Tom returned the smile, half-hearted. “Sure. Couldn’t stay away. Not when they need me.” 
He picked up a pen and began to fill in the visitor’s card he needed to complete each time he arrived.
“No, of course not. Silly of me,” Ben admonished himself. “How is the little guy?”
“As well as can be expected.” Tom picked up his card and slid it into the plastic backing, turning the card into a badge. He pinned it to his shirt. “He’s a brave kid.”
Braver than I’ll ever be.
“Well, tell him I said hi,” Ben said and pressed the buzzer, allowing Tom through.
The smell always hit Tom first, the cloying scent of disinfectant and sickness. Even after he left the hospital, he could still taste it in the back of his throat. He would never again be able to smell bleach without being propelled to this time and place.
The corridors down to David’s room were as familiar to Tom as his own home. He passed the nurses’ desk, nodding hello to the nurses he recognised. They smiled back, but he only saw pity in their eyes. Where once he’d turned a nurse’s head for all the right reasons, now all they thought about him was “poor guy.”
He reached David’s room and paused outside for a moment, his hand resting on the handle.
It wasn’t that he didn’t want to see his son; he loved his son more than anything in the world. But, sometimes, he felt as though he was drowning in it all—his son’s sickness and his wife’s pain. There was no room for any pain of his own and his pretence of strength for his family exhausted him. Every day it got harder and harder to finish work and walk into this room with a smile on his face.
As he pushed the door open, Abigail glanced up from her novel. She’d been carrying the brick of a book around for weeks, but Tom couldn’t help noticing she was still only a few pages in. Dark rings hollowed her eyes, her face free from makeup. Only a few months ago, Abigail kept a regular appointment with the salon, her blonde hair maintained with expensive highlights. Now, she looked like a different woman. The roots of her hair were dark and streaked with grey, her nails bitten to the quick. Though only thirty-four years old, she appeared to be much older. The energy she used to put into her appearance had been usurped by the sickness devouring her son.
“You’re late,” she said, quietly, her gaze flicking over to her sleeping son.
“I’m sorry. My meeting ran over and I couldn’t get out of it.”
“Davey was asking for you. We both have work to do, Tom. I always manage to get here on time.”
Immediately, the conversation had turned into another argument. It was always the same; who had been at the hospital the longest, who’d had the hardest day at work, who was the most tired. Tom didn’t understand when their marriage had turned into a competition.
“I know, but I don’t work shift work like you. I can’t just clock in and out.”
“So, what are you saying? That your work is more important than mine?”
She glared at him. He sighed and pulled up a chair, tiredness draping over him in a thick blanket, smothering him. 
He put his head in his hands. “I never said that. Please, let’s not do this again.”
Abby bit down on her anger, but her resentment simmered in the room like a bad smell. 
David moaned in his sleep and twisted his head against the pillow. Instantly, both parents forgot their squabble and turned their attention to their sick son.
Where once thick, blond curls had crowned his head, only wisps of fine hair remained. His head looked like a newborn baby’s. The most shocking thing for Tom had been his loss of eyelashes and eyebrows. Even as a baby, David had always had such long eyelashes. Now, their absence made him look strange, alien even, though Tom would never speak his thoughts aloud. 
David’s small fist tightened around his Robosapien toy—a type of transformer that turned from human to robot, and back again. The toy was his current favourite. On the pillow, the corner held against his face, lay his Night-night; a small piece of blanket he’d kept since he was a baby, something he rubbed against his top lip for comfort and used to yell at his mother for washing. Night-night had been put into retirement a couple of years ago, but, as soon as he’d fallen sick, he’d asked for the comforter again. David hid the blanket if the nurses came in, a pride that broke Tom’s heart.
Abby smoothed David’s hot forehead with her palm and he settled back to sleep.
“Are you okay to take over for a few hours?” she asked Tom, her voice low. “I’ve been here since first thing.”
He nodded. “Of course. Go home, get some rest.”
Their lives had changed so much. Tom sometimes struggled to believe only four months had passed since David was diagnosed. He used to finish work and come home to Abby cooking dinner. David would run, helter-skelter, into his arms, always ridiculously pleased to see him. After David went to bed, they would open a bottle of wine. A simple pleasure, but, to Tom, it was what life was all about—this time with his wife and best friend, their child sleeping peacefully upstairs. Now, everything had changed. He and Abby barely even spent time in the same room together. And when they did, they argued.
Abby leant across the bed and gave David a kiss on the forehead. She lingered for a moment and Tom knew she was breathing him in, trying to imprint his smell on her memory, haunted by a terrible fear that he wouldn’t be alive when she got back. Tom knew this because he did exactly the same thing every time he left. When David had first been in hospital, Abby hadn’t left his side for a moment. But this was his third round of chemotherapy and radiation. They both knew they couldn’t cling onto their sanity trapped within the walls of this building. Though they could never truly escape the horror of what was happening, they needed time out to come back stronger for David.
She rose from her son and bent to give Tom a brief, perfunctory kiss. There was no room for passion in their relationship anymore; they existed only for their child.
“I’ll be back to take over the night shift,” she said. She gave her son another longing glance before forcing herself to leave the room.
Tom settled into the chair, the furniture’s stiff back making it difficult to get comfortable. It had been a tough day at work and he hated his job, dragging himself through the day until it was time to come back to David. 
David moaned again, pulling Tom from his thoughts. The boy bolted upright in bed, his eyes wide and afraid, his face pale.
Immediately, Tom was by his side. “Hey kiddo, how are you feeling?”
“I’m not—” he managed before abruptly turning his head and leaning over the side of the bed. He vomited into the bedpan on the floor, his narrow back heaving.
David sat back up, his already pale skin now almost translucent, a thin film of sweat creating sheen, and wiped his mouth with the back of his hand.
Tom went to the sink in the corner of the room and ran a flannel beneath the cool water. He wrung out the cloth, carried it over to his son, and gently wiped down his face. A glass of water sat on the night table. Tom picked it up and held it to his son’s lips. David slurped noisily and then pushed his hand away.
“Better?” Tom asked.    
David nodded. “A little. Still feel a bit sick though.” His pale blue eyes took in the room around him. “Where’s Mum?”
“She’s had to go home for a bit, but she’ll be back soon. You okay with it just being me for a little while?”
“Yeah, I guess that would be okay.”
“Glad to hear it. Are you hungry? Can I get you anything?”
His son thought for a moment, concentration furrowing his normally smooth brow. “Maybe some juice,” he said hopefully.
“I think I can manage juice. Sure you’re not hungry?”
As an answer, David pulled a retching face. 
Tom managed a half-smile. “I’ll take that as a no.”
Tom watched David as he settled back against his pillows and picked up his toy. He started to move its legs and arms, making pow and thwack noises.
Happy his son was settled, Tom opened the door and slipped out into the corridor. He headed to the nurses’ station, his eyes focused on the person sitting behind the desk, her head bent over some paperwork. She must have heard his footsteps approach for she looked up, her dark eyes smiling.
“Hey,” she said. “How is he?”
Samantha Clarke was in her late twenties. Her long, dark hair hung in a ponytail down her back and her skin was the colour of milky-coffee. Tom guessed she must have some Spanish or Mexican in her background.
“Not so good,” he replied. “He’s throwing up again.”
“Poor kid. I’ll get him some more anti-emetics. That should make him feel better.”
They smiled at each other, but kept a respectful distance. Both of them were aware that, had they met in different circumstances—if he’d been single and they’d met in a bar with a couple of drinks down them—something might have happened between them. But Tom had no interest in other women and she wasn’t the type to steal someone’s husband, so they remained friendly, but distant.
“Thanks,” he said. “He’s also asking for juice.”
She smiled again.
Her patients must think she’s an angel, he thought.
“Well, that’s a good sign. I’ll go and rustle him some up.”
“Thanks, Samantha.” 
She stood from her desk and disappeared into the office behind. Tom turned and walked down the rest of the corridor towards the bathrooms, his shoes squeaking on the polished floor. 
Simple, brightly coloured paintings of houses and stick families had been done by the children and framed and hung on the white walls. The pictures were an attempt to brighten up an otherwise sterile place, but Tom didn’t believe there was any way to inject happiness into a place people only come to because something terrible had happened. He wondered how many of these children were still alive and which ones never made it out of the hospital.
He pushed open the bathroom door. Three cubicles lined one wall with a matching number of sinks opposite, but no urinal. Harsh disinfectant burnt his nostrils and a bright fluorescent tube thrummed overhead. He walked to the last cubical, the one he’d grown into the habit of using, the one he had come to think of as his toilet.
Tom pulled down the seat cover with a clatter and sat down heavily. He ran his hands through his hair. He could murder a drink—an ice cold beer or, even better, a stiff scotch. He’d been drinking too much lately, the extra calories adding to his ever-expanding waist line. When he woke each morning, his mouth dry and his brain foggy, he vowed he wouldn’t drink that night. But, by the time he got home, whether from the hospital or straight from work, it was the only way he could numb himself. The only way he stopped his mind from racing enough to get some sleep. 
He was living on caffeine to get him through the day, and then, when he was home and it was Abby’s turn at the hospital, he relied on alcohol to get him through the night. He’d find himself waking suddenly, his heart racing, unable to fight the idea that David was already dead. The fear of losing his son gripped him constantly. He didn’t know how he was going to survive himself if David didn’t make it.
The sound of the bathroom door opening disturbed his thoughts. He tracked footsteps to the first cubical and listened to the hollow trickle of a man taking a leak. Tom sat still, his breathing shallow, frozen in the moment until the man finished and left.
The noise had awakened Tom’s own bladder and he forced himself to his feet. He couldn’t sit around in a public toilet all day; he needed to get back to David. He put the seat back up and unzipped his fly. Hot urine hit the water and his eyes roamed the white tiles in front of him. Someone had gone to a lot of trouble to graffiti them: using something sharp to scrape words into the ceramic and then gone back over the lines with a black marker pen, making sure no one could wash it off. It took Tom a moment to put together the lines so they formed words:
GO BACK
Tom’s heart lurched into his throat. With a shaking hand, he reached out and ran his finger across the rough edges of the writing. Tears pricked the backs of his eyes.
He couldn’t help feeling as though the words had been written for him. 
The dread that had been haunting him ever since they’d heard about David’s leukaemia settled over him like a cloak. Beneath the dread, rage built. He couldn’t help David—that was the problem. He was supposed to protect his child and he had failed. Now David was sick and nothing Tom could do would ever make him better.
Go back.
“I wish I could,” he said, not knowing who he was speaking to. 
He would give almost anything to go back to a time before the leukaemia had taken over all of their lives. He hadn’t appreciated how good they’d had it.
Tom tore his eyes from the disjointed writing.
The bathroom door banged open and two men walked in talking loudly and laughing. It broke Tom from the moment and he adjusted his clothes, deliberately not allowing himself to look back up. 
The strange graffiti all but forgotten, Tom made his way back to his son’s room. Pausing outside of the room, laughter filtered through the closed door. His heart swelled when he recognised the sound as David’s. He pushed the door open and saw Samantha standing by David’s drip, injecting what he assumed were anti-emetics into the fluid bag.
They both smiled as he walked in.
“Dad,” David said, excited. “Samantha says she used to have a robot that turned into a car, but I told her a robot turning into a person was loads better ‘cause you can’t even drive a car unless someone’s in it!”
Tom grinned at his son’s practical train of thought, pleased David seemed happier for the moment; normally the burning and sickness from the chemo left him so distressed. “Well, you’re right, but I think if the car could turn into a robot, it could probably drive itself.”
David’s eyes widened at the thought. “Cool!” He grew serious. “Well, maybe the car would be better then?”
“Nah,” said Samantha, finishing what she was doing. “What would you rather be, a person or a car?”
“Cars go faster.”
“Yeah,” she said, nodding, “but they don’t have any parents, they sleep in the garage, and only eat petrol.”
He considered this for a moment. “Okay,” he decided. “Person to robot is definitely cooler.”
Tom had a sudden desire to reach over and stroke his son’s pale cheek, but he didn’t. His affection would embarrass David in front of Samantha.
As if sensing this moment of intimacy, Samantha smiled at him. “I’ll leave you to it,” she said quietly and slipped from the room.
David sat back against his pillows, suddenly looking exhausted.
“Why don’t you try to get some sleep?” Tom said.
“I’ve been sleeping all day.” The tired youngster protested, but, even as he said the words, Tom saw his hand sneaking to his blanket, stroking the soft material between his fingers. Tom got up and pulled the curtains of the small room. On the other side of the room was a chair that folded down into a bed. For this, Tom was grateful. Being able to sleep at the hospital meant they never needed to leave David for hours on end. Even at night, either he or Abby were always only feet away if David needed them.
A square of folded blankets balanced on the chair and Tom lifted them off and put them on the floor. He felt around the side of the chair for a lever. His fingers caught the handle and he pulled it down and towards him, releasing the seat and pulling the back of the chair flat, creating a narrow bunk. 
Awkwardly, he climbed onto the makeshift bed and lay down on his side. He reached down and picked up the blankets, shaking them until they separated. He draped them across himself, covering the lower half of his body. The pillow was thin and hard—standard hospital pillow—and, for the hundredth time, he reminded himself to bring one in from home.
Already David’s eyes had closed. One hand gripped his Night-night, the other wrapped loosely around his toy. His breathing became slow and steady, rhythmical.
Tom closed his own eyes and allowed sleep to take him away.

Tom sat in the dark. A cold, hard floor pressed against his bony bottom and the backs of his thighs. His hands rested in his lap, his fingers twisted together. The threadbare clothes he wore did little to protect him from the frigid temperature and it crept around him, prickling his skin with cold fingers. From somewhere in the distance came the hollow trickle of running water, but no other sounds met his ears.
The dark surrounded him—darkness so black and thick it was like a living thing. He was encased, as though trapped inside the gut of a giant monster.
Something moved beside him. A sharp scurrying in the black. He cringed, but couldn’t pinpoint where the sound had come from. He withdrew inside himself, pulling his arms and legs closer to his torso, his testicles sinking inside his body with a dull ache that sickened his stomach.
Something of substance moved around him, like a living shadow hidden within the dark. It lightly touched his face, his cheek, his hand, making him flinch.
A child’s voice whimpered in the darkness and it took him a moment to realise the sound was his own. 
A child, he was a child again.
There were things with him in the dark, things with sharp teeth and cruel eyes, things that slipped between the folds of black with the subtlety of a stalker.
He shivered; his skin rose in goose bumps. The panic of claustrophobia built within him, the darkness pressing in. He was scared, but he knew this place. 
He’d dreamt this before.
A dream, he realised with body-sagging relief. He was dreaming.
He desperately wanted to wake up. Reality floated above him, just out of reach, frustratingly close. If he struggled a little harder, maybe he could break the spell. But he couldn’t and the darkness swallowed him.
Is this what it’s like to be blind?
The thought went through his head, but he knew it was not. Even the blind had some perception of light, darkness, and shapes. Here, there was nothing—only the black pressing upon his eyeballs.
Out of the shadows, cold, dead fingers stroked his cheek and he screamed, jerking his face away. Hands surrounded him, reaching into his hair, touching the back of his neck, and, as he screamed again, forcing themselves into his mouth and down his throat, stifling his screams and stopping his breath...

“Tom?”
He started out of the depths of his nightmare, confused and disoriented. Fingers touched the back of his hand and he snatched it away, barely managing to stop the scream still crammed in his throat.
“Tom, are you all right?”
Abigail crouched down beside him, concern etched on her face. Tom blinked and rubbed his eyes with the back of his hand.
“I was dreaming,” he said, his breath quick, his heart still thumping against his ribcage. He swallowed hard. “That same one again.”
Abby nodded. “I know, I could tell by the noises you were making. I tried to wake you, but I didn’t want to wake Davey as well.”
Tom pulled himself to sitting and glanced over to where his son still slept peacefully. Whatever Tom had been doing in his sleep, he hadn’t bothered David too much.
“What’s the time?” he asked, climbing from the make-shift bed. His neck and shoulders felt stiff from sleeping at an awkward angle, so he stood straight, and rolled his shoulders. He reached towards the ceiling, enjoying the stretch.
“Just past eleven. I got a few hours sleep at home and I thought you might appreciate a shift change.”
He smiled at her. Despite everything that had happened, Abby still always put everyone before herself. 
“Thanks,” he said. “You’re the best.”
She smiled back and, impulsively, Tom leant over and kissed her on the mouth. Abby returned the kiss for a moment and then broke away.
“Not here, Tom. It’s not right.”
“I wasn’t trying anything,” he said, exasperated. “I only gave my wife a kiss.”
Heat coloured her cheeks but she glanced away. “I know.” 
She busied herself, picking up and folding the blanket Tom had kicked onto the floor during his nightmare. 
“Why don’t you get yourself home?” she said. “I’m sure you’ve had a busy week, you must need the rest.”
Tom had a feeling she was trying to get rid of him. The rejection stung, but he bit his tongue, not wanting to start an argument. It seemed to be easier these days if they just avoided each other’s company.
“I’ll leave you to it then,” he said, standing. He crossed the small room and bent down, kissing his sleeping son’s forehead. “Sleep well,” he whispered, placing his large palm against the boy’s soft cheek, absorbing the warmth of his skin.
“I’ll be back first thing,” he told Abby. “Is that okay?”
“Of course. You should take the car.”
Abby’s car was parked in the hospital car park.
“No, don’t worry. I can catch the last tube.”
“Tom,” she said, her voice stern. “It’s late. Take the car.”
“There’s no point in us having two vehicles parked in the driveway while you’re here with no transport,” he argued. “What if you need to get home?”
“I can get a cab.”
“Don’t be stupid. I can take the tube. I’ll be able to drive my own car here tomorrow. If I don’t do that, you’re only going to need to get the tube to work in the morning rather than being able to drive straight there.”
“Okay, sure.” Her face sagged with exhaustion, clearly too tired to argue any further.
“Good.”
Already she’d curled up on the bunk, the blanket she’d folded only minutes before now tucked up over her shoulders.
He reached the door and paused. Abby had closed her eyes and he knew she was waiting for him to leave. The barrier between them felt so strong it was almost visible. For a moment, he wanted to say something. He wanted to break out of the rut they were in, wanted to scream at her that he loved her and he wanted things to change. Instead, he just stood and stared, the words bellowing in his head, but, like an extreme form of stammer, he couldn’t seem to get them out.
Tom sighed as though his heart was breaking and reluctantly left the room.
 
Guilt weighed heavy on Tom’s shoulders as he headed into the tube station. Abby had to work the next day and he knew she’d be tired from a broken night’s sleep at the hospital. Last night had been his turn to stay. They tried to alternate, but that didn’t alleviate his guilt. Perhaps he should have offered to stay tonight as well and do two nights in a row so Abby would be fresh for work the next day? Mentally, he shook his head. Abby would never have gone for it. Her own guilt stemmed from not spending enough time with David and she wouldn’t have gone two nights without being by his side.
No matter how much either of them did, it never seemed to be enough.
Tom swiped his travel card and stepped through the barrier. He stepped onto the escalator ahead, allowing the machinery to carry him into London’s bowels. He was too exhausted to bother walking down them and he still had five minutes before the last train.
Tom stepped off the bottom of the escalator and headed down the tunnel leading east. He ignored the numerous framed poster adverts for West-End shows and men’s fragrances attached to the walls. Litter, bundled paper bags of Burger King, had been thrown into a corner. One of the empty bags rustled and shifted.
Mice, or maybe even a rat.
Tom averted his gaze and kept walking, his footsteps loud in the confined tunnel, the sound echoing from the low ceiling and tiled walls. The space was muggy around him, the smell of engine oil and old food permeating the air.
He exited the tunnel and stepped out onto a deserted platform.
Where was everybody tonight?
Had he missed the last train? He craned his neck to check the arrivals board. No, the last train was due in three minutes.
Tom sighed and took a seat on the small bank of hard, plastic seats attached to the wall behind him. Why was he even bothering to sit down? He knew he’d have to get up again in a minute, but, right now, he’d take whatever brief respite he could. 
The train arrived with a screech of metal and an almost apocalyptic hot wind, blew against his face. Tom got to his feet and a set of doors beeped open in front of him. With heavy legs, he dragged himself onto the train and dropped into the nearest seat. The coarse material of the seat scratched through his suit trousers and he shifted to get comfortable.
The doors beeped shut and the train began to move. The carriage shifted and roared around his ears, shaking and jolting as it headed back into the tunnel like a millipede into its burrow.
He had eight stops before reaching his more affluent district of Woodford—a journey that would take at least twenty minutes. Tom closed his eyes and rested the side of his head against the protective Perspex shield to his left.
And exhaustion claimed him.

Tom opened his eyes to silence. He blinked—once, twice—and sat up straight.
Where am I?
As his eyes adjusted, he realised where he was. The train, of course, I’m on the tube. A series of lights ran down the centre of the train floor and more lights were outside the window, strung horizontally along the tunnel wall.
The gloom unnerved him, but the quiet worried him most. The train was stationary, but even trains that stopped in the tunnels normally had some power going through them. Even if it didn’t, he’d still expect to detect the grumble or shriek of other trains passing through the tunnels nearby. Right now, he heard nothing.
What the hell was going on?
Tom picked up his bag and got to his feet. 
“Hello?” he called out, his voice horribly loud in the small space. His anxiety stepped up a notch, his heart racing in a frantic beat. He hoped the lighting would stay on. He didn’t like the dark. He especially didn’t like the dark when he was trapped hundreds of feet underground.
With no other options, Tom started to walk down the length of the carriage, towards the front of the train. Perhaps someone would be in the driver’s car or he’d find a radio to call for help.
Had the train failed, he wondered, and the passengers all made to walk out, along the tunnel? Perhaps they’d put out an announcement, but he’d been so sound asleep he hadn’t heard. It wouldn’t surprise him. After spending the previous night at the hospital, he’d barely slept over the past forty-eight hours.
“Dammit,” he muttered. Someone would answer for this. How could they abandon a train without ensuring the carriages were clear of passengers first? He’d claim compensation for emotional distress when he got out of here—God knew they could use the money.
The adjoining doors of each of the carriages stood open and Tom stepped from one to the next, making his way farther down the body of the tube train. 
Suddenly, he caught a glimpse of a pale face and wide dark eyes at the window to his left. Tom’s heart stuttered in his chest and he cried out in shock, stumbling back and catching hold of a bar to stop himself from falling over.
The face was pressed close to the glass, hands cupped around its eyes, watching him. Tom pulled himself together. What the hell was he being so jumpy for? The person must be one of the passengers. 
“Hey,” he called out. “Wait for me.”
When he spoke, the face disappeared from the window. 
“Hey, wait!” he yelled again, beginning to walk back down the train. He picked up his pace and started to run. His bag banged against his legs and hit the numerous bars positioned along the train for people to hang onto if they didn’t get a seat. He debated dumping it, but it held his laptop and he couldn’t stand the idea of something happening to his computer.
As he ran, he lowered his head and craned his neck, trying to spot the person he’d seen. Within a few carriages, he reached the driver’s cab. The door stood open.
Tom leaned out, into the tunnel. “Hey, you out there!”    
He fell silent and listened for a response, but heard nothing.
He hadn’t imagined the person, he was sure he hadn’t.
His heart thumped and his breath left his body in heavy gasps. His lungs tightened painfully, his throat constricted from his race through the train. Exercise wasn’t a part of his daily routine and he’d felt every step.
What should he do now? He didn’t want to leave the train and take after the person he thought he’d seen, but what if the man—was it even a man or perhaps a young woman?—was one of the passengers and they were all being led down the tunnel? If he hurried, he might catch up with them.
Tom hesitated. Quickly, he scanned the train’s control panel, checking for a radio. A small hand piece was fitted into the front, but no power was going through the vehicle and Tom knew it wouldn’t work.
Nevertheless, he picked up the radio and spoke into the handset. “Hello? Is anyone there?” No echo or crackle came back to him, nothing to indicate the radio was live.
“Shit!” Tom dropped the handset and turned back to the open doorway. He’d need to hurry if he was going to catch up. He certainly didn’t want to spend all night down here in a deserted train.
He stepped from the driver’s carriage and dropped down onto the track. Would the track be live? He couldn’t remember how the rails worked. Was the whole thing electrified? No, he remembered, a separate rail ran down the middle of the track to power the train. As long as he stayed away from that he’d be fine.
But you’re still stuck down here, a little voice in his head reminded him. Stuck down here in the dark... alone.
No, not alone. He’d seen someone.
Tom carefully picked his way down the track and past the length of the train, trying not to trip on the rails. His attention moved between the rail line and the carriages he now passed, just in case he’d missed someone else also left on the train. But the carriages were all empty. 
His bag hit his shins and he debated dumping it once again. He should have left the bag on the train, but didn’t want to go through the drama of having lost his company laptop and all the data it contained.
Movement ahead caught his attention. “Hey, you!”
He picked up his pace, half-running. The toe of his right loafer caught on a rail and he stumbled, almost falling before he regained his balance, feeling like he’d left his stomach far behind.
Around him, the already dim lights began to flicker, sending his surroundings into momentary pockets of darkness. No, no, no, no, he willed. He couldn’t stand the thought of being down here in pitch black. He’d lose his mind. 
“Please, wait for me,” he called out. “I’m a passenger on the train. I fell asleep...” He hated the way his voice cracked, as though he might cry. In fact, though he would never have admitted it to anyone, he didn’t feel far off doing just that.
Why wasn’t the person stopping?    
Tom had left the back of the train far behind. How far would he need to walk until he reached the closest station, he wondered? The person he’d seen had been heading in this direction, so he assumed that meant the closest station was behind the direction the train had been travelling in and not ahead. Because he’s been asleep, he didn’t even know how many stops he’d passed before the train had been deserted.
The tunnel curved to the right and, when he glanced back over his shoulder, he’d lost sight of the train. Fresh nerves kicked in, spiking adrenaline through his body. He didn’t like this one little bit. Every step put more distance between himself and the relative safety of the train carriage, taking him deeper into the dark.
I should go back to the train, he thought. Wait this out.
But what about Abby? If she needed to get hold of him—if David took a turn for the worse—she’d be worried sick.
Plus, he couldn’t stand the thought of David needing him and not being around to help or offer him comfort. What if David died while he was stuck down here, hiding out in an abandoned train just because the dark made him nervous?
More steps took him farther down the track. The lights flickered again. Damn, how long would they last? 
A sound up ahead caught his attention, a scraping of some kind, like a boot on gravel.
“Hello?” he called out. “Please, if someone is there, I could use your help.”
“Go back!” The harsh whisper penetrated the dark. 
His heart leapt. “What? Who’s there?”
What did they mean? Should he go back to the train?
The lights flickered again, plunging him into pure blackness once again. An iron band wrapped around his chest, stealing his breath, and his heart pounded. He didn’t want to be caught down here in the dark with strange people who wouldn’t talk to him.
“Look, this isn’t funny,” he yelled, trying to command his sternest voice—the one he used with David if he acted up. “Show yourself and tell me where everyone went.”
The lights came back on and, with tentative steps, he continued down the tunnel.
Ahead, a figure, their body silhouetted in the dim light, darted away from him, keeping close to the tunnel wall. It was as though they’d been waiting for Tom to catch up, only to run off again.
“I said wait!” Tom yelled.
Without further warning, the lights went out, plunging him into darkness once again. Tom stood still, holding his breath, praying the lights would come back on again as they’d done previously, but nothing happened. He remained in the dark.
“Fuck!” he swore, pounding his fists against the walls. Pain shot through his clenched hands, but he ignored it.
“Pull yourself together,” he hissed at himself. What did he have with him that would give light? His mobile phone, his laptop? Yes, both of those things would help.
Going for the easiest and quickest, he pulled his phone from his jacket pocket and pressed a button to light the screen. Blue light danced across the tunnel—
Something moved!    
“Argh!” he cried out, stumbling back and fumbling, almost dropping the phone. Anger boiled up inside him. “Stop playing games, goddamn you! I’ve got a sick kid in the hospital who needs me.”
A hand grabbed his wrist and his phone clattered to the ground, the light vanishing. Once again he was in total darkness, only this time he wasn’t alone.
“Let go of me!” He tried to wrench his arm out of the person’s grip but they didn’t budge.
Another hand touched his shoulder and the original attacker let go. Tom dropped his bag. He stretched out both arms, trying to feel his way like a blind man, warding the strangers off.
“Go back,” a voice hissed at him from the darkness. “You need to go back!” 
Tom spun one way and then the next. Different voices came at him from every direction. Male. Female. Young. Old.
“You need to go back...”
“To save your son....”
“Go back...”
“Remember what happened...”
“Who are you?!” Tom yelled. “What the hell do you want?”
“Save your son,” the voices hissed. “Go back and remember.”
“Get away from me,” he yelled into the darkness. “I don’t know what you’re talking about.”
But a small part of him shifted inside, something in his head clicking. He was missing years of his life—those seven years before he was taken in by the State and put into foster care. Was that the place he was supposed to go back to? That missing hole in his past?
He pushed away from the strangers who taunted him and this time they let him go. Frightened and disoriented, his foot caught in a rail once again, only this time he didn’t keep his balance. His ankle gave way beneath him and he fell. His forehead hit a rail with a crack and a bright spark of pain. Inside Tom’s head, his mind seemed to circle in a sickeningly slow lurch, before pulling away.

“Sir? Excuse me, Sir?”
Tom blinked awake. Immediately he twisted his face to one side and lifted his hand to shield his eyes from the bright light blasting in his face.
“I’m sorry, Sir, but the train is being evacuated. You need to wake up now.”
“Huh, what?”
Suddenly it all came back to him and he jumped to his feet, spinning one way and then the next. The man in front of him reared back, the torch still trained on Tom. The man wore the blue uniform of a London Underground worker.
“What the hell is going on?”
“We’ve been having some issues with the trains tonight. I’m afraid you’re going to need to go with the other passengers and walk along the tunnel to Snaresbrook Station.”
Tom turned and looked down the tunnel. A line of people were making their way down the track, their figures silhouetted in the dim light.
“I don’t understand. I was just in the tunnel. I was...”
He trailed off. He had been in the tunnel, hadn’t he? People had been down there with him—people who had taunted and then attacked him. He remembered falling and how he’d hit his head.
Tentatively, he reached up and pressed the spot where he remembered striking his head against the rail. He drew a sharp intake of breath as pain speared through his skull. He hadn’t dreamt that, had he? His head felt woozy—as though he were hung over.
“We really need to get moving now, Sir.”
“Oh, sure.” He gave his head a slight shake and then bent down to retrieve his bag. Only space filled the gap between his ankles.
“Did you see my bag? It’s black and has my laptop in it?” His voice hitched with panic.
“No, I’m sorry.”
By the creased line between the man’s eyebrows and the cautious way he was regarding him, Tom knew the man thought he had a screw loose. “Perhaps one of the other passengers picked it up by mistake. I’m sure it’ll turn up once we get to the station.” The guard glanced anxiously over his shoulder at the retreating line of people. “But we need to move now, or we’re going to be walking down the tunnel on our own.”
“Okay.” Tom ran a hand through his hair. “Okay, let’s go.”
As he walked through the train, his heart caught in his throat, his eyes widening. Written on every window he walked past, over and over again, were the words:
GO BACK.


Like what you’ve read? Please keep reading for the first three chapters of the subsequent novel, ‘Underlife’, which will be available to buy from 28th August 2012.
 
Blurb

Thomas Young has no idea where he comes from. Found living on the streets and put into foster care, he always dreamed of having a family of his own. Now a grown man, he has his much longed for family, but his life is tinged with sadness. His son, David, has leukaemia. 
One night, as he's driving home from the hospital, he hits a homeless man, Mack, with his car. Mack knows Tom from his childhood and tells Tom he was once part of London's underground homeless and his son's leukaemia is not all it seems.  
In a desperate bid to save his son's life, Tom heads down into the miles of abandoned tube lines and stations. But he quickly discovers something far more sinister waits for him than the giant rats, drug addicts and fast trains. There is also something dark and shadowy, and it wants out...


UNDERLIFE


Chapter One


London’s Friday night traffic pulsed around Thomas Young, light and sound penetrating the metal shell of his car.
He’d been sitting in the all-but-stationary traffic for almost an hour, wondering where the hell all these people had come from and what they were doing out at this time at night. Taxis made up the majority of the cars in the line ahead, the silhouetted heads of party-goers bobbing up and down through the rear windscreens. Someone up ahead beeped their horn in frustration and several others joined in, creating a cacophony of noise.
Tom let his head fall forward, his forehead resting on the middle of the steering wheel. He considered pressing down harder and joining the rest of the racket, but he didn’t have the energy. These trips to and from the hospital were literally driving him into the ground. Upon finishing work, he went straight to the children’s ward to relieve his wife, Abby, who’d been watching their son, David, for most of the day. She’d get a few hours reprieve while he spent time with his son, trying not to notice how sick he looked now; how hollow his cheeks had become; and how, with the loss of his hair, eyebrows and eyelashes, he now looked almost alien.
The car behind beeped again and he glanced up to see the traffic had moved forward about ten feet, the person behind impatiently telling him to close the gap. He sighed and put the Audi into first gear, allowing the vehicle to crawl forward until the bonnet almost nudged the bumper of the car in front.
The glare from the headlights of cars in the opposite lane swept past, making Tom squint. Why did traffic always seem to be moving in the opposite direction? He blinked against hot and gritty eyes, the constant dazzling light making him dizzy. 
In front of him, a large, silver four-by-four was crammed full of young men in their mid-twenties. A couple of them craned their necks, looking back at him. One of them grinned and lifted a can of lager in a salute.
Tom forced his mouth to twitch at the edges. He didn’t begrudge these people their lives, but he wished he was still one of them. Not so much time had passed since he’d been a young man just like them. He, too, had once been free of responsibilities and able to enjoy a night on the town with friends, but that seemed like a lifetime ago. Now, he barely recognised himself. All he did was work and spend time at the hospital.
Guilt pierced his heart. Sometimes, he thought David’s illness was his punishment for not being a good enough husband or father. The times he dreamed of being young, free, and single made him feel like the worst father in the world. It was like wishing David did not exist.
Now he was in jeopardy of not only losing his son, but his wife, Abigail. He knew if David died, he would lose Abby as well. Their relationship would never survive—they were already hanging on to the cracks of their marriage as it was. Sometimes he wished Abigail would leave, freeing him of the responsibility, the constant guilt, and heartache. But he knew he didn’t mean it. What would his life be if he didn’t have his family?
Guilt smothered him.    
How could he feel sorry for himself when poor David suffered the pain and the sickness and the fear?
Tom sighed in frustration and leant his head against the steering wheel again. He could easily fall asleep and he willed himself to sit up and pay attention to the road.
Once again, the person behind beeped. The traffic had pulled forward and, almost miraculously, kept moving.
“Thank God,” Tom muttered and shifted the car into first, his foot on the accelerator. At least the traffic—
A man’s body slammed against the windscreen and, an instant later, bounced off the bonnet. Tom jammed his foot on the brake, the seatbelt constricting tight around his chest, jolting him back in his seat. 
I’ve hit someone! Oh, my God, I’ve hit someone!
He sat, stunned, a moment of horrible stillness settling over him. Then, a young woman standing on the side of the street wearing a precariously short skirt, started to scream.
Tom’s hands shook as he pulled open the car door and climbed out. Behind him, the row of vehicles started up their cacophony of horns, but Tom barely heard them. 
I hadn’t been going that fast, he thought in a panic. I had scarcely got off the mark! How could someone be hurt? 
He rounded the bonnet of his car. A pile of blankets lay in a crumpled heap in front of the car.
I’ve run over a laundry basket, he thought, confused. But then, the tangled heap of cloth started to shift and a muffled groan rose from beneath. Tom’s heart soared with relief. At least whoever was beneath the pile wasn’t dead.
Across the street, a young man in his mid-twenties came out of the shop and rushed over to help. The man’s girlfriend—the girl in the short skirt—tottered behind him in her heels, her hand covering her mouth.
“Is he all right?” the man asked.
“I hit him with my car,” Tom said, stating the obvious, his voice noticeably shaky. “He literally came out of nowhere.”
The crumpled pile of clothes groaned again and Tom crouched beside the hidden person.
“Don’t move,” he said, putting out a hand. “Are you hurt? I’ll call you an ambulance.”
Tom looked up at the young man. He already held his mobile in one hand, dialling, Tom assumed, 999.
The stench suddenly hit him—a mixture of rotting bins, stale urine, and alcohol. He realised the strange heap of cloth made up the person’s bedding, and had been thrown over his head when he landed.
Gingerly, Tom started pulling back the assortment of blankets and clothing, trying to figure out where the person started and the cloth finished. The person moved again, a strange shifting, like a moth emerging from a chrysalis. A dirty hand with bitten down nails and rough skin appeared, followed by a man’s head.
Aged anywhere between forty and sixty, a thick, greying beard hid most of the man’s face. A network of capillaries covered his cheeks and a red bulbous nose poked from between the fur. Deep-set, startling blue eyes peered out at Tom.
The man rubbed the top of his head with a large, rough palm. 
“Jesus Christ,” the man said in a deep, gravelly voice, affected by a Scottish twang. “What the bloody hell happened to me?”
So relieved to hear the man speak, Tom wanted to laugh out loud.
“I ran you down,” he said. “I’m so sorry, but you came out of nowhere.”
The man stared up at him and his eyes widened. “You?” he said, his voice taking on a different tone.
“Yes, me.” Tom took the man’s single worded question as confusion. “I ran you over.”
“You are him, aren’t you? The one they’re trying to find.”
Tom’s forehead creased. “I’m not sure what you mean. You might have hit your head. You’re probably concussed.”
The man smiled in delight, revealing a crooked row of yellowed teeth. Strangely, Tom couldn’t help but smile back.
“I can see it in you,” the man said. “The stuff gets in your pores, in your soul.”
“What does?” Tom asked, baffled.
“The Shadows. Once it becomes a part of you, you can’t get it out again.”
The guy had been drinking, Tom decided. He didn’t know what he was talking about. Yet his words caused a hard lump to wedge in Tom’s throat and his heart picked up a fast, trippy beat.
In the distance came the thin wail of a siren. The emergency services were much quicker than Tom had expected considering the busy Friday night. He guessed they must have been on a job close by.
“Everything is okay,” he told the homeless guy. “An ambulance is on the way. You’ve probably got a head injury or something.”
The man looked at him and scoffed with laughter. “Don’t be stupid man. I’m fine. I mean, you were hardly moving.”
Tom’s mouth dropped open. “But, I hit you!”
“Well, that may be, but it takes two to make a collision.” He put out a weathered hand. “Now, help me up.”
“I don’t know if we should move you. Maybe we should wait for the ambulance to get here.”
“Ah, shut up and help an old man to his feet.”
Reluctantly, Tom leant down and grabbed the man’s hand. Strong fingers wrapped around Tom’s and he realised this was not the frail old man he’d originally thought. Tom hoisted the man up and the blankets fell around him and onto the road.
He was tall, well over six foot, and little taller than Tom. Tom had expected him to be a stumbling drunk, slurring and incoherent, but he held Tom’s eye with a steadfast, honest gaze, more so than any other adult had done in a long time.
“It is you, isn’t it?” the man said, his voice more gentle, even thoughtful. “I’d recognise those eyes anywhere.”
“I don’t know what you mean,” Tom said, but his voice was little more than a whisper and, absurdly, tears pricked the backs of his eyes.
Traffic started to pull to one side as the ambulance approached, allowing the vehicle through. The siren switched off—sudden silence in this busy metropolis—but the ambulance’s light still swung around, bathing them in a blue, pulsating light. 
A male and a female paramedic jumped out of the cab and ran up.
“I take it you called an ambulance?” the woman paramedic asked.
The young man who had called them stepped out of the small, gathering crowd, his mobile phone held up in one hand. “I called, but he seems okay now.” 
“We’ll be the judge of that,” she said and the man melted back into the crowd. Tom wanted to thank him for his help, but, as quickly as the young man had entered his life, he disappeared again.
“What happened?” the paramedic asked, focusing her attention on the homeless man, now standing beside Tom.
“I hit him with my car,” Tom said, relieved to have someone else take control.
She stepped close to the homeless man and peered up into his face, a frown creasing her forehead. He smiled back at her.
“How are you feeling?” she asked him in a loud voice, as though she thought he was deaf.
He shrugged. “Bit bumped, but nothing worse than I’ve had in the past.” Then he gave a cheeky grin and his blue eyes lit up. “And how are you?”
She ignored his question. “I think we should get you down to the hospital, you need to be checked over.”
“Don’t be daft, I’m fine. I don’t need to go to hospital.”
Tom stepped in. “Don’t worry, he’s not hurt.” The words left his mouth before he even had a chance to think them through. “I’ll take him back with me and make sure he’s okay.”
He couldn’t believe what he had said. Abby would kill him. It was as if someone else had spoken the words for him. But he couldn’t let this man wander back into the night. Something about him caught Tom’s interest and it was more than just the man seeming to recognise him.
The paramedic narrowed her eyes. “You want to take him home with you?” 
Her gaze travelled over him, as though she was trying to figure out if he was some crazy person who liked to pick up the homeless in the guise of a Good Samaritan, only to take them home and slaughter them in some imaginative and horrific way.
“Sure.” Damn. He had no control over his mouth. “Why not?”
She turned to the homeless guy and put a hand on his shoulder. “Is that all right with you?”
“Of course!” He grinned again, revealing his crooked, yellow teeth. “Why wouldn’t it be?”
Not giving the paramedics time to decide that they should to take him in, Tom guided the man to the passenger side of his car. He could hardly believe his own actions. 
As though the man were a date, he opened the door and helped him in. Walking back round to the driver’s side, Tom ran his hand across the silver bonnet, his fingertips tracing the slight indent where the man’s body had bounced. He shook his head, bemused. The man was more robust than he looked. Tom couldn’t believe he hadn’t been hurt.
Tom climbed in the car and started the engine. He would have to report the accident to the police on Monday, but, for some reason, he couldn’t see it happening. Even the thought of getting up for work on Monday morning seemed distant. Suddenly, his future felt even more uncertain and unpredictable.
The stale smell of the homeless man quickly filled the car and Tom pressed the button to slide down both front windows. He shifted into first and the vehicle crawled forward into the London traffic. His heart pounded, his hands sweaty and slick on the leather of the steering wheel.
“So, are you going to tell me your name?” Tom said as they finally started to merge into the steady flow of traffic.
“Are you going to tell me yours?” the man rebuked, one bushy eyebrow raised.
Tom shot him a look. “There’s no need to be a smart-ass. I’m taking you in for God’s sake.”
“You ran me over,” the man pointed out.
“Yeah...Well...” He had a point. Tom couldn’t argue.
“My name’s Mack,” the man told him. “At least that’s what it is now. Whatever my name was in my previous life isn’t important.”
Tom guessed the man was talking about the life he had before he ended up on the streets.
“I’m Tom Young,” he said. “I’m thirty-seven and I’m married to Abigail. We have a boy called David.” He didn’t understand the compulsion to divulge all of this information to a stranger, but somehow it seemed important Mack know.
“You have a son?”    
The question suddenly seemed too big for Tom, as though the whole balance of his life depended on the answer.
He nodded carefully, his eyes glued to the road ahead. “Yes, he’s seven.” Tom’s eyes flicked to the left and he found Mack staring at him intently. “What?”
“So he’s about the same age as you were back then?”
Tom slammed on the brakes and both men lurched forward in their seats, their seatbelts tightening painfully across their chests, compressing the wind out of their lungs. Horns blasted behind them.
“Jesus Christ, man!” Mack said. “Are you actually trying to kill me?”
Tom glared at him. “Why do you keep saying that? Saying stuff about ‘back then’? Who the hell are you?”
“I’m nobody,” Mack said. “Just a street guy. But I used to know you. You were only a kid—the same age as your son is now—but I remember you. You were with your mum, except she didn’t call you Tom. She called you something else...” Mack trailed off, gazing into the distance as if trying to remember the name.
“You knew my mother?” Tom said in a small voice.
“Sure.” Mack’s mouth twitched in a sad smile. “Boy, she was young. I was only nineteen or so, but your mother wasn’t much older. She must have been a kid herself when she had you.”
Blood rushed to Tom’s face. Never before had he heard someone speak about his mother. His childhood had been far from idyllic. He’d been found living on the streets at the age of seven and put into care. Tom knew nothing about where he’d come from. After a few false starts, a kind foster family took him in and he’d not been moved around like some kids in care. But, his life before that time remained a blank.
“I don’t remember her,” Tom admitted. “I don’t remember anything from when I was a young child.”
Mack looked at him with pity in his eyes. 
Tom jerked back in surprise. How could this man pity him, when he was the one living on the streets?
“We were down there” he said, nodding downwards. “Me, you, your mother. We lived down with the rest of them—the underground homeless. Whole communities live beneath the streets of London—in the old tube tunnels, in abandoned stations, old sewerage lines. Tunnels dug and forgotten about.”
“No,” said Tom, shaking his head. “I would remember. You must have the wrong person.”
“No way, man. I can see it in you. The darkness below ground is different; it gets into your pores. I can always pick out the ones who made it out—not that there are many of us.”
Tom remembered the dreams that haunted his nights; the thick, living black, the cold, and the utter loneliness. He shuddered.
Behind them, cars beeped and, reluctantly, Tom put the car into first and got moving again. He didn’t feel safe driving, but he was in need of a large shot of something strong.
“If you don’t remember anything,” Mack said gently. “How do you know I’m not telling you the truth?”
Tom gave his head a slight shake. “I don’t even understand what you’re telling me.”
Mack glanced down at his hands, his fingers twisting around each other. “I’m telling you about the life beneath the streets,” he said. “The Underlife. The homeless who found, for whatever reason, life was better beneath the surface than on top.”
“Why would people live underground?”
“Down there is shelter from the wind and the rain and the cops don’t keep moving you on.”
“Okay,” Tom said carefully. “But I still don’t understand what this all has to do with me? Perhaps my mother did live beneath London’s streets with me, and hell, maybe we even knew each other. But why are you telling me this now?”
“Something else in the tunnels wants out.” 
Tom stared at him, taking his eyes off the road.
“It’s scary beneath the city,” Mack tried again. “It’s always scary down there. But, if you went down too far, if you went too deep, other things exist—things you don’t want to remember. I sure as hell wish I didn’t.”
Again the flicker of his nightmares passed through Tom’s mind, clutching at his heart. He gripped the steering wheel hard, doing his best to hang on to reality.


Chapter Two


Ten minutes later, they pulled up outside the house.
Mack stared up at the smart, three bedroom semi and nodded approvingly. “You did well for yourself, kid.”
“I’m not a kid anymore,” Tom said, his voice hard.
Mack glanced at him; a quick sideswipe. “No, of course you’re not. I can’t help still seeing you as a child.”
Tom did a quick calculation in his head. If this guy was telling the truth and he knew Tom when he was nineteen and Tom was seven, then twelve years separated them, which would make Mack forty-nine. The estimate seemed about right, but it was hard to judge his age when a thick beard covered most of his face. 
Tom got out of the car and waited for Mack to climb out before engaging the central locking. The car beeped and the headlights flashed twice.
The house stood dark and empty, something Tom had become used to seeing since David’s diagnosis—either he or Abby stayed with David at the hospital when he was having chemotherapy—and he wasn’t used to having company.
Where they had once been inundated with invites to children’s birthday parties and people’s barbeques, now the phone stayed quiet and the mail never brought them anything but bills. Despite their friends’ initial remorse, the calls to check in grew further and further apart and, now, they rarely heard from anyone. Perhaps friends didn’t want to intrude or they simply were getting on with their own lives, but Tom couldn’t help thinking they didn’t want their own children around them, as though cancer was suddenly contagious.
He saw the relief in their friends’ eyes; relief that it wasn’t one of their own. Tom couldn’t blame them. All he’d ever wanted was to have a life without tragedy. He didn’t want fame and fortune; he only wanted to have a healthy child and a happy wife.
Tom opened the front door, stepped into the hallway and flicked on the light. Without bothering to take off his coat, he headed straight to the kitchen and opened the cupboard containing the glasses. He took down a short and filled it from the cheap bottle of whisky sitting half-full on the counter.
He knocked the drink back in one swallow. The liquid burnt a trail down his throat and he stifled a choke.
Mack gave the bottle a longing glance. “Can I have one?”
Tom refilled the glass. He lifted the whisky to his lips and took another large gulp.
“No,” he said, exhaling the fumes. “I need you to make sense.”
Mack raised an eyebrow. “I might be making sense, but, if you carry on like that, you’re not going to understand me.”
“Well, that’s my problem.”
Mack said nothing and Tom felt the older man watching him. Irritation bristled through him.
“Our bathroom is up the stairs, third door on the right. There are clean towels on the rail. I suggest you take a shower. I don’t mean to offend, but you stink.” Tom said the words to hurt, trying to cover his own anxieties.
Mack shrugged. “Yeah, well, I do my best, but you’d stink too if you spent all day rummaging in bins so you could eat.”
Guilt turned its uneasy head.
“Go and take a shower,” Tom said, his voice softening. “I’ll sort us out something to eat.” He judged Mack’s size. Though little taller than Tom, he was probably half his weight. “I’ll put some clean clothes outside the door.”
Mack turned and shuffled from the room. Tom listened to Mack’s footsteps as he climbed the stairs. He rubbed his eyes and glanced at the clock hanging on the kitchen wall. Almost two-thirty in the morning. No wonder exhaustion hung from his body like a cloak.
He walked over to the double fridge-freezer and pulled open the door. With the exception of a couple of beers, an old tub of margarine, and some old vegetables rotting in the bottom drawer, the fridge was empty.
Disgusted, he shut the door and opened the freezer. A couple of pizzas sat on the top and he pulled them out and tore off the wrappers. He twisted the dials on the oven and dumped the two inflexible, cheese-encrusted disks onto the baking trays. 
The sound of the shower starting echoed down the stairs.
Tom mounted the stairs, shaking his head. What the hell would Abby say if she got home and found a homeless man in her shower? His guts twisted with anxiety. No, that wouldn’t happen. Even though tomorrow was Saturday and neither of them had to work, Abby wouldn’t leave David until he arrived at the hospital to take over. Mack would be out of the house by then and Tom doubted he would ever see him again.
In his bedroom, Tom found an old sweater and a pair of cord trousers. He laid them outside the bathroom door. As an afterthought, he added a belt, some old loafers, and a pair of socks.
The shower roared and he pictured the dirt, grime, and soap scum washing down the drain. He would need to clean the bathroom before Abby came home.
Tom wandered back down the stairs. The smell of cooking pizza wafted towards him and his stomach rumbled, his appetite stimulated for the first time since the greasy burger he’d consumed earlier while sitting in the car.
When Mack eventually came down the stairs, Tom was on his third whisky and the pizza was cold. Mack had Tom’s trousers cinched in at waist, the extra material bunched up at his stomach. Tom’s jumper hung around his slim frame like a tent. Tom had half expected him to have had a shave or at least have hacked off some of the excess hair, but Mack remained just as bushy as when he went in. His cheeks were flushed from the heat of the shower and he smelled of Abby’s expensive Molton Brown shower gel. His blue eyes sparkled and he certainly didn’t look as exhausted as Tom felt. The other man must be used to nocturnal living.
“I made you some food,” Tom said, nodding at the congealing cheese and dough sitting on the glass coffee table. “It’s a bit cold now.” 
“Great,” Mack said. “Just how I like it. And thanks for the clothes.” Folding his legs beneath him, he sat down on the floor, crossed-legged, like a child. He picked up a large slice and stuffed the pizza into his mouth.
Tom watched him. “So, are you going to tell me what the hell is going on here?”
Mack glanced up, pizza hanging out of his mouth. He put the slice down and quickly chewed and swallowed.
“There’s only so much I can tell you, cause there’s only so much I know.”
“But jumping in front of my car wasn’t an accident?”
Mack at least had the decency to look guilty before shaking his head. “They made me do it, the ones from below. They must have known I already knew you, but I had no idea. I swear.”
Tom stared at him. “You jumped in front of my car because someone told you to?”
Mack shook his head. “Not someone. They told me to—the ones from the Underlife.”
Tom groaned. The guy was clearly a lunatic.
“Right,” he said. “I can’t do this anymore. I think you should leave.”
Mack jumped to his feet. “No. You need to do what they say. This is about your boy.”
Tom tensed. “Don’t you speak about him!”
“But I have to,” Mack looked at him in the same way the consultant had when he sat him and Abby down and told them their son’s diagnosis. Concern mixed with pity. “That’s the whole point. I’m here because of what’s happening to him.”
Tom got to his feet. “That’s bullshit!”
“I’m right?” Mack tipped his head to one side, as if assessing him. “He’s sick isn’t he?”
“How do you know that? Have you been following me?”
“I haven’t.”    
“So someone has?”
Mack shrugged again. “I guess, but I don’t know who exactly.”
Tom’s hands knotted in his hair. “This is crazy. Why would someone follow me?”
“Something’s gone wrong,” Mack said. “The Shadows—the stuff I saw in you—is in your son now. You escaped, so it’s gone after him.”
“What?” Tom looked at him, bewildered. “You’re not even making sense.”
“You don’t remember what happened,” Mack said with reproach. “You don’t remember what’s down there.”
Tom didn’t remember, but he also didn’t have a clue what Mack was talking about. “So who sent you to find me?”
“The people trying to stop the Shadows. We call them the Watchmen.”
“Watchmen?” Tom said in disbelief. He put one hand on his forehead, shaking his head. What was he thinking, bringing this man into his home, giving him food and clothes. “I think you’re living in a fantasy world.”
“My world’s real enough to be hurting your son.” 
Furious, Tom reached down and grabbed Mack by the top of his arm. “Enough,” he said, hoisting him to his feet. “You’re out of here.”
He started to drag the older man towards the front door, a piece of cold pizza still clutched in one hand.
“Hang on!” Mack said, allowing himself to be dragged. “Do you honestly think I’m making this up?”
“Uh... Yes,” he said, his voice dripping in sarcasm.
Tom reached the front door and found he couldn’t open the locked front door one handed. He let go of Mack.
“You think this is all coincidence?” Mack continued to challenge him. “I knew you as a child, but you have no memory of that age. I tell you something is wrong with your son and he happens to be sick?” Suddenly, he stopped. “T.J! That’s what your mother used to call you.”
Tom’s hand froze on the door handle. “Where did you hear that?”
Tom’s middle name was James. His first foster family had been told to call him T.J. He distinctly remembered the pain hearing the name caused and making them call him Tom instead.
The ground slid out from beneath his feet, the room turning in a sickening spin. He forced himself to take deep breaths and found himself grabbing Mack’s arm again, trying to keep his grip on reality.
“Come on, man,” Mack said, gently. “I’m not making this shit up. You must realise I’m not lying to you.”
Tom didn’t know what to think. Was Mack telling him the truth and something Tom experienced as a child was now making David sick? Tom would give up his life for his son. If there was the slightest possible chance he could help David, didn’t he have to take it? If he didn’t, and David didn’t survive, he would never forgive himself.
Mack led him back to the living room and Tom sat down heavily on his old leather sofa. He put his head in his hands, his mind a blur. 
“I don’t know what you want from me,” he said, his voice little more than a whisper. “What do you expect me to be able to do?”
Mack crouched in front of him, their eyes level. 
“You need to go back,” he told him. “When your son got sick, something changed. The Shadows shouldn’t be able to touch someone who’s never been part of the Underlife. The Watchmen are worried. Somehow the Shadows have broken out, and it has to do with your son.”
Tom’s hands shook. He lifted his head to meet Mack’s eye. “I still don’t know what you’re talking about and I’m not sure I even care. My only question is this: If I go with you, could David get better?”
Mack shrugged. “Hell, I’m just the messenger. But your son being sick has got people worried.”
A line appeared between Tom’s eyebrows. “He’s got cancer—leukaemia. The doctors all say so.”
“Doctors can’t diagnose everything. There is more to the world than science. You and I, we see it in different ways, but we can see it. The Shadows sit beneath David’s skin like black blood in his veins. I get glimpses of Shadows in you too, but in you they’re faint. In him, the Watchmen say they’re like tar.”
Tom shuddered at Mack’s description. It was exactly how he’d always thought of the cancer—as a darkness stealing through his son’s body. Now, perhaps he understood why.
“I can’t go now,” he said, hardly believing what he was doing. “I need to tell Abby and David where I’m going and say goodbye.”
Mack looked at him, his blue eyes serious. “We should go sooner rather than later.” 
“I can’t,” Tom repeated, desperate. “I can’t go and wake them up in the middle of the night.” He wasn’t going to be any use to anyone in this state. The whisky dulled his senses and he needed to sleep off the alcohol.
He glanced at the clock on the mantelpiece. “Morning will be here soon. Surely, getting a few hours sleep won’t hurt.”
Mack thought for a moment and nodded. “Okay. Get some rest, but then we need to move.”
Tom pulled a faux-fur throw from the back of the couch and handed the blanket to Mack.
“You can sleep down here,” he said, nodding to the sofa. “I’ll see you in a couple of hours.”
His mind whirring, Tom made his way up the stairs and climbed into bed. Part of him expected to get up in a few hours to find Mack gone and his wallet missing, but he didn’t care. If Mack was telling the truth, he would still be here when he woke up.
 
Tom woke to find Mack still sound asleep on the sofa, his mouth open and snoring.
So, Mack had believed what he’d said. The question was, did Tom? Yes, he thought. Something in his gut told him not to ignore what the older man had told him. The man had known too much for literally running into him to be a coincidence.
He lingered for a moment, debating what to do next.
Heading back to the hallway, Tom opened the cupboard under the stairs and pulled out his old gym bag. Going to the gym hadn’t been at the top of his priorities recently. He shook the bag out, emptying a half-used shampoo bottle and an old pair of trainers on the floor.
Tom took the bag to the kitchen and pulled open the drawers and cupboards, rifling through them until he found the couple of decent-sized Maglites another drug rep had given him a few months earlier. Tom took the torches out of their boxes and dropped them in his bag. Picking up the half a loaf of bread that sat on the kitchen counter, he emptied the slices out onto a chopping board. He opened the fridge and stared into its depths again, hoping for something to have materialised over night. To his delight, he discovered a block of cheese stuffed in where the eggs normally lived. He’d been so exhausted last night he hadn’t noticed.
He set about making up some cheese sandwiches, wrapping them in foil and adding them to the bag with the torches. Tom looked around the kitchen for inspiration and a thermos flask caught his eye, so he filled the flask with water and put it in the bag as well.
That would do. Time was ticking by and, if all this was real and he wasn’t still in the middle of a dream, they needed to make a move.
Back in the lounge, Mack still snored. 
Tom shook his shoulder. “Wakey-wakey.”
Mack’s eyes flickered open and he stretched.
“Time to go,” Tom said.
Mack swung his legs from the couch and sat up. He rubbed a hand across his thick beard before getting to his feet and following Tom.
As Tom pulled the front door shut behind him, a photograph sitting on the hall console table caught his eye. The photo was of Tom, Abby and David on holiday, laughing, tanned, and happy. On impulse, Tom picked up the picture—frame and all—and dropped it in his bag.
Within minutes, they were back on the road, heading towards the hospital. Tom retraced their route from the night before. Though he’d only had a few hours sleep, he felt more refreshed and alive than he had since David had been diagnosed. An urgency drove him, a purpose. For the first time since that terrible day, he didn’t feel utterly helpless.
At six-thirty in the morning, the London traffic was already building. Tom drove recklessly, pulling out in front of people, overtaking when he shouldn’t. He was normally a careful driver, but now he felt somehow bigger than everything else, more important.
They pulled into the hospital car park and Tom jumped out. Mack opened the passenger door, but Tom shook his head.
“I don’t think so,” he said. “I need to do this on my own.”
As he walked towards the hospital, his heart thumped. What the hell would he tell Abby? ‘Hi honey, in the hope of saving David’s life, I’m going underground with a homeless guy I’ve run over.’ The idea sounded crazy, yet, it was the truth.
Despite Mack’s attempts to jog his memory, he still couldn’t remember his life before the age of seven. When he tried to think back to his childhood, a barrier stood in front of his memory—a black wall expanding endlessly in every direction. The block frustrated him and made his head hurt, but it also made him realise he had never given much thought to his childhood before. 
Why was that? Surely, as a child in care, spending hours daydreaming about his real family and where he came from would only have been natural? Yet Tom hadn’t ever thought about his past. He had always known he was in care and that he once had a real mother and father, but he never allowed himself to think about it.
Ben, an old security guard Tom often stood and talked to, was off shift and had been replaced by a much younger man. Half-asleep, the new guard’s head rested in the palm of his hand, his elbow balanced on the small counter in front of him. He jumped awake when Tom picked up the security card and quickly filled in his details. The younger man didn’t meet his eye, obviously embarrassed about being caught asleep on the job, so Tom pinned the badge to his shirt and was buzzed through. 
Tom walked through the doors wondering if this level of security was enough for a place where children stayed—the young man hadn’t even asked his name, never mind who he was visiting. Then he chastised himself. Glass doors and a security guard would never be enough to protect these children from the real threats—the cancers, the holes in the heart, the life-threatening viruses and bacteria.
He walked towards David’s room, his shoes too loud on the linoleum floor. The colourful pictures that had sent him into depression last night now seemed cheerier and, for the first time, he allowed himself to glimpse what the children who had painted them may have felt—hope. He passed the nurses’ station and smiled a quick hello at the plump, middle-aged nurse behind the desk.
The door to David’s room was still closed. The hospital woke early; doctors had rounds to do, nurses had people to feed and drugs to administer, but this morning all was quiet. His hands shook as he cracked open the door and stuck his head around the corner.
Light streamed through the gaps in the blind. Abby lay curled up on her side on the cot, one hand beneath her head, the blanket half on her body and half on the floor.
As Tom entered the room, David sensed his presence and stirred and woke. He rubbed at sleepy eyes, blinked at his father for a moment, and smiled.
Tom raised a finger to his lips and jutted his chin out towards Abby.
“Hi, Dad,” David whispered. “Mum’s still sleeping, huh?”
Tom smiled and nodded. He crossed the small room and sat on the edge of the bed, taking hold of the boy’s hand. David’s fingers felt thin and fragile in his large palm. Tom was careful not to knock the clear plastic drip threading beneath the skin on the back of his hand, like a bionic varicose vein.
“Hey kiddo,” he said gently. “How did you sleep?”
David shrugged. “Okay, I guess. I try to roll over and this thing gets in the way.” He lifted his plugged hand.
Something in Tom’s chest tightened briefly and suddenly, like an internal crash of thunder.
“I need to tell you something,” he said. “I need to go away for a while. I’m not sure how long for and I might not be able come and see you, but I will do my best to call whenever I can.”
Large pale blue eyes stared up at him, innocent and utterly trusting. “Are you going away for your job?”
Tom bit his lower lip and shook his head. “Not this time, kiddo. Remember when I told you I never knew my parents?” He waited for David to nod. “Well, someone who knew my mum came to find me. Something important has happened in the place I grew up and I have to go back for a while.”
“How long will you be gone?”    
Tom shook his head again. “I’m not sure. It could be a few days, maybe a week.”
David’s big eyes locked with Tom’s, his lips pressed firmly together. For a moment, Tom thought David was going to cry, but then he squeezed Tom’s hand and said, “I understand, Dad. I’ll be okay.”
Tom’s eyes filled with tears and a painful lump constricted his throat, but he forced a smile and returned the squeeze. “Good boy.”
Leaving David broke his heart. He couldn’t shake the horrible voice in the back of his mind that said, ‘What if something happens while you’re away? What if this is the last time you ever get to see him?’ Tom did his best to push the voice away and focus on the positive instead. He had a chance, an opportunity to try to save David’s life, and he would do everything in his power to make sure that was exactly what happened.
He leant over the bed and kissed the top of his son’s head, the few baby-fine strands of hair tickling his nose. He stopped himself from crushing the boy against him, hugging him so hard it would hurt.
“I love you, kiddo,” he said against David’s almost naked scalp. “I’ll be back as soon as I can.”
“I know, Dad.”    
Tom stood and wiped his eyes with the back of his hand. Abby stirred and opened her eyes, surprised to see him.
“Wow, you’re early,” she said, sitting up and stretching out a kink in her shoulder from where she’d been lying. “I wasn’t expecting you for another hour or so.”
“Something’s happened.”
Panic blanched her face and she climbed off the cot, her eyes focused on David.
“Oh, no.” He put out a hand to calm her. “Nothing’s happened to David. It’s me. Something happened to me.”
Her fear refocused. “What? Are you okay?”
“Yes, I’m fine. I just need to go away for a couple of days,” he paused. “Possibly more.”
She frowned. “Where are you going?”
Tom stared at the floor, unsure of how to word his plan, despite running this conversation over and over in his head a hundred times before he reached the hospital. Somehow things seemed worse—so much more unreal—now that he actually had to say them aloud.
“Someone has contacted me. Someone from my past.”
Her eyes widened in alarm. “What? Like an old girlfriend or something? Are you in trouble?”
“No,” he said hurriedly. “Nothing like that. It’s someone from my childhood.”
“A member of your family?” She looked bewildered and he knew her confusion made her angry. He didn’t want to fight with her in front of David.
“Let’s go outside,” he suggested. “We should talk in the corridor.”
Abby glanced over at David, then nodded.
“We’ll be back in a minute, kiddo,” said Tom. “Your mum and I need to have a chat.”
David gave a small smile and picked up his toy. He clutched the robot to his chest, as he would a soft teddy. “Don’t fight, okay?” 
“We’re not fighting, sweetie,” Abby said. “Daddy and I just need to talk about something.”
David looked from one parent to the other like he didn’t believe them. Tom didn’t blame him. The underlying tension in the room simmered. Abby was never going to buy what he had to say.
They stepped out of the room, into the corridor, and Abby pulled the door shut behind them.
She put her hands on her hips. “So, are you going to keep making me play guessing games or are you going to tell me what the hell is going on?”
Tom decided to leave out the whole ‘a homeless guy threw himself in front of my car and now wants to take me underground to meet some Watchmen’ incident and tried to stick to the facts.
“A man who was a friend of my mother—my real mother—got in touch and he needs me to go back to where I grew up.”
“Why?”    
“For David. He heard about David’s illness and he thinks there might be a way to help him.”
A flicker of hope danced across Abby’s face. “What is he? A doctor or something?”
Tom thought back to Mack’s smelly clothes and his bushy mass of hair. “Yeah, something like that,” he said, hating the lie.
“What hospital does he come from?” she asked. “Why doesn’t he come and visit David himself if he thinks he can help?”
“Things aren’t so simple. He needs me to go to him and I have to go now.”
“When will you be back?”
“I’m not sure.”
“Where exactly are you going?”
He shook his head miserably. “I don’t know.” 
“You don’t know where you’re going?” she said in disbelief. “You can’t just tell me that and expect me to accept it. What if something happens to David? I need to know where you are!”
“I’ll have my mobile with me.” But then he remembered where he was going and how even going into the tube stations rendered the phone useless. “But there’s a chance it won’t work.”
“Bullshit!” she said. “You’re running away. Some old friend has got in touch and you’re using it as an excuse to get away from all of this.”
He shook his head in desperation. “No, you don’t understand. I’m not running anywhere. I need to do this for David.”
Abby moved so fast, Tom didn’t even see it coming. Quick as light, as she stepped forward and her small palm struck him across the cheek, the sound of the slap cracking in his head.
His mouth dropped open in shock and he clutched his cheek where her hand had made contact, heat rising beneath his skin.
“Don’t you dare use him as an excuse,” she spat, shaking with anger.
“I’m not,” he said, his voice barely a whisper. He realised how close to tears he was. “I’m doing this for him.”
She stepped away, her hands dug deep in her blonde hair, her chin raised, incredulous. “You think abandoning him now is for him? He needs you here.”
“No, he understands. I explained it to him. He understands.”
Her blue eyes, so similar to their son’s, blazed. “He is a seven-year-old boy with cancer! How the hell do you think he possibly understands anything?”
Tears wobbled in her eyes and her whole body shook, but she continued to stare at him in disbelief.
His stomach clenched with anxiety. The last thing he ever wanted was to cause his family more pain. Tom stepped forward, closing the gap between them. He reached out and grasped Abigail’s wrists and pulled her towards him.
“I love you, Abby,” he said, staring into her eyes, as though eye-contact alone would make her believe him. “I love both of you and I would never do anything to hurt you. You have to trust me on this.”
She tried to twist out of his grasp, but he held firm. Instead, she stared at the floor, unable and unwilling to meet his eye.
“Fine,” she said eventually. “Do whatever you want.” She pulled her hands away and Tom was forced to let go; he couldn’t hold onto her forever. “Just try to check in with us every now and then … if it’s not too much trouble,” she added, her voice sharpened with sarcasm. 
Tom stood, deflated. The purpose he’d experienced earlier had been replaced by confusion and uncertainty. Did he really want to do this? Were Abby’s words the truth and he was using this nonsense as a convenient excuse to run away from all the pressure and responsibility?
A flash of the nightmares that had haunted his dreams his whole life entered his mind and he remembered the name Mack had called him, the name his mother had used. He remembered there was a chance, however small, of making David better.
“Can I at least say goodbye to Davey?” 
Abby had half-turned away, unable to look at him, and pretended to be interested in a notice board hung on the wall. “Of course, he is still your son.”
Her words cut him as though she were implying she was no longer his wife.
Tom sighed and turned back to David’s room, his cheek still stinging. He hoped David wouldn’t notice and that he hadn’t heard too much of the fight. He didn’t want to leave him thinking his parents hated each other. 
David sat up in bed, pale and worried. Tom smiled at him and David smiled back; an action so simple, yet powerful enough to break Tom’s heart.
“I have to go now, kiddo.” 
“Okay, Dad. I do understand even if Mum thinks I don’t.” 
Tom’s heart sank, knowing he’d overheard some of their fight, but David reached out and took his hand, his seven-year-old eyes shining with the wisdom of the innocent. 
“Everybody needs to know where they come from,” he said.
“Yes,” said Tom. “Yes. They do. Your mum and I just disagree on that.”
“Mum’s only angry because she’s scared.” 
“Are you scared, kiddo?”
David shrugged. “Sometimes, but I know you’ll be okay.” He nudged Tom with a bony elbow. “You’re tough.”
Tom grinned. “Yeah. Tough as old boots.”
“Tough as rhino-skin.”
“Tough as your mum’s roast beef!”
David laughed, a beautiful, angelic sound, and hid his mouth behind the palm of his hand. Tom glanced at his alien-looking son. He was as beautiful as the day he’d been born.
Tom leant over and kissed him, his hand crushing the boy’s cheek against his own, his nose buried in the warmth and achingly familiar scent of him.
“Dad!” David protested.
“Be good for your mum,” Tom said, reluctantly releasing his son from his grip. “I’ll be back as soon as I can.”
“I know and I will.”
“Good boy.” Tom gave him one last hug, not wanting to leave, and then tore himself away.
Abby sat on a plastic chair in the corridor, her head in her hands. She didn’t look up as he walked out of the room and he paused awkwardly for a moment, unsure whether to kiss her goodbye or not.
“Abby—” he started, but she held up a hand to stop him and still did not look up.

 
Chapter Three


Mack stood outside of the car. He leant against the bonnet, smoking a roll-up he had filched together from cigarette butts he’d found on the floor.
“Do you have to do that?” Tom asked, wrinkling his nose in disgust.
“Still a free country isn’t it?” He puffed smoke out of his mouth in a perfect O. “How did you get on?”
Tom scowled. “How do you think? Abby was thrilled. Let’s just get on with this, so I can get back to my family.”
Mack took one last long drag and flicked the butt on the tarmac where it bounced, sending red sparks against the black road.
“So, what happens now?” Tom asked, pulling open the driver’s door.
“We need to go back down. Not far from here is an entrance to the tunnels.”
“We’re going into the tunnels?” Tom asked, nerves jumping in his stomach. He’d had a strange experience on the London Underground only a few weeks earlier and he didn’t fancy going back down there. “Do you mean the underground tunnels, the ones with trains in them? Sounds dangerous.”
Mack shook his head. “These are old ones. Trains stopped running in them years ago.” He paused. “Doesn’t mean they’re any less dangerous though.”
“Why doesn’t that surprise me?”
They climbed back in the car and the smell of stale smoke filled the vehicle. Tom opened the window to let in some fresh air.
“Which way am I heading?” he asked, holding his face towards the open window.
“We need to go to Bow. It’s not far from here.”
Tom nodded. “I know Bow.”
“We’ll need to dump the car and do the rest on foot.”
Great, Tom thought, leave the Audi on the streets of Bow. God knows how much of the car would be left by the time they get back.
Bow didn’t exactly have the best reputation.
Tom wondered why he even cared. The car didn’t belong to him. The company car was one of the forms of golden handcuffs offered by his job.
Before long, they were driving up Mile End road, its streets packed with Asian market stalls selling fruits and vegetable, cheap plastic alarm clocks, scarves, and knock-off Gucci t-shirts. Metal poles had been joined together and covered with plastic or canvas to make the stands. Cardboard boxes spilled out on the street. 
Dark-faced men, with darker eyes and colourful clothing, sold from the stalls. Women pulled their young children along, protesting and dragging their feet, while they bought the evening’s dinner. If it weren’t for the integration of students—also dragging their feet—and the numerous student bars, they could have been in Mumbai. 
They passed Queen Mary’s University on their left and, minutes later, Bow tube station on the other side of the road. 
“Take the next right,” Mack instructed.
They drove beneath a bridge, its walls marred with brightly coloured graffiti. A run-down housing estate stood to their right. Row after row of terraced houses made up the estate, with little or no garden to brighten the layout. Beaten-up toys lay in heaps at the front doors, forgotten. A gang of youths hung outside a corner shop, its windows protected with black metal bars. Their heads were huddled together, but they looked up as the Audi passed, watching the car with narrow-eyed suspicion. 
The houses disappeared, replaced by the ominous grey curves of headstones. Railings divided the graveyard from the road and a sad-looking church, forlorn and forgotten, stood back from the road. The church looked as though no one had attended a service inside its walls in years. The building seemed to be caving from the inside out, its blank windows watching over its wards with eternal resignation. 
Within moments, the graveyard morphed into a park. The park was almost as depressing as the graveyard itself, and just as forgotten. The once brightly coloured swings and monkey bars were chipped and faded, and the horrible grey of London hung over the place. 
It had been a long time since a child’s laughter had brightened this place.
Tom was thankful he had the expensive metal shell of the car to protect him from the outside world. Seeing these places made him consider his own fortune. He’d been lucky to be able to provide a good life for his son and, despite everything else happening to him, David had not grown up in such poverty. Living in a good area, in a decent house with all the material trappings—the widescreen television, the computers, the stereo-system—it became easy to want everything to be bigger and better and forget what it was like to really struggle to make ends meet. 
“Pull up over here,” Mack said, jolting Tom from his thoughts. His heart sank as he realised he would be parking the car on the other side of the park, in a badly lit area with no houses overlooking it. 
Tom pulled the car up along the side of the curb. To one side, the expanse of the park stretched out. A single storey, redbrick building squatted on the other side of the street. The building’s windows were boarded up and graffiti had been sprayed across the ply-board. 
Tom reached into the back seat and picked up his bag. By the time he turned back around, Mack had already climbed out of the car and now waited for him on the footpath. Tom took a deep breath and, resigned, opened his door and got out.
Mack led him across the sparse grass to the far side of the park where six-foot black railings, the paint flaking off, marked the edge. On the other side of the railings, a steep embankment dropped into a gully. The mulch of old leaves lined the bottom. An old supermarket trolley lay on its side, rusting, and a carrier bag of old nappies sat beside it. The bag had split open, the nappies fat and bloated, spilling their innards like guts. Rusted cans, their contents long since used, littered the ground. 
Thirty yards down from where they stood, the gaping maw of the tunnel opened as a black hole.
Tom raised his eyebrows at the railings. “Are we supposed to get over those?”
Mack got to his hands and knees and started pulling away at the leaves piled up around the base. Tom stood beside him, arms folded, and quickly Mack revealed a hole dug beneath the railings
“Ta-da!” Mack declared.     
The gap was barely big enough to fit a small child through, never mind a fully-grown man. The extra weight he’d packed on over the last few months wasn’t going to help; the result of all that takeaway food he’d grabbed instead of going through the lonely process of cooking for one while Abby stayed at David’s side in the hospital.
“If I try to squeeze under there, you’re going to end up making a call to the fire department to have me cut out.”
Mack rolled his eyes. “Don’t be such a drama queen.”
Still on his hands and knees, Mack twisted around so he faced away from the railings. The older man shuffled backwards and his feet went through the gap, his legs following. He paused for a moment while he squeezed his butt beneath the railings, but then lifted his hands above his head, pressing his shoulder blades together, and slid the rest of the way through, dropping the eight feet or so to the gully floor.
“See,” Mack called up to him with a grin. “Easy!”
“Fine,” Tom said, reluctantly getting to his hands and knees. He’d never get through the hole—he was much fatter than Mack. He almost wanted to get stuck; at least being wedged in a hole would give him an excuse to forget the whole thing and go back to the hospital. 
“If I get stuck, don’t you dare desert me!”
“Scout’s honour,” Mack said, raising two fingers to his forehead.
“If you were a scout, I was a girl guide,” Tom muttered. 
He started to edge backwards. His feet and calves slid through easily, but, as soon as the railings reached his thighs, the squeeze grew tighter. Still, he kept going. The bottom of the railings poked painfully into the flesh of his backside. Thank God for his jeans—anything thinner surely would have ripped by now, leaving him exposed and humiliated. 
Tom’s shoulders hit the railings. They were the widest part of his body and he reached above his head, trying to narrow his frame, his fingertips still holding onto his bag, not wanted to leave his things behind. He realised he should have thrown the bag down after Mack. He almost shook his head at his own idiocy, but decided this wasn’t the best moment for self-reprisals. 
Tom now dangled down the embankment, wedged in around his shoulders. He was no longer holding onto anything and it hurt like hell.
“Can’t you help?” he called down to Mack, not liking the high-pitched tone of his voice.
Hands wrapped around his ankles and an irrational fear that the hands didn’t belong to Mack gripped him. For a moment, some other creature—the monster from his childhood nightmares, the thing that lived under his bed—had grabbed him. 
The hands pulled and then the only thing Tom knew was the pain shooting through his back and shoulders. Surely he was going to be flayed from the shoulders up. Then a clod of earth gave beneath him and he half-fell, half-slid down the rest of the way.
Mack stepped out of the way and Tom landed heavily, jarring his ankle. His bag followed, thumping him painfully on the arm. 
“Thanks for catching me,” he grumbled, getting to his feet. He hopped a little on his sore ankle, testing out his injury before trusting to put any weight on the leg. It was a little tender, but he hadn’t broken anything. 
“Anytime,” Mack said, laughter behind his voice.
Fronds of ivy hung down over the entrance to the tunnel and thick blackberry bushes grew up from the ground, the thorns a natural warning to trespassers to keep out. The remains of a fire—stones arranged in a circle, the ground grey with ash—sat in front of the entrance. Old plastic cider bottles with the labels long gone, littered nearby.
Tom nodded at the mess. “Remnants of your lot?” 
Mack shrugged. “Possibly, but more likely just kids looking for a place to get wasted. Most of the Underlife wouldn’t want to be this close to the surface and some of the gangs who live between, well, let’s just say there would be the remains of much harder stuff.”
Tom shivered and he wondered why the hell he was going into this world. 
David, he reminded himself. You’re doing this for David.
Mack started to walk towards the entrance, picking his way through the litter. Tom sighed and followed in Mack’s footsteps, his stomach churning.
Sunlight penetrated the first few feet of the tunnel, but then the darkness took over—a thick, solid black, swallowing everything it touched. Tom didn’t want to become part of that darkness, even the thought made him sick with nerves. Sweat slicked his palms and his stomach clenched in anxiety. His fears weren’t irrational; he wasn’t just a grown man still scared of the dark. He knew now this innate fear stemmed from something deeper, from something he’d experienced as a child. In a strange way, things seemed to make sense now—the strange dreams he’d experienced most of his life and his child-like fear of the dark must have all stemmed from his childhood.
Mack must have seen the fear in his face. 
“Being below the surface gets easier,” the man reassured him. “I know you won’t believe me, but you’ll get used to the dark. Your eyes adjust and your other senses take over. After a while, you start to forget what daylight is like.”
“I’m not planning on staying down here long enough for that to happen,” Tom said. “I need to get back to my family.”
Something in Mack’s gaze flickered. Without bothering to reply, Mack turned and continued into the tunnel.
Tom chased after him, then stopped and fished around in his bag. 
“Hang on,” he called, causing Mack to stop. His hand closed around cylinders of weighted metal and he pulled out the two large Maglites and offered one to Mack. 
Mack looked at the torch, but made no attempt to take it. “I don’t need a torch and I don’t think you should use one either. Your eyes won’t adjust properly.”
“I won’t need my eyes to adjust if I’ve got a torch.”
“The torch is limiting—you’ll only be able to see what’s in the beam.”
“That’s an improvement on not being able to see anything.”
Mack shrugged. “Suit yourself,” he said and started off towards the tunnel again, stepping over old, tattered clothing, empty cigarette packets, crushed beer cans.
Tom took a deep breath and said a silent goodbye to the warmth and the sunshine, unsure when they would meet again. Carefully, he picked his way towards the tunnel and stepped into the black hole. Stone walls curved overhead, enclosing him. Daylight lit the first few feet, but darkness soon took over, leaving the light behind. 
The hard metal bars of old train tracks, leftovers of the tunnel’s days as a running train line, pressed against the soles of his shoes. Tom prayed Mack was right about this being a disused tunnel. He imagined the panic if the lights of an oncoming train appeared in front of them. 
The thick beam of his torch cut a swath of light ahead, lighting Mack’s back as he walked away. He still wore Tom’s blue sweater and the material hung from his skinny frame like a child wearing his father’s clothes. Red brick made up the tunnel walls, but a thick, black dust coated them—another reminder of the trains that once ran through the tunnels. A network of cobwebs strung across the ceiling like Halloween party streamers. Spiders—their bodies fat and bloated—darted away from the light as though the beams would cause them harm.
Is this what the people who lived underground would be like? Tom wondered. Creatures that thrived in the dark and shied from the light? He thought he knew the name of them from one of the documentaries he used to watch—photophobic. Would they be like the creatures in the documentary? Would they be freaks?
Tom chewed his lip nervously. Did he once live down here? Did his own mother bring him down here to live in the dark? What was so bad on the surface to make her want to hide from the light like a vampire?
Mack, used to the tunnels, moved much faster than Tom, increasing the distance between them. Tom wanted to catch up, but he was unsure of his footing, the different levels of the train tracks and the debris caught beneath.
“Hey, slow down,” he called, his voice echoing back to him in the confined space, sounding as though he were underwater. But Mack didn’t slow down.
Panic gripped his chest, constricting his lungs, and he realised he could be left down here, left alone in the dark. His breathing became shallow and he struggled to inhale. 
He was cold and alone, his thin arms wrapped around even thinner legs. Water trickled somewhere close by and, in the distance, something shrieked...
Tom shook the memory from his head.
Behind him, the entrance was now only a pinprick of light and Tom had to stop himself from launching back and running as fast as he could to his life above ground. He forced himself to take deep, slow breaths. 
It’s only a tunnel, he reasoned with himself. The only thing to be afraid of down here was other people. The tunnels themselves couldn’t hurt.
There are things down here you don’t want to remember...
Mack’s words echoed in his head, but he pushed them away and willed his legs to move. As he continued to follow Mack down the tunnel, the torch shook in his hand and the beam of light trembled in response. 
Moments later, he realised Mack had stopped.
“What’s wrong?” Tom asked, his voice horribly loud in the silence. 
Crossroads split the tunnel ahead. Another tunnel crossing through the one they stood in.
“This way,” Mack said, heading to the tunnel on their left.
“I hope you remember how to get back again,” said Tom.
Mack carried on walking and didn’t respond.
The tunnel had a distinct slope, a definite sense of heading deeper underground. The train tracks still ran underfoot, but now they were missing in places and bits were dislodged and lying across each other, catching Tom out and making him stumble. 
This part of the tunnel felt older. The place had an atmosphere, like stepping into a three hundred-year-old house and being able to sense the presence of its past inhabitants, as though their very being was somehow secreted into the walls.
Suddenly, Mack stopped again. He reached out his hand and swiped Tom’s torch, knocking its beam to the ground. 
“Switch it off,” Mack hissed.
“What is it?”
“Switch off the damn torch.”
With fumbling fingers and a thumping heart, Tom did as he was told, plunging them into darkness. His breathing sounded too loud and he consciously tried to make it shallower, inhaling and exhaling though his nose. Tom had no idea what was happening, but Mack’s hand gripped his forearm tightly, the arm holding the now dark torch.
“That you, Shamus?”
The strange voice penetrated the darkness and Tom’s breath froze. A man was ahead of them, he could tell that much, but because of the strange echo in the tunnels he couldn’t tell how far. He waited for Mack to call something back, but, when he stayed silent, Tom guessed the two men weren’t friends.
Something flew past his ear, cutting through the air.
Tom ducked out of reflex and glass smashed against the wall behind him. He grabbed Mack’s arm in panic and just managed to stop the scream threatening to burst from his throat.
“I know someone’s there!” the man called out, anger sharpening his voice. “Don’t bullshit me!”
Tom stood straight and flicked the torch back on. 
“Yes, yes,” he called out, holding his free arm up in surrender. “We’re here. Please don’t throw anything else, okay? We’re not here to fight.”
The man stood farther away then Tom had expected. Just behind him, the tunnel curved away and Tom guessed this was the reason the man hadn’t seen the torch sooner. 
The stranger shielded his face with his forearm, his eyes squinting.
“Get that fucking thing out of my eyes!”
“Oh, sorry.” Tom pointed the torch at the ground just in front of the stranger.
The man looked young, in his early twenties, with an almost bald head, except for a couple of millimetres of re-growth. The light cast by the torch only served to deepen the shadows on the man’s face. Vast bags hung under his eyes, his cheeks were hollowed, and his jaw jutted sharply. Tattoos covered his hands and arms like bruises.
Tom realised this was exactly the sort of man he wouldn’t want to meet in a dark alley.
The man narrowed his eyes at Mack. “I know you, don’t I?”
“Not any more, you don’t,” Mack said, walking towards him.
Tom hesitated for a moment and then followed. He hoped they’d avoid a fight. The last time he was in a fight, he’d been eleven and he hadn’t come off so well.
Mack brushed past the skinhead and rounded the corner. Tom had to stop himself from apologising as he walked past. He felt the man’s eyes boring into the back of his head. They rounded the bend and Tom noticed a ledge, a large nook built into the tunnel wall, about four feet above the ground. The alcove measured about six-feet long and three-feet high, a cranny where the workmen on the track would have wedged themselves if a passing train came along. An old, dark blue sleeping bag, a kerosene lamp, a stack of dirty magazines, and a couple of old cider bottles all sat on the ledge. 
This is where the man lives, Tom realised.
The man saw Tom staring and shoved past him, moving to stand in front of his “home.” He folded his arms across his chest and glared at him.
“Problem?” he spat.
Tom quickly glanced away.    
The man sneered, revealing broken and blackened teeth. “I’ll assume you’re not a local?” he said with a raw chuckle, looking Tom up and down. “Fresh blood.” He stepped back out to the middle of the tunnel, blocking the way. “So, what am I going to get as a passing fee?” 
“A what?” Tom said in surprise
“Call it a toll for using my track.”
Mack took over. “Fuck off man,” he said, his voice hard. “Stop being a prick and get out of the way.”
Tom’s wallet weighted his back pocket. The wallet contained about forty pounds and a handful of change. He didn’t care about the money—this guy probably needed it more than he did, even if he only bought drink and drugs. If paying him meant they got past without a fight, it would be the best forty quid he’d ever spent.
“It’s okay,” he said, reaching into his back pocket. “I’ve got—”
Mack rounded on him, his normally creased, friendly eyes suddenly fierce and dangerous. 
“Shut the fuck up!”
Tom shut up.
Mack walked up to the younger man until he was only about a foot away and stared him directly in the eye. “I’m taking this man beneath to the Watchmen. You’ll have them to answer to if you interfere.”
The younger man stared back, but a muscle just below his eye started to twitch and he clenched and unclenched his fists. The moment seemed to stretch on forever and Tom was waiting for the man to pull a knife. He’d never thought of himself as a coward, but in his mind he was retracing his steps to the entrance and trying to figure out how quickly he could get back in the dark with a skinhead lunatic on his tail.
The young man finally took a step to the side and Tom breathed a sigh of relief.
“Go ahead,” the guy said with a scowl. “There’s a hell of a lot worse than me in these tunnels.”
Mack gave a tight smile that didn’t reach his eyes. “I think we can handle it.”
Feeling like a child, Tom followed on Mack’s coattails as they brushed past the skinhead. As they walked farther down the tunnel, Tom sensed the man’s presence, his anger radiating down the tunnel. For the first time, he wished he had taken Mack’s advice and switched off the torch. At this moment, disappearing into the shadows appealed.
Tom knew Mack was protecting him, but he couldn’t shake off the feeling that Mack had his own agenda. He doubted Mack was protecting him out of the goodness of his heart; there was something bigger in this picture, something that Tom couldn’t yet see.
When he thought they were far enough away, he started to speak. “Are there going—”
Glass smashed behind them and they both ducked.
“You’ll die, you bastards!” the man screeched from back down the tunnel. “It’ll get you, you just see!” More glass smashed, this time closer.
“Oh, shit,” said Tom, his heart taking up a fast, familiar pace.
“Keep going,” Mack advised. “He won’t chase after us.”
But the missiles kept coming. Something heavy landed farther away and Tom realised the man must be throwing bricks or bits of the old track.
“Whoop! Whoop!” the man screeched manically.
The sound echoed down the tunnel, followed by more breaking glass. Somewhere in the back of his mind, Tom wondered where he was getting it all from. 
“It’ll suck you up and spit you out,” the guy screamed at them. “You fucking losers!”
More glass smashed and the man screeched again, the sound bouncing off the curved walls.
“Keep moving,” Mack said, keeping his voice low, and ushering Tom down the tunnel, away from the crazed man. Together, they picked their way down the side of the tracks and the man’s manic yells grew fainter.
“Are there going to be more like him?” Tom managed to say in a half-whisper.
Mack gave a derisive snort of laughter. “Him? He’s nothing. What he said was true—there’s a lot worse than him down here.”
“Like what?” Tom asked. “Junkies? Crackheads? Psychopaths?”
Mack laughed, but the sound was cold and sent chills down Tom’s back. “Is that the worst you can think of?”
“I don’t like the sound of that.”
“If you have to ask, then you don’t want to know. Not yet anyway. Trust me.”
Tom stopped walking. 
“Enough already,” he said, trying to sound determined. “I didn’t exactly plan to spend my day being attacked underground by drug addicts and all you’re doing is giving me the run around. I’m not going any further until you tell me what the hell is going on.”
Mack looked at him, his eyes wide in amazement. “What did you think was going to happen? We’d come down here and all sit around having a nice conversation over a cup of tea? Bad shit happens down here. I mean, we’re in the dark, for fuck’s sake!”
Tom clenched his fists and gritted his teeth. Why did everything Mack say sound like a threat? Stupidly, he had trusted him. 
Tom realised what a dangerous position he had got himself into. These people could do anything to him and no one would be any the wiser. Abby wouldn’t even report him missing for a couple of days, maybe even longer if she was really pissed at him. He imagined the police finding the Audi deserted and the speculation that would follow. They would wonder if he’d been carjacked or if he’d done the worst and killed himself. He hated to think of the anguish his disappearance would cause—how Abby would turn their last argument over and over in her head, trying to figure out if something she’d said had caused him to vanish, wishing she’d done things differently. Then, with his heart bound in chains, he thought of David and how he’d think his daddy didn’t love him enough to want to stay with him. 
Tom’s eyes pricked with tears and he pressed his lips together. “I have to go back. I’m sorry, I can’t do this”
He turned, momentarily forgetting the skinhead, but Mack’s arm shot out and closed around his bicep. His grip was ferociously strong and Tom stared at him in surprise.
“You’re not going anywhere.” 
“What?” Tom tried to pull out of his grip. “Get off me.”
“You’ve got to do this,” Mack said, his eyes shone fierce in the torchlight. “We need you to. We all need you to.”
Tom yanked his arm again and this time Mack let go. 
“Try and see the bigger picture,” Mack said, desperation creeping into his voice. “This isn’t just about you and your family.”
Tom’s eyes narrowed. “Well that’s funny, because, right now, they’re all I care about.”
“If this thing gets out, your family won’t even recognise the world they are living in. Is that what you want to happen?”
Tom was baffled. “No, of course not. But what is going to happen?”
Mack shook his head, his mouth set in a grim line. “That’s the problem. We don’t know exactly.”
Tom opened his mouth. “But—”
“But, do you really want to find out?” Mack interrupted.
“How the hell would I know? I’m not even sure what I’m doing here.”
“You’re saving us,” Mack said. “You’re saving us from Hell.” 

~*~

Underlife will be available to buy from 28th August 2012. If you would like to stay informed about the release, or about the new releases of any of Marissa Farrar’s books, please visit her blog, www.marissa-farrar.blogspot.com, and sign up to her ‘new release’ form, or else check out her facebook page, www.facebook.com/marissa.farrar.author, where she loves to hang out.
 


Also by Marissa Farrar

The Serenity Series:
The Vengeful Vampire (Now free to download)
Alone (Now free to download)
Buried
Captured
Coming October 2012, Dominion

The Dark Road
The Body Farm
Where the Dead Live
The Company of the Dead

Coming August 2012…
Underlife


About the Author

Marissa Farrar is a multi-published horror and paranormal author. She was born in Devon, England, loves to travel and has lived in both Australia and Spain. She now resides in Devon with her husband, two children, a crazy Spanish rescue dog, two rescue cats, six hens and ten goldfish! She has a degree in Zoology, but her true love has always been writing.
Her dark take on a vampire romance, Alone, was first published in 2009 and has now been re-launched. The second and third books in the series, Buried and Captured, are now available to buy. The fourth in the series, Dominion, will be published October 2012.
Her short stories have been published in a number of anthologies including, Their Dark Masters, Red Skies Press, Masters of Horror: Damned If You Don’t, Triskaideka Books; and 2013: The Aftermath, Pill Hill Press. 
If you want to know more about Marissa, then please visit her website at www.marissa-farrar.blogspot.com. You can also find her at her facebook page, www.facebook.com/marissa.farrar.author or follow her on twitter @marissafarrar.
She loves to hear from readers and can be emailed at marissafarrar@hotmail.co.uk.
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


