
The Speculative MIND
by A. J. Barry

Copyright 2012
Smashwords Edition


All rights reserved. No part of this book may be reproduced or transmitted in any form or by any means whatsoever without express written permission from the author, except in the case of brief quotations embodied in critical articles and reviews.

Ω

This book is dedicated to my loving wife, Tara.

Special thanks to all those people that gave their support
and shared my enthusiasm in bringing this project to life.
I couldn’t have done it without you all.

Credit for assistance in producing this book goes out to…
www.smashwords.com
www.wix.com
www.befunky.com
The Grounds for Sculpture

|An Introduction|

Each day is wrought with choices and challenges.
The navigation of these crossroads & roadblocks
weaves a journey called “life”.

Those who can see the patterns for opportunities,
 and heed the ominous signs of a dead-end,
understand that there is a destiny to be fulfilled.

I am Dawn Omega,
The Beginning of the End,
and I lay the tracks of tragedy and legend
for those who are capable and willing to listen.
For those with
The Speculative MIND.
Table of Contents

The Stories     (~Word Count)
Cookies, a Brownie, and Walter    (4,000)
A Hero    (700)
Garden of Memoirs    (2,500)
Drawn to Copper Lake    (8,000)
The Stranger    (200)
Someone to Watch Over Me    (4,000)
Saving Mary Collins    (700)
Custody of the Chain    (1,500)
The Rebellious Fingers    (600)
Deliver Us to Evil    (2,000)
Sympathy for the Son    (2,000)
Just Another Day    (300)

About the Author
Cookies, a Brownie, and Walter

 I’ve noticed that the basis of any worthwhile evening news program is horror - The faces of those watching their apartment complex burn like the seventh circle of hell; Sirens screaming in pursuit of a car-jacked minivan with children banging on the back window; A quiver in a reporter’s voice, eyes wide, while she describes the heightened security in response to a very credible terroristic threat.
The six o’ clock news was Walter’s favorite time of the day, yet he never received the attention he deserved for his own noteworthy efforts. That’s why I had Camilla pay him a visit.

Walter arrived home early from work, microwaved his Hungry Man dinner, and placed two ice cold beers on the snack tray before settling down. Judge Judy had made her final verdict and the evening news was just getting started. Standing on an assembly line all day had afflicted Walter with back problems, varicose veins, and feet like leathery sausage. The recliner hugged his stout body as he leaned back, kicking up his feet. He scarfed down his food between swills of cheap beer, grinning wildly at society’s tragedy. But Walter stopped in mid-chew and leaned forward, turkey gravy spilling from his maw, to listen as an onsite reporter described the attack on a woman in Spanish Harlem.
“Paul, this is the store where Gabriella Vargas stopped every morning to pick up her coffee and cigarettes before heading to work at six o’clock. But this morning as she walked passed this school, PS 57, a man in his mid to late 30’s attacked Ms. Vargas, dragging her into an alley. There, he cut her face several times, using a utility knife, before fleeing the scene. Ms. Vargas’ cries were heard by neighbors who quickly called 911. Although the wounds were not considered life-threatening, police are on high alert since this is the fourth attack of this nature in upper Manhattan this year.”
“Seven marks,” snarled Walter at the television. “One for each day I watched that bitch.”

Ω

It was 5:40 a.m. when Gabriella first bumped into Walter. In truth, she shoved him with her elbow to cut in front and pay at the register. She threw the money on the counter, complained about the ridiculous prices, and then charged her way out of the store, high heels stomping in cadence. If Walter’s supervisor hadn’t asked him to come to work early that day, their paths might never have crossed. Since their encounter though, Walter left early for work each day and stood at the corner to watch her. He studied Gabriella as she pushed past people, refused to hold the door for another, threw her trash on the street, and even twice picked her nose. These were the crimes of a beautiful bitch.
The subjects of Walter’s research always asked him the same question. Always, always, always. Why are you doing this? Each time they asked, it jarred a memory from Walter’s childhood. He thought of summer days when he would catch flies with his bare hands. It was really quite simple. Spill a small puddle of soda on a picnic table to lure them in and then swing a hand quickly over them as they drank. Instinctively, the fly would zip upward and into Walter’s grip. He could feel their panic buzzing within his fist. Once he caught one, he’d smack it down on the table to disorient it and then proceed to pull off its wings.
When released, the fly would run forward a few paces and freeze in place. It paused as it tried to fly, unable to comprehend what kept it grounded. The fly would repeat the same launch attempt over and over. Walter didn’t understand his fascination with the act, but it kept him occupied in those summer days.
Walter did understand women. He understood beautiful women were put on this earth to be glorified by the masses and tolerated by the weak. Entitlement was their curse. A beautiful woman would walk straight through a plate glass door before she realized someone wasn’t there to hold it open for her. Gabriella was very beautiful. She knew exactly what she could get away with. If a fat, little, ugly woman threw her money on the counter and pushed her way through a store like that, they’d have called the cops and had her arrested for disturbing the peace. If she was caught picking her nose in public, it would be her cross to bear all the days of her life. Yet, a beautiful woman picking her nose was accepted, even appealing, giving every normal guy the notion that she just might be human. But Walter knew better.
The only thing Walter didn’t know was what happened to the flightless flies after he got bored and ran away. Did they survive? Did they evolve? Did they find a way to leave their airborne lives behind and start again? Perhaps an ant or some other insect could teach them a thing or two about living on the land. That’s how the experiments began.
The first woman Walter slashed was a co-worker, Donna. He tolerated her as long as he could, watching the other men fall over themselves to pick up her slack and clean up her messes. Sympathy was her currency. With her pouty little lips and big brown eyes, she could afford to make mistakes, but Walter found a way to bankrupt her. Outside Donna’s home one night, Walter’s serrated razor, purchased from a local flea market, got its first taste for flesh.
Three months after the incident, Donna drove her car into a tree at ninety miles per hour. The police suspected she fell asleep at the wheel. Walter suspected his hypothesis was confirmed. She couldn’t survive in this world without the crutch of her beauty. An important thing about experiments though is that they must be repeated to confirm the results. Gabriella was only the fourth.
An impatient rapping at the door caused Walter to leap up, spilling his empty food tray to the floor. “Shit,” he whispered in bewilderment. There wasn’t another soul in the apartment building that he spoke to, aside from the manager and he came for the rent a few days ago. Walter, standing in his soiled and sweaty undershirt, feared the worst and damned himself for not planning an escape route in advance. 
He pulled his cherished razor out from under the recliner and turned it upward in his palm to hide it behind his back. The incessant, tiny knocks didn’t stop. Chain still in place, he edged open the door and peered into the hallway. It seemed empty. There wasn’t a cop or anything to notice through the crack in the door until Walter glanced downward.
“Hello, I am Camilla. I live upstairs, a little down the hall. Would you like to buy some Girl Scout cookies?” The little girl had long dark hair that must have been brushed a hundred times before bed each night. It was neatly pulled back in a clip making her ears stick out a little. She offered a nervous smile as Walter gazed over her. There was something there in her eyes but he couldn’t be certain.
“You don’t look like a Girl Scout,” remarked Walter as he loosened his grip on the blade. She wore an apricot yellow sweater, a black skirt with white stockings and patent leather shoes marred with scuff marks. In her skinny arms, she held a plastic grocery bag stuffed with boxes of cookies.
“Actually, I’m a Brownie. Next, year when I turn ten, I’ll be a Junior Girl Scout. I’m not allowed to wear my uniform without asking my mamá first. She’s not home. I wanted to surprise her and sell some more cookies before she gets home from work.” Without a break, which made Walter cringe, she continued, “I knocked on a bunch of doors but nobody was home. Or at least nobody answered. You’re the first. I usually don’t have any problem selling them at school. The teachers love Girl Scout cookies, ya know? I sold almost all of them but I got home a little while ago and I’m still trying to sell at least one more box. So what do you think?”
Walter knew what to think. It was there all along. The look in her eyes. The hair and clothes all proper. Her supple, little round face. She was in training, honing her skills. Walter could help her. He might even be able to save her from herself.
“Sure, come on in,” he offered. “I’m Walter. Put the bag down on the table over there.” He pointed into the small kitchen on the other side of the living room. Following Camilla from behind, he tucked away the razor into his recliner next to the remote.
“Gracias, Walter. Habla Espanol?” Camilla asked politely.
“No, I don’t.”
“Yeah, didn’t think so. So which one is your favorite?” She started pulling the cookies out and setting the different varieties on the table.
“Oh, I don’t know. Which is yours?” Walter asked intending to keep her talking for a while.
“I absolutely love the Caramel deLites. They’re really good with milk. Do you eat cookies with milk? It’s really good.”
“I never had cookies and milk. Maybe I should buy a box and you could share them with me.” Walter hesitated and then asked carefully, “Would anyone miss you if you didn’t get home right away?” He pulled a wallet from his workman trousers and revealed a small stack of bills, handing her a twenty.
“Oh, I think I could stay for a while. My mamá doesn’t get home until five-thirty. Where’s the clock?” There wasn’t one in sight and the windows were covered in heavy curtains so Camilla couldn’t see the sun in the sky.
“That’s good. I’ll make sure you get home by five,” Walter assured her as he got out some paper plates and a half-gallon of milk from the fridge.
Camilla poured herself some milk. Walter didn’t, but he did take a handful of the cookies. They talked mostly about school. She attended PS 57, which Walter found amusing. Did she have a lot of friends? Of course she did. They bought a lot of her cookies, too. Did she have a boyfriend? Camilla said eight-year olds shouldn’t have boyfriends. Although she typically didn’t get into trouble, she did admit to being suspended once. It disappointed Walter to hear that her favorite classes were art, music and gym.
“What about science? That was my favorite,” said Walter
“You didn’t dunk your cookies in milk,” Camilla noted as she ate the last of her soggy cookies. “Wanna use mine?” She leaned across the table offering a half finished glass. Walter disregarded her and her milk polluted with cookie crumbs. He had other interests in mind. Other ideas he would like to try.
“I think we should do an experiment,” he said with a smile.
This was the first time Walter smiled and Camilla got queasy seeing the rot in his teeth. She felt comfortable in the apartment initially, especially since it had the same familiar layout as her own apartment. The front door opened into a living room which led straight into the kitchen. She knew that from the opposite end of the living room there was a hallway which led to the bathroom and bedrooms.
Yet, it wasn’t until now that she took notice to the rumblings in the back of her mind. Looking past the stacks of dirty dishes and newspapers on the counters, she noticed an absence of a phone, photographs and knick-knacks. It didn’t smell like her kitchen either. The typical arroz con pollo simmering in a pot. Instead, a filthiness hung in the stale air which she thought was called mold or mildew. The cookies didn’t taste good here and actually, neither did the milk. 
Dark curtains, which she imagined were meant to block out the world now felt like they were meant to keep her in. Camilla’s breathing slowed to a whisper while blood rushed through her body; a pulse caught beating in her throat. Feeling very small, Camilla slouched down in her chair as if she’d disappear.
“I don’t like science or experiments. I think you should pay me so I can go home. I know it’s getting late.” There was an uneven tone in her voice as if she couldn’t balance her genuine moxie with her growing anxiety.
“First the experiment. Then you go home.” Walter had been standing near the doorway to the kitchen throughout their visit but now he purposefully slid between Camilla and her exit.
“I’ve been wondering what makes you such a good little seller of these cookies.” Walter took a few steps toward the table to snatch up the last of the Caramel deLites. “What I propose is that we see if you can sell these Girl Scout cookies without all that cutesiness.”
Camilla rose up from her chair but Walter’s firm grip on her shoulder settled her back down. She looked up at him with reddening eyes preparing her next move. Walter expected as much.
“I know you’re frustrated but so am I. And I can’t let you just walk out of here and become one of them,” explained Walter. “This is our chance to prove to the world that you’re more than just a pretty smile. You can be more than that… but you’ll have to make a sacrifice. Do you understand?”
Camilla nodded in submission not sure to what she agreed. Walter released her and continued eating the cookies.
“Now when I finish with these cookies, we’re going to do something that might make you cry. It won’t hurt,” promised Walter “but we are going to have to say goodbye to that lovely hair of yours. I’ll get my clippers and we’ll shave that little head of yours.” Camilla started to tear a bit. “Don’t worry, dear. It’s only a haircut.”
Carmella looked at him in disgust and disbelief.
“Now Camilla, you have to agree to this. Think about it. This is really going to help you,” Walter explained. “You’ll know who your true friends are. The cookies you sell from now on will be through your hard work and dedication. This experience will make you stronger.” With that Walter smiled again.
It was that sickening smile. The grin of an ogre. And the thought of him shaving her head, the way her little brother’s head was shaved each summer. The humming of the clippers stripping away the hair. But it was mostly the thought of her mamá, whom she loved very much and didn’t want to disappoint which gave her the strength to fight.
Camilla leaped up, knocking back the chair, and threw her milk in Walter’s face. The glass followed hard, hitting him in the head. She thought she heard something break, either glass or skull, but was moving too fast to notice.
Walter wiped the milk, crumbs and blood from his eyes in time to see Camilla reach the front door. She pulled on the door with all her strength, never noticing the chain that Walter always kept in place.
Through the four inch gap, Camilla could see where she stood a short time ago. Her fingers, in a clumsy panic, wiggled the chain loose from the door but in the instant that the chain dropped free, a thick hand came over the top of her head, slamming the door shut. 
“We’re not finished here!” he demanded. Walter grabbed a handful of Camilla’s hair and flung her backwards into the living room. A scream signaled her pain and terror as she flew into the snack tray and onto the wooden floor. The empty beer bottles shattered around her as her head hit the floor.
“You’re not going anywhere, you bitch,” said Walter standing at the door. 
The ogre’s face was distorted in the spinning room as Camilla tried to focus on anything other than the pain. Her hand found the swelling on the back of her skull and returned red with her blood, which she wiped on her sweater.
“You’ve got more fight in you than I thought. You’re gonna need a little tougher love to set you straight,” said Walter. “When I’m done with you, even your own mamá wouldn’t buy a box of cookies from you.” With that, Walter turned and slid the chain back on the door. He also engaged the deadlock to make sure they wouldn’t be disturbed.
The broken skin above his brow, torn by the hurled glass of milk, trickled blood into his eyes. Camilla suppressed her panic as she leaned on the recliner to kneel and find her balance. It was then that she felt something foreign and yet familiar in the palm of her hand. In the same moment that Walter remembered where he left his favorite tool, recognition washed over Camilla’s face.
“Oh, no you don’t,” Walter growled. “Give it to me!”
He charged toward her in a sprint, one hand reaching for her throat and the other her wrist, as Camilla slid the razor out from the crease in the recliner. Walter’s momentum aided Camilla as she pushed the razor deep into his inner thigh.
His pain, intense and immediate, produced a gravelly scream followed by a whimper before he fell backwards, blocking Camilla’s path for escape once more. But she had already planned another exit.
She turned to crawl away on hands and knees, still the ogre wouldn’t relent. He lunged at her, grabbing her by the ankle and pulling her leg into his arms. Then he took a bite from her calf, blood dripping through his lips and her stockings. Rolling over onto her back, she smashed the same spot above his eye once more, this time with the heel of her shoe. With stars blinding his eyes, Walter released Camilla.
She stood and stumbled into the hallway behind her, hands on the walls to balance her woozy head and spaghetti legs. To her left was the bathroom. It reminded her of the one at the bus station she once had to use. On the right was a bedroom, just where her mamá’s would be upstairs, but this one was cluttered with boxes of old clothes and large black bags. Straight ahead, the door was closed but she knew where it led. It was her where her bedroom would be.
“Come back here!” Walter commanded. His booming voice signaled that he had lost all reason. Damn the consequences, he would have his way with her. Camilla survived through this for many years before mamá forced her papá to leave. She knew there would be no reasoning with him. Escape was her only hope.
Footsteps not far behind, Camilla burst through the bedroom door at the end of the hall and froze in wonderment. It was incredible. This room was unlike the others. There wasn’t clutter or filth but instead the room was clean and orderly. A large bouquet of red roses, resting on a dresser cluttered with trinkets and souvenirs, filled the air with a wonderful fragrance. At the foot of the bed, a knitted quilt was folded in thirds which matched the autumn colors of the fading wallpaper. Then there were the pictures. Frames of all sizes adorned the walls displaying magazine covers, pin-up models and even an oil painting. And they all showed such beautiful women. But it struck her suddenly. The women, every one of them, blondes, brunettes, redheads, they were all the same woman.
The heavy panting of Walter coming down the hallway dispelled her astonishment and reminded Camilla of what drew her to this room in the first place. There was a fire escape, on the opposite side of the bed, just outside the window. She ran around the bed and heaved up the window as Walter entered the room.
“Don’t even think about it,” threatened Walter. “By the time you reach the sidewalk, I’ll be upstairs paying your mother a visit… with this!” He yanked the blade out from his leg. Blood ran down the razor, dripping onto the floor. His wound was severe. Deep enough to spurt fresh blood between his fingers as he clamped down on the opening.
“Get away from the window,” barked Walter as he reached into his top drawer and pulled out a long white sock with which he tied a makeshift bandage around his leg. “We have our experiment to finish.”
Camilla saw the wound immediately bled through the sock. Stalling him was her new strategy. She knew she couldn’t reason with the ogre. She’d played this game before. Given enough time, his anger would fade along with his strength.
“Who is she, Walter?” Camilla asked, looking at all of the pictures.
“None of your business,” he hissed inching from across the room, razor in hand and his gimp leg dragging behind.
“She must be your wife. Is that it?”
“Wife? Ha! Like there could ever be a woman…” His remark tapered off leaving the thought unfinished.
“Oh, your mamá,” Camilla suggested. “She’s so beautiful.”
A grimace crossed Walter’s face reinforcing his will.
Camilla displayed several patches on her Brownie sash but she was probably most proud of her first aid badge, which taught her how to handle medical emergencies. This included how to make a tourniquet using a bandana. She knew Walter would need one to stop the bleeding. She also knew, as he stood unsteady in the center of the room, he probably didn’t have much time.
“Please Walter, let me go,” Camilla pleaded. “I’ll go get you help. I won’t say anything.” She knew she wasn’t being honest in offering a pledge of silence but they could keep that badge.
Walter didn’t respond. Instead he continued shuffling closer.
“I never told you about my papa,” Camilla offered. “He was an ogre like you. I wanted to call 911 the night he hit my mamá. He beat her with the same pan she used to make him dinner.” Tears of fear and frustration broke and she prayed Walter wouldn’t take it for a sign of weakness.
Walter reached the other side of the bed and leaned forward, razor in hand. If he had the strength, Camilla was certain he would have lunged at her, but his face was growing very pale. It took what energy he had to just keep from collapsing on the bed.
“But I didn’t call the cops because my mamá told me that beautiful woman will always be targets for stupid men. She said we have to learn to defend for ourselves.”
The white sock Walter used as a bandage had soaked through and blood now stained the bed sheets he was leaning against. He turned and sat on the bed, still keeping an eye on Camilla as the razor fell from his hand.
“She said the one thing we could always use against men is that they never expect too much from us.” Camilla walked around the bed and past him toward the door. Walter merely sat there watching, unable to act on his impulses. She paused at the door and turned back, perhaps out of concern or maybe to make sure he wouldn’t follow but it was that moment which Walter desired more than anything at the present. He spoke in a hush but loud enough for Camilla to hear before she turned to leave.
“Yes, she was my mother, and she was very beautiful. And she was a bitch just like you.”

Sometimes people just need an opportunity in order to achieve their dreams. Walter became a star on his favorite television program. Camilla sold many more boxes of cookies, exceeding her wildest fund raising goals. And the experiment was a success. Through it we discovered, and even Walter would have to agree, that with or without her wings, Camilla would find a way to survive in this world.

The END



A Hero

Lost in a swarm of unfamiliar faces, I found myself among the subterranean dwellers of Penn Station. Tourists and commuters – some peddlers, some paupers, some kings – they’d all come for a peek, inspecting me as if I were some marvelous insect to dissect.
Some glanced over my bare midsection, bejeweled at the navel. Others surveyed the length of my legs, stretching from the short hem of my mini-skirt to a pair of sparkling red pumps. A few dared to glance at my chest. Yet, none of these interlopers would look me in the eyes. If they had they’d find a fury which I refused to temper, even as my will weakened.
The indifferent few which marched past undeterred, hurried by deadlines and time clocks, were as rare as those who looked upon me with any real concern. I wanted them to know that I wasn’t on display. I wasn’t their entertainment. Shouting, shoving, but keeping their distance, the crowd made me wish I was alone and not just lonely.
When suddenly, through their mob, a face emerged and then faded, blending back into the collage of strangers. Blonde, bushy hair, atop and at his chin, wearing a pair of thick-framed glasses – his was a familiar face. Frightened I’d lose him, I seared his image in my clouded mind, focusing on his features and desperate for his name. My hero.
As I continued searching for him, my body grew numb. The floor of the train station was like ice and made me yearn for the surface where the sun would warm my blood. Between the cracks in the crowd, he appeared once again and this time our eyes met. Desperately, he pushed a path through the masses to kneel by my side.
My quickening pulse beat right through my chest, through my fingers which I held to my heart. I tried to catch my breath but it was useless. He was beautiful. My head spun dizzy in his presence. He’d found me, he’d save me – Michael.
He took my hand, and lifted it, away from a spot just beneath my breast and then he placed his palm there, pressing down hard, to slow the bleeding. It was impossible for me to tell if anyone responded to his cries for help. I was still lost in his baby blue eyes.
I caressed his cheek, accidentally smearing it with blood, while he whispered words of comfort. His suffering broke my heart. I grabbed his hand, fighting to speak, and yet my voice failed me. My mouth sputtered blood in place of my words and there was still so much left to say.
He should know I didn’t wander; that I waited outside the men’s room, as we agreed. I was using my cell phone to avoid making eye contact. I tried to remain anonymous and still I was seen.
The man approached me and asked for spare change before pressing a knife into my side. I don’t know why he chose me or why I refused to let go of my purse. It was such a gorgeous purse, with all of my belongings. He pulled it from my grasp nonetheless as his blade plunged between my ribs into my chest. All I could muster was three steps in pursuit, before I fell to the ground and then the crowd gathered.
“The EMTs are here,” I heard them say and Michael was drawn away. He didn’t watch as they feverishly worked to stop the bleeding, to make sure I was breathing, and to keep my heart beating. They were preparing to take me away.
But I didn’t want to leave. I wanted him to hold me again. The boy with those baby blue eyes.
As they carried me off on the stretcher, he rushed to my side and said softly, “I’m here, Julia. Hang in there. Don’t you give up on me.”
I grabbed his hand, interlocked our fingers, and squeezed with all my might. If only he knew how much I love him, how much fight there is in me – Then he’d know that I never let go.

The END



Garden of Memoirs
 
Two strangers meet for the first time and there is an instant recognition. It’s as if their souls speak to one another, remembering conversations from another lifetime. I’ve seen it so many times – that magnetic force which draws people together inexplicably. It could be when eyes meet across a crowded room, when hands shake as their introduced, or in the embrace of a mother and her newborn child. Some may call it fate, or love at first sight, but personally, I call it terrifying.

Sweat slid down Maybelle’s wide back as she stood in her floral house dress checking the mailbox for letters. The box was still empty but for the thin strands of cobwebs which had been there for days.
“Is it Sunday, already?” she wondered aloud.
She turned and walked back toward the house on a series of pavers which meandered through her magnificent garden. Arches and trellises supported numerous weaving vines, while ornamental trees, shrubs, and flowers infringed upon the borders of the garden’s intermingled walkways. Maybelle pinched off a grape from an overhead vine as she walked by and tentatively bit it in half.
“Still bitter,” she mumbled before spitting it to the ground. “It’s too early in the season, yet.”
 Lush, if not overgrown, the wild foliage grew unabated and filled the huge lot in front of Maybelle’s lovely colonial home. At the center of the garden, a towering fountain stood which was used to shower the thirsty plants each morning. With the water pressure turned down, the fountain merely bubbled water from one marble bowl to the next, each larger and more extravagant than the last.
Maybelle sat on her porch swing to admire her living masterpiece. She’d invested more time than she cared to remember in the creation of her garden. Each plant, each sapling, each root ball and bulb, chosen to represent a unique moment in her life. The randomness of it all bore some resemblance to an abstract work of art. It was a vibrant oasis which stood defiantly in the midst of a dry barren land that stretched to the horizon.
A gust of wind through the garden brought branches and leaves to life. Maybelle looked to the gray blanketed sky and thought she could smell a storm brewing and that there might not be much time left for her to enjoy her garden today. She poured herself another glass of raspberry iced tea.
There was only one road visible from her porch and from it, a stream of dust announced the arrival of an unexpected guest. Then again, all guests were unexpected, living this far outside the city limits.
Maybelle walked a crooked pathway to the white picket fence which wrapped around her garden and home. Arms crossed and leaning slightly over the fence, she immediately recognized the car. It was that ’76 Chevy Nova with its lime green paint job and bold racing stripes. It should have been familiar since she was the one who paid for it.
“So you’re still driving that old thing?” Maybelle asked as her daughter stepped out of the car. “At least you’ve taken good care of it, like I asked you to.”
“Nice to see you too, Mom,” Hannah answered. She walked around and leaned up against the back end of the car. She wore a tight pair of bleached jeans and a tie-dyed t-shirt she must have picked up at one of those summer music festivals.
 “So, what brings you way out here? Were you thinking that I’d be making some lunch and decided to stop by for a free meal?” she teased.
“Real funny, but those days are long gone,” Hannah answered. She kicked a rock toward the garden but it hit the fence and bounced back. “You know, I didn’t come all the way out here to be target practice for your jokes.”
“Alright then, don’t go getting all defensive. Why are you here?”
“I wanted to talk to you. I was hoping we could go for a drive,” Hannah asked using her best little girl voice; the one she used sparingly when she was younger and really wanted something from her mother.
“Baby, I can’t go out now,” Maybelle explained. “As it is, I really was in the middle of getting lunch together. There’s food left out all over the counter. Why don’t you come in for one of my nice tuna salad sandwiches?”
Maybelle opened the gate and held it for her daughter but Hannah didn’t budge.
“I can’t stay, mom. I was really hoping to just get you out of that house for a while.”
“Well, if you have to be going, I understand,” she said, still holding open the gate.
The standoff didn’t last long before Hannah wiped her sweaty palms on her pant legs and entered through the gate.
“Okay, but I’m not having lunch. I don’t have that much time.”
“Maybe just a glass of iced tea, dear. It’s made with fresh berries I picked yesterday.
“No, thanks. Just water,” Hannah said as she crossed the threshold.
“That’s probably best. The tea’s not as sweet as I’d like it to be.”
Maybelle led the way up to the house and seemed to have no trouble avoiding the branches and vegetation which slapped and poked Hannah as she followed. Truthfully, she wasn’t watching where she was walking, instead distracted by a rustling which came from a cluster of shrubs a little ways off the path. Something within the garden was growing restless as they approached the house.

Ω

Hannah waited outside while Maybelle poured a glass of water from the tap. She kept an eye on her daughter from the window, the way she once did when she was a child; her motherly concern balanced with the chance to catch Hannah doing something wrong. If she was only better behaved growing up, Maybelle might not have needed to pay any attention to her at all.
In the background, the radio station delivered alternating streams of news broadcasts and static. Maybelle liked to leave it on to ward off the silence of an empty home. She hardly paid it any attention most of the time but today there was something distressing in the reporter’s intermittent message. From what she could make out, there’d been a serious accident on the freeway involving several cars. One elderly woman was confirmed dead while many others were seriously injured. Maybelle was glad she convinced her daughter to stay otherwise she might have ended up in that mess.
“Well, looks like I saved your butt again, Hannah,” she announced as she sat down beside her on the porch swing. “There was a big accident on the freeway and…” 
“I know, Mom, but I’m not here to talk about the accident,” Hannah interrupted. “I’m here to ask a favor of you.” Hannah placed the glass of water on the glass table beside her.
Maybelle smiled. “You need a favor from me. Again? Oh dear, what have you gotten yourself into this time?” she asked between sips of iced tea.
“I need you to leave with me,” she asked as her skin grew pale.
“Leave?” replied Maybelle. “Leave? I don’t think so. Look, there’s a storm coming.” And just as she predicted, an invisible force brought a shiver across the entire garden. “I think we should stay here and….”
Maybelle paused, alarmed by her daughter’s appearance. Her face was a deathly white and from her nose, a bead of blood formed. “What happened to you?” she gasped.
“It’s not important. I’ll tell you everything as soon as we leave.” Hannah wiped the blood away with the back of her hand.
“Not important! Something’s happened to you and… Oh my god, Hannah.”
A small split in Hannah’s brow appeared and blood began trickling down the side of her head, like a faucet that hadn’t been closed all the way.
“We can’t leave. Not with you in this condition.” Maybelle said as tears erupted. She leaned back on the porch swing and closed her eyes unwilling to watch what was happening. Hannah grabbed her mom’s wrist and stood up, ready to leave.
“Stop crying,” she pleaded. “I’m running out of time.”
“I can’t stop crying! And I can’t go with you!” screamed Maybelle, looking straight into her daughter’s eyes. “I can’t follow you because… you’re dead!” she screamed.
“That’s why you’re crying?” asked Hannah in amazement.
“Yes, of course. You’re too young to die. I don’t want to see you like this.”
“I’m not young. I’ve lived to be eighty-three years old,” replied Hannah as her cheeks sank in and the blood dried to a flaky burgundy color. “You only see me this way because this is how you remember me, from the last time you saw me – before you left.”
The corpse of her daughter took both of Maybelle’s hands in her own and knelt before her. “I’m sorry, Mom. I thought you knew. It’s you. You’ve been dead for a long time now.”
Just as Hannah spoke the words, vines reached up through the porch railing and wrapped around her calves, pulling her legs out from under her. Hannah shrieked as she lost her balance.
“You think I’m dead!?!” Maybelle laughed. She bent over and, indifferent to the garden’s activity, tore away the vines which held her daughter. “Well, you should take a look at yourself in the mirror. We better get you inside before this storm gets any worse.”
“This isn’t a storm! It’s all in your mind!” exclaimed Hannah. “Look around you. There’s no sun, no clouds, no sky! It’s your damned garden come to life!” She picked herself up and walked away toward the stairs. “I told you, Mom. I’m not staying here with you!”
Unable to manage one step, Hannah tumbled down the stairs, her body weakened and frail. With her body lying across the pavers at the front of the house, the garden resumed its attack. Swinging branches, stems, and leaves whipped and beat down upon her until Maybelle came and shielded her.
“I’m here, Hannah,” she said. “We’ve got to get inside where it’s safe.”
“Mom, please, don’t be so stubborn. You can’t stay here forever.” Hannah’s skin turned a dark grey and her eyes were blackened as if filling with mud.
“I’m not being stubborn. I’m just being reasonable, dear.”
“So were you just being reasonable when you forced Dad to sleep in the basement for all those years?” asked Hannah. “Or when you refused to ever meet with the family on Christmas Eve?”
Maybelle’s body still hovered over Hannah, protecting her from the garden, but her face slowly twisted in anger.
“Why did you have to bring that up?” she snarled. “That’s none of your business!” She wanted to scream more but then suddenly lost control of her body as it shook violently. Convulsions overpowered her while she crawled into the garden searching for a bare patch of soil.
Maybelle quickly dug a hole with her trembling hands and then vomited into it, filling it with phlegm, bile and dozens of tiny, black seeds. Then as the spasms subsided, she covered up the hole and fell over on her side.
“See what you made me do?” she asked, but Hannah didn’t. She also didn’t see the incredible bloom of red and gold flowers which instantly sprouted up from the spot where Maybelle just puked.
Instead, Hannah was fighting off the garden, clawing her way back to the gate. Once she reached it, she sat up with her back to the fence, and picked away the vines which knotted themselves around the gate’s latch.
“Wait!” Maybelle screamed. “Don’t leave!” By the time she reached Hannah, she was already halfway out of the yard. Maybelle seized her by the leg.
“Mom, you have to come with me,” whispered Hannah pathetically.
“And leave this behind? The garden needs me. My plants need me. They’re a lifetime of memories.”
“But they’re filled with grudges and regrets. They feed off your hate,” Hannah said. “It’s time to let go.”
Maybelle loosened her grip. “I’d like to start over again. I just don’t know how.”
Hannah pulled free and dragged herself toward the car, her skeletal body now just dark flesh and bone. And Maybelle followed her over the threshold.
Immediately, the garden began to wither. Blooms lost their petals; grasses leaves, and everything that was once green, quickly turned to rot. The wood of the fence and the house were not immune to the loss of Maybelle. They splintered and fractured and faded as well. Maybelle looked back and shed a tear.
“You know dear, I can’t do this,” she explained. Hannah frantically tried to open the car door to escape but it was too late. “I gave up my life for you once, on the day you were born. I just can’t do it for you, again.”
“No, Mom, please,” begged Hannah.
“Hush now. Mom knows what’s best,” she said as she lifted Hannah up into her arms. “Besides, I wouldn’t know what to say to your father and everyone else. It’s been so long.”
Maybelle carried her back into the garden and to Hannah’s horror, the garden was reborn while her body was sapped of what life it had left. Branches and bushes danced in celebration as the garden blossomed once more. Colors erupted like fireworks and Maybelle’s home stood elegantly in the background.
Maybelle carried her daughter’s blackened remains to a patch of dirt between the fountain and the porch swing. Elephant ear leaves became rigid and swiftly dug a deep hole in the soft soil. A ring of delicate white daisies sprouted up around it while a small tree bent slightly to provide a bit of shade. Maybelle lowered her daughter head first into the pit until only her legs and waist were above ground.
“Rest here, dear. Soon you’ll understand,” she said in a soothing voice, “this is where you belong.”
The plants worked to fill in the hole in as Hannah’s exposed legs intertwined and turned a bright shade of green. From her knee caps and shins sprouted sapling branches, speckled with buds. Her thighs melded into a tree trunk and her feet formed a tight canopy of leaves.
“You see, Hannah. This is where you belong… for you, among all of my glorious treasures, are truly my greatest regret.”

 When lives intersect, it often seems that there are forces at work beyond all understanding – but I refuse to take all the credit or blame these events. Sometimes it’s the nature of this world, trying to piece together the ying and the yang. Angels and demons, saviors and sinners, they all wish their counterparts could be more like them. So, the next time you’re walking hand in hand with someone dear to you, look to the horizon to see where you’re going… and also, who’s leading the way.

The END




Drawn to Copper Lake

Loneliness is great motivator. A lonely soul can be so easily influenced. Yet, when loneliness is accompanied with hopelessness, some choose to take destiny into their own hands. That’s when I’m forced to intervene. Suicide steals pawns from my game and I hate to lose any piece before its time.

“Venom or medicine, which will it be?” wondered Eddie aloud as he swirled the amber solution around in a crystal lowball glass. The rhythmic music outside the bathroom instigated the dirty thoughts racing through his mind.
“Which do you want it to be, Eddie?” she asked. The voice of the woman sounded young and seductive.
“How old are you, anyway?” he asked. “Aren’t you a little young for this type of work?” She remained silent. “Okay then, at least tell me what you’re wearing?” He could tell she was thinking too much, and it revealing her lack of experience in this type of work.
“That’s fine,” he continued. “I like the quiet type. I’ve been looking for an old fashioned kinda girl. These days, most girls have no idea what it means to act like a woman.” Eddie’s speech was noticeably slurred. “You know what I mean? A woman that can become a man’s dream come true. People today are so wrapped up in the daily distractions, caught up in themselves.”
“I know what you mean. It’s hard to find people that genuinely care for one another,” she finally admitted. Her concerned voice flinched with sincerity.
“I’d like to meet you sometime,” Eddie offered as he finished his bourbon.
“I’d like to meet you, too,” she began. Eddie didn’t finish listening and instead let that thought marinate for a moment. Someone that would like to meet him? That sounded pleasant.
After all, he really wasn’t much to look at; nothing hideous but certainly less interesting than most people. There were some innate qualities which Eddie felt he lacked. His anonymity could attest to that. He’d heard of the phrase, “you remind me of someone I used to know” but those word were never spoken to him. Most of the time, people forgot to even acknowledge him as he walked into a room or tried to join a conversation. He imagined himself as a mannequin. Featureless, forgettable and not entirely human.
He’d have to accept the truth – she didn’t really want to meet him. He reasoned that she probably gets paid to lie and would say whatever it takes just to keep the phone call going. This fifteen minute conversation was only wasting his time, and he didn’t have much left.
“You’re full of shit,” accused Eddie, interrupting her prepared speech. “You don’t want to meet me. And you know what? I don’t want to talk to you anymore.”
“Please Eddie, give me chance…”
 “Forget it. It’s not worth discussing. I’ve tried this before, but you know what? I can’t talk my way out of a fucked up life.”
“Sir, if you hang up now we’ll have to report your call to the police and you’ll be taken into protective custody. When someone calls a suicide prevention hotline…” Click.
Finished with the conversation, Eddie dropped the bedazzled pink cell phone he into the metal garbage can at the exit. It was a phone he “borrowed” from a mature busty blonde who held a pack of college boys captivated at the bar. She had the courage to try and finish an endless stretch of shot glass at the bar without falling off her barstool. Eddie was pretty certain that no one noticed when he picked up her cell phone and walked into the bathroom with it.
Calling a suicide hotline from his own phone would have complicated things. Borrowing someone else’s was a stroke of genius and it’d give him something enjoyable to think about. He could envision the police tracking her down at the bar. Would they accuse her of making the call? Maybe one of her boyfriends would have to complete a psych evaluation? That’d be fun to imagine while he finished his bottles of bourbon and prescription pills at home, tonight.

Ω

Eddie cautiously drove past his apartment complex, circled the block once, and then pulled into his assigned spot in the parking lot. The elevator was still out of order so he hiked it up the stairs to his fifth floor apartment. It was an apartment which his ex-girlfriend nicknamed “The Tomb” since it was long and slender like a coffin and most of the walls were sponge painted an earthy blend of mocha, cream and chestnut. As charming as it must have been years ago, now it was just a better way to hide the grime and imperfections.
When he moved in about a year ago they offered to repaint the walls white but Eddie rejected the idea. The muddiness surrounding him reflected his existence – a twenty-eight year old high school drop-out, living paycheck to paycheck, and working at a job that he despised.
His DVD Depot uniform, complete with its Assistant Manager name tag, was still bunched up on the living room floor where he’d left it the night before. He quickly shed the clothes before eating a couple of microwave burritos and watching an X-Files marathon in his underwear. Past three in the morning, lounging on his sofa, remote in hand, Eddie felt a fleeting sense of serenity.
In the absence of true companionship, the thing that Eddie most adored was his huge, flat screen television. It was a gateway to undiscovered lands and unrealized dreams, showing him the way his world was meant to be. Tonight, he would enjoy one final journey into that pixelated paradise as he prepared for his own pathetic finale. Mesmerized in the static haze of a black and white film, Eddie chased the OxyContin tablets with shots of Old Grand-Dad and prepared to watch his favorite movie one final time.

Ω

Abigail, the bride-to-be, was played by the enchanting Sarah Allen in her 1956 film, My Vow of Revenge. In the final scene, at her family’s lake house, she sat at the end of a twenty-foot dock in her long, white gown, bare feet treading in the waters of Copper Lake. 
The fading leaves of autumn trees surrounded her, easing her numb mind, as she sipped away another glass of wine. The first glass in the bridal room earlier that day was in a toast of celebration. The second was for her frustration, when everyone assumed the groom was running late. Many others followed in her despair as the police began suspecting foul play.
From her clumsy grasp, one last glass of wine fell into her lap, spilling down the length of her white dress. Leaning to catch it, Abigail fell forward, following the glass into the lake. Her gown quickly became saturated and the frigid water dragged her down. At her request for a moment alone, police officers and bridesmaids waited patiently in the reception area, not close enough to hear as she struggled for the surface. Her outstretched arm, grasping for hope, sunk further and further into the depths until the last sparkle of her engagement ring flickered out. Pan out, fade to black, and roll credits.
Sarah, just like her character Abigail, drowned in the lake that day at a mere twenty-six years old.
Eddie was convinced his only chance for true love died that day as well. From the first time he watched her film, he became obsessed. He gathered every bit of merchandise and memorabilia that was available but his collection couldn’t hold a candle to his intimate knowledge of Sarah Allen. She was perfect in every way. She was his soulmate.
It was a cruel twist of fate to be separated by decades from the woman he was meant to be with. His investigations into her past only reaffirmed his beliefs. She had lived alone and without scandal, or rumors of affairs, which beleaguered so many women of her era. He could only imagine that her search for companionship was as fruitless as his own. They were star-crossed lovers never given the chance to be.
Whether it was his heart’s yearning to swim in self-pity or he was simply delaying the inevitable, Eddie chose to watch the film’s tragic ending once more as he prepared for his own demise. He turned up the bottle and washed down the last of the pills before thumbing the remote and returning Sarah to her place at the edge of the dock.
Eddie envisioned running to her, pulling her from death’s watery clutches, and earning her affections with a heroic rescue. He knew he could win over the woman of his dreams, if only he could reach out to her, beyond the restraints of distance and time. Perhaps, they could be together when he reached the other side.
Then she fell yet again from the dock, as Eddie simultaneously rolled off the couch and crawled across the carpeted floor toward the television. Delirious, he touched the black and white screen, reaching for Sarah’s hand as it slipped beneath the surface of the water. When his fingers met the screen, a stream of electricity enveloped his fingers and a static shock ran up his arm. Jerking backward, Eddie’s eyes widened in disbelief.
 Water rippled across the television screen from the point where his fingers had touched, spreading outward. Lake water, it seemed, dripped slightly from the edges of the big, flat screen, like waves lapping at the edge of the shore. Reality suspended, Eddie reached again and this time his hand passed through the black barrier into the icy waters of Copper Lake. He could feel his skin growing numb as dampness soaked up his sleeve, but the most powerful sensation was the smell. An odor of moldy forest leaves, decomposing matter, and stagnant water intermingled in the air, and a feeling of nausea welled up in him.
Quickly, fear overcame Eddie as he felt something from within the lake grasp his hand and pull him deeper into the television. The sensation, once amazing, instantly became terrifying as his elbow sunk into the darkness. He pressed his palm against the frame of the flat screen and knocked it to the floor trying to break free. The TV landed hard splashing water into the living room. He tried to stand but couldn’t as his arm was pulled, bending him over, deeper into the screen. The frozen grip on him was extraordinary and unshakable. Terror purged his stomach, projecting vomit into the television pool.
With a rush of adrenaline, Eddie tried to regain his balance and gradually overcome the force. He started to pull his arm up from the screen. As his hand returned to the living room, he could see it was still bonded to the weight which had pulled him in. It was a hand. A hand adorned with a brilliant engagement ring. It was her hand.
Eddie fell to the floor and crawled backward, pulling desperately until Sarah passed through the black portal into his world. Water gushed from her mouth as she emerged, followed by a great gasp of air. Lying on the floor, she turned to her side and continued to spit out water between her shallow breaths.
Lying there with Sarah, as she slipped from consciousness, Eddie realized that nearly every image he’d seen of her, from film to teen scrapbooks, was in black and white. Seeing her here in the flesh was fascinating. She had soft, smooth skin. Her hair was chestnut brown, not black as he always envisioned. In a full spectrum of hues, even the wine stain on her dress, which looked a pale grey in the film, became a bold splash of burgundy.
Yet, now it was her face that looked pale. Her Hollywood make up was smeared and washed away, contrasting with the dark blue color of her lips. Eddie could only wonder, as he lay next to her comatose body, was his beloved saved or on the verge of dying?
With the remnants of pills and alcohol still coursing through his blood, the same question could be asked of himself. As his thoughts faded, Eddie pledged an oath that if they lived through this, he’d keep Sarah safe at his side and love her forever.

Ω

Waking to a sun much brighter than dawn, Sarah squinted her eyes to the wide open windows. She immediately knew this wasn’t home. With her bedroom windows sealed tight, she’d awaken to soft music in complete darkness on any day in which she wasn’t working. That should have been today since yesterday was the last day of filming. Her first major film was complete and in the coming months, her agent assured her that she would become a celebrity. Then she become aware of the damp wedding dress still clinging to her cool, clammy skin, which returned her thoughts to the present.
The couch on which she was lying, the living room and its décor, all of it was foreign to her. It all seemed wrong. Not just unfamiliar but dreadfully alien. Surveying the room she saw three digital clocks. The only time she had ever seen one before was in a magazine. The electronic boxes and lights were unsettling but the absence of color in the room stoked her fear. Bright yellows, oranges, and floral designs were expected in normal home. Here the dark, bare walls were accompanied by oddly shaped black furniture. It was as if it were a home for gothic spacemen. She could only think that last night she fell asleep on the set of some science fiction film.
“Good morning,” called Eddie nervously, from the adjoining kitchen. The rooms were separated by a tall counter and wooden stools. He was pouring himself a tall cup of coffee. “Would you like some?”
“I remember you,” said Sarah as she struggled with the memory. “You pulled me out of the lake yesterday.” Sarah sat up on the couch trying to adjust her gown and look presentable. “What happened?”
“My name’s Eddie. You were struggling to swim in the lake, in that big white gown,” explained Eddie while looking down at the toast he was buttering. “I thought it was a prank until you started going under, so I jumped in and pulled you out.”
Sarah sat confused, trying to understand where the film crew was during all this.
“You said you’d be fine and not to call for an ambulance so I brought you here to my apartment.” His story, delivered uneasily and with hesitation, left Sarah feeling like a participant on Candid Camera. “Then you fell asleep. It looked like you needed the rest so I didn’t disturb you.” Eddie continued looking down at a set of eggs he started scrambling during the recount.
“No.” Sarah shook her head nervously. “I don’t remember any of that. I only remember you pulling me out of the water.” She tried to sound appreciative while her mind worked through the fog it was wrapped in. “I assume that you work for the studio. I’d like to go home now and get changed,” she announced as she stood and tried to peel the uncomfortable damp layers from her skin. “Can you call a cab for me?”
“The studio? You work for the studio?” asked Eddie.  “Are you an actress?” 
Frustration brought Sarah’s blood to a simmer, yet he just stood there in the kitchen, tall and slender, his dark curly hair hanging just at the brow. There was something appealing about him that helped temper her anger.
“I thought you looked familiar,” he continued. “You must be related to that Sarah Allen because you look just like her.”
“How do you know my name?”
“Your name?” Eddie sounded confused.
“Yes. I’m Sarah Allen.”
“Well, that’s not possible,” he said with a smirk. “You can’t be her.”
“And tell me, why is that?”
“Because Sarah Allen died over fifty years ago.” Eddie seemed completely puzzled but then continued stirring the eggs in the pan. “And you look a little too young to be one of those stars of the silver screen.”
Possibilities raced through her mind. This had to be a practical joke. Or maybe she was in a long-term coma? Was this a dream from which she couldn’t escape?
 “Alright, what’s going on here?” Sarah demanded in a trembling voice. “I’m finished with this game. I want to know where I am!” Sarah ran to the open window.
The brazen sun shimmered over the sprawling city of Los Angeles. So many more buildings than she remembered; buildings made more from glass than concrete or brick. Shimmering metallic cars weaved beneath her on streets that were lit with a multitude of lights. Lights for traffic, pedestrians, advertisements, and in the storefront windows, so brilliant they could be seen by her on the fifth floor of Eddie’s apartment.
“Is this a joke, Eddie? I need to get back to the studio.” Sarah began sobbing realizing all of this couldn’t be a simple prank. “Why did you bring me here? I want to go back. Please, take me home.”
Sarah began to lose her balance and Eddie moved quickly to grab her. She felt her legs give out and her vision narrow before falling into his arms.
“Sarah Allen?” he asked gently. “Is it really you?” He held her, looking down with his soft, brown eyes. “Miss Allen, I’m sorry but I don’t know how you ended up here,” he said sympathetically, “but you can’t go back. You’ve got to believe me.”
Eddie guided Sarah back to the couch and asked her to have a seat. He showed her the My Vow of Revenge DVD box, his collector’s edition, that detailed the film and the subsequent accident which cut short the promising career of one of Hollywood’s youngest rising stars. 
“Somehow, I was given the chance to save your life.” His voice eased her angst. “Heaven willing, you are meant to be here. You’re alive. No longer lost to the world. Not buried before your time.”
“How can I believe any of this?” asked Sarah, still trying to understand how she’d escaped death by being teleported through time.
“I know what will make you believe.” answered Eddie. He went down the hall to his bedroom and returned with a device he called a laptop. “Let me show you everything there is to know about Sarah Allen.”
It was a small screen, so much brighter and clearer than any motion picture screen she’d ever seen. He typed in her name, clicked search, and there it appeared in little blue letters all across the screen.
“Here’s a website that I really like,” said Eddie, but Sarah still had no idea what he was trying to prove – until she saw the first picture.
It was a picture of her twelfth birthday party. She was sitting her backyard, at the picnic table her father had built, surrounded by her childhood friends. She couldn’t imagine how anyone could have gotten that picture; a picture she would have guessed was buried in a trunk in her parent’s attic. And there was more.
The screen provided a biography which described where she lived, went to school, her family, friends and more details concerning her life than even she could be expected to spontaneously recall. Initially, she felt violated, her life story fully exposed but the forgotten details and the reverence in which it was written made her feel special as she read on.
 The stories brought a smile to her face as she read about her humble upbringing, tears to her eyes when she discovered that she had been posthumously nominated for a best actress award, and then a vacant look of disbelief as she read her own obituary.
Strange circumstances surrounded the assumed death of Sarah Allen, as the body was never recovered.
“Wait, that’s not what it’s supposed to say,” Eddie said with concern.
“What do you mean?” asked Sarah.
“I’ve read this page a dozen times and it was very clear. The harness broke. You drowned. There was even a picture of you being dragged from the water.” Eddie scrolled up and down the page searching for the missing image. “It’s gone!”
“Well, if you really saved me from 1956, then I suppose I can’t be in two places at once,” Sarah suggested, searching more for comfort than truth as she felt her entire life slowly slipping away into nostalgia. Eddie inspected the DVD inserts looking for any other discrepancies.
“I can’t believe your story’s changed,” said Eddie as he got up to tend to his cold cup of coffee and eggs. “I think I’m going to have to start breakfast over again. Can I make you something?”
“Thanks, but not now. Maybe after I shower,” she replied while examining the keyboard and the laptop, seeing that it wasn’t much different than her old typewriter back home. “Can I look up anyone on this?”
Without waiting for an answer, Sarah carefully followed the same steps which Eddie used to search for her. She typed in the first name that came to mind - Jessica Yarbrough.
As young actresses in Hollywood, the two girls were inseparable. Sarah and Jessica first met when they were invited to a casting call in Burbank. Jessica, age 16, was perfect for the role of Abigail’s little sister, the one to drop rose petals upon a chapel aisle which her sister would never walk. During filming, Sarah and Jessica made their way into every possible party for the chance to dance and drink with cinema royalty. The next day, they would giggle away their hangovers with aspirin, tall glasses of lemonade and dreams of joining Princess Grace in Monte Carlo one day.
Sarah discovered those dreams never materialized for Jessica, either. Her opportunities on the big screen faded quickly, leading her to take minor television roles before becoming a location manager for a major network. The laptop stated that she retired from film and television in the 1990’s and currently lived in Santa Clarita.
Within the article was another familiar photograph; this one of Jessica on the set of their film, sitting in the oversized rocking chair at the center of the gazebo by the lake. Sarah treasured that photo. She took it herself during a break in filming. There was also another of her from an awards show at the age of 57 and Sarah could still see the smile in Jessica’s aging eyes.
“Who’s that?” asked Eddie, with a hot cup of coffee to offer.
“A friend,” replied Sarah. “She lives in Santa Clarita. Do you know where that is? I need to visit her.”
“I don’t know if that’s a good idea. The world is a different place now,” said Eddie trying to reason with her. “What would you say? What would she say if she saw you, alive?”
“You want me to accept this? That somehow my life has skipped fifty years forward and that I’ve been resurrected by you?” Sarah’s voice was drenched in persistence, the same presence which landed her the role of Abigail during auditions. “I’m going to find a piece to my past. And then maybe a way to go home.”
Eddie closed his eyes and shook his head biting back the urge to prove his point before finally conceding.  “Fine, I’ll help you find your friend.”
He took the laptop and brought up a map on the screen. A bright yellow star marked their destination.
“Oh, I know where that is! Isn’t that near Newhall?” Sarah asked as she pointed to the location on the screen. Instantly, ripples spread from her fingertip, waves washing across the map.
“Why did it do that?” asked Sarah not understanding how she altered the image.
“It’s nothing. The battery must be dying,” replied Eddie as he quickly closed the laptop and ushered Sarah toward the bathroom. “We’ve got to get you ready. You really need to get out of these wet clothes.”
Sarah was thankful for a hot shower and pleased to wash away the smell of Copper Lake.  It had become a repulsive odor, and she’d swear that when she touched the laptop it became stronger, overpowering. It was as if by touching the screen she’d popped a bubble filled with the stench. She thought Eddie noticed the smell coming from the laptop as well.

Ω

Within an hour, Sarah was dressed in a pair of Eddie’s jeans, which needed to be cuffed, and a baggy UCLA sweatshirt that was two sizes too big. Even sans makeup and with her hair up in a pony tail, Eddie made a point of telling her how beautiful she looked.
Men were never an interest for Sarah, especially once she moved to L.A. Instead she devoted her life to becoming a famous actress. While her love life remained a conundrum, she now found herself becoming very accustomed to the company of Eddie. He had a comforting way about him that contrasted the intense and humorless men she’d grown up among.
The journey to Jessica’s home could be described as nothing but a pure revelation. Faking time travel in an apartment was plausible but the evolution of a city, which she called home for more than seven years, was astonishing. 
Street names, buildings, fashion, and music each altered so unpredictably. Hollywood’s vision for the future, crafted in sound stages and backlots of the 1950s, got it all wrong. Radioactive monsters, flying spacecrafts, and ray guns were still non-existent and instead society marched forward at the turn of the millennium the same as it ever was, simply bolder and more attractive.
Accelerating onto the freeway, the exhilaration nearly burst Sarah’s naïve heart. She watched, fighting back panic, as the graceful, chaotic flow of magnificent automobiles and monstrous trucks swarmed the highway. Eddie navigated the pandemonium like a modern James Dean, weaving and darting through traffic. The only time he slowed was when the flashing lights of a police car snuck up behind them and then passed on toward some unknown emergency. The short trip left Sarah craving for more as they pulled off the Golden State Freeway and into a suburban community of Santa Clarita.
 “This should be it,” said Eddie as they pulled into the driveway of a lavish Tudor home.
Sarah was certain she’d found Jessica. Green shrubs, dwarf trees and gentle, white flowers ran the edge of the driveway and covered most of the front yard. Speckled along the sandstone walkway and patio were blossoming red flowers housed in tall terra cotta pottery. The landscaping, which captured the eye in its loveliness and vibrant colors, reflected the woman that Sarah had come to know.
 “Could I wait in the car?” asked Sarah nervously.
“What? Why would you do that?” snapped Eddie as he killed the engine.
 “I was just thinking that you could talk to her first. This is going to be hard for her and I don’t want to rush up there and put her in a state of shock.”
“Well, then, this should be interesting,” he replied, hands still at ten and two on the steering wheel, his blank expression staring out beyond the windshield. “Fine, but at least agree that if she doesn’t want to see you, for whatever reason, you’ll let this go and we can get on with our lives.”
Sarah shrugged, wondering what type of life she had to get on with.
Eddie walked up to the door and rang the bell. Within moments, a frail, seventy-something woman stepped out through the front door and Sarah’s heart skipped in her chest. Inexplicably, beneath the wrinkles of time, she recognized her best friend and without giving Eddie more than a few minutes, Sarah’s excitement overwhelmed her.
“Oh, Jessie. It’s me! It’s Sarah!” she called, running from the car and up the stone walkway. She stopped but a few feet away, giving her friend a chance to look her over.
“My God, is that really you?” asked Jessica. She leaned forward, staring hard for a while and then Sarah saw the recognition illuminate in her eyes. Jessica’s whole body trembled.
“No!” Jessica cried. “The two of you, go away!” She turned and walked back into the house, teetering on collapse. Eddie graciously stepped aside as she went past.
Safely inside, Jessica turned to shut the door and closed it on Sarah’s oversized sneaker, which she slipped into the doorway. Their eyes met through the gap.
“Please, I’m all alone,” Sarah quietly begged.
“You’re an imposter,” Jessica said as she looked down at Sarah’s shoe and kicked it. “Leave me alone or I’ll call the police.”
“It’s me. Look in my eyes and you’ll know it.” Sarah wedged her hand through the crack of the door and lifted Jessica’s chin. “I need your help.”
“But, how? You haven’t aged one bit,” said Jessica, examining the features and details of Sarah’s face, putting her memory to test.
“I can’t explain it, Jessie, but I knew that seeing you again would make some sense of it all,” Sarah said, damming up emotions which threatened her poise. “Will you help, please?”
Jessica let loose of the door and hugged her old friend. Their strong embrace returned a long, lost history for her and brought meaning to this strange, new world for Sarah.
“Yes, I mean… I’ll try to help,” offered Jessica, her voice creaking like a forgotten door hinge. “Please, come inside. We’ll talk.”
Luxury embraced Sarah as she entered the foyer. Jessica led them to the sitting room with its elegant mahogany furniture, upholstered in floral patterns. Baroque oil paintings and magnificent mirrors decorated the banana cream walls. Centered over the beautiful hardwood floors in the room laid an area rug, almost certainly imported from Spain. Sarah was pleased to see that style and good taste hadn’t been completely abandoned in the future.
Eddie shooed a long-haired Persian cat from an ornate chair before taking a seat, while Sarah and Jessica shared the couch. The cat returned shortly thereafter and brushed himself across Eddie’s pant legs, to his dismay.
“Oh, that’s Butterboo. He’s my little man,” said Jessica. “We’re not used to having many visitors.”
“It’s fine. Cat’s don’t bother me, really,” alleged Eddie as he swept the hairs from his pant legs and pushed the cat away once again.
“So Sarah, I see you’re wearing an engagement ring,” teased Jessica. “Have you been back from the past for that long?”
 “No, no, it’s not real. I mean it is real, but don’t you remember it? It’s from the movie,” said Sarah. Jessica took her hand and nodded as she examined it. “Eddie’s just a friend. I mean just a guy that saved my life, somehow, I don’t know. I can’t explain it.”
“Perhaps Eddie can?” pressed Jessica. “Were you there at the lake, too, in 1956?”
“Uh no, I’m not a time traveler like our Sarah here,” Eddie offered to Jessica’s investigation. “Yesterday, I was just walking by a lake near my house,” he turned to Sarah for some confirmation, “you remember, the one I showed you on the way here, and I found her there. It was hard to miss her in that huge, wedding gown.”
Sarah shared a smile with him while Jessica continued listening intently even though Eddie had nothing further to say.
Sarah interrupted the silence. “How much do you remember from that day, Jessie?”
“I don’t like to think about it. It’s always haunted me,” admitted Jessica, reluctant to revisit the events. “You were on that damn dock all by yourself. Brian swears he double checked the rigging for the harness but I didn’t believe him. He should have had people closer to you, maybe even in the water. All he cared about was that big pan out from the dock.”
Sarah slid next to her on the couch and squeezed her tight. “It’s okay, Jessie. I’m here, now.” The tears flowed, twisting and winding through the creases of her elderly cheeks. Jessica buried her face into Sarah’s shoulder.
Jessica continued, “You don’t know how much things changed after that day. I was center stage for months. Tabloids, police, even your family hounded me, interrogating me, thinking I was holding back about your dramatic disappearance, like it was some publicity stunt. I told them you weren’t like that but it just wasn’t enough for them.”
Just then, Butterboo jumped up from nowhere onto Eddie’s lap. Sarah sensed his aggravation but she gave him a glance which pleaded for patience.
“You know, I gotta run to the bathroom,” he said. Jessica gestured toward the hall as Sarah offered her a box of tissues. Jessica waited until he was out of the room to continue.
“I became so famous, because you died. It was impossible to deal with it. All that fame… and money, so much money. You went under and my life skyrocketed.” Shame crept across Jessica’s face. “I’d trade it all away and go back to nothing, if only it would have brought you back.
“Well, here I am and I’m not going anywhere,” said Sarah.
“You know what I mean. I’ve loved you all these years. I don’t know if I built it up in my head but you were my everything. I never met anyone like you before and I couldn’t be with anyone else. You were my first love and it’s always been you.”
 “Well, for me it was just yesterday when we were skinny dipping in the lake. It’s like I went to sleep last night and woke up fifty years later.” Sarah looked into Jessica’s eyes. “How could I lose those feelings so quickly? I can’t imagine what you’ve gone through all these years but I still love you, too.”
Jessica was tentative but Sarah couldn’t resist. She leaned into Jessica and deeply kissed her mouth.
 “Oh, this old body, I wish it could be the same as it was back then,” said Jessica, knowing she wished the impossible.  “The world’s a different place now,” she explained. “Today, we could have lived the life we always dreamed and no one would judge us.”
Sarah already suspected as much, seeing how liberal society had become during her short drive through L.A.
“I still can’t believe how beautiful you look,” said Jessica. “It’s like you walked right out of our movie.” Then her eyes widened. “Wait! You haven’t seen the film, have you?”
“No, but I’d love to!” squealed Sarah.
“This will be great,” she said as she pulled the movie out of her DVD collection. “Let me set it up while you get us some snacks from the kitchen. Take whatever you want but I’d like a glass of wine.”
“Ok, that sounds good to me,” said Sarah as she left the room.
The kitchen was as impressive as the rest of the house, with an abundance of chrome, cabinets and counter space. With a little rummaging, Sarah found some cheese, cold cuts, and crackers. Then she poured two glasses of wine. Almost on cue, Eddie wandered in.
“So did you two get to talk,” asked Eddie. “It looked like you needed some time.”
“Yeah, thanks Eddie. Thanks for everything,” Sarah said sincerely. “Can you help me carry this in? Oh, I didn’t get you anything to drink.”
“Just leave the food and I’ll bring it in after I get a glass for myself.”
“Okay, thanks.”
As Sarah walked out of the kitchen, back toward the living room, she could hear the familiar score from My Vow of Revenge playing as she approached the sitting room. It was beautiful. Marc Dennis, the film’s composer, often showed up on set to capture the ambiance of each scene before hurrying back to the studio inspired to work. She recognized this piece immediately.
Yet, when she came within view of the television, the music became distorted and unrecognizable and the musty lake smell returned. Looking upon the screen, she instantly knew why.
The television turned black, swirling like a whirlpool, just like the laptop and phone, but this time, it was hungry. Picking up steam, the air all around them spiraled into the screen, knocking over tables and littering the room with airborne clutter. Sarah dropped the glasses of wine as Jessica was knocked to the floor.
The powerful cyclone sucked in anything caught within its reach and still Jessica crawled closer to the television. The living room furniture teetered and shimmied across the carpet as Sarah screamed to her friend. “What are you doing?”
The answer soon became apparent. She was crawling beneath the vortex trying to reach her Persian cat, its claws anchoring it to the rug. Steadily, the cat lifted upward until it was snatched up, flying beyond Jessica’s reach and disappearing into the television.
Suddenly, Eddie came running from the kitchen and grabbed Sarah by the arm, dragging her toward the door. “We have to go, now!” He rushed her outside and slammed the door shut behind them.
“What are you doing?” screamed Sarah. “We have to get in there and help Jessica!”
“You can’t go back in there!” he replied, still holding her arms to her side.
“You think… Are you saying I cause that?” asked Sarah with a childlike innocence.
“Okay, yes, there are some things I need to explain,” said Eddie in an apologetic tone. “Let me go in and check on Jessica but you really can’t come back in the house. Please, you have to wait in the car. I’ll explain everything when we get back to the apartment.”
Sarah took a deep breath and closed her eyes to hold back the tears, then turned and walked away.

Ω

Eddie burned inside watching everything go as expected but not the way he hoped. So typical. He knew inviting someone else into the life he and Sarah were building would only create a rift between them, which of course it did. She wouldn’t talk to him on the drive back to the apartment and he could feel the increasing tension growing between them. It was too early in their relationship to let Sarah visit Jessica. 
There was a police car waiting outside the apartment complex just like last time. That was also expected and disappointing. Eddie knew better than to pull into the parking lot this time. They’d have to enter through the back to get into his apartment unnoticed.
“I’m going to park on the street, tonight,” said Eddie. “It’s easier to get to the stairs from there, since the elevators are probably still broken.”
“Sure, Eddie. No problem,” answered Sarah.
She was incredible. Even in the midst of this insanity, she was somehow able to still be so understanding. But these secrets were taking a toll on their blossoming relationship. Eddie had seen enough romantic comedies to realize that there’s always a lie at the beginning of the story which causes a problem later down the road. Still, in the end when two people are meant to be together, the story was destined for a happy ending. It was a proven formula that justified the plan Eddie was formulating.
He asked Sarah to make dinner while he did a little research. During their meal, he promised to explain everything to her. She agreed and so he went to the bedroom and opened the laptop. It worked perfectly and he figured it would as long as Sarah wasn’t nearby to interfere. Amazingly, she was the gatekeeper. Eddie didn’t rescue her; it was the other way around. She reached out to save him, giving him another chance at life.
The online obituary confirmed a second theory he developed. Before Sarah passed through to this world, there was an image of her lifeless body being carried from the lake by a tall medic with thick, blonde hair. Eddie knew the heart-breaking image very well. Once Sarah was rescued though, the photo disappeared and now a new version of it returned. The blonde medic was carrying a drowned Persian cat.
“Damn it!” growled Eddie under his breath. He cursed the way he so often reacted without thinking. If he was blessed with more patience, he could curb those impulses that typically turned to bite him in the ass. A peek out the window at the police cruiser, waiting patiently in the shadows, reminded him of that.
The Red Hawk Tavern, a brick building without windows, was Eddie’s habitual haunt after a long day of work but every now and then he’d stop somewhere new just to ensure he wouldn’t tire out his favorite stool in the corner. The night before last, Eddie took a chance on a new hangout.
He didn’t remember the name of the place but they had Pyramid beer on tap and damn good cheese fries. New faces, new food and a new seat at the bar (although still in the corner) were a welcome change to his routine and he considered making this new bar a regular stop. Finishing up his fourth beer and the fries, Eddie was about to get going when he saw a shriveled, old man pull out a wallet and call out, ‘One more for the road, Mike’. His wallet was stacked with twenties.
More than a month behind on the rent and with only minimum payments on his three burdened credit cards, Eddie had all the incentive he needed. The ol’ Graybeard appeared to be alone and would probably leave that way. He drank like a fish and stumbled noticeably on his last trip to the bathroom. And here sat Anonymous Eddie, which was a blessing for a change. Fate delivered him this opportunity and he’d make the best of it. His intentions were clear. Take half the money; leave the other half for the old man. It would make Eddie’s life a little easier to bear and teach that Graybeard a valuable lesson.
With his tab was paid, Eddie made his way for the exit at the back of the bar which led to the parking lot. After the first ten minutes, he started second-guessing himself, but soon the door opened and out stumbled Graybeard. It was money in the bank. As the old man leaned over to unlock the car door, Eddie rushed up behind and shoved him up against the car. In the process, he easily pulled out the wallet. If he could just take out his half or so, he’d be gone before the guy even knew what hit him. That’s when Graybeard’s elbow came swinging around and caught Eddie in the jaw.
The old man then turned to face his attacker. Letting Graybeard be able to identify him wasn’t part of the plan. Eddie reacted quickly and punched him in the face, a bit harder than he intended. The guy’s face popped like a bloody balloon and he fell back as Eddie turned and ran for his car. 
The newspaper at work the next day delivered the bad news. The article described how Martin Brackett, the ol’ Graybeard, was mugged and left for dead with a serious head injury in the parking lot of JD’s tavern. Now Eddie remembered the name of the place. He also remembered something he didn’t account for in his liquor-influenced scheme; he paid his tab with a credit card.
The police were waiting outside and the consequences for his rash behavior were quickly closing in on him.
“You should know, I tried killing myself the same night you arrived,” confessed Eddie as he took a seat in the kitchen.
“Is that really true or are you still trying to manipulate me?” asked Sarah making her frustrations apparent while slopping a mound of pasta and marinara sauce in Eddie’s bowl.
Eddie froze, unsure how to respond. What did she know? What did she suspect? “No bullshit. I was trying to end it all with bourbon and pills… but then you arrived.”
“And how exactly did that happen because I know I didn’t magically surface in that filthy pond around the corner.” Sarah sat down in front of her still empty bowl.
“How you arrived here isn’t as important as how we’re getting out of here,” he explained. “It’s time for me to take you home.”

“Just like that? Suddenly, you know how I can get back?” Sarah asked
“We’ll have to try. We can’t stay here any longer,” Eddie insisted.
“We? This isn’t about you! It’s about me! I’ve been torn away from my family and my friends and you kept me a prisoner here.” Sarah got up to walk out of the kitchen. “I don’t need your help. I’m going to Jessica’s and she can help me get back.” 
Eddie popped up out of his chair and grabbed her by the arm.
“She can’t send you back. She doesn’t have a clue,” he sneered.
“You mean about going through the TV? You aren’t the only one smart enough to figure that one out. I knew that smell coming from the screen. It was Copper Lake.” She twisted her arm to get free. “Now let go of me. I’m leaving.”
“No you’re not!” Eddie swung Sarah back into the kitchen, knocking over the table. She fell among the glasses, plates and pasta to the floor.
“Help! Somebody help me!” Sarah screamed while throwing shards of broken glass and stoneware at Eddie. “Can anybody hear me?”
Things were spiraling out of control. Eddie could sense the police, out of their car and running through the parking lot. He knew they’d be here soon.
“Just stop, Sarah. I love you. Please, we can work this out,” he pleaded as he backed his way out of the kitchen. She stood now, ready to fight. Eddie turned and ran.
Eddie locked the front door, grabbed the remote, and turned on the television. It immediately went into whirlpool mode. Then, he pushed over his bookshelf across the front of the door. “There’s only one way out now!” he screamed as Sarah approached.
It was stronger than ever and the television vortex would not be denied this time. They could barely hear the cops banging on the door over the turbulence.
“Let’s go,” Eddie demanded as he pulled Sarah into the living room.
His hands grabbed her forearms tightly and swung her toward the TV. Caught in the wind tunnel, she quickly became airborne, legs fluttering in the air. Eddie leaned back with all his might, holding her in place to steal another look her in the eyes.
 “I love you!” he screamed and then he surrendered to the pull. Sarah, like a slingshot, flew feet first into the spiraling screen. He watched her disappear into the screen, as time slowed to a crawl, and imagined the life they could share on the other side.
But as quickly as it appeared, the whirlpool vanished, once Sarah passed completely through. Eddie crashed head first into the screen, knocking himself and the television to the floor. He hadn’t thought of it but like so many other mistakes, this was one which he could have predicted. He should have been the one to go through the screen first because once Sarah passed through the portal, it closed leaving most of Eddie behind. The only parts of him that made it to Copper Lake were his hands and wrists which had been wrapped around Sarah’s forearms.
This became clear when Eddie looked down to see the bloody stumps at the end of his arms. Blood gushed from the open wounds like a pulsating garden hose, draining his blood onto the carpet. Collapsing in a wet puddle on the rug, he listened to the rhythmic beating of the police bashing against the front door, which echoed the beating of his own failing heart. Within moments, Eddie was certain, they would both give out. Still, the only thought that lingered in a mind filled with disappointment and regret, was that he found a way to save the woman he loved.

So Eddie didn’t have it in him to make all of his dreams come true. After all, pawns are still pawns in the game of life. But his sacrifice may have saved a queen. Returned to Copper Lake, without that burdensome gown, Sarah found it much easier to swim for the shore. While her costume change may have remained a mystery to everyone involved, there was no doubt that Sarah’s second chance would develop into an incredible journey.

The END





The Stranger

Winter’s breathe chilled me, the phone line went dead
Gripping my nightgown, thoughts spun through my head
Why did he promise? The stranger’s vow made
My quickening pulse; this home he’d invade

Windows and doors, locked each one up tight
Shrouded in darkness, save for the moon’s light
Through blinds I kept watch and started to pray
With nobody home, he’d just go away

A speeding, black truck swerved off from the road
An end to a life, it surely forebode
The doorknob was tried; the key fit the lock
Mistakes that I’ve made, now leave me in shock

He stumbled around our couch and table
Struggling to see, yet just wasn’t able
Fumbled with switches that refused to work
“I killed the fuse box you arrogant jerk.”

“Anna, oh Anna. Come on now let’s talk”
Called his sweet nothings not seeing me stalk
I thrust the knife deep into organs and bone
Then bent down to sneer with eyes cold as stone

A vow was broken; don’t hurt each other
But he drew first blood when he chose another
Never say to a woman, unless it is true…
“I want you to know that I’ll always love you!”

The END



Someone to Watch Over Me

 Faith is a funny thing. People place their faith in the afterlife, their family, their government, and even in wagers on basketball games. When it works out as expected, it’s called destiny but if things go awry, well then, it’s rationalized that everything happens for a reason. In the end, it’s better not to question the outcome of an event, but instead on where you decided to place your faith.

“Hey, man, are you sure you still wanna do this?” asked Jimmy as he came from the kitchen. In one hand he held two cold beers and in the other a jet-black 9mm pistol, aimed straight at Trevor who was watching television on the couch.
“What the fuck!” Trevor threw up his hands in defense. “Get that outta my face, Jimmy.”
“Relax, it’s not even loaded,” he said as he tucked the gun in the waist of his jeans, which hung low enough to flaunt his checkered boxers. “You did say you were down for a little excitement tonight.”
“Yeah, you really got me going with that one, asshole. So where the hell’s my gun?”
“You don’t need one. You get to drive the Mustang,” answered Jimmy.
“Well, that’s more like it,” said Trevor as a grin spread across his densely bearded face. “I’d rather dodge traffic than dodge bullets, anyway.”
“Alright now, you know that Handy Mart out on Route 7? They got a parking lot in the front that wraps around the back.” A loud banging on the front door interrupted his explanation.
“Who’s that?” Trevor asked. “You got someone else in on this?”
“No, man. I don’t know.” Jimmy pulled his basketball jersey over the gun handle as he got up to answer the door. With a tropical storm whipping its way up the east coast, he was pretty sure it wasn’t those damn Jehovah’s witnesses.
“Who’s there?” he barked, the way he’d bark out signals for the defense when he played football at Michigan.
“Jimmy? It’s Shawna,” called the voice from outside. His hand squeezed doorknob tight, looking out the peephole and seeing his little sister for the first time in years. “Come on Jimmy. I’m getting soaked out here,” she whined.
Opening the door it was obvious, she fell into some deep shit again. The heavy rain smeared her long dark hair across her face, but that didn’t hide her blackened eye or swollen cheek. Dried blood from her nose and ear marked their paths down her neck. Crossed between her arms, she hugged a black laptop.
Jimmy looked past her to see a tiny white Honda parked alongside the shrubs that lined his long, gravel driveway. Sometime soon, he was going to get a couple rottweilers – a little privacy insurance for fools that thought they could just show up uninvited.
“Anybody with you?”
“No,” she said as she pushed her way past him. “I’m alone. I need your help.”
Jimmy slammed the door on the intruding wind and rain. “Bitch, forget about it. I don’t see you for three years and then you just show up here asking me for help. You must be trippin’ again.”
Shawna didn’t respond as she dried herself off with a Charlotte Bobcats blanket that had been draped over the couch. Jimmy kept an eye out the window, expecting trouble to follow.
“Hey, stop acting like I don’t see those marks on your arms,” he called out from his post.
“That’s not what it is, Jimmy,” she said from beneath the blanket as she dried her hair and wiped away the blood. “I’ve been done with that junk.”
She threw the blanket in a ball and walked over to Trevor with her arms extended, posed for inspection. “Hi, Trevor. How ya been?” she asked with a smile.
It was the first time he’d seen her since her high school graduation. It was probably the first time anyone had seen her since then. She got out of Genoa pretty quickly after that. He hated that she was too young for him back then, and also his best friend’s sister. Looking at her now in that little black dress with its silver belt hugging her hips, he hated it even more. Holding her arms in his hands, he offered her a seat next to him on the couch.
“Jimmy, she’s clean. These aren’t needle marks. These look like they were done with a razor.” Trevor had seen plenty of junkie tracks and depressed school girl cuts in his time. These look more like the latter. “Are you okay?” he whispered to her. Her tentative nod wasn’t very reassuring.
Shawna placed her laptop on the coffee table and opened it, turning it slightly from Trevor’s view. Once more, lightning split the sky as the intensifying thunder reminded them of the approaching storm. The house lights flickered, threatening darkness.
“You think she’s clean?” asked Jimmy as he inspected the tree line which laid thirty feet from the house. “You should know better. That girl ain’t been clean since she got her first pubic hair.”
“Fuck you, Jimmy,” she snapped back, neither looking at the other as they threw their barbs. Shawna’s attention was consumed by the laptop while Jimmy kept watch at the window.
“Where’s that piece of shit husband of yours?” asked Jimmy.
“I’m not sure.”
“Figures. I didn’t expect Diego to be there when you needed help.”
“Well, I guess he’s not a knight in shining armor, like you – riding in on your high horse.”
Trevor stayed out of the conversation, preferring to slide closer to Shawna and get a peek at her bizarre laptop. The sides of the machine were completely smooth, as if carved from onyx, and without an obvious power button or outlet for charging, Trevor wondered how to turn it on. Its pitch black screen didn’t reflect light, but actually seemed to absorb it, making it appear as a hole… or even a doorway.
Old English letters were engraved on the keyboard and arranged in alphabetical order, forming an arch across the board. On the left side of the arch was a sun with the face of an angel and the word Hello. At the other side was a crescent moon bearing the face of a demon and the word Goodbye.
Jimmy turned away from the window, assured they wouldn’t be interrupted again. “Alright, what do you need my help with? Why can’t you just ask Diego?”
“Why do you think?” she replied. “He’s the one I need your help with.”
“Fucking asshole! He did this to you?” Jimmy bolted for the bedroom to grab his car keys. “Come on, Trevor. We’re gonna break that motherfucker!”
Trevor tried to get up but Shawna’s hand on his forearm kept him seated. With Jimmy out of the room, she then slid a small black disc, shaped like a heart with a hole at one end, from a concealed slot in the front of the machine. She leaned over, pulled in Trevor by the curly hairs of his beard and kissed him on the cheek.
“Stay with me,” she said and then she slid the tip of the black heart across the inner part of her arm, drawing blood.
“What are you doing?” Trevor asked quietly.
 “Shhh.” She pinched the wound open with a squeeze at the corners and a puddle of her blood spilled into a small black dish at the top of the board. It was instantly absorbed and brought the laptop to life. A bright red cursor appeared, floating in the emptiness of the screen. It blinked slowly, like a pulse.
“You don’t have to go looking for him,” she announced as Jimmy returned to the living room. “Diego’s going to come here, looking for me.”
“Here? He’s coming here? Is he fucking crazy?” Jimmy ran back to the window, hoping to find him. “Why do you think he’s coming here?”
“Dad told me he would. He warned me that Diego was coming to kill me.”
“What? What the fuck did you just say?” For the first time ever, Shawna had Jimmy’s full attention. “You come into my house and disrespect our father? For what?” The unexpected pain enraged him. “You are so fucked up!” he yelled as he easily yanked Shawna up off the couch. She fell to her knees, refusing to stand.
“Hey!” screamed Trevor. “That’s your sister!” He pointed to the machine, trying to distract Jimmy. “I don’t know what’s going on here but don’t take it out on her.”
“Bullshit. She didn’t even know our father. He died when she was still a baby. So you tell me…”
Suddenly, a series of red letters appeared, from left to right across the screen.
Hey Half-Pint. It’s me, Dad.
“Fuck that!” Jimmy paced in a circle, hands over his eyes, fighting the urge to run. “How’d you know about that nickname?” he screamed at Shawna. “Who told you?” He lunged at the machine, intent on destroying it.
“No!” cried Shawna as she wrapped her arms around his legs and Trevor pushed him backward. Jimmy fell awkwardly landing flat on his back.
“No one calls me that anymore. It’s not right,” he sobbed, not trying to get up. “Is this your idea of a joke, Shawna? You’ve got a chat room friend helping you with this?” he asked, the anger fading from his voice.
“This ain’t no joke. This is what Diego is coming for.”
Trevor grabbed Jimmy’s hand and pulled him up to his feet. “Can somebody tell me what’s going on here? What is that thing?” he asked.
“It looks like a bullshit Ouija board,” answered Jimmy, refusing to look back at it. “You never saw one before?”
“No. What’s it do?”
“It speaks with the dead,” said Shawna. She picked up the heart-shaped piece and showed it to Trevor. “This is a planchette. You move it across the letters to send your message and the response comes up on the screen.”
“What about the blood?” Trevor asked.
“Blood?” asked Jimmy, still keeping his distance from the machine.
“Yes, it needs fresh blood to draw in the spirits.” She placed the heart, inverted, on the strange keyboard, and started clicking it like a mouse as the hole passed over the letters she chose.
Dad, where is Diego now? she asked in little red letters.
The cursor blinked in contemplation as the thunderstorm continued its assault on the house.
He’s right outside, now. But you shouldn’t go out there.
A powerful lightning bolt struck close by, shaking the house, blinding everyone within and then the power went out. Darkness enveloped the house except for two beams of light coming in through the front windows. Jimmy went to the window to find a pair of car headlights aimed straight at the house.
“Don’t do it, Jimmy! Please! Dad said wait here,” begged Shawna.
“He’s a dead man, Shawna.” Jimmy flung the door open and charged out into the rain. 
A white, Chevy Monte Carlo had been driven off the driveway and was parked on the lawn, facing the house. The engine wasn’t running but its high beams blanketed the front of the house. With one hand raised to shield his eyes from the light, Jimmy aimed the 9mm at the driver’s seat.
“Are you in there, Diego?” he called out as he marched toward the driver’s door, his finger squeezing tighter against the trigger.
From the doorway, Trevor yelled into the torrential rain. “What are you doing, Jimmy? Let’s wait in here until the power comes back on.” Shawna watched from the window but couldn’t see far beyond the glare of the headlights.
“Ok, asshole!” said Jimmy. “You think this is a game? Alright then, let’s play!” With that, he delivered a strong kick to the car door, bending it inward. His next shot smashed the side mirror clean off using the butt of his gun.
 “Where are you, Diego? Why are you hiding?” Jimmy turned in a circle, the rain soaking him to the bone. His eyes hadn’t fully adjusted to the night and he couldn’t see Diego crouched at the rear end of the car, waiting for his chance.
“You chicken shit motherfucker,” he yelled. “I’m going inside. You can come find me when you’re ready.”
With one step toward the house, Diego knew Jimmy let his guard down and he emerged from the shadows.
“Watch out!” Trevor screamed just as Diego’s machete hammered deep into Jimmy’s neck. Blood sprayed down, mixed with rain, and Jimmy’s body went limp. As his body fell, Diego pulled the gun from Jimmy’s failing grasp and he pointed it up the stairs toward the house. It was the second time tonight that Trevor looked down the barrel of the 9mm.
“Are you going to get me my board,” Diego yelled up to Trevor, “or are you going to die, like your friend here?”
Trevor slammed the door shut and locked it.
 “He’s going to kill us! Give him the damn board, Shawna!” demanded Trevor.
A massive blow to the door caused it to buckle, as Diego tried smashing his way through. 
“We can’t. You don’t understand.” Shawna looked out the window and saw her husband possessed by an uncontrollable rage. This was nothing like the first night he caught her trying to steal the board. She couldn’t plan an escape; this time she’d have to find a way to kill him.
While trying to imagine her next move, the bright red letters appeared with another message. Trevor, still reinforcing the door with his shoulder, didn’t see it.
Jimmy’s with me now. You have to hide under the stairs in the basement.
 “We gotta hide and then we’ll call the cops,” declared Shawna. “Where’s the basement?”
Trevor wanted to protest but the shot Diego fired, which blasted a second peephole in the door, quickly sent him running. Shawna grabbed the board from the coffee table and followed him through the dark house to the basement door. Neither could see where the basement steps led but they closed the door behind them and carefully worked their way down into the shadows.
A set of slender windows, opposite the stairs, offered only enough light for Shawna to see that the tiny basement was only about half the size of the house. Apart from the three windows, which neither of them could fit through, it had the feel of a cinder block tomb. They both crouched under the wooden stairs and waited. Trevor pulled out his cell phone.
“Damn it. I don’t have a signal,” said Trevor in a frustrated whisper. “I’m going to try standing by the window.”
“No, don’t! We have to wait here,” Shawna explained. “We’ll be safe.” Shawna opened the board and showed him the message.
“Are you serious?” He tried wrestling the board from Shawna’s grasp. “Give me this board. I’m going to put it at the top of the stairs. He’ll take it and leave.”
“No, he won’t! We have to…”
The creaking of floor boards above them disrupted their squabble causing them to freeze like field mice in the shadow of a hawk. Rationing each breath, they listened as heavy footsteps explored the rooms overhead. Shawna could envision him crouching down to look under a bed or a table and rummaging through closets. They didn’t hear a word until the basement door opened.
“Shawna? Are you down there?” he asked calmly. “I think you should come up here if you are.”
Trevor tugged at the board, suggesting to surrender, but Shawna’s eyes screamed no and before the issue could be pushed any further, the basement door closed. Diego’s footsteps suggested he was leaving the house. And there was silence.
“Where the hell is he going?” asked Trevor.
Shawna took out the planchette to ask the board.
“You gotta be kidding me. Put that shit away.” Trevor snuck across to the other side of the basement. “I’m going to try and get a signal and call the cops.”
Moving slowly, trying not to drawn any attention, he peered outside from the bottom corner of the first window. It was still pouring outside but the wind had subsided and it seemed that the worst of the storm had passed. Two bars appeared on his cell phone.
He turned to tell Shawna but he could see the red glow of the board reflecting in her possessed eyes. She was reaching out for help in her own way.
“Hello, 911. If this is an emergency, how may I direct your call?” asked the dispatcher.
“Hi. I’m trapped in a basement. I’m at 5015 Riverside Ave,” said Trevor. “There’s a psychopath trying to kill me!”
“Okay, we’ll send a patrol car out right away. Does the attacker have a weapon?”
“Yes,” he began but then went silent.
From the window he saw Diego, walking just a few feet from the house. He was looking down into the basement windows. It was hard to figure that Diego could see him but then he abruptly stopped. In his hand, he held a bottle with a cloth coming out from the top which was burning brightly, even in the rain.
“Holy shit!” Trevor dropped his phone and turned to run.
“What is it?” asked Shawna, still under the stairs working the board.
Before he could answer, the bottle smashed through the window pelting Trevor with broken glass and liquid flames. The fire caught quickly in his hair and spread across his back. His screams were deafening as he fell into a stack of cardboard boxes and started rolling around at the foot of the stairs.
Shawna screamed, wishing Trevor would have heeded the warning and stayed with her under the staircase. In the light of the fire, which was spreading throughout the basement, Shawna could see an old winter coat, hanging on the wall. She yanked it from the hook and covered up Trevor to smother the flames.
“Trevor? Can you hear me?” His smoldering body convulsed in her arms for a moment and then he came to rest. She tried to hold his hand but the flesh of his palms had burned away, leaving them sticky with blood.
Shawna burst into tears in response to the thickening, black smoke in the air, as well as her feelings for Trevor which she held secret for so many years.
You won’t be able to leave here with him.
It was the last message she received from her father before the board slipped back into hibernation. That was it for her father’s last words? He wanted her to know that she wouldn’t be able to drag Trevor’s body up the stairs and save him?
With the flames spreading from boxes of clothes to books to camping equipment, each contributing to the toxic cloud in the air, there wouldn’t be time for another offering of blood. Shawna closed the board and headed up the stairs.
She pulled the front of her dress over her mouth to filter the smoke which started burning her throat but then she saw through her blurred vision, Diego waiting at the top of the stairs; the gun still in his hand.
 “That’s enough, Shawna,” he said. “Bring me the board. You don’t have to die down there.”
 “I’m sorry, Diego,” cried Shawna as she walked up the stairs amidst blackened clouds of smoke. “I was weak. I know I shouldn’t have taken the board.”
“That’s fucking right. You shouldn’t have, but you couldn’t resist,” Diego shouted.
“Please, don’t hate me. It was a chance for me to speak with my father.”
“And now that you talked to him, I can have my board back right?” he asked.
She knew she could never give up her father and that the board only spoke to one person – its owner. Now her father’s message was clear. Diego was the one she’d have to leave behind. She’d leave him here to die.
“Yes, you can have the board,” she lied as she approached the top of the stairs. She held the board down at her waist, as if she were offering it to him and then swung it up with all her might, knocking the gun from Diego’s hand. Swinging the board back down, she smacked him against the side of the head and Diego fell.
“Goodbye, asshole,” she said as she stepped over his body and walked down the hall. The police would be here soon and she needed to get far away from this place. Where were Jimmy’s keys?
Standing in the hall trying to remember, she was an easy target for Diego who recovered much faster than Shawna expected. 
“Where do you think you’re going, sweetheart?” he called. Shawna started to run.
The gunshot knocked her off her feet and sent the board flying across the living room. Shawna rolled over to see Diego standing at the basement door, ready to take another shot.
“You know, I’m kinda glad to see it end this way,” he said.
She laid there helpless, unable to believe her eyes, when through the flickering yellow smoke, which rose out from the basement door, a figure appeared. It was Trevor.
He grabbed Diego by the back of the neck and threw his unsuspecting body down the stairs into the inferno. His screams rang throughout the house until Trevor closed the basement door. He walked unsteadily to Shawna.
“Get the board,” pleaded Shawna as Trevor moved closer to her. She pointed to where it landed and he nodded in agreement.
Once he picked up the board though, he opened it, preparing to give it to Shawna, and his bloody thumb unintentionally touched the board’s small dish. The board came to life and Trevor realized how serious his condition was and how desperately he needed someone’s help.
“No,” Shawna whispered, her lungs filling with blood and robbing her of her breath.
From his swollen, blistered throat Trevor strained to apologize. “I’m sorry.”
And the board spoke to him.
Shawna heard the sirens and instinctively wanted to run but she couldn’t move. She felt her body growing numb as Trevor leaned down to whisper in her ear.
“The board promised to help me,” he said in a ragged voice, “but it says you won’t be able leave here with me. I wish it didn’t have to be this way, but I have to go.” Trevor kissed her on the forehead, stood up and staggered out the back door and into the rainy night.

 Speaking through an Ouija board, tarot cards, or even the flip of a coin is not so difficult for me. My words travel the highways of chance and through the land of dreams. So be wary when you discover that your desires outweigh your ability to cope with that which you’ll never possess. That’s when you can expect to hear from me.

The END





Saving Mary Collins

The Sunday morning sun splintered through the drawn window blinds, bringing warmth and light to Robert’s scruffy face. He was still holding Mary’s hand from the night before. Her wedding band, which she never took off, pressed into his hand causing a slight discomfort. Like two matching pairs of a whole, their fingers intertwined creating a bond which felt like it would never be broken. Mary’s hold on Robert was firm and unyielding.
How long would it be before the kids would wake in search of their breakfast and affection? These treasured moments were too few and far between. All too often it was early to rise – letting out the dog, getting the kids ready for school, and the running of errands before and after work – but Sunday mornings offered solace from that daily grind.
Robert’s free hand, the one that bore his wedding band, which he also never took off, slipped down the soft stretch of skin on Mary’s cool thigh. He pulled her restful leg deep between his, sliding her knee up into his groin. His arousal was quick and intense.
The chirping of birds stirred the shih-tzu still asleep at the foot of the bed. He was an old dog that enjoyed the chase in his dreams much more than those in the backyard. His two furry little legs kicked like a cyclist while he slept, in pursuit of the song being sung just outside the window.
Willing his eyelids to part and break the darkness, Robert first looked at the clock – it was just after seven – and then to the eyes of his wife. Her golden hazel eyes stared off into the distance and it reminded him of when they first met.
She was the reluctant bridesmaid at her younger sister’s wedding and he was a nervous college student with much more to offer from his heart than his wallet. Mary passed on the tossing of the bouquet in favor of a secluded spot on the veranda staring out into the ocean. Robert took a chance hoping she would find her dreams realized in his eyes instead of on the distant horizon. Within a year, both of their dreams were answered when they exchanged their wedding vows to become Mr. and Mrs. Collins.
Was there a sound? Patiently, Robert listened for the creaking of floorboards, the twisting of doorknobs, or a flushing toilet. Nothing. Their children were still resting.
Mary’s eyes floated his way, and for a moment they shared a lingering glance. Her eyes didn’t have the same brilliance that they once possessed, but Robert wouldn’t trade them for the world. Those precious eyes, ever-drifting in a Mason jar of formaldehyde, were the first things that Robert insisted on keeping after the accident that took Mary’s life.
There was a slip in the tub one morning while Robert was at work which left Mary alone, unconscious and hemorrhaging. This led to their children’s hysterical phone call after school and Robert rushing home to a find a makeshift barricade of yellow police tape. Then a coroner determined that blunt force trauma caused the accidental death which eventually delivered Mary to the Collins Funeral Home – a family business. And all of this led to the beloved corpse of Mary Collins, lying on a cold metal table and the drastic measures which had to be taken by Robert.
He knew that he couldn’t go on living without the ability to look into those stunning eyes, without her comforting touch, without a least one of her gorgeous legs – none of which would be missed by anyone at the wake. After all, Robert had years of experience with eye caps, prosthetics and techniques to prepare the deceased for viewing.
Slowly, he pulled his wife’s severed hand from his own, working the joints once more to ease her rigor mortis. From the top shelf of the closet, Robert removed a suitcase containing disinfectants and surface embalming fluids to cleanse and prepare Mary’s hand and leg for storage. Taking the Mason jar from the nightstand, next to the alarm clock, he kissed each of his three keepsakes before returning them to the suitcase.
Robert cherished these Sunday mornings, knowing his time with these fleshy mementos wouldn’t last forever. Saving Mary, preserving her, helped Robert cope with the loss but he wondered who would save him from his morbid temptation to crawl down into the earth to be with all of Mary once again.

The END




Custody of the Chain

 Sometimes the question arises, “Why do bad things happen to good people?” While the answer is never clear, there is hope in the notion that if something doesn’t kill you, it will only make you stronger. But that’s a pretty big “if” when I send something your way.

Crickets serenaded Jim as he dragged the two half-filled garbage cans to the end of the driveway. That’s how it was done at Grandma’s house, cans filled half way, since she usually had to take out the trash. Yet, while Jim was home from college on spring break, he tried to help out as much as possible.
Walking back toward the dilapidated two-story farmhouse, Jim realized how much more work still needed to be done. He’d already repaired some siding panels, a leaky section of the roof, and a cracked window pane, but the leaning wooden porch with its peeling green paint looked more like kindling than the entrance to a home.
As he reached the steps of the porch, a chaos erupted from the road, generated by a roaring car’s engine and the mad, howling laughter of its driver. It was a rather ordinary silver sedan with a wildman at the wheel, his bushy dark hair blowing in the wind. The car skidded to an abrupt stop at the end of the driveway.
The driver eyeballed Jim, who stood paralyzed by indecision, before he leapt from the vehicle and dragged out a heavy trunk from the backseat. He tossed it next to the garbage cans.
“She’s all yours, James! She wants you!” the wildman screamed before hopping back into his car. Then with the same suddenness that marked his arrival, the car sped off, its tail lights and mad laughter fading away down the long country road.
Jim waited to see what came next, but there was nothing, and the hairs on the back of his neck came to rest. Like so many times in his life, Jim’s first instinct was to remain uninvolved; that had served him well as a young man. Getting involved usually meant winding up tangled in a mess someone else created. But who was ‘she’ and why was he chosen?
If he left the trunk, the garbage men would surely take it, either for benefit or trash. While considering his options, his feet mindlessly carried him down the driveway to the black, antique trunk. His curiosity had gotten the better of him this time.
 Jim hauled the heavy trunk to the perimeter of the porch lights, for just a peek inside. The rusty latch opened easily and he thought he saw a fur coat stored within. He tried to remove the coat but it came out in pieces, or more precisely, chunks and the chunk Jim held in his hand had features. Holding it up to the porch light, he could see it was the body of a dead black cat.
Around its broken neck was not a collar but instead a long rope, which had obviously been used to hang it. The rope continued to the next hanged cat and then the next, forming a chain of perfectly preserved, dead black cats.
Jim wanted to simply drag the trunk back to the trash but as horrible as the collection was, he couldn’t resist seeing it in its entirety. He respectfully set the cats out, one at a time, revealing that there were seven in all. Then he noticed, at the bottom of the trunk, lay a manila envelope with his name, James Turner, written on it in black marker.
“Jimmy? What are you doing out there?” called Grandma from inside.
He snapped back to the present and called out, “I’ll be right in,” as he took the envelope and quickly stuffed the cats back in the box.
“Jimmy, where did you are at?” yelled Grandma. She sounded confused.
Thinking she might come outside, Jimmy shoved the trunk into a dark space under the porch. “Just a minute!” he yelled back.
Then came a scream, and the sick, unmistakable sound of a body tumbling down the stairs; the stairs which led to Grandma’s bedroom. Knotted worms turned in Jim’s stomach as he rushed inside.
Grandma, her neck twisted and bent in a grotesque fashion, was bunched up at the bottom of the staircase. He went to her side but she was in bad shape and so Jim helplessly grabbed the kitchen phone to call 911.
The medics arrived quickly but were only able to offer their condolences. The police arrived later and only offered questions that Jim was in no mood to answer. He explained that he was taking out the garbage but decided not to mention the incident with the trunk.
“So you were outside. Then you called her to come downstairs?” asked the officer.
“No, she called to me asking ‘Where are you at?’ while I was still outside” explained Jim, aggravated and emotional. But this time it didn’t sound right when he repeated Grandma’s line. Maybe her last words sounded more like, ‘Where did you get a cat?’
He remained silent about the trunk but as the police car backed out of the driveway, a black cat ran past, appearing and then disappearing through the beams of the headlights. Jim wished he’d never touched that cursed trunk… or that envelope. He ran inside to find it next to the kitchen phone where he’d left it.
You are now in possession of the Cat o’ Nine Lives. She has chosen you. If you can catch the cat, your curse will end. Until then, I’m sorry. I can only offer you the hope that I have survived and that you may too.

Ω

She always seemed to be there, prowling in the shadows. Watching.
Jim spotted the cat as he crawled from the wreckage of his car accident. She seemed to be a not-so-innocent bystander on the side of the highway.
She was there again, sprawled across a tree branch outside the doctor’s office, when Jim was diagnosed with Cotard’s Syndrome. The general practitioner said that both his physical ailments and the cat he was using as a scapegoat were symptoms of a serious mental disorder.
Once more she appeared, strutting along the kitchen window sill, when a letter arrived to account for his academic suspension from school. The grades from each of the final exams he took had mysteriously gone missing, as if he never showed up for them. Jim threw a plate of scrambled eggs at her, which shattered against the wall, as she ducked out the window with a devilish hiss.
Then, one night while making dinner in the old farmhouse, Jim severely lacerated his thumb. Recognizing it would need stitches, Jim surveyed the room and yet this time, the cat was nowhere to be found. She had to be nearby. She reveled in these tragedies which she delivered unto his life.
In an act of inspiration, Jim grabbed a large saucer and mixed his fresh blood with some milk from the fridge. The pink solution was certain to draw her from hiding. With the house lights turned out, he placed the saucer just inside the front door which he left ajar. And he waited.
It was half past midnight when the cat slipped into the house, yearning for a taste of Jim’s tempting creation. She lapped up but a few sips before Jim stepped out from behind the front door, slamming it shut. Quickly his hands caught the scuff of her neck.
Though the cat spat, clawed, and bit as Jim fitted a noose around her neck, it wasn’t long before she was swinging from an old pine tree in the front yard. Then Jim added her to the chain of black cats, now eight in all. With the trunk of dead cats tucked safely under the rickety porch, Jim resumed the life he was meant to live. For a while. Before the nightmares began.
They weren’t nightmares as much as they were visions. An old woman, lines etched in her ebony skin. She screamed incoherently, appearing before him like a specter. Vile images of her appeared while he was sleeping at night, in line at the store, or even driving to work. Jim resisted the visions at first but came to understand they wouldn’t end until he passed on the chain which had been left in his custody. The chain representing the Cat o’ Nine Lives was still short by one.
The woman was Lucille Yardley of Owensboro, Kentucky. Jim couldn’t understand how he knew so much about a woman he’d never met, but it wasn’t long before he made the ten-hour journey across state lines with the trunk in the backseat of his car. There was no need for a map or navigation device. The path before him shined like a beacon, directing him to his destination.
“Hey boy, whatcha doin’?” Lucille called from her apartment window as Jim dumped the trunk in front of the building.
“It’s for you, Lucille,” he replied. “I hope you’re the last!”
Driving away, finally freed of the curse, Jim couldn’t suppress his joyful exhilaration or his surging laughter.

 When faced with a trauma, which has been miraculously overcome, I have a question of my own … How do we know if a soul has become stronger through pain and suffering or if the tortured soul is simply broken?

The END




The Rebellious Fingers

A single severed finger falls to the floor. It’s my mistake but I’m just so damn tired. I should have been using a tray to catch the fingers as I cut them from her hand. I have to admit, that even in this condition – recently deceased and slowly turning to mush before me – she is almost attractive, for a corpse. But I’m getting distracted and there just isn’t time for that. We are always pushing ahead; the rush to hurry up and fail.
I notice how the fallen finger crawls across the floor – by digging its painted nail into the floorboard and then flexing like a little muscular arm. Yellow pus trails from the severed end as it drags itself a few inches under my workbench. I try to pick up the finger but it wiggles free from my hand, like those slippery nightcrawlers from when my dad took me fishing as a young boy. That was so long ago; before medical school; before I was married; before the dead returned to disrupt the lives of the living. Bent over, yet still seated in my chair, I search under the table and this time grab the finger with a more determined effort.
Two more severed fingers fall to the floor. They are crawling, same as the first, but in opposite directions, trying to escape from me. Then I realize that they must still share a bond. It’s a common consciousness which suggests that divided, there’s a better chance for one of them to get away. 
Can the fingers see me? They seem to sense my hand, just as I reach for them, bent over, under the table, because they curl and roll away as I try to grab the stubby, black digits. Time is wasting away. It’s been a long, arduous day that has extended well into supper time. My growling stomach reminds me that this is my last body to prepare before completing today’s assignment. The three fingers are now in my grasp, under the table.
The pinky finger falls from the table, hitting me on the back of the head as it makes its way to the floor. It seems to have taken the longest to find the ledge from which to jump. Practice makes perfect and I pinch this one quickly before it has time for tricks. The growling is there again. I must be hungrier than I thought. I finally sit up in my chair, ready to tag and bag these four rebellious fingers.
I see the thumb is still there, resting on the table where I left it, but my pruning shears are not. She is holding them in her other hand – the one with the fingers; the one that I thought was strapped down to the table. It’s another mistake. My exhaustion has betrayed me. She is sitting up now with her intestines in her lap. Her dark empty sockets are just inches from my terrified gaze.
With her hand raised above her head, she growls once more as she drives the sheers deep into my chest. I drop her fingers to the floor, the fingers which had been distracting me, and they start crawling away again.
My screams do not alarm her or dissuade her from repeating the same stabbing motion over and over with so much of my blood splashing away from me. I fall backward, overturning the chair, and hit the floor as the security guards burst in. My sense of hearing is lost. The silent bullets they are firing obliterate the woman’s skull. When they come to me, their lips carry no sound and soon their worrisome faces stretch away as my vision is drawn into a long, black tunnel. And in the momentary darkness of my mind, I wonder what will become of my fingers.

The END



Deliver Us to Evil

 What draws people to sin, when so many sins lead down a road thick with suffering and regret? I can’t explain it since I no longer travel those highways of the human condition – but I still know the spots where there’s plenty of traffic.

“Hey… Hey! I’m talking to you! Pay attention!” barked Moxie as she drove the cab, never taking her bright green eyes from the road. Vic wasn’t going to get away with that condescending attitude which epitomized most of her passengers. In frustration, she dug her nails into the fuzzy pink steering wheel cover. Her long hair whipped about, flickering in the air like flames, fanned by the car’s open window. In spite of her irresistible beauty, Vic still sat with his broad shoulder and heavy tattooed arm hanging out the passenger’s window, breathing in the warm desert air.
Once Vic basked in the company of twenty year old tramps like Moxie, during his raucous years, but her charms were lost like background noise in this foreign world. He paid little mind to her chatter and instead fully examined this unfamiliar territory, which he’d soon inherit. By this time tomorrow, Vic would be the driver and this would be his cab with the magnetic sign slapped askew on the door. It advertised Teufel Taxi Service – We’ll Take You Home.
It was late in the evening and they were working The Strip, which was the main road along which every significant establishment was built. Glorious neon lights lit up casinos, pizzerias, burlesque shows, bars and check cashing businesses, each promising their own version of happiness. As Moxie slowed, waiting for a senior citizen couple to gallop their walkers across the road, Vic observed a towering cathouse with desirable ladies perched in its many gabled windows. They called to their Johns walking past on the sidewalk, but not to Vic. He was no longer in their league.
The moonlit blacktop stretched ahead, offering mile after mile of indulgence and sin. There were side streets every so often but they were dark and far too narrow for cars. No, his recent appointment as cabbie would confine him to The Strip, taking his passengers to the dark horizon and back.
Smack! The back of Moxie’s hand wasn’t quite as soft as Vic imagined it would be. Still, it wasn’t the first time he’d felt the wrath of an irritated woman.
“Stop daydreaming! Tonight’s my last night in this hell and starting tomorrow, this becomes your route so you better ask your questions now.”
“I’ve got it all up here, lady” Vic insisted, pointing to the side of his head. “I know I gotta get the cab when the city lights come on. The people start wandering about just around midnight and I’m here to pick them up. No more than two people in the backseat and none in the passenger’s. Clear as crystal.”
Moxie shook her head at his simplistic explanation, realizing he would have to learn along the way, through experience, the same as she did years ago. Experience makes the heart grow numb, even bitter. Given time, he’d understand the big picture and all the little details.
“Just don’t screw it up. You don’t want the boss down here checking up on you,” said Moxie as she lit up a cigarette and tossed the match out the window. “The longer you can go without messing up means the longer you stay anonymous, and that’s the best way to survive down here.”
Vic still had no interest in placating Moxie and let his eyes wander once more. Through the many enormous windows that framed both sides of the boulevard, he could see people inside enjoying the wild party which diffused across the city. Through some windows, shrouded behind curtains, silhouettes shimmied and shivered to their own tempo. The air was filled with hypnotic music, genuine laughter and the ringing of generous slot machines. Vic reminisced. He almost wished he could walk among them again. Kingpins, convicts, addicts, retirees, bar maids and fraternity brothers all sharing the same spot at the bar. Vic then counted a blessing that he somehow found a way to escape these temptations.
He glanced again at his watch which began nagging him at quarter after twelve. “So, when do we actually pick someone up?” Vic asked, growing tired of watching the world at play.
“You’ll see ‘em soon,” replied Moxie. “The weakest are starting to run down.”
“Don’t they know what’s happening?” he asked, this time watching Moxie, interested in her response.
“Not a clue. They do the same thing every night and they don’t know why. Don’t even remember. They wake up in a haze from the previous night’s festivities and before they can even step in a new direction, they hear the calling.” She took a long drag on her cigarette, enjoying Vic’s attention for a change. “That’s why I call them skippers. They’re like a record player’s needle stuck in a rhythm that just keeps echoing the same verse over and over.
“Everything in a skipper’s life revolves around doing what needs to be done so they can return to the party. Their lives are only a distraction that must be fed so they can return for another round of revelry. The calling is always there, in the back of their minds, reminding them that soon the night will return.”
Moxie slowly drove the cab, passing in front of a guy and his girlfriend sitting on the curb. The young girl sat with her head between her knees, skirt pulled high, and was throwing up undigested tequila all over her legs and bare feet. Vic hung his head out the window.
“Hey you two need a ride?” he offered.
“Go to hell, asshole!” the boy responded. The girl looked up, her mouth frothing with bubbles of bile, and stuck up her middle finger momentarily just before the convulsions continued.
Vic jerked the handle to the door, rage getting the better of him, but he forgot it was locked. The doors were all locked and could only be opened with the driver’s side controls. Moxie grabbed him by the shoulder and eased down on the gas pedal to pick up the pace.
“You see. You just don’t listen,” she teased. “I said that they would come to you when they are ready. You don’t go sticking your nose into a skipper’s business without an invitation. That’s just playing with fire.”
“Sorry. I just thought that if anyone looked ready to go, it was her,” explained Vic.
“But you didn’t even ask the right question.” Moxie looked at Vic hoping he could at least remember his line.
“Yeah, yeah, I know it,” he said then paused to think it through. “Are you ready to go home? That’s it, right?”
“Yes. That’s it. And if you asked those kids that question, things might have gone differently. When they’re exhausted, finished, kaputt, they’ll find you and they won’t be able to resist. Don’t worry, the night is young and you’ll get another chance.”
Vic kept an eye out for his next opportunity. The skippers walked in and out of each establishment, from bar room to brothel then back to the blackjack tables. Before Vic could even make eye contact, he was dismissed as the people just kept walking on. He truly was invisible in this new role; not a player in the game any longer.
“Hey, look over there,” Moxie announced. On the other side of the road, a man and woman shared sloppy kisses while struggling to keep their balance against a lamp post. Engorged with passion, poisons, and other vices they’d fed all night, there was a glow of satisfaction emanating from them. “That’s it. Your first pick up of the night.”
Moxie drove the cab past the couple, made a u-turn, and pulled up along the curb so Vic could call out to them.
He delayed a moment before asking, “Are you two ready to go home?”
Their kiss interrupted, they turned to Vic looking annoyed, almost condemning him, as their minds mulled over the idea. Instantly, the two lovers shared a glance and then a smile.
“That sure sounds like a good idea,” the tall man replied as he opened the door for his companion. Moxie gave Vic a little nod and wink.
She pressed a button on her door control to use the intercom in the back seat. “All set you two?” Moxie asked. “Here we go.”
Vic understood the need for the intercom with just a glance at the thick layer of glass dividing the front seats from the rear. “Can they hear us at all without the intercom?” he asked.
“Can you hear them?” replied Moxie tilting her head backward, hinting for Vic to take a look.
The glass was pretty clear with very little distortion but Vic couldn’t hear a thing, even as the man kissed his lady’s neck. His hand wandered under her shirt to massage her breast. Their bodies glistened with sweat, and condensation collected on the rear windows and glass barrier. The woman’s mouth was open wide in a gasp of ecstasy. Neither the sounds nor the change in temperature permeated through the glass. Vic thought to turn away but wanted to see more of what was to come.
“They’re always like this,” noted Moxie. “When it’s this close to the end, they always try to hide their pain and their fears with a fleeting moment of pleasure. They’re not ready to own up for their sins.” Moxie tossed her cigarette butt out the window. “I feel it’s coming now. Are you ready?”
“I guess.” answered Vic unsure of what to expect. And so it began.
They must have felt the rising heat given that their sweaty clothes were shed so quickly. Across their half-naked bodies, blotches of raised, red skin appeared. The man buried his head in the woman’s large bosom as the pace quickened, yet the woman opened her eyes to glare at Vic. Her pale, blue eyes pleaded for mercy but Vic turned to look away.
“You don’t have to watch, ya know,” explained Moxie yet she adjusted the rear view mirror to get a better look. “You only have to drive the cab. I like to watch from time to time, just to see how it’s changed up.”
Vic stared blindly, straight ahead into the distance. He would have to come to accept this because he knew there was no going back. He was absolutely not going back.
THUD. Vic jumped and turned without thinking to see what was happening behind him. A bloody fist smeared a red stain down the glass divider. The couple was in bad shape. The red blotches became blisters and the blisters gently split to leak yellow pus and blood.
He watched the silent screams that couldn’t be heard through the glass. Their bodies twisted in the backseat, each violent roll breaking another set of blisters and covering everything in blood. It was the first time in an eternity that Vic could remember feeling sympathy for another person.
Within a few minutes, their bodies finished shedding. Their faces, just meaty remains absent of hair, ears or any facial features, still tried to scream but their mouths only produced blood stained teeth and swollen tongues. The peeled corpses continued thrashing about as Vic spun around and threw up out the window. Was it the fierce vomiting that brought tears to his eyes? Or did he just feel broken inside?
“Hey big guy, are you okay?” asked Moxie, adjusting her mirror since the show was finally over.
He pulled his head in and wiped the tears, spit and puke from his face with his sleeve. 
“Goddamn! You said they would die but you didn’t say it would be like this!”
Moxie opened the rear windows and the backseat erupted into flames. The fire cleansed the seats and glass, leaving no trace of the horror. Thick smoke, blackened with ash, poured from the back windows of the car, and somehow not one person took notice. Vic saw that no one cared. The skippers were too wrapped up in their own festivities to sense anything was wrong.
“Each dies their own death,” answered Moxie. “There isn’t any way to predict how it will happen. I admit that was pretty bad. Those two must be some real evil sons of bitches. But I’ve seen worse… and so will you.”
Vic closed his eyes and shook his head. He whispered to himself once more, “I’m not going back. I can’t go back.”
“You won’t have to. You’ll never walk among them again,” said Moxie in her most soothing voice. “And that couple, you’ll see them again tomorrow night. You can watch them partying and smiling. It’ll be easier for you. I’ve seen those two die a thousand different deaths. You can get used to it. Remember, you’re just the deliverer. You take them where they belong… home.”
Vic knew she was right. All of them, the skippers, they were all sinners and they chose their path. Just like the path Vic chose when he made his deal with the devil. Now, it was time to pay his debt; a cabbie and his passengers sharing the same sense of helplessness each night.
“So,” Moxie asked with a sly smile, “are you ready to take the wheel? There’s a lot more people that we need to take home tonight.”
Vic nodded and slid over into the driver’s seat as Moxie exited and walked around to the passenger’s door.

Home is where everyone wants to be. However, finding your way home becomes more and more difficult, the deeper you travel into Sin City. That is, unless you suddenly find yourself surrounded by the weak and wicked, immoral and immortal – and you finally feel like you belong. In that case, Hell is your home.

The END



Sympathy for the Son

 Some people have a natural tendency to be seduced by the darkness. Without direction, over the course of a lifetime, those influences can lead one to doubt their own humanity. Can you be sure in whose form you were created ~ A father in heaven or hell? In searching for a purpose in life, it might be suggested to resist those natural tendencies… or perhaps to embrace them and accept a predetermined damnation.

“I was spawned from the lustfulness of one whom many believe to be the darkest, most malevolent being known to this world. I was then released upon humanity with the expectations for weaving my own history of suffering, sorrow, and despair -- and I guess that’s why I’ve been branded another bastard child, another antichrist.”
Neither of the two men responds to my declaration, here in the upper stratosphere of the SpiritRealm, such a distance from the crimes I’ve committed. It is a distance measured in memories, not miles, and from this place it is hard to recall them as I drift further from the human world. Concentrating, I try to salvage the memories of a lifetime from which to build my defense.
An old man wearing a long, white robe with intricately detailed red stitching and trim carries my broken body. He lays me atop a thick, wooden beam, stretching my arms outward across a second perpendicular beam. Another man, draped in shadows, crouches on hind legs unwilling to look upon me.
“Since I am to be judged, I plead that my life be given full review, in its entirety, and that I am not made to suffer for mistakes made in moments of weakness. Look upon my life as you would appraise a river flowing through time and note the course of its surging current, not the trickling of unpleasant rivulets and tributaries.”
Heavy ropes are used to tie my wrists down to the beams and then my legs are crossed and secured as one by the ankles at the base of the wooden cross. I continue my story, as the old man wanders off in search of his tools.
“Under a brilliant harvest moon, I came into this world from the womb of an American jackal. My mother screamed as if something was dying instead of being born that night in the woods. Her lonely cries attracted several suitors. They stalked the perimeter bearing gifts for me, foodstuffs and playthings for distraction, while they courted my mother. She found time to share with them all. 
“I could only imagine how different our lives would be if my father had not left as quickly as he came. While I tried to garner my mother’s attention, she gathered herself a horde from the dregs of other failed packs. As a result, I was raised by cast offs, false uncles and brothers, pseudo-aunts and sisters, and felt no allegiance to their ragtag flock.
“Although unaccepted within their ranks, I was respected. They foresaw the monster growing within me. Mother said it reminded her of my father. I rarely spoke with her and only did so to prod with questions concerning my absent father; a subject she refused to entertain. Her snarls and grumbles only suggested that he was a selfish man who found so many things on this earth more interesting than her. She embedded a notion that he was the purest form of evil and wandered the world among his legion of sinners.”
The figure in the shadows grunts, acknowledging my version of the story, and yet he seems to express his scorn as well. With three iron nails and a hammer, the old man returns prepared to begin his duty. My only hope is to continue my account and pray it falls on sympathetic ears.
“Developing from pup to whelp, I formed a belief that my father’s abandonment was intended to strengthen my heart and mind; to prepare me for an existence in this cold, grim world. What he nurtured instead was a well of strength within me bred from my hatred for him. However, that hatred transformed into tears the moment I first met him.
“He sought me out in my tenth year. I was more animal than human back then; feral and ferocious, surviving on the warm, meaty parts of the rabbits, birds, and rodents I could ensnare. My father, in contrast, was a beacon of light and without restraint; I was instantly drawn to him. Like a lone wolf, he traveled the wilderness of the world, conducting business that dealt with the evil in the hearts of mankind. I envisioned his countless adventures, as I laid dormant in the dark corners of my existence.
“His visit was brief. I begged him not to leave, pleading with him to deliver me from this emptiness, but his devotion to his work was unwavering. There was so much work to be done in the world and there was no place for a child in it. He described a world of debauchery and wickedness that I found enticing.
“With his parting words, he confessed a disappointment in me. He anticipated that I would be, in some way, a reflection of him. It seemed queer to have expected as much without his guidance along the way.
“As a result, in the coming months, my childhood idleness was trampled to dust by a sudden and furious ambition. I pledged to make myself in my father’s image and began by abandoning my negligent mother to travel the world and walk among men.”
The old man drives the first of the nails, puncturing the tender palm of my left hand, pinning it in place at the edge of the beam. He proclaims, “In the name of your mother!” as I scream in phantom pain. Without tears, I continue my tale.
“To become an heir to the throne of the prince of darkness, I sacrificed my innocence, my dreams, myself. It may not have been a conscious effort initially, but I adopted his vices and committed his sins as told to me in legend. The violent acts I carried out were no worse than those atrocities man did to his own kind. I took what I needed, and what I wanted, from those without much to give. I was hell-bent on the act of mating, without intentions of propagating, and brought recently soiled virgins to tears. 
“Companions and minions, some prostitutes, some diseased, some disabled, gathered at my coattails, following me on a path that rivaled Sherman’s march to the sea. Deadly sins and holy commandments helped me forge the blueprint I used to create my vile legacy - one that my father could not ignore; one that would make my father’s eyes well up with pride. But when I was ready to broker a deal with the devil, I was unable to find him, nor the ecstasy which I thought that wicked path had promised to me.”
The old man steadies the second nail, and I can’t tell if he is indifferent or ignorant to my pathetic tale as he drives it through my right hand calling out, “In the name of your father!” I am unable to cry but if I could there would be a great flood, one that only Noah could claim familiar, released from behind these damned, dark eyes. Mired in pain and regret, I resume my plea for mercy, still speaking primarily to the man off in shadows.
“I’d grown tired of becoming an antichrist and all the glory and sorrow to which it entitled me. Each act of immorality pierced my mind like thorns, draining my strength and will. Turning my back to superficial desires, I began a pilgrimage in search of a simple life, replacing the joy of sadistic and narcissistic tendencies with a love of labor. I discovered some innate skills, talents for working with stone, metal, and especially wood. Building desks, bookcases, armoires, and even the framing of a house gave me a fulfillment for thirsts that long waited to be quenched. Domesticated or emasculated, either could be said, but from a long day of meaningful work I found a peaceful slumber each night that overcame the self-destructive rage within me. I slept well and I no longer slept alone.
“My woman was there as I secured the remaining ceiling joists for our new garage. It would attach to our home so that she could park her car and not have to walk around to the front door in bad weather or alone at night. It was just another comfort that I wanted to provide for the woman who was carrying my child. Only in the purity of her eyes could I understand the depths from which I had to rise to become worthy of her love.
“As the project neared completion, I’d swear the joist which I’d just fitted was secure, having done this work so many times before, yet as I leaned outward, the beam came loose and I fell to the concrete flooring poured just a week ago. She cringed and then collapsed at the crushing sound of my vertebrae and skull striking the ground. And that’s when he finally came for me.”
It is time for the final nail to be driven and the old man doesn’t hesitate as he slams the hammer down. He cries out, “In the name of your son!” My feet together are nailed to what I hope will be the base of this cross. It hurts as though my body is in pain but in truth, it is my soul that is now sentenced to the cross. It’s a soul which I never imagined to exist. The physical pain of the human world holds nothing of which I can compare to this suffering.
The old man lays down his hammer and stands back at a distance before the fallen angel rises and approaches me from the shadows upon cloven hooves. It is my father, the man that delivered my body to this realm and while doing so imparted to me the answers I so desperately craved. And so I listened and learned as he carried me from the world.
Did you know that angels dream? They are dreams of another sort but dreams none the less - although it was the nightmares that drove my father from heaven. His nightmares were horrifying images of mankind’s brutality, running on an endless loop. Bad news has a way of worming into the mind, negating the proliferation of natural beauty in the human world. Unable to see anything but the darkness within the human heart, my father knew that to quell his torment, vengeance would need to be served.
So the post of Satan was established to punish the wicked. It is a quality of human nature that, without consequences, people become the worst versions of themselves. So after centuries of war, decadence and betrayal, Satan the light-bearer became Satan the accuser. Forfeiting his place in heaven, he became the disciplinarian of mankind. That is my father’s work, which I didn’t understand until it was much too late. Now, my father is forced to deliver judgment upon my eternal soul, a fate I never wished for him.
I wait here, in the land of spiritual purgatory, to pay my penance in a system my father established eons ago. Just as those that my father sentenced before, I will remain here for three days from the time of my death. My chance for salvation depends upon the position of the cross. Raised, hanging upward, I will serve my time here and then will be granted passage to the kingdom of Heaven. Raised inverted, I will suffer the anticipation of an eternity in hell at the mercy of my father’s wrath. Satan leans down on his haunches, grasping the edge of the cross in his powerful claws, and then slowly lifts the wooden beam as I feel the blood of my spiritual body begin to flow.

 Most often, people decide who will be the judge of their actions. Whether it is out of respect, fear or adoration, it is still your choice. Of course if one simply chooses not to be judged, it should come as no surprise to find that a bitterly disappointing, final judgment may still await on the other side.

The END


Just Another Day

I pulled these old bones up this morning to begin another day. The closet was bare and I found all of my clothes were in dirty piles on the floor.
Randomly I chose a shirt and slacks and once dressed, I gathered my keys, watch, wallet, and phone. My wallet was thin and light, lying next to a handful of unpaid bills that I promised myself would be paid last week. After a glance at the alarm clock, it was obvious there wouldn’t be time for breakfast so I hurried to brush my teeth and get out the door.
A little bit of toothpaste, a touch of water, some scrubbing, spit, then rinse. It was all part of a routine I completed so often that I didn’t even think while doing it. Then, I looked into the mirror to be certain I was ready for the world. That’s when it occurred to me. It felt so silly to forget something so important, but gazing into the mirror there was no denying the truth.
It was there in my hollow eyes; written in my sunken cheeks and ashen, grey skin. Brushing back my long, white hair, I revealed to myself, once again, that I was dead.
The material world around me faded into my subconscious once more. The business attire, the toothbrush and sink, my bills, the alarm clock, and ultimately the entire room dissolved out of focus. Slowly they vanished, the mirror as well, leaving me with just the memory of my ghastly reflection.
None of it mattered anymore, as I slid back to rest in my tomb. And only then did it occur to me that for everything I worried about in life, the only thing I yearned for in my death was love.

The END

About the Author

A. J. Barry was formerly many things including a Floridian, 80’s metalhead, Army soldier, fraternity brother and someone with many excuses for not writing more often. Now he regularly sets aside time for creating stories which are intended to foster intelligent thought, interesting dialog, and a good dose of creepiness.
A. J. is currently a high school teacher and neophyte author that dreams of writing a better horror story. He lives in New Jersey with his wife, two children and numerous furry things.
If you enjoy his stories, please let him know at AJBarry923@yahoo.com or visit his website www.TheSpeculativeMIND.com. Encouraging words make the nightmares come more often. Thank you.

