



HIVE
By
Griffin Hayes



Smashwords Edition
Copyright © 2012 Griffin Hayes

Cover design by Kit Foster
Edited by Michelle Dear and Andrea Harding

ISBN 13: 978-0-9878068-4-0

All rights reserved, including the right to reproduce this book or portions thereof in any form whatsoever.

This is a work of fiction. Names, characters, places, and incidents either are the product of the author’s imagination or are used fictitiously, and any resemblance to actual persons, living or dead, business establishments, events, or locales is entirely coincidental.

This eBook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This eBook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. If you’re reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to Smashwords.com and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.



Also by Griffin Hayes


Novels
Malice
Dark Passage
Primal Shift
Nightfall

Novellas
Bird of Prey
Hive
Hive II
Hive III
The Neighbors

Short Stories
The Second Coming
The Grip
Fatherland



Chapter 1


“Whoever sealed this opening did it in one hell of a hurry,” I say, planting my hand firmly on the curve of my waist. My repeater is slung over my right shoulder, its weight digging into my back. That's good, because I know it’s right where it should be. I can have it in my hands in well under a second if I need to. 
Bron steps forward. Nearly three hundred pounds of raw muscle, but it's the robotic implants that usually draw most of the attention. Especially his arms, two polished chrome killing machines. “Looks more like a barricade to me.” 
The others stir uncomfortably and I know it doesn't have a damn thing to do with his thick Norse accent.
Pennies is fiddling with the cuff of his tunic. His eyes keep dropping to my breasts and I’m a second away from knocking his teeth straight into his nasal cavity. “What do you think they were trying to keep out?” he asks.
Ret, my second in command, is sitting on a nearby rock, watching a dark patch of clouds roll in. He's wiry and handsome, and more than one fellow Mercenary has taken those traits as a sign of weakness. A mistake they’ll never have the chance of repeating. 
“Have a look at the way those metal beams are welded together,” he says coolly, still watching those clouds, low and heavy on the horizon. “They weren’t trying to keep anything out. Whoever did this wanted to keep something inside, and badly.”
There’s a narrow opening below the tangle of beams, no more than few feet high. Keeper Oleg braces a hand on his knee and bends down to study the hole. “This was where the Prospectors entered from,” he proclaims. “I'm sure of it.”
Yeah, no shit it is. That’s the thought running through my head, right along with a savage thirst that's been building from the moment we left Sotercity. But as long as The Keepers are footing the bill, I don't have much choice but to keep a lid on it.
Keepers of Knowledge. They’ve been around since long before I was born. Formed during the end times – an era beyond memory, now – when an advanced civilization slowly self-destructed. They are tasked with gathering whatever scraps of knowledge and technology they can get their hands on. 
As a child, I remember the Keepers telling stories about cities swarming with hordes of monsters. They’d swept across the planet like a plague of locusts with an insatiable appetite. A single bite was enough to kill you or turn you into one of them. The Keepers said it had been a chemical in the water, supposed to calm the people down. But something had gone terribly wrong. It had taken years to destroy the monsters, and by then there wasn’t much left to save.
Civilizations rose and fell, and great ones usually died by their own hands. That's about all I know of history. All that really matters, I suppose.
Oleg stands watching me, then waves his hand dismissively at my men: Bron, Ret, Jinx –my temperamental explosives expert – and Sneak, my tunnel rat. “Hiring Mercenaries was Prior Skuld’s idea, not mine. Look around you. We’re surrounded by ruins just waiting to fall on people’s heads. A rescue mission requires the proper tools.”
Oleg is name-dropping now. He thinks that because the Prior runs The Keepers and The Keepers run Sotercity, we’re supposed to be scared. 
Bron clasps a massive beam in the jaws of one of his gleaming, metallic arms and lifts it with ease. “Is this tool good enough?”
I put a hand on Bron’s firm shoulder and he lowers the beam. Tact is in order, not quick tempers.
“Four Prospectors are missing,” I say, scanning the tiny hole that had been cut into the barricade, “and this is their last known location. Doesn’t look like much more than your run-of-the-mill, shake-and-bake operation. We do ‘em all the time. Head in, locate your boys and then hightail it out. One thousand USC each, ten for me since I’m leading this crew, and we all go our merry way.” 
USC. Units of sodium chloride. Fancy talk for tiny pouches of salt. Just don’t get caught out in the rain with it or you’re liable to lose a fortune. 
I pause to let this sink in, even though I’m sure he knows most of this already. “Besides,” I say. “Prior Skuld already signed the papers. If you think our fee is high now, just wait till you see what it costs to cancel. Now, as far as your partner goes, if you wanna bring Pennies along so he can keep an eye out for anything valuable, fine by me. But my team works fast and we work alone, so you all better keep up ‘cause Bron’s not gonna carry you.”
Bron flashes a mouthful of brown teeth. 
Oleg is spearing me with his icy stare, and we hear a voice shouting in the distance.
“Wait for me! Please! Please, wait!”
Ret lifts a pair of binoculars. “Azina, we got company. Grinder from Sotercity, by the looks of it.”
I grit my teeth. “Perfect.”
A Grinder is a term of endearment Ret coined for the hundreds of maintenance men laboring day in and day out to keep Sotercity from drowning in its own shit and dying of dehydration.  
Apparently, since the world went sliding down the crapper, things have become much simpler. At least that’s what the billboards say. 
Come to Sotercity for a Taste of the Good Old Days. 
There’s something here for everyone. You got yourself a big brain? Join The Keepers of Knowledge. What’s that, you say? You’re a greedy bastard? Become a Trader like Pennies. You got a fetish for squeezing into tiny holes looking for artifacts? I understand The Keepers are always looking for new Prospectors. Oh I get it. You like to work with your hands. Grunt work for little or no pay. Got it, not a problem, Public Works goes through Grinders like some people go through dirty tunics. But no, you want it all, don’t you? Then find yourself a trusty weapon – they’re lying around all over the place – and start freelancing as a hired gun. 
Sounds like one of those damn brochures they’re handing out on every corner, I know. But it’s true. 
Ret’s still got the binoculars to his eyes. “It’s Glave,” Ret says, snarling. “Rosaline’s husband.”
I snatch the binoculars and watch the man stumble over a boulder and fall flat on his face. I turn to Oleg. “A panicked husband searching for his Prospector wife is the last thing we need. Send him home.”
Oleg chuckles. “Worry doesn’t suit you, Azina. You said so yourself; this job is a cake walk. The Keepers are paying you a lot of money. I’m afraid you’ll just have to roll with the punches.”
I sigh. So much for tact. I wanna spit so bad, but my mouth is too dry.



Chapter 2


We squeeze through the tiny hole. Oleg curses under his breath as he snags and tears his long, crimson robe on a nail. I'm behind him, cursing myself at what an unwieldy group we are. Sightseers and tourists mean this is turning into a babysitting job, not a rescue mission, and I'm tempted to call the whole thing off; but the truth is I need the money more than I care to admit. I duck under a cracking concrete slab and I’m hit right away by the silence. 
The place is quiet. Too quiet.
“Gimme a light!” I shout, hoping to drive away the ominous feeling that’s creeping into my bones. 
Sneak scurries up and hands me a florescent glow stick. I bend it back and forth until it snaps. The room fills with glowing green light. We're in a sewer system; I can tell by the concrete walls and rusted metal pipes overhead. Relics from a bygone era. Murky, brown water sloshes about our feet. The smell is too foul for Pennies, and he buries his nose into the neck of his tunic.
Bron lets out a bellowing laugh. "Maybe you’d prefer to be back home, counting your money. To me this smells like breakfast.” 
 Just then Bron stumbles over a dead rat and lets out a noise that sounds like a whimper. Now Pennies is the one laughing. “Looks like you found your breakfast after all,” the Trader says.
Bron throws Pennies a menacing look. The big man doesn't like it nearly as much when the joke is on him.
I stop in front of the dead rat. Or is it a cat?
 Whatever this once was, it isn’t just dead, something has turned it inside out.
“Do you think one of the Prospectors might’ve done this?” Oleg asks.
Ret shakes his head. “Not unless they’ve taken to eating the uncooked flesh of sewer rats.”
We don't get more than a few yards before we find more mangled corpses. None are larger than small dogs and all have been ripped apart. A few are little more than mounds of bones peeking out from the putrid water.
Jinx wipes the sweat from his brow. He’s got enough explosives in his pack to drop and seal this tunnel for the next thousand years, and from here it looks like he’s fighting the urge to do just that. “These floating meat bags were caught and killed before the Prospectors cut their way in here,” Jinx says. 
For once, I have to admit he doesn't sound so sure of himself. “Why’s that?” I ask.
“Well, for one, we ain’t found nothin’ bigger than a house cat. Which is strange considering there’s no shortage of wolves and cougars roaming through No Man’s Land. Surely some of ‘em would’ve wandered in.”
Bron cracks his own glow stick. “But some of these are half-eaten.”
“Maybe there’s something wrong with the meat,” I say, diverting my eyes from the pulverized flesh. “Look at where these rats are living. Drinking this shit-water all day, I can guarantee they don’t taste like the chicken we're used to in Sotercity.”
 “Did you have to mention chicken?” Ret asks. “I can hear Bron’s stomach rumbling from here. How many full chickens was it you ate at the fair last year? Twelve?”
“Twenty-six,” Bron mumbles. “I was in bed with a bellyache for a week. That Dehlia, I swear she rubs some kind of drug into those little chicken bodies.”
I pull to a stop. A clump of what looks like hair rests on a dry patch of concrete.  Strapped to my back is a twenty-eight-inch Katana, and I nudge it from its sheath and use the tip to scoop up the mound. I hold it up high and the others look on in disgust. There’s some kind of netting underneath and the hair is stuck to it. I look at Ret, and he moves in beside me. “What do you make of this?” 
He shakes his head. “I’d say someone was scalped, but I don’t see any flesh or any knife marks.”
Oleg snickers behind us. “It’s a wig.” 
“A what?”
Oleg sighs. In his world, Mercenaries are nothing more than barbarians, and it's starting to show. I pretend not to notice.
“Before the end times, wealthy citizens bought hair if they didn’t have any of their own or if they wanted to change the way they looked.”
Bron erupts into thunderous laughter and rubs the smooth top of Pennies’ head. “Why don’t we give it to Pennies? His head’s as bald as a baby’s bare ass.”
Pennies swats Bron’s thick hand away.
“Could it have belonged to one of the Prospectors?” I ask.
Oleg snickers and now I really want to kick his head in. “You’re looking at a museum piece. Judging by the cut, it probably belonged to an upper-class woman.”
“A wealthy woman who liked to hang around in sewers?” Ret asks. “Makes perfect sense. Anybody else wondering what we’ve got ourselves into?”
Something catches Pennies’ eye. He reaches down and comes up with two twinkling stones, each hanging from a tiny hook.
“Earrings,” Oleg proclaims. “And by the looks of them, they’re quite expensive.”
Pennies’ eyes are shining. He slips the jewels into the pocket of his tunic.
“Leave it to Pennies to sniff out the valuable stuff. You’re lucky we’re on a rescue mission, or I’d have to confiscate those.”
“Don’t be bitter, Bron,” Ret warns. “You’ll get yours. Maybe hanging out in sewers was a favorite pastime for rich people back before the world sent itself to hell.”
“Yeah, or maybe Pennies just found the only good stuff in the whole stinkin’ place.”
I trudge through the muck and the bickering fades behind me, while an uneasy feeling that I can't quite shake builds inside me. Mutilated rats, killed for the sake of killing. Rich people running around in putrid sewer systems, leaving artifacts behind. It isn't making a whole lot of sense. A little voice is telling me to turn around. It's low and muted, but it's there and I usually listen to that voice; but then another chimes in, and this new voice is talking about a large sum of money I owe and the cost of forfeiting payment. In the silence, the second voice is louder. 



Chapter 3


I raise my hand and the group halts. The tunnel breaks off in two different directions up ahead. Ret comes and crouches by the foul-smelling water. He's the best Tracker I've ever worked with, but in a watery cesspool, I don't hold high hopes he'll come up with much of a trail. 
Sneak’s looking at me and I sign to her with the fingers of my right hand. She races off down the tunnel and disappears. 
Chained to a Trader's cart. That's where I found Sneak. She was mute and had the body of a child, though her eyes told me she was at least twice as old as she looked. The Trader, a prick named Lars, had been in the throes of beating her for snatching a handful of bread from his duffel bag. She was quick and agile, and by all accounts she didn't deserve to spend the rest of her life tied to a cart, especially one owned by a Trader who was too dimwitted to see the girl's true talents. 
Somewhere, a rumor had started that I'd shoved that Trader's prick into his gaping mouth right before I’d put a round between his eyes. Maybe I’d told the story that way myself, a time or two. Hard to keep track, sometimes. This new world that had emerged wasn’t exactly kind to us women, if you know what I mean. Regardless, earning your right to lead a motley band of Mercs always starts with rule number one: Never show your soft side. 
The far less heroic truth is that I’d bought Sneak's freedom for fifteen thousand USC. Which is why I desperately need the ten thousand I'm getting from this job. For a reason that never made much sense to me, a purchased slave has the same rights as an earthworm. A slave freed in a bankruptcy sale, on the other hand, has all the rights in the world. There's logic in there somewhere, I guess. I’m just never able to find it. 
“They went right,” Pennies says, pointing, and you can see it in his face he's still glowing from the bejeweled earrings he found earlier. 
“What makes you so sure?” Ret asks, looking skeptical. 
Pennies points to a white hash mark on the dirty tunnel wall. “A good Prospector always marks his route. Just common sense.”
I slide two fingers into my mouth and let out a sharp whistle for Sneak. We continue down the sewer tunnel on the right. 
Glave is pulling up the rear, pointing into the darkness behind us. “What about–”    
“Sneak?” I finish.
Glave lets out a skittish cry as Sneak runs a hand up his back. Bron's bellowing laugh nudges a smile onto my face.  
“Lucky for you, Sneak don’t have a mind for thievin’,” Bron says, “or she'd have your wallet before you knew it was gone.” 
In the distance, broken patches of green light dance around an archway. Twisted remnants of an old, metal door are lying askew on the ground. Across the front, letters are inscribed in the old tongue. 
Jinx is fingering the pin on one of the concussion grenades tied to his belt. “That dead language always spooks me,” he says.
“Oleg, what does it say?”
He studies the letters. They’re peeling and frayed with time. “Boiler Room. Leads to an old boiler room.” He must see our blank stares. With as much patience as a cranky old school master, he explains. “Pipes and large machinery that were used for heating. The larger the building, the larger the boiler room. Electronic computing devices were doing most of the work by the end.”
“Thanks for the history lesson,” Bron says. “But what does it mean?”
I step inside to the suffocating odor of oil and grease. “It means we're heading in the right direction.”



Chapter 4


We find the body lying face down beside what looks like a giant, black water heater. Glave pushes through us and collapses before the body, sobbing. 
“Bron,” I snap. 
The big man scoops Glave up by his tunic. Glave’s arms and legs cycle wildly as he's lifted out of the way. Oleg is beside the body, and Jinx and a reluctant Pennies help turn it over. 
“Calm yourself, Glave,” Oleg says. “It’s not your wife. Guy’s face is covered in blood, but even I can tell this Prospector’s male.”
“His legs!” Pennies shouts. “Where are they?”
Jinx nods. ”Must’ve been blown off.”
Strips had been torn from the man's tunic and tied around the stumps to stem the bleeding. White shards of bone protrude from each stump. His legs, or what’s left of them, are hard to look at.
“Damn fools,” Jinx spits. “Must’ve happened when they blew the door.”
Ret kneels down next to the man. “Hold on! He’s not dead.” 
“What nonsense is this?” Oleg asks. 
Ret might not be as learned and knowledgeable as Oleg, but he’s the medic for our group. There's no one’s judgment I trust more, but right now I have to seem impartial. “Can we save him?” I ask.
“Hard to say.” He's looking up at me and it's clear as day he knows I'm playing the politician. “Guy’s got a pulse. It’s faint as hell, but it’s there.”
Oleg has an indignant look on his face. It’s obvious he’s not a big fan of being shown up, especially by his inferiors. 
Ret pulls the six-inch knife from the sheath on his vest and holds it under the Prospector’s nose. The blade fogs. Oleg storms off. The old man’s pride isn’t sitting well with me. That sort of thinking down here can get people hurt or killed.
Ret gets to work tending to the man’s wounded legs. It isn't long before he waves me over. “I’ve never seen anything like this before.” His voice is low, and I lean in, and he must see the puzzled look on my face. “Jinx was dead wrong,” he continues. “His legs weren’t blown off in an explosion. They were eaten.”



Chapter 5


“Oh, come now,” Oleg starts. “The Prospector stepped on an explosive. Didn’t your own man say that?”
“He did.” I concede. “But the bones sticking out from his legs have obvious teeth marks.”
Ret stands. “And that’s not all.” He's holding the twelve-shot pistol that Prospectors use to fend off thieves and wild dogs. “His gun is empty.”
Pennies looks shaken. “Bullets aren’t cheap,” says the Trader. “No self-respecting Prospector I know would fire a shot unless he had to.”
“Spoken like a true cheapskate,” Bron adds, flashing those rotting chompers of his. 
Oleg looks hesitant. “Let’s not draw any hasty conclusions. For all we know, this man could have been shooting at the rats gnawing on his legs.”
“You mean the same rats turned inside out not fifty yards back?” Jinx replies. 
There’s a look on Oleg’s face that says he doesn't care one bit for Jinx’s sarcasm. 
This bickering is really pissing me off. “Is he stable enough to move? Yes or no?”
Ret hesitates and then nods. 
“Bron, stop bothering Pennies and carry this guy.”
Bron grumbles and scoops up the Prospector, as if he were a sack filled with goose down. 
I realize I’m about to err on the side of caution, and I signal to Ret and Jinx. They draw their weapons: a multi-barreled grenade launcher for Jinx, and a hundred-round automatic shotgun for Ret. 
Ret says he came upon the shotgun in a camouflaged bunker in the desert. It was lying in the skeletonized hands of a man dead more than a hundred years. The bastard was sitting on more ammo than he’d ever need, and perhaps out of despair or loneliness, he’d used it on himself. 
It's hard to say what drives men in desperate times, and harder still to judge the decisions they make. In his day, the world outside was swarming with the worst kind of bloodthirsty monsters. Those must have been bleak times indeed, and thinking about it now, I'm still not entirely sure how humanity managed to pull through. 



Chapter 6


The man in Bron’s arms starts to moan, and I can't tell if he's about to keel over or wake up from whatever Ret gave him to ease the pain. “Can someone tell this guy to shut up?” Bron pleads.
Ret smirks. “I doubt those arms of yours make a comfortable bed.”
The Prospector’s cheeks are dark and sunken. His body begins to convulse. “I don’t think our friend here’s going to make it,” Bron says.
There’s a dusty control panel up ahead, and Ret points to it. “Take him over there and I’ll have another look at him.”
I wipe off a deep layer of dirt and grime with my sleeve, and Bron plops the Prospector on a bed of old buttons and levers. His body is flopping about like a fish out of water. With one hand, Bron holds him down. 
“I don’t understand,” Ret says. There’s a disturbed look on his face I've never seen before. “His legs, they’re healing.”
I look and see that he’s right. Since we’d examined him, the loose flaps of shredded flesh around the man’s severed legs had fused together. Only the tiniest hint of bone is still showing. I look at Oleg. “What do you make of this?”
Oleg comes so close his nose is almost buried in the man’s festering stump.  “I need more light,” he demands. 
I bring the glow stick closer. He stands there for a moment, transfixed. “Magnificent!” he exclaims. “I didn’t think it was possible. The wounds are closing before my eyes.”
Jinx is shaking his head. “I find that hard to believe.”
“See for yourself,” Oleg says, a defensive look on his face. 
Jinx turns to survey the perimeter. He’s not crazy about blood, and is too proud to tell Oleg anything of the sort. An odd sort of affliction, given that his chosen profession centers around blowing people apart. 
I snap myself back into the moment. “So he’ll live, then.”  
Ret and Oleg both nod. 
Bron groans. 
“We need to take him back to Sotercity right away.” There's a fire in Oleg’s eyes, and for a moment, he almost looks younger.
“What about the others?” I protest. 
“We’ll come back.” 
“Rosaline can’t wait that long.” It's Glave, and he has an almost feral glint in his eye. “Look at the one guy we’ve found so far. His legs were eaten off, and you want me to believe my wife can just wait?”
“Glave's right,” I say. “No one’s leaving. For all we know, there are three other Prospectors in much worse shape.”
Oleg’s face sharpens into a scowl. He’s about to raise another objection when the wounded Prospector’s eyes snap open. Two glowing, white orbs cut streamers of light through the darkness. There's a gurgling or a growling sound coming from the back of his throat. His mouth stretches open and reveals a foul, blackened gullet. In a flash, his hands swing wildly to grab the first thing in reach. It’s my luck that thing just happens to be my head. The Prospector’s vise-like grip is ripping my skull from the rest of my body. Thunderbolts of pain fire through my neck and head.



Chapter 7


My arms hammer down into the soft bends of his elbows, but nothing happens. I see what he's trying to do. He's pulling my face toward his festering jaws. They smell like rancid meat. Bron closes his metal hands around the Prospector’s neck and squeezes. The sound of snapping bone is sharp and brutal. Blood bursts through his mechanical fingers. A thick and syrupy blood-soup pours from the Prospector’s mouth, but he's not letting go. 
I pull the Katana off my back and swing it down on the man’s head in a single, graceful arc. The blade slices through bone and brain, and stops when it makes contact with Bron’s hand. Twisting the blade, I split the Prospector’s head in two and it falls to the floor.
I stagger backwards, fighting the urge to rub the sides of my head. I don’t want to let on how much it really hurts. For a moment, everything looks like a shadowy blur.
Ret rushes to my side. He's checking to see if I'm okay. “Bron, what took you so goddamn long?” 
Bron's looking down at his blood-soaked hand in disbelief. “They usually drop when I hear that crunch.” A second later, Ret’s barbed comment seems to register. “I didn’t see you do much of anything, pretty boy.”
“Because I didn’t have a shot.”
“Well how about next time a guy with glowing eyes tries to–”
“Stop it!” I shout. “Both of you!” 
The two men silence at once. 
“Can anyone tell me what the hell just happened?” I eyeball each of them. “Ret, did you give him an adrenaline shot?”
Ret throws his arms in the air. “Don’t look at me. All I did was tie off some tourniquets.”
Bron is flicking a lump of flesh off his hand. “I don't get it either. I was sure I felt his neck snap.”
I sheath my Katana. “Oleg?”
The old man looks shaken. He’s mumbling to himself, and I’m sure he’s praying to Newton or Copernicus or one of the other gods they’re always blabbing on about.
Pennies has wedged himself behind some old heating pipes about fifteen feet away. He holds out a hand to Sneak, and she slaps his hand away. 
Jinx grabs the Trader by the arm and pulls him to his feet. “She doesn’t like your kind," he says with a wink. "Don’t take it too personal. And if I were you, I'd keep my eye on those jewels of yours.” 
Pennies pats himself furiously and checks for the earrings. It’s only when he plucks them from his pocket a second later that a look of calm settles over him. 
I spear Oleg with my eyes. “Those old stories The Keepers are always so eager to tell about cities swarming with monsters. What did they call them?”
 “The Volgoroth.” Oleg’s voice sounds grim.
As a young girl, I remember playing Monsters and Keepers with the other kids. My father used to call them shitsacks, and I was never quite sure why. You didn’t need to hear more than a few stories to realize these things had been soulless killers, and zombie – or Zee for short – seemed as good a name as any. 
I see a light go on in Ret’s eyes. “Volgoroth. You make ‘em sound like a race of people when all they were was a disease.” 
Oleg opens his mouth to say something, but I cut him off. “A disease that was wiped out. I mean, that’s what I’d been taught as a child, that the hordes of Volgoroth had been driven back and exterminated.”
There’s a rusted chair beside a row of old pipes and Oleg settles into it. “Driven back yes, and untold numbers of them were destroyed.”
“But not all of ‘em,” Jinx adds. 
“The cities.” Oleg’s eyes look tired, as if he wants nothing more than to sleep for a hundred years. “That was where they came from, and in the end, that was where many of them were driven. Our ancestors believed that the people infected by the tainted water would eventually die off. As far as I’m concerned, they have.” Oleg’s head sinks into his hands, and it’s clear that he’s not nearly as convinced as he lets on. 



Chapter 8


Even in the dim light of the control room, I can see Glave’s hands trembling. 
“I don’t know why we’re wasting time on this,” he complains. “My wife could be just around the next corner. Isn’t this supposed to be a rescue mission, or do I have to go it alone?”
“Be my guest,” Bron says, sweeping his arm to show Glave the way. 
Glave mutters under his breath and storms ahead. 
“We should follow him,” Ret whispers in my ear. “We can’t let him wander off, even if he is just an idiot Grinder.” 
I agree. 
As we make ready to leave, Bron flings the Prospector’s corpse into the corner. What just happened has affected us all. I can see the fear on Pennies’ face, and Oleg is showing signs of fatigue. I’d bet the old man hasn’t walked this much in his whole life. I motion forward and we press on. There’s an access tunnel ahead. 
Glave’s there, standing in the damp passage, crying. I want to reach out and comfort him. I know what it’s like to lose someone you love. Inside, he’s still soft. Hasn’t built up a hard shell yet. He will, eventually. Emotional pain and heartache in large enough doses act like anesthesia for the soul. I try to tell myself the men that follow me aren’t my family, that Sneak means nothing to me, but I’m not having much luck believing it. 
The access tunnel seems to go on forever. Framed light fixtures are built into the wall, but it’s clear they stopped working years ago. Jinx is saying something behind me. 
“We need to protect our rear.”
I agree. “What do you propose?”
He holds a proximity mine over my shoulder. “But we’ll only use a few of ‘em,” he promises. “That way, anything tries to sneak up on us will have one hell of a surprise.”
Jinx has been itching to play with his toys since we arrived, but he has a point. I’m not sure what drove that Prospector mad, but the eerie glow from his eyes is still fresh in my mind, along with the throbbing headache that’s accompanying my thirst. I should have brought more than a flask of whiskey. I got cocky. Again.
Up ahead I see something. The others are close behind and I can hear Bron grunting. He’s about to start complaining again, which is good because I only worry about him when he’s quiet. 
The tunnel comes to an end, and from here it looks like it opens into a much larger space. We haven’t seen a sign of anyone since the boiler room, and I’m getting worried we won’t be finding much more than a pile of corpses.



Chapter 9


Ret, Bron and I draw our weapons. Even Pennies is clutching his little semi-automatic pistol. Jinx is behind us, setting his proximity mines. I take a second to make sure everyone’s accounted for and we move on. 
We enter an open area with high ceilings, once covered with paintings, now blackened and crumbling. Just ahead is a thick, wooden railing which overlooks several lower levels. On either side of us are abandoned shops. Mounds of dirty and rotting clothes lay fallen near each entrance. Used to be some kind of indoor market, is my guess. 
“Hey get a load of this,” Bron calls out. He’s holding what looks like a matted coat made from animal fur. “This whole place is full of ‘em.”
“Bron, quite messing around,” I say, “and keep your eyes peeled for those Prospectors. Where are we, Oleg?”
Oleg tears his eyes way from Bron’s windfall and scans our surroundings. “Looks like we’ve entered a shopping mall.” 
Ret and the others throw him puzzled looks. Oleg points above one of the shops to a series of damaged signs with missing letters. “Louis Vuitton.” And then others. “Ralph Lauren... Chanel. These were places women of society and the well-to-do shopped for clothing and goods. During certain times of the year, thousands of people would be here at the same time, rushing around and fighting each other to buy gifts.”
“Touching,” I say, “but it still doesn’t explain why Prospectors were snooping around in here. Traders, like Pennies, I get, ‘cause they’re only interested in turning a profit. But Prospectors work for Keepers, and Keepers gather knowledge and technology. So, why would a group of Prospectors risk their lives to find a bunch of old stores?”
“I’m not sure,” he says, and I can smell the lie from here. 
I look at Glave. His wife was one of them, and maybe he knows something, but he’s got a beaten look on his face and that tells me he’s not gonna be much help. 
Bron is pointing to a shop with glass cases flanking the doorway. “What’s the name of that one?”
Oleg squints. “Cartier. Why?”
“Cause Pennies just ran inside.”
Crap! I knew this was gonna happen. Another reason I hate Traders, they’re always running off to fill their pockets. “Dammit, wait here,” I bark, and take off running. I can see my hands wrapping around Pennies’ scrawny neck, shaking him senseless. I sure as hell didn’t sign up for this. 
Broken glass crunches under my feet as I clear the doorway. I’m not sure what Cartier used to sell, but it must have been worth a ton for Pennies to run off on his own. 
Rows and rows of display cases. That’s what I see. Most of them are intact, but there’s too much dust and debris to tell what I’m looking at. Ten feet away, I catch Pennies’ head pop up from behind one of the cases. He’s trying to shatter the display glass with the butt of his pistol and I can tell he’s afraid of getting a shard in his eye. Pussy.
“Pennies, are you a damned idiot?” He knows straight away I’m pissed as hell, and he looks up at me like a frightened animal. “You already got your loot, greedy bastard. I oughta leave you behind.”
He points at his stash. “Do you see what this is?” There’s an intense lust in his eyes. “Enough gems in here to buy every square inch of Sotercity.”
With my light, I catch something blue twinkling at me. Maybe Pennies has a point. But owning all of Sotercity isn’t on my to-do list. Only thing I care about is paying Lars back and having a little left over. Looking at Pennies, I raise my repeater, stock over the glass case and that’s when I hear Ret. He’s peering into the doorway and the look on his face spells one thing. Trouble.



Chapter 10


By the time we reach the others it’s too late. Bron’s got both of his 20mm cannons aiming down that black tunnel we came through moments before, ready to unleash holy hell. Something’s coming at us in a dead run, and I can hear it hissing and shrieking and the hairs on the back of my neck stand on end. I can’t see a thing, but I can tell there’s more than one; a lot more. Whatever comes out of that darkness, Ret and Jinx are ready to blow it away. Pennies is next to me, grasping his pea shooter like it’ll do him any good, his face full of fear and determination. 
I remember Jinx’s proximity mines and realize our blunder. A hissing shape nearly makes it into the light when the mines go off. All of them at once. Knowing Jinx, he’s stacked way more than he should have. Fire, smoke, and ancient concrete dust come billowing out. The tunnel acts as a rifle barrel, firing chunks of rock and concrete. I hear a deafening clanging sound as a rock bounces off one of Bron’s arms. Savage grunts are coming from inside the tunnel. Some of them aren’t quite dead. 
Then the ground begins to shake as the tunnel collapses in on itself. Dust is flying everywhere. It’s hard to breathe, and I grab Sneak and pull her away from the growing cloud. Ret is waving his hands in front of his face to clear the air. We all retreat a few yards to let everything settle, including our minds. 
A minute later we assemble inside the Cartier shop.  I notice Pennies’ eyes darting back and forth. Bron doesn’t know there are jewels worth a fortune right under his nose and you can tell Pennies wants to keep it that way. 
Glave keeps running his hands through his hair like he’s looking for something he lost. 
“We’re trapped,” he says. “You went and blew up our only way out, and now we’re trapped.”
“Glave relax,” I say. “You’re not doing anyone any good right now.”
“The noise coming from that tunnel,” he says. “Did anyone else hear that?” 
I feel my temperature rise. 
“That awful sound they were making! Oh my wife. My poor, poor wife.”
I can’t take it anymore.
I stand in his face and point away from the group. “If you’re not going to help, stay out of our way.” 
Glave disappears into a corner of the shop.
These people want to act like children, I have no problem treating them like children. 
Part of me wants to lay into Jinx real bad, but the truth of it is he ran that mine idea by me, and I okayed it. This was my fault. I look at Ret and the others. “Did anyone see what they were?”
“It was too dark,” Ret answers. “But we heard ‘em, and call me crazy, but they sounded an awful lot like our Prospector friend who tried to take your head off.”
I can still feel where the fleshy parts of his fingers had buried into my skull. 
“This place might be crawling with them.” Bron says and he almost sounds excited by the idea.
I shrug. “There’s no way of knowing, but one thing’s for sure. We’re not alone.”
There’s a noise from the back of the store and every weapon snaps to attention. It’s Glave, and he looks like he’s just seen a ghost, and something inside tells me it has nothing to do with the arsenal pointing at his face. 



Chapter 11


Glave’s gesturing behind him, his face as pale as the concrete dust still swirling around outside. I signal to Bron and Ret, and we move to the back of the shop. Jinx stays with Sneak and the others. We come to a desk and behind that is a curtain. Glave’s still pointing and I push him out of the way. 
I’m sure Jinx is itching to join us, but close quarters is no place for big bangs. We snake behind the counter and I inch the curtain back with the barrel of my repeater. My glow stick fills a room that looks like it might have been a rest area for the shop workers. Four figures stand huddled together. From here it looks like they’re asleep. Their clothes are torn, but expensive looking, and it reminds me of those old pictures the Keepers always show us of rich people decked out for balls and fancy dinner parties. Not a care in the world. The two men are in black suits they used to call tuxedos, and the women are in silk dresses. Their skin looks brown and wrinkled like a rotting piece of meat and a word pops into my head:
Shitbag.
The dress on the woman closest to me is clinging to her body, caked in blood,  and I can’t tell if it’s her blood or someone else’s. I see her lips and I have my answer. A thick trail of gore, or something that looks like it, is all over the lower half of their faces and dripping down their chins. By their feet is what looks like a rat, and there isn’t much of it left, except some bones and even those have been picked clean. 
I raise my hand to give the signal to back away and the woman’s eyes snap open. I can see them glowing, and the light they’re emitting is pointed straight at us. She hisses, and when her mouth opens I can see that it’s black. We back away and the curtain swings closed, but I can hear them coming and I see the lights from their eyes dancing around the edges of the fabric wall between us. 
The woman runs into the curtain and tears it off the wall. I pull the trigger on my repeater and watch thumbnail-sized holes riddle her body through the curtain. She drops at my feet. 
Then Bron opens up with his 20mm cannons, and I’m nearly deafened by the noise. Huge chunks of plaster and splinters of wood go flying. I see one zombie’s face explode. Another’s head is severed at the neck by a shell. The head rolls to the ground, its teeth still gnashing at dead air. 
I feel a hand on me and look down to see the woman I dropped a second ago. She’s clawing at my leg, and her dress has come off, and now all she’s wearing is a diamond necklace. There isn’t any room for the Katana, but I have a six-inch blade tucked into my boot and I shove it in her eye. She stops moving for good after that. 
A second later, Bron stops shooting. I can see his chest heaving, and his eyes are filled with bloodlust. Ret, standing behind him, never got a chance to fire a single shot. 
“The head,” I say to Bron. “You can do whatever you want to the rest of ‘em, but they don’t die till you shoot ‘em in the brain.”
The room is calm except for the severed head, which is gnashing wildly at empty air. This time I use the Katana. 
When I turn back toward the front of the shop I see Sneak, and I know by the look on her face that something bad is about to happen. We make it back to Jinx and the others. Glave looks like he just wants to go home, wife or no wife. I don’t blame him. The rescuers are now the ones who need rescuing. That’s when I discover what it is that’s got Sneak so spooked. 



Chapter 12


Hissing. And bare feet. Dozens, maybe hundreds, crunching through the rot and debris that’s littering the entire shopping plaza. I rush to the door and shine my light. There’s nothing to see, but there’s at least one level below us, and from where I’m standing it sounds like they’re coming from there. “We’re about to have company,” I say. “And lots of it.”
The barrels of Bron’s 20mm guns are glowing red hot. “I say we stay and fight.”
“Noble,” I say. “But I’m not interested in being anyone’s lunch. Besides, we came here to find lost Prospectors and I intend to do just that.”
Ret pipes up. “Azina, I hate to be the bearer of bad news, but those Prospectors are probably all dead.”
Sneak’s banging on the wall by the doorway and signing madly with one hand. She’s telling me she can see them and we don’t have any more time to argue. 
“There must be another door,” Ret says, scanning our surroundings for some sort of way out. 
I head toward the back of the shop. “Oleg, you’re the historian. Do these shops have a back exit?”
Oleg’s face is blank; I know he can hear the noises outside and it’s preventing him from thinking clearly. 
I head to the room at the back of the shop. One of Bron’s shells has punched a hole the size of my fist in the back wall, and I can feel a trickle of air coming through it. 
“Azina,” I hear someone calling. “Whatever you’re doing, make it fast.”
I follow the vent up toward the ceiling, and overhead is a metal grate. I put one foot on a shelf and climb up. I use my knife like a pry bar and the grate falls to the floor. It’s big enough to hold a man. I just hope it’s enough to hold Bron. 
“Up here!” I shout, but the words are drowned out by gunfire. I climb down. The others are using the shop counter as a firing platform. A handful of dark-faced Zees are streaming into the store, and I can see more close behind. 
I grab Sneak and motion to the vent. Glave is next, then Pennies and Oleg. Now it’s only me, Jinx, Ret and Bron left. The stream of Zees goes from a trickle to a flood and they jam the doorway. The few who managed to make it inside are either dead or headless. 
“Wait here till Jinx and Ret are up,” I tell Bron. “Then it’s your turn.”
“What about you?” he asks. 
“I’m last, as always.”
Ret slides in, and Jinx winks and throws me a grenade. I catch it and slide it into my pocket. “Bron, you’re up.”
He rolls out of position and I take his place. He gets about halfway up the shelf when the glass at the front of the shop shatters, and a tsunami of hissing gray-faced Zees comes pouring in. There are too many of them for my repeater to be much use. I glance back. Bron’s nearly through, and I can see the vent dipping under his weight. If it comes down on top of this horde, it’s all over. 
I pull out the grenade, pop the pin, and toss it in front of me. The Zees don’t care one bit and keep charging. I duck into the back room and feel the ground shake as it goes off. Shrapnel flies in all directions, even at the vent leading out over the shop. I hear a scream from inside. Someone’s been hit, but there’s no time to worry about that now. Screaming’s good. Means they’re still alive. 
I grab onto the vent opening and start pulling myself in. I’m dangling in mid-air when I see the room fill with Zees. They look like they’re dressed for a cocktail party. One man has what looks like a monocle dangling from his jacket. They’re grabbing at my feet with their hands. I’m kicking them off as best I can and trying to find something to hold onto when I feel the bite. One of those fuckers has my ankle in his mouth and the pain is excruciating. I look down and can’t believe what I see. The bastard who has my leg is a Warden – a member of the Prior’s personal bodyguard. What the hell?
I kick him off and struggle the rest of the way into the shaft. Up ahead, it sounds like aluminum sheet metal bending back and forth. Everyone’s inching forward through some sort of air duct, and none of us have the slightest idea where we’re heading. 



Chapter 13


We make slow progress and I can’t help but feel the tiny walls closing in around me. Below us, the Zees are hissing and moaning something awful. My only hope is that they’re too stupid to clamber up into the vent after us. 
Then another thought occurs to me. What on Earth sent that horde swarming toward us in the first place? Was it the sound of Bron’s heavy guns? Maybe, but the mine detonation and tunnel cave-in had been so much louder. This job was supposed to be a cake walk. That’s the way Prior Skuld had pitched it. “Should be run-of-the-mill, for an experienced crew like yours.” He was smiling at the time, too, and I thought the expression on his weathered face was betraying a secret admiration. If we make it out of this alive, Prospectors or not, this job's gonna cost double. 
Without warning, the vent takes a forty-five degree dip and I can hear them sliding down. This isn’t good. Down isn’t where we want to go. I hear a thud, and someone cries out, and I’m sure I know what’s happened. “One at a time!” I shout ahead. “Or you’ll get your head rammed up someone’s ass.”
Bron’s in front of me, laughing, and the vent starts wobbling even more. 
Now it’s my turn to slide, and there’s so much debris the trip down’s not nearly as fun as I thought it would be. 
It doesn’t take us long to reach the end of the air duct. Everyone’s touching ground and dusting themselves off. Oleg’s robe has gone from mostly red to mostly black. Even his face looks like someone powdered it with crushed coal. 
By the looks of it, we’ve gone down at least two levels. I scan the surroundings. Open space. Low ceilings. More shops on both sides. On the dirty floor, mixed in with the debris, is a sign that looks like it once hung from a pair of hooks on the wall. I point at it, and Oleg wipes off the dirt with a bare hand. 
“Food Court,” he says. “Where in heaven’s name have you led us, Azina?”
I’m not feeling nearly as diplomatic as I was before. “Led you? I didn’t lead you anywhere. You were more than welcome to stay behind with those things.”
Then the burning pain in my ankle makes me think of that dark-faced Keeper zombie. “How long have you known about this place?” 
He gives me a blank stare.
“This complex. How long has the Order known about it?”
“We didn’t. Those four Prospectors had been the first to discover it, and that couldn’t have been more than a handful of days ago.”
I don't believe him. The others are watching us and I can see the worried look on Ret’s face. “That horde that charged the store. Mixed in with ‘em was what looked like a Warden Captain. He was one of ‘em. Shit-colored face and all.”
Oleg laughs. “I highly doubt that,” the old man says. “Everything was chaos. How can you be sure?”
“Because he tried to bite my leg off.” I leave out the part where he succeeded. 
“I don’t understand,” Bron says.
“You’re not the only one,” says Oleg. “What are you implying, Azina? That The Keepers have known about this place for a while?”
“I never said that, but if you’re asking me to risk the lives of my people, I’d like to know what we’re getting involved in.”
Oleg crosses his arms over his chest and I can tell he’s shutting down. “I know as much as you do,” he says. “If The Keepers had any knowledge of this place, don’t you think they would’ve told me?”
I decide to let it go for now. Besides, we have a job to do. 



Chapter 14


The second Prospector is easy to find and nearly impossible to identify. The body looks like it’s been mauled by wild animals. Most of the flesh has been stripped to the bone. 
Glave is about to do his crying routine again and I stop him cold. “This isn’t your wife.” 
“How on Earth do you know that?” His eyes are wide and frantic.
I point to the slight bulge at the crotch, the one area left intact. Glave sighs with relief. I don’t want to tell him his chances of finding Rosaline alive are slim, but he’s probably thinking that already. 
The Prospector’s pistol is still in its holster. 
“Looks like they at least finished him quick,” Ret says. 
Even in the dark I can see the blood drain from Pennies’ face. 
Glave collects the pistol, grabs a handful of clips, and wedges the gun under his waistband. 
Personally, I’d prefer that he leave it alone. Popular thinking always says the more guns the merrier. I beg to differ. A gun in the hands of someone who doesn’t know how to use it usually creates more problems than it solves. One of the few bits of history I can remember has to do with a huge war that engulfed the entire world. At one point, these guys called the Germans armed old men and young boys to defend their capital. Problem was, the raw recruits had a nasty habit of either getting in the way or shooting their own guys by mistake. I couldn't say if the stories were one hundred percent true, but it doesn’t take more than one or two experiences in the real world to figure it probably was. 
Sneak goes ahead a few yards and I can see by the tilt of her head she’s listening for the sound of those things. The blinding urge to pull up my pant leg and check the wound is almost unbearable. Not to mention my head's starting to swim and I can't tell if it's because of the intense pain or the thirst that’s still kicking my ass. 
I don’t dare check the wound in front of the group though, not before I find out what it might mean. I can still see that ghoulish Keeper’s face, his skin like tree bark, and that single-minded, feral glare in his glowing eyes. He’d looked vaguely human, but there wasn't a shred of humanity left. It’s becoming clear now that something had turned both the Keeper and that first Prospector from men into monsters, and I need to know if I’m at risk. 
Ret covers the body with a jacket he’s taken from a nearby shop while the others sit down on the cold, hard floor. Oleg is staring off into thin air, and he has a look on his face like he’s not so sure he’s gonna make it out of this. Maybe he’s praying. 

Oh Newton, God of weight and movement, grant me the speed to outrun these lowly Mercenary barbarians or the courage to end it all with a single bullet...
I sidle up next to him. “These things are what nearly killed the human race, aren’t they?” I whisper.
Oleg’s eyes are still on the jacket and the form underneath it. The jacket isn't quite long enough, and one of the man’s skeletonized toes is sticking out. “It seems that way.”
“If we want any chance of getting home," I say, trying to keep my voice down, "then I need to know what we’re up against. I get that The Order insisted you accompany the rescue mission, but if you’re not going to open up and be honest, then frankly, you’re no good to us.”
This seems to make a dent. “What is it you need to know?”
“For starters, what are they? And how long have they been down here?”
Oleg shakes his head and I worry that I'm gonna get another load of bullshit. 
“It’s taken us years to piece together what happened in those final days," he starts. "Nearly two centuries ago, our forefathers felt the need to start pumping a psychotropic substance into the water supply in the hopes that it would calm a people who were growing dangerously... shall we say... restless. Only years before, they had introduced a compound called fluoride into the water designed to prevent tooth decay. To them, this next step hardly seemed like a huge leap.”
“And they ended up killing people.” I jump ahead.
“Not exactly. You see, everything dies eventually. It’s just a matter of when. For the human cell, death comes after fifty divisions. Cellular replication and death are part of the ageing process. Whatever they dumped into the water created a series of genetic mutations in the population. One of those mutations halted cell growth once it hit that fiftieth division. They were locked into an indefinite holding pattern. But, without new cells, the skin darkens and begins to wrinkle. The chemicals in the water also seem to have disconnected the brain’s higher functions. The human race began to regress.”
Cells. Genetics. Evolution. Most of this goes over my head except for one thing. Their infinite lifespan. “How long have they been down here?”
“That's hard to say. If they've been locked away all these years, I'd say upwards of two centuries."
“So let me get this straight. These things have been trapped down here, starving to death, for over two hundred years.”
Oleg nods, and I’m shocked he can be so casual about all of this. 
“And is it catching?” I ask, trying to keep my voice as neutral as possible. “Like a disease?”
“Almost. The chemical that mutated their genes festers in their saliva. That was how it circled the globe. Once the chemicals were introduced into the bloodstream, the changes started almost at once.”
I swallow hard and suddenly I’m feeling a surge of anger, most of it directed at him. “You seem to know a hell of a lot for a guy who didn’t know anything a few minutes ago.” He’s looking at me strangely and I try to relax. “So, is there a cure?”
His eyes darken and somehow I know exactly what he’s about to say. 
“The only cure I know is death.”



Chapter 15


Oleg turns his gaze in my direction and I'm not crazy about the way he’s looking at me. He’d seen me favoring my leg earlier and he knows. Knows I’ve been bitten; knows I’m changing. I'm sure of it. I take a deep breath and try to calm myself down. I'm just being paranoid. The old man isn't suspicious at all. Why should he be? I just saved his ass from being a zombie hors d'oeuvre. 
We need to get moving again. I order a sweep of the Food Court, and we learn that anything and everything edible has been consumed long ago. It's unnerving and reinforces the idea that these freaks have been starving for centuries. And what’s worse, they’re desperately looking for a way out. 
My mind returns to the two Prospectors we've found, scattered at different places in the complex. I’m starting to wonder if they’d been running away when they died. If so, then the first one we found in the boiler room was probably the last one alive. Damn bugger nearly made it out, too. And then I’m struck by a thought that chills me to the core. If he had gotten out, imagine what would have followed him home.
Before long, the Food Court falls behind and we come to what looks like a blast door, hanging half way open. According to Oleg, the sign above reads ‘Living Quarters.’
“The name is just strange,” Oleg says. “Living Quarters is a military term.”
“Maybe we're on some type of military base,” Jinx says.
Deep lines crease Oleg’s brow. "There’s a good chance the horde that attacked us earlier once called these living quarters home."
Ret chimes in. “Maybe this place was built special for the stinkin’ rich. Their own private hideaway while the world around them went to hell in a hand basket. I wouldn’t put it past ‘em.”
“It was built into the base of a mountain,” Pennies says. He’s holstered his gun and he looks calmer. “Fact, this very spot is probably right under Mount Kepler.”
Bron is looking impatient with all this talking. “Is there anything in there the Prospectors might’ve been after, or is this another dead-end?”
“Maybe it's not the living quarters they were interested in,” Oleg says, “but something on the other side.”
We press on. I clear the doorway, hoping that as we climb deeper inside this hellhole, we're moving one step closer to home. 



Chapter 16


The living quarters are anything but. Skeletons everywhere, frozen in a gruesome tableau of death. The dead are decked out in their finest clothes, awash with jewels. I see piles of worthless money, scattered about like confetti. Even Pennies is too sickened to care. 
“They locked themselves away from a dying world,” Ret says. “And once the Zees got in, all their money and shiny jewels couldn't save ‘em.”
We pass a room with yet another body and I don't think anything of it. It isn't until I hear the gurgling behind us that I remember thinking the corpse lying on that bed somehow seemed fuller than the others. But the truth is, there’s more to it than that. Somehow, I knew she was there. 
I spin around in time to see her stumbling out of the room. The glow from her eyes fills the entire hallway. Her movements are stiff and awkward and, because of that, I’m sure she’s only recently been turned. Her head hits the wall, and the sound of bones breaking is unmistakable. She rights herself, her head snapping back into place with a grotesque series of cracks, and I know without a doubt she's a Zee. Judging by the outfit she's wearing, I can also tell she’s Glave's wife. 
I try to push through, but the corridor is far too narrow. Glave sees the Zee and jumps with fright. Then I see him freeze. His face is turned from me, but I know he's just recognized his wife and he can't help the urge to run to her. I shout, but he takes a step toward her. That’s when she lunges. 
A shot rings out. 
But not from Glave. It's Pennies. He's right behind Glave and a trail of smoke snakes up from the barrel of his pistol. The bullet grazes Rosaline’s neck and a thin stream of blood paints the wall. Her eyes release Glave and lock onto Pennies. Pennies tries to move, but there's nowhere to go.  Ret raises his shotgun, but I can already tell he doesn't have a clear shot. She lunges at Pennies, knocking him to the ground, her teeth tearing at the flesh on his face. I'm almost there but he’s screaming. She's bitten his lower lip off and the eerie quality of his lipless yell echoes in my ears. 
Ret takes the shot anyway and Glave's wife flies back five feet. She tries to prop herself up but Ret keeps firing. The buckshot turns her head into a bloody soup. She collapses in a heap. 
I become aware of an invisible hand pushing me forward. I look behind me and wonder if I'm just in shock. 
Pennies is shrieking now. Ret and the others move him onto the bed where I’d first seen Glave’s zombified wife. Pennies must’ve gotten a dose right in the mouth because his body starts shaking. And I feel it again, like being shoved, only no one's there. A thought forms in my mind and it's as clear and bright like a sun-filled day. They know we’re here. I'm not sure how they could possibly know, but they do and a big group is heading our way. 



Chapter 17


Every muscle in Pennies’ body is bunching up like taught cords. There aren’t any clean bandages, so Ret’s using the bed sheet to soak up the blood from his wound. Pennies’ lower lip is gone and the upper one is dangling by a small piece of flesh. The inside of his mouth is starting to darken, and I know he’s turning. There isn’t much time left for Pennies - or for us. 
“We need to get out of here,” I say urgently.
The shock on Ret’s face is clear. “And just leave him?”
Sneak’s watching all of this, and I can tell that, in spite of her burning hatred for Traders, she knows this is no way for someone to go. 
Pennies is kicking harder and Jinx is having trouble holding him down. 
I have no idea which way the Zees are coming from, but somehow I know they’re getting closer. There’s a bend in the corridor not far from where we are, and I’m taking a chance the Zees won’t come from the other direction. I send Sneak into the hall to act as lookout. She darts past Glave, who’s on the ground, holding the shredded body of his dead wife and for a moment the sight makes me want to cry. 
I duck back into the room and look at Pennies. His face is already about three shades darker. 
“There isn’t much we can do for him,” Ret says. 
I thought my conversations with Oleg had been quiet and inconspicuous, but it’s clear everyone knows what’s happening. “We’ll take him with us,” I say.
Jinx glares at me. “You heard Ret, he’s gone. The best he can hope for at this point is a bullet in the brain. Fast and easy.”
“I’m afraid he’s right.” This time it’s Oleg, but the prospect of losing someone I’m responsible for is a tough pill to swallow. I also know we don’t have more than a few more minutes before we’re overrun. 
“It might not be fatal,” I say. 
Jinx slams the wall with the palm of his hand and it makes a hollow, booming sound. “Azina, you saw what happened to that Prospector who tried to rip your face off.”
“We don’t know what the fatality rate is, all I’m sayin’. He could have a fever and pull out of it.”
“I can do it quick and painless,” Ret whispers. He reaches into his vest, pulls out a morphine injector, and shows it to me.
Pennies suddenly springs forward, gnashing with a mouthful of blackened teeth. He’s going for the exposed flesh on Ret’s arm. Bron snatches Pennies’ head, less than an inch from his target. One of Bron’s titanium fingers slips inside Pennies’ mouth and the Trader chomps down. I recoil at the sight and sound of Pennies’ shattering teeth. A ten-inch, spring-loaded blade whips out from the palm of Bron’s right hand and pierces Pennies’ right temple. The glow in Pennies’ eyes dims and goes out. Bron retracts the blade and Pennies’ body falls back onto the bed. 
Bron’s hand is covered in dark blood and shards of broken teeth. He uses Pennies’ tunic to wipe it off and inspects his gleaming index finger. “Not even a dent,” he boasts.
And this time I don’t find Bron’s little crack one bit funny.



Chapter 18


I feel them coming a few seconds before I hear Sneak running toward us, banging on the wall. Glave looks like he’s ready to sit this one out and accept a quick death, and I know he’s fooling himself. There’s no such thing as a quick death when you’re being eaten alive. He’d be better off using that pistol on himself. 
“Glave! Get on your feet.” I slap him across the face. He doesn’t respond, not even a flinch. I grab him by the collar and the crotch of his pants and haul him to his feet. He doesn’t seem to appreciate that I’m saving his life. 
“If you want to kill yourself, do it when we get home. Right now, I need you to move your ass!” This seems to do the trick. 
The entire exchange lasts less than sixty seconds, but any delay is bad when a bunch of Zees are after you. The first one ambles into the hallway and spots us right away. The stilted walk seems strange at first until I realize how many years they’ve been standing around. 
I aim my repeater and squeeze off a three-round burst. He’s just outside of my weapon’s effective range, but a shot catches him square in the forehead, his body goes limp, and he skids a  half dozen feet before he stops. 
The others are behind me. I signal for Ret and Jinx to hold them off while we retreat. 
The hallway is filling with dark, half-dressed shapes, surging forward with pure, unfiltered rage. Jinx lobs a grenade and the whole building shudders, and all but a handful of them drop. Entrails and clumps of flesh ooze down the walls like some macabre painting. Ret picks the crawlers off one-by-one. But no sooner are a dozen killed than two dozen take their place. 
The rest of us race ahead to a sign with faded letters and an arrow pointing forward, but there’s no time for Oleg to decipher its exact meaning. We come to a pair of rusted doors. I’m up front and Bron is watching our rear. I give each handle a healthy pull but neither budges an inch. Even a kick with my good leg doesn’t rattle them loose. 
“Bron,” I call out. I can hear Ret and Jinx down the hall, around the corner, out of breath and cursing. They’re running this way, and by the sounds of it they have a massive swarm of Zees right behind them. 
Bron yanks the doors and nothing happens. He pulls with everything he’s got and the veins in his neck bulge. I hear the sound of twisting metal, and I hope it isn’t one of his arms giving way.
Ret and Jinx come scrambling around the corner. Just a few feet behind them are the Zees. They sound like a basket full of snakes, but their faces are contorted with rage and caked in that tarry, blood-like substance. Running at full tilt, Ret raises his automatic shotgun behind him and pulls the trigger. The gun kicks wildly. The buckshot fans out and cuts down a handful of Zees. The rest are unfazed as they trample over the fallen.
Ret and Jinx are ten yards away when Bron finally pries open the doors. A terrifying thought flashes through my mind: that we’ll run inside this new sanctuary and find it filled with Zees. I hope to hell I’m wrong, or we’ll all be dead in a matter of seconds. 



Chapter 19


Oleg, Glave and Sneak run in and gather behind us. Bron’s holding one of the doors open. Jinx and Ret are hightailing it down the hallway. There’s a Zee reaching for Ret, barely an arm’s length behind him. Jinx is the first one in, followed by Ret. Bron slams the door shut, but that Zee is too fast, and the next thing we know he’s inside. Ret doesn’t have a chance to turn around when the Zee crashes into him, sending them both tumbling. 
I know right then and there that if I’m not fast enough, Ret’s going to die. I leap over a row of seats and come down with the Katana. If I put too much into the swing, the blade will slice right through the Zee’s flesh and into Ret. I pull up at the last moment. The sword’s edge enters the back of the Zee’s brain box and kisses the front of his skull. A millisecond from closing down on the back of Ret’s neck, it dies with its jaws wrenched open. 
That’s the second time in less than ten minutes he’s nearly become Zee-steak, and I almost thank one of Oleg’s gods that nothing but a set of old chairs was in my way. I don’t know what I’d do without him. Ret takes my hand and I help him up. He’s heavier than I am, and my leg starts burning like I’m being branded with a hot iron poker. I grit my teeth and try not to let on I’m having trouble. 
“Thank you.” He smiles, and I feel my cheeks flush. I’d lie to myself and say it’s because I feel like crap, but I suck at lying and I know the truth anyway. And besides, I can’t help thinking about rule number two: Mercs don’t date Mercs. Especially when you’re a woman in charge of a bunch of reprobates.
I turn away and slide the Katana into the sheath on my back. “If the tables were turned, you’d do the same.” 
He nods, and he quickly turns and shoves the tip of his boot into the Zee’s prone torso, and it goes skidding into darkness.  
I finally get a good look around us and my jaw nearly drops. The room we’re in is impressive. Rectangular. Hundred-foot ceiling. Rows of seats facing a screen that I’m willing to bet was once white, but is now torn and coated with grime. The seats are plush, and far more inviting than anything in my dump back in Sotercity. 
Bron’s still holding the set of double doors closed. “Ret, you ungrateful bastard,” he says. “Pennies would have eaten you for dinner if Bron hadn’t saved your scrawny ass.”
Oh boy. Bron’s talking in the third person again. He needs a lot of reassurance, and maybe under different circumstances I’d be happy to give it to him. But now is not the time.
Outside, the Zees are kicking up a racket throwing themselves against the doors. We’re lucky those doors open outward, or we’d have a hell of a time keeping them shut. I find a closet with cleaning supplies, and bring back an armful of mops and brooms to shove between the door handles. “That won’t last forever,” I say. 
I can tell Bron is miffed about Ret’s lack of acknowledgement because the big man is ripping out rows of seats and stacking them against the door. After a few minutes, he claps the dirt off his hands. “That should hold ‘em.” 
I nudge Ret. “Good work, Bron,” he says, with all the grace of a newborn calf. 
The subtle frown on Bron’s face morphs into a childlike smile. “Maybe you’re not such an asshole after all, Ret.”
“Listen,” I say, looking for any obvious exits. “We need to find out where this assembly hall leads to.” 
Oleg reclines in one of the dusty seats and half-turns to look back at us. “This isn’t an assembly hall, I’m afraid. It was called a movie theater.” He pauses. I can tell he’s disgusted with us. “Have none of you heard of a movie theater before? Moving images projected onto a blank screen? They were all the rage.”
For a moment, I wonder if Oleg really thinks we’re idiots. What he’s forgetting is that The Order keeps most of the technology they’ve recovered in their own greedy, little hands. Then I see Bron’s gleaming, metal arms and realize I’m looking at the exception to the rule. There’s probably only one person on the planet who can replicate those. Bron’s father was a wealthy Trader who pulled an enormous amount of strings to have his son outfitted that way. I’ve seen the prototypes, and they were sleek and utilitarian. At least utilitarian, if loading and unloading carts all day long sounds like a promising career path. It was Bron who convinced the engineer to alter his initial plans into something far more deadly. Bron’s father somehow got his head stuck on the idea that his son would carry on the family business, not become a hired gun.  
My mind snaps back to Oleg in the middle of his history lesson. “I dare say, at one time, this dead civilization you see around you had inventions that would make the very idea of this movie theater seem like child’s play.” 
The Zees aren’t banging on the door nearly as much and the thought of what that might mean is making me nervous. I’m also starting to hear things. It began as a low, ringing noise after Bron decided to fire his 20mm cannons a foot from my head. But since about the time we entered Oleg’s movie theater, I’ve started to realize the noise isn’t a ringing at all. It’s a voice I’m hearing, low and muffled, like someone talking into the sleeve of their tunic, but every once in a while I can almost make out what it’s saying, and I swear it’s calling my name.
The sound gets louder, and I feel an overwhelming and inexplicable urge to tear down Bron’s makeshift barricade and let the doors swing open. Not so much to let the Zees in, but it’s more like I’m being... summoned. 
Behind me, Oleg is still blabbing away. 
“The wondrous, ancient Romans and Greeks. Yes, both long gone, I know, but each in their own time built empires that spanned the known world. They were masters of art and engineering. They were the light of the civilized world.”
While the others are distracted by Oleg’s oration, I hike up my pant leg and survey the damage. I crack a new glow stick and hold it over the wound. It’s almost impossible to make out any of the details, but I can tell that the skin around the bite is bubbling. If that weren’t bad enough, most of my leg below the knee has become a dark patchwork of intersecting lines. I run my finger along the flesh, and it feels rough and leathery, like deer hide. 
“In the fifth century, hordes of barbarians overran an empire already weakened by decadence and laziness. After the collapse, centuries of learning were lost. Western Europe was thrust into darkness for a thousand years. During the Dark Ages–”
“These are the dark ages.” Ret jokes. 
Oleg laughs.
“Azina, you okay?” 
It’s Ret. I shove my pant leg down and hope to hell he didn’t see anything. I mean, I’m not a danger to the group. Not like Pennies. He hadn’t been able to fight the chemicals surging through his body. They had started changing him immediately. During the end times, there must have been others exposed to the chemical who managed to pull through. The death rate couldn’t have been one hundred percent, could it? My hands begin to shake and I shove them under my armpits. 
“You don’t look so good.”
I brush past Ret and address the others. The noise outside is completely gone, and I’m hoping to high hell those things aren’t smart enough to circle around and box us in. 
“History class is over,” I say. “We’re leaving.”



Chapter 20


We creep through a second set of doors and find ourselves in a room where the walls are covered in mirrors. Before them are dozens of iron weights.
“We’ve entered a gymnasium.” Oleg informs us. “An exercise room. Most Dusters didn’t do much manual labor. So to keep themselves in shape they’d lift heavy weights and run on machines.”
I’m surprised to hear Oleg use a street term like Duster to refer to those living before the end times. 
Jinx snickers. “Computing machines that did their thinking, mechanical doors that opened and closed on their own, all the food they could eat. I’m surprised they weren’t all eight hundred pounds.” 
“Some of them were.” Oleg furrows his brow.
My foot snags on something and I nearly fall flat on my ass. Ret reaches down and comes up with a weapon. “Warden’s rifle.”
Everyone knows the Prior’s personal bodyguard are tough sons-of-bitches. There isn’t a damn thing that’ll frighten them. Oleg hardly looks at it. 
We find the gymnasium reception area and an access door leading to the rest of the complex. The exit is blocked by a hastily erected barricade made from weightlifting equipment, tables turned on their sides, and even the body of a dead horse. 
“How the hell did that get in here?” Jinx asks. 
Sneak’s face blanches. 
It’s a perfect choke point. The bodies of dead Zees are piled at the door like cords of firewood, blown away as they tried to surge through. I can see the mound stirring slightly. Some of the Zees are alive, pinned beneath the wave of bodies. 
We enter the reception area and I feel my attention being drawn behind a desk opposite the barricade. That drone in my ear is getting so loud that it sounds like the buzzing of an insect. 
Zees are piled around the desk, and most of their skulls have been cracked open with blunt weapons. I peer over the edge and make another gruesome find – half a dozen Wardens, huddled together in death. Most of their flesh has been ripped off. Except for one of them.
“Azina.”
I turn around, annoyed. “What is it?”Everyone’s eyeing me like I’m the town drunk.
“We didn’t say anything,” Ret says. 
He has that ‘are you okay’ look on his face again, and I’m not liking it one bit. I hear my name again, but this time I know it’s coming from the pile. That one Keeper whose face hasn’t quite been completely eaten. His eyes are open and glowing and it looks like he’s trying to climb out. He’d make it if his arms and legs weren’t trapped. “Azina...” 
But what I hear in my head is, “Asssseeeenaaaahhhhh.”
The edge of the Katana hits him right between the eyes before he has a chance to say anything else. All I see are the dim confines of his mangled features as I hack his face off. Contaminated blood sprays close to my mouth before I can stop myself. 
Ret rushes over to me. The Keeper’s head looks like a bowl filled with gore, and Ret curses under his breath. He’s seen the Wardens. He turns to Oleg, his eyes ablaze. “You knew about this all along, didn’t you?”
“I don’t know what you’re talking about.”
Ret grabs him by the collar of his robe and drags him over to the barricade. Oleg peers over and his eyes close with resignation. 
“Don’t insult my intelligence by trying to tell me The Keepers sent in an elite hit squad and you knew nothing about it.” 
Jinx removes a shiny blade from his vest. “I say we feed him to a pack of Zees.”
“And what will that accomplish?” Oleg asks, the fear in his voice unmistakable. To him, we’re looking more and more like a bunch of savages. 
“Accomplish?” Bron says. “Not much, but it’ll feel damn good.”
I'm worried that if this crew gets their way we’ll prove him right. “Back off, all of you! Get back!” I turn to Oleg, who’s fixing his robe. “You’ve been bullshitting us from the start. Now start talking or I won't stop Bron from ripping your arms and legs off.”
Oleg’s eyes are flitting between me and Bron.  
Bron has a twisted little grin on his face as he stares the Keeper down, making tearing sounds. 
I collect myself for a moment. “This mission has nothing to do with rescuing a team of lost Prospectors, does it?”
Oleg doesn't answer. Bron comes forward and I signal for him to back off. “You’ve got the next ten seconds to start talking, or so help me, I’ll feed you to the first pack of Zees we find.”
“You wouldn’t dare.” His frantic eyes reach out to Glave for support. Glave is still wearing the same half-dead expression he’s had since his wife came shambling out from that apartment. 
“Glave’s not going to help you, Oleg. Start talking.” I see in his eyes that no one’s ever spoken to him like this. There’s hatred there, plain as day. But he knows he doesn’t have a choice and I’m about to break his face a bit to get his lips warmed up when he begins.
“The Order has been searching for this complex for decades. We told you that a small group of our Prospectors stumbled upon it, and that was the truth. What we neglected to mention was that there weren’t four Prospectors. There were five, and the fifth made it out alive, but barely. At least, that was the story he gave. He told us they located the complex, but that they were overrun by swarms of Volgoroth. 
“We didn’t believe much of what he said, of course. After all, The Order exterminated them over a hundred years ago. We assumed that the few remaining creatures died of starvation not long after. That was before we discovered what the chemical really did to its victims.”
“So you sent in an elite squad to finish the job,” Jinx adds.
Oleg nods. “We sent in our very best. Not to battle any Volgoroth. I already told you we thought the Prospector was lying. He wouldn’t be the first to stumble onto a cache of hidden wealth and let his greed get the better of him. What better way to throw off suspicion than to invoke the name ‘Volgoroth’?”
“And what was it they were looking for?” I ask.
Oleg’s eyes sparkle. “An immense storehouse of information, unparalleled since the Library of Alexandria. This complex was one of the last known refuges during those final days. It became an ark of sorts, built to prevent thousands of years of knowledge from disappearing forever. Somewhere here is a reinforced chamber with the answers to all of our questions. The moment we lost contact with our elite team, we knew that the Prospector’s story must be true.”
“So if that Prospector knows the way, why the hell isn’t he here with us?”
Oleg’s eyes flicker and suddenly I know. 
“You killed him, didn’t you?”
“Not I.”
“Prior Skuld.”
Oleg nods.
“To protect your secret.”
“Yes, but don’t be naïve. This isn’t only about the library. Maintaining a level of order and security is our second mandate. We could not allow people to know that a Hive had been located a half day’s journey from Sotercity. There are rules that forbid such a disclosure.”
“Hive? You make these Zees sound like insects.”
“In a way, they are. Their minds are connected in ways we have yet to understand. If one of them sees you, they all see you.”
“Oh great,” says Ret. “Something we should have known earlier, don't you think?”
 “To do what with? It wouldn’t have done you any good.”
Bron crosses his arms. “Well, I hate to burst your bubble, but we don’t have enough ammo to kill them all. Hell, look at what happened to your Warden friends. They were left using their rifle butts as glorified clubs." 
Oleg won’t look at the dead Wardens, and I can’t blame him. 
“Somebody doesn’t like you very much to send you on a suicide mission with a bunch of Mercs,” I say. 
“The Order and Prior Skuld don’t like to be questioned. I openly objected to the Prospector’s... silencing, as well as the foolhardiness of the current operation. My reward for speaking out was an ultimatum. Return with proof that the library is real, or be cast along with my family into No Man’s Land, condemned for the rest of our days to wander the desolation.”
“Why should we believe you when you’ve lied to us all along?”
“Because it’s the truth.”
As much as I hate to admit it, Oleg’s story makes sense. How the Zees were able to show up so soon after we took out their friends in the Cartier shop. Their strange, ant-like behavior. Not to mention that muffled voice that’s been yapping in my ear. 
Ret isn’t impressed. “This is bullshit. We got thousands of bloodthirsty Zees running around out there and you want us to find you a library.”
“I'll give you this,” Jinx says. “You’ve got balls, expecting us to help you.”
“It might not be that easy,” I say. “This library may be the only bargaining chip we have.”
The muscles in Bron’s face tense. “How do you figure?”
“Think about it. The Order sends us on a suicide mission. As far as they’re concerned, we’re already dead. Any of us lucky enough to make it back will end up just like that fifth Prospector. Unless we find that library. Then, we have leverage.”
Everyone seems to be thinking it over, including Oleg. 
“Or maybe we just don’t go back,” Ret offers.
“And wander through No Man’s Land for the rest of our lives?”  Bron replies. “No thanks. And if you’re talking yourself into traveling to one of those rotting cities you can just forget it. No one's ever come back from there.”
Jinx is eyeing the mangled Warden bodies. “It’d sure beat living under The Order's steel-toed boot.”
“Then by all means,” Bron says, snorting with laughter. “Just remember to send us a postcard.”
I feel Sneak tapping my leg. She has something in her hand. It’s a beaten-up sign, and it’s riddled with bullet holes and covered in blood. There’s a clean spot on the wall from where she’s taken it and it looks like some sort of emergency exit plan. A large arrow points to a small room, and I assume that's where we are. Below it is another level and a picture of something I've seen before in an old book that was printed before the fall. 
I turn to Oleg. “If you were a Duster and wanted to move large quantities in and out of this complex... Say, enough stuff to fill up that library of yours, and you knew that crowds of Zees were topside running ape-shit, how would you do it?”
Oleg pauses. “I’m not sure.” 
It's the first time I hear him admit there’s something he doesn’t know. I hold the sign up. “Sneak may have just found our ticket out of here.”
Oleg studies it for a moment and his face brightens. “I’ll be damned.”



Chapter 21


We’re still in the gymnasium reception. The exit is clogged with the bodies of dead Zees, and it takes us almost twenty minutes to cut a path to freedom. Our plan is simple, really. According to the sign in my hand, there's an underground railway system two levels below us. Problem is, once we find it, none of us have a clue where those tracks will lead. Or worse, whether those old tunnels will be clear enough of debris and Zees to be passable. Some kind of transportation hub makes sense for a complex like this, given the amount of material that had been sent here for safekeeping. I'm also willing to bet Oleg's library will be somewhere near that depot. 
There's an old, weathered picture, hanging in a saloon in Sotercity, of a colossal machine belching great plumes of smoke and squatting on a pair of metal tracks like some kind of metallic caterpillar. Trains are what they called them, and I wonder if we'll find anything so magnificent. 
I'm also thinking back to Oleg’s comment about the Zees being part of a Hive. If one of them sees you, they all see you. 
That's what he’d said. The Warden I’d found buried under that pile of corpses. He'd already turned by then and was trying his damndest to get free, and I'd used the Katana to turn his skull into a serving bowl. The question nagging away at me was clear, though. How come the swarm didn't show up on the heels of that little incident?
In the Cartier shop, the Zees had clamored over their fallen comrades as if they weren't even there. I’m wondering if they’re sometimes blind to their own kind, the way Dusters might have become immune to each other after living in cities teeming with millions of people. Was that why the Warden hadn’t raised the alarm? Because all he saw was one of his own? 
We walk two-by-two. My light is fading and I crack another glow stick. The space opens up and thick pockets of shadow cling to the walls. We're heading down a set of metal stairs. The grip feels soft and corroded. I bring my fingers to my nose and recoil at the smell of rotting rubber. Oleg sees me. 
“Escalator.” He says this as if the word should mean something to me. “A set of stairs that moved on their own. Quite popular at the time. In fact–”
I hear something below us and shove the light into my pocket. The room goes from dark to black. Oleg's getting the hang of this and stops flapping his fish-lips. We're halfway down the escalator, and I can distinctly hear something shuffling around on the level below us. 
Could it be a Zee, somehow cut off from the others? Hard to say. So far they don’t like doing things on their own. If I can sneak up and drop it silently, maybe we can avoid signaling the others. 
I make it to the bottom and my eyes have already started to adjust to the darkness. In fact, I'm surprised by how well I can see. I can even make out Oleg, Bron, Ret and the others crouching in place on the escalator, waiting for me to finish. They're staring off into the blackness, completely blind. The broken bits of wood, glass and concrete on the floor make it difficult to stay quiet. 
The Zee is just ahead. I can see it standing in a corner. Its eyes are emitting a dull glow which tells me one thing; he doesn’t know I’m here. I can see this Zee is a man because he's wearing a pair of short pants that are ripped on one side. I also catch a tattered sweater draped over his shoulders. He almost looks human. 
His back is still turned and I slip to within three feet of him. The Katana is halfway out when he turns and walks directly at me. I try backing away, but I'm crouched so low I’m not nearly fast enough. The Zee stumbles and raises one of his legs, and I can see the skin there is scabrous and covered in coarse hairs. He's going to walk over me like I’m some inanimate obstacle. I'm hoping this Zee has a serious malfunction, because the other possibility – that he thinks he’s climbing over one of his own – is far less appealing. I stand and shove him away with both hands. He goes spilling onto the ground and is back on his feet in a second as though nothing happened. 
The others must’ve heard him hit the floor because I hear them coming, and Oleg is filling the silence with more useless information. That's when the Zee’s eyes light up and nearly blind me. His head snaps in their direction and he takes off at a lumbering run. I swing the Katana at his head, but I’m not even close. 
“Whoa!” Someone shouts, and I think it's Glave. 
The Zee is at full gallop and out of range. I can’t take the shot because the others are in my line of fire.  Ret raises his shotgun, pulls the trigger, and chops him in half. He falls to the ground. A final shot to the head stops the hissing. I rush forward. 
“I thought you took care of it,” Bron snaps at me. 
Ret's shaken and I'm sure it's because he knows we've just rung a giant dinner bell. “I missed him,” I lie, wondering how I'll ever be able to explain the horrible certainty growing within me – Zees don’t bother their own kind. 
Almost on cue, I feel a pain on my side. I slide a hand inside my shirt and down to my waist to find a patch of rough, leathery skin. It’s climbing toward my armpit, and I desperately want to tell Ret. He and Sneak are the only ones who’ll understand; the only ones able to keep a level head about this. Something's different with me. For some reason, I'm not like Pennies, that Prospector, or any of those dead Wardens. They were exposed and the chemical consumed their humanity. For Pennies, it was a matter of minutes. I'm not sure what's happening, but one thing is certain. I'm not the same person who walked in here.



Chapter 22


By the time we reach the next escalator, I can already hear them coming. The others aren’t the least bit bothered, and I wonder if I’m the only one who can hear them this far off. They’re above us, that much I can tell. Exact numbers are sketchy, but when have they shown up with anything less than a small army? 
I warn the others, and we race down the escalator two steps at a time. It’s littered with bones; most look like they’ve been gnawed on. We reach the bottom and the others catch the low, rumbling sound of what might be a few hundred Zees coming our way. The hissing is growing louder. At the foot of the escalator is a thirty-yard clearing which leads to a set of eight metal doors with push bars running across them. Above them is a sign. 
“The train station is just beyond these doors,” Oleg says, pointing, his voice trembling something awful. 
We frantically try each one. They’re all locked. We’re boxed in with nowhere to go. If only we had another minute, Jinx would be able to blow a hole in that door and we’d have a chance.
“Check your ammo!” I shout, and toss Pennies’ old pistol to Oleg. I’m breaking my own rules about guns in inexperienced hands, but at this point we don’t have the luxury for rules.
My best guess is that they’re working their way down the first escalator. Sneak grabs my arm. She’s signing frantically and I’m shaking my head. Her fingers become more insistent. She has a plan, but it’s too risky, and I shake my head at her. The others are watching, but don’t have a clue as to what Sneak and I are talking about. That’s when Sneak takes off up the escalator. 
“Sneeeaaak!” I scream, but I know it isn’t any use. 
She’s halfway up when the first glowing-eyed Zee comes charging down. I swing my repeater around. His arms are outstretched, but Sneak doesn’t slow down; she means to go through with this. I squeeze off a short burst, hitting the Zee in the chest and knocking him down. Sneak runs past him and he tries to grab hold of her. I’ve missed his head, and he’s back on his feet, giving chase. Another Zee reaches the top of the escalator, and I put one right between his eyes. Sneak disappears, but I can hear her trying to make noise as she goes. She’s leading them away, but I’m terrified they’re going to catch her somewhere in the darkness, and she’ll die all alone, unable to cry for help.
It’s hard to estimate how many Zees peel off to chase Sneak through the complex. The thought of racing after her almost hits critical mass, and another group comes pouring over the edge of the escalator. There’s so damned many, and by the time the first one reaches the clearing, all I can see is a river of Zees stretching into the darkness. 
Jinx is lobbing grenades from his launcher. He’s timed the fuse to detonate right above their heads, cutting gaping holes in their ranks. The rest of us are waiting until they get closer. Reminds me of those pictures of how men fought hundreds of years ago, rows of them lined up with muskets. 
“Wait for it!” I shout. 
Twenty yards. 
Glave’s got his pistol pointed right at them, his hand bucking with nerves. 
Ten yards. 
I can see the details of their glowing eyes and leathery skin now. One female Zee has a formal gown on. She’s got a net covering her matted hair, and it looks like she might’ve been wearing a wig at one time. They’re all wearing gold watches and expensive jewelry, and I can’t help but think of Pennies. And as much as I try, I can’t tune their horrible hissing out of my head. I stick the repeater’s butt right under my chin. 
“Not yet!” I shout.
Ret looks over at me and gasps. “Azina...Your eyes...They’re glowing.”



Chapter 23


Five yards. 
Bron starts to turn my way when I give the order to fire. Suddenly, our little dead-end erupts with violent flashes of light and deafening gunfire. Zees disintegrate before us like snowflakes hitting wet ground. 
Bron unleashes his 20mms, and the floor beneath us trembles from the concussion. The sound of pure destruction, rhythmic and exhilarating.  Each round cuts through a dozen Zees. Heads torn clean off, bodies chopped in half. 
But some other part of me feels a pinprick of pain as each Zee drops, as though someone were driving searing needles into my flesh. With each dying Zee, a flickering light has been extinguished and I’m distinctly aware of each one.
Bron sweeps back and forth, and it’s a miracle that anything can live through such an awesome hail of fire. His 20mms choke up. Bron’s arms are glowing red. He’s overheated. Two spring-loaded blades eject from his palms and he wades into the remaining Zees, arms swinging, and in the dim light all I see are two sunsets arcing through the air. 
My repeater clicks empty. There’s no time to pop in another clip. Out comes the Katana. There’s a Zee going for Ret, and I bring the blade straight down on the top of the thing’s head. Its legs buckle, and it drops. Those pinpricks of pain are still there, and all I can do is ignore them, or we’re all dead. I move into the group and hack another dozen, and I realize they’re ignoring me completely. The patch of rough skin growing up my side has spread, and I’m aware that it’s made its way up to my neck. 
Ret’s busy unleashing hell with his automatic shotgun. I can’t help but notice him swivel to watch me every few seconds, and I’m sure it’s my glowing eyes he’s looking at. 
I glance back to see a Zee in a cook’s uniform heading for Oleg. The old man is pulling the trigger on his pistol and nothing’s happening. I yank the knife from my boot and fling it through the air. The edge sinks into the puffy part of the cook’s hat, and the Zee’s dead before it hits the ground. 
It takes us a few more minutes, and the last of them are no longer a threat. A number of Zees are little more than torsos, and Bron happily makes his way through the growing pile, finishing them off with the blade on his arm. 
I hear another group approaching, and it sounds like this one’s even bigger than the last. We’re lucky that no one’s been hurt or killed, and I’m sure that luck won’t last another onslaught. “Jinx!” I shout. “We need to get through these doors.”
He slides his pack off and reaches in. “I have just the thing.” He smiles at me. It’s a charge of C4. Old world ordnance, but it gives a nice kick and should do the job just fine. 
I scan the darkness above. Still no sign of Sneak. 
Ret touches my arm. His glare is intense and questioning, but my eyes are back to normal, I can feel it. Either way, he knows, and you don’t need the brains of a Keeper to realize he’s not sure what to do about it. I run this crew, but if I become a danger, Ret’s my second and he won’t have much choice but to take me down.



Chapter 24


Jinx pulls the trigger on his detonator and one of the doors blows off its hinges. The Zees are at the top of the escalator now and we hurry through the opening. When we’re all through, I realize the problem. Jinx’s heavy hand has taken the door clean off.  Now we have nothing to keep the Zees out. Bron snatches the mangled door off the ground and sets it back in place, but it’s so bent out of shape it barely fits. Behind us is a counter, which Bron rips from the floor and jams against the opening to keep the door in place. 
I should feel better seeing the barricade go up, but instead I have this sinking feeling, like we’re never gonna see Sneak again. Part of me wants to go out there and fight through the Zees to find her. The other part of me knows full well that would be suicide. 
That’s when I notice Glave’s hand is covered in blood. He’s pulled it away from his tunic where there’s a deep red stain on the shoulder. Oleg takes a step backward. 
“Check that wound, Ret,” I say. Personally, I’m not convinced it’s a bite. Glave could just as well have shot himself during the battle or been hit by a piece of shrapnel when the door blew. 
Ret peels back Glave’s tunic, and the expression on his face leaves no doubt. Judging by the proximity to his head, he doesn’t have more than a few minutes before he begins to turn.
Outside, the first Zees have made it to the barricade. This time, it won’t be like it was in the movie theater. With the sheer weight of their bodies pushing against our makeshift door, it’s just a question of time before it’ll give way. 
I see a glint off of Bron’s blade. He’s about to put an end to Glave. 
“Wait a minute!” I shout. “Glave doesn’t have any symptoms yet.”
“Maybe not,” Bron says, “but you saw the others, Azina. It’s only a matter of time.”
Glave seems to agree with Bron. “I don’t want to turn into one of those things,” he says.
“You won’t,” I assure him. Glave may have less than ten minutes. It’s one thing to hack into a Zee like he’s nothing more than a bag of meat, and it’s something else entirely to kill a man in cold blood. 
“I say we wait.” I look over. It’s Ret, and he throws a look that tells me I better know what I’m doing.
I don’t, but I’ll be the first to pull the trigger if I see the slightest sign that Glave’s about to turn. 
We shift our attention to this new area we’re in and my breath catches in my throat. It looks like the pictures of old train stations I’ve seen in Sotercity. Two sets of tracks are laid out in even parallel lines. I shift my light and see that the tracks stop before a steel vault on my right that must be a hundred feet high. Even from here we can see the massive vault door is open. We head that way. A single, sleek-looking train sits on the farthest set of tracks. As we get closer, I see that things are strewn about haphazardly. Wooden crates have been toppled over, their contents covering the ground. The cargo is all the same – clear cases housing small, shiny discs. 
We’re looking at a scene that must have played out over two hundred years ago, and the sight of it is eerie and disquieting. The toppled crates paint an unsettling picture of how the complex’s main lifeline became the very thing that killed it. And all it probably took were a few dozen Zees breaching this train tunnel. The way things seem to have been dropped, it was something the complex designers hadn’t anticipated. Either way, at some point, all hell had broken loose.  
I motion to Ret and Bron. “I need you both to inspect that tunnel and make sure it’s not blocked or crawling with Zees.” 
The two of them turn to head off, and suddenly the right side of my body feels like it’s on fire. I stagger and sink to one knee, and Jinx grabs my elbow. 
“Azina, this has gone too far. You need help.”
He’s probably right, but that voice in my ear is clearer now. The muffled quality from before is gone, and for the first time I can make out parts of what it’s saying. 
It sounds like gibberish. “BACK DASH FORWARD DOT DOT LINE HORIZONTAL LINE UP LEFT.” 
It’s some kind of code, and the logical side of my brain doesn’t equate it to a damn thing, but on some prehistoric, subterranean level, I know exactly what it means. What sounds like gibberish is a set of instructions broadcast to all Zees within range. It has something to do with us. Whatever’s sending that signal doesn’t want us to leave.



Chapter 25


Oleg is anxious to make it into the library. I rise to my feet and pull him close to me. “I’ve been thinking about your Hive comment from before. Do you really think they could be communicating with one another on some mental wavelength we’re unaware of?”

Oleg seems annoyed by my question. I’m sure all he wants is to head into the library. I squeeze his arm to let him know this is important.
He sighs. “Ants give off a chemical signal called pheromones that identify them to their group. But that’s not to say instructions are sent via telepathy, per se. Even flocks of birds and schools of fish use a process called emergent behavior, where subtle movements made by individuals are picked up.”
I feel that hand on my shoulder again, nudging me forward. When I turn around, Jinx has his head turned to our makeshift barricade, watching it buckle. Beside him is Glave, and his face is bone white. I notice one of his eyes twitching, and for a moment I wonder if he can also hear the instructions broadcast over the Zee airwaves.  
“Let’s make this fast.” I say, and we head inside.
 We find row after row of shelves. Each one lined with hundreds, maybe thousands, of discs. There are words on each shelf from top to bottom, all in the old tongue, and I can’t make sense of it. Oleg, on the other hand, looks like a kid at Christmas. He’s already got a stack of discs in his arms, all the way up to his chin. I just hope he has some machine capable of reading these things.
 “What are they?” I ask.
“Digital Video Disks. They were used to store vast amounts of information.”
“Like a book?”
“Yes, except each one of these can hold thousands of books.”
I shake my head. “They sure don’t look like much.”
From behind me comes a thudding noise, like a sack full of beef being dropped on the ground. I turn. Glave has collapsed to the floor. He isn’t shaking yet, not the way Pennies had, but it’s becoming harder to cling to the dim hope that he’ll pull through. 
Glave looks up at me and whispers. “He’s outside with the others…” 
“Glave’s losing his mind,” Jinx says. “Azina, we don’t have a choice anymore. We gotta waste him.”
“Not yet.” 
Oleg’s standing there, his mouth hanging open, probably expecting Glave’s eyes to start glowing. 
“Oleg.” I snap my fingers. “Take what you can carry ‘cause we’re leaving.”
I’m dragging Glave by the arm, and I see Bron waving at me from the mouth of the tunnel. Judging by the big, goofy smile on his face I’m guessing he and Ret have found something useful. 
I hear a terrifying sound and the timing couldn’t be worse – the clang of the metal door being flung onto the ground. Our barricade has just given way. Ahead of us is the train tunnel and home. On our left is the parked train, and just over that, the now shattered barricade. We begin to run and I can just make out Zees pouring into the station. My first thought is that they look like ants, but maybe that’s because of what Oleg just said about emergent-whatever. They can’t come directly at us, since the train is in the way, but solve that problem by simply going around. Half of them stream off toward the vault and around the front of the train, and the others toward the tunnel itself. 
Jinx lobs a few grenades to stall them. Fat chance, although it’s worth a shot. Up ahead, blinding flashes erupt from Bron’s heavy guns. Unlike before, he’s being careful, trying to conserve his ammo. For a second, I allow my mind to consider the trouble we’ll be in if his guns fall silent for good, and the thought terrifies me. 
Then I see something emerge through the doorway. The Hive leader. I know it’s him because his skin is blood red and he’s a full foot taller than the others. The right side of my body feels like it’s going to burn through my clothing. That hand that had been nudging me forward all this time is now pushing me backwards. He wants me to stay and I feel like I’m fighting through violent gale force winds. I look down and see Glave. His free arm is swinging wildly, trying to snag Oleg’s cloak. The skin on his face is brown and wrinkled. He’s turned. No doubt about it and I know there’s no use avoiding what needs to be done any longer. I put him to rest by sending the tip of the Katana through his skull and into the concrete floor. Nice and fast. He deserves nothing less. 
Jinx and Oleg are ahead of me. A sea of mangled Zees lies before Bron and Ret. Some of them aren’t quite dead. The torso of a man in a business suit pulls itself toward them. It’s nearly a foot from Ret when he notices it and turns the man’s head inside out with the shotgun. 
Oleg and Jinx reach the edge of the track and jump. Oleg lands awkwardly on his ankle and half the discs in his arms spill to the ground. He stops to gather them back up. Jinx grabs him by the collar and pulls him along.
I haven’t even made it to the edge yet. I feel like I’m running in slow motion and for a moment I’m sure this is a nightmare and I’ll wake up any second.
Ret and Bron retreat into the tunnel. They climb onto some contraption I’ve never seen before. A kind of device on wheels, with a teeter-totter. Looks like something people use to get water out of the ground. Except here, pumping the lever makes the wheels turn. It’s taking time to build up momentum; Jinx, Oleg and I will have to jump on while it’s moving. 
I finally reach the tracks and jump down. My feet hit the gravel running. Then, I realize Jinx isn’t going to make it. There’s a Zee right on his heels. I swing my repeater around, pop in a fresh magazine and squeeze the trigger. Oleg’s a few feet away and so I’ve got to aim carefully. One round hits the Zee’s chest and the rest ricochet off the walls. My next burst is lower, and it chews up his legs. He tumbles to the ground, but that’s good enough for now. Oleg makes it to the cart and slides onboard with his few remaining discs. 
Jinx is tired and slowing down, the pack of Zees are closing the distance. I pull out the Katana and swing left, hoping to cut them off. I can see Ret ahead, pumping that lever furiously, screaming at me to run. His face is filled with frustration.  He doesn’t understand why I’m so slow.  “Run, Azina!” I’m almost certain he’s about to jump down and help me, but he can’t stop working that lever or he’ll risk everyone’s life. The pain in his eyes is heartbreaking. 
I don’t need to look behind me to know the Hive leader is doing his best to get inside my head. There are two of me now. Azina the Merc, running for her life and racing to stop these bastards from cutting down her friends, and Azina the Zee, eager to be a good drone and do whatever Papa Zee says. 
Three of them grab hold of Jinx and I don’t think I can get there fast enough. Jinx curses and flings his grenade launcher to the ground and tries to shake them off. I swing at the Zee closest to me and watch the blade cut an almost invisible line through the back of his skull. It’s a killing blow. I know it even before his legs give out and he collapses. Then I realize it’s already too late; the Zee on Jinx’s right has its teeth buried in his forearm. Jinx shrieks and falls. 
The others look on in horror, unable to do a damn thing but build up enough speed to get out of here. 
I get to Jinx a second later. I know he won’t make it, not with the horde so close behind us. There’s only one thing to do. I swing down and then up again, killing both Zees. Even for me, the movements are seamless and beautiful. I don’t have the heart to hear them tearing Jinx apart, and I save the final blow for him. When I turn, I can see Ret and the others shouting, but their voices sound muffled and distant. It’s the other voice I hear now, the new voice, but my legs are still running. 
Seven Zees. 
That’s how many it takes before I crash headfirst into a patch of gravel. They aren’t biting me. Just holding me in place. My face hurts like a bitch and my vision’s a blurry mess, but it’s enough for me to make out hundreds of them leaping over us as they give chase to a small group of men on a strange cart. I watch as they become smaller and smaller before disappearing.
I can feel that red bastard coming up the tunnel, and I have no idea what he’s about to do, but somehow, that has me less worried than the thought of what a swarm of hungry Zees will do to a world whose wounds haven’t completely healed.



Chapter 26


I awaken in a dank chamber. The smell of mold and rotting flesh is overwhelming. No way of knowing how long I’ve been unconscious. An ugly red face is staring down at me from out of the gloom and all at once I’m certain I’ve died and been sent to the underworld those superstitious Keepers are always blabbing on about. But I can feel my tongue sticking to the roof of my mouth and with it comes the dreadful realization that I’m not dead at all. No, it’s far worse. I’ve finally gone and turned into a mindless Zee. But the mere act of thinking says otherwise, doesn’t it? I think, therefore I am not a Zee. A Keeper is supposed to have coined that one. Probably the only one of that bunch with a decent head on his shoulders. 
That face inches toward me and suddenly I know exactly where I am and who it belongs to. The Hive leader touches the patch of brown skin on the side of my face and I move at once to slap his grimy Zee hand away and all I hear is a clank. He’s got me chained to some kind of old dentist’s chair and so I do what any normal girl would under the circumstances. I swing my foot up between his legs. I can't wait to see those bulging red eyes of his start watering, but all I hear is another clank. 
Leg restraints. Great!
The Hive leader smiles and I'm starting to think he isn't nearly as dumb as he looks. A series of thoughts trickle into my head, more of that coded gibberish and a second later the words bloom before my eyes. 
“Save your energy, Azina. You belong to me now.”
Easy for him to say, but all I can think about is escaping. I scan the shadows and see a few scattered Zees standing in the dim light. No way to know how far down I am. More calming commands form inside my head. He's reading my thoughts, knows I'm itching to get out of here and leave him in a heap of red goo. But along with the code is another strand of information, one I'm sure he isn't even aware of. An image of that red bastard in real life, before he turned, before the world went to shit. He's dressed in a pair of blue overalls, mopping the floor in a gymnasium, just like the one in this very complex. In fact, the very same one. And in this image, a woman in a tight pink outfit traipses over his clean floor and suddenly his vision blurs with rage. He wants to strangle this woman. Wants to pull her into the closet where he keeps all his brooms and cleaning detergents and make her pay for what she's done. 
There was something special about his – what did Oleg call them again? – his genetics. That's why he didn't become a drone like the others. 
The Hive leader is over by a table with his back to me and I can see in the shredded rags he's wearing the vague outline of what was once his cleaning uniform. I haven't a clue what they used to call Grinders before the fall, but the end of the world has certainly been kind to him. 
I see something that sends icy fingers dancing up my spine. That red prick's cutting open his own arm and wringing the blood into some kind of bowl. No, not a bowl, it's a drinking cup and something tells me it isn't for him. He's laughing now; the room's as quiet as a tomb, but he's in my head, laughing and telling me to be calm, that it'll all be over soon.



Chapter 27


I know what's about to happen. He's going to make me drink the blood he’s wringing out of his arm and then who knows what the hell will happen. If there are worse things than becoming a Zee, I'm about to find out. 
I can't help thinking of that lady in pink, the one he wanted to dominate. My eyes scan through the darkness and I see that my things have been kicked into a corner; my pack, repeater, and most important of all, my Katana. Why didn't he leave them? Maybe because that sick fuck is collecting trophies.
I try to wrench my wrists free from the metal cuffs. The noise is kicking up a racket, but at this stage I don't really care. That cup is nearly full and I'm not in the mood to find out what will happen when it is. 
Movement from the corner of my eye. A shape in the darkness, slight and hunched over and the movement strikes me as odd. Zees don't hunch. 
The Hive leader's turning around now, but I’m not looking at him anymore. My eyes are locked on that shape. It's moving to the corner of the room, the one where my things are stashed, and a split second later it disappears. When I look back I see that the red bastard's heading my way, cup in hand, blood sloshing over the sides. Behind him I see a flash of steel and hear a thump as a Zee's head rolls off its body, then a second and a third.
The Hive leader turns around. The bodies of three headless Zees lay on the ground, their jaws gnashing at empty air. 
“Sneak, watch out!” I scream. 
I can feel the Hive leader trying to keep me pinned to the chair. He's calling for help, but all the Zees in the room are dead and it'll take time for his reinforcements to arrive. A blade cuts through the darkness. The Hive leader spins around, holding his belly. Sneak's opened his stomach like a can of worms and now his guts are spilling out onto the floor. More slashes and a deep line appears across his throat, releasing a waterfall of blood. Then another slash and off comes the hand with the cup. It falls to the ground, painting the floor red. 
“Finish him,” I shout.
Another blur of movement, but this time he's ready for her. She's in the top arc of her swing when he catches her by the throat. Sneak's legs are three feet off the ground, kicking at dead air. She's trying to swing at him, but he's shaking her like a ragdoll. The sword drops from her hand, clanking onto the floor. Even in the dim light I can see her eyes starting to roll up in their sockets. A sick gurgling sound is coming from her throat. In a few seconds she'll be dead.



Chapter 28


Blood oozes from my wrists where the restraints are cutting into my skin. All I wanna do is pry his fingers off her throat. Tears well up in my eyes. I want it more than I've ever wanted anything in my whole life. 
Then comes a snapping sound. The Hive leader's fingers are bending back on themselves at queer angles. And suddenly the room is lit up brighter than the full moon festival and I know right away what's doing it. My eyes are glowing. 
Sneak falls to the ground, clutching her neck. The Hive leader turns to me, his guts dangling about him like a butcher's apron, his fingers bent back at odd angles. Blood streams from his throat and his severed hand, but it's his eyes that I see. They're wide and disbelieving. A flash of steel from behind and the Hive leader’s eyes go wide. The first of his frantic thought waves hit me just as his head rolls off his shoulders and hits the floor with a wet slapping sound. I wanna hug Sneak so bad, but there isn't any time. I can already feel a group of those things nearby and suddenly my body feels so weak, I'm not sure I'll be able to stand up. 
Sneak uses a key from the table to undo the restraints and I immediately fall to the floor. She's over me now, her face caked in blood and dirt, but I'm just happy she's alive though I’m still not entirely sure how she has survived. She grabs my pack and repeater and helps me to my feet. I feel her eyes linger over the patch of rough brown skin on the side of my face. The light from my eyes is gone, and already I can feel my strength returning. We're at the door, about to leave, when I feel that red bastard still trying to mess around inside my head. That's all he is now, just a head and I'm tempted to walk over and stomp his brains out, but there isn't time. The Zees are almost here.



Chapter 29


We come out into a concrete structure. Low ceiling, filled with abandoned vehicles. The smell of oil and old rubber is strong. They used to call them cars, I know that much, but right now they look more like dust-covered coffins to me. Sneak's got her arm around me and I’m thankful, ‘cause I know I won’t make it five feet without her. Strings of Zee code are buzzing around inside my head, telling me to stay, ordering me still, but I'm muscling on. He isn't as strong as he was before Sneak sent my Katana slashing through his neck. 
Up ahead is a red metal door with a small busted out window. Behind us comes the hissing. Sneak's face is a mask of calmness and it gives me strength. She managed to evade a horde of them all on her own. Only difference was, at the time, she didn't have any dead weight to carry. I glance back and my heart freezes in my chest. Lesson number one, I remind myself. When a pack of killing machines is nipping at your heels, never look back. 
There must be well over a hundred of them, lumbering between the hulks of rotting cars, some scrambling over obstacles, all the while their eyes locked on the two of us with eerie determination. They're less than ten yards away when we reach the door and my only hope is that it isn't locked. Locked means we're dead, or worse. For a split second, as my hand reaches for the handle and my thumb pushes the lever, I'm furious that Sneak came back for me. Furious, because she had a chance to escape and now her life is in the hands of a rusted antique door. 
I feel the lever begin to give and then jam. Sneak looks up at me like she knows this is it but at least she tried. They're less than ten feet away now and the smell they give off suddenly makes the homeless of Sotercity seem like the perfumed upper classes. 
I give a final push and the sound of grinding metal gives way to a click and I swing the door open and shove Sneak in first. I'm right behind her, pulling the door closed when it stops short. One of the Zee's has his arm wedged inside and now the bloody thing won't shut. Another Zee's hissing at me through the broken window. His breath makes my eyes water. Sneak takes the Katana and lops off the arm in the door. There's a squishing sound as I pull it shut. I snatch the blade from her and give the one in the window a quick lobotomy. I feel that pin prick again and a pang of momentary guilt, like I'm killing my own kind, but I know they'd just as soon tear us both apart as look at us. 



Chapter 30


Stairs. Lots of stairs and I'm clinging to the railing like some kind of makeshift crutch. Each flight gets easier and easier and I'm suddenly aware of a pain at the back of my skull. My fingers dance around until they find a wet knot of flesh. Must have been when the Hive leader knocked me out in the tunnel. I can't help thinking about that blood he wanted to pour down my throat. It's obvious he isn't just another mindless drone. On some level he can still think, so what the hell is he after? I glance over at Sneak. Her hair is slicked back with some kind of motor oil and her clothes are torn in places. Then I see her neck, it’s swollen where that headless sonofabitch was squeezing the life out of her. He didn't break the skin. I can see that even from here. Then I catch sight of the bandage on her right arm. Must have missed that in all the commotion. 
“You’re hurt,” I say. 
“I’m fine,” she signs back. 
I stop her and try to examine the wound but she shrugs me off. She's angry, I can see it in her face and by the way she's signing so fast her fingers are practically tripping over one another. She found an elevator shaft and cut her arm climbing into the car. Says the Zees kept chasing her and dozens must have stepped off into midair, only to splatter their brains below. 
I’m still chuckling at the thought when we reach the top level and step out into what looks like the living quarters, except I don't recognize any of skeletons strewn about. I reach down and pluck a diamond necklace off one of the corpses. Sneak does the same. The instinctual part of me is saying forget the loot and focus on finding a way out of this deathtrap, but another part of me is saying you never know when you're going to need a little cash. 
It isn't long before I get my bearings. Soon we come to Glave's wife, still lying where Ret filled her head with buckshot. We pass through the theater and then the gymnasium. 
We exit the gym and head down the escalators. There might be another way out of here. Hell, I'm sure we only scratched the surface of this complex, but right now I'm not interested in exploring. 
It isn't long before we reach a mountain of dead Zees. Hundreds of them, maybe more. Their bodies clog the final escalator before the train station entrance and we don’t have a choice but to climb over them. 
I realize quickly this isn't as easy as it looks. Even a severed head still has the power to bite and turn you, but more important than that, if one of them sees us, all of them see us. Sneak and I hunker down and weigh our options. As we sign back and forth I spot the pile moving in places. More bodies lie at the foot of the stairs, but beyond that is the doorway to the train yard and the tunnel to freedom. 
Sneak signs her opinion. She thinks we should just make a break for it. The look in her eyes tells me she just wants to get the hell out of here. So do I. 
On my count we spring up and clamber over the bodies clogging the escalator. I step on a darkened Zee face in the tangle of arms and legs and see its jaw clamp down around the toe of my boot. Thing’s trying to bite through, but his teeth can't penetrate the thick leather. Either way, they’ve seen us and the damage is already done. I send the tip of my Katana into his forehead and his lights go out for good, but not before I catch the mental warning he sends to all his Zee buddies. Almost in unison, the pile begins to ripple with movement. 
“Run!” I scream to Sneak. The pile’s become a mountain of clawed hands. We get to the bottom in a series of giant steps, trying our best to avoid getting snagged. A writhing mass of butchered Zees is the last place you want to have a fall. 
The landing is littered with body parts too, but most of these ones are long gone, thanks to Bron and his 20mm guns. 
Only seconds later and we're through the shattered barricade and into the station. The train is still there, its nose pointing at the vault door. To my left is a trail of dead Zees leading up to where Bron and Ret held them back before making off in that rail car contraption. Beyond that I see Jinx, or at least what's left of him, face down and looking like a rag doll. That’s when I get another blast from Zee central. They're not far behind us and I'm about to tell Sneak that home is through that tunnel when I hear the voice.



Chapter 31


“Halt!”
I spin around to find a Warden near the front of the train, his rifle drawn and pointing right at me. What the hell is he doing here? He's still a good hundred yards away, but for a trained marksman that's close enough. I raise my hands, as does Sneak. She's looking up at me now and in a calm whisper I tell her to stay cool. Another Warden appears by the first, with an armful of discs. They've come to clean the place out. That means Oleg, Ret and Bron must have made it home. I'm overcome with joy, until a shot sails over my head and into the concrete wall behind us. 
“Hey, are you crazy!” I yell. 
More shots, these ones even closer. Sneak and I hop off the platform and make a dash for the tunnel. The Wardens decide to give chase, but no sooner do they pull even with the complex entrance than a swarm of Zees bursts through. I turn only long enough to see the two Wardens disappear in a sea of dark flesh. More voices call out from the vault. Must be another group of Skuld's men and now the Zees begin charging in that direction. We're deep in the tunnel when the screams finally die away.  
I'm still not sure why those Wardens were shooting at us. Zee's don't stop and put their hands up. Did they think we were scavengers from Sotercity? I pull to a stop and take a deep breath and listen. I don't have a sense that the Zees behind us are giving chase. My guess would be they're filling their bellies with Warden meat. Still, it's no reason to hang around. 
Sneak and I reach the opening and when that first blast of sunlight hits my face, I'm blinded with pain. Feels like hot pokers are stabbing my eyes. Even Sneak's covering her face. We've been underground too long. Slowly, the pain subsides and I look around. I can just make out the edges of Sotercity in the distance. After that army of Zees got free, I was half expecting to find a pillar of black smoke rising up from the city. And the mental image reminds me of that story The Keepers used to tell about the old God and how he once destroyed a place called Gomorrah. Of course, I'm relieved it hasn’t been touched. But if not toward Sotercity, where did the Zees go?



Also by Griffin Hayes

Novels
Malice
Dark Passage
Primal Shift
Nightfall

Novellas
Bird of Prey
Hive
Hive II
Hive III
The Neighbors

Short Stories
The Second Coming
The Grip
Fatherland

