INFERNO, PURGATORIO, PARADISO

A Novel by Jeff Vrolyks
Smashwords Edition
Copyright 2012 Jeff Vrolyks

I had no idea where I was. Worse is I had no idea who I am. But that started coming back to me piece by piece, and once it did I had a sneaking suspicion of where I might be, and that scared the hell out of me.
It was as though someone had clubbed me over the head and transported my unconscious body to the middle of nowhere, left me to find my way back or rot under the blistering sun—with rotting under the sun the far more likely of the two. A vast dirt and rock valley with absolutely no signs of life, vegetation or otherwise. Death Valley would have been more aptly named here. It was the kind of heat that you only read about, and ponder about while viewing images of the sand dunes of the Sahara. So hot that I when I looked up I expected to see a sun so enormous and near that I could reach up and touch it. But there was no sun. Surely there was but I couldn’t find it through the gray sky. Low hanging clouds were more like mist than any clouds I had ever seen, and there were no breaks in it. A monochromatically gray sky. The rock I sat upon was darker gray, pitted and abrasive like lava rock, and there were formations of these massive things everywhere. Even the fucking dirt was gray. It was like being in a black and white film.
I’m Jeff, that’s who I am. It came to me all at once. With marginal effort I came up with the rest: Jeffrey Jay Jacobs. Though I couldn’t begin to tell you who my parents are, I can state the obvious: they had an affinity for the letter J.
I felt my head for injury and found none. I kind of wish I had, because that would have answered my ‘how?’ and left me to wonder ‘why?’ Why the hell am I out in the middle of fucking nowhere and how do I have no recollection of it? Jeffrey Jay Jacobs, Jeffrey Jay Jacobs… I live… I couldn’t recall it by name but I visualized a house and sensed it was mine. The more I concentrated on this blurry image of a house, the sharper it became, as if I were looking at it through a camera lens that was slowly focusing on it. A 19th century (perhaps older) white two-story house, with many gables and a high vaulted roof. I could see the covered porch, the wrought iron bench and there was a wooden swing that I could hear if only in my mind, squeaking as it swung in the wind. Potted plants strewn about, and one such plant was against the edifice and tall enough to partially obscure the black iron decorative address. It could have fully obscured the address and I’d still be able to tell you that the number is 1571; the street I couldn’t begin to guess at. It looked like one of those houses you might imagine Thomas Jefferson or George Washington once living in, and because of that I was inclined to guess Virginia.
“Hello!” I bellowed as loudly as I could. There was no echo, which seemed strange considering the plentitude of rock. “Can anyone hear me?”
The idea that someone else was out here was almost as ludicrous as the idea of me being out here. This wasn’t a place for life, it was a place for death. But that didn’t mean there weren’t people in this valley; this low basin baking like an oven. I think what I smelled in the air was sulfur. Some of the rock formations were large enough that they could conceal something as large as passenger jet from my view. One cluster of rocks was so massive that a small village could have been on the other side of it. I stood up and began walking toward it. With some careful climbing I would be able to reach its apex, and from there I’d get a better idea of my greater environment, perhaps spot a distant road or interstate.
It was a ten minute walk to my destination. I traversed it in body only—my mind was working hard on remembrance. Jeffrey Jay Jacobs, I live at 1571 something street… Virginia? Bits and pieces is how I said my memory was returning, but some things came in chunks. I was midway to the rock when my most substantial recollection occurred. So abrupt and profound was this recollection that it impacted my heart to the degree that I feared collapsing. So crystal clear was this revelation of memory that it was like watching a movie in a theater, in 3D IMAX.
I worked at home. I was a writer, perhaps an editor. I had just taken a break from my work to go for a jog, as was my routine. I could see my office with as much detail as I could see the barren wasteland before me now. There was only one picture on my desk, and it was of a young woman whom I could not recall. The frame was real silver, old, and expensive enough to deduce that this young woman once possessed a great deal of my heart. Or perhaps still does, if only I could remember her. I was dressed in sweat pants and a tank top, a pair of running shoes was beside the front door of the house. After lacing them up I stretched my quads for the run. Did I live here alone? I wondered. There was only one set of keys on the rack so either I was a bachelor or my wife was at work or running errands.
I stepped outside and locked the door behind me. I bent forward to stretch my hamstrings. The wind was at my face; the love-swing swung with each gust, metal grating against wood, chirping and squeaking rhythmically. I looked up the street and down the street. The properties were large, houses spaced widely apart. The road was paved and curbed but all the driveways I could see were dirt—save for my own. Oak trees lined both sides of the street, their leaves clapping in the wind. It was mid-afternoon, which was ostensibly the reason why there were few cars parked on driveways, and not a single vehicle was parked on the street.
I began jogging. Before reaching the street to cut north, I glanced south and perceived something on the road in the great distance. The black asphalt had been lightened with age, giving stark contrast to a figure in jet-black. It was no more than a hazy black smudge, but had the basic shape of a person. I disregarded it and put to the street, due north.
The birds were singing. A distant hum of an engine might have been a tractor. A woman in a broad-rimmed straw hat was on all fours pulling weeds out of a flower bed near the street. She looked up and smiled at me, waved.
“Afternoon, Claire”
“Good afternoon, Jeff.”
I strode past her, turned off of Manchester (Ah yes, Manchester Lane is my street of residence) onto Lincoln Drive. One doesn’t tend to appreciate the sweet chorus of the bird, as it is something we take for granted, but it is so lovely and I had been cognizant of it as I reached the next intersection of Grant Drive. It dawned on me that they had ceased singing. I could hear only the distant hum of a tractor motor, whining as it dropped into a lower gear. I glanced south as I crossed the intersection and saw the distant black figure once again. Same image, different street. I stopped, breathing heavily and just beginning to perspire. I squinted at it to better account for what I was seeing. But as before, I couldn’t make it out. It stood center street. I couldn’t be sure it was a person, but I thought it was. Who would dress in all black? I couldn’t even see the flesh color of his or her face. It was a peculiar thing, but I made nothing of it and recommenced my brisk pace.
How far I ran or where I ran from there I could not say. It must not have made an impact on me because my subsequent recollection began at the next day—at least I sensed it was the next day, it could have been longer.
There I was, lacing up my shoes (Reeboks they were, I could identify the insignia on the heel) and stretching for my run. The house phone began ringing but I didn’t answer it. I now wished I had answered it, and asked the caller no small number of questions such as do you know what the hell happened to me? Am I missing person? Of course nothing the hell had happened to me at that time, and a missing person I was not. I let the machine pick up the call as I stepped out the front door and locked it. I bent forward to stretch my hamstrings; a gust of wind swayed the swing much as it did yesterday. The birds were quiet today. The air smelled sweet from the springtime bounty of flowers. I inhaled deeply through my nose and took to a jog. I didn’t look south down Manchester this time, but if I had I suspect I would have seen it again. Claire wasn’t in her flowerbed as I dashed by her house. I turned onto Lincoln and strode along. When I reached Grant a pickup truck was crossing the intersection northbound. As I crossed I stole a glance south where the truck had come. There it was. That damned black smudge in the distance. But it wasn’t the same as it was yesterday. It was… maybe a little bit bigger? Closer, that’s what it was. Not much, but enough to notice if you really considered it. And if I were a betting man, my money would be on it being a person. A man in all black standing in the middle of the street. Odd?—yes. But that wasn’t all that was odd about it. I stopped after I crossed the intersection and fixed on it. Yesterday it had been on Manchester before I found him on Grant. Had it ran east parallel with me only to stop in the middle of the subsequent road at the very moment I glanced down at it? And again today? How absurd a thought is that? My curiosity piqued.
I raised an arm and waved in broad friendly strokes. It didn’t move. Being that it was a trifle closer than it had been yesterday, there was a distinction now available for me to observe, and that was its face. A face with color, albeit not quite flesh colored. It was gray, or grayish, and some of that had to do with the sun being at its back—his front lost to shadows. I had a hunch that it was a mask he wore over his face. Why else would his face be gray?
I closed the door on this intrigue by turning away and retaking my swift pace.
My next memory was early that same evening. The sun was below the horizon, the sky pink and orange. I was walking to the street with the taste of beer in my mouth. Behind me was a broken Miller Lite bottle and a small puddle of beer. I ascertained that I had dropped it, and why I dropped it was evident: the black figure south on Manchester. Closer it had become, almost imperceptibly closer. A station wagon drove past me, heading in its direction. I watched raptly as the vehicle barreled down toward it. I anticipated seeing brake lights, for the driver would strike the man had he maintained his course. But the vehicle didn’t slow down, and the driver didn’t strike the figure. It was damned close, inches from impact, and I’d be surprised if the side-view-mirror didn’t clip its black sleeved arm. I waved at the interloper. It was staring at me, I was sure of it. It was completely still and might have been a statue donned in a black holocaust robe.
I had arrived at trepidation.
The following day I headed out for my afternoon jog. There was something in my pocket. I couldn’t say what it was, but it was bulky and I think it may have been a Buck knife. I didn’t stretch on the porch today. I ambled down the two steps onto the walkway, peering down the street at the source of my torment. Closer yet. Yes it was wearing a mask, I could see that now, though its detail was lost to the still-great distance separating us. I began my approach toward it, tentatively. With each step my heart beat increased. Every fiber of my being was telling me I’d find trouble if I persevered. My mind retained domain over my body, so my footfalls continued, small as they were. Soon my body became the governing force of my being, not my mind, and thus I came to a stop. I would have felt silly waving at it yet again if I wasn’t so wrapped up in my consternation. This man was trouble. I turned and decided not to run today, went inside my home and locked the deadbolt.
That night I stepped out onto my porch with a high ball glass in hand, scotch on the rocks. My patio light was bright, bringing daylight to the immediate area, and turning south Manchester invisible to the night. Was he down there? Maybe, maybe not. My heart seemed to think he was, as it was beating no less than had I just gotten home from a run. I flicked the light switch to off and had another gander. I could see better, but being that there are no street lamps, nothing short of the headlights of a car driving by would evince this man’s presence or lack thereof. I resolved to wait for just that. Manchester was far from a busy street, but it had some traffic, and I only had to wait a few minutes before a sedan was approaching from the north. I took a sip of my scotch and took a few steps nearer the street, fixed on where I estimated the man to be, and waited for the headlights to fill me in on the mystery.
Before that came to pass, the front door of the house across the street opened. A teenaged boy came out. Marshall was his name. His gait was purposeful, his direction was north up Manchester.
“Hey Marshall!” I called out, eyes then returning to their invisible destination.
“Hey. How are you doing, Mister Jacobs?”
I held my hand up gesturing him to hold on for a second, and watched as the headlights of the sedan washed over the black shrouded man in the street. The vehicle was apparently indifferent to it, and that was as alarming as anything. It narrowly avoided clipping the man as it passed, and once again he returned to the shadows of deep night.
I turned my attention to the boy.
“Marshall, would you come over here a minute? Please?”
He nodded and hustled over. I believe he was a sophomore in high school this year, and damn if he hadn’t grown six inches over the last year. He was fifteen and as tall as me.
“What can I do for you?” He asked in transit.
I directed my eyes toward the invisible figure and said, “What’s the deal with that guy in the street?”
“Guy?” He followed my gaze. “What guy?”
“There’s been a guy in a black friggin robe standing in the street these last few days. Don’t tell me you haven’t seen him.”
He scratched his cheek. “Who is it?”
“Hell if I know. You haven’t seen him?”
“No.”
“Are you in a hurry? Could you hang out for a minute or two, until another car passes by so you can take a look for yourself?”
Marshall looked doubtfully at me. He asked if everything was all right. In his tone was skepticism. He thought I was loony, and maybe I was.
“Yeah, yeah, fine. Just stick around for a minute, okay?”
He nodded and looked down the road.
It was several long minutes before another vehicle came by, and I was relieved because the kid was looking quite impatient. I told him to keep his eyes on the road, about fifty yards out. He nodded.
It was an old Cadillac heading south, and belonged to a couple seniors who lived only a few houses down from me. Because of that, the beaten track of its headlights never fully reached the man in black before turning onto the dirt driveway. But it created enough light that I could see its silhouette. Marshall had to have seen it. The eyes of a young man like Marshall were far superior to my own.
“Well…?” I said.
“Well what?”
I didn’t need to ask him what he thought because his tone said it all: he didn’t see him. I said wait right here a moment and hustled to the house to get my car keys.
“Mister Jacobs, I really ought to be going. My friend is expecting me.”
“Please, Marshall. I’ll make it worth your while.”
I didn’t see him nod as I entered the house. Seconds later I had the keys in hand and headed toward my driveway and waved Marshall over. I unlocked the doors of my Explorer and groped out my wallet before taking a seat.
“Here, for your trouble,” I said and offered him a twenty dollar bill. “It will only be a minute. I’ll even drive you to your friend’s afterward.”
“All right, cool.” He pocketed the cash.
I started the car and hit the lights, rolled forward.
Something peculiar happened when I pulled off the driveway and onto Manchester, south. My foot hovering over the gas pedal was hell bent on moving over to the brake. I fought my own damn leg and forced it to accelerate me down the road, and the vehicle surged with a surprised moan before cruising idly from a release of the pedal. I could feel the boy’s eyes on me.
“Sorry, car’s been having some issues lately. Keep your eyes on the road. He’s just up there.”
I gave it some more gas and moved along ten, twenty yards before I had lost complete control of my leg and it stamped down on the brake, putting us at a dead stop in the middle of the road. When I flicked the lever of the lights to high beams, I gasped at what I saw. It was him, and the distance that I had closed between us, scant as it may be, was enough to reveal a whole new level of distinction. His shape, his hooded head, his mask. The fuckin’ guy would scare the piss out of me on Halloween wearing something like that, and here we were in the spring, calendar pages away from masquerading as goblins, demons, death and devils.
The boy was leaning forward in his seat, squinting. My sharp gasp had gotten him to take my enterprise seriously, though there was no fear in his expression. Because there was no fear, I was forced to accept the impossibility that Marshall was blind to what was so clear to me.
“How could you not see that, Marshall? How’s your vision?”
“It’s good. Sorry, man, I just don’t see what you want me to see.”
I nodded, feigned some degree of apathy toward this turn of events, lest he tell his folks that neighbor-Jeff is nuttier than a fruitcake, and I apologized to him for wasting his time. I had no troubles throwing the car into reverse and applying ample pressure to the gas pedal. That my body was in full agreement with its master.
“Where’s your friend live? I’ll give you a lift.”
The next two days I didn’t leave my house.
On the third day I desperately needed to hit the market. I wasn’t the type of shopper who bought for a week or two at a time. I was more impulsive than that, shopped several times a week, buying what struck my fancy at the time. I wished I was the former rather than the latter kind of shopper just then. Grudgingly I decided to head out for groceries, and did so during the night. I normally would have turned left out of my driveway, as the market is south-east of my home, but today I turned right, decided to take the long way to the market. Without rhyme or reason I drove a few blocks north before turning east at the first intersection possessing a stop-light. I took comfort in other cars being both ahead and behind me. Safety in numbers.
Longview Avenue was the street the market was on; I turned southbound onto it. I was behind an old beater of a coupe, cruising at the speed limit of thirty-five. I exhaled deeply and considered a medical explanation for my woes, such as bad wiring in the eyes. Bad wiring in the eyes is preferable to bad wiring in the brain, and a hell of a lot more correctable and agreeable to live with.
I was just pondering making an appointment with a doctor when the headlights of the beater coupe illuminated a dark figure, center street.
“No… don’t do that… why?”
I had a decision to make and it needed to be made right damn now. It was made in favor of continuing on, and as a reward for my bravery I was granting my disquieted soul a reprieve from seeing the man by closing my eyes as I motored past him. That was the plan, at least. I squinted shut my eyes, touched my forehead against my steering-wheel-clutching hands, hating my cowardice in contention with my newfound corrupted sanity—or eyes; let’s not forget that bad wiring in the eyes might be responsible.
A car honked, which instilled in me hope. Hope that someone other than me was included in this mess and wanted this man in black to get the hell out of the road, and out of our lives. But that wasn’t the case. The petulant man or woman tapping the horn was behind me, and did so because Jeffrey Jay Jacobs had decided to hit the brakes and put a halt to southbound traffic on Longview Avenue.
I looked over my shoulder and saw two pairs of headlights; two cars that were disadvantaged by the road’s solitary lane and crazed motorists parking where they damn well wanted to.
A longer honk.
There were no cars currently headed north in the opposing lane, so I gave in to my panic and cranked the wheel, gassed it, and made a U-turn. In my mind I took a quick inventory of non-perishable food-stuffs in my pantry, and wondered how long I could get by on Top Ramen and cans of corn.
Back in the here-and-now I had arrived at the rock formation. Was it lava rock? I’m pretty sure it was. Sure was a lot of it considering there are no volcanoes in… well I didn’t know where I was, but I had never lived near a volcano.
What the hell was that black thing?
My throat was parched, and if I had a wallet full of hundreds I’d have given it all for a glass of water. That gave me an idea. I felt my back pocket for a wallet. At least I’d know what state I lived in—and my age, for that matter. But there was no wallet. There was nothing in my pockets. My jeans were old and dirty, my white tee-shirt sweaty and caked with dirt. I had a wristwatch. The funny thing is, it was a calculator-watch. A small LCD screen reading the time digitally, and a dozen tiny numbered buttons on a panel. It was straight out of the 80’s. I reflected back to my jogs, stretching there on the porch, and could see my left wrist. There was indeed a watch, but it wasn’t this one. It was a nice analogue watch. Why the hell was I wearing this thing now? More vexing was that it made me feel funny looking at it, butterflies in my stomach. If it was accurate, it was 3:36 PM, and with the press of a button I saw that it was Tuesday, November 3rd. Because it said November and not March, I believe the watch was broken. Then again, how did I know it wasn’t November? Because my recent memory had me jogging in early spring? Maybe it wasn’t as recent a memory as I thought.
I made my way up the rocks. The smell of sulfur was becoming less, and I attribute that to having been breathing it continually for some time now. The top rock was a little tricky to get to. I had to scale nearly vertically eight feet, and if I lost my footing it would be bad, broken-bone bad. Maybe worse. I dry swallowed as looked down—it burned, felt like I swallowed a hot cinder. I took extra caution in climbing, slowly made my way to the top. Just before declaring victory over this formation of rock, my left foot slipped off its narrow grooved ledge and I gasped. I gripped the rock with all my might to avoid falling, brought my foot back up to the ledge. I felt a sting on the side of my calf, figured I hitched my pant leg up on the falter and scraped my leg on the ruthlessly abrasive rock.
I made it to the top and laid on my back to catch my breath before having a gander. The clouds didn’t move at all. There was no wind, not even a breath of air, so that would explain the still clouds. The damned things were acting as a blanket, trapping the hot sulfuric air below it. I stood up and had a look around. The valley was oblong, shaped almost like a football, with one end of it higher in elevation than the other. The ridge environing the valley was (you guessed it) more of this damned gray lava rock. I was disheartened to find no roads, and petrified to find no water. I’d die here if I didn’t find something to drink. That was the cold hard truth of it all. I wanted answers to my many questions, but none of that amounted to shit if I died here in want of drink.
I turned and turned, scrutinizing every direction. Each survey taken of vast arid nothingness was a nail in the coffin; there was no way out of this. Sure I could hike across the valley and over the nearest ridge, but then what would I find? If there’s salvation just over a ridge, which one would it be? I could just as easily be distancing myself from salvation as headed for it. And that’s assuming I didn’t die of thirst in the endeavor.
I turned around and saw something. Like on my jogs, I spied a little smudge miles away. Maybe not miles, but still pretty far. It wasn’t black, but white. It was the first example of color other than gray since I came through here, with the exception of my cruddy jeans and disgusting white tee-shirt. I waved my arms overhead.
“Please be a person and not an illusion.” I shouted hello at him or her or it. It wasn’t moving. I shouted again, louder this time, wreaking havoc upon my already abused throat. I sighed and contemplated my recourse. Staying put wouldn’t help anything, so that meant I needed to get a move on. And which direction I put to wasn’t something to put much thought into, because any direction had just as good a chance at being the wrong way as it had the right way. So why not head in the direction of the person in white? God I hoped it was a person. If it were a person, he or she would likely be dead, just as I would be soon enough without drink.
As I climbed down the rocks I considered what I’d do if it were a dead person. To be honest, it was my body bringing up the subject, not my mind. My thirst was asking me this question. Salvation could lie beyond any of these ridges, but the chance of making it over without drink was slim to none. Humans are somewhat of a canteen, are they not? Blood is very drinkable. I dismissed the idea as an impossibility, taboo, but my body didn’t. I think it had its own plans for me; it would get a drink if one presented itself by any number of unthinkable means. Ironically as I yearned to put liquid in my body, my body was having a heyday pushing liquid out of it, sweating profusely. My shirt clung to me like paste. Even if I did give in to my need of drinking by harvesting liquid (blood) from a corpse, wouldn’t the corpse have to be somewhat fresh? Does that kind of thing matter? Does it evaporate from a body rotting under the sun? I never would have guessed in a million years that I’d be having a discussion with myself about this very topic.
Once at the bottom I headed in the direction of the white smudge. I couldn’t see it from down here. Maybe I did see it, it was hard to say. It was just a little dot, and I did see something kind of like that, but it might have just been light catching the edge of a rock. As I made my way there, I recalled more of that memory at my residence on Manchester Lane.
I had all the blinds closed, windows and doors locked. It was the morning after my attempt to buy groceries that I made a phone call to my niece Emmy. Emmy is the daughter of my sister Liz. Liz and her newest husband (third time’s a charm) recently moved to the west coast. Emmy stayed behind, as she was enrolled in college as a freshman at Virginia Tech. She’s my favorite niece, and I suspect even if she wasn’t my only niece she’d still be my favorite. And she loved her uncle Jeff. I liked to take her out and spoil her when she was younger, and now that she’s eighteen we’re more like friends than uncle-niece. I try to give her boy advice from time to time. I’m only sixteen years older than her so it’s not like I’m telling her how I used to walk uphill both ways to work in three feet of snow. And I’m twelve years younger than Emmy’s mother Liz, putting me between their generations.
Emmy picked up the phone on the second ring with a cheerful, “Uncle Jeff! How’s it going?”
“Great,” I lied. “You really don’t have to call me uncle. Jeff is fine.”
“I know, I know. It’s a hard habit to break.”
I asked her how classes were going and felt ashamed that I didn’t pay any attention to her response. From her tone I surmised they were going well. Typically I genuinely care about her state of affairs but it wasn’t happening today. I wanted her to finish talking about herself so we could move on to me. Uncle Jeff the Self Centered, pleased to meet you.
“How about yourself?” She finally said.
“Well, Emmy… things are a little strange these days. I’d really love it if you could stop by and hang out for a little while, so we can talk about it. Do you have classes today?”
“Yes, but I’ll be done by three. Want me to come over after that?”
“Would you mind? It would mean a lot to me.”
“Is everything okay, Unc… I mean Jeff?”
“I’m not sure. I want to say yes, but I fear it isn’t.”
There was silence on the other end of the phone before she said, “Are you sick? Is something wrong?”
“No, nothing like that. I’d rather tell you in person. Show you in person, if that’s possible.”
“You got me worried. I can’t wait till three to find out what’s wrong. Can’t you tell me?”
“It’s nothing serious, don’t worry yourself over it.”
I suppose she heard it as a lie, because it was.
“My first class isn’t for an hour and a half, so I’m coming over now. Okay?”
“If that suits you better.”
“I’ll be there in ten minutes.”
“Great. Just come—” I almost said come right in, the door will be unlocked, but I knew the door wouldn’t be because I had no plans of unlocking it till she knocked and I saw her face through the peep-hole. “I’ll see you then. Drive safe.”
Ten minutes is what I had before she arrived, more than enough time to change into something nice. I was inclined to want to wear a suit. Even amid my torment, my vanity shone through. I liked to dress successfully around my relatives, and Emmy was no exception. In an eight-hundred dollar suit and three-hundred dollar Prada loafers, sipping fifty-year-old scotch in a crystal glass that came from a crystal decanter, I would sit cross-legged in my leather office chair and tell Emmy that she could really be something in life if she stuck to her goals, applied herself. Her uncle Jeff had worked two jobs while taking night classes at a community college before getting excepted at Brown University and attaining a Master’s degree in literature, and now edits a great many books that can not only be found in bookstores but on book shelves at the local market. Big named authors. Anyone could do it if they applied themselves, especially ones as bright as Emmy. God I hoped she would take a different path than her mother and aunt, who possessed the smarts for success but had chosen to be housewives for rich assholes. They were a lot alike, my sisters Liz and Jane, and had little in common with their younger brother Jeff.
I rebuked the idea of dressing up. Shorts and a tee-shirt were good enough before I decided to invite Emmy over, so they were good enough for her visit. It was early, too early for scotch, so I poured myself two fingers of it instead of three and planned on sipping it but instead pounded it. I stared at the closed slats of the Venetian blinds covering my office window. Framing the blinds was a thin band of daylight punching though the gap. I was impelled to look outside. Marshall’s folks Steve and Cathy lived in the house across the street from me, and that was my view. Perhaps I could have been more successful, as I could think of a great many better views than Steve’s fat wife Cathy. Did I just call that nice woman fat? She really was pleasant, and I was fond of her. But if she gained any more weight they’d need to expand the doors of their home to accommodate her girth. A doctor would call her morbidly obese. But I’d take that view (cordial Steve and heifer Cathy) over the one of the man in a black any day and twice on Sunday, as the expression goes.
I poured the finger of scotch that I had withheld seconds ago and didn’t stop at one finger but added two more, and took the glass in hand, stepped in front of the window and held my breath as I pried open two slats with a thumb and forefinger. My eyes were unaccustomed to daylight after two days of solitary confinement in a house closed off to the outside world, so I squinted at it. I inhaled deeply and exhaled slowly, felt some tension dissipate from my neck and shoulders. There was my neighbor’s house. And though Cathy wasn’t outside, had she been I’d have greeted her with a candid smile through the gap in the blinds. Was I expecting to come face to face with the masked tormentor? I kind of was. This man or woman or thing or entity or whatever the hell it was, was doing a splendid job at fraying the last ends of my sanity. I looked south but could see no farther south than the Dugan house, which neighbored Steve and Cathy’s. Still, let’s not discount that so hastily; it was a victory nonetheless. Small victories are still victories.
I released the slats and sat in my office chair brooding. What if Emmy can’t see the thing? What if she can? Which did I prefer? Did it matter which I preferred? That question I did have an answer to and it was no. She either saw it or didn’t, and no amount of hope would change that. What would it mean if she did see it? A better question is what would it mean if she didn’t see it. That I’m insane, no doubt. People who see things that others do not are insane. I see dead people, that kid said in Sixth Sense. Him and nobody else saw them. What he had was a gift; what I have feels like a curse. Look at me, talking about that little actor boy like he was real.
I snatched the framed picture off the desk and looked at it, sipped scotch. My heart panged. Anna Macintyre was her name. Is her name. My high school sweetheart. That’s what she was, though she never knew it. I was her best friend, not her boyfriend, and she was my girlfriend if only in my mind. God how I loved her. I mean really loved her, not infatuated or wanted to get in her pants or anything like that. It was Anna who suggested that I follow my passion of literature and become a writer. Well I’m not an author, but an editor is a writer, too. When I consider my success in the industry I like to give her some credit, because she was quite persuasive in her encouragements.
“Anna, Anna, Anna…” I wonder where you are today? Married with a couple sticky-fingered brats, most likely.
I hated myself every time I remembered the several instances when I almost told her how I felt about her but retracted my already-in-the-works admission, changed the subject, told her it was nothing really, just forget it. Was it possible that she knew how I felt, but since she didn’t reciprocate that love she pretended to be oblivious of it? I’m sure that’s exactly how it was. Why must I be so shy and awkward around women? For four years Anna was my world, and at eighteen when she got accepted into LSU and I was enrolling in community college a thousand miles from LSU, we said our goodbyes and promised to keep in touch. We did keep in touch, at first. But as it always goes, when that great a distance separates two people, keeping in touch becomes less and less and finally dies altogether. I blame myself. She called me and wrote me letters regularly enough, but it was I who got lazy in our correspondence and I’ll never forgive myself for it. Nor will I forgive Mary for it. It was Mary who I began dating during that time, and because I was focused on her, infatuated with the woman whom I lost my virginity to, I had neglected my dear friendship with Anna. It is because I ruined my relationship with Anna that her picture remains on my office desk. A reminder of where I went wrong in life. I went right in life by most accounts, but not this one. How poetic and chivalrous it would be for me to say I’d trade it all away for another day with Anna, but would I? Would I really? My heart said yes but my mind said no.
The doorbell rang.
I replaced the picture and left my office. Through the peep-hole I saw the concerned eyes of Emmy. They were the pretty blue eyes of her mother and grandma—I had gotten my father’s boring brown eyes. I unlocked the deadbolt and opened the door, stood aside as to not look directly outside, let my niece inside and wasted no time in relocking the deadbolt.
Was she wondering why I wasn’t dressed in a suit today? Had she ever seen me dressed in anything other than a suit? I couldn’t recall, but I doubt she had. There goes my vanity once again, in full bore. We hugged.
“Can I get you something to drink or eat?” I thought about that and amended, “Well I don’t have much to eat, but how about some juice? Or… you’re in college now, I’m sure you go to parties and drink; would you care for a glass of scotch? I don’t have any beer.”
I hated my fool mouth. Was I really offering my eighteen-year-old niece alcohol? Boy, if Liz were here she’d lay into me. And she’d have every right to.
Emmy’s already troubled eyes became more concerned. “No thank you. I have classes, remember?”
“So you do drink,” I said, and damned if I knew why I said such an abominable thing. “I’m sorry, you don’t have to answer that. Let’s go have a seat in the living room.”
She followed me. We sat partially facing each other on the couch.
“I see you’ve been drinking,” she said with a hint of a smile. “Or smell, is the better word.”
“I normally don’t drink this early. The reason why I have is the same reason why you’re here now, and I thank you for coming over.” Impulsively I went to take a sip of my scotch and realized I had left it on the desk in my office.
“What’s wrong, Jeff?”
“Did you see anything on your drive over, by chance? Here on Manchester? A guy in a black robe?”
“No. Why?”
I had no immediate response to that. Did I want Emmy to think I’m nuts? My vanity was as such that I grudgingly abstained from wearing a suit for her arrival, and now I was positioning myself to intimate to her that I’m losing my mind.
“I… I…” God, what do I say? Just be honest, old Jeffrey old chap, old bean. Pip Pip! Tell the lass the ripping good yarn of a man in black who haunts you.
Emmy leaned forward and put a hand on my own, peered sympathetically into my eyes, conveying to me that I could say anything to her and she’d be just fine with it; go ahead and tell me you’re gay, Uncle Jeff, I won’t judge you; thirty four is a little old to have no prospects of a wife, isn’t it? Tell me you have pancreatic cancer and caught it too late, and your days are numbered, I’ll be here for you. Tell me you struck and killed a vagrant with your car on a dark stormy night and instead of reporting it to the cops you buried him in the wood, as to preserve your good name. There’s nothing you cannot confide in me, Uncle Jeff.
That endearing gesture works like gangbusters in the movies, but it doesn’t do shit in the real world. Truth be known, it made me wish I was wearing a suit and I don’t know why. God bless her heart for the thought, but what I needed wasn’t her sympathetic blue eyes reaching into mine, but a few more fingers of that damned scotch. It’s easier to confide in Johnny Walker than Emmy Jacobs—no offense, Emmers.
“Just a second,” I said and left the couch.
I returned a minute later with two stout glasses of scotch; one was quite heavier than the other. I retook my seat and proffered the glass with less scotch to Emmy. I wouldn’t take no for an answer. I didn’t need to take no for an answer. She accepted the glass, drank the scotch with me staring pie-eyed at her, then sat the empty glass on the coffee table.
“Now tell me!” She said with a faint grin.
I took a sip of my own, leering at her.
“You better not tell mom I just drank that.”
That little interaction was far more endearing than what she had done with the hand and sympathetic eyes. It wasn’t show, it was real. She just confided in me that she does indeed drink, if only for sport or socializing or whatever may be the case. And I’ll tell you something else, she didn’t have a whisky face when she swallowed it. You know, the ugly wrenching of the face that comes from swallowing such an intense flavor. Apparently she had inherited her uncle’s tolerance for scotch—tolerance, ha! I cherished scotch.
“Have I ever told your mother anything you’ve confided in me? We’re friends, Emmy. Friends first, uncle-niece second. I’m sorry for forcing that drink on you. I just… well I worry what you’ll think of me after you hear what I have to say. It’ll be easier for me to say after a drink, and figured it would be easier for you to hear after one, too.”
“You’re gay, is that it?” She said with a sober face. I was stunned by her supposition. She erupted in laughter. I then laughed too.
“I wish it were that simple. Here’s the thing, Emmy.”
I proceeded to tell her of the figure in black. I contended that apparently I was the only one who could see him, or it. I related the trip to the market where I found him all the way out on Longview Avenue. I said he was getting nearer and nearer every time I encountered him, and what could that possibly mean? I admitted that I hadn’t left the house these last two days, hadn’t so much as looked outside until five minutes ago when I peeked through the blinds, and I didn’t see him then, so that was a good sign, was it not?
I took a deep breath and awaited her response.
“Well…?” She said. “Are you going to tell me or what?”
Okay, so I didn’t tell her anything, but I said it all in my head and I sounded like a lunatic even to myself.
Notwithstanding, I told her everything, only the subject matter wasn’t the man in black but of my high school sweetheart Anna Macintyre. I told her how I never really got over her, how much she meant to me. I laid it all out on the table, all right. I was misty-eyed toward the end. It was the first time I’d ever confessed my love for her to anyone, and damn if it didn’t feel therapeutic to do so. But I was wasting Emmy’s time. I didn’t need advice about Anna, I need it about the man in black. But I came to the conclusion that I was too chickenshit to admit to her that I was seeing things.
“Uncle Jeff,” she said exasperatedly, “why did you want me to come over, really? To tell me about Anna? What was your purpose in asking me if I saw a man in a black robe? That’s what this is all about, isn’t it?”
“I don’t know, Em. Maybe I just needed some company, and I miss you. We don’t spend as much time together as we once did. It’s great to see you. I still can’t get over how you’re a woman now. No more cute little Emmers in pig tails, lapping up a Flintstones push-pop.” She smiled. “You look a lot like your mother did at your age. Very pretty.”
Her cheeks flushed. “Stop changing the subject. Is there a man stalking you or something?”
“I doubt it. Yeah, there is a man in a black robe and I’ve been seeing him around lately, but I don’t think… it’s not a big—”
“If it’s not a big deal, why did you invite me over, and don’t give me that bullshit about missing me.” She grinned disarmingly.
I stared into her eyes for a moment before mindlessly saying, “Ever think about your mortality?”
“My mortality?” Her brow had arched. “I suppose.”
Have you ever noticed that when you write—or sometimes it happens when you talk to someone about your personal thoughts—you begin to learn things about yourself? Or things start to make more sense? It happens often with me, and it did just then.
“Yeah, mortality. We’re all going to die someday, and I’m sure it won’t happen to you for eighty years, but still, it’s going to happen to us all. We each owe God a death, and He is the only one who knows when that day is. For the sake of the argument let’s just say that I know my day is forty years from now, to the day. In forty years I’ll die. I picture a guillotine, the slanted sharp blade of a guillotine miles and miles above me; heck, thousands of miles above me. It is falling now, you see. Eventually it will enter the earth’s atmosphere and ultimately it will chop through the clouds and fall, fall, fall down to Manchester Lane where it will cut my head off. Obviously that’s not how I’ll die, but you understand what I’m saying, right? Maybe I’ll die of a heart attack—I do have high blood pressure and cholesterol—but a death is a death. That blade is descending upon every single person on earth. For you that blade is eighty or ninety years above you, but it’ll find you one day. When you see an old man at the hospital, that blade is so very near. I’ve often thought it would be wonderful to know what day that blade will arrive so I could milk the most out of life before then. But then again, knowing that date would be all-consuming. It would be more of a detriment than a benefactor. Maybe it’s best we don’t know.”
“Is that the scotch talking?” She said and grinned measuredly.
“Maybe it is,” I said and matched her grin. “This guy in the black robe just reminded me of that concept, of the guillotine, because the couple times I’ve seen him he’s been a little closer from the last time. Encroaching. Maybe he’s just a stalker; more than likely I have some bad wiring in my eyes and what I’m seeing is just a shadow. I guess the impact it has had on me is the idea of mortality.”
“How’s your health, other than high cholesterol and blood pressure? You look to be in good health.”
“Yeah, I’m fine. I don’t mean to tell you that I think I’m dying. I don’t know what I’m saying. I’m scared.” That last tidbit snuck by my filter. I didn’t want to alarm poor Emmers. “I shouldn’t be, but it is what it is.”
“Where’s the last place you saw him?”
“In the middle of the road, just outside here.”
She patted my knee and stood up. “Come on. We’re going outside. I’m going to show you that you have nothing to be worried about, Unc—Jeff.”
“Nah, I’d rather not, if you don’t mind.”
She took me by the hand and pulled me off the couch.
“You’re an awful lot like your mother, you know that?”
She said shush. I saw my prescription sunglasses on the table and took them before Emmy pulled me away in her haste.
“You don’t need sunglasses, it isn’t that bright out.”
“They’re prescription: I don’t have my contacts in.”
“Okay. Let’s do it.”
I felt like a delinquent child being pulled grudgingly along by the hand. I tried to free myself of her grip but to no avail. She was intent on holding my hand through this. I think it was a gesture of solidarity, that we were in this together. Bless her heart for thinking so, because it definitely wasn’t the case. I was to suffer this nightmare alone, and the enormity of Emmy’s heart wouldn’t change that.
She unlocked and opened the door. Together we stepped along the porch. A UPS truck was across the street. Cathy was signing for a package. Strength in numbers. And she was at least two people, more like three. She saw me and the pretty young girl attached to me at the hand and probably thought some shenanigans were taking place over at the Jacobs’ residence. She waved at me: I waved my free hand back at her.
I saw Emmy’s Honda Accord in the driveway parked behind my Explorer. I continued looking at it as we traversed the walkway. There was a sticker on her rear window which was a rainbow with some glittery words below it that I couldn’t decipher. Rainbows… how simple her life must be. She was free to dance and prance under rainbows, with her guillotine blade light years overhead, as I was walking through the valley of the shadow of death, the guillotine blade not light years overhead but something much less. How much less only God knew, and He can keep a secret.
I thought her palm felt sweaty. But on second thought, it was my own palm which was sweaty. The slack between our linked arms tightened as she said, “Come on, mister, no dallying.”
“Yes, mother.”
We stopped at the curb.
“There. You see? There’s no bogeyman. No stalker. It’s just you, me, the UPS driver,” she lowered her voice to a whisper, “and that morbidly obese lady across the street.”
I would have chuckled over her choice of words had we been in another circumstance. Morbidly obese is what she was, but I thought it was cute that she chose such a diplomatic pair of adjectives to describe what most kids her age would have used. Something like disgusting fatty, or fat bitch, heifer, or etcetera et cetera.
“I guess so,” I replied. “Maybe I just needed my contacts in after all.”
She was smiling broadly, though I wasn’t looking at it. “Good. I’m happy for you, Jeff.”
“Let’s go back inside.”
“Wait a minute… you don’t see him, do you?”
“I don’t see him.”
“Swear to me you don’t. Swear to me on my life.”
“Emmy, I swear to you on your soul I do not see him.”
She released my hand and hugged me. I’m sure the disgusting fatty across the street was thinking I was a pervert right about now. Her lank blonde hair smelled delightful. I think it was Herbal Essences I smelled. When she lathered it into her hair so recently ago that it was still damp, she was probably singing a song, mirthful, wondering which boy in science class might have a crush on her and which party she should attend this Friday evening. She wasn’t worrying about when she might next encounter that damned man in black, or where exactly that guillotine blade might be today. She was the sweetest thing, Emmers, and I was lucky to have her in my family.
She took me by the hand once again and led me back to the house. I found it peculiar that she did so. Once inside I closed the door and removed my glasses.
“Thanks for coming over, Emmy. It means the world to me.”
“I hope you can confide in me more often. I’m here for you if you need me. Always, okay?”
“Thank you.”
“I should be on my way. I have a big exam in History. I didn’t study as much as I should have, so wish me luck.”
“Consider your luck wished. Take care, and drive safe.”
She smiled at me, gave me a brief hug before heading for the door. She opened it, took a step out and looked back at me.
“I believed you when you swore on my soul that you didn’t see it.”
“As well you should.”
“But I have a feeling if I re-worded it to are you looking at it, my soul might not have been so sworn upon. Prescription sunglasses, huh? I really do hope your eyes were open, Uncle Jeff. I love you. Call me soon, I mean it.”
“I will.”
She even inherited her mother’s smarts. She was right. Had she said, “Your eyes are open and you don’t see him, right? Swear on my life, Uncle Jeff,” I would not have sworn upon it.
Well I’ll be damned! It was a person I had spied from the top of the rock! I increased my pace to a jog at the woman (yes, she was wearing a dress) in white. White, yes, but it was as filthy as the tee-shirt clinging to my sweaty torso. And it was much too small for her. Too short. The hem was well above her knees. She was sitting on the gray dirt, her arms folded over on her knees, head inside the nook. Her hair was brown and disheveled. She heard my approaching footfalls and looked up fearfully, gasped. She sprung to her feet and rounded on her heels, began to run.
“Wait! Don’t run! I mean you no harm!”
She ran anyway, throwing glances over her shoulder as she went.
“Please! Please don’t run! I’m lost and need help!”
She looked more keenly at me, brow knitted together, and slowed her pace before stopping altogether. I continued jogging toward her. The closer I got, the more incredulous I became. Hair a crow’s nest, dress dirty, pallid skin mottled with dirt; yet she possessed the face of an angel. Pretty, yes, but more than that, she was… sweet looking. The girl next door. The girl you leer at in church while secretly wondering how much better you’d have to be in every aspect of life to land a girl like that. My incredulity was in that an example like her was in a place like this.
“Hi,” I said, panting. I took a few more steps, stopped just before her. “Sorry to scare you like that. I cannot believe I found someone out here. I’m Jeff.” I extended my hand to shake.
“Hi.” She accepted my hand tentatively and shook it.
“What’s your name?”
“I… I’d rather not say.”
“You’d rather not say, or you can’t remember?” Her eyes widened just enough that I knew I was right. “Don’t be embarrassed about it. I couldn’t recall my own name, either. Any idea why you’re out here? Or how you got here?”
She shook her head. Her eyes were raking over me curiously.
“Well that makes two of us,” I said. “How long have you been here?”
“I’m not sure. A couple of hours, maybe. I saw something—”
“I’m glad I found you. I thought I was losing my mind. Maybe I still am. I can’t make any sense of it all. Who would abduct me and dump me in the middle of nowhere, huh? And you, I guess.”
“I don’t think this is real,” she said.
“Don’t think this is real?” I pondered that. I guess I wasn’t so sure, either. “Like I’m dreaming?”
“No, like I’m dreaming.”
“Where does that leave me? I’m part of your dream? I don’t really exist? Gosh, I hope that isn’t the case.” It was my attempt at bringing levity to the situation. Perhaps it was ill-conceived.
“I’ll wake up soon,” she said determinedly.
“That you think this is a dream, doesn’t that hint that it isn’t? When we’re dreaming we don’t know we’re dreaming.”
She frowned at that. “I have amnesia.”
“It’ll come back to you. I only woke up a half hour ago or so…” I checked my calculator wrist-watch. “3:01?” I reflected back to when I checked it last. It had been 3:36. “Unless time’s moving backward, my watch is busted.” I looked at her large eyes the color of dark chocolate. “Or whoever this watch belongs to. It isn’t mine. Strange, huh?”
“This dress,” she said solemnly. “I didn’t think it was mine, either. At first. But you see this?” 
She lifted the hem of the dress up to show me something. I stooped and observed a little discoloration. It was brown, sort of, but not like dirt. Like dried blood. Just below it the fabric was torn and frayed.
“It struck a chord in me,” she said. “Made me feel… funny. Like remembering something you thought you’d never think of again. I remembered crashing on a bicycle when I was a little girl, and hurt my knee. This is my blood.”
“So you’re wearing a dress from your childhood?”
“It appears so.”
“You can recall a biking accident but not your name?”
“I guess seeing it is why I remembered it. You don’t happen to know where we can find water, do you? I’m really thirsty.”
“As am I. No, I’m sorry. I’m also sorry for interrupting you earlier; what were you going to say? You saw something?”
“Yes, that’s why I know this is a dream.”
“What was it?”
She shook her head.
“Come on, tell me.”
“It was bad, Jeff. Something like that doesn’t exist in reality.”
“Okay then this is a dream, and because it is a dream you can tell me what your imagination conceived earlier. Was it a man in black? With a mask?”
Her brow furrowed. “No, why do you say that?”
“Never mind. Tell me, what was it?”
“It was an animal, I think. It was sort of far, so I’m not sure. It moved like an ape, using its arms as it went. It was olive green, hairless. I think it was coming from me. It was the first thing I saw when I woke up: it running away from me.”
I hummed. “You think it brought you here?”
She shrugged. “It wasn’t very big.”
“A green hairless ape,” I mused, then chuckled, which offended my new friend.
“That amuses you, does it? Well I’m happy for you.”
“No, it’s just… well I don’t know what else to do but laugh at this situation. It’s a nightmare, I think we can both agree, but I don’t know what else to do but laugh at it all. The more I think about it, the more I’m leaning toward dream as well. I’d guess that you didn’t save that dress from your childhood only to wear decades later upon your abduction.”
“Decades? Am I that old?”
“Don’t you know how—” I guess she wouldn’t know how old she is, being that she couldn’t even recall her name. I didn’t know my own age until I began recollecting the past recently. Emmy is eighteen and I’m sixteen years her senior, putting me at thirty-four. “I guess you don’t. No you’re not old, I shouldn’t have said decades. You’re probably younger than me. I’m thirty-four, I think. Want to hear something strange? I have no idea what I look like. None whatsoever. I wish I had a mirror.”
She cracked a grin. “Me too.”
“I can tell you this: you’re very pretty.”
“You ain’t so bad yourself.” She sighed and looked around. “What should we do?”
“No clue. What direction was that thing headed in?”
She pointed.
“Well I’m under the assumption that an animal in this heat wouldn’t stray too far from water, so if we can find where it went maybe we’ll find something to drink. And if nothing else, if we find it and it’s dead, we can still have a drink.” Under my breath I muttered, “Even if it’s not yet dead.”
She looked sharply at me, her disgust palpable. “I couldn’t do that.”
“I think you could if you’d die otherwise. I know I sure would. Let’s get a move on.”
We began our long and arduous journey across the barren wasteland in the direction she had pointed. Something she had said reverberated in my mind, and that was this being a dream; chiefly, why she had thought that. The old dress from her childhood. My jeans and tee-shirt were too ordinary to spark any recollection in me, but the watch had evoked a strange feeling in me earlier: was there a reason for that? I studied it as we walked. It was familiar, all right. I couldn’t attach a memory to it, but that didn’t mean it wasn’t from my past, my childhood. If it was, what does all that mean? Why were we stuck in a nightmare with hooks into our past? If it was a dream, it was she who didn’t exist, not myself. She who was a figment of my imagination, not vice versa. Her only chance at existence is in this being real. And I have to say, if this is real, that sneaking suspicion of where I might be that I had earlier mentioned—it is difficult for me to just come out and say it—if this is real, I think I might be in hell.
We were quiet for some time. It gave me more time for remembrance.
She broke the silence with, “Why did you ask me if who I saw was a masked man in black? Is that who you saw?”
“Funny you should mention that. I was just thinking of it. No, I didn’t see him here. It was one of the first memories I had.” 
I commenced to tell her every detail pertinent to the ordeal. She only spoke once during it, and merely said, “Emmy…” as if it meant something to her. But she let me continue my story.
It had lifted my spirits, Emmy’s visit. Her smile was brighter than the darkness of my imagination. I sat on the couch, kicked my feet up on the coffee table and sighed greatly. I really needed to finish the piece of shit novel that some hack with minimal talent had written. It would have been more properly edited by throwing it in the trashcan and lighting it on fire. But contracts are what they are, and income is what it is. I had a few more days before the deadline, anyway, which was probably more than I needed. I only had two chapters to go, then a quick re-read to catch any errors I may have missed on the first go-round.
I was hungry and not in the mood for macaroni and cheese or soup. And besides, without milk or butter, mac and cheese is pretty terrible. I had exhausted all the good stuff in the fridge and freezer. What sounded good was pizza, and that could be delivered. I should have thought of that before now. A made a quick call to Pizza Hut and put in an order. It would be a half hour before it arrived, so I figured I’d work on the novel.
“Emmy,” my female companion said again, interrupting me this time.
“Yes?”
“I… I think that’s my name.”
“Your name is Emmy?”
“I don’t know. It might be. It kind of feels like it is.”
“It’ll come to you in time. I think.”
When I opened the door for the pizza guy, I was wearing sunglasses. I didn’t want him to see me actively avoiding the porch behind him. My eyes were all but shut as I gave him twenty (keep the change) and closed the door.
I devoured the entire thing. So full was I that it hurt to take a deep breath. But it had tasted so divine that it was impossible to eat it sparingly; and besides, another pizza would be just a phone call away.
I was at my office desk, reading the drivel that passes for literature these days, and found myself re-reading sentences. I was preoccupied hating myself. Hating myself for squandering my earlier opportunity to see the man in black with the comfort of my niece at my side. Comfort is a strong word. But more comforting with her than without. Whatever it was, it wouldn’t engage me with Emmy at my side. I don’t know why I thought that, but I did. The thing wanted me, not her. Not anyone but me. Emmy was all that was righteous and pure in the world, and with her by my side perhaps it would repel him like kryptonite to Superman. It was a dumb thought, but it cycled in my mind.
I got out of my chair and looked through the blind slats with a sudden air of bravery. I was rewarded by seeing wonderful nothingness. Steve’s house, the road, the northern half of my yard, and a big leafy White Oak centering my yard. From my view I couldn’t see too southerly, but from what I could see there was no ominous presence, no robed man. It galvanized me to some degree, in that I should confront this thing head on. It wasn’t real, I knew that. It couldn’t be. If it was, others would have seen it.
Not being quite as brave as I made myself out to be, I took another drink of scotch before doing what I had long been debating: confronting this thing.
I took my cellphone off the desk and went to the front door, calling Emmy along the way. I didn’t know what I was going to say until I began speaking. I looked out the peep-hole as the phone rang. Through the fish-eye I saw light and nothing suspicious. I was gaining confidence.
“Yes?” Emmy said in a hushed tone.
“Sorry, did I catch you at a bad time?” I was still looking through the peep-hole. “Oh, you’re in class, aren’t you?”
“I am. Class doesn’t start for a few more minutes. What’s up?”
“I confess that I had my eyes shut earlier. I’m sorry.”
“I figured. Jeff, you really need to—”
“I know. I’m doing it now. I wanted you on the phone as I did it. I can’t do it without you.”
“Class is about to start, so make it quick. I can’t stay on the line once it begins.”
“Okay.” I unlocked the door. My heart hammered as I opened it. In my mind I had seen it standing before me, just as the pizza guy stood in that spot a short while ago, but nothing was there. “Okay, so far so good. I’m going outside now.”
“Nothing is there, I promise. Take a look around.”
I stepped outside. My eyes were not wanting to direct south. They preferred north. I was looking around a bush at my Ford Explorer.
“Well? Is it all clear or what?”
“I guess so,” I replied, and just then I glanced left, to the White Oak.
In the shade of the tree, just south of it, there he stood, facing me directly. I didn’t get a good look at it because I slammed shut my eyes, dropped the phone, dashed inside the house and closed the door, locked it.
“Fuck!”
I was hyperventilating. My heart beat in my eyes, ears and temples. It felt as though the walls were closing in on me. I paced around the house, flailing for ideas of what to do and for understanding. Glorious understanding. I contemplated calling a head-doctor, and once the idea landed it stuck; I couldn’t get the idea out of my head that someone else needed to be inside of my head. That’s what I needed, a therapist. One who makes house calls. I was too chickenshit to go outside for my cellphone so I used the home-phone and leafed through the Yellow Pages.
There were plenty of shrinks listed so I started at the top. Secretary after damn secretary I got the same bad news, that I’d have to make an appointment and nothing was available for today. It took half a dozen calls to find one who would take me this week, but even she wouldn’t come to my house. I gave up on the idea after it was abundantly clear that nobody would help me on my terms, which were right here right now.
I drank more scotch, and that did seem to help calm my nerves. It was the scotch’s sagely wisdom that reiterated that the man in black isn’t real. That if nobody could see him but me, he wasn’t real. And if he wasn’t real, he can’t harm me. And if he can’t harm me, I’m worrying for nothing. Third grade logic tastes a lot like comfort food at times.
Medicine is a wonderful thing—it was the scotch talking again—a pill a day keeps the crazies away. I’d get through this, even if it meant being on prescribed drugs.
For the hell of it, I went online and Googled any number of things, using combinations of words such as black apparition, black-robed man, man in black with mask, man in black stalking, man in black invisible to everyone but me, and so on. It was a waste of time. I spent a half hour on this endeavor and yielded no results pertaining to my crisis.
There was a sharp knock at the front door. Then again.
“Jeff? Uncle Jeff? Open the door!”
Never had a voice sounded so heavenly to my ears. My precious Emmy. I opened the door and she stormed in. I closed and locked the door behind her.
“What happened!”
I looked away from her as I admitted to seeing it on my lawn.
She folded her arms under her chest (my cell phone was in her hand) and looked quite disturbed. “You need help.”
“I know I do.”
“Will you call for a doctor? Or should I do it for you?”
“I already did. Nobody will see me today. And nobody makes house calls. None that I found, anyway.”
“Well make one for as soon as possible then!” I had never heard her angry before, but she was pretty pissed. “If they won’t come here, I’ll take you to them. Okay?”
I nodded, shamefaced.
“I should tell mom.”
“No, don’t tell her.”
“You’re scaring me, Uncle Jeff. How am I supposed to sit there in class and take a test after that?”
“I’m sorry.” I felt like I was the child and she was the parent.
“You know that a man isn’t there, don’t you?”
“Yes.”
Maybe I didn’t sound convincing enough.
“Leave your damned glasses there, and come outside with me. Now.”
“No, I don’t—”
She inhaled sharply, cutting me off. She wasn’t going to have it any other way. So I relented with a nod.
She handed me the phone and grabbed me by the wrist this time (I preferred the hand) and pulled me along to the front door. She unlocked the door, opened it.
It was as though something reached inside my chest, clutched my heart, and squeezed the holy hell out of it. The blood drained out of my head and down I went, unconscious. It was standing in the doorway.
I awoke on the couch. Emmy was sitting in a chair facing me. She was on the phone.
“He just woke up,” she said. “Okay, I will. I love you too, Mom. Bye.”
I sat up, rubbed my eyes.
“Don’t be mad that I called my mom. I was scared. I almost called nine-one-one, but called her first. I told her everything. She didn’t think you need to go to a hospital, but to a shrink. How do you feel?”
“All right, I guess.” I recalled what had happened to cause me to faint. “How long have I been out?”
“Five minutes, maybe a little longer.”
“I saw it in on the porch.”
“Yeah, I figured. Listen, Uncle Jeff, you really need to see a psychiatrist, and I know you know that now, but I think you need something for right now. Like Valium. Do you have any? Or Xanax?”
“I don’t have any drugs, no.”
She considered for a moment before saying, “I might be able to help you. I swear if you tell Mom of this, I’ll never speak to you again.”
“You can trust me.”
“I know a guy. Well, I don’t really know him, but a guy I dated does. I met him a couple times. He’s a little creepy, a little weird, but he might be what we need right now. He’s into that spiritualistic holistic stuff. Smokes a lot of pot. He used to sell it to the guy I dated. Don’t judge me.”
“I’m not judging.”
“I’m sure he could give me something like Valium. Maybe it would be more natural, like herbs or something, I don’t know. He was selling peyote and mushrooms, too. He doesn’t live far. I don’t know his number but I know where he lives. Maybe I should pay him a visit and see if he has anything to sedate you. And I’ll work on getting you an appointment for a real doctor as soon as possible. Okay?”
“I’m not sure that I’m comfortable with you leaving right now.”
“I can’t stay here forever. I have to leave sometime.”
“I know.”
“Why don’t you go lie down in bed. I’ll be back as soon as I can.”
“Please don’t go.”
She stared at me silently. “I guess I can call Jason, as much as I hate the idea. He’ll know that guy’s number. Maybe he’ll come over here.”
“That would be great, thank you.”
“Go lie down in bed.”
“I’d rather go sit in my office.” In my office is where I felt most control. It was in there that I turned good stories into masterful stories, where I turned duds into best sellers. My office is where I felt at my best.
I left her to make phone calls. sat in my plush leather chair, stared at Anna Macintyre in her frame.
In the here-and-now, the girl at my side gasped. “Anna Macintyre!”
“What about her?”
“That’s who I am! I’m Anna Macintyre!”
I was about to tell her that she isn’t Anna, but then considered there was more than one Anna Macintyre in the world. Highly doubtful she was one of them. And only moments ago she thought she was Emmy. She seemed to want to be anyone I mentioned. But she shocked the hell out of me by what she said next.
“Wait…” She stopped and stared vacantly at the ground before her. “I’m not Anna. I’m… Julie Macintyre. That’s who I am.”
“Oh my God.” It had to be a coincidence still. “Do you have a sister named Anna?” I knew Anna had a sister named Julie, and I had met her before, though she was only eleven or twelve at the time and looked nothing like the woman beside me; although it was reasonable to estimate that an eleven-year-old could have grown up to look just like her.
“I think so,” she said noncommittally. “Damnit, not remembering is vexing.”
As is being stuck in the middle of nowhere left to die, but I didn’t say that.
Funny how memory works. Just then I recalled being at Anna’s all those years ago, sitting on the bench outside her parents’ house beside the girl I was secretly in love with, chatting about God-knows-what, and a little girl comes riding up on a pink bicycle with one of those banana seats, wide handlebars with billowing white and red streamers. That was Julie. When she rode past us she squeezed the little clown-horn attached to the bars making a wha-ooga wha-ooga sound. Was she wearing a white dress? I don’t believe she was.
“That bike you crashed, giving you that cut knee and blood on your dress… do you recall the bike?”
“Uh… no.”
“Was it pink? Banana seat? Streamers? A horn that when you squeezed it went—”
She mimicked the exact tone it made with wide eyes. “How do you know?” She asked.
“Because I’ve met you. You are indeed Julie Macintyre. I was close friends with your sister.”
“Anna,” she mused.
“Yes, Anna. Small world, I guess.”
“Really small at the moment. It seems as if we’re the only two people on earth.”
Or in hell, I thought.
“It feels good to remember something. Really good.”
“More will come to you, you’ll see. I’d ask you how Anna has been these ten or so years, but I don’t think I’d get much of an answer.” I grinned at her.
“Yeah, sorry. Go on with your story. What happened with the hippie guy?”
Emmy was in the office with me, swiveling back and forth in the chair before my desk. Don’t think any less of her, because she really is a good girl, but she had a little glass of scotch with me. I don’t blame her one bit: I was putting her nerves through hell. I kind of wished she didn’t keep a straight face when she swallowed it. I’d have preferred a whisky face. I hoped she wouldn’t become close friends with Johnny Walker like I had become. He was my best friend, though I’m inclined to say Emmy was right up there, making progress to soon surpass good ol’ Johnny at the head of my rankings.
Emmy told me about a guy she liked. Adam. He was in her Anthropology class. They had studied together a few times outside of school. She wanted to tell him she liked him but had been too cowardly to do so. I told her she’s insane, that he probably had a thing for her but was too shy to admit it. She wondered why I thought that, and I felt a little awkward admitting how pretty she was. True it’s a little tough to gauge the allure of a relative, but any guy should want to be her boyfriend I thought. Personality and beauty, what’s not to like? I told her that and she blushed. She thanked me. She said he was shy, and maybe I was right.
“I’m glad you brought this up to me, Emmers.” I tended to call her Emmers more than Emmy as scotch was consumed—I had been calling her Emmers a lot lately. “Allow me to give you advice. Wisdom comes with age, and even though I’m not a lot older than you, I’m old enough to have gone through what you’re talking about.” I turned the frame around on my desk so that she could see Anna. “Mine was Anna, yours is Adam. Heck, they even both start with the letter A.”
“She’s pretty. That’s the girl you were talking about earlier.”
“Yes. She was everything to me. My best friend of about four years. All through high school. I was secretly in love with her. I don’t know if she felt that way about me; she was equally as shy. I guess she didn’t or somehow maybe I’d have known. But what haunts me to this day”—well, the other thing that haunts me to this day—“is that I never told her how I felt about her. What might have happened if I did? Maybe she wouldn’t have gone to college in Louisiana but instead went to school out here. Or maybe I’d have moved down there with her. Maybe she’d be my wife and we’d have our own little Emmers and Adams capering about. It was a life lesson, I suppose. I regret it wholeheartedly, not confessing my love for her. I know what you and Adam have is new, and not love, but it’s something. If you think you like him more than a friend, promise me that you’ll open your heart to him, let him know how you feel.”
She nodded.
“No, that’s not a promise. Promise me.”
“I promise.”
“I don’t want you going through what I went through.”
The doorbell rang. I stayed put as Emmy fetched him. A moment later he took the other chair before my desk, resting his leather doctor’s bag on his lap. He introduced himself as Ernest and offered his hand. I shook it over the table.
“Ernest. One doesn’t hear that name too often these days,” I said.
“No, one doesn’t,” he said with a charming smile. Awfully charming considering the middle-aged man soliciting it looked like a burnt out hippie straight out of a Make Love Not War protest rally.
“I’m a Hemingway fan,” I said.
“Hemingway? Never heard of him.” He chuckled.
“Whatcha got in the bag?”
“Precisely what it is that you need.”
“And what is that?”
“That is for me to figure out.”
“Are you a doctor of sorts?” I knew he wasn’t, but he had the air of one, if you discount his long hair tied into a ponytail, scruffy face, and faded Phish tee-shirt.
“No, thank God. The world has enough doctors. Holism, that’s my field.”
And selling pot and mushrooms to innocent kids, I thought.
“Tell me, Jeff, what seems to be plaguing your mind?”
I had difficulty uncorking it. I couldn’t stop looking over at precious Emmy. I didn’t like that she had a connection to Ernest. The guy peddled psychedelic drugs, for chrissake. But she was probably right in that I needed a sedative to see me through this until a real doctor could be procured.
“Emmy, would you mind leaving us alone for a while? It’s nothing personal, I just feel more comfortable talking to Ernest about this in private.”
“You already told me everything, but if it makes you more comfortable, I’ll leave.”
“I told you most everything, yes. I’m sorry, sweetheart.”
She smiled primly and left the office stating that she’d try to find me an appointment to see a shrink, closing the door on her way out. I snatched my cellphone off the desk and told Ernest one moment, and texted her: Sorry, Emmers. Don’t you be leaving me. This guy might roll me up and smoke me.
I set the phone down and told the guy everything, beginning at the small black smudge in the distance, up till the large black figure on my porch. It was the abridged version, but he got the gist of it. The guy surprised me by what he then said.
“I wish I’d have brought Anthony along. He’s an expert on demon affairs.”
“Demon affairs?” It felt silly saying.
“Yes. The occult. We aren’t alone, Jeff.”
“You think the thing is real?”
“Who could say? I believe you think it is real. It just might be. Like I said, Anthony would have more to say on the subject than I. It seems you are having hallucinations.”
Gee, did you come up with that all on your own?
“The problem originates in your mind, and from it radiates outward, affecting your body and thus eyes, so you see things that aren’t there. I’d judge that if you reached out to this man, you’d touch him, as well.”
“I don’t care to put that to the test.”
“How’s your medical history? Is your health sound, for the most part? Strokes, anything like that?”
“I’m thirty-four: no I haven’t had a stroke. Yes, I’m healthy.” I didn’t think it was pertinent to mention that I had high blood pressure and cholesterol.
“Physically, yes. Because I am here suggests to me that you are less than healthy spiritually. Emmy was hoping I could provide you with a sedative. Something to keep your mind at peace until you see a counselor. Is that your wish as well?”
“Yes. I do need something other than scotch to get me through this.”
My phone chimed. Emmy text: He’s probably worried you’ll put him a scotch glass and drink him. I humored and set the phone down.
“Alright, Jeff. I think I know just the thing for you.” He unzipped his black leather bag and sorted through the clutter. He removed a corded metal teapot looking thing and set in on my desk, then put a couple small Ziploc baggies stuffed with herbs beside it. “Do you have an outlet nearby that I could use?”
“Right over there,” I said and pointed.
He removed a bottle of mineral water and poured it into the teapot, then plugged it in on the other side of the room. When he flipped the light switch off, I had a problem with it.
“Turn it back on, please.”
“Trust me, Jeff. I’ve been doing this a long time.”
The room was dark, but I could still see. The meager light around the blinds was all that kept me from being in utter darkness. He removed something else from his bag, pushed a button and I almost laughed out loud when I heard one of those nature tapes being played. We were at the ocean now, waves sighing and crashing, gulls cawing. What a quack. I wondered what he was going to charge me for this. I wished he’d just hand over a few valium and be on his way.
“While the water boils, I want you to close your eyes and clear your mind, as much as you can. Imagine being on a tiny raft in the middle of the ocean during sunset. A red sun low over the Pacific horizon. Smell the tangy saltwater. Hear the flapping of a seagull’s wings as it flies over you. The water rolls mildly, like a baby in a crib you are being lulled toward sleep in your one-man raft.”
I had humored him by closing my eyes. I actually did imagine what he asked, and it wasn’t as bad as I thought. Maybe it was his nature tape.
“The sun is low, low, and dips into the ocean. Now it is gone. Nothing but the serenity of vast open ocean in every direction. Not a soul for hundreds of miles. Lean back in that raft, stare up at the lavender sky. There is but one star, and it is tiny, but you can see it. Focus on that solitary star, as you listen to the water lap up at your raft. Do you see it? Can you smell the tangy ocean? Do you feel the raft listing up and down with the undulating waves?” 
“Mhmm.”
I really did. I was at peace.
“The star is becoming brighter and brighter. Slowly you are drifting up into space toward it.” His voice was on the other side of the room now, though I was hardly aware of it. He was putting herbs in the teapot. “You’re floating into space, reaching for that star that is growing, growing. You are all who exists in the universe now. You and only you. Peaceful, sublime, serene, vast openness.”
He didn’t speak again for some unknown amount of time.
“Here, Jeff. Drink this.”
I squinted open my eyes enough to see the little coffee cup being handed to me. I sipped it. It was delicious, actually. A little too hot to drink all at once, so I drank it in installments. After finishing, I put the cup on the table and leaned back in my chair, closed my eyes. I heard more rustling in his leather bag, more water being poured into the teapot.
“Feel free to linger in space as long as you wish. Enjoy yourself. Let the tonic untangle your nerves. The next one will be even better. The last one was for the nerves, this one will be for the mind.”
“Great,” I said. Actually, nothing came out, but that’s what I meant to say. I was feeling much better already. God bless you, Emmy, for all you’ve done for me, Ernest included.
My extremities tingled as though they were falling asleep, but less annoying than that sensation. This was a welcomed one. I allowed myself to float up in that raft, and together it and I were gliding up into space, toward that big beautiful blue-white star. Even the raft was comforting. It was yellow and inflatable, and I squeezed at it with either hand, and felt my tension dissipate with each squeeze.
I’m not sure how long it was before Ernest spoke next. Maybe a minute, maybe fifteen.
“Here you go,” he said. “Drink up.”
I didn’t open my eyes this time. I felt for the cup, didn’t test the liquid but instead drank it in a few big gulps. It wasn’t as hot as the last time. Either he cooled it by pouring water in the cup or it didn’t seem as hot because the previous tonic was dampening things, senses.
Upward I floated. The swells below me rolled on, and I heard them through Ernest’s tape. The seagull cawing was miles below me.
“I have one last tonic, and it is mostly an antioxidant. It will be ready shortly.”
“Mhmm.”
My stomach tickled a little. It was a new sensation, from the new tonic. The star directly above me was growing ever nearer. It wasn’t blue-white anymore, but simply white. Bone white and lustrous, like the moon. I could see dark spots on it that didn’t seem appropriate for a star. A couple of them. Maybe two side by side, with a little blemish below them. My stomach tickled a lot. The star grew and grew as I floated up and up. I closed my eyes and smiled in my space raft. A severe cramp struck me in the stomach at all once. I opened my eyes, but not in the office. I was in the raft, and the star was bigger yet. I could clearly see the dark blemishes on the star. And what they were, were the eye-sockets of skull, along with the bony grin of a skull.
I screamed and bolted upright in my office chair. My stomach was wrenching, hurt like a bastard. Pain emanated from my stomach outward to my extremities. Strangely even my arms hurt. My heart was galloping like a fucking race horse.
“Whoa, whoa, calm down, Jeff. Return to you seat. You were having a bad dream is all.”
I groaned. “What was that stuff? Oh my God… my stomach.”
“Are you having an allergic reaction to it?”
It was too dark to see the dumb look on Ernest’s face, but I’m sure it was there. The fucker had forgotten ask me if I was allergic to anything.
The door opened swiftly, spilling light into the dark dungeon that was my office. My eyes had so adjusted to the darkness that the hallway light was blinding me. I shaded them as she entered.
“What happened?” She said with alarm.
“A bad dream,” Ernest said. “We’ll be fine.”
“No. No we won’t be fine,” I said, and collapsed back down into my seat, wincing as it felt like I was being stabbed in the stomach with an ice pick. Still shading my eyes I asked Emmy to close the door. She did.
“What should I do?” Emmy asked.
“I don’t know.” I hissed. “Maybe… maybe I should go to the hospital. Something’s wrong.”
“Let’s do,” she agreed.
“The doctor’s,” Ernest mocked. “Yeah, they have all the solutions.”
“Thanks for stopping by,” Emmy said to the man, “but I think we’re done here. How much do I owe you?”
Just as I uncovered my eyes, Emmy flipped the lights back on.
For a split second my brain processed a coat rack in the corner of the office, south. A large black trench coat draped over it. I looked at it and that’s when everything turned to shit. It was as black as a shadow in the night, save for its face. It wasn’t a mask, it was a part of the entity, the only part exposed. A coalescence of bone, tendon, muscle tissue, and lidless eyes with large black irises, scarcely visible under its low hanging hood. It was smiling at me, but it wasn’t smiling. It was a skeletal grin. 
My horrific reaction to it was as such that both Ernest and Emmy flinched as they turned to face whatever I was looking at.
I screamed and screamed and screamed. It didn’t move as everything around me faded to black, as the invisible blade of the guillotine reached my neck. Those big protuberant eyes boring into my own, clear to the foundation of my soul, were the last things I saw.

We continued along the barren wasteland. There was silence now. Julie was deep in thought beside me.
“When did this happen?” She finally said.
“I don’t know, but it’s the last thing I remember.”
She stopped walking. I then stopped, looked at her.
“That’s… that scares me,” she said. And she was scared, I could hear it in her voice.
“It scares you? You should have seen it, Julie. It was the most repugnant thing imaginable. Something so repulsive that when viewing it your body thinks it best to just shut down, lose consciousness.”
“That’s not what scares me.”
Yeah, that’s not what scared me, either. Presently, at least. What scared her is what it all meant, and why that was the last thing I remembered. And how that fits in to where we are now. She was having less luck recalling her past, so she was left to make theories based on my own. And it all pointed to one thing, that of which I had already mentioned and am loath to repeat. This wasn’t exactly heaven. Not to say that we had died, but if we had, might it be so different? I didn’t feel dead. How absurd is that statement? How is being dead supposed to feel? 
“And you know what else?” I said. “The pain wasn’t in my arms. It was in my arm. My left arm.”
She gave me a look conveying that she knew exactly what that pointed to: a heart attack.
“I’m sorry, Julie, for disquieting your mind.
She nodded and retook her pace along the dirt and rock hard-pack with me close at her side. She surprised me by taking my hand in hers. With her eyes she asked if it was okay: I nodded my consent. Truth was, I wanted it too. The comfort of being touched. We were in this together, whatever it was. Wherever it was. Have you ever noticed that oftentimes people enter or re-enter our lives when we need them most? Emmy back then, Julie now. It’s as though fate or Ka or God knows that we can’t do it alone, and provides us companionship.
“I could offer you some optimism, if you’d like,” I said.
She grinned feebly. “Yes, please.”
“If we’re dead, we can’t die of thirst.”
She found no humor in it. Of course she didn’t. It was tasteless. “We’re not dead,” she said adamantly. “We aren’t.”
I nodded in agreement, though I was far from convinced.
“If we were dead we’d be in heaven or hell,” she said. “This sure isn’t heaven.”
“I was just thinking that.”
“Leaving hell as the alternative. If this were hell, don’t you think there would be more people than just you and I?”
“Absolutely there would.” I found comfort in that. “Maybe you’re right, then.”
“Mabel Street,” she said.
“Mabel?”
“Yes. Does that mean anything to you?”
“Actually… actually it does. Mabel Street. Anna lived on Mabel! Which would mean you lived on Mabel!”
“I think I remember the house I grew up in. The one on Mabel.”
“Good for you,” I encouraged. “Keep remembering, fill me in on anything you come up with. I’d love to know what happened leading up to you arriving here. And anything you could tell me of Anna would be great. I bet she has a husband and kids.”
She nodded.
“She does? She does have a husband and kids?”
“Oh I don’t know, I was just nodding out of politeness.”
We continued along. I looked up at the sky in every direction, hoping to spot the sun. There needed to be a sun. A sun would make this place more like a locality on earth and less like one in hell. Nothing had changed with the cloud cover.
“I can think of a lot worse people to be alone here with,” she muttered.
It touched me, irrationally so. I smiled sincerely at her; she reciprocated a lesser one, but a smile nonetheless.
I spotted something in the distance, shooting out from behind a rock formation. I nudged Julie and pointed. It was what she had earlier described to me. A sickly green simian-looking thing, only hairless. A biped utilizing its arms in its gait. It was exceedingly fast and running laterally to us. Then another came into view from behind the rocks, and it was a trifle larger, putting chase to the other. If it weren’t for their tails, I’d have considered them to be more human than primate. They were demonic. Their presence uprooted what little optimism I maintained. Nothing like this existed on earth.
The one being chased shrieked, and there are no words to properly convey their register. High-pitched and wavering, almost as if it were giggling and screaming in tandem. The pursuer responded with a shriek of its own, and it registered lower. A male chasing a female was my guess. The male quickly caught the female and pounced on her. I thought they were playing at first, maybe a mating ritual, but the larger put its hands around the smaller’s neck and throttled it, eliciting a more shrill ejaculation than before; begging for her life, she was.
The smaller quieted, stilled. The larger then sat beside her lifeless body and took her hand in his, brought it to his mouth and began chewing on one of her fingers.
I was aghast and my expression surely mirrored that emotion.
“What?” Julie cried. “What do you see?”
I looked at her, confounded. “What do I see? What do I see? Don’t tell me that—” I looked back to the demons and was thunderstruck to find nothing there. Vanished they had. “They’re… gone.”
“What was it?”
“What you had earlier described to me.”
“The ape-like thing?”
“Yes. Two of them.”
She hummed meditatively. “I wonder if I had described it differently, if you’d have seen it that way instead.”
“You think I hallucinated it.”
“Well you did.”
We continued along silently. My calf had been starting to burn some time ago, and when it began to itch as well, I stopped to have a look at my scrape. I knelt down and hiked up a pant leg.
“Ooo,” she moaned and positioned herself to better see the injury.
It was worse than I had imagined. Several inches long and a couple inches wide; the top layer of flesh had been scraped off. It was red and scabbing over already. I touched it and consequently hissed. There was a little flake of a scab at the top of the wound. I dug a fingernail under it and peeled it off. Below it was darker red, blood-colored, but there was no blood. I stood up and regained my pace.
We directed toward the spot I had hallucinated the demons. I wished to see if there were any traces of them, such as footprints in the dirt.
As we strode along, we were both remembering the same afternoon without knowing it. She’d tell me soon enough what she had remembered, but for the meantime I was sitting on that wooden bench on the front porch of the Macintyre’s. For having issues with my memory, the ones I did possess sure were clear. Crystal clear. It might have been just this afternoon that I sat beside Anna on that bench. She wore a summer dress, light pink with big white flowers. So clear was this image that I saw the peach bra-straps to the side of the pink straps of her dress. It was before either of us had a license to drive, putting us at about fifteen years old. She had been working diligently on growing boobs that summer, and I was appreciative of her efforts. When she leaned forward to open her purse between our feet and extract Chapstick, the front of her dress hung from her chest, affording me a clear view of her boobs (albeit they were in a bra; frowny face). In my memory I was trying to see her breasts, but the fifteen-year-old Jeffrey had looked away from them. How about that? I had morals. But I did wish to see them, even back then. More than that I wished she’d want me to see them, and not for the reward that is actively staring at her breasts: I wanted her to want me to see them.
It wasn’t then that I had decided I was in love with her—her boobs had nothing to do with it. I had decided that a long time before that afternoon, but it was then that I resolved to confess my love to her. I never went through with it though, as you well know. The closest I came was just after she applied Chapstick to her lips and straightened her posture, smiled over at me for no reason at all, and that’s when smiles are at their prettiest. Wanton smiles.
Anna’s kid sister zipped by us on the sidewalk riding her pink bike with an exaggeratedly long banana seat, honking her wha-ooga wha-ooga horn as she passed. And she was wearing that same white dress, and it fitted her young body much better than it did currently. She disappeared behind the tall hedge of the neighboring house.
“Are there any boys you like at school?” I asked her. Nervous sweat dotted my brow.
She grinned wryly. “Why, would you be jealous?” She was playing with me, but now that I think about it, I think she was fishing for the truth. It had been lost on me back then.
“Just wondering. Jacob can’t be the only one chasing after you.”
Jacob was a boy our age, and overtly enamored with Anna. Whenever I hung out with Anna (which was most of the time) I could always spot Jacob somewhere not too far away. He liked to follow her around. He had some nerve, too, initiating conversation with her and inviting her to every dance that was on the horizon, no matter how distant and unlikely. Even Sadie Hawkins, the dance where the girl is supposed to invite the guy, Jacob had proposed that she go with him even then. She turned him down time and time again, but he never gave up. I thought Jacob was a good looking boy, too. And if he couldn’t win her over with that coupling of looks and persistency, what chance did I have with her? But I had the great advantage of being her best friend. Maybe there would be no dating between us, no taking her to the big dance, but in a way what I had was better than that. More than just an ephemeral encounter with her before saying our goodbyes. What I had was her daily affection, her utmost devotion as my dearest friend, and though it was strictly platonic, she loved me. She had once told me that, and did so when I needed to hear it most: when I was crying from having just been beaten up by a bully not for my lunch money but for shits and giggles. I thought something was wrong with me, that I must have been a real putz to be picked on and beaten up just for sport. She assured me I wasn’t a putz, that she wouldn’t love a putz like she loved me. That shut off the tears, all right. It was then that I knew she loved me, though her degree of love couldn’t have matched the intensity of my own. But some love was a heck of a lot better than no love at all.
“Jacob is one persistent booger, huh?” Anna had said. “I swear, I should just go out with him once and give him the worst date of his life. Maybe then he’ll leave me alone.”
“You don’t think he’s cute at all?”
“If I did I wouldn’t have turned him down all one-million times. My heart doesn’t belong to that Jacob. Hey, it’s my birthday in a week. What did you get me?” She smiled playfully at me.
Whoa, whoa, whoa, wait just a damned minute. Walking silently beside Julie, I got a hell of a lot more serious in my remembrance. I sought to replay what Anna had said, slower, and dissected it like a science project. “If I did I wouldn’t have turned him down all one-million times.” This is where I really focused: “My heart doesn’t belong to that Jacob.” She then changed the subject, did she not? Yes, to her approaching birthday. Was that intentional? I wondered. More importantly was the single word she inserted in that ponderous statement: that. My heart doesn’t belong to that Jacob. True some people will say that before a name, such as ‘How about that Jacob? Crazy kid, huh?’ But I’m not so sure she meant it that way. Her heart doesn’t belong to that Jacob, suggesting it might belong to another Jacob. And I didn’t know of any other Jacob’s, unless… unless you considered Jeffrey Jay Jacobs. How did I not pick up on that all those years ago? Oh how frustrating!
Playing around with what if’s will drive you crazy. That doesn’t stop us from doing it, though. What if I had responded differently than, “Yeah, next week you turn sixteen. Any plans?” What if I had said, “Your heart doesn’t belong to that Jacob. Does it belong to this one?” God how I wished I had said that. What is worse is she may have said that purposely, so I might respond how she hoped I’d respond. She gave me an entrance into the topic and I squandered it. More like missed it altogether. Maybe she read into it, put all her eggs in that basket, and when I didn’t capitalize on her ambiguous statement, that could only mean one thing to her: I didn’t feel the same way about her. How wrong she would have been if that was the case! Oh my, how stupid am I? Or was. I’ve grown less stupid over the years with much work. Maybe it took a lot of courage for her to say what she did, being as shy as me, and interpreted my response to her words as rejection, and decided then and there that she’d never approach the subject again.
It was that afternoon that cute little Julie Macintyre (and she really was a cute little bugger) had an oops-a-daisy on her bike. We were still on the bench chatting idly when it happened. We didn’t see it happen, but the crying adolescent came alongside her bicycle into view, pushing it in lieu of riding it, and there was blood running down her shin. Together Anna and I rushed to her aid.
“I remember you,” Julie said in the here-and-now. “I remember you. I was thinking about this dress, about the blood stain, and how that came to be, crashing on my bike. It was you and Anna who came to help me right after it happened.”
That she was thinking of the same thing as me just then didn’t strike me as uncanny or a great coincidence. It was too much of a coincidence for it to be a coincidence. It braced my theory that she didn’t exist, that this wasn’t real, that she was a figment of my imagination, no less than were the two simian things I had recently discerned; no less than was the man in black encroaching ever nearer until he was upon me, shutting out my lights and sending me here—here, which was all in my mind. Maybe it wasn’t hell after all. Or maybe hell is being damned to relive our worst memories, such as missing the cue to ask the girl I love if she loved me too, if that Jacob was this Jacob.
“And Jeffie, you know what else?” She reached around my waist and took my wrist, brought it before her eyes. “So weird…” she breathed. “I don’t know what’s weirder, that you were wearing this same watch that day, or that I remember it so clearly.”
“You do? Are you sure? Because I don’t.”
“I positively do, Jeffie.”
It was a moment for epiphanies, because I just had another one. Two, actually. First, it was a week before Anna’s birthday, and I do recall her birthday—when you are madly in love with someone, there is little you don’t take to heart about them—it was the tenth of November. November 10th was when she was turning sixteen. A week before her birthday was the day we sat there, the day Julie scraped her knee, making that November 3rd, give or take a day or two. My money was on November 3rd precisely. And why do I think that? When Julie released my wrist I depressed the button on the side of my watch and there it was: November 3rd. And although it didn’t show what year it was (the good people at Casio bestowed enough faith in their customers that they should at least know what year it was) I’d bet it would read 1997. Because that’s what year it had been.
The second epiphany was in this being real. Sure as shit, we were walking here, not dreaming it. Julie wasn’t in my head, she was walking beside me in the flesh. She had remembered my watch being worn by me that day, not I. I still don’t recall it, but I trust that she recalls it correctly. If this hell were all inside my head, I wouldn’t be able to produce memories not my own. I suspect I could ask her things I could in no way know, and she’d be able to answer some of them, and answer them accurately. Because she was real, with a mind of her own and memories of her own.
“Why do you keep calling me Jeffie all of a sudden?”
“I’m starting to remember a lot of things,” she said thoughtfully. “Why do you suppose we have these ties into that day?”
“The million dollar question,” I replied. “I have no clue.”
Julie was more like me than I thought. We were on the same wavelength. “Tell me something I don’t know about Anna,” she said.
She was questioning this being a dream as well. She wanted me to provide some kind of proof that I had knowledge independent of her own. “Okay. Did you know she had a boy following her around named Jacob? He was infatuated with her, but she didn’t feel the same way about him.”
“No, I didn’t know that. She never told me, I don’t think. Of course she wouldn’t be infatuated with him: she loved Jeffie. Didn’t she?”
Oh my aching heart. I wished she didn’t just say that. “Please be assuming this and not saying it out of knowledge.”
She studied my expression and grinned a little from it. “I see. It’s like that, is it?”
I nodded.
“You never told her.”
“To my everlasting regret, I did not.”
We strode along for a moment before she came out with it. “If you prefer, I’ll say that I’m assuming it.”
I closed my eyes and muttered, “Damnit. Damnit all.”
“Sorry. I used to tease her about it: Anna and Jeffie sitting in a tree, K-I-S-S-I-N-G. You want to marry and make babies with Jeffie, don’t you. She hated that. Because it was true.”
I sighed a great big one. “I’d prefer thinking she didn’t like me.”
“That’s what you get for having a crush on someone and not telling them.”
“It wasn’t a crush. I was in love with her. Madly in love.”
“Then you won’t like hearing this. I remember her wedding.”
“It’s okay, I figured she’d be married by now.”
We had arrived at the locale of the simian things. We were between where they had originated from and where they struggled before the bigger killed the smaller. I scanned the dirt as we crossed it, looking for signs that it was real and not imagined. Foot prints. But there weren’t any, and it didn’t weigh so heavily upon my mind; new things had replaced it. New torments were in the works. It was still hell, only the demons were now internal instead of external.
Julie gasped sharply. I looked around: there was nothing to alarm over. I then considered it was a gasp of recollection, and it was. Her eyes were wide and penetrating my own. She then looked to the ground before her with a troubled brow, retook my hand in hers and palmed her forehead with the other. I said nothing, let her speak when she was ready.
“Oh no,” she said on the verge of tears. “Oh nooo.”
“What?”
She looked up at me, then returned her vacant gaze at the ground shaking her head. “I prayed to God, I believed in God—believe in God—so why should I be in hell? Was I that bad of a Christian?” She said inwardly.
“So you do think we’re in hell.”
She nodded gravely.
“Great,” I said sarcastically. “Fantastic.”
“That or we’re in heaven.” She looked around. “This isn’t heaven.”
“We’re dead.” It was half question, half statement.
“I remember, Jeffrey. Leading up to here, I now remember.” She emitted an anguished moan and threw her head back. “Why… why did I do it?”
“Do what?”
“Oh my, even the damned bridge was named Devil’s Crossing. How horribly ironic is that?”
“Tell me.”
She was now crying and in no hurry to tell me. But we had a long walk to wherever we were headed, so it would come out eventually. And it didn’t take long.
“My boyfriend’s name is Chris. Oh man… he must be so devastated, feel so guilty. It was his idea.”
“What was?”
“We were at Lake Matthews for the day. Me, Chris, Alex, and Jenn. We hiked up to where the river flowed into the lake. There is a trail that goes alongside it. It starts getting steep, real steep, as you hike up it. The river is between two steep cliffs. There’s a bridge from one side to the other: Devil’s Crossing. Two different paths converge there, and continue on the other side of the bridge. It’s a rickety old thing, bounces when you walk across it. Wooden planks connected by some cable, ropes to hold on to as you go. The river was pretty far down below it, maybe fifty feet. Chris was crossing it on the outside of the bridge, holding on to the rope as he went. He egged me on to do it with him, called me a pussy when I wouldn’t. We had been drinking some beer and I was feeling pretty confident, and didn’t like his calling me a pussy for not doing it. So I went along the outside, too. Alex and Jenn were getting pretty upset with the both of us, urged us to stop.”
“You fell off.”
She looked over at me with wide brooding eyes. “I did. I did fall off. I remember losing my footing and falling, but not impacting. That’s where my memory stops. I’m not sure how deep the water is, I think it’s pretty deep. But there are rocks down there. Lots of them, sticking out of the water.”
“I don’t suppose it matters. We’re here, aren’t we?”
“I want so much for this to be a dream, Jeffrey. I want a re-do. I want to tell Chris to walk across the damned bridge by himself if that’s how he wants to do it. I can’t believe I did it! I can’t believe I did it and what happened because of it! I can’t believe I’m…!”
I put her in my arms and hugged her. She wept on my disgusting tee-shirt. I rested my cheek on the top of her disheveled brown hair. I wondered why we were the only two people here. Probably there were others, many others, somewhere. Pursuing our course seemed pretty irrelevant now.
“What should we do?” She said as she let go of my embrace.
“I don’t know.”
“Let’s walk over there.” She pointed to the ridge nearest us, which was a twenty minute walk at least. “I want to see what’s on the other side. Maybe we’ll find others.”
I nodded, took her hand, and together we changed our direction to the nearest ridge.
“I don’t know how I’d endure this alone,” she said. “Thank God for you.”
“Yes, thank God. Thank God I am in hell with you.”
“I didn’t mean it like—”
“It’s okay, I know,” I said. “It’s ironic, though. Isn’t it?”
“That I’m thanking God for you being in hell with me?”
“No, that you have the good mind to thank God. Was that a mindless remark or were you truly thanking God? You do believe in Him, don’t you?”
“I do. And I was,” she said. “I’m not the best Christian, but I believe in the Lord Jesus, and that he is our savior.”
“I just don’t get it. Maybe I deserve to be in hell, but why are you here? You belong in heaven, if I do say so myself.”
She raised her brow at me. “Well… we don’t know that this is hell for sure, do we?”
“I don’t anything for certain.”
“I do know that what happened to me caused me to be here; that means I didn’t survive the fall. And because of that, I suspect you probably died of a heart attack or something there in your office.”
“Yes, I believe you’re right.”
“Maybe this is heaven, and we’re just working our way to the pearly gates.” Her grin, faint as it was, was endearing. “And that you’re with me in heaven, maybe you’ll be my husband here.”
I laughed. “Are you proposing to me?”
“No, that’s your job.”
“Things just turned silly.”
“I know. Might as well make the most out of our situation, huh?”
My calf was both burning and itching, so I paused to give it some attention. I raised my pant leg and scratched at my wound. My nails scraped away some of the scab inadvertently. I had peeled scabs prematurely before; wounds always bleed because of it. But here there was no blood. It puzzled me. I then tinkered with part of the scab that had roots deep in my flesh. I felt the pain of it, but there was no blood.
“What are you doing to yourself?”
Instead of replying I squeezed my wound, to evoke bleeding. Then scratched at it ruthlessly. Still nothing. I put a nail inside the pink tissue and pushed deeply. It stung like a bastard.
“I can’t bleed!”
She swooned. Her eyes rolled up just as she began to fall. I lunged and caught her, lowered her unconscious body to the ground.
“Julie? Are you all right?”
I knelt beside her, swept a sheaf of hair out of her face. Why did she lose consciousness? I really doubt it had anything to do with watching me abuse my wound a little. It wasn’t that disgusting.
I sat there at her side staring off into the distance as she slept. I put her hand in mine on my lap, laced my fingers through hers. She had said poor Chris. Yeah, poor Chris indeed. I wondered what this Chris guy might be doing now. Perhaps he was at her funeral this very moment, hating himself for instigating this tragedy. How could he live with himself knowing that she died because of him? I don’t think I could live with that degree of guilt.
I reflected back to when Anna was a freshman at LSU. I had begun dating Mary shortly after she moved away. I was writing letters to Anna before that, but they pretty much stopped altogether after Mary stole my heart. I did call her a couple times, but most of the calls were from Anna’s end. I remembered one such call. The reason why I remembered this particular call I couldn’t say. At first. But sure enough there was a reason for it, and it would give me more heartache as I relived the memory.
“Well hello there, Mister Jeffrey Jay Jacobs!”
“Hey Anna. What’s up?”
“Have I ever told you I love saying your name? Anyway, I’m just taking a break from studying for my English exam. It made me think of you, you know, studying literature. How are your classes going?”
“Eh, not bad.”
She must have sensed that my mind was preoccupied. “So, have you met anyone in school yet? Any girls?”
“Yeah,” I said. “One.”
“Oh? What’s her name?”
“Mary.”
“Mary Mary quite contrary. Are you two dating?”
“Yep, we’re kind of seeing each other.”
“Really,” she said, feigning happiness for me. “Good for you. I’m happy for you.”
“Thanks. How about you? Meet anyone yet?”
“Nah. Well I’ve met some guys, but nothing like you and Mary. You’re so shy, I bet she asked you out, didn’t she?”
“Actually, she did. It was indirect, but yeah, she kind of paved the way for me.”
“What’s she like?”
“I don’t know. Just a normal girl.”
“I bet she’s really pretty.” (I imagined Anna looking in the mirror just then)
I wondered why she thought that. Mary wasn’t that pretty, but she was all right. I didn’t say anything though.
“And smart,” Anna added. “Probably doesn’t have freckles and I bet she doesn’t stutter.”
Okay, that was a little odd. Anna did have freckles, though they were scant and didn’t diminish her beauty whatsoever. If anything they were a boon to her allure. And stutter? What was that about? Anna didn’t stutter.
“No she doesn’t stutter. Why do you say that?”
“You’re so sweet. You don’t have it in you to hurt my feelings.”
“What are you talking about?”
“I sometimes stutter,” she said.
“Bullshit. I’ve never heard you stutter.”
“It’s kind of rare, but I do. You’ve heard it.”
“Anyway, I should probably get in the shower. We’re going to see a movie.”
Silence on her end. Then, “I hope you’ll still write me. And call me. Will you?”
“Of course.”
“Good. I miss you, Jeffie. I mean Jeffrey. Sorry. I mean it, I miss you.”
“I miss you, too.” I put zero emotion in that sentiment and currently hated myself for it.
Another pause, then, “I love you. Take care, Jeffrey.” She hung up.
I looked at the phone a little thrown off by that, then hung up.
How could this not be hell? Remembering these things was torture. How could I not see things back then that are so clear to me now? She was contrasting Mary to herself, to see why I would choose a girl like Mary instead of her. Perhaps because of the freckles and stutter. It was heart-wrenching. I had totally forgotten that Anna had said I love you at the end of that phone call. And the take care, Jeffrey, that was almost a farewell-sounding thing to say. And true enough, after that phone call correspondence between us only grew rarer and rarer. It was I who killed our friendship, there are no two ways about it.
It’s a hell of a lot easier to hate someone else than it is to hate yourself. Sitting there beside the sister of she who once possessed my heart (and let’s face it, still does), I utterly hated myself. I deserved to be here. This poor girl at my side didn’t, though. I had never been more sure of anything.
I checked the time on my watch: 2:15 PM. I wished time really was moving backwards. I’d give anything for a re-do (as Julie had so eloquently put it) on the bench outside of the Macintyre’s that long ago autumn afternoon.
All at once I felt tired. Maybe it had been cumulative, but I had just noticed it. I laid down beside Julie with her hand in mine, and stared up at the gray misty clouds. My eyes became too heavy to keep open. I didn’t fight it. I allowed myself to slip into unconsciousness.

I didn’t dream. I was awakened by a mouth upon mine. I opened my eyes to see Julie’s open eyes, bleary and sedate, smiling at mine. I tried to speak but her mouth was against mine. I turned my head and asked why she was kissing me. My words were slurred, as if I had a reunion with my old pal Johnny Walker.
“Good morning, sweetie,” she said, words also slurred. She moaned and sought purchase on my lips again.
“Don’t. Wait, Julie.”
She made a game out of it, trying to catch my mouth with hers.
“Stop!”
She did take that to heart. She backed off of me.
“Why are you kissing me?”
“Sorry. I didn’t think you’d mind. Oouu… I feel good.”
I knew exactly what she was talking about, because I felt it too. “How long have we been here?”
“How should I know?”
I looked at my watch: 1:50 PM. If my watch was accurate (in its backward keeping of time) it had been about twenty minutes.
“May I kiss you again?”
“No! Why do you want to kiss me?”
“It helps,” she said. “I’m not thirsty anymore.”
Nor was I. “Kissing me made you not thirsty anymore?”
She nodded and twitched her brow devilishly.
“That can’t be.” I sat up. “I’m not thirsty, though. How about that? I feel… drunk.”
“Me too!” She lunged playfully at me, put her arms behind my head and kissed my mouth. I kissed her back, and kind of expected a flow of liquid to pour into my mouth and satiate me. But that didn’t happen, and her tongue possessed no distinction of taste. Her flavor was neutral.
I’d be lying if I said her kissing me wasn’t enjoyable. Joy didn’t come cheap lately, milk it for all you can. It grew more passionate. I believe that it very easily could have escalated into sex. I had an idea that if we did have sex, that the sensation of being inside her would be neutral, just as her tongue’s flavor was neutral. That truly is hell, when sex produces no feeling.
I pulled away from her mouth and said, “Let’s think this through. Stop, please. Why did you pass out earlier, do you remember?”
“I don’t.” She leaned in for another kiss: I put my hands on her upper chest and pushed her away. “Aww, don’t do that.”
“I feel drunk, too. And I’m not thirsty. What happened while we were asleep?”
She shrugged, big cheese eating grin on her face.
I got up and offered my hand, pulled her up. I began breasting the hill, Julie close at my side, saying silly things. She was having all kinds of memories of her past and felt it imperative to enlighten me of every single one of them. I was growing annoyed, and chose to ignore most of it. The dirt ended and rock replaced it, steep and growing steeper. We cut diagonally to lessen the angle.
“I couldn’t believe he said that to me!” She ranted. “Can you?”
I said nothing, was panting pretty hard. She wasn’t even winded yet. 
There had been no shift in the daylight since my arrival. It was growing later, contrary to what my watch would have you believe, but nothing had changed with the diffused light of the invisible sun through the cloud layer. 
I yearned to stop to rest before reaching the top, but was resolute in my purpose. I wanted to reach the top and look over. If it was more of the same on the other side, I didn’t know what I’d do. What if this was all there ever was? Me and her, for an eternity, in this wasteland. It wouldn’t have seemed like such a bad thing earlier, but damn she was getting on my nerves lately. She wouldn’t shut up. She was drunk or high. I felt buzzed at the bottom of the ridge but that pleasantry was gone. Fucking distant. I had never been more sober. And the thought of seeing over this hill was my saving grace. It fueled me as I went, even as this bumbling fool was like an anchor being dragged behind me.
“Do you think when Chris dies, he’ll be here too? Is that wrong of me to wish he will be? That would be great if there were more than just you and I, wouldn’t it?”
“Could you please stop talking, Julie? Please? I get it, you feel good and want to share it with me. But for the love of God, please give it a rest.”
She giggled. “For the love of God. If you had love for God maybe you wouldn’t be here.”
What could I say to that? She had a point and I had no retort. My plea didn’t go unheeded, though, because she did tone it down for a while. She kept grabbing at my hand, couldn’t stand to not be holding hands. I needed my arms for balance and told her that. She huffed and folded her arms under her breasts to punish me. Punished me by not allowing me access to hold her hand. She was out there, all right. It wouldn’t be a full minute later before she tried holding my hand again, and when I refused her she asked if I’d kiss her. I was starting to hate her. It wasn’t her fault, but still. Something had happened back there to cause her to be this way. I had felt some of it too, but it had passed. I hoped it would pass with her before I throttled her to… well you can’t die twice. That made me wonder. If I killed her where would she go? What a dark thought. I chastened myself for entertaining the thought. She was a pleasant girl when she was sober.
We were getting close and I was getting excited. I accepted that it wouldn’t be paradise on the other side; no oasis and old friends toasting champagne and yucking it up. I’d settle for any view other than what was behind me. Perhaps just one other person. Someone else because I was beginning to feel lonely even with Julie in my company.
She had been silent for a while, and I judged that her high was waning. Hoped it was waning.
“How you doing?” I asked her.
“Getting tired.”
And she was, I heard it in her voice. Not sleepy but exhausted.
“We’re almost there,” I said.
“What do you think is on the other side?”
“No clue.”
“I think there will be people. A lot of them. Maybe far off, but we’ll see signs of them.”
“I guess it will be almost exactly like what’s behind us. No people.”
The top of the ridge was too steep to climb. We had to walk laterally along it until we found a rock with wide enough grooves to make steps of. She wasn’t thrilled with letting me go first, but I wanted to help her up so she wouldn’t fall. She made me promise I wouldn’t look without her.
True to my word I made it to the top and avoided looking down the other side. I laid on my stomach and reached down to her hand, and pulled as she climbed. Finally we had made it.
At the top we walked toward the opposing side of the ridge. With each step the valley on the other side presented itself greater. We stopped at the precipice, which was steeper on this side, more treacherous.
More fucking nothing. Dirt, rock, vast open hell. A more empty feeling there was none. 
I looked over at her. Her eyes were sober and glassy, a solemn expression borne on her angelic face. Her gaze swept the valley, which was larger than our previous. A tear rolled down her cheek.
“I’m sorry, Julie. I wanted to find others, too.”
“Why do you suppose your leg wouldn’t bleed?” She said distantly. “Because the dead don’t bleed. Just as the dead don’t die.”
When her eyes gazed down the steep cliff, I knew what she was preparing to do, and only had time to call her name before she leapt over the edge.
She tumbled head over foot, again and again: I turned away from it.
I backed away from the precipice, dropped to my knees and wept. If there was any justice in this universe, her passing from here would bring her to where she belonged: heaven. Her being here was a mistake.
Alone again. I missed Emmy. I wondered how she was getting along having just endured the death of her uncle. She had witnessed me die. Poor thing. I suspect I died of a massive coronary. A heart attack caused from seeing that hellish thing. It’s easy to blame that thing, but how was my health really? High blood pressure and high cholesterol: yes and yes. A diet of processed foods and scotch. I had quit smoking, at least, but several years of that probably didn’t unclog my arteries like so much Drano. It was also possible that I had died of an allergic reaction to that tonic Ernest fed me. God I hoped that wasn’t the case. Emmy would feel responsible for my death if it was. Poor thing. As I wept there, alone in my misery, I pined to tell Emmy I loved her, that this wasn’t her fault, and that I was sorry for putting her through this. 
I laid down on the rock and cried myself to sleep. A deep sleep. When I’d wake up nothing would be the same.

When I awoke I hadn’t the slightest notion where I was. I sat bolt upright and looked around. I was in hell, that much I remembered, but my environment had changed drastically. I was in the same spot ( I think) on the damned sharp rock, but my visibility was hindered by mist. Thick gray mist with a water-weight attached to it. As if the dark clouds had dropped and enveloped me. Coupled with the intense heat, it was like being in a steam room. It didn’t seem to be any later in the day. I checked my watch and couldn’t read the time. My automatic response was to push the little button on the top left and damn if it didn’t illuminate the screen. This was the watch from my childhood, though I still couldn’t recall it. I remembered its functions oddly enough. It was 8:20 AM. I had slept for five hours.
Fortunately my thirst was abated, still. Somehow. Had it not, I’d be working on harvesting some of the moisture in the air, perhaps with my shirt, and sucking it out. That was one problem I no longer faced. Nor was keeping company. I had wished that annoying bitch would shut up, and now she would never make a sound again. Jeffrey Jay Jacobs the Self Centered, I believe we met earlier.
It was going to be rough getting a move on with no visibility, but I needed to be actively engaged in some mission, to maintain my sanity. The subsequent ridge recalled from recent memory (and now obscured by clouds) was a great deal away. Many hours of traveling it would take. I’d make my way there and take a look over that ridge. And then the next. And then the next, until something changed. Or until I found another partner, and next time I’d see to it that our friendship stuck. How shitty must my friendship be that my companionship drives people to throw themselves off cliffs? 
It was deafly quiet. I wished Julie was here if for no other reason than to have another pair of ears to listen to my rantings. I wasn’t fond of remembering my past, how I fucked my life up, and dwelling on it would just bring more despair. So I’d sing. My voice wasn’t all that bad, and I’d be the only one who heard it anyway.
It was going to be real tricky descending this ridge, with or without proper visibility. I had all the time in the world so I’d spend copious amounts of it gingerly climbing down this rock, taking breaks often.
The problem with singing is most of the songs I knew the lyrics to were love songs, and they would just make me more miserable. So I sang Oh My Darlin’ Clementine. Emmy used to sing it when she was a kid, and she was cute as a hamster’s nose as she did so. Facing the steep rock I slowly backed my way down the hill. 
It had been twenty minutes, I judged, and little progress was made. Maybe, I couldn’t be sure. I couldn’t fucking see. But suddenly I saw something, just as my foot brushed up against it: Julie’s white dress. She wasn’t inside it. When I picked it up it fell apart like a thousand-year-old piece of delicate fabric. I hunkered down and scanned the area for signs of her body. I knew I wouldn’t find it, but it was an impulsive action. Could what have happened been what I had hoped for, that she was delivered to her rightful place? Heaven?
“Please be the case. God if you exist, please accept Julie into your kingdom.”
I continued down the hillside. The lower I got, the darker it became. The more layers of cloud that separated me from light. It got to be that I could scarcely see my own shoes.
I had reached the bottom. The tricky thing was going to be keeping a straight trajectory. There would be no way to achieve that. I sensed I should be hungry. Famished, even. I possessed no physical wants. I settled into a healthy pace along the dirt hard-pack. I wouldn’t be surprised if I walked smack into a rock formation eventually, if the cloud cover didn’t relent. It was of little concern as I made my way.
There was the distant yowl of an animal, or demon, unlike the simian shriek. It bristled every fine hair on my body. It came from my left. Another entity answered the previous, and to my dismay it originated at my right. I increased my pace.
“Though in life I used to love her, now in death I’ll draw the line. Oh my darlin’, oh my darlin’, oh my da-aarlin’ Clementine.”
There was a snort. A low deep guttural chuff. A beastly ejaculation that painted the most horrific image in my imagination. The damned thing was I couldn’t pinpoint its location. It was as though sound got all twisted and tangled up in this pervading mist and I couldn’t make heads or tails of its proximity or direction, like I had with the previous occurrence.
“Ruby lips above the water, blowing bubbles soft and fine. But alas I was no swimmer so I lost my Clementine. Oh my darlin’ Oh my—”
Another chuff, this one behind me and very near. I ran. There was a bat-like screech overhead. It wasn’t near, but its subsequent screech was. I was at a full sprint when I tripped over a rock and fell flat on my face. I stood up and waited before continuing. Listened. There was a plentitude of sounds, most low and distant, but not all of them. New sounds were originating, alien sounds. When I felt something tap my left calf I cried out and ran again. Ran like holy hell.
There was laughter from an omnipresent voice, like God in so many movies and shows, its origin all around me. A maniacal laughter that instilled the most fatal dread I’ve ever known. As if it sensed my dread, its laughter grew more maniacal, and louder, more foreboding.
As I ran I perceived arcs of black like moving shadows through the mist. They were all in my head, I consoled myself. Maybe the mist wasn’t so bad: I didn’t want to discern what I perceived. At my right flank appeared the simian thing, pacing itself alongside me as if for sport. So close was it that I could distinguish its particulars even through this weather. Sickly green with a ghastly demonic face, fanged teeth and large protuberant lidless eyes. Reflexively I backhanded it, striking it in the face. It shrieked and stopped, then cackled in a register redolent of humor.
If ever was an occasion suitable for a heart attack it was now. My heart was beating like a myriad of drums, exploding in my chest, pushed to the limit. The encounter with the simian thing ratcheted up my pace to impossible speeds. I began faltering, damn near tripping over myself as I sprinted.
What stopped me were two piercing red dots straight ahead. I skidded to a stop and began treading backward even before my forward progression had ended. They were canine in nature, like red wolf eyes. What or who they were attached to was lost in the haze, but their nature was evident. They were rapacious, evil eyes.
“What do you want,” I said in no more than a breath. It was all I could produce.
The eyes bobbed up and down almost imperceptibly as it stepped toward me. I turned and took but one step when I encountered something I can only describe as an imp. A spritely little demon with a wide toothy grin and yellow reptilian eyes. Then another. And another. They were diminutive in stature, and thus I plowed between the lot of them and took to a sprint. Something hooked my ankle mid-stride, sending me to my face once again. I heard the footfalls of he who possessed the red eyes, and it was then that I surrendered to the moment. What could I do against them? The many scores of them, in all their corrupted breeds and perversions.
The thought I then clung to was I am already in hell, what could they possibly do to me? I was already dead, they couldn’t kill me again. I rolled over on my back and sat up, anticipated the worst. And the worst came. The beasts and demons and ghouls and imps environing me lunged and pounced and pummeled me; bit and clawed and trampled me. Devoured me as I screamed at the top of my lungs. Into the black I went.

The alarm went off at seven AM and I rolled out of bed. I could smell the hickory aroma of bacon coming from downstairs. I loved it when I smelled bacon, and not because I loved eating it so much: it meant Mom was also cooking pancakes, and I loved pancakes. I looked out my bedroom window and it was dark. Low hanging rain-clouds suffused the sky. I took a quick shower, dressed, snatched the backpack from my desk and jaunted down the stairs, went inside the kitchen. With bed hair and armed with a spatula, Mom was flapping Jacks.
“Morning, Jeffrey.”
“Hey.”
“Are you coming right home after school today?”
“I was going to go to Anna’s after school. Why?”
“I need you to help me clean the house. Your sister Liz is coming over for dinner tonight and has big news. I have a feeling that she’s pregnant.”
“Really? That would be cool. I’d be an uncle.”
“And I’d be a grandma.” 
“Do you really need me to help?” I was whining, a desperate plea in my tone. “I had plans with Anna tonight, important ones.” It was a lie, but I wanted to see her. And didn’t want to clean the dang house.
She looked over at me with a sidelong grin. “You really like Anna, don’t you?”
“Not like that,” I lied again. “She’s cool. Like one of the guys. That’s all. If she was a dude I’d like her just as much.”
“Uh huh.” She wasn’t convinced. In fact, the twinkle in her eye said that she knew damn well what was going on in my head. My first crush. She wasn’t my first crush but was by far the most crushed upon in my fifteen semi-agreeable years. She exaggerated a sigh and said, “Go ahead. I’ll clean house by myself. If it rains, don’t stay out in it.”
“I won’t.”
Sure as shit it began raining. I was getting soaked at the bus stop. I jostled my way to the front of the line when the bus pulled up and took a seat in the back-back, procured the spot beside me for Anna, who would be picked up two stops later.
At the stop before that five kids entered the bus, squeaking in their galoshes and rubbers. I was hoping Gwen would take the seat directly in front of me, and when she didn’t I then hoped Tony would take it. Anyone but Jacob, who was at the back of the procession and not nearly as dumb as he looked. He knew where Anna would be sitting (beside me) and was surely licking his chops at the prospect of sitting so near her. I fist pumped and cheered silently when Andrew took the seat in mention; Jacob was doomed to take a seat several rows ahead of me.
When Anna boarded the big yellow Twinkie my breath caught. Not because she was any prettier than was her usual, but because I always caught my breath when I first encountered her after any stretch of separation. I smiled internally when she looked the other way as she passed Jacob.
“Hi, Anna,” Jacob said. 
Anna muttered something that might have been a greeting, but probably wasn’t. Her eyes met mine and bunched up in an eye-smile. Say cheeese, pretty blue eyes. I scooted to the window and let her have the spot that my butt had warmed if only for a few minutes. That she sat in the exact spot that I had just one second ago was an intrigue not lost on me. Had I still been there and it was possible for two people to occupy the same space, our guts and organs and blood and skin and brains would be inside one another’s at that moment. So creepy and so mystifying the thought was. Maybe it was more symbolic than anything: I wanted her inside me and me inside her, not physically but something more. Something better. I’m a bonafide nut-job, admittedly.
“Sup, Anna,” I said apathetically. I was a real cool customer, all right.
“Hi, Jeff. How about the rain, huh? It was supposed to be sunny today.”
“Yeah I know. Hopefully it clears up. Want to hang out after school?”
“Sure. At my place, though. My mom made me promise I’d help her put together Julie’s new bike. Can you believe that? A bike you have to assemble? I thought they all came put together, but I guess not these days. Knowing my mom, she probably bought it disassembled to save a few bucks.”
“Why doesn’t your dad put it together?”
“He isn’t back from California yet. Should be by the weekend, though.”
“That’s cool. I can help put it together, if you’d like.”
“That would be awesome. Thank you, Jeffrey. You’re a sweetheart, you know that?”
“I do know that.” I smiled playfully at her.
It began clearing up by noon. By the time school got out the few remaining clouds were on the horizon. Being that my sixth period class was at the other end of campus, it was Anna’s turn to save my spot on the bus. As I hulked toward her in the aisle, I glimpsed Jacob sitting on the bench opposite her. He was as close to her as he could be; any closer and he’d fall off the bench into the aisle. Anna was as far from him as possible, pressed against the side of the bus, her head against the windowpane.
“Hey, Jeff,” Jacob said. He had been pursuing a friendship with me for as long as I could remember. I suppose he figured the easiest way into her life was through me, since I had already proven myself capable of weaseling my way into it. I was indifferent to him. I refused the many invitations he had thrown my way in the realm of extra-curricular activities such as basketball, birthday parties, catching a movie, shooting pellet guns.
“Sup, Jacob.”
I slid along the vinyl seat and butted up against Anna. She smiled and it tickled in my chest. I told her she was looking rather smart this fine afternoon. She said I wasn’t looking so dumb myself.
“I almost forgot that tomorrow we have a minimum day,” I said. “I love minimum days. Hey, maybe we could go fishing tomorrow afternoon. Scott told me of a really good place up at Kelley’s Pass.”
“Yeah, sure. I almost forgot it was a minimum day myself. In a couple weeks we get a four day weekend. Can’t wait.”
“Yep, Thanksgiving.”
I carried her books to her house. Anna is the only girl I know who doesn’t use a backpack. And I have a working theory as to why. More often than not I go to her house after school, and always carry her books. Kids aren’t stupid, they see this kind of stuff. They can put two and two together (most of them, at least). They see me carrying the beautiful Anna’s books and assume we kind of have a thing going on. How I wished they were right. But I suppose I was like a front for her. A decoy. A useful idiot. Jacob wasn’t the only boy who wanted her, and all those who were likeminded would see me carrying her books and assume the worst, and find a new girl to fall in love with. Yes, it is my theory that Anna didn’t use a backpack just so I would have to carry her books home. Do you think I minded doing it? Heck no! I’d move heaven and hell for her if I only knew how. And I sure got a kick out of people glancing at the boy and girl walking together, and them assuming I was her boyfriend. How I wished it was less assuming and more knowing. It was pretty ridiculous that I couldn’t tell Anna how I felt about her. I kind of felt resentful toward her for not picking up on it—how unfair, I know. Any other boy would have whined by now after carrying her heavy stack of books day after day. They’d say, “Damnit Anna, why don’t you get a friggin’ backpack already. I’m not your packhorse.” But not this guy. I just smiled at her when she handed her books over, no matter how tall the stack might be. My arms were getting pretty strong by it. If she lived another mile away from the bus stop I’d probably look like that Incredible Hulk guy, Lou Ferrigno.
Little Julie Macintyre had arrived home before us, as middle school has an earlier quitting time than does high school. She was on the porch waiting for her sister. She was antsy, all right. She wanted that bike put together this instant.
“Mom won’t be home for another hour,” Anna said, “so you’re going to have to wait.”
“Nah, it’s okay,” I said to Anna. “I’ll put it together, remember? Shouldn’t be too hard.”
Julie hopped up and down in her excitement. “I could put it together if I wanted to,” Julie assured her two elders, “but just to make sure it’s perfect I’d rather you guys do it. Be sure to do it right, please. Don’t break it.”
“We won’t,” I said. She sure was a cutie, especially when she got excited. She had that kind of face that if you stumble upon its equal on the back of a milk carton, you just feel sick to death. Throw some wings on her (she was already wearing a white dress) and passers-by might nudge their spouses and say, “Holy crap, look at that! An angel!”
Over the next hour we were in the garage with the door open. I had the two lovely ladies handing me the tools I asked for. That’s right, I was calling the shots around here. I was tempted to have them bake me cookies. 
For this being a joint effort, it sure seemed like I was doing all the work. Julie kept making bets with her big sister: “I bet you can’t do a handstand for as long as I can.” “I bet you can’t skip rope twice in one jump.” Anna wasn’t very competitive in nature, but she liked to amuse her kid sister and was a good sport about it.
I had just put the finishing touches on the bike, tightening all the hardware extra tight. I could just picture Julie crashing minutes after riding it, and it would be from some defect in the assembly of the bike: human error. Jeffrey Jay Jacobs the guilty party. I wouldn’t have much shared culpability, either, being that this whole mess was saddled on my shoulders as the girls enjoyed one another’s company.
Julie was eager to rip the bike out of my clutches and sail it off into oblivion. I was grateful that Anna refused to let her ride it until she gave it a good once-over. There would be shared culpability after all. Anna went as far as getting on it and taking it for a test drive, and there were severe consequences for that little act of mischief. Julie hollered after her, “Get off my bike! You’re ruining it! You have your own bike; why do you need mine! You’re such a bully!” 
Anna told her to can it. A minute later ownership of the bike was transferred, and Julie had a smile too wide for her face as she rode it away. I was grinning as I watched it all happen. It feels good to make people happy. I felt pretty good about myself. I felt a whole lot better when Anna closed our gap and hugged me. Oh how I loved the smell of her hair. It was Pantene. The first time I smelled the scent I committed it to memory. When I was at Target some days later I smelled all the shampoos until I found Anna’s scent. Pantene. From then on I washed my own hair with Pantene. I lied to my mom by saying it was the only stuff that didn’t make my head itch. But it smelled a little different on her than it did on me. Conditioner, probably. That and it was Anna. Anna put life in the unliving. If she wore gray, I suspect it would turn yellow. Okay, that’s an exaggeration, but you get my drift.
“Thank you for doing that for me,” she said. “You’re the best.”
“Was my pleasure.”
She let go of me and let her eyes linger on mine a little. It was both a wretched feeling and a wonderful feeling being her best friend. I need not say why it is wonderful, but the wretched part is I’m more like a brother to her than anything. I honestly wouldn’t be that surprised if while hanging out together in her bedroom, door closed, if she got undressed and changed into something more comfortable with me sitting there dumbstruck on the bed. To her I’d be like a cat or dog there on the bed, indifferent to her bare body. Or worse, she’d cover her body up to spare me the indignity of having to view my best friend’s naked body. Oh how horrible that would be! I was benign Jeffrey. Good ol’ dependable, reliable, Jeffrey. Standing there in her panties and a bra, she might say, “Do you think this bra is the same color as these panties? My mom says they are but I swear the bra is more cream-colored than white. And look at my butt, does it seem to be getting a little fatter? I keep telling mom to buy non-fat milk but she keeps buying that two-percent stuff.”
I sighed.
She asked me to sit on the bench and keep an eye out for Julie zipping by, in case there was an issue with the bike, like something needed to be tightened or adjusted, while she went inside and got a big ass cup of iced tea. It was always just one big ass cup of iced tea because we shared it. Sure it probably would have worked out just fine with our own cups, but we never did it that way, and after you do something enough times it becomes how it’s supposed to be.
I was sitting on the bench when the screen door creaked open. She came out looking like a million bucks. She had changed into a summer dress, light pink with big white flowers. I wondered why she changed out of jeans and a shirt into this. More comfortable, I guess. It made her even more beautiful, if that was possible. A dizzying concept. She sat down, dropped her purse between our feet and patted my knee, offered me some of the communal tea. It worked out great that we liked minimal sugar and a wedge of lemon not squeezed. I sipped and returned it. I pretended to stare at some flowers in a nearby flowerbed, but really I was checking Anna out. I had gotten pretty good at pretending to study things near Anna. I never got tired of imbibing her sight. I could get lost in her looks for an eternity, and was working hard at putting in just those kind of hours doing it.
When she leaned forward to open her purse and extract Chapstick, the front of her dress hung from her chest, affording me a clear view of her boobs . I had dreamed of this very thing for years, and now that it was happening I didn’t know what to do. I sort of panicked. I looked away from her boobs. I was afraid she was testing me, that if she had caught me looking at them I’d have been busted, and that would be the end of our friendship. That was much too steep a price to pay to see her glorious cleavage.
But maybe she wanted me to see them. Nah, she isn’t that kind of girl. But still, she couldn’t be entirely ignorant of the collar of her dress being a good eight inches away from her chest, just hanging down there. I bet her boobs caught some of the breeze, in fact. And she was kind of facing me. Nah, she didn’t do it on purpose. But if she did, God bless her enormous heart. That is charity for the ages, right there. She would do it, too, I decided. If I requested in earnest to see her boobs—the reason being that I am curious how boobs look and want to know first-hand—she’d take me to her bedroom and show me her boobs. I really don’t think it would be sexual to her, but instead more like science class. She’d do that for me because I was her best friend and she was mine. We’d do most anything for the other, happily. Gosh I love Anna. I really do. It isn’t just a brash remark, no sirree Bob. I love Anna Macintyre. And if feels great to admit it, if only to myself.
It was then that I resolved to confess my love to her. A bold move it would be. But it needed to be done. Why should I be the only one who knows that I love her? She had a right to know. She applied Chapstick to her lips and straightened her posture, smiled over at me for no reason at all, and that’s when smiles are at their prettiest. Julie zipped by us on the sidewalk honking her wha-ooga wha-ooga horn as she passed. She disappeared behind the tall hedge of the neighboring house.
“Are there any boys you like at school?” I asked her. My heart raced.
She grinned wryly. “Why, would you be jealous?” 
“Just wondering. Jacob can’t be the only one chasing after you.”
“That Jacob is one persistent booger, huh? I swear, I should just go out with him once and give him the worst date of his life. Maybe then he’ll leave me alone.”
“You don’t think he’s cute at all?”
“If I did I wouldn’t have turned him down all one-million times. My heart doesn’t belong to that Jacob. Hey, it’s my birthday in a week. What did you get me?” She smiled playfully at me.
“I got you a can of don’t-change-the-subject-on-me.” She giggled.
There was something just then that I felt, like how you feel electricity in the air before lightning. It was beyond my conscious mind, but a kind of instinct. Or maybe it was because she so quickly changed the subject, which meant that she had something to hide. Heck, I played that same card with my mom countless times, and it worked more times than not. But it felt heavy, a kind of gravity of situation that was new to me. It was opportunity. I just couldn’t put my finger on why exactly I thought that.
“So are there?” I said.
“Are there what?”
“Any boys who you like at school.”
The corners of her mouth upturned. “Why the sudden interest?”
“I’m just curious. We never talk about it.”
She shrugged, looked away.
“There is someone,” I said confidently. “Who? Do I know him? Come on, how long have we been best friends? Tell me. I’ll keep your secret.” I wished it was me. My how I wished it was me. 
I was squandering my chance to confess my love for her. And what better timing than now? Now that we were on the subject of who loves who. She’d tell me she loves some athlete and I’d tell her I love her. Heck, half of us would be in love with the right people.
“Nobody,” she said quietly.
Then it came to me so suddenly and fiercely that I actually stood up from the bench seat and took a deep breath. Yes! How could I have missed it!
“Your heart doesn’t belong to that Jacob,” I said.
She looked up at me quizzically.
“Don’t give me that look. You said it, not me.” Her face was a blank slate. I was getting no help there. “Anna, do you have a thing for another Jacob?”
“Why do you care so much?”
It was admission.
“Because. Because I just do. Do you have a thing for another Jacob?”
“For another Jacob? No.” My how she looked nervous.
I sat back down and put my hand on hers. It would be the defining moment of my life, when either everything sunk down into an abyss of crap or rose above and became the first true day of my life, from which all other days were built upon; the foundation for a life of bliss, and that could only be a life shared with my sweet Anna.
I waited till her eyes were penetrating mine like my eyes were penetrating hers and said, “Does your heart belong to Jacobs?”
She didn’t respond, and I sensed if I waited too long the moment would slip away and I’d be forever reaching out to grab it but it would always be just out of reach. Yes, I could be a little melodramatic, but I can’t help what I feel in my heart of hearts.
I couldn’t believe I was about to say this. “Because if it does, Anna, mine belongs to you, too.”
Her eyes widened and became glassy at once. That she was on the verge of crying filled my heart with joy. I hugged her tightly. Now that I knew she felt the same way, my confidence abound and I said something more. “I’ve loved you for years, I just couldn’t get myself to tell you.” And with that she actually wept.
“Ooouuuu!” Little Julie Macintyre said as she ripped by us. “Jeffie Jeffie, kiss me kiss me!” She intoned as her sister.
We ignored her and continued our embrace. I could have held her forever. Turns out we’d be consoling a crying little Julie in a few minutes, scraped knee and all. She would admit that it was her own fault she crashed, not the improper assembly of the bike.

There was a knock at the door and I knew who it was. I stepped around my desk and made haste to the door. Through the peep-hole I saw the concerned eyes of Emmy. They were the pretty blue eyes of her mother and grandma. I unlocked the deadbolt and opened the door, stood aside as to not directly look outside, and let my niece inside, wasted no time in re-locking the deadbolt.
Was she wondering why I wasn’t dressed in a suit today? Had she ever seen me dressed in anything other than a suit? I couldn’t recall, but I doubt she had. There’s goes my vanity once again, in full bore. We hugged.
“What is it, Uncle Jeff. You have me worried.”
“Can I get you something to drink? I don’t have any beer, but there’s some scotch.”
“Scotch? I thought you said you quit drinking?”
“I did,” I said shamefully. “I had a lot going on, a lot of deadlines to meet, and it just went easier with a little drink. That’s the damn thing about drinking. How easy it is to fall off the wagon, but damn it’s hard to get back on it once you do.”
“Is Aunt Anna okay with it?”
“She doesn’t know, so I’d appreciate it if you didn’t tell her.”
“Anyway, what’s this about? What’s the matter?”
I exhaled slowly. “I’ve been seeing this man in a black robe lately. It appears that nobody else can see him. I had Anna look square in his direction and she saw nothing. I downplayed it in front of her, but she’s more than a little worried for me. I told her I haven’t seen it since. But I have. And it’s been getting closer and closer to me. I’m scared, Emmers. I’m petrified.”
“Nobody sees him but you,” she mused. “How are your eyes?”
“Hopefully bad. But I fear they’re fine.” I stared at her for a moment before saying, “Ever think about your mortality?”

Anna came home from the office that evening, changed into something more comfortable, retook her car keys and asked if I wanted to go to the market with her. And if not, was there anything I wanted her to pick up for me. I requested a word with her before she left. Her eyes worried at once.
“You’re seeing it again,” she surmised.
I sat down and waited for her to take a seat before confessing that I had seen it. “I see it every time I look down the street. And not just this street. South along any street. Baby, I…” It was hard for me to admit to her. I always wanted to be strong for her, but the time had come to drop the pretenses. “I’m scared. It’s getting closer and… I just don’t know.”
“Jeff, you know nothing is there,” she said with candid sympathy. “It’s all in your head, honey. I’m making an appointment for you to see a doctor.”
“Yes, that will be fine.” 
She lowered her head and shook it in her hand. 
“I’m sorry, Anna. I get the feeling that it’s…”
“That it’s…?”
“Death.”
Her jaw slackened. “You think Death is coming for you?” There was raw wet emotion in her voice.
“I do.”
“But you aren’t ill! You’re perfectly healthy!”
“Yeah, for the most part. I haven’t exactly been doing everything I’m supposed to do, though. Like the pills for blood pressure and cholesterol.”
Her eyes widened with anger. “Jeffrey Jay Jacobs! Why would you—”
“Because you can’t mix those with alcohol.”
The anger dissipated. Pain replaced it. We were back there again, alcoholism. That she wasn’t angry touched me. There was nothing but compassion and worry in her eyes.
“Sweetheart,” I said, “I’m going to stop. I swear to you that I’m going to stop. Do you believe me?”
She was crying. She nodded.
“I’ll start taking the medicine again. And I’ll stop eating all the shit. Anna, I have this recurring image of a guillotine. The blade is up in the sky, and is descending upon me, falling and falling. I didn’t put much stock into it before I began seeing the man in black, but now I draw parallels. Like death is drawing ever nearer. The blade isn’t too far away, that is what I fear, Anna. I should have told you this a couple days ago. I’m really sorry.”
“I’m calling a doctor and I’m going with you. You aren’t going to leave me here. I can’t live without you.”

Chris was the first to reach the bridge named Devil’s Crossing. With a slight slur in his voice he dared Alex to cross it along the outside with him. Alex called him a lunatic and said it would be a cold day in hell before he did anything so stupid as that. Jenn wouldn’t even let Chris proposition her: she said she’d be taking the traditional way across, thank you very much.
That left Julie.
“Come on, babe. Don’t be a pussy. Just hold on to the rope.”
“Chris you’re drunk. Don’t do that. Please?”
“Ah, I’m not that drunk. I’ve done it before. Come on!”
Chris swung his leg over the rope, then the other. He began side stepping across the great divide. Below him white water rushed over and through a great many boulders. Julie caught up with him, but on the inside of the ropes, put her head inches from his and smelt the sour scent of beer.
“Take a look down there,” she said. “If you fall, you’re dead. Get back over here this instant.”
“You get back over here this instant!” He said and chuckled, side stepped again.
“I’m only going to tell you once, Chris. Either you get over here and cross the bridge correctly, or this evening I pack my things and move out of your apartment. Your choice. I’m not playing, either.”
“Jesus,” he said with a screwed up face. “What crawled up your ass today?”
He threw one leg over, then the other, and together the four crossed the bridge.

Epilogue

Julie awoke to the sound of knocking on the apartment door. She mumbled to Chris to get the damn door. He ignored her. The knocking continued. She got out of bed a little pissed off and put a robe on, looked through the peep-hole and was surprised to see her brother-in-law standing there. She opened the door.
“Jeff. What brings you by? What time is it?”
“It’s like six in the morning. Can we talk?”
“Six in the morning? Holy cow! I didn’t know there was a six in the morning.”
“Is Chris inside? Sleeping?”
“Yeah, of course he’s sleeping. It’s six.”
“Look, there’s something I need to talk to you about. Last night Anna told me that you were going to Lake Matthews today. Are you?”
“Yes.”
“I’m glad I caught you before you left. Listen, Julie, don’t bother asking me why I think this, I just do. Okay?”
“What? What?”
“I have this memory, or idea, or presentiment, or I don’t know what it is. But I feel it, Julie, with every fiber of my being. I don’t want to scare you more than you need to be scared, but know this: if there’s a bridge named Devil’s Crossing, and Chris tries to get you to cross on the outside of it, don’t do it. Don’t do it!”
“Devil’s Crossing,” she said thoughtfully. “Yeah, I know that bridge.” She nodded at me. “I won’t cross on the outside, got it.”

Afterword
The title Inferno, Purgatorio, Paradiso, was conceived from the three parts of Dante’s Inferno: Hell, Purgatory, and Heaven. In Dante’s Inferno, Dante travels through hell, into purgatory, and finally into heaven. This story is but a product of that idea, a trip from the hell of Jeffrey’s one true love slipping away into the heaven of redemption, of second chances.
Jeff Vrolyks
If you enjoyed this story, the author recommends Reflection, and coming soon: The Great Gray Superhighway, a psychological horror. You can contact him at jeffvrolyks@gmail.com, where he eagerly awaits your comments or a friendly hello, and vows to email you back!—yes, as a new and independent writer he is desperate for your attention and groveling isn’t beyond him. Visiting southern California??? Invite him to Starbucks where you will generously purchase him a steaming cup of bean and listen to him rant on about his passion for writing and comment on your nice sweater. The only thing he loves more than writing novels is discussing them!
About the author:
Jeff Vrolyks lives with his wife of 7 years Christy in Simi Valley, California. He is a new writer, in that he recently discovered a passion for writing and has been pumping out stories since. He was in the Air Force for a four year stint (cargo aircraft crew-chief), worked in the beer beverage industry, automotive industry, and in the oil fields on drilling rigs. In his mid-thirties, he fully expects to enjoy several more jobs in different fields. His turn ons include thunderstorms in the forest, rainy sunsets at the beach, and glowing reviews from you. His turn offs include driving in Los Angeles, working-out in an over-crowded gym he has no business being in, and receiving scathing reviews from people intolerant of foul language and violence. 
Find him on Facebook to be kept current on upcoming releases.
Reflection: Sample Chapter
They continued up to the next commercial break. Melinda, spry and peppy, sprung off the couch from an unlikely position, scampered off to the kitchen to make popcorn and refill her Doctor Pepper. Howard hadn’t been paying attention to the movie, had instead been pondering and finally made up his mind. He got off the couch and went to the kitchen.
“I’ve been thinking.” He startled her. “Maybe I do want to know. I can’t live knowing that I did something so profoundly consequential but have no memory of what it is. It was fine when I was oblivious, but not anymore.”
She punched in a minute-forty on the microwave, then stared off into space. Torn, she said, “I don’t think you… really? Howard,” she exhaled, “this isn’t something like remembering a word stuck on the tip of your tongue. You won’t feel better afterward, you’ll feel worse. Much, much worse.”
“I know. I’ve thought it through. Tell me.”
She considered it further. He let her think it through uninterrupted. The microwave beeped. She ignored it and went back to the couch in the den—Howard followed.
Howard sat with a leg on the floor, the other folded in front of him. Melinda faced him sitting Indian-style. “I remember it perfectly, but some of the specifics, like the wedding anniversary, that stuff I got in bits and pieces from Mom and Dad after the fact. I was nine-years-old, you were thirteen. We lived in the old house, the one out in Agoura Hills. It was Mom and Dad’s wedding anniversary weekend, fourteenth anniversary or something, doesn’t matter. But it does matter that is that it was their anniversary, because where do they always go?”
“They did go,” Howard corrected, “to Palm Springs.”
“Yeah. Friday evening, come back Sunday evening. Remember who used to babysit us?”
“Vaguely. Margie, or Margaret—”
“Margo, yep. I remember her very well. More than I’d like to, but that’s another story. She was our next-door neighbor. I use that term loosely, next-door neighbor. Do you remember the size of the freakin properties in our neighborhood?”
“I do. I remember that house. I loved that house.”
“It was a really nice house. That year you had turned thirteen. Howard the young man. Legally you didn’t need a sitter at thirteen, and we didn’t have one that weekend. Any of this sounding familiar? Ringing a bell?”
Howard shook his head, but felt his pulse accelerating.
“Saturday afternoon you went to the baseball diamond at the park down the street.”
“It was baseball.”
“No, Howard, trust me, it wasn’t. Just listen. So you and your five buddies were going to practice a little. I think they were your friends on your school baseball team. You had to take me with you, naturally, and I don’t remember much of this part to be honest; most of this is what you told Mom, Dad, the police, yadda yadda.”
“The police?”
“Gees, what do you think happened? A cat got ran over?”
He broke eye contact with her, gazed unseeingly around the room, cycled the possibilities, the unknown degree of horror and tragedy.
“So you guys threw the ball around, fielded some pop-flies, whatever, and two other boys showed up. They were a little older, one was just a little older, the other was done with high school. They were playing catch, and you asked them if they wanted to put a little game together. I don’t know what you could possibly play with eight people, but that’s beside the point. You guys didn’t know the two kids, but thought they were cool. And after an hour or so on the ball-field, we all walked back to our house, including the two new boys. The mistake of all mistakes, but how were you to know? You had invited them over for drinks and food, or something. You were thirteen so it probably wasn’t beer. Lemonade and chips, most likely. I tagged along behind you guys. I do remember seeing Margo in her front yard walking her stupid beagle. She was staring at you boys like you were chocolate on a heavy-flow day.”
“What?”
“She was drooling over you boys,” Melinda said plainly. “There’s a story behind that, but again, I won’t get into that.”
“So the eight of you and kid-sister had the house to ourselves. You played host. I went up to my bedroom and did whatever it was that nine-year-old Melinda liked to do in her room—probably watched The Lion King on VHS or tried to squeeze a little fun out of a bunch of Care Bears that I was outgrowing.”
“I thought you said you remembered it perfectly?”
“Jesus, Howard, I was nine. I may fill in the blanks here and there, but there aren’t a hell of a lot considering I was a kid who still thought babies came from storks. I’m doing the best I can, give me some credit. And I do remember it perfectly. We haven’t gotten to the it yet. I’m trying to paint a picture for you, help you to remember. I can get straight to the meat and bones of it if you prefer?”
He apologized, asked her to continue.
“Okay. I’ll try to do a better job remembering.” She muttered, “For the guy who doesn’t remember a damn bit of it.”
“Melinda…”
“Yeah, yeah, I know. Sorry. I may not recall exactly what I was doing in my room, but I sure remember the face that peeked through the gap of my door, and the sound of his voice whispering my name.
“At nine-years-old you trust everyone; life hasn’t yet shown you what it’s capable of. It smiles at you, smiles, smiles, big smiles, and then BAM!—it raises that upper lip and bares those rows of razor sharp teeth; a fucking Great White shark. That’s real life, brother. The Jaws of Life, if you will. But these Jaws of Life don’t cut through twisted steel to extract crash victims; they cut through trusting kids to extract innocence. And to think, the worst thing that ever happened to me before that day was Barbie’s hair getting caught in the scissors. I joke, but this is no joke, Howard.
“It startled me. A face wedged in the cracked-open door. I recognized him as the oldest boy in your group. Less. Lester Cobb. He was old enough to have sideburns that stretched below his jaw and a sharp raspy face. He had this warped grin;” she demonstrated with a sort of Elvis pout, with a little Jack from The Shining thrown in; “dark hair combed back, a greasy lock dangled mid-forehead down to his nose. It’s called a devilock—justly named—and from the Misfits, a popular band that use to wear devilocks. I know this because Lester had a Misfits Skull tattoo on his forearm and every time I see a stupid punk ass kid wearing that Misfits Skull tee-shirt, which is way too often still to this day, I am reminded of that bastard. His eyes were probably dark brown, but if you said they were black I’d believe you. It may have just been the shoddy lighting of a single lamp and closed blinds. Regardless, his eyes sharpened on me. I didn’t understand this stare, but I knew it didn’t feel right.
“Lester whistled at me. The kind you do to a dog, only quieter. He whistled three or four times, and between each he’d flash that pouty grin, that excited pouty grin. I think I may have, just the slightest bit, peed myself.
“Maybe we have a sixth sense and can sense certain kinds of danger, because Lester Cobb shouldn’t have alarmed me the way he did. It was strangeness. I knew strangeness, it’s a nine-year-old’s duty to appreciate strangeness, but it was the wrong kind.
“You know why I think it bothered me to the degree that I decided to scream for you? This man, kid, whatever, scared me from his face alone. Yeah there was presumably a body behind the face, one that I wasn’t being shown, but why the hell wasn’t I being shown? Why just a face? Was there something to hide? Something monstrous?”
“But you saw him at the baseball field,” Howard said. “You saw that he was normal.”
“Yeah, I guess I did. But the man who was glaring at me wasn’t the same guy who winked at Margo when she was ogling you boys. It’s hard to explain; he was the same guy obviously, but he changed, like your stupid transformers that you used to make me play with you. The man in the door had this cunning, baleful expression. He had transformed. And at nine, you aren’t a hundred-percent sure of anything. The universe is still proving itself to you. Bogeyman under the bed? Monsters in the closet? Can’t rule them out. Maybe if Lester made visible his body, that would’ve dampened some of the impact of dread his lunatic face affected on me.”
“Melinda?” Howard’s voice cracked.
A slight rise in her brow.
“You’re right about remembering it perfectly,” he said solemnly. “Maybe a little too perfectly. You know what I mean?”
“Yes, I do. It occurred seventeen years ago, but if it had happened yesterday it wouldn’t be any—”
“Melinda?”
“Hmm?”
“You weren’t… Lester didn’t… I can’t even get myself to say it.” He peeled off his glasses and pressed both palms into his eye sockets and twisted.
“Rape?”
Howard looked away shamefully, nodded.
“Let me tell the story. If you still have questions, I’ll answer them.”
He nodded.
“No, he didn’t rape me.”
Howard shed some shoulder-weight with a deep breath.
“So something inside me said this man was a bad man, and—”
Howard’s iPhone began playing the Battlestar Galactica theme: he turned the ringer off and flipped the phone upside down.
“I shrieked,” Melinda continued, “shrieked like the best of ‘em. Top of my healthy lungs. He smirked, shook his head and left. I didn’t care that he left, he was still in the house, so I wailed the Melinda siren until Big Brother came running upstairs. You asked what was wrong. I explained. You said I’m weird and stop screaming for no reason. My reason seemed as good as any to me. Nine-hundred and ninety-nine times out of a thousand, you would have been right. I don’t blame you for being wrong. You’re not psychic.
“You told me to keep it down and left. I closed my door, but it didn’t have a lock. I must have spent an hour stacking things in front of my door. My little TV wasn’t easy moving, but I put the lot of my treasures in front of the doorway, and then I felt better. But not perfectly safe, I still had a window. Being on the second floor helped a lot, but there wasn’t a lock on it. I couldn’t begin to figure out how he could get up to the window, but I knew he could. His eyes had told me that much, they were full of secrets—he knew a lot.
“I opened the blinds and stood guard at the window from then on. I had a plan in my head, that if I saw him I’d tear apart the barricade and lock myself in the bathroom. But it wasn’t necessary. All I saw was Margo pretending to walk her dog back and forth in front of our house. She had her boobs all popping out of her blouse. She knew a lot too, Howard, but she was no Less Cobb. Nobody is Lester Cobb.”
She cleared her throat and continued. “Your friends started thinning out before long. When my doorknob turned suddenly, I shrieked. But it turns out it was just you. You called me a nut job, said the boys were gone, and wanted to know what to cook me for dinner.”
“Macaroni and Cheese with fish-sticks,” Howard mumbled.
“You remember?” There was excitement in her voice. Howard had to assume she hated telling this story as much as he hated hearing it. A sudden return of his memory would put the story to rest. Permanently.
But that wasn’t the case. “You loved Mac n’ Cheese and fish-sticks,” he said. “No, I don’t remember. I just figured you’d have wanted that.”
“Oh.” Her disappointment was manifest. “I actually don’t remember what I said. And it didn’t matter one way or the other because we didn’t have dinner that night.”
Howard felt the couch cushion vibrate by his knee. “Damnit.” He snatched the phone and read: Upon Missed Call; Upton Text (1); Felicity Text (1). “Get off my ass already.” He powered the phone off and chucked it over to the smaller couch. 
“Sorry,” Howard said. “Go ahead, Millie.”
She gaped at Howard.
“What? Upton and Felicity can wait. Go head, finish.”
“What did you just call me?” Her calm soft voice was a lit fuse.
“I didn’t call you anything. Why are you looking at me like that?”
“Don’t you ever call me that again, or so help me God...”
Howard didn’t know how to respond, so he didn’t. She was busy hating him with her eyes, so he waited for the moment to progress at its own volition.
Melinda perched an elbow on top of the couch and rested her head in hand. She avoided her brother, watched old home-movies from the catacombs of her memory.
Enough time passed for Howard’s skin to begin crawling. “I’m sorry if I offended you. Will you continue please?”
She rolled her head off her hand and looked lazily at Howard. “Can I write it for you to read? Or dig up the newspaper instead?”
“Why are you being like this? Why the sudden change? You were doing fine. You painted a hell of a picture: Lester Cobb is a creepy asshole. And I’m kind of hoping I accidently blew his head off. At least he didn’t… you know,” he said the word with his eyes.
“Are you kidding me, Howard? You won’t say rape but you’ll call me Millie? A word is a word, yeah it’s unpleasant, but that name…”
“I didn’t call you Millie,” he assured. “I’ve never called you Mille. I’ve never said the name in my life.”
“When the boys were here,” she continued, detached as if she was reciting a boring bedtime story, “either Less or Damien unlocked the—”
“Damien?”
“Lester and Damien Cobb. Damien was the younger. One of them had unlocked the sliding back door while they were here. I was watching TV in the living room an hour or so later. You were in the kitchen, probably cooking us dinner. One of them or both of them had snuck into the house through the sliding back door and took care of you right there in the kitchen. You had head trauma; bludgeoned with something hard enough that you required staples in the back of your head that night. I don’t know how it went down or with what they used, but they must’ve surprised you because I never heard a peep.” Now her voice was a bit accusatory. “Maybe things would’ve been different if you warned me, maybe not.” She conceded, “They probably would’ve caught me anyway.”
“I’m sorry I didn’t warn you,” he said testily, “but if they snuck up and clubbed me, it’s hardly my fault.”
“I know. I shouldn’t have insinuated that.” She looked away for a moment, sniffled, felt tears in her eyes. “If it wasn’t for you… I’ve never thanked you in these seventeen years.”
“Thanked me? Don’t you dare thank me.”
“I was sitting on the couch,” she continued, “watching TV. I never saw it coming. A hand slid over my mouth, another around my throat. I was pulled off the couch from behind.”
“By, by the neck?” He squeaked.
“Mhmm. Then Lester took me to the room by… he dragged—” Her voice seized up. She hung her head, ran a pair of fingers through her scalp until she felt it, parted the overlying hair back, exposing a little bald pink spot the size of a penny.
Howard cringed. The image he conjured up was rueful. And infuriating.
“Lester was strong. Or maybe it was just that I was weak. I beat on his arm and any piece of him I could reach, all the way to their room.”
“Their?”
As if she had committed a sin, a thin uneven voice said, “Mom and Dad’s bedroom.”
Glowing hot cinders burned in Howard’s chest. “Please tell me this,” he said with a madman’s calmness. “Please tell me I killed them.”
Maybe it was the unexpected words, maybe it was his tone, but her bright eyes widened: she knew he meant it.
“You told me he didn’t do that to you,” he said pointedly. “You lied to me?” Almost imperceptibly she shook her head. It was a weak no, but it was a no nonetheless. But now she was crying, and Howard couldn’t help but read into that. His thoughts stoked the smoldering cinders into flames. “Then Damien? Be honest.”
“I d-didn’t lie.” Her voice was wholly different. Laden with emotion. Howard wouldn’t believe it was Melinda’s if he wasn’t watching her mouth move. “Once they had me in their r-room, Damien pushed me into the closet, closed the door. As dark as it was in the closet, blinding darkness, I was relieved because I was alone in there. I tried to scream for you, but I had no voice. A burning ache in my th-throat.” Melinda, whether she knew it or not, began rubbing that little soft spot of her lower throat. “Nothing came out but a whisper. Was like that for days. The younger one, Damien, gave me a warning. ‘Don’t say a word; don’t scream.’ His brother Lester had already taken care of that, though.” She got up from the couch and walked away.
Howard gnawed at his cheek, hardly registering her departure. She came back with a roll of paper-towels and tore off a few to blow her nose and blot her eyes. Howard said inwardly, “I wish I killed them and I wish I remembered doing it. I’d give anything.”
“But would you give everything?” She asked as she situated on the couch—a little farther away this time. “Because it costs a hell of a lot more than just anything.
“While I waited for the unknown to happen,” Melinda continued, “blind in the closet, they went and beat you an inch away from your life.”
“Wait,” Howard said. “Maybe that’s why I can’t remember. Maybe it’s physical, not mental.”
“Nope. Like I said, you gave the details to the police, Mom, Dad.” She gave Howard a trying look and said, “If you should remember one thing, it’s how wonderful Dad was in all of this. He was an emotional lifesaver for me. And you. Dad dove into this thing wholeheartedly, supported us to the ‘enth degree. To the point that his business suffered dearly for it. He tried everything: enrolled us in a private school (which we hated), took us to Disneyworld in Florida for a week, a trip to uncle Ed’s in Vancouver. None of it did shit to help, but it was the thought that counted. He sold the house, their dream house which he and Mom had designed, and moved us into the house that we decided we liked the most: the one on Belford Court, the single story three-bedroom place, half the size of our last house. It was an untainted brand new house, the polar-opposite of the last one in every way. That’s a sacrifice Mom wasn’t on board with. Mom loved our old house. Her soul was in that fucking thing; it was her American Dream materialized. Maybe she never considered that our souls were in that fucking thing too, only for us it was more of a sentencing than an American Dream. Souls stolen in her American Nightmare. Dad couldn’t move out of there fast enough. He was consumed with trying to undo the impossible.
“Mom changed, too. But she was more like you. She wanted Dad to stop talking about it already, and act like everything was peachy. But of course he didn’t. So then Mom would bring up how it was Dad’s idea to not hire a sitter that anniversary weekend, making it all his fault. She was right, it was his idea, but it’s hardly something you can pin blame on the guy for—we’d still be living in the Garden of Eden if we had foresight the way we have hindsight, ya know? We’re only as perfect as God wants us to be, after all. But her saying that to him didn’t go over too well, as you can imagine. They fought, and fought, and fought. It was the beginning of the end of their marriage.”
She sank back into couch a little deeper and muttered, “God… to think Dad died knowing how my life turned out, what a failure I am.”
“Was,” Howard corrected. “You’re not a failure. I wish Dad somehow knew how you’re doing, because he’d be so proud of you.”
“You don’t know how many times I thought about how disappointed Dad must’ve been in how I turned out. Even when I was high I couldn’t escape the thought for long. When Landon Realty expanded to Vegas, I had to see his commercials from time to time. Shit, when I was high and saw him on my TV?—I hated myself. It was almost like he was watching me from the tube, shaking his head and speaking straight to my heart: Hey, what did you do with my little Ladybird? I want my Melinda back. Sorry, Dad, Ladybird has changed.” She closed her eyes, her nose wrinkled up at the bridge. “ How could I do that to him? Dad was so successful, and look at me.”
Howard didn’t know what to say. Melinda shifted in her seat and continued, “It wasn’t long until you became enraged at the mention of that day. We all learned not to talk about it with you. That was when New Howard was born. You basically quit eating, got skinny as a twig. You quit playing baseball because several of the boys on the team were at our house that day, and naturally the topic would come up. You stopped hanging out with your friends because even though they respected your situation and didn’t utter a word, they still knew about it—heaven forbid. Sorry.
“You severed ties with everyone who knew about it except for family; you were stuck with us. But you sure let us know the topic was off-fucking-limits. And then, after enough time passed, you didn’t become upset over the inference of that day. Nope, New Howard was puzzled by the mention of that day and the incident. You not only didn’t know what we were talking about, you began inquiring: you were genuinely curious. Good for Howard! everybody secretly thought. But not so good for Melinda. You packed up and moved away from the hell-house while I continued living there, now alone. I lost the only person I could commiserate with. Not that we’d talk about what happened, but sometimes it’s just comforting to be with someone who shares your pain, who knows what it’s like to be thrust into hell and claw your way out alive.”
She blew her nose and threw the wadded paper-towel defiantly on the floor. She glimpsed another wadded paper-towel on the coffee-table, picked it up and threw it. Classic Melinda behavior, Howard thought.
“I feel like such a shit,” Howard said plaintively. “I should’ve been there for you. Well I’m here for you from now on. You have my word.”
“I know you are, Howard. I’m sorry for making you feel guilty. You did what anybody would’ve done—including me, if I knew how. What you did for me this morning, it touches me.” She tore another strip of paper-towels. They’d be soaked through soon enough. “I know that I didn’t show it. I was skeptical. I’d have bet my life that you wouldn’t have gotten all tough shit on me. And that’s what I need in my life more than anything. I haven’t been reprimanded or disciplined since I was nine. It must be a natural reaction for parents when their child or children go through what we went through. They don’t feel that their precious little darlings deserve to be punished ever again. That the agony they went through constitutes a lifetime of impunity, leaving us free to become little bastards at everyone else’s expense. When Mom and Dad found out I was doing drugs, they asked me to quit. Asked me to quit. Politely, I might add.”
She leaned over and squeezed his hand. “How you treated me when I got out of jail today: only a brother who truly loves his sister would have done that.” She let go of his hand and retreated back into the plumpness of the couch. “I have a whole new respect for you. I’m so proud of you, Howard. And more than anything, I love you.”
“Stop, you’re making me cry,” he said with an abashed grin.
“Making you cry? My eyes are going to be sore tomorrow.”

*  *  *

Howard returned from the restroom and said, “Okay, let’s get it over with.”
“If you insist. You’ve gone too far to turn back now.”
“That’s a fact.”
“You were unconscious on the kitchen floor in a puddle of yourself. Obviously I didn’t see any of this, I’m just telling you what I found out after the fact.” She regained her somber tone. “They were kicking you as you lay on the floor.” She gingerly added, “Including your face. A broken nose. Couple teeth kicked in—ever notice some of your teeth are fake?” She tapped her left front tooth, bottom left tooth. Howard shook his head and touched his brand new (to him) fake teeth. “Open gash on your head. The worst of it was probably your ribs. They kicked your chest and back, broke several ribs.”
“Broke several ribs?” Howard mused.
“Then they left you. Maybe they thought you were dead or on your way there. But to Lester and Damien, it was my turn.
“When Lester opened the closet door, I had a little something lined up for him. A wire coat hanger straightened out, nice and pointy. It was behind my back in my right hand. Lester reached in and grabbed me by the left wrist, I jabbed with all my might the hanger into his eye. It was a lucky shot: it impaled his lower lid and wedged between his eye and socket.”
“Good! Thank you!” Howard cheered, but didn’t let himself get too excited—the story wasn’t over.
“He let go of me and shouted words I never heard before. I ran like a kid with a plan. I would have escaped if it was only Lester. I made it to the front door, the double-locked front door, which we never locked the top lock, tried opening it and that’s when a realization came to me: their intentions weren’t to rob us or to… to just be mean to me, rough me up a little. Nope, they planned on killing us. The realization came like a whispered voice in my ear.
“I had no idea where you were. I tried screaming for you again as I worked the top lock on the door, but my vocal chords were damaged. Damien called me from behind, only I don’t think he knew my name was Melinda. He called me Millie. Millie. I turned around and there he was: the younger but equally disgusting Cobb brother.
“I tried, Howard, I tried my damnedest. I faked a run around him, stopped short as he reached for me and I kicked him as hard as I could in the balls. He grunted and doubled over, lunged at me anyway.
“Lester was now right behind him, and I was done pretending that I might get away. They took away my will to resist instantly, with sheer force. They didn’t hit me, they didn’t need to. Lester had an iron grip, he throttled me into submission. Staring eye to bleeding-eye with Less, I dropped to my knees. I couldn’t breathe.”
“I can’t listen to this,” Howard muttered. “Could you please just tell me how it ended? Hearing this is traumatizing, and it’s conjuring up thoughts I shouldn’t be thinking. Unhealthy, bad thoughts.”
“You wanted to know. I warned you.” She swapped out paper-towels.
“But I didn’t want to know this. I just wanted to know the gist of what happened. You telling me in graphic detail is breaking my heart.”
“I had to suffer through this, Howard.” She was offended. “And suffer I did. And you’re wanting me to tell you the Disney version? So then maybe it won’t be as big a deal to you? Are you fucking kidding me?”
“No, no. I’m sorry. I misspoke. I understand that it was really, really bad. I just don’t think it’s going to help my sanity hearing this. I’m sorry it came out sounding like it did.”
“Believe me when I say I’m not telling you every detail. I’m aware more than you know of how this affects you. But Howard, brother, there is a reason I’m telling you the explicit details. If I don’t, you’re going to hate yourself when I’m through.”
“How so?”
“You’ll see. Just let me finish.”
Her nose was red and raw. Howard went into the other room to get a box of Kleenex while Melinda went to her bedroom to get a blanket.
Now she sat with her legs folded under herself at the very end of the couch, blanket-wrapped into a white Hershey’s Kiss with a ribbon of sad girl poking out the top. Howard offered to turn the heat on: she said no.
“From the entryway,” she continued, “Lester led me by the wrist; Damien followed. I don’t know why I did it—I guess I didn’t know any better—but I tried to wriggle free, as if freeing myself would be my ticket out. He yanked my left arm, a nasty little sound came from my shoulder: I wasn’t going to try that again. Up until then I hadn’t yet cried, chalk it up to shock, but that first arm yank brought tears to my eyes. Before we made it to the bedroom, I asked them where you were. Lester stopped and looked curiously at me, asked me to repeat myself. I said nothing. With him glaring at me, I was afraid, too afraid of his reaction to say anything. I didn’t know that his curiosity was in my voice, or lack thereof. He wasn’t aware that he’d hurt the insides of my throat until I opened my stupid mouth.
“When I didn’t respond to him, he did it again, yanked my arm excruciatingly hard.” She mimicked it. The gesture reminded Howard of the old ‘pull the tablecloth out from under the dishes’ trick. “But this time it was too hard. Dizzying pain stabbed at my shoulder, now out of socket. My legs gave out and down I went, with my wrist still in his hand. He threatened to pull it again if I didn’t speak. So I asked where you were and it was exactly what he wanted to hear. If I couldn’t talk, I couldn’t scream. He pulled me up to my feet, but at least had the decency to lift me by my other arm.” She scoffed, “Decency. Poor choice of words.”
Melinda, who had been avoiding Howard’s eyes, checked how he was doing. He refused to look at her. She was grateful to see tears, but she needed more than just agony out of him, she needed him to be livid. A broken heart and a vengeful heart, both in their most extreme state. Then and only then would she divulge the details of what he did; when nothing short of Lester and Damien’s deaths would pacify him.
“They led me to the kitchen to show me what they’d done to you. The pain, the tears, they shut off like a faucet when I saw you. It was numbing to see you like that. It was hard to tell it was you. Your face looked like you were in a cherry pie eating contest. I thought you were dead. I asked if you were dead.
“Damien said, ‘Looks like he’s still breathing. Hey, I got an idea, Less: let’s have Millie kill him.’ Lester laughed and said it was an awesome idea. I said no way. ‘Then we’re going to kill you,’ Damien said. ‘It’s your choice. And if I were you, I’d do it because the dude’s on his way out anyways. It would be mercy. You’d be doing him a favor.’ I asked if they were going to kill me anyway. Damien grinned this malicious grin. Lester said no but his face said yes. They did intend to kill us both, Howard. They did.
“I didn’t think Lester and Damien Cobb were human beings anymore. Really. I didn’t know what they were, but humans don’t laugh at the idea of a little girl murdering her brother under the threat of execution. Monsters, aliens, I don’t know, but I was confident that they weren’t like us, and we were going to die regardless of what I did. So I refused. Lester smiled and gave me a wink. Then touched my shoulder, circled behind me and rubbed my neck and shoulders. One thing you will never see is me getting a massage. That was my first and last.
“As he worked his thumbs deep in my lower neck, he whispered in my ear, ‘How’s your left arm, sweetie?’”
“‘Hurts. Broke inside.’ ‘You know what else hurts, Millie?’ I nodded yes. ‘You do?’ He said it like the proud father of a kid who knew the answer to a tough question. ‘What else hurts, Millie?’ I didn’t say anything. ‘Not doing what I fucking say.’ He pushed me. I tripped over you and braced my fall with both arms. My left shoulder, already dislocated, made a horrible sound, like severing a taut rope. The pain blinded me, seized my breath. I heard laughter, the sound of drawers opening and closing, then I passed out.
“I awoke to nauseating pain and the sound of tearing. I thought the tearing was my arm because it felt like it was being torn off. The sound was a strip of duct tape being torn by Damien and the pain was my arm being raised above my head so Lester could pull my tee-shirt off.
“I screamed. The sound that came out of me… it wasn’t like anything I’ve ever heard. They didn’t care much for it, either. Damien tore a smaller strip of duct tape and stuck it over my mouth so they wouldn’t have to hear it again.
“Of all the things they could’ve done to me, taping my mouth shut was the worst. You know why, Howard?”
He thought about it, then nodded. “Chronic sinus-something.”
“Chronic Sinusitis. Childhood nasal congestion. You use to tease me because of it. I couldn’t pronounce my H’es.”
“‘Ouwie,” he muttered gravely.
“It was bad enough when I wasn’t crying. My sinuses were clogged shut. It was a death sentence. Lester paid no attention to me freaking out. I suppose he figured it was normal. He tried to unhitch the shirt caught at my neck and arms. I was in full panic mode.
“It was either adrenaline or a survival mechanism, but the pain in my left shoulder blinked away and the only thing on my mind was air. It didn’t help that I was panicking, draining my oxygen. While Lester was going up with the shirt, I was going down with my right arm, to reach my hand on the tape. My elbow caught inside the shirt and wedged, folded over like a fucking chicken wing. I didn’t have a chance in hell of freeing myself. My other arm was ruined and Lester was running out of patience with me. I was thrashing, using-up what little oxygen remained. People say that when you suffocate your vision fades to black, but it doesn’t. It’s like watching TV with an antennae; the clear picture starts getting fuzzy, reception gets progressively worse until it’s just snow.
“Lester didn’t mean to, but he did me a favor. I heard more ripping. It sounded a mile away. Vaguely I felt my arm being cut. It didn’t hurt in the slightest.” Melinda pulled the blanket away from her left arm and slid her shirt-sleeve up, revealed the pale underside. A thick white scar spanned from armpit to elbow.
“You got that from that night?” Howard said incredulously. “I’ve asked you about that scar before and you said it was from crashing your bike. You lied to me.”
“Yeah, well, the lies are over. Lester had taken a knife from the kitchen drawer. Why exactly he took it, I don’t know. Well, I can guess. But I doubt he had the insight to know he’d need it to cut my shirt off. But thank God he did, because I was out of air. He cut through the folds of shirt, not careful enough to avoid the skin beneath it, but hey, I’m not complaining.
“The millisecond after he cut through the last of it, my right hand was peeling off the tape. When the air streamed in my lungs, it was the best feeling on earth. The loud gasp for air got the boys’ attention. I begged them not to do that again, that I can’t breathe through my nose. Before they could respond I promised I’d be quiet if they left the tape off. And they did.
“It didn’t take long for the euphoria of having air in my lungs to go away. The pain in my now-bleeding left arm, still above my head, came back with a fury. Damien had removed my shoes and socks so the duct tape around my ankles would better adhere. He wrapped them together. I don’t think Damien had a clue what he was doing.
“Lester, sitting beside me on the bed, saw that Damien had taped my ankles and called him an idiot. ‘How are we going to take her pants off with her ankles taped together?’ Damien snickered and began taking it off, then noticed what Lester had been up to: my arm. ‘Damn, man, breaking it wasn’t enough, you had to cut it?’ He wasn’t as concerned as he was humored. Lester said he didn’t think he broke it, just separated it.
“It felt like it wasn’t me there. Melinda wasn’t the one on Mom and Dad’s bed; Millie, a toy doll with moving doll parts, had taken her place. I’ve never told anyone this… the doll… this thought was the basis for countless nightmares. Over the years I’ve had the dream less and less, but occasionally it’ll come up: a naked doll that mean boys gawk at in a toy store window, and want to take me home to play with. Every mother tells them the same thing: no more playing with dollies until you can learn to play nice! The brats whine and throw a tantrum and the bitch mom caves in and goes in the store and pulls me out of the display case. I can’t talk, but what I’m desperate to scream is Boys shouldn’t play with little naked girl dolls!”
“Melinda, please,” Howard begged. “Please don’t say stuff like that. I, I can’t take it anymore.”
“That’s the plan,” she said inwardly. “Howard, if you could go back in time and walk into Mom and Dad’s bedroom right then, what would you do? God’s honest truth. No saying what you’d like to do, what would you really do?”
“Seriously? You have to ask? What do you think?”
They stared silently at each other. Melinda wasn’t in the mood for assumptions and waited for an answer. “I’d stop them any way I could!” She continued her inquiring stare, unsatisfied. He lowered his voice, in earnest said, “I’d kill them. I’d kill them and not think twice about it.”
Not think twice about it, Melinda thought. Ain’t that the truth, brother.
“The older Cobb snapped at the younger to take the tape off my ankles and take my pants off. Lester gazed slowly over the whole of my bare torso, his hand trailing his gaze. Gliding over my stomach, my boy-like chest, my wet cheeks. Then said something completely unsuspected, confusing. He told me I was the prettiest thing he’d ever seen. That didn’t make sense to me at all. If he thought I was pretty, why was he hurting me? Things that I found pretty I wanted to protect, keep them from harm.
“Damien argued his brother’s comment about me being pretty: ‘You’re a fool. She doesn’t even have tits yet. Debra Eaverson, now that chick is a knockout.’
“Lester ignored him. Those protuberant black eyes were full of secrets, and hungry for more. With two fingers he ran the length of the knife wound, still seeping. The blood put him in some kind of trance.”
“I couldn’t stop staring at him. Even as Damien unzipped my pants and worked them past the catch of my hips, I wouldn’t take my eyes off of Lester. He licked a wet fingertip and smacked his tongue and lips, evaluating the taste. I wonder what it tasted like to him, because innocence doesn’t have a flavor. He couldn’t taste a child so sheltered from reality that she had considered that the worst might be behind her, and with a little luck, might go on to live a normal life. A girl whose biggest fault was her naïveté. A virgin to the cruelties that exist in mankind, for the cruelties that exist in mankind.
“He energized from the blood, some of which was on his lips, and finally took a break from ogling the Millie-doll to acknowledge the living girl in his custody by virtue of looking me in the eyes. If it was possible to appeal to his good nature, I tried with my pleading stare. Lester continued gazing in my eyes as he swooped in to kiss me. Since I’d never been kissed, I didn’t understand what he was doing with his tongue. I’d never been more scared of a man than I was at that moment. Weren’t tongues only for tasting and enjoying food? Not understanding left the door open to infinite possibilities, all dark, and it scared me to no end. As much—”
“Stop,” Howard said.
“As much as I hated the two boys, I couldn’t escape the embarrassment of what I did next.” In a voice so small Howard wasn’t sure what she said: “Wearing nothing but a pair of panties, I emptied my bladder.”
“Stop. Please,” Howard repeated more desperately this time.
Melinda’s eyes and cheeks were red and swollen. She’d been crying, much like Howard had been, but there was something about confessing that she emptied her bladder that triggered a new wave of emotion. “Embarrassed, but equally t-terrified, terrified that me peeing would anger them. Lester still had his mouth on mine when Damien started cr-cracking up. Called me a… stupid baby. Something had ch-changed in Lester, and now he wasn’t much for his Millie-doll being laughed at, brothers or not. He told Damien to shut up.
The paper-towels were abandoned, her nose was now running unchecked, and Howard was furious. Incensed. And seeing red.
“Just inches from my head was the kn-nife that Lester had used to cut my shirt, and I wondered if it was about to be put to use again. I should have been reaching for it to stick in them. Lester wedged a fingertip just under my waistband and ran it side to side.”
“Fucking stop it!” Howard cried.
“Then ran his finger up my to my neck and looked up at me. My expression surprised him. I don’t know what he expected to find, but I sure as hell wasn’t smiling. He saw the face of a little girl so full of terror; a child learning things unimaginable.”
“Would you shut up already!”
“The entirety of my innocence teetered on the edge, just waiting to be pushed off the cliff. It came down to me begging please. And beg I did. Lester pushed me off the cliff.”
Howard sprung off the couch. “You fucking lied to me!” He needed to be anywhere but in that room. He headed for the stairs.
Melinda said wait but it didn’t come out loud enough for him to hear. She tried again. “Wait!”
Howard stopped, looked over his shoulder, shook his head and continued on.
“Howard, that’s when you came in!”
“Bullshit! You’re a fucking liar!”
“No, Howard. Don’t you remember? Please remember. Think!”
Howard stood in the den’s archway and shouted, “You’re going to tell me this right now! Did I kill them and did I kill them before it was too late? Don’t you fucking lie to me, either!”
“You did. I’m not lying to you.” She pulled the blanket up to her eyes. Her already soft voice became muffled. “With a bat. Sounded like… an egg cracking.”
“Good. Good! I hope they suffered first!”
“Howard, you mostly just killed one. I’m responsible for Lester dying.”
Howard returned to the couch and knelt beside Melinda, cupped the back of her head. “I hope you don’t feel bad for doing it. Because you telling me that I killed one of them is the best news I’ve ever heard.”
“I’m glad it is.” She lowered the blanket. Her face was a battlefield of emotion. “I was hoping you’d feel that way. Killing someone haunts you forever, so I needed to put it in context before you knew. Before you remembered.”
“I still don’t remember. How did you kill Lester? Sorry to probe, but I need to know. I need to know every gruesome detail of how that maggot piece of shit died.”
“After you hit Damien over the head, Lester jumped on you. You two were grappling each other, so I picked up the knife on the bed and stuck it in his side. Twice.”
“And that was that? Damien died from the bat to the head and Lester died from two stab wounds?”
She nodded, retreated back under the blanket where Howard listened to her sobbing.
Howard hugged her through the blanket. “Thank you for telling me, for being honest with me. I’m sorry for getting angry.”
As she sobbed under the blanket, Howard did some thinking. “Any idea why they did what they did? Why us? Granted the Cobb brothers were insane, but was it random that they chose us?”
“I guess. Margo later told me they had a reputation for being weird. Said they got that way after some family tragedy. But I think we were just unlucky. In the wrong place at the wrong time. And Howard, you did make it to me on time. It’s a weird thing to tell my brother, but so you know, I lost my virginity at twenty. Not nine.”
Twenty? Gees, Howard thought, who’d have guessed that someone on drugs would hold out until they were twenty? Talk about selective morals!

*  *  *

After drinking two dusty bottles of wine from Cindy’s wine cellar, it was inevitable that the subject would resurface. It was the only thing on their minds. Howard was perplexed at Melinda’s anguish over the assholes’ much-deserved deaths. She said it was more than that. It wasn’t their deaths that she pained over. “The Cobb brothers died; we survived. But if we weren’t dead, what were we?—because we certainly weren’t living. Wouldn’t you agree? Were our lives not taken seventeen years ago? Howard and Melinda’s lives? You and I aren’t those two people anymore. We don’t belong inside them. I don’t know who you really are any more than I know who I am. I have to say, Howard, four kids died that day. It was the dawn of New Melinda; the beginning of New Howard.”
“That name, Cobb,” Howard mused, “there’s something about it. I can’t put my finger on it.”



