DARK
A Creepy Collection


by

Michael D. Britton

* * * *

Copyright 2012 by Michael D. Britton / Intelligent Life Books

Discover other titles by this author on Smashwords.com

Smashwords Edition, License Notes

This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. If you’re reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to Smashwords.com and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.




Turn the Page


Virginia Ward pulled open the heavy wooden door of the Bedminster Library, struggling against the gusting wind, a pile of books under one arm.  The brass handle was so cold on her bare white hand it felt like a burn.
Her eye caught the deep, smooth carvings in the door that were caked with grime from years of diesel exhaust spewed by buses that rumbled by on busy East Street.  She took a little personal offense on behalf of the stately old building that predated the polluting internal combustion engines.
As the outside door whooshed shut, the soft bristles lining the edge sealing off the wind and the traffic noise, Virginia inhaled deeply her favorite aroma – old books – a cue that she’d soon be transported away from the loneliness, monotony and emptiness of post-school life in twenty-first century Bristol.
She caught her reflection in the glass door that led to the main lobby, and stood in the little airlock for a moment, gently shuffling her brown leather heeled boots on the worn mat that reminded her of dog hair.  She briskly ran her free hand through her own hair, several long auburn strands having been ripped from her loose bun by the gale outside.
One more deep breath, and into the main lobby with its mouse sounds – shuffling of papers, soft breathing, a few gentle taps on a computer keyboard behind the massive mahogany reference desk. 
Heaven.
She’d been out of school for six months now, and she didn’t miss the snotty empty-headed girls, shabby blue and gray uniforms, or clueless teachers who spent more time fecklessly attempting to discipline the riotous teens than actually instructing.  But she did miss the slow trickle of information into her brain, and the opportunity to devour literature in English class.  Since June, she’d spent an enormous amount of time at the Bemmie library (as the locals called it) – especially since her parents were killed on the M5, leaving her alone and in a state of shock for weeks after.
Virginia timidly placed her stack of novels on the returns desk and unbuttoned her navy wool coat as she strolled up the stairs to her favorite section: historical romance.
She intentionally walked slowly, casually – to draw out the experience.  She could feel her heart beating faster in anticipation – there was an obscure book she knew she had to have – she’d seen a brief review of it online, but had been waiting to read it until after finishing another series.  
She meandered past the aisles, gazing down each at the rows of odd-sized spines, though she knew exactly where her book was.
At the far end, left side, bottom shelf, middle of the shelf.
Westerbury, Carrie.
No Time for This.
The tale of a Victorian schoolteacher, and her conflict, pain, mistaken identity, true love, heartbreak, salvation – written in 1982 and set in 1901 Bristol – in the very streets Virginia walked to get to this library, but without the buses and cars and endless retail storefronts.
She could feel the stories that lived as ghosts on the filthy narrow streets of Bristol – the centuries of history, the thousands of lives, with their struggles, joys, and meaning.
This book would suck her back to a simpler era, but would provide a complex world of the heart, allow her to focus on the things that really matter in any era – even if the stories of these characters were not as real as those that haunted her aged city – they were still written by a real person, pulled from some real person’s heart, drawn from a reality that Virginia wanted to drink in and savor the taste of.
She slid the book out of its place in the shadows on the thick, dark wooden shelf, hefted it to a little round table in the corner under one of the narrow windows set deep in the gray stonework, sat in the dark brown round-backed leather chair, and turned back the thick black hardcover with its gold embossed lettering.
The library sleeve inside indicated it had not been checked out in over seven years.  Another turn of the page and she pushed the spine flat, the pages of the book jumping open like a lazy fan and breathing their unique musty book odor directly into her nostrils.  Lodged between pages 102 and 103 was a makeshift bookmark made from a handwritten shopping list: 

eggs
milk
romaine lettuce (2)
tomatoes
vanilla crème biscuits
cat food (5)

Virginia’s brain swam in déjà vu for a few moments, then she picked up the note, the paper thin like tracing paper, and squinted at the handwriting.
It was not her own.
But these were the same items from yesterday’s shopping list.  Her items.  In the same order.
Seven years ago, when this book was last checked out, someone bought the same set of items as her.
Exactly.
Virginia was intrigued, but decided to dismiss the incident as coincidence, eager to begin reading this novel.
She read the first chapter and decided this one required hot chocolate and a roaring fire.  She picked it up and headed for the gray marble stairs to check it out.  
She passed a twenty-something man with bright eyes under a brooding frown with trim brown beard, wearing a flat cap and trench coat, who was trying unsuccessfully to hide the fact that he was checking her out.  She’d seen him before somewhere – perhaps here – but couldn’t quite place him.
Looking away quickly, she took her book and headed home through the increasing wind under a darkening gray sky.  The first rain – big dirty splashing drops – started to hit the pavement as she turned her key in the front door of number five Clift House Road.
Squeezed into a row of seven narrow terraced Victorian homes on what had become a major thoroughfare over the last century, the rough-hewn façade of her home was blackened from exhaust and the tiny balconies on the second and third story were rotting away, unused for decades.
She stepped inside and slammed the burgundy painted metal door, the brass knocker bouncing on the other side, and slid the bolt behind her with a shunk sound, opened the frosted glass inner door and walked the long narrow corridor to the tiny kitchen in the back, turning lights on as she went.  She immediately set to putting the kettle on, before even taking her coat off.
The air inside was chill, so she built a fire in the small tiled fireplace in the front room, and lit it with scraps of newspaper, the flames growing in intensity over a few minutes, soon crackling and throwing up glowing embers into the blackness of the flue.  Wisps of wood smoke smell cut the cold air.
On her way back to the kitchen she was met by a friend.
“Hello, Claude,” she said perkily as her thin Siamese padded down the steep staircase and lithely rubbed an arched back against her legs.
The cat followed her into the kitchen, weaving between her legs and nearly tripping her up.  Virginia popped open a can of Fancy Feast, the aroma of liver and fish escaping like a disembodied soul, and scraped the contents into the Claude’s little baby blue ceramic dish beside the old gas stove.  The sound of the fork in the little can had the cat raising up onto his hind legs in anticipation.  “There you go, sweetheart.”
Claude wasted no time digging into the mushy paste, a breathy purring sound bouncing out of the dish as he devoured his dinner.
The kettle started to whistle, the sound growing like an air-raid siren in intensity, a stream of steam shooting out of the spout like a train going full-bore.  Claude paused for a moment to watch as Virginia lifted the pot from the burner, the sound dying back down in a Doppler-like deflated effect, and Claude quickly returned to licking the bottom of his bowl.
Virginia poured the boiling water into the hot chocolate powder in her big blue mug, grabbed No Time for This, and returned to the glowing fire in the front room, heat radiating from the fireplace in a circle of flickering light.  The sky was now black and rain was clicking against the window like someone throwing wedding rice in waves.
Claude wasn’t far behind – he jumped up on the deep blue, pillow-laden sofa and quickly settled in with his back to the flickering fire.
Virginia curled up on the couch next to Claude, wrapped in a rainbow-colored crocheted shawl her dad’s cousin has made for her years ago, placed her steaming mug on the little square end table, and ran her finger along the book’s spine.
Time to dig in and be transported away.
She turned to page one, saw the word Prologue and resisted the temptation to begin reading, thinking maybe she’d see what was on page 102, where the mysterious Doppelganger shopping list had been sitting for seven years.  Delaying the reading just a few more moments was a game she played with herself – to heighten her excitement and make the payoff more powerful.
As she flipped the pages to page 102 - three terse raps on the front door knocker made her inhale sharply.
She rolled her eyes, irritated at the intrusion. 
Since mum and dad had died in May, Virginia had become pretty reclusive.  School had just ended.  She’s just turned seventeen, had no job, no plans, a small inheritance, and all the time in the world to figure out how to make life make sense. 
The little Spar grocery at the end of Duckmoor Road, the NatWest Bank, the Bemmie Library, and that empty three story house – the one that used to be a home – that was the extent of Virginia’s world these days.  
That, and, of course, the rich world of her books.
Now someone was trying to invade her world, and interrupt her from entering the story world – both intolerable offenses.
She shuffled past the closed curtains to the hallway, through the inner draft door to the front door, lifted up on her tiptoes to peer out the spy hole.
A stranger.  No, she’d seen him before.
The brooding man with bright eyes - from the library.
Why had he followed her?  Trying to return something she’d left behind?  No – in this city, the self-interested seemed to outnumber the good Samaritans.
She backed away from the peep hole, heart pounding, closed the inner door, and returned to her place on the couch, willing herself to remain calm.
Three more urgent knocks.
She sipped slowly at her cocoa – now cooled to the perfect temperature, but the taste was unsatisfying.  She stroked Claude’s back, rubbed her knuckles softly between his twitching ears – more for her own comfort than his.
A last set of knocks.
She knew it was the last set – nobody ever tried more than three times – it was one of those unwritten rules of life.
She got up and moved to the curtains, touching her nose against the rough fabric as she peeked through a tiny crack in them, and saw the man wandering off down the road in the storm.  Satisfied the stranger had given up and was not prowling around, she picked up the book once more.
Deep breath.
Page 102.
kept catching the corner of her eye and making her think a dark set of eyes gazed upon her menacingly – but every time she looked directly toward the fireplace, it was clearly just a trick of light, an inanimate set of random objects conflated in the shadows to form an imaginary friend.
“Virginia,” he said, whispering like the rain against her window, “it is imperative that we speak.”
Virginia snapped the book closed, her chest gently heaving as she controlled her breathing.
She opened the book again and started flipping through the pages from the beginning.  A cursory review indicated that the Virginia character was not introduced until that chapter.
More curious than concerned, Virginia returned once more to page one and dove into the prologue.
She was hooked immediately, feeling the feelings, seeing, smelling, touching the setting – and hungry to know how it would all turn out for the heroine.
Pages turned, and turned, the room silent except for the regular rustling sound of paper on paper.  Claude slept soundly, his tail occasionally curling up at the tip.  The fire died down.  The rain stopped.  The last half inch of cocoa grew cold and a thin skin formed on its surface.
Virginia’s eyes grew heavy and started to sting.  She pushed through, repositioning her feet under herself.
The sky outside faded up from black slowly, the long orange streetlights outside blinking off just as Virginia turned the last page.
She closed the cover, still warm in her hands, and laid her stiff neck back on the couch, closed her eyes, and sleepily pondered the tale.
No.
It just wouldn’t do.

#

Virginia walked up North Street past the puddles that had formed in the uneven paving stones.  A kid on a BMX bike whizzed by on her right, splashing through a puddle and wetting her boots.
She didn’t care.  She was thinking about No Time for This.
Aside from the strangely coincidental duplicate shopping list, and the fact that her name appeared in the pages it was marking, the book was unexceptional.  Competent writing, decent structure, nice use of setting, and a sympathetic main character, but despite the engrossing plot, Virginia didn’t feel moved.
And when it came down to it, that’s why she ploughed through books – to have her heart grasped by the author’s invisible hand, to have the writer’s ink be injected into her bloodstream, to be made to feel more than she was capable of in the day-to-day life of an orphan with no life plan and no love in her life.
A book that didn’t really tug at her soul was a book that needed to be replaced as soon as possible.  It made her feel like some kind of junkie – always seeking that bigger, better fix – but she really didn’t care.  She saw no harm in her choice, so she trudged on determinedly toward Bemmie library amid the street noise.  
She passed the butcher, the smell of death wafting out onto the street, then the bakery with its fresh doughy bread aroma, and then the green grocer with his garden of bright veggies in wooden crates smelling fresh as morning dew.  Further up the road she passed the public swimming baths, the chlorine escaping with echoing kids’ screams each time the heavy doors were opened.
Then, a ninety degree turn onto East Street, and, at last, into the sacred double doors of her home away from home.
She gently placed No Time for This on the return desk, then made a bee line for her section upstairs.
This time she had an Ellie Tarkenton book in mind, one of the few she hadn’t yet read – Run to the Devil.  She figured she could spend the morning here reading it, then grab a couple other books to take home after lunch.
 They only had it in paperback, which was a little disappointing – she loved the sheer weight of hardbacks.  She brought it to a quiet, windowless, armchair-lined reading room where she could be alone – easy to do at nine on a Wednesday morning.  Out of habit, she flipped it open to the library sleeve to see when it had last been checked out – nearly nine years for this one.
A slip of light blue paper slid out partway from the bottom of the book.  She turned to the page it was marking.
Page 217.
The slip of paper had her name at the top in cursive, but the other written words were all washed out as if the paper had gotten wet and smudged all the ink to an unintelligible blur.  The only other decipherable words were the closing words – I love you, Wendell.
Her hand started faintly shaking and she let the paper drop to her lap.  Her eyes focused on page 217.
“Your life is in danger,” he said, gently taking the auburn-haired young woman by the elbow and tugging her in his direction.  “You must trust me.”
“But I don’t even know your name,” she said, trying to keep up with his brisk pace through the foggy alley.
“Claude,” he said.  “Just call me Claude.  Now, we must take refuge before what happened to your parents happens to you.”
Chilled to the bone, Virginia closed the book.
Her stomach felt a little sick.  She suddenly did not feel like reading.  She just wanted to be home with Claude, behind her bolted door, away from the world.
She fled down the hard library steps, her heels clicking, her hand sliding down the cool steel handrail.  She burst out the heavy front doors into the noise and dirt of East Street, and returned home down North Street at a speed-walking pace.
She slammed her front door behind her and bolted it, then leaned her back against it and breathed heavily, her knees feeling like jelly, and little pinpricks of sweat forming around her hairline.
She let out a little high-pitched yelp and nearly hit the ceiling when the knocker rapped three times against her back.  Struggling to compose herself, she got on tiptoe and peeked through the little lens.
That man again – the one from the library.  The one who’d followed her home last night.
Was he stalking her?
He knocked again.  He knew she was there – she’d just screamed.  She could just wait for him to go away again, but then where would this end?  She rushed back to the kitchen and grabbed a long steak knife, then slid the security chain into place on the door and slowly opened it until the chain was taut.
She held the knife behind her back as she brushed her hair out of her green eyes and came face to face with the menacing man.
“Wh-what do you want?” she said, stammering despite her steely resolve to show no fear.
“My name is Kyle Walker.  It’s very important that I speak with you.  I’m an investigator.”
“Badge?”
“I don’t – I don’t have one.  I’m a – a special kind of investigator.  I look into paranormal activity.  There’s been a rash of strange occurrences lately at the library.  I just want to talk to you about your experiences, ask you a few questions – try to understand what we’re dealing with here.  Please, just let me in to talk with you for a few minutes.  You won’t regret it.”
Virginia took a deep breath, her eyes not leaving his gray-blue eyes for a second.
“Fine.  You have ten minutes.  But I have some questions of my own, and I expect them answered in return for my information.”
“Oh, absolutely,” smiled Kyle, revealing his yellowing but straight teeth.  “I’m free to share whatever I know with you – I don’t work for Her Majesty, so you know, no government regs or whatnot – I can be completely open with you.”
Virginia closed the door to unfasten the chain, then reopened it to usher Kyle in.
“Front room, please,” said Virginia, standing aside with the knife behind her back, and her back against the outdated pink flowery wallpaper to let Kyle pass into the warm living room.  “Have a seat.”
Kyle lowered his rear into a soft brown armchair with his back to the window, so his face fell into shadow.
“Your name, miss?” said Kyle.
“I’m Virginia Ward, she said, remaining standing, her right fist on her hip, the other dangling behind her back, wielding the knife.  She felt like a deranged killer.  “Why have you been following me?”
“It’s complicated.  But it boils down to two words: Wendell Young.”
“Did you say Wendell?” asked Virginia, her curiosity aroused.
“Why, yes.  Young was a notorious serial killer – he murdered eight young female library patrons between 1893 and 1901.  A sad chapter in our city’s very checkered past.”
Virginia’s arms folded loosely across her chest.  The now unhidden knife glinted a flash of reflected daylight at Kyle.  “So what of him?  What does he have to do with me?”
“Whoa, there, luv – mind putting away the weapon?  I promise I’m not here to hurt you – if I was determined, your little steak knife wouldn’t help you much anyway.”
She looked at the jagged edge of the blade, then over at Kyle.  A sheepish smile lifted the corner of her red lips.  “Sure – sorry.  I just thought maybe you were some kind of sicko.”
“It’s Wendell Young that was the sicko.  He was obsessed with reading.  He himself could not read, but women who could read drove him batty.  So he slit their throats with his own kitchen knife.”
“Again,” said Virginia, stepping back and sitting in the armchair facing Kyle, “what does any of that have to do with me?”
“He’s trying to get you – he’s been making contact and trying to draw you into his little games.”
“Uh, didn’t you say he was offing girls in the 1890s?  I assume this guy is long dead by now.”
“Dead and well, wandering the library to this day,” said Kyle.  “And apparently he’s finally learned to read, because he’s using some rudimentary ectoplasmic tricks to write notes to you.  To get your attention.  Can you show me his notes – or at least tell me what he said?”
Virginia sat stunned.
Ghosts?  At the library?  A dead serial killer trying to get her attention?  This was as crazy as some of those paranormal romances she’d tried to read last spring but quickly put away.
“You’re serious?”
“Dead.”
“Well, all right.  The first note was just a duplicate of my shopping list from the day before.  On the page where it was left, a character with my name was introduced.”
“Mm-hm, mm-hm,” Kyle nodded sagely.  “Classic approach – he’s reaching into your mind and grabbing anything he can get a hold of – in this case, your recent shopping list – and using it to make a connection.  The specific placement in the book was a nice added touch.  He’s getting smarter all the time.”
“Um, can I get you some cocoa or something?” asked Virginia, feeling oddly more comfortable with this guy the more he spoke of ghostly behavior as if it he were discussing last night’s football game.
“You have any tea?” he asked, following her down the narrow white-wallpapered hallway to the kitchen.  
“Tea?  Uh, no.  Hate the stuff.”
“What kind of Brit are you?”
“The half-American kind.  Dad was from the States.  I never got the tea gene, I suppose.  Don’t worry, my cocoa is delicious.”
“Right then.  So, what about the second note?”
Virginia put the kettle on, dispensed some cocoa powder into two mugs with a shiny teaspoon, then returned with Kyle to the living room and started to build a fire.
“Well,” said Virginia, “the second note was all washed out, but it opened with my name, and closed with ‘I love you, Wendell.’  It really creeped me out.”
They returned to the living room.  Virginia rubbed her upper arms with her hands, hugging herself against the cool air.  She started to shovel out her ashes into a little copper pail, sift through her wood for the right pieces, and arrange her kindling.  
“What about the page the note was on?”  Kyle knelt near the fireplace and started tearing yellowed newspapers to help ignite the fire.
“It talked about danger, and the fact that the girl’s parents had died.  It hit really close to home, because my parents di-” She choked on the word.  “My parents died a few months ago.”
“I’m sorry,” said Kyle, standing again and moving to the armchair by the window.  “That’s just Wendell trying to get under your skin.  He’ll try to control your actions by playing with your mind.”
“So, what am I supposed to do?” asked Virginia as the kettle’s whistle started to rise in the kitchen.
“Check out another book, of course.”
“Because?”
“That’s the only way we’re going to be able to stop this unholy madman.”

#

Virginia walked home that night with the latest book, a thick hardback, clutched to her chest.  It was already dark, and the wind was whipping up dry leaves and stray bits of trash as she rounded the corner toward her house.
When she arrived, Kyle was waiting for her, sitting on the low brick wall that divided her house from the pavement, his elbow leaning on the little metal gate latch by the stone steps.
“What did you pick?” he asked with a warm smile.
“It’s actually something I’d never have picked normally, but I wanted to kind of experiment with this, so I chose an epic fantasy.  It’s some cheesy dragons-and-wizards story called Gem of Power by some guy I’ve never heard of.  I have no idea how they can write six hundred pages about this crap.  And it’s the first of a trilogy!”
“I happen to enjoy a good fantasy,” said Kyle.  “So, have you opened it yet?”
“No, of course not!  I wanted you to be there.”
They went inside, flicked on the lights, and sat in the front room.  Claude trotted in then froze when he spotted the stranger, looked up at Virginia.  He’d fled upstairs the first time Kyle had come over.
“It’s okay, Claude,” she said, taking off her coat and throwing it over her chair back.  He’s a friend.  His name is Kyle.  Kyle, meet Claude.”
Kyle nodded and threw up a quick, obviously fake smile at the cat.
“Not a cat person?” asked Virginia, not missing a beat.
“Um, not really any kind of animal person.  So.  The book?”
“Oh, yeah, of course.”  She placed it on the coffee table between them, and lifted the cover, then started casually turning the pages.
On page 333 there was a piece of lined binder paper folded into quarters.  She caught her breath and reached for it.  She unfolded it and began to read aloud:
Thank you for returning.  This is becoming easier for me with each attempt.  There is something you must know, my love.  The man with whom you sit -”
The lights suddenly went out.
“Kyle?”
“I’m here.”
But his voice was no longer across from her.
The windows suddenly blew in, shattering shards of glass everywhere.  A monstrous wind whipped around the room in a spiral of noise and debris.  As Virginia’s eyes began to adjust to the dark, she saw books flying off her tall bookshelves that lined the west wall, opposite the fireplace.  She raised her arms to protect herself, started to move to take cover.
Out of nowhere, something huge (the Encyclopedia?) smacked into the side of Virginia’s head with a crunch.
She saw stars, felt the throbbing, swelling, jarring pain for a moment, then the near-blackness became totally dark as she collapsed in her chair.

#

The air in the library was so cold she could see her breath hanging in the air as she wandered the empty shelves, seeming to float above the white mist that covered the floor like dry ice in a bad 1970s musical.
She tried to call out, but she didn’t know who to call.  Her vague plea for help fell about a foot in front of her, the voice that escaped her mouth a hollow, weak whisper with no momentum.
As she ascended the stairs, a man appeared at the top.  He slowly descended to meet her half way.  He wore a trim suit that looked like something out of the old historical photos of Victorian age business men.  His hair was slick and black, combed straight back, but high in front.  His pale cheeks were hollow, his jawline a razor.  He wore a thin moustache, and his eyes were a piercing, haunting light grey-blue.
He reached out his hand and took hers.  His skin was like ice, but his eyes were a flame.  His expression was intense.
“My Virginia, there is not much time.  Listen carefully.”
“Who – who are you?” she whispered, her belly quivering, her heart in her throat, her breath shallow.
“It is I, Wendell Young.  I have longed to tell you directly, how I love you so.  But there is no time for this.  You are in grave danger, my dear.  It is imperative that we speak of only that which will save your life.”
“What are you talking about?  You’re the threat!”
“No, no, my love.  He has twisted the truth.  The one who calls himself Kyle – you must stay away from him – or you will pay the price.  You must trust me.”
Virginia stared at this apparition, barely believing her eyes, and not knowing if she should believe the words hitting her ears.  “But you’re a killer.”
“Do not believe everything you read about me in the history books.  Now, you must return.  The time is nigh.  Be safe.”
Virginia suddenly felt herself falling, falling through the white formless void of mist, her stomach lurching, the moisture around her condensing on her pale skin.
Falling . . . 

#

She awoke in the arms of Kyle Walker, who had a cool compress pressed to the side of her throbbing head.
“Kyle,” she said weakly.  “I had the weirdest dream.  I saw him – Wendell Young.  He said –” she stopped abruptly as she looked into Kyle’s eyes. 
She recalled her vision.
The man in the library.  Wendell Young.  The eyes.
Kyle’s eyes.
She caught her breath, tried to stifle the fear on her face.
But Kyle read it, and his face changed.
“So, you see now.  My name is Wendell Young the fourth.  My great grandfather was the notorious Bedminster Reader Rapist.  Eight dead girls.  But he never finished his work.  There were more – there were girls he missed.  I’m here to complete his legacy.”
Virginia reached out for her bookshelf and grabbed a thick, rich, hardback thesaurus and crashed it into Wendell’s face.
He fell backward dizzily, blood streaming from his nose.  She walloped him once more, again in the face.  He fell back and knocked the back of his head on the table and slumped to the floor.
“What’s another word for ‘don’t even think about it, creep’?”
She dropped the thesaurus and breathed heavily, then collapsed in the chair.  Then she spotted a slip of paper poking out of the thesaurus.  She tugged at it, and tried to get her wet eyes to focus on the words.
Well done, my dear.  By now it is clear to you that my great grandson is insane.  He fabricated stories about me so he could prey on women such as yourself.  My dear, it is tragic that I cannot give you my love but through these books.  But perhaps you could use books to show me your love – by vindicating me, setting the historical record straight – clearing my name.  Pity young Wendell there has tarnished it beyond what you and I can repair, but at least it should be known that I, Wendell Young Senior, am an innocent man.  Take care my love, and watch for me in your reading.  I will always be around.
Virginia looked over at the unconscious man flopped in a heap on her short-pile brown shag carpet in her front room.
She pulled out her mobile and dialed 999, explained the situation briefly to the operator, and hung up.
She grabbed some twine and bound Wendell IV’s hands and feet.
Then she opened the fat cover of Gem of Power, and dug in.


* * * * *


Checkmate


After two months, Tyson Lynche was getting antsy.  
He knew it was only a matter of time before the anti-ectoplasm shield around the mansion failed again.  Tired of living like a refugee, he wanted to fight back. 
It had taken weeks of dangerous scavenging forays through the deserted streets of New Orleans, dodging roaming gangs of ghosts.  He’d had several failed attempts that ended with small explosions and singed eyebrows.  But he was now convinced he’d figured out a way to resist the wicked spirits that had taken over the world and murdered six billion people.  
“The next time a band of spooks comes through this neighborhood, I’ll be ready to give them battle,” Lynche told his ex-wife Karla as they sat in the huge dining room eating canned soup by the light of a hissing propane lantern.  The circle of light illuminated the once-beautiful walls and ornate crystal chandelier of the Royal Street mansion that was now an abandoned restaurant.
“Battle?” Karla asked incredulously.  “Ty, they’re dead.  How can you kill a ghost?”
“By wiping them out of existence – dishing out a second death.”
Karla Josephs had come knocking at Lynche’s door the night it had all happened – the night the world had come under the power of a dark Voodoo hex that raised all one hundred billion spirits of the earth’s dead.  The night almost everyone was killed – the few survivors herding themselves into makeshift houses of worship across the country, dormitories repellant to the evil that had washed over the planet.
Knowing her ex was deeply involved in the study and combat of the occult, Karla had been right to guess his place would be a safe haven.  
She’d shown up minutes after the onslaught of ghosts had swept through town, her eyes heavily darkened with eyeliner and running mascara.  Her black trench coat filthy around the hem, and one of the heels on her leather boots broken off.  Her black hair standing up in all directions – normal for Karla.
She and Lynche holed up in his little sanctuary all that night, with his forensics lab, his occult artifacts (for study purposes), his morbid goth décor (for personal taste) and his eighty-inch plasma TV (for sci-fi movies).  By morning, most of the world had perished at the hands of the ghosts.
Now, two months later, it was almost as if they were married again.
“How?” Karla asked, spooning the last of the baked beans out of her bowl.  “How will you destroy them?”
“Karla, I’ve spent all my adult years obsessed with death and the supernatural.  It started as my hobby, and it became my job.  Now, it’s my life.”  
“It was your life long before now,” she cut in, scowling.  “Why do you think I left?”
“Must we rehash that?” Lynche shot back.  “Besides – I bet you’re glad for it now.”  He pushed his dish away.  “If I hadn’t been hunting down Victor Delphine – the Voodoo priest – the night he caused all this with his cemetery hex, we’d probably both be dead.  Anyway, I’ve developed a weapon.  An anti-ectoplasm weapon.  I call it the ectoblaster.”
“Cute name.  You gonna market that?” 
Lynche ignored her.  “If I’m right, it will destroy the ghosts by disintegrating the spiritual matter that composes them.”
“So then they’ll just be . . . gone?”
“Let’s hope so.”
Something caught Lynche’s eye in the corner of the dining room window over Karla’s shoulder.  He squinted past her.
“What is it?” she asked, catching her breath and turning to look.
“I dunno – I thought I saw something.  I thought it was – someone.”
Lynche stood, picking up his gun from the dining table without a thought – it was never more than an arm’s reach away these days.  He peered out the window.
Nothing.
“Hmm.”
“What did he look like?” asked Karla, her hand shaking slightly.
“I’m not sure – it was so quick.  Pale, ghostly face.  He had weird hair – kind of –”
“ - Poofy in the front, and sticking out on the sides?” Karla interrupted.
“Yes!  You saw him, too?”
“Not just now, but I think I’ve seen him poking around here before.”
Lynche returned to the table and laid his gun down.  “I think this is a perfect opportunity to test the weapon.  If that one doesn’t run, he’s dead.”
“You mean, dead-er.”
“Right.”
Lynche went into the kitchen/laboratory and unhooked his ectoblaster from the solar generator that charged it.
“Wish me luck.”  Then he looked at Karla the way he used to – before things had fallen apart between them.  “Don’t come out, no matter what happens.”
He threw on his trench coat, stuck his black New Orleans Saints cap on backwards, hoisted the heavy ectoblaster over his shoulder and stepped outside, passing right through the invisible ghost-shield that protected the building and into the street.
The ectoblaster was a chunky shoulder cannon, like a bazooka, but with glowing tubes, buttons, and high-tech gadgetry protruding from every surface.  At the front end, it came to a point encircled by thin rings of repurposed pure silver dinnerware acting as amplifying rings.
The streets were wet, as usual, but there were no street lights to reflect off the pavement.  Lynche moved cautiously, listening.  After checking around the mansion grounds, he headed into the darkness toward the cemetery.  Perhaps some ghosts still loitered around their old resting places.
A gang of wraiths came tearing around a blind corner, directly at Lynche - eight of them, maybe more.
Screaming and blubbering like insane people, the ghosts immediately spotted Lynche and converged on him.
He lifted the ectoblaster and took aim.
A high-pitched whistle came as he pulled the trigger, and a wash of red, shimmering waves escaped the tip of the weapon.  The ghosts on the receiving end of the blast recoiled, as if hit by an ocean wave while standing on the beach.
Then their wild faces became even more ferocious, and they charged forward with greater determination.
Lynche fumbled with the controls, frantically trying to boost the gain.  He fired again.
This blast was a brighter red, and he held the trigger for a full ten seconds, buffeting the ghosts with the energy until they finally dissolved like fast-melting ice, and disappeared.
Lynche lowered the weapon, breathing hard.
He used a small device to scan the ground where the ghosts had been - minute traces of ectoplasmic residue showed up.
He’d destroyed the ghosts.
“It worked!” he yelled triumphantly as he burst back into the mansion.  “Karla, it worked!  I blew the ghosts away!”
Karla didn’t seem as enthused.  “Oh, that’s great,” she said, half-smiling.
“What’s wrong with you?”
“Nothing.  I just wonder what became of those ghosts now.  I mean, they were people, sort of, right?  Did you just permanently extinguish their existence?”
“I sure hope so.”

#

The next evening, Lynche was in a decidedly better mood than the previous evening meal time, feeling like he was actually accomplishing something.  
Fighting back, instead of merely surviving.
“So,” he said, speaking through a mouthful of instant mashed potatoes, a few days’ growth on his gaunt face, “I think I’ve got it.  If I connect the ectoblaster’s dissolution core to a high-yield dispersal modulator – I can basically broadcast the weapon’s energy world-wide.”
“In English?” said Karla, taking a drink of water.
“A bomb, Karla.  A freaking ecto-nuke that’ll take them all out at once!  I just need a sufficient power source – something bigger than our little generator here.”
Karla shook her head slowly.  “I dunno, Ty.  I know we need to do something, but I just wonder – isn’t there some other way?  We don’t know what happens when a ghost is destroyed.”
“Yeah we do,” said Lynche, walking into the kitchen with his empty dish.  He called over his shoulder as he washed the plate at the sink.  “We know that they’re gone – no longer able to kill the Living and run amok in the world.”
Karla didn’t respond.
A minute later, he returned to the dining room – but she was gone.
“Karla?”
He picked up his gun and rushed to the entry hall, where Karla stood by the double front doors, facing him, stiff as a board, pale, and sweating.
A ghost stepped out from behind her, his silvery shimmering hand grasping Karla’s neck from the back.
Lynche automatically raised his gun in a two-handed stance, pointing it at the ghost’s head – despite the fact that a bullet would do nothing to a spirit.
“I’m sorry,” Karla whispered.  “I thought I heard something, so I came in here to check it, and –” 
“Shhh,” said the ghost.
“How did you get in here?” Lynche demanded.
The ghost, a male in his late forties, was white like water vapor, but with clearly defined features.  His whole body, very slightly translucent and glowing gently, seemed to hover mere millimeters above the worn hardwood floor.  Lynche noticed the air in the room had turned noticeably colder.
The ghost’s hair was poofy in the front and sticking out on the sides.  
Except for his brief encounter with the attacking ghosts last night in the street, this was the closest Lynche had been to a real live apparition in all his years studying the subject.
“My name is Paul Morphy,” said the ghost calmly.  “I was once a master chess player - one of the best ever, they said.  Of course, that was over a century ago.  I died in 1884, and was entombed not far from where your friend, Victor Delphine, got himself killed by the very spirits he’d unleashed.”
“Delphine was not my friend,” Lynche hissed.  “Now how did you get past my shield?”
“I found a weakness in your defenses – which is my expertise – but don’t worry,” he said, still gripping Karla by the neck, “I won’t tell any of the others.  The dead, or the Living.”
Karla shivered.
“Let her go!” Lynche demanded. 
“I will,” said Morphy.  “If I wanted to hurt either of you, don’t you think you’d be dead by now?”
Lynche did not lower his weapon.  It somehow made him feel more secure and powerful, despite its futility as a weapon against a ghost.  He wished he had his ectoblaster handy, but the thing was too heavy to lug around everywhere, and was currently charging in the kitchen anyway.
Morphy continued.  “I’ve been watching you, Mr. Lynche.  For several weeks now.  I’ve been observing your development of a powerful weapon, and saw you test it successfully last night.”
“That’s right,” said Lynche.  “I’m going to finally get rid of you ghosts, and free the few remaining Living from the prisons they’ve been forced to live in.  That we’ve been forced to live in.”
Morphy said nothing, but he did slowly release Karla’s neck.  She slumped a little, then glanced toward Morphy and leapt away toward Lynche, clinging to his chest, panting and wiping away the tears and cold sweat from her face.
“Don’t you wish to understand why I am not harming you?  Why I am no threat to you?” asked Morphy, cocking his head slightly.
“All right,” spat Lynche, lowering his useless gun.  “Explain.”
Morphy floated slowly to an armchair near the door and settled into it.  The cushion seemed to be untouched as he lowered his non-corporeal body into it and crossed one leg over the other.  “Mr. Delphine not only raised the spirits of the dead that night he placed his hex, but he placed a controlling spell upon them, robbing them of their normal will and intellect, turning us into vicious, crazed savages bent on destruction and murder.  Mere pawns.”
Lynche and Karla remained standing, listening intently to this creepy visitor with his eerily calm voice that sounded like Rhett Butler in Gone with the Wind.  Karla trembled slightly as she continued to hold tight to Lynche.
“So, I used the one thing you can take with you.  As a master chess player, my mind is trained to have incredible powers of concentration, control, and strategic thinking.  My mind is so disciplined, it was only a matter of time before I was able to use my intellect to overcome the hex.  As the foggy forefront of my consciousness was engaged in the rampages that nearly wiped the Living from the face of the earth, the back of my mind was clear, working on the problem – solving the riddle of the hex – and eventually, I undid it.”
The ghost scratched at his head.  “I came to myself, fully aware once more, as if waking from a strange trance, in the middle of Baton Rouge, surrounded by several hundred other spirits.  They were still, unfortunately, lost in the madness of the hex.  I slipped away and returned here to my home.” 
“Here?  Your home?” 
“Why, yes.  This empty restaurant was once a mansion that belonged to my family.  You can imagine my surprise when I found myself locked out, so to speak.”  He chuckled mirthlessly.  “I died here, you know.  In the bath, upstairs.”  He gazed upward, as if looking right through the ceiling.  “The one checkmate I had not anticipated.”
“So what do you want from us?  Why are you here?” asked Lynche.
“Why, my good man, isn’t it obvious?  I want you to refrain from destroying us.”
Lynche stared at the ghost.  “Are you serious?  No way – next chance I get, I’m gonna activate my ecto-nuke and blow away every last one of you murderous freaks.”
“Are you sure you should do that?” asked Karla.
“You bet I am,” said Lynche.  “The ecto-nuke will send an energy wave in all directions – pass right through the earth like cosmic rays – and take out every ghost on the planet.  And I’m almost ready to deploy.”
“No!” barked Morphy, rising to his feet and balling his fists.  “You cannot do that.  It would be wrong to destroy one hundred billion souls – can’t you understand?”
“They’re an invading force that’s murdered almost everyone on the planet!” yelled Lynche.  “What’s to understand?”
“I’ll tell you,” said Morphy, his voice quieter as he sat back down.  “This artificial resurrection – caused by the Voodoo hex – is unnatural.  I want to return to the world I’ve known since my death – a place much like this, only – different.  All of my family members were there.  We were happy.  Do you really want to destroy entire families?  Erase our souls – make us all extinct?  It’s simply not fair.” 
“Fair?  I’ll give you fair.  Try the near-complete decimation of the human species!  Genocide!” said Lynche.
“Ty,” said Karla tentatively.  “He has a point – wouldn’t what you plan to do be no better?  Wouldn’t it be genocide?”
Lynche turned as white as Morphy.  “I can’t believe you’re actually siding with him!  Karla, they killed almost everybody!”
“They’re sick, Ty!  They’ve been hexed – it’s not their fault.  Look at him – he’s perfectly normal – for a ghost, I mean.  All those other ghosts just need to do what he did and shake the curse!”  She turned to Morphy.  “Can’t you teach them to overcome the hex like you did?”
Morphy steepled his fingers.  “My dear, you overestimate my considerable talents.  It took me years of training to discipline my mind – and I was already a natural genius, having become a chess prodigy before I was ten years old.  Do you really expect me to reason with – and mentally train – one hundred billion crazed, hexed ghosts?” 
“Exactly,” said Lynche.  “That’s why they must be destroyed.  Survival of the Living is at stake.” 
“I beg you to reconsider, sir.”
Lynche pondered this highly intelligent specter who sat conversing with him in his home.  A ghost who had been under the wicked Voodoo hex, but now was not.  
He seemed reasonable.  Normal.
What if there were others like him, who had somehow shaken the hex and become “normal” ghosts once again?  What if Karla was right?  What if the ecto-nuke would mean the complete obliteration of a hundred billion souls whose only crime was to be caught dead with a hex on them?  The ecto-nuke would cause them to cease to exist, with no way to undo it.  What if all those other ghosts were simply afflicted, and could be healed, like Morphy? 
Lynche glared at the ghost and thought of the billions of people who’d been murdered a few months ago, and the handful of surviving Living condemned to hiding in churches.  
No – he couldn’t take the risk.
“I’m sorry,” said Lynche, “It has to be done.”
In an instant, Morphy shot across the room like a blur, grabbed Karla, and retreated.
He clutched her neck tightly – she wheezed, clutching at her throat, trying to breathe as Morphy’s hand seemed to pass through her flesh.
Her eyes wide, she croaked “Ty, help me,” then collapsed to the floor before Lynche could act.
He ran to her aid, then recoiled in horror, backing across the room.
From her lifeless body, a spirit rose – Karla’s ghost.
“I’m so very sorry, Mr. Lynche.  You’ve forced me to capture your queen.”
Shocked, Lynche dropped his gun and fell to his knees.  “Karla?”
Karla’s ghost stood there as surprised as Lynche.  “He killed me, Ty.  I’m – dead.”
“I had no choice,” said Morphy, sounding genuinely remorseful as he spoke to Karla.  “I’m sorry.  I hope,” he looked back at Lynche, “that her sacrifice will not be in vain.”
Lynche stood and shifted from foot to foot, like a cornered king.  His breathing heavy, his eyes wet, he looked at Karla’s shimmering ghost.  “How come she’s not – you know – freaking out and trying to kill me?”
“She’s a perfectly healthy ghost,” said Morphy.  “No hex.  Nobody who’s died since that initial night of terror has been affected – they just went to the other world in peace.  Karla is here because she has unfinished business.”
Karla floated close to Lynche and held up a hand, her face sorrowful.  Lynche tried to touch it with his own, but it passed through her with a chilly sensation.  He jerked his hand away and backed up from her.
He suddenly turned, ran to the kitchen, and returned with his ectoblaster.  He flipped a switch and a whining sound grew from the weapon as it warmed up.
“Give me one reason why I shouldn’t destroy you right here and now!” he yelled, aiming the weapon at Morphy’s head.  “You’re a murderer!”
Morphy looked genuinely remorseful, and not the slightest bit threatened.  “Perhaps that would be best, Mr. Lynche.  I know changing Karla’s state against her will was wrong.  But surely you see why you must not use your ecto-nuke – you’ll be extinguishing the normal as well as the afflicted – including Karla.”
Lynche considered his words and lowered the ectoblaster, then buried his head in his hands.  “You have an alternative strategy, I take it?” 
Morphy smiled ruefully.  “I think I have just the right move.”

#

Between Lynche’s expertise with all things supernatural, and Morphy’s brilliant strategic and technical mind, the two made quite a research-and-development team – despite the tension between them.
The first order of business was to seal the breach in Lynche’s shielding that had allowed Morphy to sneak into the house in the first place.  Lynche set the new shielding up with a passcode to temporarily disable it so Morphy could come and go freely.
For the following few weeks, they worked hard to determine a way for the ecto-nuke to deliver a blast that would undo the Voodoo hex, rather than destroy the ghosts.
But their work was not without danger.
Attacks on the house increased, making it harder and harder to venture out to resupply.
“We’re connected, you see,” said Morphy, as Lynche leaned over the bomb, tweaking one of the incorporeal potentiometers on the device’s detonator.  Morphy leaned back against the counter.
“They can read your mind – know what we’re up to here?” asked Lynche.
“No, no – we have a sort of a hive mind – not directly fused thoughts, but as though we’re all in the same swimming pool, aware of the movement of the water caused by one another’s actions.  They can’t read my thoughts, but they are generally aware of what’s happening here – as aware as they can be in their frenzied state.  Their minds are still addled with the hex – but they do have a base survival instinct, which is why they have been converging on this home and trying to kill you.  I suppose they’d try to kill me and Karla, if they could.”
“Ghosts killing ghosts?” asked Karla, gliding into the kitchen.  “How could that be possible?” 
“I do not know,” said Morphy, frowning deeply.  “But if there’s a way, they’ll do it.  They see us as a threat, even though we are actually trying to help them.”
“I’ve almost got it,” said Lynche, making another adjustment to the eidolon power converter.  “But there’s something missing.”
“I know,” said Morphy.  “It needs a sample.  A way to duplicate the logical algorithms I utilized to throw off the hex.  It needs a piece of me.”
“But I have no experience removing a part of a ghost’s mind,” said Lynche.  “How can I do that?”
Morphy stepped toward the ecto-nuke, and leaned in for a closer look.  “What if you reverse the polarity of the phantom-wave inducer?” he said thoughtfully.  “That should allow you to extract a portion of my ectoplasmic neurons.”
“How do you know that?” asked Lynche, his eyes wide.  “You’re a nineteenth century man.  What do you know about neurons – let alone ectoplasmic ones?”
“Do you think that when you die, you stop learning and growing and enlarging your intellect?  Young man, you have much to learn about death.”
Lynche shook his head in awe, then proceeded with the technical modification.
“Okay, ready?” he asked Morphy, powering up the device.
Morphy stood next to the machine, and with a flourish, said, “I hereby donate this portion of my sanity, in order to benefit all of humanity!”  He smiled at his rhyme, then bent over, placing his head directly inside the machine – a bizarre feat to witness.
Lynche pressed a button on the console, and the deed was done.  Morphy raised his head and said, “Tada!  None the worse for wear.”
Karla smiled. 
Lynche didn’t.  He still had trouble accepting that this man had killed Karla – even if she was content to be dead.  Working with Morphy was a struggle sometimes, despite their common goal.  Other times, however, he couldn’t help but like the guy – he was charming and smart.
“I suppose all that’s left is to test it,” said Lynche.  “If all goes right, it’ll erase the Voodoo hex, leaving the spirit intact.” 
“Better yet,” said Morphy, “if it works as I hope, it will also enable a ghost to return to his own realm, where he belongs.  It will set things right.”
Lynche looked at the ethereal Karla.  She looked him in the eyes, and nodded.

#

That night, the two men left the house.  Lynche had armed his shoulder weapon with a sample fragment of the ecto-nuke’s core, enabling it to do the same thing as the bomb, but on a portable and more targeted level.
It didn’t take long to run into one of the banshee-like ghosts.  It came flying at the pair at high speed, screaming maniacally.
Lynche took aim and fired without hesitation.
The ghoulish ghost stopped in its tracks, seemingly frozen.  Then it shimmered a little, convulsed slightly, and a look of lucidity and comprehension appeared on its white face.  Its eyes seemed clear, and it was not screaming or gnashing its teeth anymore.
“What on earth has happened to me?” the ghost asked.
“You were under a Voodoo hex,” said Morphy kindly, acting as liaison to his own kind.  “We’ve freed you.  Try, if you will, to return to your realm.  Go on,” he encouraged the ghost, “you may go home.”
The ghost looked momentarily bewildered, then a look of comfort and joy crossed its features.  It closed its eyes, exhaled, and its whole form suddenly contracted into a tiny ball of light – a mere speck of intense brightness, before vanishing into the earth with a tiny popping sound.
Morphy was exuberant.
“It worked!  It worked!”
A gang of about fifty crazed ghosts rushed around the corner and came at them.
“Fire again!” Morphy exclaimed.
“I can’t!” yelled Lynche, turning to run.  “That one shot used all my power.  I’m out of juice!”
The two fled back toward the mansion.
Narrowly escaping the wave of attacking apparitions, Lynche dove into the house, penetrating the invisible shield and reaching safety just in time.
Morphy entered using the shield code, but as he was much faster, he was able to make it without a problem.
“That was a close one,” Lynche said, leaning over as he caught his breath.
“Yes,” said Morphy.  “But it was a resounding success.”
“What’s next?” asked Karla.
“Now, we deploy the bomb,” said Lynche.

#

Lynche stole a Porsche parked nearby, and the three of them rocketed down the empty Highway 10 with the bomb in the back seat next to Karla.
Waterford nuclear power plant was a perilous thirty mile trip to St. Charles Parish, but they made it in less than twenty minutes, passing hundreds of moldering bodies along the highway, sickening reminders of that first devastating night months ago.
Lynche lugged the heavy ecto-nuke in through the front gates, the awkward device banging him in the shins as he toted it toward the entrance.  Morphy spotted a wall of spirits in the distance closing fast – a massive hoard of thousands of angry, bloodthirsty ghosts descending for the kill.
“We need to move!” Morphy yelled.
They hurried inside through the main doors, right into an obvious problem.
No power.
“You expected this,” said Morphy.
“Yes,” said Lynche.  “Why do you think I brought you along?”
Morphy smiled.  “You are a wise man, Mr. Lynche.”
Within minutes, the brilliant ghost had transfused himself into the mainframe and restarted the system.  Lights came on and the reactor came to life with a deep hum.
Lynche smiled at Karla and the three of them rushed through the corridors to the nuclear facility’s control room.
A pair of rotting corpses sat at the fission control console, their bodies decaying for months since the initial attack.  Swarms of flies buzzed around, and the air smelled putrid.  
Karla glanced back down the hall to see a swarm of snarling spirits bearing down on the control room.
“Go!” Morphy yelled, stepping down the corridor toward the other ghosts.  “I’ll try to hold them off!”
“Hold them off – are you crazy?” Lynche said, staring at the dense army of hexed souls.
“In order to win the game,” said Morphy, “you must be unpredictable – and be willing to sacrifice.  You are the king, Mr. Lynche.  Do not let this game end in a stalemate.”  
“Come on!” screamed the ghostly Karla, terrified.  
Lynche turned away from the resolute Morphy and slammed the control room door. 
Morphy bought them a little time – just enough to set up a portable shield around the reactor’s control room.
Lynche looked out the little tempered glass window as the swarm of ghosts fell upon Morphy.  The ghost screwed up his face, focusing his considerable mental power on the nearest ghosts, who seemed to bounce back a little.  But as more piled on, he was overcome by the countless raging spirits.
Lynche and Karla watched as Morphy evaporated, crushed by the hundreds of clawing ghost hands.
Destroyed forever into oblivion.
Lynche shuddered, then ducked under a panel and connected the bomb to the main power supply.  Outside the room, they could hear the furious crowd of the dead banging up against the shield, pounding madly.
“I’m going to need to disengage the shield generator,” he said.  “The bomb needs to use its shadow coil.  This may get rough.  Here goes nothing.”
He switched the coils out, and as he reached for the detonator, a stream of rabid ghosts flooded through the walls and ceiling, charging at Lynche and Karla.
The spirits quickly enveloped Karla in a frenzy of shimmering white fluidity.  
Lynche was pulled away from the ecto-nuke by his feet.  As his head smashed against the hard floor, his fingers scraped across the detonator board, hammering blindly at the buttons.
He felt an ice cold hand reach into his abdomen.
He stretched himself toward the detonator with all his might, the ghost tearing at his innards like a bad case of food poisoning.
And then he hit the button.
A massive wave of red energy emanated from the device, passing right through Lynche with no effect, but knocking the ghosts off their ethereal feet and sweeping them across the room.
A moment later, all the ghosts changed.
They stopped fighting, ceased growling and spitting, relaxed.  They released Lynche and Karla.  Many of them shook their heads, blinking hard.
A moment later, they all closed their eyes, smiling gently.  They each breathed deeply and exhaled, then shrunk to become tiny, bright lights, which quickly disappeared into the floor.
Karla floated over to Lynche, and they looked out the window across the Louisiana landscape.  In an ever expanding circle in all directions, tens of thousands of tiny pinpricks of light formed against the darkening purple of the evening sky, then faded silently into the ground.
As Lynche and Karla drove home slowly in the pilfered Porsche, they saw the Living beginning to emerge from their churches and other holy sanctuaries, ready to rebuild their decimated world once more.  
In safety.
“Ty,” whispered Karla, sniffling slightly as they passed a group of cheering Living, “What about Morphy?”
Lynche looked at Karla.  “Maybe I can figure out a way to bring him back from the second death.  You know, like a pawn can bring back a captured piece.”  He stared at the deserted road ahead.  “We all owe it to him.” 
“I’d like to stick around for a while and help you.”
“You gonna haunt me, eh?”
“Yeah, you know – unfinished business.”


* * * * *


The Darkness


She should listen to Tanner89.  Or whatever his real name is.  
Real.  Huh.  Whatever real is.
Most of the six hundred seventeen “people” living in Yachats, Oregon – a sand-swept wide spot in the road south of Waldport – are less “real” to Ashley Lane than her twenty-nine online friends. 
Except for one.
Jonas Silage, the vile chunk of rancid meat in filthy overalls and greasy smile.  For Ashley, the reality of Jonas is all too much to bear.  
Which is why she should listen to Tanner89.
Ashley climbs over one of the giant driftwood logs on the desolate beach and finds her favorite secluded cove out of the wind where she can sit in private with a view of the roiling late-October ocean.  She wipes the image of Jonas from her mind and flicks open the battered laptop across her gray sweat-pant covered legs.
Should’ve listened to Mom, too, she thinks, wishing she’d grabbed a jacket on her way out.  The sun is out, but the salty wind whipping down the shore is ice cold.  Now that she isn’t generating her own heat from climbing down to the beach, the wind that had bitten through her skin is making it hard to warm up, despite the shelter she’s found.
She inhales the odor of seaweed as she logs into her email.  She smiles, her heart reflexively leaping as her computer announces she has mail.  The wireless card in her laptop is her lifeline to the world outside her miserable small-town existence.  These are the moments she lives for these days – a chance to touch life beyond Yachats.
Brushing a strand of her bathwater-colored hair back and hooking it behind her ear, she bites her lower lip and opens her mail:

Ashes2Ashes,
Where U been?  No email yesterday or Friday.  Hope JS is leaving U alone.  Let me know if U want me 2 talk 2 Tanner.  He says he can still help.
LazyDazy

Ashley hits REPLY and her eyes bore through the screen.  She lifts her gaze and stares out at the ocean, listens to the relentless waves.  The few tourists that come through at this time of year love the fact that entire stretches of coastline like this are deserted – not a soul as far as the eye can see in either direction, as if you are completely alone in the world.
Ashley hates it.  Mostly.  She does like having a place to communicate online without interruption, but what she wouldn’t give to be on a beach packed with sunbathers and volleyball players and musclemen and families, all glistening in the sun, spread out on their blankets and towels like gems in a jeweler’s case.  
To be among humans.  Lost in a crowd.  Lost anywhere but in Yachats.
Instead, she sits here alone, trying not to think of the un-humans in her life like Jonas Silage.  She glances back at the screen, the flashing cursor blinking in time with her own heartbeat.  
She knows she has to give piano lessons to those horrid Grant twins tonight (the demon-spawn nine year olds), so she types:

LazyDazy,
Tell Tanner to meet me in our chat room tomorrow night at six.  I’m ready to deal with this.
Ashes2Ashes

She hits SEND, and changes her life forever.

#

Ashley sits on the edge of her bed with its sinking middle and threadbare blankets and slips her skinny legs into her torn black jeans.  She pulls on her sand-worn Nikes, a pink shirt and a jacket, then heads out the front door to school, her enormous backpack over her shoulder.  
The road to Highway 101 has no sidewalks and deep puddles line the gravel shoulder.  It rained again last night – hard – and only stopped a few minutes before she left the house.  Now the sky is just flat and gray like her life.  The rain water still drips from the power lines to disturb the muddy puddles.
Last night she’d managed to get through the piano lessons with the Grants without killing either of them, which is a plus.  And she got paid cash.  Today, she’ll put half in the bank for Mom, and take the other half to the Radio Shack and finally get the mp3 player she’s been saving up for.  Everyone else seems to have one – it’s about time she had a way to listen to her tunes without carrying her laptop everywhere.  Of course she’ll keep carrying the laptop anyway, since it’s her one window to the real world.
Everyone calls the internet the virtual world, but when you’re only “virtually” living in your own world, the universe that can be accessed via the web is as tangible and welcoming as any “actual” place.
As she approaches the highway where the bus stop is located, she passes the small antique dealer and shudders.  The peeling white paint on the siding, the bizarre artifacts in the large front window of the old house, and the dull black eyes she can feel watching her from deep within the main room make her skin crawl.  Silage is in there, and she knows that he knows that she knows it – the shared understanding like a violation of her mind.
She quickens her pace and catches the school bus that will take her to Waldport just as it’s about to pull away from the curbless sidewalk of the highway.  She holds her book bag in front of her as she makes her way down the narrow aisle to the back row of seats past kids of varying age engaged in homework, boisterous conversation, or in some cases, sleep.
Seated back here above the noisy engine, Ashley can slide her laptop out and reach out to the world without anyone looking over her shoulder.  She plugs her headphones into the jack so no one will hear the sound effects of her chat program.

- DING –

LazyDazy is ONLINE.

Ashes2Ashes: U there, LD?
LazyDazy: Yeah, whatsup?
Ashes2Ashes: Just walked past the hellhole again.  Ugh.  I’m on the bus now.  
LazyDazy: Tonight, things will start to change, girl.
Ashes2Ashes: Yeah, I know, but he just CREEPS me out so much.  And I’ll still have to go by there on the way home 2nite.
LazyDazy: Got2go – Mr. Thompson is glaring.  Math sux.

Ashley closes her laptop.  LazyDazy is a couple of time zones ahead, so she’s already halfway through her morning classes.  Lucky.
The bus pulls into the school and Ashley is, of course, last off the bus.  
Last on, last off.  Always last place for Ashley.
She heads to first period and tries to push away thoughts of Jonas and Tanner89 for now.

#

Ashley always has trouble sleeping.  Her typical night consists of chatting online until about two, when her eyes are too heavy to see the words clearly on the glowing screen and she finds herself blinking way more times than could possibly be healthy.  Then she drinks a mug of hot chocolate and spends the next two hours trying to get comfortable in her bed.  
The next two hours are a raging dream cycle – one extra-long REM zone filled with the horror of that evening four months ago when Jonas had got a hold of her - always ending in a heart-pounding awakening, just in time for the false dawn and real fear to keep her awake despite the fatigue.  And it starts all over the next night.
In between, especially on school days, Ashley makes up for the lack of rest by finding a quiet corner of the library and putting her head down for a half hour or so, headphones on, plugged into the laptop, instant messenger open.  
Thirty minutes of blissful, dead-to-the-world blackness – a dreamless sleep for a weary young woman.
But today is different.  The moment she lays her head down, she enters another world.

Running.
The sand under her feet forming hands and arms that pull at her clothes, strip her naked, scrape her flesh.
Under the night sky, the ocean a black maw with fanged surf rushing up the beach to devour her.
Seagulls the size of cars swoop at her, metallic echoes scream from their gaping beaks.
Tidepools of oozing blood.
Ashley scrabbles up the cliff face, stinging sand filling the cuts on her legs.
She looks over her shoulder at the ocean, its jaws opening wide to her.  Closing in.
She looks back up to the cliff wall and a tattooed hand extends over the edge to her.
No time to think, she grasps it.
Ice cold.
It pulls her up and over onto the grassy cliff top.
She kneels and covers her nakedness with her arms, looks up and sees –

Ashley’s head pops up off the table and she breathes heavily, as if she’s just sprinted the length of the library. 

DING –

LazyDazy is ONLINE.

Ashes2Ashes: Laze, I just dreamed of him again.  Only in the daytime this time.

Ashley’s heart is still pounding in her chest.

LazyDazy: I’m sorry, Ash.  Why don’t you just go home and get some rest?
Ashes2Ashes: Well, I don’t wanna be here anymore, but I can’t get rest.  I’m scared I’ll see him again if I fall asleep.
LazyDazy:  By tonight you’ll be able 2 sleep.  Tanner will help.
Ashes2Ashes: Good, cuz I’m sick of this.
LazyDazy:  Let me know what happens 2nite.
Ashes2Ashes:  I gotta get 2 class.  Bye.

Ashley decides to stay at school – it’s a long, long walk home, and nothing to do there but try to stay awake.  Better off staying here where there’s something to do.

#

Ashley gets home just after five and heads to the music room.  It’s not really a music room – nothing so fancy – just a cramped sitting room off the dining room that Mom has been storing Dad’s stuff for the last few years – but it’s where the brown spinet piano fits and where she goes to play.
No lessons to give this evening.  Just a chance to play her heart out before her mother gets home.
Aside from the internet, the only other place Ashley finds solace - can escape from Yachats - is when she’s playing the piano.  She’s always had a gift for playing – even composing – since as long as she can remember.
Although she hates teaching most of the local kids (there’s only one who’s not a total brat – must be something about kids who are forced to do things they don’t want to do), it brings in some extra money that she splits between savings and contributing to the household.  
Since Dad died four years ago, Mom has had to work extra hard (two jobs) to pay the mortgage, keep the lights on, and keep food in the fridge.  Days at H&R Block, night’s at Mo’s.  
Dad never thought to take out life insurance (the fool).  As if, in his line of work, it wasn’t just a matter of time before he’d get flattened by a six ton log.  
Whatever.  It is what it is.
Ashley warms up with a couple of her standard pieces – Cristofori’s Dream by David Lanz, some Brahms, a little Ravel – and then moves into a jazz arrangement by Harry Connick Jr.  
Once her fingers are warm and limber and her mind cleared, she lets loose with her own sweeping melodies, pulled straight from the secret places in her soul where the darkness of the world cannot trespass.
She closes her eyes as the notes flow, the music pours out of her through her fingertips.  The piano is an extension of her body - she is one with the instrument.
The sounds speak her existence to the indifferent walls.  
Shout her existence.  
Reveal her to the deaf universe.
The music announces that Ashley is.
“Knock knock, sweetie.”
Ashley flinches on the piano bench, her feet kick off the pedals, the music coming to a sudden stop.  She turns and glares at her mother with that don’t sneak up on me! look.
“I’m sorry, Ash, I always try to give you a little warning, but you just get so carried away, and I have to do something to get your attention.”
Ashley just turns back to the keyboard.
Mom strolls over and leans on the side of the spinet.
“Ash, that was some really dark stuff.”
“What stuff?”
“That music you were playing.  It wasn’t like your usual stuff – it was heavy and black.  I’ve never heard you play like that before.”
Ashley stands and closes the lid over the keys.  Takes a deep breath and exhales through her nose.  Shrugs.
“I dunno, Mom.  I just play whatever comes out.”
“Alright, well, dinner’s gonna have to be pizza tonight – I won’t have time to prepare anything before I have to leave again.”
“What?  What time is it?” Ashley frowns.
“It’s six fifteen,” says her mother.  “I had to work late at H&R – and I have to leave in ten minutes for the night shift at Mo’s.  You’ll just have to fend for yourself tonight.  Here’s some cash for the pizza guy.”  She drops a twenty on the piano and kisses Ashley on the head.  “See you sweetie.”
Six fifteen?  Already?
Ashley runs up to her room and slams the door, jumps on her bed and pulls out her laptop.
“C’mon, c’mon, boot up already!”
She pulls up the chat room and logs in.
No Tanner89 in the room.
“Crap!”

DING   –

Tanner89 is ONLINE.

“Yes!”  She pumps her fist and then types furiously.

Ashes2Ashes: Tanner89, I’m sorry I was late.
Tanner89: No prob – I’m late 2.  Hold on.

A message appears in a small dialog box on the screen: 
Tanner89 is requesting a private chat.  YES / NO.

Ashley clicks “yes” and a new window opens with just Tanner89 and Ashes2Ashes in the room.

Tanner89: Good, now let’s get down 2 business.  1st things 1st.  Do you have a credit card?
Ashes2Ashes: No, but I have a PayPal that withdraws straight from my checking.  Will that work?
Tanner89: Perfect.  Tell me about your problem.

Ashley freezes.  She’s never told anyone but LazyDazy about what happened.  And she doesn’t want to relive it now.  But she has to make a case, she supposes, so she gives the highlights.

Tanner89: Still there?
Ashes2Ashes: Yes, sorry.  Here’s the deal.  I gotta major jerk that needs to go away.  He wants 2 hurt me.  Always watching me.  Knows where I live.
Tanner89: I take it you know where he lives 2.
Ashes2Ashes: Yes.  I can give you whatever information you need about him.
Tanner89: Let’s start with the basics – name, address, what he does for a living, a description – a photo if U can get 1.  I’ll need you 2 email that 2 me.  Just send it all in an email.
Ashes2Ashes: Ok.  What’s your email?
Tanner89:  Just send it 2 hh34792@yahoo.com.
Ashes2Ashes: Ok.  Weird email.  That yours?
Tanner89: No.  Just send it there.  And include your PayPal info, too.
Ashes2Ashes: Ok.  Then what happens?  How long do I have 2 wait?
Tanner89: Don’t wait.  Just do it now.
Ashes2Ashes: No, I mean how long after I send it do I have to wait 4

She stops typing, trying to figure out what exactly it is she’ll be waiting for.

Tanner89: 4 . . .
Ashes2Ashes: 4 the job 2 be done.
Tanner89: I’ll need 2 check with my guy – depends what approach he takes.  What’s your zip code?
Ashes2Ashes: 97498
Tanner89: Hold on. 

The cursor flashes for five seconds.

Tanner89: Oregon coast?
Ashes2Ashes: Yes.
Tanner89: Depending what he does, you could see satisfaction by Thursday night.
Ashes2Ashes: Ok.  Thanks.  How much is this going 2 cost, anyway?
Tanner89: I won’t know until it’s done.  Have 2 figure the expenses into it.  I’ll let you know in an email Friday morning.

BLIP BLIP   –

Tanner89 is OFFLINE.

Ashley logs off and closes the laptop lid, her hands shaking.  She sighs a jagged sigh, feeling a weird mixture of relief and apprehension.  
Maybe even excitement.  She lets a nervous smile cross her face.
What am I getting myself into?

#

Ashley Ziplocks the leftover pizza for Mom and puts it in the fridge.  She heads upstairs and pulls on her sweats and t-shirt for bed, thinking she may be able to sleep for a change, just knowing that something is going to be done to help her.
But first she pulls out her new mp3 player and hooks it up to her laptop to download all her music to the player and program some play lists.  She grabs the USB to plug it in.

DING   – 

Tanner89 is ONLINE.
Tanner89 is requesting a private chat.  YES / NO.

Ashley clicks “yes” and enters her own private shady back alley of cyberspace.

Ashes2Ashes: I’m here.
Tanner89: I got your email with the info.  I had 2 charge your account for some set up fees – upfront costs.  It maxed it out pretty fast.  You don’t have enough in your acct.  Got a credit card you can borrow?

Ashley cringes.  Maybe it was a bad time to buy the mp3 player.  
But she can’t let this fall apart now.

Ashes2Ashes: Hang on – I’ll be right back.

She busts out of her room and down the hall to her mother’s room.  Mom’s still not home from Mo’s – must be a busy night.  Ashley opens her mother’s underwear drawer and digs to the back.
The secret emergency-only credit card.  Gotta love having a well-prepared accountant for a mother.  Just better hope she doesn’t notice the charge.  Ashley tells herself she’ll cross that bridge when she comes to it.
She dashes back to her room.

Ashes2Ashes: Visa 4441712110902311.
Tanner89: Expiration date?
Ashes2Ashes: 10/08.  That’s this month – is that okay?
Tanner89: Yes, we’ll just have 2 make sure we’re done with the job by this Friday.  Halloween.
Ashes2Ashes: Ok.  Do U need anything else?
Tanner89: Yes.  I need you 2 tell me what kind of computer he uses – Mac or PC.

Ashley gulps.

Ashes2Ashes: Why?  And how am I supposed 2 know that?
Tanner89: Cuz we need 2 know what we’re hacking into. It’s part of our method.  You find it out by looking.  Just go into his store like any other customer, and take a look what he’s using. 

Ashley starts sweating as she considers going anywhere near Jonas Silage or his store.

Tanner89: We’ll need that as soon as you can get it.  We can’t do anything without it.

- BLIP BLIP -

Tanner89 is OFFLINE.

Ashley stares at the screen.  
This is not what she bargained for.

#

All day at school the next day Ashley tries to plan her incursion into the realm of Jonas Silage.  Each time she tries to figure out a way to get in and out of his store undetected, she pictures his face and it makes her nauseous.
Thin strands of greasy black hair protruding from his patchy mottled scalp.
Grotesque tattoos depicting nude women and symbols of death across his forearms.
Black and white stubble growing on his flabby jowels.
Dead eyes like coal.
The little wet spot on his upper lip that is either snot or sweat or who knows what.
And the smell of stale cigars and dead meat that follows him around.
It’s a wonder he can run a business when he’s so personally off-putting.  People must allow him his eccentricities on account of his incredible collection of rare antiques.  Ashley thinks they’re all ugly and disturbing, but the tourists and some locals rave about them.
Ashley tries to avoid having to do this task herself, but she decides she can’t ask anyone else to do it – she really doesn’t know anyone well enough to ask the favor – it’s pretty out of the way for most of the kids here – and she may end up having to explain herself, and she definitely is not going to confide any of this in any of these people.
  She finally decides how to go about her plan as she steps aboard the bus to go home.
#
As she walks past Silage Antiques, she can once again feel his black eyes on her from across the street.  She keeps walking until she’s out of sight.
Then she crosses back over to his side of the street and moves to within thirty yards of the side of the building that has no windows.  She sits beside the fence between the properties and watches.
After five minutes a car pulls up and a couple enters the shop.  
Tourists.
Another ten minutes later an old man on a bicycle with a handlebar basket rides up and leans his bike against the side of the shop and goes in.
Mr. Guthrie.
One more and I’ll do it.  I just need enough people for him to be distracted for a minute.
One minute later, a woman in a pickup shows up and goes inside.
Ashley jumps into action, fighting her fear every step of the way.  She’s about ten yards from the front door when it opens.
Silage.
Ashley spins a one-eighty on the spot and closes her eyes like an ostrich sticking its head in the sand, hoping beyond reason that she can turn invisible.
Silage leads out of the door and the pickup truck woman follows him.  They’re facing down the street the other way.  He leads Pickup Woman around to the other side of the shop where he stores some of his larger, outdoor items.
They round the corner as Ashley turns back and sees them disappear.
As she races to the front door to slip inside, a part of her mind flashes upon an image of the pickup truck woman and Silage engaged in a struggle, the woman pinned, screaming silently.
Don’t be an idiot - he’s not gonna do anything like that in broad daylight, with customers around.
Inside, she immediately seeks out his computer.  The other customers are buried in the antiques that stretch back into several other rooms in the dim, low-ceilinged place.
She moves to the obvious location – the cash register – but it’s just an old-fashioned machine – no computer.
She looks behind the counter and through a beaded doorway she sees it – a laptop bag sitting on a chair.
She gingerly parts the beads and steps into the private room, crosses to the chair and unzips the bag.
Mac.
She zips it up and heads for the beads.  The front door strikes the hanging bell as it opens.
Her heart leaps into her throat and she can’t breathe.
In comes Silage, who eyes her sideways as he holds the door for Pickup Woman.
Ashley is frozen in place.  Silage politely concludes his business with Pickup Woman and the tourist couple leaves at the same time, buying nothing.
Mr. Guthrie is still in the store somewhere, but he’s deaf as a doornail and would probably not even hear her scream.
Silage parts the beads, his mouth twisted into a sickly smile.
“Why, hello, Ashley,” he croaks.  “To what do I owe this – pleasure.”  The final word sounds wet, and isn’t spoken as a question.
“Silage!”
Silage doesn’t turn.
“Silage! You as deaf as me, boy?”
Silage keeps his soulless eyes on Ashley as long as possible as he slowly turns to answer Guthrie, who stands at the counter.
“I heard you old man,” he says extra loud.  “Can’t you see I’m entertaining company?”
Ashley takes this moment to make her move and scoots past Silage out into the main room, brushing against his elbow as she bounces off the beaded doorway.
“Heh,” says Guthrie.  “Looks like your company is just leaving.”
Ashley passes Guthrie and gives him a quick, forced smile then pulls the front door open with a clang and flees into the chill air.
She feels Silage’s eyes on her all the way up the street, and feels his elbow on her until she can shower it off.

#

- DING -
LazyDazy is ONLINE.

Ashley is still fighting back the nausea from having been so close to the embodiment of her nightmare.  The shower helped, as did the hour of furious, ecstatic, deliciously angry piano playing.  When she was done, she was actually sweating and had to shower again.
Now she sits on her bed, her blanket over her lap.

Ashes2Ashes: Hey girl.
LazyDazy: What happened with Tanner?
Ashes2Ashes: He cleaned me out and made me go see Silage.
LazyDazy: Sounds like that expensive aversion therapy my mother did last year.  Ew.
Ashes2Ashes: No, it’s not like that.  I just had 2 do something really creepy.  But I got it done, and now Tanner or his guy or whatever should be able 2 get 2 work on JS.
LazyDazy: Hang in there.  It’s almost over.  BTW, it’s not Tanner doing anything, he’s just a middle man – he calls himself a broker.
Ashes2Ashes: Either way, as long as they know what they’re doing.
LazyDazy: Trust me, Ash.  I know what they can do.  His guy really helped my friend Suze last year.  Had a creep following her around.
Ashes2Ashes: What happened?
LazyDazy:  Now he doesn’t follow anyone around.  They tried 2 scare him, reason with him, threaten him.  Nothing worked.  So they broke his legs.
Ashes2Ashes: That’s horrible!  :(
LazyDazy: They did what it took.  Nobody screws with Suze anymore, I’ll tell U that.
Ashes2Ashes: Well, I don’t know how I feel about anyone getting hurt.  But the guy is dangerous, so I just don’t know.  Hopefully the scaring will work.
LazyDazy: Got 2go2 sleep – it’s late here.  Sleep well 2nite, girl.  U deserve it.
Ashes2Ashes: I’ll try.  Goodnight.

BLIP BLIP – 

LazyDazy is OFFLINE.

Ashley sits back against her pillows.
Broken legs?  She hopes it doesn’t come to that.

#

Ashley sits at the dinner table in front of her laptop the next evening.  All day long she found herself unable to concentrate, and now has a pile of homework to get through.
“I wish you wouldn’t do that during dinner,” her mother says.  “We hardly see each other as it is.”
Ashley closes the laptop.  “Sorry, Mom.  I’m just swamped right now.”
“Well, you can spare ten minutes.  Tell me about your day.”
“Not much to tell.  Just the same old same old.  How about you?”
“Actually, I had a pretty weird one today.  Which reminds me, are you up to date on your antivirus protection?  You wouldn’t believe the things hackers are doing these days.  Had the antique dealer in today to see if we had backups of his business records.  We did his taxes last year, so we were able to help him.  But he had had his entire system penetrated.  All his inventory files, finances – everything – totally screwed with.  Mostly deleted, but some stuff just messed with.  Total mess.”
Ashley looks down at her pot pie and jabs a piece of crust with her fork.
“Did you hear me, Ash?  You need to make sure your computer is secure – it can happen to anybody.”
“Yeah, I know, Mom.  Can I go finish my homework now?”
“Go for it.  I have to leave for Mo’s in twenty minutes.  I’ll see you tomorrow.”

#

DING –

Tanner89 is ONLINE.
Tanner89 is requesting a private chat.  YES / NO.

Ashley pulls her curtains across her bedroom window, sits on the bed and clicks “yes.”

Tanner89: Ok, here’s what we’ve done so far.  We wiped out his finances and business records, and left a pop up window that opens every two minutes that says “LEAVE YACHATS.”
Ashes2Ashes: Well, he got his financial records back and he hasn’t left town.  So, have I just been ripped off?
Tanner89: Patience.  We’re just getting started.  My guy is already on his way 2 Oregon.  Have no fear.  This is a multi-phase operation.  My guy always gets the job done.
Ashes2Ashes: Or my money back?
Tanner89: There are no guarantees.  2 unpredictable a business.  Just relax and hang in there.
Ashes2Ashes: People keep telling me that.

BLIP BLIP –

Tanner89 is OFFLINE.

Ashley climbs into bed, wondering what phase two entails.

#

As Ashley passes Silage Antiques on her way home from school the next day, she actually stops in her tracks, jaw dropping.
The front window is laying in a thousand pieces on the ground out front.  Red spray paint across the dirty white siding says “LEAVE YACHATS” in three-foot letters.
Sheriff Silage, Jonas’ younger brother and the reason Ashley could never approach the police about her problems with Jonas, stands in the doorway talking to Jonas, his patrol car parked at an odd angle in the tiny front lot.
The sight of the cop car gives her a pang of guilt.  She doesn’t feel bad about Silage, but the vivid image of cops and crime and real world implications suddenly makes the conscious connection between her own actions and the law.  
She is a criminal now.
Silage is laughing with his brother now, his stained, crooked teeth showing between his cracked lips and through his ragged beard.
Laughing.
Ashley doubts that Silage will be leaving Yachats any time soon.
#

DING –

Tanner89 is ONLINE.
Tanner89 is requesting a private chat.  YES / NO.

Ashley pushes her dinner over to her mother’s empty place at the table and clicks “yes.”

Tanner89: I told you we mean business.  You like what you saw 2day?
Ashes2Ashes: Yeah, that was great.  NOT.  You did a nice number on his shop, but he’s not going anywhere.  He just doesn’t seem the type 2 scare easily.
Tanner89: We’ve got more tricks.  My man is still in your area.  He’s got a surprise in store for 2night.  Just wait.

BLIP BLIP –

Tanner89 is OFFLINE.

Ashley closes the laptop and closes her eyes.  This is getting out of hand.

#

Ashley walks to catch the morning bus.
She stops as she turns the corner and sees the antique shop.
Four cop cars (city, county, state troopers).
Ambulance.
Coroner.
Yellow crime scene tape.
A stretcher with black body bag is rolled out of the shop toward the meat wagon.
Ashley gasps, her lungs shrink.
I’m a murderer.
No!
Out comes Jonas Silage, alive and well.  As well as could be expected for such a sick individual.
Ashley scurries past and onto her bus, where she gets the pieces of the story from various gossiping kids.
“Shot him dead with a shotgun.”
“Nah, it was a knife – he sliced the kid from ear to ear.”
“Yep, it was a knife, I know cuz my dad is dating the dispatcher.”
“He won’t spend a day in jail – perfectly legal to kill a prowler on your property.  Self defense.”
“Who was he?”
“He wasn’t from around here – probably a drifter looking for something valuable to hock.”
“That Silage dude’s had a lot happen to him in the last week.”
“Well, he’s a weirdo, I think.”
“A weirdo who’s good with a knife.”
Ashley leans her forehead against the cold windowand stares beyond the passing trees at the little glimpses of ocean that flit past.
She knows she’s responsible for this.

#

Lunch time.
The school cafeteria’s abuzz with talk of the dead kid at Silage Antiques in Yachats.  Typical small town talk – nobody would care in a real city.  But everyone loves a mystery in a small town.
Turns out the guy was from Federal Way, Washington, and was not in need of money at all.  
Why would he break into the antique store?  Why would a guy whose 2007 Acura SUV was found two blocks away need to steal anything?  The crime makes no sense.
Except to Ashley.  She knows exactly what he was doing there.
Her bidding.
Paid for with her mother’s credit card.
She quickly stands and puts her tray on a trash can.  It falls to the floor as she scoots to the rest room and locks herself in a stall.  She starts to hyperventilate.
She’s going to go to jail.  Or her mom will.  Or both of them.  And that guy is DEAD.
DEAD.
She opens her laptop and reaches out to the world, but none of her contacts are online.
She is alone.

#

After school, Ashley walks back past the Silage shop.  The activity of this morning is gone – only the yellow tape remains.
And the eyes.  
She can’t see them, but she can feel them, somewhere deep within the store.
Black.
Peering out at her.
She looks straight ahead and walks faster.
Her hand is so shaky it takes her ten seconds to unlock the front door.
She bursts in and slams it shut, locks the bolt and slides the chain.
Drops her backpack next to the piano, opens the lid, and pours out her soul into the keys.
Misery.  Anxiety.  Abject fear.
Other, darker sounds begin to emanate from the instrument.  From her.
A sense of power.  Control.
Then it passes, and she reverts to a more chaotic rhythm and melancholy melody.
Hopelessness.
Where had that fleeting sense of strength come from?
She stops abruptly.  A reflection in the glass of a framed photo on the piano stops her heart.
She whips her head around in time to see him duck away from the window.
Silage is gone.
But he was there.  
Watching her.  
Listening to her bear her soul – a mordant incision into her private world.
He must know she was involved in the break in.
Ashley runs to her room and closes the door.
She grabs her cell and sits on her bed, her feet curled under her, rocking, waiting.
She hears the door open downstairs.  Footsteps up the stairs.
She dials 9-1-1.
Her doorknob turns.
“Hi honey.”
“Mom!”
Ashley bursts into tears as she cancels the call before it can connect.
“What’s wrong?” Mom rushes to her bed and sits beside her, holds her.
“Oh Mom!” Ashley sobs.  “He was watching me!  While I played!”
“Who was watching you play?”
“Silage!  Jonas Silage!”
“Oh honey, I don’t think so.  He’s been at the police station all day dealing with - with what happened.  You must be creeped out by the whole idea of prowlers in our neighborhood.  I know I am.”
“But I saw him.”
“Look, I know he isn’t around here because I passed the police station coming home and his car was still there.”
Ashley knows better – she saw what she saw.  But she wipes her face and sucks in ragged breath.  “Fine.  Um, do you work tonight?”
“No, it’s Thursday.”
“Good.  I don’t want to be alone tonight.”

#

DING –

Tanner89 is ONLINE.
Tanner89 is requesting a private chat.  YES / NO.

Ashley hears the “ding” from the bathroom, finishes squeezing a zit, and turns out the bathroom light, closes her own door and sits on the bed.
She clicks “yes.”

Tanner89: My guy is dead.
Ashes2Ashes: I know.
Tanner89: This is not good.
Ashes2Ashes: I know.
Tanner89: It’ll never trace back to you, though – my guy is invisible – completely under the radar.
Ashes2Ashes: K – but 
Tanner89: Is JS still bothering you, or was his experience with my guy enough for him?
Ashes2Ashes: He peeped in my window tonight.

The cursor blinks for ten full seconds.

Tanner89: I’ve got one more option for you.  Now that blood has been spilled, I may as well offer you this.   You do realize you are in deep, right?
Ashes2Ashes: Yes.  What’s the offer?
Tanner89: I have another guy.  Well, I have a guy who has a guy.  With that many brokers, the price will go up some.  But you’ll get every penny’s worth.
Ashes2Ashes: I hope so.  So far, seems like I’ve been wasting my money.
Tanner89: For $10k, JS will be gone forever.  And this one is guaranteed.
Ashes2Ashes: 10k??  That’ll wipe my mom out!
Tanner89: Or, you can let JS wipe YOU out.  Your choice.

Ashley rested her head in her hands for a few moments.

Tanner89: Limited time offer . . . your card expires tomorrow. 
Ashes2Ashes: Do it.

BLIP BLIP –

Tanner89 is OFFLINE.

Ashley flops back on her bed.  She can’t believe that she just bought a hit.
You can buy anything online.

#

Ashley passes the antique store, walking to the bus.  It’s Friday.  Halloween.
She sees some kids in costumes – skeletons and ghosts, and the perennial Spiderman.
She gets on the bus, feels like everyone is watching her.  
Watching the girl who hires hitmen.  Some costume.
A short email this morning from Tanner stated that the job would be done by Saturday night.  Apparently it took some time to import the right talent.  Ashley decides she’s okay with that.  It’s only two more days.

#

Mom works every Friday night – no restaurant worker gets that shift off.  That leaves Ashley at home to answer all the trick-or-treaters.
It’s a pretty light year – only six doorbells with a total of ten kids.  Must be the rain.
Ten o’clock.
Doorbell rings.
She opens it and stares into the face of Jonas Silage.
“Trick or treat.”  He quickly scopes out the inside of the house from the doorway as the stunned Ashley finally slams the door in his face and bolts it.
She runs to her room and throws herself on her bed and sobs. She can’t wait for Mom to come home.
That night, Mom doesn’t come home.

#

Mom is usually home by three at the latest on a busy Friday night.  By four, Ashley is ready to call the police.
Instead, the phone rings, and she jumps out of her skin.
“Ashley Lane?” A clear male voice asks.
“Yes,” she answers timidly.
“This is Captain Will Michaels with Oregon State Police, Criminal Investigation Division.”
Ashley starts shaking.
They’ve found out.  They know she hired a murderer.
“Yes?  Um, how can I help you?” she says, struggling to maintain control in her voice.
“It’s your mother.  She’s in the hospital.  A car will be coming to pick you up and take you to Samaritan Pacific Communities Hospital.”
“What happened?”
“We’d rather talk to you about it in person.  Just stay put and we’ll be there shortly.”

#

The waiting is torture, but eventually there’s a knock at the door.  Ashley sneaks a look out the crack in the living room curtains, sees the car, and unlocks the door.
A tall State Trooper with a deep voice escorts her to the cruiser.
She arrives at the small red brick hospital, enters under the white arch labeled “Vistors Entry.”  She’s taken to her mother’s room on floor two.
Ashley falls on her knees beside her battered mother: oxygen mask over her mouth and nose, dark bruises under her eyes and cuts on her cheeks.  She doesn’t look like her mother, she looks like pain.
“She’s in a coma now,” says the nurse.
“What happened?” Ashley is getting agitated with the lack of answers.
Captain Michaels enters the room and guides Ashley to the hard plastic chairs just outside the room.
“Ashley, I’m the one who called you.  We found your mother outside her workplace near her car.  She was attacked and left for dead.”
Ashley wants to vomit.  Tears spring from her eyes.  
Captain Michaels moves a hand as if to put it on her shoulder but pulls it back as if thinking better of touching her.
“Did you catch him?” she says through her tears.
“No, but he left a note.  I’m going to read it to you; it may help us to track down the suspect.  It says, ‘play for me again, Ashes.  Don’t disappoint me.’  Do you know what that means?”
Ashley cries for a full minute.
She can’t say anything now – not now that she’s in so deep.  A man died because of her.  And now this.
“No,” she finally says.  “I have no idea what that means.”

#

Ashley stays with Mom in the hospital until Sunday morning.  By now, Jonas Silage should be dead.
She needs to get home and get online, find out what’s going on.
She realizes the credit card company is going to wonder what’s going on, too, and takes her Mom’s cell phone with her.  If they call, she’ll pretend to be her mom and say the charge is authorized.

#

Ashley returns home to her deathly silent house.  Her grandma is supposed to arrive from Omaha Tuesday to help out.  Until then, the house is cold, quiet, dark.
Ashley walks through and puts on every light, closes every curtain, locks every door.
Nothing seems real.
She sees her laptop on the bed, and the strange reality of her life reaches out and grabs her by the throat.
She’s heard no news of Silage’s death, and until it’s confirmed, she just won’t feel safe.
She needs information.  She needs to touch her world.  She opens her laptop and boots up.
Two days of email are stacked up in her inbox.
A note from Tanner89.

Ashes2Ashes,
Bad news.  We’ve been ripped off.  My guy’s guy made off with the payment.  The job is a no-go, and you’re out the 10k (and I’m out my commission).  Sorry.  This never happens.  I still can’t believe it myself.
You’re on your own now.  Do not reply to this message – just delete it and empty your trash.  Do not contact me again.  It’s for both of our own safety.
Good luck.  >Tanner89

Ashley stares at the screen in disbelief.
Nothing’s changed.  She’s out ten thousand dollars.  One man is dead.  Mom is – 
- she chokes on the thought.
She still can’t accept it.  Still in shock.  It just doesn’t seem real.
But he’s real.  And he’s still alive.
Ashley steels herself and makes a decision.  Perhaps it’s a crazy decision, since right now her world is a crazy nightmare.
She decides to take things into her own hands.
If you want something done right, you gotta do it yourself.

#

Ashley uses a web search to make a simple purchase online.  It wasn’t that hard to find.  It’s amazing what you can find online.
She pays the extra to have the pill shipped overnight.

#

Monday morning finds a small package in the mail.
Ashley skips school today - as is expected.  After all, her mother is in the hospital.
For the first time in a long time, she puts on makeup, and slips into a dress.
Not her usual comfy attire, but she’s going for a look.
Something that will be . . . irresistible.
She grabs the contents of her package and makes her way to the Silage store.
The sign on the door says “CLOSED FOR REPAIRS,” but she knows he’s home, in the back somewhere.
If life – this moment – wasn’t already so surreal and detached from true life, she would feel downright silly in this dress and makeup.
If she didn’t feel like she was dreaming, she’d be scared stiff at approaching the lair of her stalker, the abode of the man who’d just attacked –
She pushes the thought away.
It’s only the thought, not the feeling that drives her actions now.
She goes around back to see if there’s a way in, her fear replaced by numbness around her heart.
The back door is ajar, and she slowly pushes it inward on its creaky hinges.  It’s dark inside, but her eyes quickly adjust as she steps inside.
The house smells like fish and dirty socks.
She doesn’t care.
A tinny radio in another room plays a country tune from decades ago.
She rounds the corner into the tiny kitchen, where dishes are stacked in the sink and rusting pots hang from hooks on the wall.  A number of flies are circling the counter and pitching on an open cube of butter.
Ashley steps through the kitchen and into a dining room.  She hears snoring coming from another room.  
Perfect.  He’s asleep.  Now she won’t have to bother trying to trick him into a meal.  She can just do it and be done.
The snoring ends with a loud choking sound, and she hears Silage stir.  The snoring resumes.
She enters his room and stands over him.
His twisted smirk climbs across his face, lifting his jowls slightly.  Dreaming.
She suppresses her revulsion.  She reaches her fingers between her breasts and pulls out a tiny green pill.
Cyanide.
You can buy anything online.
She carefully moves her hand toward his face, to drop it into his slightly open mouth.
She can feel his fetid breath on her wrist.
He grabs her forearm with lightning speed and holds it like an iron rod.  She can’t move.
His eyes shoot open and he laughs the laugh he did that time with his brother the cop.
Like he’s invincible or something.
Or smart.  Which he is not.
But he is strong.
Ashley winces and stops struggling, realizing it’s doing no good.
“Just what are you up to, Ashley?”
He doesn’t see the pill.
The pill that was knocked to the floor somewhere when he grabbed her arm.
She doesn’t answer him.  This is not part of the plan.
“Alright then, I’ll tell you what you’re up to.  You’re going to play for me.”
He gets up without letting go of her wrist, and leads her to the next room, where a baby grand sits under a sheet.
He whips off the sheet with his free hand, tosses it aside and says, “Play.  Play the Darkness.  Play it again for me.”
He lets go of her wrist and she sits at the piano.
She starts off slow.  A few little runs, some simple chords.
The momentum builds.
In her dreamlike state, her life a distant drama playing on the theater screen of a drive-in she’s passing in the bus, she feels the music calling her, pulling her, squeezing her more than ever – from the pit of her stomach, through to her extremities.
She composes in the moment – a growing crescendo of power – the notes ringing through the house, resonating, bouncing off some of the antiques and being absorbed by others.
The music speaks of anger, and power, and pain, and great sorrow.  It speaks of solitude and loss.  It speaks of death.  Brooding.
It speaks of retribution and darkness and light.
It washes over her.  Cleanses her.  Empowers her.
She glances up at a gold-trimmed mirror across the room.  She sees Silage standing behind her, rapt.  His eyes are closed and he sways as if buffeted by the sound waves as they flow from the piano.
Ashley pounds the keys with even more resolve and passion, the music becoming a frenzy of madness and love and hate.
She looks again and sees that Silage has completely zoned out, in a world of his own.  She keeps playing, but part of her mind starts to wonder how she can find that cyanide pill and get it into his slimy mouth.
“What are you doing?” he suddenly barks.  “Bring it back!  Play the Darkness!”
It’s like he can read her mind.  
He’s reading her heart by listening to her music.  When she pulls herself out of her creative place to plot her next move, he notices.
It troubles her deeply that someone so evil and disturbed could know her so intimately.  Did she make things this way?  Had she unwittingly invited blackness to know her soul when she’d reached out to the universe with her music all those nights?  Had she touched evil with her seducing sounds?  Had the Darkness been her siren song to the devil himself?
“I said play the Darkness!” he shouts.  “You’re not doing it.  Do it.  Play the Darkness.”
He closes his eyes.
Ashley clears her mind and pours herself back into the music, her fingers pounding and dancing and jamming and sliding across the keys, up and down, down and up the length of the piano.
The tones are deep and melodic and full of passion, minor keys and sharps - growing, building into staccato thrusts within a moody crescendo.
She is now lost in the flow, all thoughts of cyanide and revenge and personal safety and Mom replaced with the Darkness.
After a few minutes, Silage places his hands gently on her shoulders, his hot rough palms touching her exposed skin.
“Okay.  Go now.”
Ashley stops playing.  She shakes herself out of the stupor, the spell broken.  Confusion rips through her mind.
She was certain she would be raped or killed when her cyanide plot failed, but now he’s letting her go.
“Come back.  Please,” he pleads.  “Tomorrow.  And play for me some more.”
Ashley nods, her eyes wide, and quickly slips out the way she came in.
She doesn’t remember the walk back to her house, entering the front door, or climbing the stairs to bed.

#

Ashley is awakened by her laptop.

DING  – 

LazyDazy is ONLINE

LazyDazy: U there, Ash?

Ashley rubs the grit out of her eyes and squints in the morning light.  She’s slept all day and all night.
She can taste her breath – like cardboard.  She’s still wearing her dress.  Stiff and sore, she reaches to her night stand – her lifeline is never far out of reach – and sits up to type.

Ashes2Ashes: Yes.
LazyDazy: What’s going on?  I haven’t heard from you except for the weird email you sent me last night.

Ashley wonders what email she’s talking about and checks her SENT folder.  She reads the email she doesn’t remember sending.  Time stamp 12:02 a.m.

laze,
it’s the darkness
it’s me
i’m to blame  it’s all me
the darknessssssssss

No sig line.  Unless that last line is the sig line. 
Ashley reads it over three times, then goes back to the instant message.

Ashes2Ashes: Sorry, I don’t remember sending that.  Things are really messed up right now.  I’m messed up.
LazyDazy: What happened?  Has Tanner taken care of JS?

Ashley tells her everything – the dead man at Silage’s, Silage peeping in her windows, her mother.  Her purchase of cyanide online.
The only thing she leaves out is the music.  She can’t explain the music.
The Darkness.

LazyDazy: O. M. G.  I am so sorry, Ash.  I don’t even know what 2 say.
Ashes2Ashes: There’s nothing 2 say.  It is what it is.
LazyDazy: What are U going 2 do?
Ashes2Ashes: I don’t know.  I’ll talk 2 U later.
LazyDazy: Okay.  Let me know if U need anything.

BLIP BLIP –

LazyDazy is OFFLINE.

#

The grandmother Ashley hardly knows should arrive sometime today.  Ashley sits in the kitchen eating a bowl of dry cereal – the milk’s gone bad.
She can’t stand this house anymore.  Too many memories.  Too silent.  And too close to Silage Antiques.
And he’s expecting her today.
What’s he going to do if she doesn’t show up?
She can’t go on like this.  
She won’t be his captive. 
She decides this may the opportunity she needs to put an end to this.  The invitation into his lair is a way to get in - if she’s prepared, she can make it worth it.  She won’t even have to sneak in, she can just waltz right in and – 
- and what?
Ashley thinks.  She looks around the kitchen.  A big knife is too obvious, and the thought of spilling blood sickens her – besides, he’s shown he knows how to use a knife himself, so she’d be toast if he disarmed her.
No, she needs something else.  Something he could never use against her.
Her only tool, her only weapon is inside her.
She makes her decision.

#

Ashley knocks on the door of Silage Antiques.  She’s dressed in her normal attire of jeans and sweatshirt.  No need to dress up – it’s not her body he wants – it’s her soul.
He opens the door, wearing his usual greasy overalls over a wife-beater.  She can see his bushy black armpit hair and the morbid tattoos up his arms.  The blackness in his eyes has a slight twinkle she’s never seen before.
He moves aside and wordlessly ushers her in.  Closes the door.  Locks it.
Ashley knows where she is supposed to go, and leads the way to the back room with the piano.
She turns around to see Silage holding up a pill between his grubby, stubby fingers.
“You lose something yesterday?”
Ashley says nothing, her eyes widening slightly as she fights to hide an involuntary gulp in her throat.
“I hope you weren’t planning anything . . . unfriendly,” he whispers.  
She shakes her head nervously.
“No funny business today,” he growls.  “I just want the music.”
She pulls an mp3 player and portable docking station out of her sweatshirt pocket.
“And that’s what I’m here to give you,” she says.  “Is it alright if I hook this up – for a little accompaniment?  I recorded myself, and I want to do a duet, play off my own sounds.”
He frowns.
“It’ll be like I have four hands,” she assures him.
His corkscrew grin creeps across his face.  “Wait here, I’ve got something even better than that docking station.”
He shuffles out of the room, and she hears him rummaging deep in the bedroom.
She steps back into the kitchen and turns the gas on all four stove burners, only to one quarter turn each.  A gentle hiss.
She’s waiting for him at the piano when he returns carrying a huge pair of speakers, one under each arm, clutching a plastic bag in his teeth.  He thumps the speakers down and takes the bag from his mouth.  He pulls out several wires and adapters.  He sets the speakers up each side of the piano, shoving stacks of cardboard boxes out of the way, loose papers floating to the floor unheeded.  He leaves the room again and returns with a high-output receiver and proceeds to set up the mp3 player and speakers, running through the amplifier.  He turns it on, turns it up.
“There,” he says.  “Now play.”
She sits at the keyboard and takes a deep breath, clearing her mind.  She hits PLAY on the mp3 player.  And she places her fingers on the keys.
Her live tune and the tune she’d prerecorded begin to dance and touch each other like a pair of lovers discovering one another’s bodies.  Entwining and caressing and brushing against each other with heat and trembling.
Silage sits back in an overstuffed recliner he’s moved into the room since yesterday – his own personal musical theater.  He leans his head back and closes his eyes.
Ashley pulls the notes from the deepest places in her heart, ominous and swirling, a whirlpool of sin and hatred and evil, sucking like gravity as it fills the gray room like a sullen fog.
A black serenade.
The sounds are crisp, cradling Silage in a cocoon of negative energy.  Ashley nearly loses herself in the pit of despair the music is digging around the two of them.
Ashley detaches a small part of her consciousness from the production of the tenebrous music to pay attention to the accompaniment.  She listens to the sound blasting through the speakers – rumbling the floor and shaking the antiques around the house – so much more effective than her docking station would have been.
As planned, the prerecorded music begins to crescendo and supersede her own playing, and she scales herself back imperceptibly, the soundtrack gradually taking over for her.  She’d overlaid a second backing track which is now starting to take over for her, so there are still two parts, even though she is now barely playing the live piano.  The effect is very gradual and very hard to detect in the wicked maelstrom of sound.
She checks over her shoulder and Silage is in ecstasy.  His eyes have rolled back in their sockets and his lids are fluttering softly.  His face twitches every now and then as a particularly strong passage washes over his body and meets his ears.
She is no longer playing live.  She looks at him one more time, and he appears to be in a trance – wrapped in the blissful blanket of gloom and unaware of the world around him.  
She silently stands and carefully exits the room, one cat-like step at a time.  She reaches the kitchen, where she can smell the gas strongly now.  Looking back at Silage, he seems asleep, but she can detect a gentle sway of his head in time with the Darkness that is enveloping him.  She turns all four burners up to full and heads to the front door.
She stealthily unlocks it and creeps out of Silage Antiques and crosses the street.  Pulls a cell phone out of her pocket and dials her own number.
Atop the piano, the screen lights up on her cell phone, with three letters across the display:

- MOM -

The static discharge from the cell ignites the gas, and Silage Antiques explodes with a boom so deep it knocks Ashley on her butt.
Burning debris flies in every direction, the flames soar into the sky as a pillar of fire – the heat from the blast is intense, enough to incinerate any evidence she may have left inside.
There’s not much left of the building as a cloud burst begins to drop water on the raging scene before the fire department can respond.
Just embers.
And ashes.

- end -



* * * * *



Pod N


The brakes squeaked with an eerie whine as the white Chevy Silverado’s knobbly tires crunched to a stop in the dusty gravel and blackened twigs along the narrow fire road, high atop the San Bernardino Mountains near Banning Pass.  A layer of black dust and ash covered the vehicle – from the orange-and-yellow light bar on the roof, down the doors with their worn CALFIRE decals, to the bent and tarnished running boards.
Unit Chief Jacob Long had not believed the call when it came in from Hal Cooper.  A diver stuck in the treetops sounded just plain nuts.
Long stepped out of the truck and sniffed the smoky air, tipping back the brim of his red hard hat.  Visibility was still pretty low, even though the air tankers and the ground crews had managed to contain, control, and finally knock down the six-hundred acre blaze early yesterday afternoon.  An inversion had trapped the particulate matter from the valleys to the peaks, making breathing difficult, and seeing further than a few hundred yards impossible.
Cooper, just three months from retirement, climbed out of the passenger side and pointed up, pulling his sunglasses off with his leathery left hand.  “Right there.  You see it?”
Long followed Cooper’s outstretched arm to the highest branches of the charred pines at the top of the low ridge alongside a rocky ravine that ran by the fire road.
And he saw it.
“Yep.  Sure does look like a body,” said Long.  “But I think it’s just a wet suit or something.”  He reached into the Chevy and pulled a pair of dark green Bushnell binoculars off the truck’s dashboard and peered up at the out-of-place sight.  
“He dead, then?” asked Cooper, squinting and scratching at his scalp through his gray hair.
Long shook his head and said, “I still can’t make it out.  Let’s see if we can’t get it down.”
He replaced the binoculars and reached into the bed of the truck, slipping on a pair of work gloves and grabbing a filthy Stihl chainsaw.
The two men hiked to the base of the tree, climbing over fallen timbers, some of which still had thin wisps of smoke escaping from their scorched ends.  They kept glancing up to make sure they were approaching the right tree.  When they reached it, Long took a breath, then yanked on the starter cord of the chainsaw, breaking the silence of the gutted forest.  He placed the spinning chain near the base of the tree, and felled it within two minutes of the first cut.
The tree fell toward the fire road, cracking through splintered, burnt limbs of nearby trees as gravity got the best of it.  The smoky air was augmented by the smell of fresh sawdust.  As Long shut off the saw, and the tree settled in its new resting place, the silence returned, louder than ever.
The wet suit had bounced out of the limbs after the tree hit the ground, and landed about ten yards from the side of the fire road in some blackened weeds.
As Long and Cooper reached it, they saw that it was more than what it appeared in the binoculars – it was a dead man wearing a wetsuit with full SCUBA gear.
“Well, I’ll be,” muttered Cooper.  “How’d you think he got up there?”
Long, who spent many of his off-hours surfing the web, found his mind connecting to the memory of a stray email about an urban legend – one that resembled exactly what they had on their hands.
“Well, there’s an old story about a diver picked up in the sea by an air tanker and dumped on a wildfire,” Long said, rubbing his chin as he squatted down to get a closer look at the corpse.  “But that’s just it – it’s just a silly story.  It seems extremely unlikely that it would actually happen.  Our tankers, on this fire, didn’t even collect any water from the ocean – they used Big Bear Lake.”
“Could he have been divin’ in the lake?”
“I don’t think they do any recreational diving there, but I suppose he could’ve been on a rescue dive or something,” said Long.  “But it just doesn’t add up.  Our tankers wouldn’t have scooped near a rescue operation on the lake.”
“Guess we better call the coroner,” said Cooper.
“Yeah,” said Long, staring at the body.  “I’ll radio it in.”

#

 “Look,” shouted Autumn Bellamy, slapping her palm down on the steel desk of Sergeant John Lilokalani, “I haven’t seen Chance in nearly three days!  I need to know what you are doing about it!”
The bustle of the squad room momentarily hushed, highlighting her outburst.  Tears welled up in her bloodshot eyes and she shoved a strand of blond hair behind her ear.  “I’m sorry,” she whispered, rubbing her eyes and looking down.
Her husband of nearly two weeks had not shown up three nights ago after a day of diving off Hanauma Bay, up the road from Waikiki, Hawaii.
Lazy ceiling fans moved the humid air around without actually managing to cool anything down.  Sergeant Lilokalani nervously shuffled some papers before glancing at the clock on the wall, then looking at the young woman and responding.  “Mrs. Bellamy, I am sorry.  We are doing all we can.  Unfortunately, a number of swimmers, surfers and divers are lost off our coast each year.  The ocean is beautiful but very dangerous.  And I will be honest with you – after three days, the probability of your husband being found alive is – is quite low.” 
Autumn stared back at the native policeman for a moment, the look in her eyes rotating quickly through an incomplete grief cycle – denial, anger, bargaining, and depression – then skipping right past acceptance back to denial.  She looked out at the blue sky and palm trees through the blinds in Lilokalani’s office.
Then she spoke quietly and evenly, even as tears trickled down her flush cheeks.  “Chance is not dead.  I know it – I can feel it.  We just have to find him.”

#

Chance Bellamy couldn’t breathe.
He couldn’t feel his arms, or his legs.
He couldn’t see or hear.
But he was awake now – that much he knew.
He felt no physical sensations at all – not even that of floating.  Perhaps he was in a sensory deprivation chamber.
That made more sense than disembodiment.
He struggled for several seconds with the urge to inhale sharply, then remembered his diver training and calmed himself.
After a few moments, he realized that he didn’t need to breathe.
Perhaps he was on a ventilator.
An accident at Hanauma Bay?
He thought back to the clear, warm waters.  The tropical fish gliding around him in yellows and blues and golds and reds as the sunbeams cut through the waves overhead.
Then what happened?
A horrid image flashed through his mind.
A machine.  With moving appendages and clear, bright silvery eyes.  It spoke to him without words, in what seemed to be English, yet was more meaning than diction.
“Subject: Earth-1100010110.  Human.  Male.”
It was not speaking to him, it was speaking about him.  The voiceless voice moved through him like an ocean wave, muffled, distorted, yet full of power.
“Transfer life to Pod N.  Discard container.”
And then it had all gone black.
Chance now willed himself to perceive.  
Anything. 
Anything other than his own thoughts, and the scattered, terrifying memories.
Memories that made no sense.
He felt like he had been ripped from his body like an animal being skinned, the hide tossed away to reveal the flesh and blood within.
Slowly, he started to see.
Not with his eyes, but with some other organ – like a drug trip gone bad.
He saw fuzzy light all around him, but no distinct objects.
Then the light focused and resolved into the astonishing machine-creature from his tortured memory.
“Subject is integrating,” said the creature, its solid silver eyes betraying no emotion.
Soon, Chance could also hear.  Or what passed for hearing.  A low throbbing sound and some random blips and beeps.
He struggled to speak, but had no lips.  However, his message was somehow communicated.
“Where am I?  What is happening to me?”
“Subject is self-aware, individual, inquisitive.”  The machine moved to a control panel of some sort, its appendages touching several instruments in succession.
“My name is Chance Bellamy.  What have you done to me?”
“Exchange successful.  Pod N integrated,” said the creature.
Chance somehow willed his vision to look down at himself.
He no longer had a body.
He saw that he was existing in a spherical pod of clear glass, about the size of a watermelon.  He “looked” around the circular chamber and saw several other such pods.  Each contained a faintly glowing gas swirling in the center.
“Your body has been returned to the approximate location of its habitat,” said the creature.  “You will exist with us, now, and we will learn of your species.”
Chance Bellamy willed himself to scream, but only a petrified silence escaped his sorrowful mind as a vision of Earth slowly shrunk into the distance.  

#

In his twenty-one years as San Bernardino County’s chief coroner, Bill Rexburg had seen a lot of really weird things.
But nothing compared to this: a SCUBA diver found dead in a treetop, a hundred miles inland.
A fingerprint analysis easily identified the man – a thirty-two year old named Chance Bellamy, from Springfield, Missouri.  A call to Springfield P.D. indicated the man had been reported missing by his new bride three days ago – in Hawaii.
Given the odd circumstances, an autopsy was authorized, and Rexburg quickly got to work in his squeaky-clean examination room.  The wetsuit had already been peeled off, and the body lay naked on the table.  Rexburg let the Brahms continue to play on his iPod, choosing to dictate his findings later from his photographic memory.  
The body had no signs of foul play, other than the bumps and knocks associated with having tumbled from a falling tree – injuries clearly sustained post mortem.  
Some tests on his tissues placed his time of death at only nine hours ago – about an hour before Hal Cooper had first spotted him in the tree.
Weirder still, an analysis of the moisture in the wetsuit showed it to be seawater.
How could this man have got from Hawaii – or even from Long Beach - to the San Bernardino Mountains, still wet, in such a short time?
But the toughest question of all was the cause of death.
When Rexburg cut into Bellamy’s brain, he found no indications of asphyxiation, no trauma, no clues.
He also found no dendrites.
At a microscopic level, the catalysts of brain synaptic activity had somehow been completely wiped from this man’s brain matter.
Rexburg stepped back from the table, pulled the iPod buds from his ears and let them dangle at his side, his mouth slightly open and his hands trembling for the first time in two decades of slicing open corpses.

#

“I’m so sorry, Mrs. Bellamy,” said Sergeant Lilokalani, stepping around his desk to put a hand on the grieving woman’s shoulder.
Autumn looked up at him through a stream of tears, her shoulders shuddering with her sobs.  “You’re sure it’s Chance?  How – how can it be?”
“We don’t know yet how he got there – there will be a full investigation - but the fingerprints confirm it is him.  Also, you may identify him from the images I was emailed – if you feel up to it.”
She didn’t want to, but something compelled her to nod her head.  “Yes – let me see the pictures.”
Lilokalani turned his flat screen monitor around so she could see it.  He clicked on an icon and with no further warning a sharp photo of Chance’s face filled the screen, his eyes closed, his skin pale.
Autumn covered her mouth with her hand and shut her eyes tight, nodding tersely.
Lilokalani quickly turned the monitor back around, then took a seat at his desk.  “We will learn the truth of this matter,” he said quietly.  “We will find out what happened, and why.”
Autumn looked into the officer’s eyes.  “Why did I feel like he was still alive, when he wasn’t?  Why?”
To that, Lilokalani had no answer.

#

Chance Bellamy - or what used to be Chance Bellamy – listened carefully to all that the creatures said – to him, to each other, to the other beings in the pods.
Time seemed to pass slowly as he grew accustomed to his new environment and his new existence as a collection of thoughts with no physical form.
He longed to be with Autumn – to let her know he was not really dead.
After what felt like a month, he got his opportunity.
The creatures were able to somehow manipulate matter, and would cause the pod spheres to disappear from time to time, eliminating the containment field and allowing the prisoners to float around the lab as the creatures performed experiments on them.
The next time it happened, Chance was ready.
When the barrier dropped, he willed himself toward the wall of the chamber with all his might, and found himself penetrating the wall.  But part way through, he was blocked.
He turned and raced through the inside of the wall, following the path of least resistance.
Through conduits and wires, he sped through the ship at the speed of light, finally finding a weakness – an energy exhaust port that opened to space.
He was free!
He willed his thoughts toward Earth.  It didn’t matter that he didn’t know the way – he just focused on the destination and allowed the universe to pull him there.
Some time later, the solar system came into view.
He zoomed past Jupiter on his way in, through the Asteroid Belt, and soon closed in on Earth.
Through the clouds he rushed.
To North America.
To Missouri.
To the city of Springfield.
Home.
He entered the bedroom where she lay awake in the summer heat, her thin silky night gown mingled with the sheets in their dimly-lit room.
He stopped centimeters from Autumn’s face.
She was older – much older now, with strands of gray clinging to the sides of her now-lined face.  She looked about fifty.  But still beautiful.  And sad.
He wanted to touch her.  He tried to speak, but could not.
He reached into her mind, and touched her thoughts with a gentle kiss “hello.”
He felt her catch her breath.
“I live,” he whispered to her mind, the thought simple and clear.  “I live.”



* * * * *



A Sense of Souls
Black.
That’s probably what you think of – when you think “blind.”
Well, no, I don’t see black.  “Black” implies a visual experience.  Black, the opposite of white.
A shade.
Darkness.
None of that means anything to me.
Maybe it would be different if I’d been born sighted.
But my vision – the sense that doesn’t make use of my useless empty sockets – defies descriptions that you would understand.
What I see, when I “look” at you – it’s like tasting the sun, smelling tomorrow, hearing the moment of conception.  It’s like feeling the breeze of millennia.
No pictures, as you call them, fill my head.  Instead, I am embraced by a non-visual image as I sense the true reality.
I call it the vibe.
Many say, “seeing is believing.”
I say, all you who rely on your eyes are deceived, and missing out on the fundamental haecceity of all things – that immutable truth which can only be perceived in what you call “the dark.” 
The dark is where the real light is.
It’s where I see.
Where I vibe.

#

I heard it coming, so it didn’t surprise me.
I felt the molecular bonds stress as metal crunched against metal, heard the last gasp of life escape the unseatbelted child in the back seat, tasted the gasoline in the air, and smelled the fear in each individual – the driver of each car, the witnesses.  Each with his or her own degree and peculiar quality of fear.
And I saw the little victim as he entered the realm of my vibe.
He was a sweet little soul.  Confused at first, as they all are.  
He walked right up to me and started talking.
“What happened?” he asked.
“You – you were hurt,” I mumbled.  Anyone watching would think I was crazy, talking to myself.
“No I wasn’t.  I feel fine.  See?”
He hopped from foot to foot, proving his wellness to me.
It was always hard to help people understand – but kids were the worst.  It’s one thing to try to convince a grown person that they’re dead, and a whole other thing to try to convince a child when they don’t even have any grasp of what death means.
Not that adults really understood much better.
When it comes down to it, we’re all just babes in the woods when it comes to all this life and death stuff.
“Well,” I said, “you feel fine, because your hurt went away already.”
“Hey lady, why don’t you have any eyes?”
“I was born this way.”
“Does it hurt?”
“No, I feel fine.”
“Just like me!”
“Yes, just like you.”  I heard the sirens approaching, though they were not yet audible to the distraught crowd that had formed around the wreck.  “What’s your name?”
“Gavin.  What’s yours?”
“I’m Brooke.”  Beyond Gavin, I heard a moan come from his car.  His mother was trapped.  She realized her son was dead, was struggling to scream for him.  The gasoline was about to ignite.  Despite the best efforts of the bystanders to pull her out, she would be on fire by the time the rescue vehicles arrived.
Gavin turned around to look at the accident scene.  “That’s my mommy,” he said, pointing at the crushed vehicle, his voice strained.  “My mommy’s hurt!”
“The fire trucks are coming,” I said.  “They’ll help.”
I started to walk away.  “Come on,” I said to Gavin.  “We’ll need to get out of their way so they can do their jobs.”
I just wanted to lead Gavin away from the scene.  He really didn’t need to see his mother burning.
Since I couldn’t take him by the hand, I had to just hope he’d follow.  Sure, I could perceive the dead, but I couldn’t touch someone who had no body.
“Come on!” I said once more.  Gavin tore himself away and came with me, as one of the onlookers looked in my direction, wondering who I was talking to.
As we turned the corner, I heard the fuel ignite.  No explosion, just a slow consuming of vinyl seats, carpeting, clothing, and flesh.  The trapped woman, too weak to cry out, began to succumb to the flames.
Then the trucks arrived, and as crews worked to knock down the fire, a pair of firefighters implemented the “jaws of life” and extracted Gavin’s mom.
I could smell the scorched skin and hair on the wind.
She would live – but miserably so.
Since she wouldn’t be joining Gavin, it looked like I was going to have a companion for a while.
#

Gavin felt to be about six years old at the time of his death.  He was a bright little boy, and he asked me lots of questions.
Some I simply answered, others I struggled to explain, still others I had no idea of the answer – and I told him as much. 
After all, I wasn’t an expert in life after death – I was just a woman who could converse with those who’d crossed over.
“You said you’re waiting,” he said the next morning, after spending the night at my apartment.  “What are you waiting for?”
I enjoyed being around Gavin.  Dead people were so much more real than the living – they were less . . . contained.  They were vivid to all my senses, unlike the living with their masks and pretenses and lies, their styles and perfumes and habits, their secrets and passions and motives.  Their obsession with their bodies and their fixation with time.
The dead were straightforward and open.  Honest.  Patient.
And children were the best of all.
“Well,” I said, sitting down on the soft couch next to him, “you have some relatives who are going to come for you.  They just need to find you.  That’s what I’m waiting for.”
“Relatives?  Who?”
“I don’t know – maybe your grandparents?  Are your grandparents alive?”
“No – they died when I was little.”
“Then it’ll probably be them.”
“But they went to heaven.”
I sighed.  “I’m sure they’ll explain everything to you when they come.”
“Well, can’t you just call them?”
“No.  It doesn’t work that way.”
To be honest, I wasn’t quite sure how it did work.  But I knew they would come – it was just a matter of time.
The dead occupy our world – at least, they are located in the same space, albeit their existence is . . . shifted.  To my senses, this world is a lot more crowded than it appears to most people.
But I don’t know how to contact specific dead people.  Most of them ignore me, as they’ve become accustomed to ignoring most living people.  Some watch over the loved ones they left behind.  Others struggle in vain to influence the world of the living.  Some sit around like mental patients clawing at their own reality, rejecting their circumstance, dancing with denial.  Some seem to have it together, others seem desperately lost.
I’ve never met any leaders or organizers among the dead – they seem to mostly be independent beings – except some do gather into families.
And that was my hope here – that some dead relative would come for Gavin.
“So we just sit around and wait?”
“Yeah.”
“Wanna play a game?”
“Like what?”
“I dunno.  D’ya like checkers?”
Checkers would not work.  We needed to play something that did not involve Gavin having to manipulate the physical world.  It would be a very long time – if ever – before he learned how to do that.
We needed a no-touch game.
“Nah,” I said.  “How about I Spy?”
“Okay.  But wait – you don’t have any eyes – how can we play I Spy?”
“You’ll see,” I said.
“Okay.  I’ll go first.”  Gavin slowly turned around, examining the room.  My vibe perceived his eyes resting on several items before he finally said, his voice taking on a sing-song quality, “I spy, with my little eye, something beginning with . . . R.”
“Hmm,” I said, absorbing the room’s contents, sifting through the inventory like I was digging through a sock drawer.  “Radio.”
“Aww, how did you know?”
I shrugged.  “Just lucky, I guess.”
Actually, I knew the moment he chose the radio.  I felt it inside.  The radio was my best friend – my link to the world.  As soon as Gavin focused on it, I felt a little tickle in my gut, and recognized it as my precious radio.
Besides – there were only three things in the room that started with R.
“Okay, your turn,” he said, sounding a little disappointed at how quickly his turn had ended.
“I spy, with my little eye, something beginning with – oh!”
I was interrupted by the sudden appearance of a man and woman, standing inside my front door.  I could perceive they were elderly – and kind.  
“Gavin!” said the woman, smiling.  “What are you doing here?  We’ve been looking for you.”
“We thought you’d be at the accident,” said the man, glancing around, looking right through me.
“I was.  But Brooke brought me here to wait.  Is Mommy okay?”
“You mother is going to, uh, she will be fine.  In time,” said the woman.
“Who’s Brooke?” asked the man.
“She’s my new friend,” said Gavin.  He turned to me.  “Brooke, this is my Gramma and my Grampa.”
Gramma and Grampa looked my way, seemed to see nothing, then squinted and concentrated.  “Oh!  Well, hello, Brooke,” said Grampa.  “Didn’t see you there.”
“I understand,” I said.  “That’s because I’m living.”
Gramma looked shocked.  “You’re living?  And you – you can see us?”
Grampa stepped toward me, staring at my face.  “But – you don’t even have any eyes.”
“I’m sure that’s why I do perceive you,” I said.
“Hmmph.”  Grampa shrugged.  “I’ve heard of your type, but never met one.  Certainly never heard of a blind one, though.”
“There are others?” I asked.  “Others like me – who can see the dead?”
“Sure,” said Gramma.  “I know people who’ve been seen by the living.  It’s uncommon, but it happens.”
“Well, I’m glad you found Gavin,” I said.  “He’s a wonderful boy, but I think he was starting to get a little bored here.”
“You do this a lot – lead little boys away to your apartment?” asked Grampa.
“No, no, of course not.  I just – well, I didn’t want him to, uh – to see what was happening at the accident scene.  You know.”
Gramma nodded in understanding.  “Ah. Thank you, dear.”
“Anything we can do for you?” asked Grampa, taking Gavin’s hand and shuffling back toward the door with his other arm around Gramma.
“No, thank you,” I said.
“All right.”  They kept walking.
“No, wait!  Actually,” I said, “Is there any way you could put me in touch with other people like me – people who can see the dead?”
Grampa smiled.  “I think you misunderstood, Sweetheart.  There are those who have seen the dead, but not those who see the dead.  It’s a one-off phenomenon.  Folks who are close to death themselves, people in traumatic situations – even some crazy people.  The occasional little tyke.  But it’s always temporary for people.  Nobody sees the dead all the time.”
“I do.”
“You do?  Oh.  Well.  As far as I know, you’re the first.”
“But it’s possible, right?  There might be others – others like me?”
“Anything’s possible,” said Grampa.
And then they left – walked right out through my closed door, hand in hand.

#

My conversation with Gavin’s Grampa pushed me into an emotional corner for a while.
Being born with no eyes had always made me an outsider – subject to the judgments of others.  Some considered me a freak, and chose not to hide their ignorant fear and distaste.  Others unsuccessfully tried to hide their revulsion, their good intentions unable to cover their unkind thoughts.  None of them realized that I could see right through them – that I could perceive their souls in all their dark swirling illness or bright happy glory.
Rebel that I am, I chose not to wear sunglasses or use any other methods to hide my different appearance.  I refused to be another mask-wearing zombie.  I am who I am, like it or not.
But that was a choice that contributed to a lonely life.
Stubbornly, I insisted that if I couldn’t be loved and appreciated for my own specific beauty, then they didn’t deserve to have me, anyway.
So I became more and more isolated from the world.  Sure, I got out.  But I felt best right there in my apartment, with my beloved radio.
After talking with Gavin’s Grampa, it struck me that maybe there was someone out there who could understand me.  Someone who didn’t care about my appearance, who didn’t need to gaze into a pair of eyes to experience the real me.
Someone who wouldn’t consider me a freak for seeing the universe as it really is.
Someone I could share my special reality with.
But how could I find such a person?
Unfortunately, the first answer to pop into my head seemed idiotic.
Funerals.
If I was already considered a freak, surely an eyeless woman loitering at burials would get me labeled a downright menace.
But it made the most sense – funerals seemed the most likely place to run into others with my abilities.  When I first developed a sense of souls – in my teens – I crashed a number of funerals.  I wanted to discover just what it was that I could do, figure out how and why, learn more about myself.  Like a pubescent kid experimenting with her developing body, I was curious, a little ashamed, and had no one I could talk to about it. 
So I cruised the cemeteries on Saturday afternoons.  I’d stand off a ways, out of sight of the mourners, and after the final stragglers wandered back to their limousines, I’d go visit with the dearly departed.  I got to meet some great people that way.  It was during that time that I started to prefer the company of the dead.
I found them refreshing.
None of them judged me or looked at me oddly.  They were often confused, sometimes sad, but mostly they were just people trying to make their way in their new existence.
But after a couple of years of graveyard get-togethers, I realized I needed to return to the land of the living.  One kindly old woman who’d lived an incredible life of love, pain and sacrifice, talked me into getting on with my life.
Her name in life had been Ada Moulson.  She’d emigrated to the United States from England as a little girl, and her family had struggled hard to carve out a good life.  She explained to me that I needed to make the most of my time – she convinced me to live my life.
“You’re young – full of vibrance,” Ada had said.  “I’m sure those who’ve passed away appreciate having you around – I know I do – but Dear, people who are yet to pass on could certainly use what you have to offer as well.  And they can offer things to you that we – the dead – cannot.”
So, I stopped visiting funerals, and, for a time, I made a go of it in the mortal world.  But gradually, I withdrew into my own space.  Disappointment after disappointment pushed me down.  Before too long, I found myself listening to the radio most of the time, only leaving the apartment to buy my essentials with my disability check.
But now, it was time to return to the cemeteries.  I needed to find some friends – maybe even one special friend.
Only this time – I’d be searching among the living.

#

Now that I was seeking it, it was easy to find.
At the second funeral I attended, I vibed her.
She was standing back, wearing a dark dress like the other grieving people in the crowd.
Only, she wasn’t grieving.
She was just . . . waiting.
When everyone left, this tall, slim woman with a fuzzy, stuffy aura that made me choke a little, slowly stepped toward the grave.  She leaned down, and instead of placing a flower by the headstone, her lips moved, and I heard her whisper, “Yes, that’s right – I’ve been here all along.”
I started to walk toward her – to introduce myself – to let her know that we shared a kindred ability. 
Then I vibed him.
The dead man she was talking to.
He was sitting beside his own marker, gently rubbing his hand along the edge of the dark gray granite.
He was melancholy.
As I approached, I could perceive that the woman wasn’t really seeing him.  She was just talking for her own benefit.
“That’s right, Sterling.  You may have been too clever by half, socking away all the money so can’t get to it – but I got the last laugh, didn’t I?  And while you’re rotting, I’ll be figuring out how to unlock those investments.  So long, sucker.”
I stopped in my tracks.
I was still far away, and out of her line of sight.
With her last statement, Sterling spoke up, smiling slightly, his chin raised defiantly.  “You’ll never be able to touch it, Marcia.  And I hope you spend the rest of your pathetic life trying.”
Marcia seemed to get a chill.  She stood up straight, stared down at the grave with disdain, and attempted to spit on it.  A brief gust of wind redirected her spittle onto her shoulder, instead.  She wiped it off with her cuff, then marched off toward the parking lot without looking back.
I waited until she had driven off before moving to the grave.  The head stone simply read STERLING M. REEVES 1976 – 2012.
“Hello, Sterling,” I said.
“Hmm,” he said aloud to himself.  “I’ve never seen her before.”
“Sterling,” I said.  “I’m not just talking to a grave, like Marcia was.  I’m talking directly to you.  I know you’re sitting there, beside the marker.”
He did a double-take.  “Uh – what?  You can see me?”
“In case you haven’t noticed,” I said, “I have no eyes.  I can’t see anything – at least not as most people understand it.  But I perceive you.  I know you’re there.  I vibe you.  And, of course, I can hear you talk.”
He stood up slowly, scratching his head.  “That’s amazing.  Well, what – uh – what do you want?”
I started to answer, but all the words that came to my mouth sounded silly in my head before I spoke them.
I came looking for other weirdoes like me?
I was cruising the graveyard looking for a date?
I hoped to meet someone who wasn’t revolted by my eyeless face?
“I just wanted someone to talk to, I guess,” was what I ended up saying.
“Well, you’ve come to the right place,” said Sterling.  “I’ve got nothing but time – and nobody else to talk to.”
I liked Sterling already – he was soft and kind, understanding and gentle.  He didn’t demand or expect anything from me.  And he didn’t seem the least put off by the smooth folds of skin that stood in place my eye sockets.
“So, how did you die?” I asked.
“That’s always a good ice breaker,” he said.
I laughed.
I realized it had been a while since I’d done that.
“Sorry – I understand that’s kind of personal,” I said.
“So, when did you start seeing – er, I mean, vibing – dead people?”
“When I was a teenager,” I said.  I loved that he was using my terminology.  No one had ever done that.
We talked until after the sun went down, chilling the air.
“I better go,” I said at last.
“Will you come back tomorrow?” he asked quickly.
I wasn’t used to being wanted.  “Um, sure.  I’ll come back.”
“And bring a picnic.”
“A picnic?  Hate to break this to you, Sterling, but you don’t have a body.  No more food for you.”
He chuckled.  “No, no, I won’t be hungry – but I was thinking you might be.  At least, if you’re willing to spend a few hours with me.”
A few hours.  I really was wanted.
“Thanks.  Maybe I’ll do that.  Well, good bye.  For now.”
“Bye.”
That night, I couldn’t sleep.
I was starting to doubt if I should return to the cemetery.
Sterling was all the things I’d gone seeking after – a kind, funny, smart, attractive guy.  
Who actually liked me for who I am.
But then there was that whole dead part.
I started to think maybe I was deluding myself.  Just because I could vibe Sterling, didn’t mean I was supposed to be getting too close.
After all, what kind of future could we have together?
I tossed and turned.
When I finally passed out, I dreamed strange dreams of car crashes and picnics with zombies.

#

In the morning, I got up and made myself pretty, put together some snacks, and headed out to Memory Meadows.
“I was worried,” said Sterling, who was pacing around his own grave.  “I thought you might not come back.”
I smiled.  “I said I would, didn’t I?”
We enjoyed a deep conversation throughout the morning and into the late afternoon.  Eventually, I ran out of snacks and water, and had to leave for the day.
I visited him daily over the next couple of weeks.  He started opening up to me.  He talked about his death.  He told me all about Marcia – how she’d married him for his money, betrayed him, tried to steal his fortune, and eventually murdered him in cold blood.
She was a smart one – never got caught.
But Sterling was smarter – he had his lawyers tie up all his finances such that Marcia would never see a dime.
Sterling was fascinating, funny, and full of life.
For a dead guy.
“Why in the world did you ever marry such a shallow, cruel and calculating witch?” I asked.
Sterling rubbed his chin, shook his head.  “She deceived me, plain and simple.  Played me for the sentimental, romantic old fool I am, I guess.  She pretended to be interested in my work, kissed up to my family.  A real Academy Award winner, she was.”
“I’m sorry.  When did you start to suspect she wasn’t – wasn’t in it for love?”
“Things started to deteriorate about a year ago.  The mask started slipping from her face – more and more.  Then she just seemed to give up – like she’d grown impatient.  I’m not sure what she was waiting for, but she no longer wished to wait.  So she went on the offensive.”
“I take it things got ugly.”
“You could say that.  The last few months of my life, we weren’t even living in the same house.  She was spending all her time trying to triangulate on the financial empire – to get herself a slice of the pie.  Thing is, I think I’d have given her half of everything I’d built if she’d just go away.”
“But she wanted it all.”
“Yes.  And I think she had grown to hate me – so she relished the thought of not just having it all, but of taking it away from me.  She wanted to hurt me.”
“And then she did.”
Sterling just nodded, then sat in silence for a minute.
“I’m sorry.  How about a happier subject?”
“Works for me.”
Sterling proceeded to ask me about my family.
“Uh, I thought we were going to move to a happy topic,” I said.
“Oh – sorry.  I didn’t know.”
“Well, it’s not like I had a horrible, abusive childhood or anything.  It was just – different.”
“Will you tell me?”
I sighed.  “Both my parents were blind.  I was an only child.  After I was born – like this – the doctors discouraged them from having any more children.  We moved around a lot when I was growing up.  My parents both died young – Dad when I was eleven, and Mom when I was thirteen.  And that’s basically it.”
“Have you ever talked to them?  I mean, since they passed on?”
“No.  I’ve never vibed them.”
I was bitter about that.  I wondered why they never came to visit me.  I felt a little rejected.
Getting to know each other was good, even if the conversation was not always easy.  A little later, we called it a day, and that night I longed to return to be with him again.

#

Over he next few visits, Sterling’s mobility improved, and we started getting out more – visiting locations off the cemetery grounds.
We even took in a musical play downtown – the first time I’d been to a show in many years.
I was happier than I’d ever been.

“So, how did you make your millions?” I asked one warm afternoon, about a month after we’d met.  
I sat beside his grave on the soft grass, smelling the flowers that wafted across the breeze from the other plots.  The sun made me tingle as it warmed my skin.  
Like many recently-deceased, Sterling’s mobility was very limited.  We’d strolled around the cemetery together a time or two, but he was easily exhausted, and he could never seem to move very far beyond the garden gates unless he was having a very good day.
I told him that would change with time, from what I knew about dead people.
So for now, we stuck pretty close to his “final resting place.”
“I was in bioengineering.  My company, Reeves BioTech, pioneered a number of organ-replacement technologies.  Maybe you’ve heard of us.”
“Nope.”
“We provided a new liver for our governor – completely synthetic.”
“Since the old one was too marinated in alcohol?”
“Yeah,” he laughed.  “His was the high-profile case, but it paved the way for us to help a lot of everyday folk who didn’t make the news.  We also developed other organs.  In fact, we were working on creating a bio-cyber eye when Marcia cut my work off in my prime.”
I caught my breath, but said nothing.
“What’s the matter?”
“Nothing.”
Moments passed.
“Do you ever – do you ever wish you had eyes?”
“For what?  I see far more than eyeballed people.  My perception is light years ahead of –” I caught myself sounding very defensive, indignant.  I didn’t like that tone in my voice.  “I’m sorry,” I whispered. 
“It’s all right, Brooke,” Sterling said.  “I understand.  In my line of work, I met a lot of people with different abilities.  I talked with many who’d lost eyes, ears, hands, legs, kidneys.  It’s tough to talk about, and it can be really difficult to balance satisfaction with one’s self, acceptance of the hand we’re dealt, and a yearning or striving for more.”
“That’s not it,” I said.  I brushed my palm across the bristly blades of grass.  “I don’t want eyes.  I mean, yes, it would be nice, I guess, to look normal, to fit in.  But if I had eyes – if I could see like regular people – I’d lose this.  I would lose the vision I have, which is far superior to mere sight.  I’d be constrained to the mundane world of light and dark, rather than the clear world of pure truth.”
“Peoples’ eyes deceive them all the time, it’s true.  But have you ever thought that your own vision may be imperfect?”
“What?  No.  I mean – no!  What I see is truth.”
“Okay,” said Sterling, “how do you see yourself?”
I had to think about that.  My self-image was not the healthiest.  “I’m a thirty-five year old woman with a good heart.”
“Okay.  I agree.  What else?”
“Uh, hmm.  I can cook a fine meal.  Too bad for you.”
Sterling chuckled.  “Nice.  Make fun of the dead guy’s inability to eat.  Listen, Brooke.  You are a tremendously beautiful woman.  You are intelligent, kind, talented.”
“You must really want me to make you dinner.”
“Why are you spending your time with a dead man?  You have so much to offer – you should be out there – somewhere – getting married, having kids, living life.  Why do you sell yourself short?”
“I’m – I – I don’t want to go be with other people.  And they don’t want me.  I just like being with you, Sterling.  You accept me for who I am.  You expect nothing from me.  You make me happy.”
“And you bring me joy, Brooke.  I’m happier spending time with you than I ever was in life.  Your insights make me think, and you make me laugh.”
“But.”
“But – you have to realize this won’t work.  I long to reach out and touch you, to feel your skin, hold your hand.  But –”
I felt the same way.  I wanted to run my fingers through his hair, and wrap my arms around his chest, bury my face in his neck.
I wished we’d met when he was alive. 
It made me wish I was dead.

#

Over the next few weeks, Sterling tried to convince me to start seeing other people.  For my own good.  And for his – it was driving him crazy that he couldn’t hold me and kiss me.
We both knew it couldn’t last – not like this.
One day, late in the fall, when the leaves carpeted the cemetery, wet and cool, a low mist hung in the air as the morning sun struggled in vain to burn a hole through the moisture.
Goosebumps covered my skin as I approached Sterling’s grave.  
It wasn’t the chill air – something else was going on.
“Sterling?”
“Right here.”
“What’s wrong?”
“She was here.  She came to spew her hatred, not even knowing that I am here and can hear her.”
“Nice.  I’m sorry, Sterling.”
“Why are you speaking my dead husband’s name?”
The voice from behind me was colder than the frost that covered the shadow behind the head stone. 
“Look out!” Sterling cried. 
I turned around just as something hard came down on my skull.
The pain washed over and through me like a thick, fast-moving river of misery.  My stomach turned.  I felt the blood trickle down my face, across my empty eye sockets, over my trembling lips.
My sense of balance – normally unwavering – slipped away from me, and I stumbled, landing on my knees in the damp grass.
The poisonous voice of Marcia Reeves echoed in my ears.
“I don’t know what your game is, Weirdo, but you are not going to get a piece of my money!  Not!  One!  Dime!”
She punctuated each word with a club to my head.
Sterling yelled and scrambled in vain to protect me, but could do nothing, his clamoring arms passing right through Marcia.
He was still too newly-dead to be able to have any impact on the material world.
As Sterling fought and cried to no avail, I felt a pointy-toed boot kick me in the ribs as I rolled over onto my back.
The pain was so intense!  
“I’ve been following you,” Marcia continued.  “You’ve been going to all the old places I used to go with him.  Looking for clues, are we?  Well you can forget it!  The money is mine!”  She followed up her callous scream with a mumble:  “Just as soon as I can figure out how to get my hands on it.”
Marcia then went for the death blow: a rock to my head.
I vibed her wandering off, breathing heavily from her exertion.
Leaving me for dead.

#

“I’m here, my love,” said Sterling.
He was kneeling over me in the grass.
“Thank you, Sterling.  Thank you for trying to protect me,” I whispered.
“But I failed, Brooke,” he said.  
I felt his tears splash onto my cheek.
What is happening to me?
“Sterling.”
“Yes.”
“I’m – I’m dying.”
“No, Brooke, you’re not.”
Suddenly, I realized he was holding me in his arms.
I felt the light strike my eyes.
My eyes.
The pain was gone.
I looked around.
This was a new experience – actual vision.
And I saw his face.
And I reached out and touched him.


THE END


* * * * *



Surge

The crack of a rifle split the cold stillness of a misty October dawn.
Hunters.
Or, perhaps not.
As more and more shots rang out across the valley, it became clear whoever it was out there was not shooting at a deer – unless it was a deer the size of an elephant.
Vern Charles opened the gray wooden door of his cabin and stepped out onto the porch, facing east toward the sunrise.  He wore a pair of old blue jeans over his long johns, a thick gray wool jacket over his dirty t-shirt, and carried a steaming cup of cocoa.  He peered across the dew-covered field that stretched out and down toward the dark forest about a half mile away.
The sun, a blurry bright spot desperately trying to cut through the thick haze, had just topped the tree line above Hollow Ridge. 
Shots continued to crack and pop, coming from somewhere in the thick of the woods.
Then a man appeared, running out from between the trees, rifle in hand.  He looked back over his shoulder as two more men piled out, followed closely by a fourth.
Vern placed his mug on the rotting rail of the porch and picked up a green pair of binoculars out of the lone chaise that sat facing the action.  He raised them to his eyes, bringing the men into focus.
They wore faces of terror.
The group of men continued to sprint toward the cabin, stumbling as they crossed the field that was marshy in places, constantly looking back at the forest with dread.
As the men got about halfway to Vern, their pursuers slowly emerged from the forest.
Zombies.
“Dang!” Vern spat.  “Not again.”
He quickly moved into high gear, knocking over his cocoa as he rushed into the cabin to gather his weapons.
It had been nearly six months since the last surge.  Since then, he’d had several opportunities to make trades of supplies and stock up on what he hoped he would never need again: hollow-point shells.
Back in the Days Before, prior to the Great Collapse, Vern figured he’d be toast in the New Economy, as he didn’t have any marketable skills like “mechanic” or “plumber” or “farmer.”  He didn’t know how to fix wagon wheels, design crude irrigation systems, or raise crops.  And he wasn’t much of a horseman.
Sure, he could do manual labor, but his capacity was limited by his bad leg that caused him to noticeably limp on the right side.
Then he discovered, much to his delight, that the one skill he did have actually had a market in this new retro-world.
Stories.
This last case of hollow points had been a good trade for a four-thousand word short story he’d written in the margins of an old newspaper.  Something about time-traveling aliens, or some such.  Not one of his best, by any means.  But a case of hard-to-come-by hollow-points for an afternoon’s work was a good deal.
He loaded his weapon, then limped to the window to see four men approaching the cabin, now only about a hundred yards out.  He reached for his .22 handgun, sitting on the book shelf, and carried it outside with his rifle.
He fired the pistol into the air once.
“Stop where you are!” he called out.  “You’re welcome to hole up here and fight the zombies, but before you get any closer, I need to know that none of you is infected with the Undeath!”
“We’re not!” yelled the nearest man, a heavy-set fellow in his late forties.  “They never touched us!  They got two of our guys, but never touched the four of us!”
A man’s word was worth more than it used to be.
You’d think that in a lawless world, people would be more apt to lie, steal and plunder.  But as it turned out, with the law solely in the hands of edgy, gun-wielding citizens, people tended to choose honesty over a bullet to the head.
“Come on, then!” yelled Vern.  “Hurry up – I need time to set up the perimeter.”
The cabin was built against a steep rocky outcropping at the foot of the mountains – a defensible position that had only one way in or out – east.
As the four men scrambled over the low wooden fence surrounding the cabin, Vern got to work on activating his security measures: a number of spring-loaded “booby trap” devices placed about twenty yards out.  
It was a pretty ingenious system: each trap was designed to rapidly whip out a scythe at approximate head level, then would retract to its original pre-sprung position from the kinetic energy of the other traps – essentially resetting themselves automatically.  The system had cost Vern twenty short stories and a young adult novel.
Once the four strangers were inside the perimeter, Vern clicked the first trap into place, which in turn set all the other traps.  Decapitation, by blade or by bullet – or incineration - was the only “cure” for the Undeath.
Vern then looked toward the forest, peering through the binoculars, to see the zombies had only gained about three hundred yards of ground.  Already slow-moving in their tattered rags with their damaged, rotting bodies, they were hindered even further by the rough, soggy land they were trying to traverse.
“Looks like we’ve got about a half hour before they’re upon us,” Vern said.
He’d dealt with these types before.
The first time, three years ago, they’d taken his wife and his little boy.  
The loss had just about killed Vern.  
While grieving, he had written some of his finest work.  He hated the stories, though, for they’d come at too high a price.
He had to get rid of them, get them out of the house.  But in this world of want, he could let nothing go to waste.  So he sold them.
They were, ironically, his first story sales ever.
In the Days Before, Vern had been trying (diligently, but unsuccessfully) to sell his short stories and novels to New York publishers for several years.  His wife, Elena, had been a wonderful supporter of his career goal to be a big-time fiction author.  While he worked as a marketing writer for a technology company, he dreamed of the day that he could quit the day job and work from home, surrounded by his family, writing award-winning tales to ignite the imaginations of science fiction, fantasy, mystery and thriller readers the world over.
It never panned out.
But he never stopped writing.  And when the solar plasma bomb hit, and the world’s electronics were shut down forever, he had thought, at first, that his dreams were over.
Then, when he sold those first stories after Elena and Liam were gone, he realized first-hand an economic reality: the law of supply and demand.
He’d lived his life in a world that valued things one day, but discovered them worthless the next.  In a world with no electricity and no electronics, things like DVDs, CDs, iPods, computers, and TVs all became of no use in the post-electronic world of the New Economy.  
What did have value?  Food, clothing, practical skills.
And books.  Thankfully, Vern had been hoarding books for years.
Books filled the void created by the lack of mass-communication information exchange and entertainment to some degree.  Written stories replaced film (the way film had originally displaced the written word).  Local live performances of music and plays became more popular once again, too.
Being a writer suddenly wasn't such a bad thing after all, since entertainment options were diminished.  
With no more publishing houses, Vern no longer had a hope for the mass-production or distribution of his work, but at least he could produce it (and was no longer dependent on the acceptance of a publisher to produce or distribute his work).
Since there was a scarcity of new reading material due to the elimination of production and distribution, his work went up in value.  So, Vern sold handwritten copies of his stories.  They retained their value pretty well and could be resold after reading.
He became known as “the local writer,” a small taste of fame that dimmed after a while as his wares became as mundane to him as trading eggs for water, or wrench-turning for chickens.
He was doing what he loved, “living the dream” of writing fiction from home for a living.
But the dream was bittersweet – mostly bitter – as his desire to work from home had been fueled by a love for his now-dead family.
The dream was subjugated to this nightmare the world now knew.
“I’m Jack,” said the heavy-set man, “this is Keith, Sean, and Larry,” he finished, pointing to each of the other men.
Vern shook each of their hands in turn.  “Vern.  Vern Charles.”
“The writer?” asked Keith.
“Yeah.”
Keith had a bookwormish look to him – mid-thirties, slender, black-haired, a pair of repaired eyeglasses perched on his narrow nose.
Sean and Larry must have been about nineteen – strong, tough boys who’d have only been about eight years old when the plasma bomb had changed everything.  For them, this world was normal, the Days Before a vague childhood memory.
Liam would’ve been eight this year.  Vern pushed the thought from his mind.  “Well, guys, let’s take inventory.”
They knew exactly what Vern meant, and started emptying their coat pockets on the solid oak dining table.
After a few minutes taking stock, Vern said, “Well, this is not bad, and I’ve got a few boxes of ammo in the back, too.  But the question is, how many of them are there?”
“We saw about forty of ‘em in the woods,” said Jack.
Vern stepped to the window and pulled back an off-white curtain.  The surge of zombies was now a little more than half way to the cabin.  No more were emerging from the forest.  “Looks about right – maybe a few more.”
After the plasma bomb – a natural solar phenomenon – had wiped out the world’s modernity, another thing happened: people started getting sick.
Very sick.
Without the resources previously available, doctors and scientific researchers could not keep up with the mutating viruses.  Some thought the plasma bomb may have even created some of the new strains somehow – but there was no way to be sure of anything anymore.
Except that something horrible was happening to people.
Those infected with the Undeath turned into zombies in a matter of days – sometimes as fast as a few hours.  It was only transmitted by touch, thankfully.  If it ever were to go airborne, the human race would have mere weeks before they all became relentless, mindless, brain-eating zombies.
“Let’s load up,” said Vern.  “I think we can take this surge down.”  He started to remove the hollow-point shells from the boxes, one at a time.  “Let the perimeter defenses take out as many as possible before firing any shots.  You don’t need me to remind you that we need to conserve ammo.”
The four others nodded while they loaded.  The boys kept quiet, but Keith said, “You sound like you’ve run into them before.”
Vern finished loading and stepped to a drawer in the kitchen, pulled out a half-dozen long kitchen knives.  “I have.  A handful of times.”  He didn’t go into details – they were too painful to discuss with strangers.  “Here, take one each,” he said, handing out the blades.  “In case things turn south.”
“Fighting zombies hand-to-hand is a dangerous proposition,” said Jack, taking a knife and slipping it into his belt.  “One touch and you’re history.”
“Yes,” said Vern, “but if our guns fail us, and you can find any way to slice one of their heads off without getting touched, then a knife may be the only thing between you and life as one of the undead.”
Sean and Larry were peeking out the window, keeping an eye on the slow, dreadful approach of the surge.  “They’re getting close,” said one of the boys.  “About thirty yards from the perimeter.”
“Take up positions,” said Vern.  “And remember – not a shot until they’re inside the trap line.”
The five men found places near the windows facing east, but soon had to move to each side of the cabin as the zombies reached the perimeter and began to swarm around, encircling the property.
The pale, slimy beings – formerly human, as Vern somberly considered – began to be sliced and diced by the security devices.  Heads departed shoulders as the fully-dead dropped to the ground, only to be mindlessly trampled by the next wave of intruders.
Before long, a handful of zombies managed to clamber over the stacked fallen to avoid the traps and move in toward the cabin.
“Fire at will,” Vern called out to the others in the cabin.
A barrage of exploding bullets took the heads off several zombies.
Two made it as far as the porch, where Vern blew their heads off at near-point-blank range.
Then silence.
“We did it!” Larry cheered.
Then Vern’s face dropped into a horrified scowl as he looked beyond Larry’s shoulder.
Emerging from the forest was a surge unlike anything Vern had ever witnessed.
“Oh . . . my . . . there must be two hundred of ‘em,” was all he could muster as the swarm of bodies stumbled out of the trees like so many drunken vagrants.
Everyone turned to look, and Larry let out a little yelp.
“What are we gonna do?” asked Sean.
“We fight,” said Vern.
“We don’t have enough ammo,” said Jack.
“The perimeter will hold off some, the rest – we just have to make sure every shot counts.”
The men sat and waited for the surge to arrive – it was all they could do.  There were no other defensible positions in the area, they were far from any other living people, and given the shape of the terrain, the only way to get away would be through the oncoming horde.
After close to forty five minutes of tension, the first zombies arrived at the perimeter.  
Heads started flying.
But it wasn’t long before enough bodies amassed for the undead to begin climbing over the security line, as their predecessors had done barely an hour before.
Once again, the men steeled themselves and began firing.  It was a gory melee as dozens of zombies infiltrated the immediate area, only to have their heads blasted off by the powerful weaponry.
But the sheer numbers proved to be too much for the small band of would-be survivors.  Several zombies made it up the porch steps and began throwing themselves clumsily against the doors and windows, smashing through the glass with their grasping claws.
Several point-blank shots did away with them, but they were soon replaced by the next wave of creatures.
“I’m out of ammo!” screamed Larry.  Vern tossed him his .22 handgun, but Larry quickly emptied it trying to take off the head of just one zombie.  He then pulled out his knife and crouched in a corner of the kitchen.
Several minutes later, six zombies overwhelmed the cabin door and came after the men, whose ammo was now all spent.
Vern’s visitors all swiped at the zombies with their knives, cautious to not touch their attackers, yet eager to inflict damage.
Within moments, the men were cornered and quickly succumbed to the crowd of zombies and their appetite for fresh brains.
Meanwhile, Vern, seeing his situation was hopeless, retreated to his bedroom and barred the door against the zombies and the muffled screams of the men in the kitchen.
He grabbed a story he had written about his family.  This was the one joyful tale he’d written after the passing of his beloved wife and son – the one that helped him begin to heal – and the only one from that period that he had kept instead of selling.  
Vern sat on his bed and began to read the story aloud to comfort himself as he prepared to die.  It told of a happy young family and an adventure at the beach.  Vern immediately began to cry as he read it, but he kept reading it, louder and louder as the bumping and scraping and gnashing at his door grew in intensity.
As he got into the rhythm of the story, he started to notice that the attempts to gain access to his room were decreasing.  Finally, they stopped.
Curious, he kept reading aloud, but carefully unbarred the door and peeked out.
The zombies were still there – some of them with fresh brains on their lips – but they were just standing, stopped in their tracks.  
They seemed to be listening.  
Enthralled.
Some of them began to sit down as Vern continued to read the story.  The cabin was quiet except for a few muffled gurgles.
As he approached the end of the story, he started to fear they would resume their attack.
He was right.
He quickly grabbed a book off the shelf as they moved toward him, and began reading.  It was something by Asimov.
It didn’t stop them.
He reached for his stack of handwritten manuscripts and started to read one of his own stories again.
That did the trick.
The zombies stopped again and went back to their non-aggressive, entranced state.
It was a stand-off: as long as Vern kept reading them his own stories, the zombie onslaught was abated.  
After thirty hours of reading, Vern grew weak and weary.  His throat was dry, his eyes stinging.
Soon, he would fall asleep, and then the zombies would get him.
As he finished the last story in his personal inventory, the strange audience once again began to move forward.  Desperate, Vern started to make up new material, right out of his head.  
“Once upon a time,” he began with the cliché, not so hot at thinking on his feet, “uh, there was a group of people who paid a visit to an old friend.  They were sick – and he was a doctor.”
The zombies calmed back down and settled in for another of Vern’s stories – this one a live creation.
“The sick people didn’t realize how sick they were.  Many of them were so sick, they barely seemed alive.  Their minds were disintegrating, their bodies imperiled.  They craved something – they thought it was brain matter – but they were wrong.  They craved release from their tortured prison – from their walking death.”
Vern continued to speak as he placed his stack of stories back on a shelf.  “One of them,” he said, looking at what used to be a man, “had a patch of gray hair on the left side of his head, and his left eye dangling by a thread of muscles and nerves.  We’ll call him Fred.  Fred was barely aware of his own existence.  But Fred was nonetheless a leader.”
An idea was forming in Vern’s mind.  He hoped it would work.
“One day, Fred and his associates, while visiting their doctor friend, decided the best way to find peace would be to cleanse themselves of their disease – the only way possible.  Fred stood and-”
The moment Vern said the words, “Fred” rose to his feet.
“Fred stood up and picked three random friends to be his assistants.”
Vern watched as Fred slowly raised his bony arm and pointed at three other zombies.
“Fred instructed the assistants that they needed to build a huge bonfire.”
A gurgling sound came from Fred, and the three other zombies began to shuffle out the door.
“Fred explained that he and his friends were to be the fuel for the fire.  He explained that this was how it had to be.”
Fred, his assistants, and the twenty or thirty remaining zombies all made their way slowly out the front of the cabin and began piling themselves up on the lawn.
Vern followed, bringing a candle and the last of his current supply of fuel.
Like a pied-piper of the undead, he continued to tell his bizarre story to the group as he doused the pile of bodies with the fuel.
“Once the pile was ready, Fred, as their leader, climbed atop the pile, and the doctor, Vern Charles, lit a match that would bring healing to all.”
With that, Vern ignited the zombie-pyre.
“And they all lived happily ever after,” he mumbled as the flames rose, consuming the zombies.
As the creatures became charred and blackened, their shredded clothes enveloped in crackling flames, he thought that if only he’d been published back in the Days Before, his zombie-controlling writings would’ve been available the world over.
Perhaps he could find a way to disseminate his writings.  They were no longer mere entertainment – they were more valuable to a free and safe world than hollow-point bullets.
The acrid smoke rose into the darkening sky, and Vern collapsed from exhaustion.


THE END


* * * * *


BONUS: FLASH FICTION

Unsettling Things

Oh, no.  
I must do it again.  
I wish there were another way, but there isn’t.
Who knows what might be in there? 
Yet another reason I prefer to keep my nails so short that no white is showing.  At least that way nothing can get stuck under a nail, pressed up against that tender part where the nail attaches to the skin, lodging there like an unwanted guest.  
Unfortunately, it’s been a few days since I clipped my nails, and there is some white showing, practically inviting some tiny piece of debris to wedge itself in there.  
Some determined crumb is bound to make its way under one of my nails, and I’ll be plagued by its presence, feeling as one does when a particularly stubborn piece of meat is trapped between one’s teeth, unable to leave it alone until it is extricated.
But that’s not the worst of it.  
It could be sticky.  
Oh, how I loathe stickiness.  If it’s sticky in there, I won’t rest (or touch anything) until I’ve washed my hands.  The way it feels when your fingers stick together, involuntarily bound by some foreign substance, is almost too much to bear.  Washing my hands instantly afterwards is not fast enough.
Even worse, there could be something sharp hidden in there.  A pin, a needle – it puts me on pins and needles to think about it.  Maybe there’s a lost pair of scissors or a knife waiting to slice into my probing fingers.  There could even be a syringe – who knows where this thing’s been.
I’m not up to date on my hepatitis shots, so there better not be a syringe.
But there’s bound to be crumbs.  
Bread crumbs, cracker crumbs, cookie crumbs, crumbs that used to be something soft, but have dried up into some unidentifiable flotsam – all waiting there to escape their dark prison and hitch a ride on me.
Wasting no more time on my perfectly legitimate fears, I dive into the dark abyss.  I slide my hand in, and it feels cool on my skin.  
As expected, there are crumbs.  
There must be hundreds of the little castaways, huddled together, waiting to be rescued and see the light once more.  
I brush past them, feeling my way in the gloomy little cavern.  Cautiously, I slide my hand back and forth, pushing deeper into the fissure, hoping to find my quarry before it’s too late.
It’s too late.  
I somehow managed to find something sticky.  With a three year old in the house, it could be anything.  I am not going to sniff my fingers afterward, because I just don’t want to know.
Moving toward the back of the space between the cushions, my hand strikes something hard.  
Smooth.  
With little rubber buttons.  
Eureka!  
I have found it.  I reach my fingers around it and slowly pull it from its hiding place and place it on the end table.
Tiny threads, hairs, and a few escapee crumbs are lodged between the buttons.
Once again, the remote control has been snatched from the murky depths of the couch.  Once again it is redeemed from the fate of eternal darkness amidst all the other lost items.  Why it is so drawn to that dire pit of doom I will never know.
As I dash up the stairs to wash my hands, I struggle to pick the crumbs out from under my nails and feel thankful that there was nothing sharp lurking in those cushions.
This time.


All stories © 2011, 2012 Michael D. Britton / Intelligent Life Books

MORE BOOKS AT WWW.MICHAELDBRITTON.COM

	
* * * * *

SNEAK PEEK: 
An excerpt of the techno-thriller ASSASSINWARE


PROLOGUE

Scott Faraday was not used to this.
He’d spent his career with the CIA – and before that, with the Navy – as a nameless, faceless cog in a wheel.
Just doing his job.
Doing it remarkably well, but doing it under the shadow of anonymity.
Yet here he was, going public.  Well, sort of.
Maxine Miller had first approached him at his favorite D.C. internet café, eBrew - at the time, he was surprised that such an attractive woman would be interested in him.  She sat down close enough to him that he could smell her flowery perfume and feel the warmth of her body.  But after a few minutes of conversation, it became clear that all she was after was his story.  Once his emerging ego was quickly put back in its humble place, he agreed to the interview, on the condition that his identity would remain undisclosed.  And that it take place in a location with fewer people around.
Now he sat in a neighborhood park near his Ingleside apartment with the Newsweek reporter – a petite blonde he’d once hoped was picking up on him – trying his best to do justice to one of the biggest cybercrime stories of the decade.  Under his black leather jacket, his left arm was in a sling.  In his right hand, he held a bottle of water.  As usual, he needed a shave.
“Tell me about your partner, Simon Jakes,” she said, brushing a strand of sunshine-colored hair behind her ear and poising her well-manicured fingertips over her laptop keyboard that sat atop her tight skirt.  A small digital recorder sat on the bench between them, the bright morning sun, low in the sky, reflecting off its shiny surface.
Faraday sighed, and a puff of water vapor floated out of his mouth in the cool late-September air.  “What do you want to know?  I mean, Jakes was – he – he was a great agent and a good friend.  He had a real sense of humor, you know, the kind of guy who everybody liked.  And he knew how to motivate people – a persuasive guy.”
“What about his death?”
Faraday shook his head, looking down at the gravel walk, still covered in a thin veneer of frost.  “It all went down so very quickly.”
Maxine gently placed her hand on his forearm.  “Just let the words come, Scott,” she said, her big, dark eyes looking surprisingly empathetic, for a reporter.  “Don’t worry about how it sounds.  I’m a writer – I’ll make it flow just fine once it’s in print.  It may be hard to talk about your friend’s death, but this story will have much more impact if you can explain how everything occurred.  So, just relax, and tell me all about it.”
Faraday took a sip from his water bottle, then began to paint the picture.  “We were in the closing action of a very long-term operation.  I was running the op out of headquarters in Langley.  It all came down to this – it was time to make the bust.  We had a team in the field, ready to shut down a big ring of Seattle-based corporate data black-marketers . . . ”

#

Scott Faraday sat at the helm of the CIA’s counter-cybercrime operation team in a black leather high-back office chair, surrounded by an array of at least two dozen flat screen computer monitors ranging in size from twenty inches to forty-six inches, all displaying full-color images and data streams.  
The lighting in the room was subdued – most of the illumination coming from the bank of screens and the blue-glowing control panels.  The smell of hot dust from the heavy-duty computer network mingled with stale coffee and a leftover pizza from a long night of surveillance.
Faraday wore an earpiece-microphone and his strong hands flew over the smooth-surface keyboard as he relayed commands to the S.W.A.T. team on the ground, thousands of miles away in Seattle.
He moved his right hand to a delicate joystick device that he used to maneuver a remote camera and zoom in the image.
His team was closing in on the hideout of a group of heavy players in a ring of thieves stealing sensitive corporate data and selling it to the highest bidder.  These were the guys who ran the actual auction site – shutting down these punks would put a serious dent in business.
Simon Jakes, Faraday’s partner, was closing in on them from the electronic side while Faraday directed the ground team.  
Suddenly, Jakes erupted in anguish.

#

Faraday stopped telling the story and sunk into silence.
“What happened?” asked Maxine.  “How’d he die?”
To Faraday, she seemed poised on the edge of her seat like a salivating hound waiting for its master to release a dangling steak.
“I can’t tell you.”
“You don’t know?”
“No, I am not at liberty to say.  The information is classified.”
“Come on, Agent Faraday,” her voice was hardening, a contrast to the soft coaxing voice of a few minutes ago.  “This is the centerpiece of the story.  There are rumors that Jakes was killed by his computer.  Is this true?”
“I can’t comment on that.  Do you want the rest of the story, or not?”
“All right,” she said, sounding a little exasperated – like a man who’s been asked to stop and talk about his feelings right before intercourse.  “What happened after Jakes died?  How did you catch the perpetrators?  And why does the incident report show that you were alone when you brought them in – no backup?”
“There was no time - ” Faraday started.
“So the claims that your apprehension of the Seattle Six was motivated by vigilantism are false?”
“Completely unfounded,” said Faraday, his face stern.  A jogger passed by and he shifted in his seat before continuing.  “It took me a while, but using a data tracking technique I designed, the doors started opening in my investigation, and I was chasing down leads as fast as I could run - the rest of the Agency couldn’t even keep up.  In the end, it was just me and the six of them.  And in the end, justice was served.  So why the fabricated controversy?”
Maxine raised her eyebrows, then brushed aside the hair that was tickling her forehead.  “I didn’t make up the accusations, Mr. Faraday, I’m just telling you what I’ve heard over the past two weeks since the arrests.  You are free to refute the claims, as you just did.  But I believe the people have a right to know.”
“To know what?  That I took down six scumbags who got what they had coming?  Besides, I went easy on them – that is, I followed procedure to the letter, with the exception of having backup.  Nobody died.  It was a clean bust.”
“But you put all six of them in the hospital – one of them in critical condition.”
“We all checked in that day,” said Faraday, lifting his injured arm slightly and wincing.  “I took a bullet, too, you know.”
“I am aware of that.”
Faraday watched her tap a few words into her laptop.  “Well, if there’s nothing else, I’d like to call it a day,” he said, standing up.
“Actually, I really would like to know more about Jakes’ death.  Can you at least tell me if you feel it was preventable?  Given what you know now, what would you have done differently?”
“I don’t want to talk about this anymore.  Just take what you’ve got and write your story.”
She didn’t budge.  “The people have a right to know.”
“Do they?” Faraday said quickly, his voice rising.  “Why?  For the same reason they like to slow down and stare at traffic accidents?”
“I’ll ask again - was it preventable?  What would you have done differently?”
“Of course it was preventable!  What would I have done differently?  I’d have had better software.”
Faraday pushed himself up from the bench with his good arm and walked away without looking back.
As he walked briskly toward the rising sun between trees that were starting to lose their leaves, his mind revisited the part of the story he could not – would not - reveal to the reporter . . .

#

Suddenly, Jakes erupted in anguish.
“Scott, something’s happening – I – I – my hand, it’s – arrrrrrrggghhhhhhh!”
At the blood-curdling scream, Faraday spun around in his chair and watched as his partner of two years stood up at his desk then fell to his knees beside his own office chair, his right hand held in front of his shocked face like a monstrous, bubbling boiling claw dripping blood from the pores.
Everyone in the office jumped into action and swarmed around the floundering Jakes as he collapsed onto his back and started to go into convulsions.  Two men tried to hold him down as a man and two women gripped his arm to hold his shaking hand still and try to figure out what was happening to the veteran agent.
Moments later, Jakes’ quivering body ceased its tormented throes, and he lay stiffly on the floor, his eyes wide open, staring the cold gaze of the dead, a trickle of bile oozing from the corner of his slightly open mouth.
It had happened that fast.  
One moment, his partner and friend Simon was working at his computer, trying to infiltrate a black market website – the next he was in unspeakable pain as his life was drained out of him like a high speed download.
The scuffle of action and sudden death of Jakes distracted Faraday from the operation at a crucial juncture, and the mission fell apart.  The ground location turned out to be a dummy – a shell system run as a decoy to throw off the authorities.  It blew up in a fiery blast as the S.W.A.T. team entered, killing half the squad.
Faraday would’ve caught it in time if he’d not been torn away from the computer screens at the last moment. 
More blood on his hands.
 Now everyone in the room scrambled to try to deal with the new situation at hand as the ground team struggled to regroup and figure out where to go next.  
Everyone except Faraday, who just stared at Simon.  
As he stood over his dead friend, he was shaken, but determined to get to the bottom of it – to make someone pay.  
He was still composed enough to examine the mouse on Jakes’ desk.  The black hunk of polymer had mostly melted away, corroding the edge of the keyboard along with it.  Faraday scraped a small sample into a clean teaspoon from Jakes’ top drawer, and ran it downstairs to the lab as fast as he could.
An hour later, Jakes was being wheeled out of the building on a gurney, zipped into a dull black bag.  Faraday watched bitterly from the front steps as his friend disappeared into an Agency meat wagon.
Someone tapped him on the shoulder, making him jump.
“What?”
“Agent Faraday – I thought you’d want to know right away,” said the lab technician, a bespectacled, thin-haired man in stereotypical white coat who stood about a half a foot shorter than Faraday’s six foot two.  “The substance you brought us – it was a toxic morphogenic compound – highly corrosive, deadly poisonous when absorbed through the skin.”
“How did it get inside this building?”
“Uh, that’s the thing.  It didn’t, exactly.  It came in through the internet.”
“What?”
“Like I said, it’s morphogenic.  It was sent in as a data stream – a program with instructions to use nanochem to literally transform the polymers in the mouse into the substance that killed your partner.  It was a targeted kill.”
“Assassinware,” Faraday said under his breath.

#

Faraday shook himself from the memory.  He’d walked out of the park and all the way back to his apartment without even noticing how much ground he’d put between himself and the reporter.  As he unlocked his door, he angrily muttered once more the words with which he’d left Maxine Miller: better software.

CHAPTER ONE

Scott Faraday sat at the sidewalk tables outside eBrew under foreboding gray skies, sheltered by a red-and-white striped umbrella, sipping a fake chocolate diet shake through a straw while he checked his email.  He scratched at his stubbly chin – maybe he should’ve shaved today – then ran his hand through his thick dark hair.
He braced himself against the chilly air.  November in Washington D.C. had a way of creeping up on you like a predator.  Still, he’d rather be out here alone and chilly than inside with all those . . . people.
It had been over a year since he’d sat at this café with his old partner, the late Simon Jakes.  Since then, he’d caught the programmer behind his death and closed Jakes’ final case, using his own software solution (and a daring single-handed, guns-blazing take-down) to shut down the cybercrime gang that was selling corporate secrets to the highest online bidder.  It felt good to finally put them behind bars.
Not that it would bring back Jakes.
Now Faraday had become accustomed to working alone, having turned down the opportunity to work with three different partners.  He and Jakes had been a good team, and good friends.  But Faraday liked how it was now – only responsible for himself and for cleaning up the world one cybercriminal at a time.
The diet shake he sipped at tasted like carob-infused cardboard, but at least it might help keep the weight off.  He’d gained thirty pounds after he’d started at the CIA nine years ago, and managed to lose twenty of them in the last six months, just by drinking the disgusting shakes.
The wind was starting to pick up, whipping at the ends of the umbrella and scattering abandoned copies of the Washington Post across the sidewalk and into the gutter.  Faraday could smell the rain in the air.  He glanced up at the darkening canopy and zipped up his black leather jacket.
Might as well go inside, since the wireless signal out here is nowhere near as good as advertised.
He slapped his laptop closed, dumped the remains of his nasty chalky shake in the tall wire waste basket by the door, and stepped into the bustling café.
The smell of fresh ground coffee and baked goods permeated the too-warm air, making his stomach grumble with hunger.  Faraday squeezed past a half dozen crowded tables to find an empty seat at the end of the counter.  He opened up his laptop and finished looking at his email, then opened an encrypted connection and administered the comments section of his blog, Cybercrime Memoirs.
Usually it was a simple matter of making sure the comments left behind by readers were not extremely offensive or divulging of national secrets.  Click, click, click and done.
Not today.
One comment caught Faraday’s eye – from someone with the username NonCredit Romeo.
There are many ways to kill a man.  As many ways as there are pixels on your screen.  Watch and learn, Faraday.  Look to Turtle Bay for six new ways today.
Faraday received the odd threatening or psycho-sounding comment every few weeks – usually from those tinfoil hat types who hate any and all government agencies.  He was about to delete it when his cell vibrated at his side.  He tapped the button on his earpiece to pick up.
“Faraday, go.”
“Graham, here.  Get your butt in here, Scott.  We’ve got six dead U.N. diplomats.”
Faraday glanced at his screen, at the words of NonCredit Romeo.
“Did you say six?”
“Yes, six.  And it’s definitely your department – they died sitting at their computers.  Just get in here and I’ll brief you.”
A soft tone sequence indicated Graham had hung up.  
Faraday moved his cursor away from the delete button on screen and logged out, closed his laptop, shoved his way to the front door and burst out onto the street.
He hopped into a cab that whisked him along the George Washington Memorial Parkway, past mostly-naked trees to the Langley headquarters of the Central Intelligence Agency.  The rain was just starting to fall as he ducked into the main lobby, then took the stairs to the fourth floor (part of his weight loss program).  He passed his ID across a reader at the door to the Directorate of Science and Technology.  The guard verified his photo and asked him to place his hand on a scanner, it pinged with a green light and he stepped inside.
Faraday placed his laptop on his desk and went straight in to see his boss, Henry Graham.
“Scott, you’re here.  Close the door and take a seat.”
Faraday pushed the door shut and sat in the black vinyl-covered armchair across from Graham.  Faraday could see the dark clouds through the blinds behind Graham, and heard the rain tapping on the glass.
“Scott, I want you to go to New York.  These U.N. people were all killed, somehow, by their computers.”
“Okay, back up a sec, Hank.  First, I need to know exactly when these murders occurred.”
Graham handed Faraday a file folder.  “Look for yourself.”
Faraday leafed through the file.  Photos of dead men and women, slumped over their computers or laying on the floor in tipped back office chairs.  Times of death: 9:08, 9:09, 9:11, 9:13, 9:14, and 9:16.
“Hank, there’s something you need to see.”
Faraday walked around to Graham’s side of the desk and leaned over his keyboard.  He pulled up his blog, logged in, and went to the comments administration interface.
Hank read the comment by NonCredit Romeo.
“You see the time that was posted?” Faraday asked.
“8:43.”
“Twenty five minutes before the first murder,” said Faraday.
“Have you tracked the source?”
“No.  I tried to get an IP on the way here in the taxi, but whoever left that comment really covered his tracks.  He’s routing his packets through at least eighty DNS servers around the globe, including a few Chinese servers with restricted access.  Whoever he is, he’s good.”
“All right,” said Graham.  “Get to Turtle Bay first, examine the evidence, then follow up on this NonCredit Romeo character.  There’s got to be a way to trace him.”
Faraday made his way out of the office at a brisk pace, stopping at his desk to grab two more diet shakes.
It’s going to be a long day.


CHAPTER TWO

Faraday arrived at the U.N. headquarters complex at Turtle Bay, New York, by yellow cab from the airport.  
The tall glass Secretariat Building looked like a giant gravestone as he pulled up under cloudy skies.
He walked in the front doors in his black raincoat with brown valise, provided his ID and was escorted to the twenty-seventh floor, where the first of the six assassinations had occurred.
The uniformed guard didn’t have much to say as they rode the fast-moving elevator and stepped out to an office area crowded with various law enforcement officers and detectives from multiple U.S. and international agencies.  
“In here,” said Man of Few Words, rounding the corner into a lobby criss-crossed with the standard yellow crime scene tape.
“Thanks,” said Faraday, stepping around a forensic expert who was placing something tiny into a baggie with a pair of long tweezers.
Faraday spent a few moments standing with his hands in his pockets, viewing the computer desk from a few feet away, getting a sense of the scene of the crime.  
This victim was the one who’d been thrust backward and onto the floor.  The chair remained in its tipped-over position, but the body was gone, represented by a white-taped outline that started on the chair and continued onto the floor, the arms splayed.  A few dark patches on the light gray carpet marked the spilled blood.
The image before his eyes made Faraday’s mind flash back to a vision of Simon Jakes sprawled on the floor of the CIA office, convulsing, and then ceasing to move.
He stepped carefully past some desktop items scattered on the floor near the desk – a handful of paper clips, two pencils, a red pen, a few sheets of paper, and a broken Museum of Fine Arts coffee mug.
Faraday scratched his head through his thick, dark brown hair and pulled out his PDA.  Graham had sent him the case file while he was on the plane from D.C.  He tapped at the screen and pulled up the first victim.
Jean-Michel Lumonde of France.  Assistant to Suzette LeFleur, representative on the Security Council.  Eighteen years working for the French government.
Faraday stepped back and bumped into someone.  “Excuse me,” he mumbled over his shoulder, not bothering to look at the person.  
“Excuse me,” said the woman, sounding perturbed.
Faraday brushed it off and stepped in to take a close look at Lumonde’s computer.  The tower was fried – blackened casing, melted moulding – but he’d still pull whatever was left of the hard drive to see if there was anything recoverable.
The interesting thing was the monitor.  A standard nineteen inch flat screen – but only the stand and part of the screen frame remained.  The rest had been blown out – and into Monsieur Lumonde’s face with deadly force.
Faraday started to form some theories about how this attack was perpetrated, and realized the next logical place to look was the point of incursion.  He turned and left the office, stopping to ask directions to the server room.
A U.N. guard at the office door pointed him in the right direction, and he took the stairs down six flights and followed the corridor to the west side of the building to the main IT area.  Once among the towers of black rack-mounted hardware under glass, with blinking lights and the steady hum of heavy-duty computing power, he felt the sensation of being “home.”  He spoke with the top techie on duty, but was denied access to the traffic logs.  
“Look,” said the IT guy, “I’ll tell you the same thing I told that red-head who was snooping around here.  Nobody sees nuthin’ without paper from my boss.”
Faraday apparently wasn’t the first agent to be asking questions, and not the first to get the door shut in his face.  He’d need Graham to pull some strings.
So he headed up to the twenty-ninth floor to check out the next victim’s desk.  The scene was much the same, only the body outline for this one indicated South Africa’s Jendasi Umulo had expired slumped over his desk.  The monitor here was intact, but the mouse was melted down and fragmented.  A blackened, sticky-looking substance puddled on the desk next to the mouse pad.  The room smelled like barbequed dog hair.
The smell immediately took him back to a year ago, and he pictured Simon Jakes’ violent death once more, imagining it must have been much the same for Mr. Umulo.  
This case was already haunting Faraday, and he’d barely begun the investigation.
He pushed aside the memory and took a look at the computer.  Again, the tower was a complete loss, but Faraday pulled the hard drive anyway.
The six dead diplomats were spread among four floors of the building.  It took half the morning to examine each workstation, and each yielded evidence of a different method of execution.  What they all had in common was the use of the computer as a weapon and the destruction of the hard drive.
Most likely, the damage to the hard drive was by design, rather than a by-product of the assassination.
Covering their tracks.
Very clever killer.  
Smarter than the one who’d killed Jakes.  That one had left recoverable evidence on the hard drive – a set of codes that Faraday had used to track down the killer.
Having seen all that was worth his time, Faraday decided to take a look at the bodies, all of which were in cold storage at the nearest morgue.
He went out to the street and jumped in a yellow cab to find a woman had hopped in from the opposite side at the same time.
“Uh, this is my cab,” he said.
“No it’s not,” she said, closing her door.  “I was here first.”
“You two loveboyds wanna let me know when you sorts this out?” said the cabbie over his shoulder.  “I gets a fare either way.”
“I’m headed to East 49th,” said the woman.  “Maybe we can share?”
Faraday forced a rigid smile.  “That happens to be where I’m going.  Maybe we can make this work.”
“East 49th,” they told the cabbie in unison.
The woman wore a black suit and shiny black pumps.  Her redwood colored hair was up in a twist and she wore designer eyeglasses.  Pretty attractive – until she bit into a hotdog she’d purchased from a vendor across the street from where the cab had stopped.  Faraday could smell the juicy dog with all its spicy toppings, and the aroma was nauseating, yet at the same time made his stomach growl.  A good New York street dog would sure beat another diet shake.  
He watched her out of the corner of his eye, then tried to distract himself by starting to organize the notes in his PDA.  He was interrupted when a call came in from Graham.  
“Scott, you’ve been assigned a partner to help work the human angle.  C. Blaine from IOC/AG.  They’re bringing in Information Operations, as these hits could be of foreign origin since they’re web-based.”
“Great,” Faraday rolled his eyes.  “You know I prefer to work alone.”
“Look, I don’t know anything about this Agent Blaine, but make sure and give him a fair shake.  I understand how you feel about partners, but we need to pull out all the stops on this one and can’t afford any in-fighting.”
“Fighting?  You give me too much credit, boss.”
“You know what I mean, Scott.  You fly solo and like it that way – you’ve told me that enough times.  I just want you to be nice to this guy and make it work, all right?”
“Fine.  I’ll check in later after I’ve seen the corpses.”
With that comment, the woman sitting next to Faraday looked over at him with a perplexed frown.
“That’s where Blaine’s headed,” said Graham.  “Guess you’ll meet him there.”
“Fine.  Later.”
A partner.  Not what Faraday needed at this juncture.  With thoughts of Jakes creeping into his mind, the last thing Faraday wanted was a partner.  Whatever – maybe he’d be able to ditch this guy after the first day.
The cab pulled up to the morgue.
“This is my stop,” said Faraday.
“Huh, mine too,” said the woman.
They split the fare, and Faraday took a minute to dig in his pockets for some paper money to tip the cabbie.  After a minute, he entered the sandstone-colored building.  Just as he entered the lobby area, someone was passing through a security door into the back.
“Hold up,” Faraday called.  “I need to go back there and see the six bodies that were brought in to you this morning from the U.N.”  
The door opened and the woman from the cab stared at him.  He held out his ID.  “Faraday, CIA.”
“Blaine, CIA,” she said, extending her own badge.
“Blaine.  ‘C’ Blaine?”
“Catherine.  You can call me Cat, since we’ll be working together.”  She held out her hand without a smile.
Faraday took it hesitantly and gave it a slow, single shake, looking directly into her green eyes.  “I’ll stick with Blaine.  So, you get anything from the crime scenes?” he asked as they stepped into the back room where the pathologist was waiting for them.
“Yeah.  A nice bruise on my shoulder – you’re that guy who slammed into me in one of the offices,” she said, recognizing him from the Secretariat Building.  “You get anything?”
“Just a half-dozen fried hard drives and a couple dozen questions.  And sorry about the nudge.”
“Mr. Faraday,” said the black-haired man in the white coat, gold-rimmed glasses and trim salt-and-pepper goatee.  “Your supervisor called and said you were coming, and explained the confidential nature of your investigation.”
“And you are?” asked Faraday.
“James Pinchley, I’m the chief pathologist here.”
“And I’m Agent Blaine,” said Cat, stepping nearer and offering her hand.
“Pleased to meet you.  Well, follow me,” said Pinchley.
The three walked through a steel door into a bright, chilly room that resembled a surgery but smelled of formaldehyde.  Dr. Pinchley disappeared into a vault, leaving Faraday and Blaine standing in place, peering around the room in silence like curious lab rats.
Pinchley returned after a few moments, pushing a black body bag atop a wheeled table.  He unzipped the bag to reveal a pasty white woman with incisions under her chin and speckled across her face in a blast pattern accented by burn marks.  Once upon a time she’d been pretty.
“We pulled all the little chunks of the keyboard out of her face,” said Pinchley.  “Except for the ones embedded in her eyeballs.  I have the pieces in storage if you need them.”
“Thanks,” said Faraday, leaning in to take a close look at the woman.  He stood up straight again and tapped at his PDA.  “So, this was Andrea Rendal of Sweden,” he said.  “Floor twenty-seven, the exploding keyboard.  Right.”
Pinchley had two more bodies brought in.  “This is Kenya and France,” said Pinchley, as if hosting a morbid Miss World pageant.
The bags were unzipped and Faraday and Blaine stepped alongside the deceased.  The odor reached Faraday’s nose and he caught his breath – then tried to exhale slowly to delay the next whiff.  “Maybe you shouldn’t have had that hot dog, Blaine.”  His eyes ran down the arm to the hand of one of the victims.  He looked over at the other one, who looked like she’d been in a car accident without a seatbelt.
“This one’s fingers were fried by a mouse,” said Faraday, pointing to the blackened hand of the Kenyan one, “and this one here got an exploding monitor in the face.”
“How could a hand injury kill someone?” asked Agent Blaine.
“Correct me if I’m wrong, Dr. Pinchley,” said Faraday, “But the hand injury was more than just a burn.”
“That’s right, Agent Faraday,” said Pinchley.  “The object that came in contact with the deceased’s hand – a computer mouse, I take it – was composed of a highly toxic compound.  The burn was a side effect of the fatality, not the cause.”
“So the killer put poison onto the mouse?” asked Blaine.
“The killer turned the mouse into poison,” said Faraday.  “He sent a complex code to the hardware that, along with a power surge to help catalyze the reaction, caused the polymers in the mouse to break down and reform into a toxic substance that was absorbed through the victim’s skin.”
“You’ve seen this before?” asked Pinchley, looking up at Faraday, surprised.
“Unfortunately,” said Faraday.  “I’ve come across some very similar weaponry, and it’s clear that’s what happened here.  This is a series of cyber attacks – no direct contact with the victims.”
Faraday gave Pinchley a nod, and the pathologist in turn nodded to his subordinates to return the dead to their place of slumber.
“Somebody really doesn’t like the U.N.,” said Blaine, her eyes following the rolling slabs of death back into the refrigerated mausoleum.
Faraday tapped more notes into his PDA, glanced up.  “You think?”
“Let’s see the last three,” said Blaine.
Three more tables were brought in.  Each victim had different types of trauma, all brought on by hardware that had been turned into deadly implements through one method or another.
A Dutch man with fatal brain damage.  A Polish woman with her neck sliced open.  A Canadian man with a fried pacemaker.
“We’re dealing with some serious assassinware, here,” said Faraday.
“Assassinware?” asked Cat.
“Software that creates a stealth connection designed to get in, kill, and get out without leaving a trace.  Uses the World Wide Web to turn your friendly computer into a remote weapon.”  
“So this could’ve been perpetrated from anywhere in the world?”
“Or right inside the Secretariat Building.  Once we get the server logs, we may be able to learn more,” said Faraday.  “But so far, this is the cleanest set of hits I’ve ever seen.  I’d say this is most definitely not the work of some amateur terrorist.  This is the result of some serious tech resources.  Programming, software, hardware, high-end stuff.  We’ll know more when I get a hold of the server logs.”
The two agents thanked Pinchley and left the morgue, grabbing another taxi.
“I’m going to want to see those server logs as soon as we obtain them,” said Blaine.
“Once I’m done with them,” said Faraday.  “I’m the lead on this.”
“I was told I’m the lead,” said Blaine.  “To be blunt, you’re the geek assigned to help me navigate the code.”
Faraday blinked hard and turned to her.  “Excuse me?  You’re on my turf, here, Agent Blaine.  You were sent to assist me with the human side of the investigation.  This is my case.  Besides, I’m connected to this in a way that you aren’t.  I’m just tolerating your intrusion here because you’re hot.”
Faraday felt his face flush.  Forgot to turn on the filter between brain and mouth.  Again.
Cat rolled her green eyes and blew air through her nose like an angry bull, setting her jaw.  “Well, I see they don’t keep you around for your people skills.”  She turned to look out the window, though it was fogging up.  “Typical techie.”
Faraday chided himself for getting into the very conflict that Graham had warned him about.  Still feeling embarrassed for his own comment about her good looks, he pulled out his laptop and brought up his blog.  He checked the comments section.  A new one from NonCredit Romeo.
Nice work, eh, Faraday?  And I’m just getting started.
Faraday turned the screen toward Blaine.  “Hey.  Here’s why I’m so invested in this.”
Blaine looked at the screen without leaning in, as if to indicate disinterest.  “What of it?”
“This guy posted detailed information on my blog about the murders before they occurred.  About twenty five minutes in advance.  If he’s not the killer, he has inside information.”
She turned sharply to him.  “Why aren’t we knocking on his door?”
“He’s untraceable.  Well, nobody’s untraceable, but he’s not making it easy.  He’s very good.”
“And he seems to know you.”
Faraday turned the screen back toward himself, frowning.  “Yes, he does.  So you see why this has a personal angle.”
“Well, personal or not, you need to learn to show some common decency and respect.  I know you’re used to dealing with ones, zeros, and pixels, but it’s time to grow up a little and realize we’re on the same side here.  In fact, our offices fall under the same agency.  So give the attitude a rest, will ya?”
Faraday closed the laptop and slid it into his valise.  He took a deep breath and exhaled.
“All right.  I’m sorry.  I just don’t want some hotshot swooping in on my case.”
“Hotshot?  Look, I’ve been with the CIA for four years.  And I’m doing pretty well for myself, thank you very much.  I’m building my career on my own merits, not piggybacking on others or stealing cases.  I’m here to help solve the case, Faraday.”
Faraday looked at her face and saw her sincerity.  She didn’t look defensive, just determined.
“Call me Scott,” he said, offering his hand in truce.

	
READ THE WHOLE NOVEL, AVAILABLE AT ALL E-BOOK RETAILERS!

© 2011 Michael D Britton / Intelligent Life Books
All rights reserved.


