



Copyright ©2012 by M. Jones

Published by Bloodletters Ink. First electronic edition.

All Rights reserved.

No part of this publication be reproduced, stored in or introduced into a retrieval system, or transmitted, in any form, or by any means (electronic, mechanical, photocopying, recording, or otherwise) without the prior written permission of the copyright owner.

This is a work of fiction. Names, characters, places and incidents are either the product of the author’s imagination or are used fictitiously. Any resemblance to actual persons, living or dead, business establishments, events or locales is entirely coincidental. 

FOR MORE EBOOKS AND WEB SERIALS by author M. Jones, be sure to visit and bookmark the author's website at: http://bloodlettersink.com

OTHER WORKS BY M. JONES:

GANGSTER (published by 1889Labs-- http://1889.ca)
BLACK WREATH
FRANKIE & FORMALDEHYDE
WESTMARKET
UP NORTH
314 CRESCENT MANOR
A BONE TO PICK (short stories)
OTHER SIDES (short story contribution 'Junk Drawer')
THE AORTA BLOCK (short stories)















TIME!!
--The Chambers Brothers







ELEVATOR


I.


It starts with a slow ticking working its way through his bloodstream, settling in awkward pauses in his gut, only to suddenly burst forth, ticking little pieces of his consciousness into place as it rushes towards his cerebellum.  It tickles the backs of his eyes, pinching the veins until he is forced to open them, a bleary sense of self shifting into wakefulness.  He had been gone a year (or was it ten?) within a vague landscape, this he was sure of.  He could feel its memory scraping like a crab's claw against the polished surface of his temporal bone.  He rubbed his eyes with the heels of his hands, and blinked at the red numbers directly in his sight.

"Aw, shit," Paul said.

Rather than face the reality immediately, he buried his face into his pillow, admitting defeat.  He'd slept in, again, and this was sure to earn him another night of never ending lectures.  He could already hear the Eastern European lilt in his father's voice, brought to the fore by his anger:

"Suspended! For something so stupid, so easy to fix! What kind of son gets suspended for sleeping? Mine does! You just watch and see what kind of sleep you get now!"

He groaned and dug his fingers into the side of his pillow, but the shouting voice of his father was too loud in his thoughts.  He tossed the bed covers to one side and sat up, his head spinning with tired dreams and the weariness of impending doom.  He narrowed his eyes in tiny slits as he peered at his clock, the numbers hieroglyphic.  Hope began to rear its ugly head as he realized he had five more minutes than he had originally believed.  Waking life was suddenly vibrant with unexpected rescue. 

He could do this.  He could make it on time.  The threat of suspension need never choke him again.

He swung his feet over the edge of the bed, his toes searching out the floor for the worn jeans he'd tossed there the night before.  He grabbed his Megadeath t-shirt out from under his pillow and gave it a cursory sniff test.  It wasn't fresh, but it wasn't overly ripe either.  He slid it on in one fluid motion before picking up his jeans and jumping into them.  He hopped towards the bathroom as he struggled with a pair of socks.  There were holes in the heels.

No time for coffee, no time for toast, no time to brush his teeth or run a comb through his thick, unruly dark hair.  He saw a blur of himself in the bathroom mirror as he splashed cold water on his face in an effort to wake himself up.  He had a new row of zits on his forehead.  His hair was a lopsided psuedo-afro.  He rubbed his wet fingers through it, trying to erase the last remnant of bedhead, but the only cure would be a long shower and an ample supply of Frizz-Bee-Gone conditioner.  There was no time.  He was just going to have deal looking like some 70's rocker with a Frampton 'fro.

He grabbed his books (where the hell was the one he needed for class? Never mind, time is ticking!) and slid on his worn sneakers, his bare heels naked out the back of them.  He'd made it.  He was in the clear.  If he ran out the door right now and didn't look back, he'd have a whole seventy-five seconds to spare.  He'd calculated this route before, for just such an emergency.  The other three times had been practice runs, this was the official test to his theory.  Numbered steps to the elevator.  How many bounds to take across the green knoll to where the bus stop was.  It took exactly forty-one seconds to get his bus ticket out of his jeans pocket.

Bus ticket.

Aw, fuck.

"My son thinks he is the sleeping beauty.  He dreams his life away, thinking it all nothing made of hard work."  His father's speech degenerates into broken English gibberish the angrier he gets.  "I do this not thing my son bastard sleep suspenders enough!"

There!  The ticket!  He shoved it back into his pocket and grabbed the keys sitting on the kitchen counter.  He had counted exactly fifty-two steps to make it from his apartment door to the elevator.  That gave him a whole five seconds to wait.  Hopefully, it was working properly and there weren't too many people crowding it, slowing it down.  He could squeeze in, take the ride to the first floor (forty-seven seconds) and bust out of the building like the devil himself was trying to chew his ass.

Seconds to spare.  He could make.  He was going to make it.

Keys. DonkeyFuckHell...Where were his keys?

The phone rang.

He should never have answered it.  In an adrenaline punched moment, he made the wrong decision.  As usual, when it came to a matter of panic, it was Daniel on the other end.

"Paul? Dude? You're still home?  Shit, man, you're going to be late."

"I'm leaving now, asshole."

"What's with the hate?  Jeez, just saying.  Man, you're going to get suspended.  Your dad is going to murder you."

"I gotta go."

"What?"

"I gotta go!"

"You'll never make it, man."

Cursing, he hung up the phone and flew out the apartment door, slamming it hard behind him.  No time to check that it was locked.  He made his way down the hall, time slowed down to a crawl, tiny events like the heel of his shoe hitting the carpet bloating the seconds full.  His schoolbag was slung over his shoulder, unzipped and full of loose, dirty papers that fell behind him in academic dandruff.

There was no way he could face his father and tell him about the suspension.  Daniel was right, the old man was going to murder him. 

The lecture would go something like this:  Father insists son is doing drugs and hanging out with bad friends, which while true, would cause a series of swear words to issue forth from Paul's mouth.  The old man would start harassing him about the benefits of hard work and study.  He'd tell him all about the persecution he'd suffered all his life, about how his aunt Greta, stuck in Germany after the war, scaled the Berlin Wall and gained a bullet in her leg for her trouble.  They did all these crazy things not for kicks, not for the good times and the parties and the drinking drug whores (all of this said in his usual thick, suspicious Russian drawl).  They got bullets in their legs for his freedom, and the freedom of his children.  The right to have your own mind. To work hard and make something of life.

But the old man didn't understand.  Paul's days, supposedly so full of promise, were hindered by all kinds of walls.  His father could only see political obstacles.  He couldn't see the lazy, unbearable boredom that crept into everything Paul did.  He couldn't see how the whole being a success thing was just a sham, how it was the same ideology with some of the pieces shuffled around.  It was all about time.  People manipulating their time, ruining it in all kinds of crazy ways.  Working eighty hour weeks, like his dad, with nothing to show for it but an ungrateful son and a bad back.  People who wasted time, like his mother, who never found the time to leave the apartment, a silent agoraphobic who hovered over boiled soup for hours.

But she broke the pattern, and he was grateful for it.  She left them when Paul was ten.  No hobbled legs for her.  The last he'd heard, she was living well with a new husband and his two small children somewhere in Florida.  Once in a while he would get a sentimental greeting card with no message inside.  A ten dollar bill would be tucked in the envelope.  Money spent on time wasted.  He kept them in a thick roll in the top drawer of his dresser, feeling like if he ever spent them the ghostly memory of his mother would completely disappear.

Now, at eighteen, it was just himself and the old, old man.  His father smoked heavily, his cigarette butts lining the sides of the balcony in poisonous drifts.  He was careless when he smoked, burning holes in the furniture, his gnarled hands shaking fiery ash wherever he went.  A good chunk of the burns in the carpet lining the hallway were due to his father's embers.

Paul slowed down, and time felt whittled to atoms.  He wasn't going to make his bus, all thanks to Daniel and his stupid phone call.  Leave it to that idiot to ruin all sense of hope.

He made it to the elevators, and pressed the button.  It didn't light up.  The button was smeared with old gum, the faceplate missing both screws and yet somehow holding on through the force of the building's will.  The paint on the elevator doors were chipped, an ugly orange shade that had changed several hues over the years, with evidence of a turquoise blue beginning in the deep gouge in the lower left hand corner. 

Echoing down through the elevator shaft was a lot of scraping, loud movements, a vibratto of slamming into the metal doors above, signifying someone was being careless with large furniture.  Just his dumb luck that some yet another tenant was moving into the building this early in the morning.  Today of all days, someone was so impatient to start their life here they couldn't wait to move in until noon, like most people.  No, they had to take it over at the busiest time in everyone's lives, when there wasn't a second to spare.  Selfish jerk, whoever they were.  Now there was only one elevator available, and it would take forever to show up.  The morning rush was set to experience a nasty roadblock.

Paul hoped someone gave the new tenant a matchbox full of cockroaches for a housewarming present.  Would serve them right.

He shifted from one foot to the other.  It was strange, Paul thought, how he couldn't get the concept of hope out of his heart.  Time seemed to have an elastic quality in Paul's consciousness, the seconds stretched to their limit.  Even though he knew it was impossible, there was that tiny, clacking nag against the inside of his skull:  Just a few steps more, you can make it, you have time.  Tick, tick, tick.  The edge of time's extended claw, tapping a hollow rythmn of hope against the backs of his teeth.

He fought the urge to check his watch.  Hope was gone, there was no point torturing himself over it.  Paul was going to be late for class and the bent old man he lived with was going to wail over his uselessness for about an hour or so before drowning his disappointments in low grade vodka.     

He pressed his ear against the elevator doors.  There was an insane amount of scraping and banging, punctuated at intervals by gruffly voiced curses.  Lots of heavy furniture, by the sounds of it.  He tried to eliminate its violent echo and concentrate instead on the one elevator remaining.  He could hear the gentle scrape of the cables as they pulled it from floor to floor.  It was still too far up, maybe at the twentieth floor.  It was going to be a while before it finally found Paul and his broken backpack waiting impatiently on the fifth.  It had become a game to him, this special skill of elevator travel discernment.  Like a dowser, he always knew from the sounds of the cables and the echoes of conversation that drifted down exactly which floor it was hovering above and below.

The elevator bell dinged, startling him, and he pulled his ear away from the door just before it opened.  He frowned, uncertain of how it could have travelled here so fast.  He knew it had been further up, way up, at the twentieth floor.  The cables that had whispered their usual secrets had proven themselves liars. 

"You getting on, or what?"

Paul grimaced at the scrubbed face of a young man in his early twenties, a laptop opened and balanced precariously on his knees.  The other patrons of the elevator regarded him with equal dour judgement.  Paul shrugged his backpack inward and stepped in. 

When the elevator doors closed, he was foolish enough to check his watch.

He had a whole five minutes to spare.




II.


"I wanna go peeee..."

Paul knew he was doomed the second her hand reached in between the doors, holding them open. The five minute miracle he'd inwardly celebrated was now a ticking memory beneath the wheels of fat luggage that seeped into the already cramped space. He pressed against the far wall, his hip on the ledge of the circular window that gave a clear view of nowhere.

It was a strange addition for an elevator to have, but the architects of the building, drunken morons that they were, had viewed the cramped innards of the average elevator box as a portal of escape. At least, Paul assumed that's what they were thinking when they made this weird plexiglass circle that only provided a view of the outside world when the elevator was on the main floor. The grassy knolls, exactly forty feet by forty feet, obscured any hope of a horizon. It was all steel grey bolts and cables or parched grass. A useless window onto taunted hope.

When the last of the luggage was finally squeezed in and every second of Paul's time was officially wasted, a harried looking woman clutching her purse and her cell phone in one hand inched into the elevator. Her tiny, tow headed little girl slipped past the various thin legs, ducking under knees, her cheeks tear-stained. Her nose brushed against Paul's shin, smearing his jeans with snot.

"I wanna go peeee!" she whined.

"You'll have to hold it," her mother snapped.

"But I wanna goooo."

"Stop your whining, Alicia."

Paul inwardly groaned. His friend Daniel had a little sister, about the same age. Never mind the terrible twos, it's the fucking fours you had to watch out for. He knew before she even let it out, and he braced himself as the tiny fusspot took a deep, purposeful breath.

Her screaming tears reverberated off the steel walls of the small metal box, the piercing keening making the other patrons of the elevator groan and give her mother dirty looks. There was a collective, unspoken judgement over her parenting skills, a cynicism born of their own hurried longing for control over space and time. "She's just tired," she said to no one in particular, her shoulders shrugging her purse at a better angle. "Up all night, too excited to sleep. Here, Alicia, take Mr. Mooney."

She handed the toddler a ratty looking bunny, one ear neatly chewed to pink and white threads. Alicia took it eagerly from her mother's hand and squeezed it tight, her tears and snot buried into the top of its threadbare forehead.

The elevator doors began to close, but were hampered by the corner of one of the pieces of luggage. A large, sweaty man in a business suit stood next to the button panel. His neck was as red as the second hands on the clocks at Paul's high school. Large veins pulsed in a similar, spring-loaded rhythm. He kicked the luggage out of the way, knocking it against the ankle of the bleached blonde woman standing beside him. "Jesus," she muttered, and gave him and her fellow travellers equally glaring, accusing looks.

She looks like a Kitty, Paul thought. The name, not the animal, though perhaps there were some of its less friendly attributes present within her. Her nails were painted a deep, sparkling wine hue, the tips imperfectly rounded so they looked more like points. Claws. She scratched at the corner of her eye, adjusting a stray lash greased thick with black mascara. She slit her cat's eyes as she kept her grudge against the fat, pulsing vein in its business suit in front of her. She was wearing far too much perfume. Paul could feel its vinegar sourness burning the back of his throat. He coughed into his fist, and earned a sudden flash of cat's eye judgement from her, only for her ire to soften and refocus on the movement of numbers from the fourth to the third floor. For her, time was measured in instances of fury.

Now that was the way to look at things, Paul thought. Sixty seconds make a minute. Sixty minutes make an hour. Five minutes make a fury. 

That sounded about right.

The elevator stopped on the third floor. Paul's extra five minutes were near fully depleted. Four and a half wasted, precious minutes that he could have tucked into his jacket pocket and used later. He could feel that five minute fury twisting inside of his gut, the ticking not unlike the way his old man smacked his lips over bitter coffee. "My son doesn't know how to use a clock," the fury said.

The scrawny man in his early twenties nearly dropped his laptop, a series of curses leaving him as he righted it back on its precarious perch on his upended knee. His fingers blindly searched the buttons on the elevator panel, hitting P for Parking with the knuckle of his right pinkie. The glow of the laptop lit up his face with spectral worry, the bluish light giving him a corpse sheen. He turned to the other occupants, his eyes shifty, uncertain.

"Hell of a night to have a blackout," he said.

The elevator doors closed behind him and he settled in front of the Big Vein, as Paul had decided to call him. The young geek continued on, even though no one was listening to him. "Lost all my data. When the power came back on it must have caused a surge or something. Wiped my fucking files clean." He pressed buttons, but it was clear the effort was hopeless. "I don't know what the fuck I'm going to do."

Inside the five minutes now gone, inside the fury, Paul heard his father's deep, bitter voice whisper: "No excuses. None at all."

"Mommy," Alicia said, her tears finally ebbed as she snuffled them inside of her disgusting stuffed rabbit. "That boy said bad words."

Her mother ignored her, for she was far too busy typing in a message on her cell phone. From the frown that was pursed deep into her forehead, it was clear she didn't like the replies she was getting. "Damn him," she said.

"Mommy..."

"In a minute, Alicia, Mommy has to tell George where to pick us up at the airport." She swore again, under her breath. "Son of a bitch," she breathed.

Alicia danced behind her pile of luggage, jostling impatient knees. Her huge, brown eyes sparkled as she met Paul's sight. "I'm going to a beach," she grinned. "I'm going to the beach and I'm going to live with Mickey Mouse. We're going to see him every day, right Mommy?"

"Alicia, stop it," her mother absently chided her.

"I can't believe I lost everything," the Geek said. He hit the return button over and over. "Ten hours worth of work, I can't fucking believe it."

The elevator crawled down the dark, grey shaft. Foul streaks of black oil on grit grey drifted slowly past the window. Above the elevator doors, the number two blinked into existence in digital green reassurance. The elevator stopped, and the doors opened.

No one got on.

The doors wouldn't close right away. They went two thirds and then sprang back open, as though the elevator itself didn't want to move on. Big Vein let out a blood boiled curse and wrapped his thick fingers into the space between the sheets of steel that made up the door. He gave it a good yank and finally they closed, the elevator groaning in its continued descent.

"This place is a real dump," he said, agreeing with the Geek. "I can't believe I sank what I did into its shares. We all have a say here, we should make a formal complaint. First that blackout, now this hunk of junk elevator. Get a lawyer and get this sorted out, that's what needs to happen."

There was no agreement on this, but there was no argument against it, either. Empty threats made when there was no impetus for resolution. Paul knew the score, it was one his own old man kept in a mental ledger every day. The things he was going to do to make people pay for all those little annoying things he had to deal with every day. Like waiting too long for the bus. Or the price of cigarettes going up. Big Vein wasn't going to get a lawyer or take care of anything. He was just filling up the spaces between seconds with self importance and promises he would never keep.

"I'm going to live with Mickey Mouse!" Alicia suddenly exclaimed. She tossed her stuffed rabbit in the air, and caught it before it hit the Geek's laptop. 

He was still furiously tapping the enter button, a big blue screen of hopelessness telling him his time was up. "I can't fucking believe this," he muttered. "If I can't get that work back, I'm going to fucking explode, I swear to God..."

"Mommy, we're going to live with Mickey Mouse, right?"

"Yes, Alicia. Sit still. Damn you, George." Her thumbs madly typed into her cell phone. "The west side of the airport, you idiot."

Kitty let out a frustrated sigh, her cat's eyes slit against everyone in the small space, her tall heels tapping in annoyance that time wasn't going her way. Big Vein pressed the P for Parking button again, getting a thankful nod from the Geek. See, here was a guy who could get things done. He can press buttons and make elevators respond faster than the programmed scheduling that had been parented by its engineer.

The elevator stopped. Above the doors, in overly bright, green digital assurance were two numbers. Zero and one.

Weird, Paul thought. It never says that. It always read M for Main or P for Parking or GO for Get Off.

The doors didn't open. The cables creaked into gear, the bolts popping under the unnatural strain. The elevator began a quick, relentless ascent, one that left the occupants of it crying out in muttered, surprised shock. When it was clear the elevator wasn't about to stop, a bland feeling of edgy camaraderie overtook them, and they stood silent and motionless, every ear attuned to the changes in sound as the elevator moved between floors.

Alicia sat on top of one of the suitcases. Her mother's cell phone blipped, and the reply she had received was not the one she wanted. She typed madly into her cell phone, her back turned to her daughter.

Alicia caught Paul's eye and she grinned. Two teeth were missing from the bottom, with new ones growing in crookedly in the pink space. "We're going faster," she whispered to him. She bent her bunny's good ear back and loudly sang into it. "Bell-horses, bell-horses, what time of day? One o'clock, two o'clock, off and away."

The elevator violently shook, knocking the Geek and his laptop onto the floor, the bleached blonde straddling him to keep her balance. Paul instinctively grabbed onto the bar beneath the window, his hands white knuckled as the sudden descent gained in speed. A horrific scraping tore down the sides of the elevator, beating the metal walls, leaving large dents. Alicia fell off her perch on the luggage, hitting her head on the floor. She wailed, her tiny hand held tight on the small cut on her forehead. Her mother stepped away before she could cling to her knees, and Paul scooped Alicia up, holding her tight against him. Her mother held the cell phone at her ear, as though it were cemented there. Big Vein was slumped in the corner, his neck a violent purple hue, his sweating, bulging eyes staring into empty space. Kitty was crouched on the floor, her gaze riveted on the green digital numbers that haphazardly spoke lies. 11. 92. 38. 56. 47.

The luggage began to float. Paul felt his feet rise from the ground, but he held on, with Alicia struggling in his tight grip. A screaming Kitty was halfway up the wall, her heels kicked off into empty space. Geek was upside down, scrambling to catch his laptop. Big Vein was only off the ground a few inches, like a hovering yogi.

When it stops, everything smashes.



III.

Paul has a good memory. He can recall, with accurate precision, the feeling of being in his carriage, the moon shining bright in the sky, the cold breeze shocking him awake from sleep. He did well on tests, when he bothered to show up for them. He never bothered studying, much to the old man's fury. Why bother? It was a waste of time.

So Paul remembers what happened. He knows how everything smashed into a processed tangle of blood, guts, limbs and splintered bones. There was a scream, not human, an agonized plea of twisted metal and glass. He saw the disassociated pieces of people shuffled into tiny balls of suffering, eyes peering out of the rolled ooze, terrified, shocked. A heart rolled into a perfect circle. The ends of fingers pinched into oval points and glued to the panel buttons. He can see the numbers, green on black, bouncing back and forth, sideways and upside down, pulsing in carefully measured time with his terror.

His eyes squeezed shut. He didn't want them ripped out, compressed into circular atoms. He can't breathe. He can't move. Something tickles the back of his throat, its iron taste filling his mouth.

This is what Paul doesn't remember. He doesn't remember how it came to be that he can cough through the iron he is drowning in. It dribbles out of his mouth and he spits it out onto the elevator floor, leaving a shiny, ochre splatter.

It's instinct that makes him stand up, his limbs creaking and falling into place like shards of glass put back together, a painful, sharp rearrangement. A sticky film covers his hands and he stares down at his palms, dumbfounded by the dark pools that have gathered in the creases. His life line is especially dark. He has a flash of memory of his mother, on one of the rare occasions where she left her soup to boil on its own, her well made up, intent face concentrated on his. Her voice is thick, a raspy edge to it thanks to the long, brown cigarettes she occasionally smoked late at night, the smoke curling over the edge of the balcony. She probably still smoked them, wherever she was. Frosty elegance and hot ember death.

"Paul...your life line..." she shook her head, saddened by what she had to tell him. Her nails were long and red as she traced the line that crept out from just above the crease of his thumb. "Back and forth, back and forth. This little zigzag. My poor boy, you will have no time for nothing."

There were no cuts on his hands. He wiped the syrupy residue onto the thighs of his jeans, leaving long, gory streaks. What had happened here? The luggage was split apart, the contents strewn ankle deep within the elevator. He kicked a layer of t-shirts aside, the colourful hues obscuring the dark horrors within. Blood, and lots of it. Paul had never seen that much blood. He gently pushed the t-shirts into a pile, to his left, and the smear of blood on the elevator floor quickly became a thick puddle. He tried to step over it, only to realize his canvas sneakers were drenched in the foul smelling stuff. He wiggled his toes, feeling the warm, wet life-force smear through his socks. 

He dry heaved, and swallowed it back.

"Hey. Hey!"

There was a tug on the hem of his t-shirt, and Paul fought the urge to strike out at the ghost that had spoken. He took a deep breath and closed his eyes, his head pressed against the cool wall of the elevator. The cable must have snapped. A miracle had saved him, but the others...

"Hey, mister, hey!"

He rubbed his eyes with the heel of his hand, leaving a smear on his cheek. Someone was talking to him. Here, in this little box of mangled human remains, a voice was struggling to be heard. Imagine that.

Think about it, old man, Paul thought. Teen survives thirty story plummet to hell. How's that for an excuse to be late?

He slid against the wall of the elevator, the cool steel a relief on his burning skin. He closed his eyes and rested his head in the crook of his arm as he sat in the congealing inch deep puddle of former human circulation. Maybe it was too early to be thinking about victory. He could have all kinds of terrible injuries that were slowly killing him, ones that would finish him off long before the paramedics arrived. Massive internal bleeding. The back of his head could be smashed in like an overripe watermelon. He raised his hand and tested his skull to be sure. No holes or indents that he could feel, anyway. Nothing hurt too bad in his gut, either. 

Hell, maybe it was true. He'd just won the most fucked up lottery of the decade.

A warm hand slid into his, much smaller, strong but delicate. Confused, Paul blinked his way into consciousness. "Alicia?"

Her breath was sweet as she leaned closer to him, her stuffed bunny stained various shades of ghastly pink. Mr. Mooney, Paul remembered. Alicia hugged him tight. "My Mommy's on her phone," Alicia said. She giggled, a macabre sight thanks to the amount of dried human tissue stuck in the thick tangles of her dark curls. She wiped her dripping brow with the back of her hand, the red smeared into her scalp in warrior paint. Alicia rolled her eyes in pantomimed drama. "She's always on her phone."

Paul searched her face, struggling to find sense in her disjointed innocence. "Are you okay? You don't look hurt."

Alicia shrugged and hugged her stuffed rabbit loosely at her stomach. "I'm okay."

Paul nodded, nausea welling up from his gut. "That's good."

"He doesn't look okay though. "

Alicia pouted, her head turned towards a lump hidden beneath two torn, opened bags of luggage. There was a massive red stain seeping out from underneath, a corpse stream that was thick enough to have eddies and currents. He used the wall to brace himself as he stood up, a growing feeling of harrowed unease crawling into the little shards of glass that were his joints. At his feet was the laptop, snapped in half, the screen dead, its electronic guts leaking out past the keyboard that lay separated a foot away from it. Almost hidden beneath those two opened bags of luggage, was the pink outline of a human torso. Paul felt bile rise in his throat as he began to understand. There was no sign of the man's limbs, or his head. Just that large, pork-like round of chuck, sliced into consumable portions.

Donkeyshitfuck, Paul thought.

Someone was crying. He cast a confused glance towards Alicia, but she was unaffected by the carnage that she, and he, had miraculously escaped. Maybe it was a sorrow that was lurking inside of his own cells, unable to find a voice save in the unspoken belly of his own gut. But no, the sobbing had a definite rhythm, a feminine lilt that he found familiar but couldn't quite place.

He stepped over the rendered torso to the far corner of the elevator. There, hidden beneath three wind-breakers and a silk scarf, the woman he'd named Kitty flinched and shivered at his scrutiny. 

Holy shit. There were other survivors.

He wanted to ask her if she was okay, if she was broken and bleeding, even though the idea of knowing sent a thrill of panic through him. Her head was at a strange angle, and when she moved it, it flopped on her neck as though some organic spring inside of it had snapped. He backed away from her as she stood up, her shoulder drooped to one side, her bobbing head flopping against it like a sick duck. "It's ruined," she promised Paul, her teeth bared, bits of lipstick and human heart smearing them. "Ruined."

"Yeah, I...I guess so." Behind him, Alicia happily skipped over the mound of t-shirts, to land with a happy splash in the red puddle he'd exposed. Droplets of the laptop Geek's blood splattered against their knees. 

"Don't do that," he said to her.

Big Vein was pressed against the elevator panel. He coughed wetly into his palm and then with lumbering effort rose to standing. His left arm dangled lifelessly at his side, and the first quarter of his chin was missing. He tested the exposed bone with his fingertips, fat stubs ending in a naked distal row of phalanges. The bones tapped together, some of the crushed pieces of his jaw dropping chalky remnants into the torn flesh. "Must have been a cable or something," he growled. His deep voice was curdled. He gave Kitty and her bobbing head a knowing, sympathetic nod. "Damn dump of a building. I can't believe I invested in this place, what a mistake that was. I ought to sue the bastards. We all should." He grabbed his dangling, broken arm with his shredded hand, forcing the twisted wrist up to his squinted, red rimmed eyes. "Almost nine o'clock. I'm going to miss my meeting." The white gleam of bone jutting out from the circumference of his fat fingertips tapped on his watch in impatience. "This is going to cost me."

Kitty, her head bobbing and flopping at grotesque angles offered her understanding. "It's ruined," she assured him.

"This is the problem these days," Big Vein assured her. "People don't get that time is money."

Paul could hear Alicia in the background, splashing about in the remains of the Geek, whose limbs and head were still thankfully buried somewhere beneath the piles of shredded cotton fabric and printed silks. He backed away from the other occupants, only to jostle another person standing dead in the centre of the elevator doors. She didn't respond, her milky gaze concentrated on the cell phone in her hand, her thumb an extended long tentacle that typed quickly and with purpose.

Alicia stopped her happy, grotesque play and ran to her mother, her tiny hands grabbing her pant leg. A massive tear just below her mother's hip revealed a tenderized portion of human meat, ending in a shin bone that poured muscle and blood. Alicia tugged at her pant leg again, ripping the black fabric. "Mommy? Mommy, are we going now?" Her tiny hands were so thick with blood they had difficulty forming into fists. "Mommy, are we going to go and see Mickey Mouse now? Are we going?"

Alicia turned to Paul, as though expecting him to have an answer. "There's something wrong with Mommy," she said.

Paul could only watch as the tentacle thumb continued on with its pointless quest, punching in numbers and letters as though they had meaning. He forced himself to glance over her shoulder and get a good view of what she was putting onto the tiny screen. A jumble of nonsensical paragraphs, from the look of it. No words, just random letters and numbers. Occasionally, Alicia's mother would blink, her monster's thumb pausing over the keypad. She stared up at the small digital panel above the elevator doors, as though hoping for a sign. It remained blank. 

She sighed and began typing into the keypad again, cloudy eyes shaking back and forth, following her coded gibberish. In this futile loop she remained, trapped by the ticking of buttons and the relentless quest to send messages that would never be received.

Alicia hugged her disgusting, smelly bunny close to her and pressed behind Paul's knees, her dark eyes furtive as she took in the disturbing vision. Big Vein and Kitty paid neither of them any mind, their suffering denied thanks to a previous, imprisoned moment. Alicia shook her head, her cheek on the back of Paul's knee as she looked at the woman who was her mother. For the first time, her wide, dark eyes registered fear. She started to shake. He crouched down to her level, hoping to comfort her.

She whispered in his ear, her breath smelling of sour milk and candy. Dark eyes were riveted on the cell phone in her mother's hand.

"That's not my Mommy," she confessed. "I don't know that lady." 



IV.

She paced the elevator back and forth, her head flopping at all kinds of odd angles, the high heels of her shoes digging into the shreds of cotton soaked with human tissue. Cat's eyes glared at the green numbers above the elevator doors now reading an uncompromising '00'. Her close fitting, leopard print jacket was torn at the shoulders, revealing deep, ugly ribbons of flesh, as if she'd been mauled by the animal print. From the ragged state of her nails, the red wine colour chipped, the hard backs bent backwards at ninety degree angles, Paul surmised the injury was her own doing. An act of frustration she'd enacted while in the throes of a five minute fury.

"Ruined," she muttered. She marched back and forth in front of Paul, her vile perfume mixed with the sickly sweet scent of soured blood. Her face was painted a thick white, her mascara smeared across her cold, marble cheeks. 

He didn't bother asking what it was she thought was destroyed, mostly out of fear of those long claws that she was itching to use on someone, anyone, who dared to disturb her miserable mood. She checked her watch and glanced up at the stubborn zeros that refused to budge from their home above the elevator doors. Her neck stretched and retracted, a leathery elastic band that could never quite find a way to balance her ceramic head.

Alicia was in the far corner, picking out pieces of clothing from her destroyed luggage. She propped her worn stuffed bunny onto an open suitcase, his glass eyes watching her with impassive mourning. "Mickey Mouse," she said, holding up a tattered pair of socks with distinctive mouse ear appliques sewn onto the ankles.

"Alicia," Paul said, doing his best to keep panic from forming, the art of reason pushing hard against the opposing need to scream that kept welling in his gut. "We have to find a way out of here." He frowned, a tiny fragment of hope creeping into him as he dug his hands into his pockets, searching out the familiar feel of rectangular plastic. No, not there. He grabbed his backpack, the papers inside tossed out--his notes couldn't possibly matter now--a collection of broken pens and shattered plastic rulers raining out from it. "Shit," he said, under his breath. "I didn't bring it."

"You shouldn't swear," Alicia reminded him.

"You can if you forget your cell phone," he said. A sudden burst of clarity hit him as he visualized the phone laying in wait on the kitchen counter, its battery fully charged. This wasn't his fault, it was Daniel, who had stupidly called his land line. If he'd only called him on his cell, he would have remembered to take it. That stupid, stupid jackass. What did he call him so early in the morning for, anyway? He didn't have a job, he didn't go to school. Daniel never got up before one in the afternoon, and when he did call it was always on Paul's cell. But not today. The minutes shimmied back and forth, and sideways, and Daniel flowed along with them, his pattern of behaviour throwing Paul into this horror show chaos. All of this, he reasoned, was Daniel's fault.

He could have been on the bus, on time for school, avoiding all threats of suspension and long winded old man lectures. He sure as hell could have avoided being in an elevator that snapped off its cables and plunged them into Hell. Daniel was going to get it when he got out of here, he was going to lay into him good.

"My Mommy has a cell phone," Alicia reminded him.

His anger instantly turned to trepidation, Daniel's intrusion onto his careful measuring of time pocketed away into a place for future ire. He wanted to be able to take the cell phone out of her hand, but an instinct deep within him told him to leave her be. The woman, if that's what you could call her because he wasn't sure if that's what she still was, she was typing into the keypad with elongated, tentacles made up of the shredded tendons in her arm. She paused over it, her milky eyes seeming to comprehend an alien reply. The snaking pieces of her arm brought the phone to her ear, the tentacles wrapping tightly across her skull, cementing the cell phone to the side of her head. 

He wasn't about to ask if she could dial 911.

"I think your Mommy's busy."

"She's always busy." Alicia let out a tired sigh. She grabbed her worn rabbit and danced him along the top of the suitcase, his floppy feet touching the corners in careful steps. "Mr. Mooney likes doing the cha-cha. Cha-cha-cha."

Life could be illusion. His friend Daniel, when he was high, was always going on about this fact, his voice a low, stoner drawl that spoke truth through ignorance. "It's all nothing, man. You get it? Nothing."

So, with this in mind, Paul had to reassess what was happening, that maybe he wasn't as whole and unscathed as he had originally thought. His survival could, in Daniel's words, mean nothing. He could be like Kitty, with her bobbing head, or Big Vein, who was still wedged in the corner near the button panel, the exposed bone tips of his fingers clicking an unknown song on the steel. Paul gave himself a good once over again, hands checking for broken bones, for missing limbs, a pelvis shattered or a leg bent ridiculously backwards. There was a scratch that followed in a smooth line from his wrist to his elbow, and he tested it with his thumb, trying to widen it, to make it the huge gash he was sure was hidden. But it was a superficial injury, probably caused by a small bolt sticking out of the window's ledge as he'd clung so desperately to it.

Alicia danced. Though her hair was matted with thick globs of blood, none of it was her own. 

"I have things to do," Big Vein sagely reminded him. Bare bones on the face of a digital watch. Click. Click.

The chaos within the elevator slowed with every second ticking past, and Paul was able to get a better handle on his environment. Sure, the tiny space was chock full of people, if one could call them that, surviving injuries that should have killed them, let alone being weirdly oblivious of the glistening, white bones that poked haphazardly out of the slices in their skin. But with no screams to accompany the suffering, there was an an unexpected calm. He circled Alicia's mother, her milky eyes unseeing as she nodded into the cell phone, feeler tipped fingers sending out an alien code into the hieroglyphic keypad. The letters and numbers had further morphed, until they were random, squiggly shapes devoid of meaning. Every now and then, she appeared to frown over them, as though recognizing the nonsense on the screen, only for her tentacles to clutch at the phone and hold it tightly against the torn remnants of her ear cartilage.

There was an unknown source of light, Paul realized as he surveyed the horrific scene. The fluorescent bulbs above them had shattered when the elevator hit the ground, the bare wires spilling downward, to brush against Alicia's mother's tentacles in tentative empathy. The light that filtered in was imperfect, an organic source finding its way in through a human tissue smeared window, the surface of the unbreakable plexiglass opaque beneath the palms of desperate, dying occupants. On this filthy surface were those missing minutes from Paul's memory, the press of human faces and rendered limbs imprinted in sepia grime. There was a thick crack on the lower half of the circular window, a tiny pinprick of fierce, white light shooting in with laser clarity.

The window continued to fascinate him, especially since he could now discern long shadows playing along its surface. They had to be on the main floor since that was the only place the window offered any view of the outside. The shadows had to be their rescuers, EMTs and firemen, here to sort out the dead from the living and take a proper accounting of what had happened, and to whom. Time was of the essence if they were going to survive. He had to let them know they were here.

He clenched his hand into a tight fist, his knuckles ready to rap out a message to those who were outside, waiting to hear for signs of life.

"There's a lot of them," Alicia said to him.

The shadow crept along the perimeter of the glass window. Paul kept his fist clenched. There was something wrong with its shape, the slow way it moved a lazy study rather than one of emergency urgency. He didn't want to admit it, but there was a similarity here between the way Alicia's mother held her cell phone, the long tentacles of her tendons swaying above her head in an insect halo. He backed away from the window, his thigh captured by the tiny beam of light that seeped in through the crack.

The slow movement suddenly quickened, moving toward the crack in the glass. A long, hollow scrape caressed the outer steel walls of the elevator, a sound Paul found familiar. 

Bones on metal. 

Click. Scrape. Click. 

"I have things to do," Big Vein assured Kitty, whose head bobbled back and forth on her spring-form neck in tense agreement. "I'm a very important man. Very important. There's money to be made, but it's all about timing. You can't be a success if you're a tardy jackass. Every second needs to be accounted for."

Tall and tubular, ending in a lotus shape, the shadow crept across the plexiglass window. This was no EMT, no fireman with an axe set to smash the window and pull them out. The searching shadow tested the window with dull, slow, hollow scraping, every movement a hazy curiosity.

"It's ruined," Kitty assured Big Vein. "Ten minutes, at the most. It's long past that now. You can't go back, not ever. That chance is gone."

Big Vein nodded, his expression grave.

He didn't want to do it, but there was that ever present compulsion within him to know just how far he could test the limits, be they of time or his own sanity. Paul picked up a stray piece of fabric from the elevator floor, a silk scarf with large red poppies printed on it. He bunched it into a tight ball in his fist. He took a few swipes at the window, but the dried blood was layered thick, and had dried into paint. He spit into the scarf, and tried again.

He felt a tug on his leg, and he looked down at the tiny, innocent face gazing back up at him in an imitation of adult concern. "You be careful, Paul," she said, and shook her finger at him.

"I just want to see where we're at," Paul said. His fingers ached from the clenching of his fist. He brought the silk scarf back to the window and began to rub at the blood obscuring them. Large flakes fell off, and with a bit more effort he was sure to bring the grassy knolls of the main floor into view.

Alicia eyed the window with trembling understanding. She pressed Mr. Mooney tight against her chest and hid behind Paul's knees. "You shouldn't," she whispered.

The lotus shaped shadow crept along the periphery of the glass. Paul wiped at the area he had almost cleared of debris. The shadow paused, its pointed tip watching. It's like a cat with a mouse, Paul thought. Or, better still, a scorpion and a cockroach.

There was more curious scraping now along the outside of the elevator. Soft, teasing prodding, trying to bring the metal box to life.

He wiped away a large flake of dried blood, and light streamed in through the gap. He peered out into the world beyond.

"I told you," Alicia whispered, her finger pressed to her lips as though she were telling him a terrible secret. "There's lots of them. Lots and lots and lots."



V.

He calls her Kitty, because that's the name he gave her.  When he asked her what her name was, she couldn't answer, her mouth spewing only about ruin and all things that should have been done by now.  There would never be a name.  A name was a fixed person and what stood in front of him now was a fixed place in a specific moment in constant replay.

"You need to chill out. There's nothing we can do right now."

She didn't want to hear Paul's wisdom. "I really have to go. Otherwise, it's ruined."

The tide of the ocean drowned her voice, its piercing, relentless blue seething with an ethereal promise of warmth. The waves crashed with roaring purpose onto the pristine white sands of the shore. Kitty continued her mindless complaining in the background, her head flopping in useless anger. Paul purposefully shut her out as he stared, wide-eyed out of the small section of window he had cleared of human debris. 

There was a tiny nudge at the back of his knees. Alicia stood on tip-toes, her neck craning in an effort to gain insight into what Paul studied. 

"No," he said, and gently pushed her away.

Everything was gone. No bus stop, no worn grassy knoll, no hum of morning traffic or construction cursing. In a way, he felt relieved. The arrangement of the universe had been kicked into a shattered, bleeding mess, an act that made the appearance of this incredible ocean make sense. There were only two scenarios that he could fathom, neither of them particularly harrowing. He was either dead or dreaming. Maybe even both. The latter meant that he was set to wake up at some point and this horror would simply disappear, and if he was dead then at least here was proof of an afterlife. If the elevator was supposed to be a version of Hell, it was pretty lame. He was already getting used to the sour iron smell pervading the small space, and he was used to ignoring the whining, sighing impatience of the others.

Maybe the kid had a point. After all, nothing could be worse than sitting here, roasting in this little steel oven, waiting for a death that had already arrived. But there was that nagging voice of his father creeping along the back of his skull, the warning he drilled into Paul's head from birth crawling along his frontal lobes with pointed insect legs. "We used to think it was normal, living in fear. That is how we survived, how we made our bread every day." His fingers, stained with nicotine, would jab with secretive violence at the air. "It is not enough just to run out, to be a big man, to go out scaling a wall, like your stupid Aunt Gerta. What does she have for it? A  bullet in the leg and a limp for life! No. It is better to watch. To wait. You keep your head down, you keep quiet. Then, when you know the routines of the snipers, when you can slip away at the airport, that is when you make your escape, not before. Like a cat slinking after a mouse in the dark." 

He would take a long sip of vodka over ice, his cigarette burning to ash in his other hand, leaving circular black scars in the easy chair. "You see, this is how you survive. Is not enough you go missing. Don't exist to them in the first place. They can't chase what they've never known." He'd stub out his cigarette in the nearby ashtray, the filter scorched. "Time. Everything has a time. I found mine, and if you are a smart man, you will find yours, too. And Them, whoever They might be, they can't get you. You'll be invisible."

So Paul didn't even think of opening the elevator doors, his mind preoccupied with the echo of his father's voice and the crashing waves of an alien ocean streaked in bloody sepia through the plexiglass It looked beautiful and serene, but there was a warning feeling creeping along the edges of his gut, more of those little insect legs that poked and prodded at his fear. He narrowed his eyes, concentrating on the slow movement of the waves, the brilliant blue filled with strange shadows that gleamed purple at odd intervals. He tried to make sense of the strange shapes, but they remained elusive, smudged blots of colour. 

Alicia sat on one of the tall pieces of luggage, the tattered rabbit Mr. Mooney perched on her lap. "When we go swimming, we'll have to watch for sharks," she warned him. Her tiny finger shook an admonishment at the loose button that was his nose. "You stay near the shore and you don't ever, ever let one of those get you." She shaped her hands into hungry crocodiles. "Snatch, gobble, snap!"

Kitty tucked a lock of hair away from her forehead, a tiny shred of the Geek falling out of her blonde locks and onto the elevator floor. The digital watch Big Vein sported began ticking louder, the minutes and seconds dancing past in skeletal clacks. Kitty stomped her heel in nervous impatience, and Paul turned away from the window, the tap, tap, tap of Kitty's stiletto echoing an unwelcome timepiece throughout the small space. Those weren't killer heel pumps she was wearing, not anymore. The black patent leather had morphed into a glistening white bone, the long two inch heel exposed beneath the ragged flesh of her ankle. He could see the sinews of her foot, the skin pulled back over her arches, dark blue veins pulsing with the rhythm of her anxious waiting.

"This is ridiculous," Kitty said, shaking her head. Small, dried bits of the Geek floated around her in a halo of desiccated human blood. "I can't just stand in here all day. If I don't get to her apartment on time and take care of it, I'll never work in this city again. She could ruin me, and she'd do it happily, too."

"It doesn't matter anymore," Paul tried to explain.

"You don't understand."

"I think I do. Look, we're trapped in an elevator, and I think we're dead. Whatever you think is so important, it can't be."

"I was only going to my apartment to pick up my spare scissors. The ones I brought to her place were too dull. The dye I used is cheap, but effective if you time it properly.  I only have ten minutes. I don't know why you're arguing with me about this, that's all the time I have."

"We don't need to worry about time. It's over. We're dead. I'm sure of it." He pointed to the gleaming bones of her shoes that had now become part of her anatomy, torn, lacework cartilage dangling from the synovial joint of her ankle. 

"I have to go, you're wasting my time, and if it's ruined, I'm blaming you."

"Whatever lady," he said, annoyed with her refusal to see the truth.  "Your funeral."

Alicia tugged on his jeans, her eyes wide with pleading mirth. "I want to go swimming," she said, and giggled.

Paul turned away from Kitty, her complaining monotone cascading over Big Vein, her spiky bone heel clicking out the seconds between her ruin and anxiety. "You can't go swimming," Paul said to Alicia, who jutted out her bottom lip in a severe pout. 

"Why not?" Alicia said, and stamped her tiny foot. Ripples of blood seeped out from beneath a pile of beachwear. "I want to go! Mommy said I could!"

"Your Mommy can't say anything," Paul reminded her.

With the cell phone cemented at her ear, tentacles pouring out of her mouth, the keypad on her mother's cell phone dripped thick saliva. Paul instantly regretted what he'd said, because that thing, whatever it was, it had never been that little girl's mother.

Alicia's bottom lip quivered, and Paul braced himself for the wail that was set to blow the walls of the elevator apart, a piercing, sonar keening that only sharks could understand. But Alicia surprised him, her mood shifting from disappointment to cheerfulness, a swing of emotion common in children her age. She cupped her hand around Mr. Mooney's ear and whispered into it. "He didn't see them, did he? No, he didn't."

Kitty's heel stomped forward, piercing half a hand, which was impatiently shaken off. Her palms slid along the outline of the elevator doors, pushing against the steel as though it were malleable. Ruby red fingernails began digging at the seams holding the doors together, the thin black gap taunting her fury. The effort seemed futile, so she banged the heels of her palms against the doors, the hollow steel reverberating against the abuse. 

"Ruined!" Kitty shouted.

A slicing, shuffling movement curled around the bottom of the door. Paul backed away, tendrils of antennae fear creeping along his understanding. In the waves outside, the purple blots in the water began to take on solid shapes. Lotus petals. Cardamom seeds. The soft, searching movements against the door suggested it was large. Another scraped against the corner where he was huddled. Alicia was right. There were a lot of them.

A whole ghost fleet, a whole skeleton crew of a navy vessel, he figured. But they weren't human, they weren't what his eyes tried to tell him they were.  The sands squirmed with them, the purple snap of their hungry claws searching out what rancid meat this steel box had to offer.

Kitty's fingers dug deep into the seams of the elevator doors. To Paul's horror, the door began to whine as it was slowly tugged open.

It was just a sliver. Enough to get a good look.

"Get away from the doors!" he shouted at Kitty. Then, when her ruby nails attacked the tiny open space, he grabbed her by the shoulders and tossed her into the far corner. She hit the corrugated steel wall with a resounding snap. The bones of her metamorphosed heels and feet shattered into dust. She collapsed onto her knees.

She hung her head, the powdery remnants of her voice spilling out from her mouth in a chalky stream.

"Ruin."

"Stay away from the door, Alicia."

She was already perched on her favourite piece of luggage, her worn rabbit listening to her morbid secrets. "I told him," she said to Mr. Mooney. "Nobody listens."

Paul held his palm tight against his mouth, his body exploding with an internal scream that he couldn't let out. Outside the door, the scraping paused and then continued, moving upwards to the ceiling and back down again along the left hand side. 

He could feel their tapping measuring out his nightmare along the outer wall of the elevator, the relentless measurement of his time spent in terror uneven and searching. Exoskeleton pendulums slid across the window, bathing the interior in their petal shaped shadows. A long, purple claw the size of an average man tested the gap in the door, but it couldn't push it open. He crouched into the corner, the tapping at his lower back a gunshot from a sniper's bullet. He'd be crippled now, like his Aunt Gerta. A limp away from freedom.

"We ought to do something about this," Big Vein said, assessing the situation. He braced his shoulders and peered through the crack in the elevator door. The purple claw darted in and then retreated. "I say we take care of this right away. No point wasting time."

"You can't do that," Paul said, his voice broken. "You don't get it...We can't go out there, not with those, those...things." He cast a wearied, panicked glance at Alicia, who was in sad agreement with him. "We don't know what they do, or if it's dangerous. It's better to just wait it out."

"I told you, son, my time is my money, like a good bottle of scotch. I gotta use every drop of it."

He really was serious. Kitty hobbled over on her knees to Big Vein, her blood red fingernails scraping against the gap in the elevator, her bones luckily too brittle to force the doors open. A thin, purple claw tested the air inside and caught a lock of her blonde hair. It pulled it out by the roots, the claw darting in and out in a starved frenzy. Like a shark, Paul thought. A shark surrounded by blood in the water.

"Alicia," Paul said to her, waving her over. "Come here."

She cast a worried glance at the door.  Only when the thin purple claws were gone did she dare to move, her tiny legs sprinting the few steps to where Paul was huddled in the corner. "I told you," she whispered to him.

"I know," he answered her. Paul's mouth was sand dry. Though the crashing waves outside promised a cool relief, the interior of the elevator was heating up. If they couldn't escape this, they'd cook like a Sunday dinner. They'd bake and suffocate. They'd be Geek au jus.

"We have to wait this out," he said.

A five minute fury was set to tick past. 

VI.

Big Vein sighed, a laboured grunting that pushed the squeezed arteries in his neck to near bursting. They bloomed in purple bruises along the underside of his chin and along the backs of his ears, his forehead a spidery kaleidoscope of reds and blues. The polished, exposed bones that were his fingertips tapped out the seconds on the metal buttons, bleached white hammering out a distinct pattern. First he'd press P, for Parking, then M for Main and then 2, just in case. P2M. P2M. P2M.

Sometimes he would change it up and type in M2P, but this was rare, and Paul figured the variation was nothing more than Big Vein's bones slipping on the smooth metal surface. Or maybe, Paul reasoned, he himself had read the pattern wrong, and it's his mind playing tricks, mixing up the seconds of time between tapping. He looked over at Alicia, her tiny face peering out of the small, still partially opaque section of window he had managed to clear. Outside, the ocean taunted her, and she revelled in her disappointment with a pronounced pout of her lower lip. "Swimming," she breathed into the worn fluff of her stuffed rabbit's belly.

Kitty stood close to Big Vein, her neck stretching and collapsing as she nodded over his efforts. That sweating wall of pus was her ally now, Paul figured. As well he should be, since they were both a couple of mangled up zombies without a millisecond of sense between them. 

The papers strewn about the floor of the elevator were mostly his. Paul had collected them in a neat pile and tried to decipher what, exactly, made Big Vein so self important. Maybe he could figure out some tiny piece of the guy's personality that would help Paul deal with him, appeal to his rotted sense of reason. He snatched up the briefcase and laid it open, the pile of papers he'd gathered crunched in his fist. There wasn't much in it, which was surprising, since Paul figured this was a guy who travelled large wherever he went. There was a pile of empty manila file folders which, when taken out, revealed a metal flask. Paul unscrewed the cap and gave the contents a cursory sniff. If it was once high quality scotch, it had long since turned to undrinkable vinegar. He gave it a shake. Just a drop or two left anyway. He knew what Big Vein usually had with his morning cup of coffee.

A set of keys lay nestled in the corner, and Paul picked them up. They were twisted into spiral patterns, not unlike a screw. A small plastic square was affixed to the collection, a picture of a family embedded within it. Their faces were out of focus, the background obscured. It was difficult to tell if they were part of Big Vein's life, or if he had merely picked up this key-chain and hadn't bothered to take out the bland faux family advertisement that usually came with it. Paul tossed it back into the briefcase, frustrated that he'd learned nothing.

The keys hit something metallic that let off a distinctive pinging sound, like a tuner brought to a high pitch. Curious, Paul lifted out the stacks of papers and file folders, the numbers sliding off of them to land in a jumble at the bottom of every page. There was a distinct bulge in the centre of the briefcase, and Paul felt around the inside edges until his fingers gripped the zipper. With a fluid tug he pulled the hidden layer of the briefcase open.

In the centre of the briefcase was a large alarm clock, too big to properly fit inside of it, but in this world he'd found himself in of course it did. It was an old fashioned type, the kind you see in movies from the 1950's, a wind-up contraption made of metal with large, round bells on the top and a shellacked aquamarine body. He tried to take it out, but the bells burned his fingertips when he touched them. The minute hand and the long hand had razor sharp edges, ready to poison him if he dared to alter their relentless path.

He carefully placed the flask back in place, along with the file folders and the loose pieces of paper. The bells burned through the thin card stock of the folders. He closed the briefcase, snuffing the fire out, and hopefully containing the rising, heated infection that burned within.

Big Vein had shed his suit jacket, along with his tie, which he used to mop up the bloodied beads of sweat that lined his purple forehead. Rivulets of perspiration poured down the sides of his face and neck to settle somewhere in the base of his throat. He was a big man, Big Vein, and he made sure they all knew it when he huffed and puffed and stomped away from the button panel to stand in front of the doors. Alicia's mother continued her one way conversation, the tentacles seeping out of her skull testing the back of Big Vein's head.

To Paul's horror, Big Vein pushed his bone-tipped fingers into the tiny space Kitty had created. With his face burning red, then blue-purple, he put all the stinking, sweaty strength he had into opening the doors.

"What the hell are you doing?" Paul tossed the briefcase at him, the corner edging the big man painfully in the gut. Big Vein only turned towards him with an expression of impatient confusion. 

"Got things to do, son," he said.

"You can't go out there!"

"There's no time to waste."

"You don't know what's really out there. We don't know what we're dealing with." Paul pointed to the window behind him. "There's a whole ocean out there that wasn't there before this elevator crashed. We might be dead or dying, or something, but until we know what's going on, we have to wait this out!"

Big Vein sighed. "You're young," he said, his voice patronizing in that way that put Paul's nerves on edge. He sounded like his high school counsellor. Full of tired hope and dream-dashing wisdom. "You don't understand how these things work. Time is money, and money is everything."

"No, it isn't," Paul insisted.

"Reputation," Kitty added, trying to be helpful. "That's what important."

"No," Paul said, pushing her and her bobbing, elastic head away from the door. "You don't get it, those things don't matter here."

"It'll take a while," Big Vein said, turning away from Paul and focusing his bloated energy on Kitty, who took in every word he said with rapt attention. "I think if we combine our efforts we can see sales jump tenfold. But until then, we got to put our noses to the grindstone and work every second of the way to get things done right."

In the far corner, Alicia skipped along the detritus, her feet now bare and bloody with other people's mangled remains. She dug through a pile of clothes that were nearly her own height and pulled out something pink and frilly with a lime green edging. 

"Bathing suit!" she triumphantly exclaimed.

She skipped towards the front of the elevator, her tiny head trying to wedge itself past Big Vein's grunting efforts. "Is he opening the door? We can go swimming now?"

"No, Alicia."

"You're just like Mommy. Mommy says I have to wait. Wait, wait, wait. All the time. And then it never happens." Alicia fiercely pouted into Mr. Mooney's forehead. "Everybody's always lying."

A sudden, bright shaft of light filtered in through the small section of window Paul had cleared. He whipped around to find the source, but it was already gone. "Something's waiting for us out there," Paul tried to warn Big Vein. "You can't just walk out."

The elevator doors began screamed in agony as they were slowly pried open. Snapped cables and loose bolts rained down on Big Vein's efforts. Inspired by his progress, Kitty tore at the door, her perfectly manicured nails ripped off, making her a partner with Big Vein in the stubbed and bleeding fingertips department.

"You're going to kill us," Paul said.

Big Vein paused, his blue-purple face turned on Paul. A blast of ocean wind hit him, sending in tendrils of alien sand. Kitty bent to the floor of the elevator and ran her torn nails through the tiny piles that already began to build up, warm pillars of salt bleached by an unknowable sun.

"I'm getting a little tired of this lack of faith you have, son. We're a corporation built on the can-do attitude, not the can't-never-won't." He adjusted his belt and tucked in his soaked, starched shirt before sliding on his suit jacket. His tie he kept loosely hanging around his neck, the expensive silk smeared with chalky chunks of burnt bones. He let out a low laugh at Paul, the air around him thick with the stench of old blood, cooked guts and sour, pickled skin. "Boy, I didn't get to where I am today by waiting. That's why you ride the bus and I got myself a Mercedes. It's all about time, and effort, and being wise about both."

Paul refused to argue further. If the fat bastard couldn't understand how plunging headlong into danger was a stupid move, not a smart one, who was he to judge? Big Vein was ready to make his choice. He'd had plenty of warning but he was too damn full of his big self to heed it. 

He gave the doors one final, massive shove and they slid open, just enough to allow his big bulk to squeeze through. He caught his thumb on a piece of torn metal and it shaved off the stubby white bone. He swore and shook his hand, willing the imagined pain away.

Behind Paul, Alicia had found something round to kick against the far corner. Her bare foot smacked it with an unpleasant, wet contact that made Paul's instincts shudder. He glanced over at her, and bit down on his own bile. She'd found the Geek's head.

"Alicia, leave that alone."

"I'm going to the beach."

"Just leave it."

She had changed her outfit again, this time into the pink bathing suit with the green trim. She shrugged and left her newest toy to fester in the corner, its face thankfully turned against the steel wall.

He could see Big Vein walking into the blistering, sandy horizon. The man paused, his arms held at his hips in confused resignation.

"Damn it to hell," Big Vein said. "Where did I park the damn car?"

That terrible clicking sound Paul had come to know well began its scraping journey along the outside of the elevator. Paul could feel rather than see the large shadow that crept just beneath the sand, its tendons searching out a meal. Big Vein was about to give up. He turned, ready to head back. 

A blue claw slid out of the sand, chopping him neatly in half.

Kitty screamed, as if she was suddenly self aware, her mangled body slumping to the floor of the elevator. She dug her fingers deep into her mouth to hold in her terror, her nails swallowed. It was Paul who stopped Alicia as she ran for the open elevator door, his body a thin barricade against her tantrum fury. "You can't go to the beach!" he shouted at her, and pushed her back with enough force to make her stumble and fall.

Alicia's face crumpled into misery. She wailed against Paul's injustice.

He pulled the metal doors shut with a strength he knew he'd never possessed. Amazing, what fear and seconds can do for a person. Blue claws tap, tap, tapped against the metal barrier, greedy as they were for more of what Big Vein had given them. He was so attuned to their deadly, searching scraping that Alicia's furious wailing was nothing more than soft background noise. He picked her struggling body up and held her tight as he slid to the floor in the far corner of the elevator. She calmed down not long after, her disappointment ebbing into choked sobs.

Mr. Mooney, her torn, worn out stuffed companion, lay discarded in a puddle of gore near the Geek's severed head. She slid out of Paul's embrace and picked up her one trusted friend, holding him close. He felt a well of sick rising inside of himself, the feeling held in a tight noose of envy. Donkeyshitfuck and all that comes after. Escape, timing, time itself. There was nothing here that Paul could trust. 

Kitty traced a worn fingernail down the seam of the elevator doors.

"Too much time," she harshly whispered. "It's ruined."



VII.


All he wants is a name, something real that he can hold onto. The sands from outside seep in between the slit of the elevator doors, tiny, white particles that sink in acid pinpricks through the patent leather pumps Alicia's tentacled mother wears. Paul narrowed his eyes and tried to focus on the vista beyond the tiny sliver that was trickling in. Somewhere out there, Big Vein lay in two pieces--maybe more. Maybe none, since those things, whatever they were, were so relentless in their hunger.

"Hickory dickory dock, the mouse ran up the clock."

Alicia danced a circle around her mother, Mr. Mooney held out in front as her partner, his worn left ear dangling by a ragged, thin thread.

"I really should feel something," Paul thought, disturbed. "I saw a man cleaved in half, by some weird...thing. But I'm not thinking about how awful that is. I'm not thinking about his pieces scattered beneath the sand. I'm thinking of how I have to stay away from the doors, and how tired I am of having to stand here, watching and waiting, and hoping I can pace it all just right so we can survive."

Kitty turned to him, her bobbing head on elastic sinews that imperfectly held her chin erect as she looked down on him. Her skin was ripe with overactive nerve endings, every pore jumping in its own rhythm. "Ruined," she reminded him.

"I'm so sick of you saying that."  kicked a piece of the Geek her way, a piece of bone with something slimy and black attached to it. "You and that one--" He pointed to Alicia's cephalopod mother. "You're both the freaks around here. Me and the kid, we're the ones who are all right, not you.  ahead and go out there and get eaten, you want to die twice so bad you go ahead."

She grimaced, her teeth reflecting an unnatural white beneath the flickering fluorescent tube above them. She let out a low growl, the heels of her torn, scabbed hands held tight against her rigid grin. "You're only supposed to leave it in the hair for half an hour," she said through the splinters of bone and tissue that were her decayed wrists. Her blotched red eyes leaked black mascara that pooled in the welts beneath her lids. "Her hair will be snow white. Snow. White. She'll never pay me. She'll tell all her friends how awful a hairdresser I am. I barely get by as it is, I get all my clothes on consignment and all my make-up is the samples the company gives me. I don't have time in my life to screw up. I can't start again." Her bobbing head trembled on its desiccated stick. From her head to the exposed bones and pieces that lay smeared across her thin body, a sobering fact hit Paul with a snap of a phalanges beneath his shoe. Kitty was a mess. She was a human pile of ruin.

"I wasn't very smart in school," she confided in him. Her teeth were loose, chattering strange in her mouth with odd clacks hitting tiny ceramic nails over the vowels. "I went to the private college down the street for hairdressing. Our instructor was an alcoholic. I make thirty dollars for a simple cut and near a hundred for a complicated dye job. People pay me well because I told them I spent so much time, all those years, working in a top class salon. But I didn't. I wasted years charging five bucks a head and working at a Walt-Mart outside the city. I never stepped foot in anywhere with class. You understand, don't you? How all my time on earth is lies?"

It was the most she'd ever spoken, the most she'd ever revealed, and while it was scary to hear, the pain in it was a relief. She was still human beneath all that mess, all that rubble. He wanted to tell her that it didn't matter, that lies were what we all told ourselves to give our days importance. His father, he'd ridden a wave of lies all the way to his freedom, which was another set of contradictory, but equally pointedly constructed lies. Lies about success, about what it was to be a family. Lies about love and hard work. 

Somewhere, in Florida, with another man she'd created a whole new set of lies with, his mother was pretending to be happy while she tucked in a ten dollar bill into yet another blank card. He wanted to tell Kitty--that's the name he'd given her--he wanted to say that life was nothing but ten dollar lies built up and collected and of no real use to anyone. The sole truth out there was time and its five second furies tick ticking away at every breath that rattled across the bones covering their clockwork hearts.

"It's just hair," he said, instead.

Molecular grains of sand seeped in through the seam in the elevator door. Kitty ran her torn nail along it, the tiny grains searing the ragged pieces of flesh that remained on her knuckles. "I'm a professional," she sighed. "I told her I wanted to get my better brushes, that I just lived upstairs. She's a cranky, wealthy woman. She's a vain bitch. I lied about the brushes. I needed a shot of something to help me deal with her for the next hour. I already had everything I needed." She pressed her forehead against the warm steel door, her mouth nearly kissing the seam. Salty grains hit her lips, leaving behind sizzling holes that bled pinpricks of red.

"I have to go," she said.

"You can't do that."

She slid her hands along the seam, digital tendons scraped as her gentle touch morphed into a frantic clawing. Her jaw trembled, ready to shake loose. Her watch, like Big Vein's, was now embedded deep inside of her arm, its outline a vague memory of rushed appointments interspersed with carefully timed moments of self-destruction. A second here, a second there. Five minutes worth of fury, and then she'll be fine.

On the button panel beside him, the numbers and letters had changed. No P for 'parking', no M for 'main'. Just a long line of zeros and ones that kept randomly changing every time he glanced at it. He pressed a few, wondering if this would help in any way. It didn't.

A wayward tentacle, an escapee from the right eye of Alicia's mother, tested the buttons in what appeared to Paul as curiosity. It was joined by another, thinner tendril, its body transparent, with myriad blue and red veins clumped haphazardly within it. Behind him, Alicia slapped her hand on the filthy, round window and giggled when a shadow scraped across it, answering her back.

He wanted to help her, but he understood it was pointless. Kitty, like Big Vein, was too far gone. He didn't bother arguing the point, and opted instead to passively watch as she tore at the doors, her bleeding hands pulling them open, allowing in a sweeping torrent of sand. He grabbed Alicia and forced her stand behind him, the white grains searing the rotted bits of the Geek as they hit his remains. Alicia's mother remained standing, unhindered by the corrosive sand. She was as immovable granite, her remaining gaze sharp as she nodded with business precision at the alien information relayed back to her from her cell phone.

"That lady..." Alicia said, scared.

"Don't look," Paul said, and he covered her wide, brown eyes with his palms.

The sands sucked Kitty out of the elevator, leaving behind the sickly smell of her cloying, vinegar perfume. Molecule by molecule it blasted the remnants of her flesh, leaving her in tiny shards that lay scattered across the surface. Miniature claws picked at her, the shreds of her body a reluctant meal. They were probably still full from Big Vein. 

Across the horizon, the ocean swelled with their blue numbers, claws clacking across the waves. The ones laying in wait in the sands might be well fed, but there were other millions looking to feed, and from the way they began clamouring to shore, ceramic shells snapping against each other, it was only a matter of time before they knew there was more on the menu than the stringy bits of Kitty left behind in the sand.

"Stay here," Paul said, and he shoved Alicia into the corner. 

"Mr. Mooney," Alicia whined. 

Paul glanced over to where she pointed. Her ragged stuffed rabbit was perched on an overturned pile of luggage, his worn left ear now officially gone. "Just wait a minute," Paul said.

"I want Mr. Mooney!" Alicia cried.

"I have to close the doors. The sand is getting in."

Across the ocean, blue claws clicked and clacked in question. Large mounds rolled up from the sand, heading towards them. One swam through the soft grains with decided purpose, heading directly for the open door.

Alicia danced past it. A massive blue claw that matched her height reached in. It pinched her shoulder, narrowly missing her neck.

"Heeey..."she whined. She tested her injury with her fingertips, and it bled thick along her shoulder.  She shrugged over the large cut.

Paul rammed his hip against the elevator door and shoved with all his might, the claw trapped between the twin rectangles of heavy steel. It fought against him, its strength a gale force wind. "Alicia, get into the corner!"

"Mr. Mooney," she said, neatly skipping over a pile of acidic sand and snatching him up. She hugged him tight. "I got a booboo," she said and showed Mr. Mooney the gash on her shoulder. It was bruised blue around the edges.

The blue claw snapped at empty air, the tip of its pincers just missing Alicia's mother's nose. Paul slammed his body against the elevator doors, and they closed on the giant blue claw with finality, crushing it into powder. A thin layer of fine sand lay in a mound at the closed doors, the blue hue of the shattered claw quickly dissolving into salty remnants. Paul collapsed against the button panel, unable to catch his breath.

Alicia hummed a tune, one that he was sure he'd heard before in some Disney movie. Simplistic and happy, its forceful, positive cadence hammering on the raw edges of his nerves. It was Daniel's sister who used to sing it all the time, Paul remembered. She'd skip and hum and toss toys around and Daniel would lose it, shoving her out of the living room and and putting the stupid movie on so he could say he babysat her while he smoked his hash in peace. Things were once so normal. Elevators went up and down. People didn't lose their skin as they gradually disintegrated. He'd once lived in a place where the thoughts in one's head didn't turn into cuttlefish monsters. Watches didn't melt into your bones, ticking off what was left of your imagined life. The sea of time was a metaphor, not a place where hungry donkeyfuckall things crawled out to eat you alive.

Good times.

There was just the three of them now. Alicia, her monstrous mother, and himself. Outside, the tiny metal prison they had sheltered themselves in a strange, hungry landscape waited to snatch and tear them up. Claws on steel. Acidic sands burning their lungs.



VIII.

Alicia's shoulder sparked in the near darkness.  That it was infected Paul was certain, but how it had manifested itself was alien, the wound growing shreds of metal and tiny, copper tipped wires that poked out from between the bloody gash.  He tried to touch one of them and was rewarded with a sharp burn on his fingertip, and a howl of pain from the little girl.  

"It hurts! It hurts!"

He held her tight and inspected the wound carefully, the blue tinge of its edges now a rusted green and yellow.  Tiny, circular metal gears spilled out like maggots, and Paul fought the urge to gag.  Alicia broke free of him and ran to the far corner of the small space, tears streaming down her reddened cheeks.  She grabbed a filthy Mr. Mooney off of the floor and whispered harshly in his battered rabbit's ear, the stuffing stained black.

"That wasn't nice, was it?  Paul is mean.  Paul isn't our friend."

"That's not true," he argued, his voice a bit more harsh than it should have been, but Alicia turned her back to him, her anger flashing daggers at him with her large brown eyes.

She was going to be one of them, he thought, and the knowledge sickened him as he glanced at Alicia's mother, still standing in the centre of the elevator, a pivotal point of disease that stubbornly refused to leave the tiny, putrid space.  He wished he could do something for the kid, find some hidden first aid kit beneath the rot of blood and sand, but even if he did the exercise was pointless.  Those things outside, they were what ruled this space and time.  If he really wanted to cure her, he had to get back to where they started, back in time to that moment when the elevator doors opened and they had hobbled their way in, burying everyone in luggage.

But how could he leave?  His father, his aunt, they'd had it easy, they had a physical wall to scale, a point of reference that was visible to the naked eye.  Not so in here, locked as they were in this metal coffin while scraping, hungry things crawled against the steel, blue claws clicking across the seconds, minutes and hours.

At least the barricade he'd made was secure, the piles of filthy clothes layered in a wet cement thanks to the combination of blood and sand on the fabrics.  Still, it was a temporary respite, one made solely of hope.  There was no breath of relief, only the constant reminder that this was one stand-off of more yet to come.  Alicia's mother, if that's what she could still be called, was proof of that.  She remained immobile in the centre of the elevator, her cell phone still blipping strange coded messages that seemed to answer the flickering fluorescent fixture above them.  Overly bright light filtered in through the pinpricks in the circular window, their white heat hitting the elevator door like lasers.  The cell phone was pressed tight against her ear, the smouldering poison that wafted up from it signifying it had melted against her cheek.  Black plastic poured between the flesh coloured lines that were her fingers, congealing into blobs at what was left of her elbow.  The back of her head sizzled against the onslaught of white light, her forehead sporting a glowing hole that spewed the light's unnatural heat against the steel doors.

He dared to investigate the rows of buttons on the elevator panel, his fingers digging through the slime, the rusted circles refusing to give beneath the gentle push of his thumb.  He had to think.  Remaining in here was going to turn him into another victim of the sands, the hungry maw of time eating him alive as it did everyone else.  He had to rescue Alicia before the infection got worse.  He cast a glance at the strange, heaving lump of flesh that was once her mother, the cell phone blipping in a regular rhythm  They were in an elevator.  They were going somewhere.  All of them were in a hurry and they had no time left.

No, that wasn't true, he thought, frowning.  He had plenty of time.  He'd been stuck on a slow elevator and his hopes of getting his bus on time were dashed.  Alicia was just a little kid, and they didn't experience time the way adults did.  She just hopped and skipped through every minute, living inside of them in happy fragments where the future was nebulous and the past meant nothing.  She could only see blue beaches, and the promise of swimming with Mickey Mouse, not clock-faces or the precision of seconds.

"Mommy's talking to her boyfriend," Alicia said, already forgiving him for hurting her shoulder.  "Mommy's very busy."

"I got that," Paul said, shivering at the way her mother's eyes remained static circles of clear green glass.  

"She's talking to her boyfriend.  To George."  Alicia nuzzled her chin into the filthy remnants of her stuffed rabbit.  "All she does is talk to her boyfriend.  When she doesn't do that, she goes to work.  Work. Boyfriend. Work. Boyfriend.  That's what Gramma says.  She sings it like a song.  Work. Boyfriend."  Alicia bopped her head back and forth, a tune she alone understood.  "Work.  Boyfriend.  Gramma doesn't like George.  She had a fight with Mommy over him.  George doesn't have a job."  Alicia pointed to the blue frill on her swimsuit.  "I like this colour.  Mommy said we're going where it's blue all the time.  In the sky, in the sea.  I want to go swimming.  We're going to live with George in the sea."

"On the sea," Paul said to her.  "If you were in the sea, you'd be a fish."

"We're going to be in the sea," Alicia insisted.  "Swimming around, all day, the sun won't set, the sky stays blue, blue sea, blue fishie Alicia.  That's me."

Arguing with a toddler was pointless, so Paul let her win.  At least she wasn't crying any more, and though her shoulder set off angry sparks every time she raised her arm at least her personality wasn't being tainted.  Not yet, at least.

He ran his fingertips along the rows of eroded buttons on the elevator panel, his skin stained red from rust.  They were all aiming to go somewhere, to get to the ground floor.  They were all leaving.  

His thumb scraped around the edge of the button he knew was marked M for Main.  Alicia's mother with her clear glass eyes seemed to shift where she stood, her scrutiny on him.  He couldn't' be sure if that thing was going to haul out and kill him as quickly as the snapping claws outside, but it was either this or risk remaining in this metal stalemate forever.  From the way the sands stretched out and the horizon pulsed into infinity, forever was too damn long a time.  He pressed it, the button resisting the effort until he gave it the full force of his strength, the creaking press of the tiny circle of metal slowed into molecular spaces of time that crept along rust, along polished steel, along all the stages of its incarnation and eventual death.

A tiny light inside of it flashed green.

The many tentacled, fleshy thing that was Alicia's mother turned towards them, the cell phone melted fully into the side of her face, her arm dug deep inside of her skull nearly to her elbow.  Green lights flickered behind the glass remnants of her eyes.  Zeros and ones.

"What's wrong with Mommy?" Alicia whispered.

"She's not your Mommy."

Paul and Alicia were huddled together as the fleshy thing shifted where it stood.  Sinews snapped and sparked like shorted copper wires.  A tortured buzzing erupted from somewhere in the former woman's belly, its drone carefully measuring their breaths.

"I understand," her mother, who wasn't her mother, said.

Paul stared up at her as if whipped.  The words were spoken in a clipped, business-like manner, certain of a decision that had been made.  With her one arm disabled thanks to it being embedded deep inside of her skull, Alicia's mother kicked and tore at the luggage in the way of the elevator doors, the thick heels of her no-nonsense boots scraping away the cemented remains of the Geek.  

"What's Mommy doing?"  Alicia's voice was a near sob, her tiny body pressed tight against Paul, who himself was as terrified as she was.  "Tell her to stop."

"I can't."

"But you have to.  We're supposed to go to the beach.  We're going to live in the blue, blue sea.  Mommy...Please, don't..."

Her free hand had incredible strength.  With one forceful grip wedged between the metal doors she pushed one of them wide open, the metal screaming against the effort.  She slung a handbag over her remaining shoulder, and with a tearing sound not unlike torn crepe paper, she pulled herself out of her rooted spot in the centre of the elevator and walked out into the clicking chorus of claws.

"Mommy!"

Paul grabbed the open door before the acid sands could find their way in, the snapping claws busy with their latest victim.  There was no horizon out there anymore, there was only the rip and tear of blue exoskeletons, their numbers as thick as the atoms in the air.  

"Mommy!"

Tears thick, hot and salted.  Abandoned.  Scared.  

"Mommy!"

IX.

Alicia lay sobbing in his arms.  The woman who left wasn't her mother, hadn't been since the elevator had crashed, or maybe it was even before this where she lived solely for the next boyfriend, as Alicia claimed her grandmother believed.  Maybe Alicia had been like so much luggage, to be discarded as easily as the past when one's foot was out the door.  His own mother had done the same thing.  It was no wonder he was the only one who understood the kid.

"Why won't she come back?"

Always, that residual hope hiding in a child's understanding.  He couldn't tell her there was no going back now, that her mother and all hope of her was swallowed up into the bellies of those things outside, rendered by the tearing claws of time.

It as all about time.  His own life, it was always dictated by how other people wanted him to spend his time, like it was something you kept in the bank, saving it for a rainy day or when you were short on the rent.  No one ever said follow your own rhythm, they wanted to steal his time away, to force him to use it in ways he didn't want to, to waste his own time while others moaned about how their time was lost.  He didn't want to live a measured life like his father did, punching in clocks and measuring out seconds day in and out, hating every boring second of his life on a job he hated.  The world had evolved into a place of careful measurements of clockwork movements, orchestrated to feed an infection that hovered on the consciousness of their mortality.  Time measured.  Time wasted.  Time devoured, second by minute.

"She's not coming back," Alicia wept.  When she raised her head to look on him with baleful eyes he could see her pupils were now split into a short and long hand, her iris infected with random roman numerals.  She rubbed at them with the back of her hand.  "My eyes hurt."

Everything is gone, Paul wanted to say, but he kept the painful words to himself.  With only Alicia's sobbing for company, he leaned his back against the steel wall of the elevator, feeling the tapping pulse of the claws as they tested the bolts holding the metal box together.  Soon, there would be enough of them to rip the metal to shreds.  He closed his eyes, remaining silent, his time split and chewed as it was digested into solitary experience.

The elevator shifted.

Paul tensed.  Alicia stopped crying, her clock-face eyes seeing nothing but numbers and lines she couldn't interpret.  She buried her face in Mr. Mooney, too terrified to witness the inevitable.  Paul wished his own feelings could be so honest, that he could have some stuffed inanimate thing to bury his face into and sob like an infant.  Like a damned baby.  Like some wailing, dying thing that knew its number was up.

The elevator shifted and pulled upward, bouncing on a cable.  He could feel the way his stomach plunged and retracted, his heart split in half from the pressure.  Alicia held tight onto his legs, her tiny fingers digging into his calf muscle.  He braced himself, hanging on with all the strength he had to the edge of the circular window, the plexiglass smashing inward in thick, jagged pieces.  He'd been so sure they were already dead and yet his instincts screamed for survival, his body reeling against the notion of being torn apart from within as well as without.

The elevator suddenly stopped sending everything on the floor to the soaring to its ceiling, up and through it.  The Geek's body, the blood, the sand, the missing fingers, the head, the blood-stained clothes, up, up and out of existence.

Alicia opened her mouth wide, a wooden cuckoo spilling out instead of her scream.

X.

The elevator doors opened.

They were on the ground floor.

Bodies bustled back and forth, a busy crowd of ethereal souls that rushed through the spaces between time.  Paul and Alicia, hesitating at first, left the elevator prison behind, its hollow emptiness beckoning more into its hungry maw.  They stepped out of the way of the Geek, his skin now pasty pink with health.  At the front of the building, Big Vein stood with briefcase in hand, the other in his pocket as he checked to be sure the half full whiskey flask he'd hidden in his coat was still there.  The blonde he'd named Kitty was searching out apartment numbers since she'd forgotten the address of her waiting client.  Her hair was probably ruined.  The horn of a taxi beeped with impatience and Alicia's mother hurried past all of them, a collection of luggage piled on a small trolley that she dragged behind her.

"Mommy!" Alicia shouted with excited joy, her small hands reaching out to grab her.  Her fingers only just brushed the back of the woman's legs as she kept on walking.
She left the building, heading for the taxi, oblivious of the child who so desperately wanted to be with her.  Paul couldn't console Alicia, couldn't tell her that her mother, like all the others on the main floor, was just a wisp of memory rushed through a series of measured seconds.  All of them nothing more than grey souls infected by the ever pressing push of time.  Alicia's hand fell to her side as her mother dissipated like smoke through the front doors of the building, the taxi slowly fading as the door was opened, to finally disappear when her mother got in.

They went back into the lobby.  Paul and Alicia stood side by side in front of the elevator.

With quiet resignation, they pressed the button and waited for it to return.

The clock above it kept ticking.  

It can't help it.  Big hands, little hands, they ride life with all the force of antibodies, the seconds full of viruses.  Time doesn't think.  It doesn't reason.  It plods along, blue claws clamouring towards infinity.  It buries dreams in sand.  It cleaves expectations in half.  

The elevator's steel doors opened.  

"Mommy didn't see me," Alicia said.  Her face was buried in the forehead of Mr. Mooney, her ragged stuffed rabbit.

Paul gave her hand a squeeze as they walked back in.

"Maybe next time," he said, as the doors closed behind them.














DREAMS OF DEAD THINGS 
short stories





INTERESTING DRUG

They hadn't crawled out of their graves, but the scars of death remained on the bruises that lined their arms, a poignant longing in their sunken eyes and cheeks.  They lined the hospital corridor, a shifting, unnameable mass, hands twitching helplessly at their sides.  The swinging door opened and shut as the orderly pushed his way through, letting out a waft of rotting flesh that smelled vaguely of human excrement.  Gathered against a large pane of glass, living relatives pressed forward, vying for a good look at the meekly shuffling creatures who slowly paced the corridor.  There were tears in one woman's eyes as she watched the small crowd, a Kleenex held tight in her skeletal grip, her mouth a thin line as she pointed to the young woman marching aimlessly into the wall, like a stuck wind up toy.  The tall, gangly man beside her made a few notes in a small notebook before shoving it back into his inside suit pocket, a grim nod given to the woman's grief.

He left the lost and found, a nickname the corridor already earned, and approached his partner, who already chatting up one of the young nurses at the admittance desk.  "Confirmed," he said, and the cheerful flirting of his co-worker suddenly morphed into dark emotion.

"Damn," he said.  "I was really hoping it wasn't true."

"How old is she, do you remember?"

"Fifteen, I think."

The nurse at the desk gave them both a sympathetic glance before clutching a pile of patient reports close to her chest and bringing them to the ever burgeoning pile of new admittance.  Detective Sergeant Greg Howles knew the situation was dire, as did anyone who happened to be involved in the front lines.  But as usual, undead junk addicts didn't grab the headlines the same way undead celebrities did.  There's no romance in death for the plain and untalented.

"How's her mom holding up?"

"Barely."

His partner, Detective Mike Grimes, slid a toothpick into his mouth and bit into it distractedly.  He'd only recently given up smoking, a bad move on his part.  The lack of nicotine had left him hungry, and his black eyes betrayed the lack of meals and his subconscious, greedy need.  "I been thinking about this," he said, the toothpick hanging at the corner of his mouth, giving him a street smart appeal.  "I think it's all happening on purpose."

"Of course it is."  Holmes dug his hands into the deep pockets if his trenchcoat, one palm brushing against the metal whiskey flask he'd hidden in it.  "An immortal drug addict--Looks like a constant supply and demand scheme to me."

~*~

The walls were pink, with scattered pictures of healthy boy band faces and fluffy kittens cut from magazines taped in a large collage over her dresser mirror.  On the surface of the dresser was the usual collection of teenaged self expression and angst.  Smeared, broken lipsticks, a dirty CD left out of its cover, perfumed powders and bits and pieces of hair ties.  A tangled gold necklace lay in a heap beside a ratty looking headband.  The junk of youth.

Her mother sat on the edge of her daughter's bed, a blue teddy bear perched on her lap.  She was painfully thin, her neck a tangle of bulging sinews.

"I didn't even know she had a problem," she confessed.

"No one ever thinks their child does."

He wanted to tell her he understood.  That it happened to the best of them, that what her daughter had taken was so innocuous, so painstakingly simple, that it was a miracle all of them weren't in that corridor, bumping into the walls over and over like blind, broken toys.

The girl's mother sniffled and Howles handed her a tissue.  He always made sure to keep a good supply on hand these days.

"We were so careful," she said.

"I know you were."

She hugged the blue teddy bear close.  "We always monitored what she ate, read all of the ingredients.  Never bought anything that wasn't processed at a trusted facility.  We even grew our own lettuce, using a hydroponics kit, like the one the news channel said was best."  

He handed her more tissues, a sick feeling welling in his gut that the little flask of whiskey he had hidden in his deep, cold pocket wasn't going to do a lick of good for him this evening.  He'd have to stop by at the organics liquor provider on the way home.  Though he wasn't sure why he'd make the extra effort, not when it was so easy for that unhealthy additive to sneak its way in.

His cell phone rang, and he felt an inward surge of embarrassment at having to cut short this poor woman's grief.  He checked the number, and wasn't surprised to see it was his partner.  "I'm sorry," he said to her, and stood up.  "I have to get this."

She nodded, but she didn't see him.  He could have tap-danced in front of her she was so blind to everything but her grief.

He went into the hallway to answer the cell.  Seemed his whole life was full of nothing but narrow spaces these days.

"Yeah, what do you got?"

"Bag of chips," Grimes said, triumphant.  "Found it in her school locker.  It's got a knock off organic label, pretty close to the real thing until you run it under black light.  Getting clever, these bastards."

"A bag of chips," Howles repeated.  "Jesus."

There were little avenues for escape, because no matter how many public service ads went out about the dangers of junk food, the average teenager was always on the hunt for the next sugar high or salt lick.  It seemed biological, this need for things that were bad for them, actively sought out, a thrill ride for the metabolism similar to standing on the edge of a wind-whipped cliff.

He glanced over his shoulder, soft whimpering emanating from the young girl's bedroom.  He would have to go in there, and let her know what they just found out, and that the only humane solution is extermination.  

He shrugged his trenchcoat closer and left the hall.  Bad news didn't get any worse the longer you sat on it.  It could wait until tomorrow.

~*~

He checked and rechecked the label on the bottle, the black light not revealing any tell tale signs of forgery, but it was getting harder to tell these days, what with the cartels catching onto their technology.  The clerk behind the counter sighed and gave an understanding shrug to the dozen or so people still waiting in line, people who no doubt would be equally as careful in their inspection.  

"I got it off the company delivery truck this morning," the clerk said.  He had dark circles, and was rail thin, as were the rest of the people in line.  They swooned where they stood, like human willows.  "It's the real deal."

The price tag was certainly enough to prove his story.  He sighed and got out his wallet and paid for it.  He still wasn't wholly confident--no one was these days--but it was this or starvation or death, or worse, undeath.  Not that it mattered.  He'd be long gone, way past the point of suffering from any of those afflictions.

His cell phone rang as he left the liquor store, and he cursed it, again.  "What now, Grimes?"

"Got a hit on a supplier," Grimes said, eager, too eager.  "Place down dockside, near the old bridge.  You're not far from there, right?"  He could hear buttons being pushed.  A GPS, pinpointing him in time.  They knew where every human being was every second of the day, but no one could say for sure where the food they put in those bodies came from.  A truck here.  A lab there.  Flecks of dust seeping into oranges.

"Yeah, like I thought, you're at that liquor store on Felix St.  Hang a right and keep going straight for ten minutes, and you'll see what I'm talking about."

He felt light headed from hunger, but he couldn't stop now, he didn't have time to go over the labels and the packaging at the grocery store to make sure every morsel was safe.  One false move, one potato chip later, and he'd be in that corridor, meandering through it with mindless purpose, his face bumping into the walls, a dead thing, a breathing automaton.

Damn, but he was hungry.

He kept walking, making friends with the dark.  He passed a few other withered souls, their bodies ravaged by near starvation, bringing home their meagre rations.  He could smell the contents of their bags, tiny balls of organic cheeses, carefully wrapped hydroponically grown apples.  Every molecule of nourishment accounted for and labelled.  

He paused in mid stride and pulled out his mickey of whiskey.  He opened it with a twist of his palm, and took a large gulp.  It burned his insides as it went down, but the heat was pleasant, and it made him forget how hungry he was for something more than organic beet extracts and small, genetically sound chicken breasts.  The drug cartels wanted addicts, but what they had really done in their ignorance was create a race of corpses, some more aware of their death than others.

He made it to the bridge Grimes had described to him, and shuffled along the wall, the whiskey finally affecting him.  There was no one here, though his memory brought back images of scruffy homeless men and women, huddled around a makeshift fire created out of a barrel drum.  There was no room for poverty now, not with the cost of safe food being what it was.  The garbage pickers had succumbed to the additive long ago and had been quickly exterminated, and those who survived starved to death.  Food was more precious than money, and there wasn't a soul left who would let a crumb go to waste.

He staggered underneath the bridge, and came across a large, steel door that was partially opened.  He pushed it, and slid inside, the whiskey swilling nastily in his gut.  Something was wrong, he thought.  He couldn't focus properly, his eyes not wanting to see in the dim light that shone within.

There were boxes and boxes of food.  Crisps, Crackers.  Cookies.  Cakes.  Everything that started with the letter 'C', a quick one stop shopping spree of junk and more junk, all of it hidden beneath the rails of the bridge above.  Beautiful, colourful, horrible junk.  Destined to clog the arteries, kill the brain cells and, most important of all, satisfy that craving for calories that the human body so desperately wanted to live on.

He couldn't remember the last time he had eaten something.  Was it yesterday?  He pulled the whiskey out of his side pocket and took another swig.  Damn, it tasted bland this time around.  It sat in his gut, rolling around like a living thing.  He shivered and hugged his trenchcoat close around him, his thin shoulders hunched as he took out his cell phone.

"It's in here," he said to Grimes.  "Boxes and boxes of the stuff.  The kids are probably getting into it on a dare."

"We'll clear it out," Grime promised.

He closed his cell phone and pocketed it next to his bottle.  He felt woozy.  Strange.  As though he was slipping away, into a dream, into a place full of white sheets and the heady aroma of a roasted steak.  

He followed the scent, blind, knowing only the lure of hunger.  His face bumped into the walls, his feet shuffling.  Somewhere, in the darkening edges that were the remnants of his mind, a starving mother wept for her undead and dead daughter.  Above it all rose the hunger, gnawing through his consciousness, forcing him to open a box, to take out a bag of crisps and, before he knew it, to release one on his tongue in a satisfying crunch.

Salty, he thought, and nothing more.




SOMETHING IN THE WATER

She trailed her fingers along the surface of the pond, and shivered when the koi nibbled at them, their slimy bodies eager to be petted, like underwater cats.  She gently caressed the large white one's head, his eyes seeming to put her into focus from beneath his watery home.  She smiled and then reached into the can she had brought outside, and when the others saw it they all crowded to her in a feeding frenzy, golden fins glinting in the sunlight.  She tossed them morsels of food and watched as they gaped their mouths out of the water to consume every pebble.

"Sarah!" she heard her mother call.  "Sarah, it's time for lunch!"

She stood up and wiped her hands on her skirt, reluctant to leave her friends behind.  "I'll be back in a little while," she whispered to them, and they seemed to understand her, dispersing away from her as she left to hide their feathery golden fins in the shadows beneath the reeds.  

She played a private game of hopscotch as she made her way to the back porch, her heels skipping over every other stone.  Her mother held a sandwich aloft, and a cup of juice, which Sarah reached out to take.

"Not so fast, young lady, go wash your hands."

"It was only the fishies."

"Never you mind, those fishies are dirty, dirty creatures.  They swim in their own poop."

Sarah frowned as she stormed into the house, angry at her mother's condemnation.  That wasn't fair, she thought, her childish mouth clenched tightly closed lest she let out a frustrated scream.  They were her friends, it was mean to be talking about them like that.

Still, she had to admit her hands did smell a little, well, fishy as she washed them, the scent of koi now replaced with a hint of rose perfume.  She skipped out of the washroom, drying her hands with vigorous shakes as she made her way into the kitchen, a sandwich held outstretched from her mother's impatient grip.  

Peanut butter and jam, her favourite.

"Sit down at this table, Missy."

But Sarah was a wilful child, and she ignored the command, choosing instead to run out the front door, her tiny legs taking her with amazing speed back to her preferred perch on a rock, overlooking the pond, the hungry koi lapping at the surface, searching for their only human friend.  She took huge bites of her sandwich and smiled when tiny crumbs littered the surface of the water and the koi hungrily fought over them.  She picked off pieces of her crust and gave them larger treats, which they clearly appreciated.  In the distance, she could hear her mother hollering, but that was in some far away place, where grown ups dried up like dead leaves on land, not like here, where the fishies and their gills lapped at the water, a universe of cold, wet comfort.

A black fish hovered near the back of the reeds, refusing to come out to play.  She could see a long, dark fin floating out from beneath the shadowy lines, a wisp of tissue paper.  She tossed a fairly large chunk of bread towards it, but the black fish refused to move.  The other koi darted towards the piece of bread, only to hesitate, and hug the shore close to Sarah.  The piece of bread floated on the surface, untouched, bloating into wet mush.  

The black  fish didn't want to be friends.

~*~

Small dreams floated in the air above her bed as she lay counting the shadows, her doll clutched close to her heart.  Images of the happy, hungry koi filled her with a bubbling, giggling mirth that threatened to overflow as she dreamt her way into the darkness, a feeling of hugged security overwhelming her.  She wondered if fish slept, and whether or not they closed their eyes.  If they snored, did they leave trails of bubbles that popped along the surface, bits of fishy kisses erupting into the night air.  

It was difficult to sleep, wondering about such things.

She could hear her parents snoring, their mouths wide and slack like gasping fish as they sucked in air and released it with reluctance.  The walls to her bedroom shook from their violence, making it impossible for a tiny, dreaming girl such as herself to properly fall asleep.  She gave up and tossed her bed covers to the floor--it was too hot a summer night anyway--and she rested her chin on her windowsill, gaining a good view of their extensive backyard.  The cottage was alive with fragrant flowers and moonlight that danced along dew kissed leaves.  A frog chirped a warning and escaped with a sudden splash into the pond.  She could see the moon cut into fragments on the surface of the black water.  Something white and frothy thrashed for a few moments, and then all was silent and still.

She couldn't sleep.  Not with the snoring wall beside, nor the idea of droopy eyed fishies drifting into dreams.  Did they grow legs in their slumber, she thought.  Did they crawl out of the black water with salamander intent, seeking her out, wanting her to join them, to be their friend?

At least they wanted to be friends...Not like that ugly black fishie that hid in the reeds, not coming out to say hello.  Snobby little fishie.

She pouted as she looked outside, her fingers smearing the glass windowpane as she thought about how hot it was in her room, and how good it would feel to have a nice, night-time breeze blowing over her clammy skin.  She tucked her rag doll under her arm and snatched up a pair of slippers.  The snoring would hide the sound of her pattering as she walked down the corridor, and ever so carefully pushed the screen door open, her little feet guiding her down the sleek, grey stones that led to the pond.

The air was chillier than she expected, and she shivered as she approached the pond, the thick, rubbery leaves that partially obscured the view sliding against her bare arms like licks of ice.  The pond was a perfect mirror as she approached it, an exact replica of the sky above reflected on its surface.  A grey cloud hovered near the far shore, then slipped silently out of sight.

There was a different feeling now, one she couldn't properly define.  Not quite fear, but close, a sensation that there was something very wrong with the pond and her friends, that everything was far too still, as though none of it was alive.  She crept close to the pond, and perched on her favourite stone, her eager, wide eyes staring back at her from the water.

"Little fishies," she whispered.  "Are you sleeping, little fishies?"

There was a soft movement beneath the water and her heart sang, only to fall again as she saw that it was the black fish who had not wanted to be her friend.  She felt a sudden rush of anger at this intrusion of her reunion with those who were her real companions, and she put her hand in the water, shooing him away.  He slid around her fingers, and behind her hand, as though using her for shelter.  Strange, she thought.  He seems scared.

Then, in a sudden rush of motion, her colourful koi friends darted into view, churning the water so violently it looked as though it were boiling.  "My friends!" she couldn't help but exclaim, only to bite down on her tongue, fearful that her parents would hear her.  She didn't want them to wake up and force her to abandon her midnight visit, not when she'd been so careful.

The koi sloshed around her hand, which was still in the water, long, sharp fins scraping along the sides of her palm.  They were different, somehow, beneath the moonlight, their friendliness taking on a rather sinister sheen.  The little black fish darted further behind her hand, digging itself into the muck beneath the rock she was perched on.  She leaned over, trying to get a better view, her hand splayed on the slimy bottom of the pond.  She faltered, and tried to get a better grip, but the water tugged her in, and the moon gave her a shove, and before she knew it she was on the bottom, tangled in reeds, unable to escape.

The water was murky, and cold and rank.  She briefly struggled to get out, but the koi had gathered over top of her, their huge, strong bodies weighing her slight form down.  They pushed her to the bottom, for now that they had her, they weren't going to let her go, not back to her warm bed and the snoring wall and the days full of sunshine.  She was locked to them now...Fishy eyes and gaping mouths and filthy, murky water.

The tiny black fish wriggled out from under her and made its escape to the far side of the pond.  It found refuge near the frog's lair.  A safer, more predictable, foe.

~*~

"Sarah?"

She felt funny as she staggered up the path, her body caked in mud.  She wanted to say sorry, but her mouth was full of roe, her gut a squirming mass of little fishie friends that had already hatched.  Out of the water, her eyes clouded over, like the fish at the supermarket, fuzzy dots ruining her vision.  Her mother stood on the porch, her arms crossed, her face scowling.  "You're in big trouble, Missy," her mother shot at her.  "What have I told you about going to that pond all alone?  You're lucky you didn't drown."

Lucky.  Is that what this was?

"Get inside and get cleaned up, I'll get your breakfast.  Go wash your hands, go on."

Sarah made her way inside, the funny feeling getting worse.  She couldn't breathe, she realized, or rather, she didn't need to breathe.  There was an understanding, somewhere in her gut, that she was supposed to get air eventually, but there was no pressing need, not right now.  

She ran the cold water, and picked up the rose scented soap.  Its perfume made her gag.  Far better was that fishie scent that clung to her.  She ran her fingers through her tangled hair, and bits of algae fell into the sink, along with other, wriggling friends.

There was something wrong with her throat.

Her skin was a dull sheen.  Waxy, almost.  A thin layer of slime covering it.  She wiped at her throat with a towel, the mucous clinging to it.  Was she supposed to be happy, she wondered, that her fishie friends had given her a gift?

She poked a dirty fingernail under the red welts just beneath her ear.  They gaped on their own, seeking denser air than what they found on land.

The bathtub.  She'd fill up the bathtub.  It wouldn't take too long, soon she would be in cold, clean water, her head dipped beneath it, her breaths even and deep.  They were her friends, the fishies.  With her head underwater, she could hardly hear her mother, complaining to her father that she was headstrong, a little foolish, that coming to the cottage was a mistake.  She closed her eyes, dreaming of a giant, ocean sized pond full of friends.  She bring them both, she thought, her mother and her father, to the edge of the pond.  They had to know what it was like, to feel the pull of scales and slimy water.  

They could be underwater, just like in the song.  They would swim and join the others, a whole school of them joined together.  Once deep in the water, they'd beckon to the shore at everyone who came to the water's edge.  Sarah smiled, knowing it was true.  The roe jostled in her stomach, tiny larvae welling in her throat.  Come to the water's edge, she thought, as a crayfish crawled out of her ear.  

Come, and be my friend.




MOO

"It's that damn feed, I'm telling you.  Look at the way that flank of hers is quivering.  The flies just can't leave her be none, either."  He wiped his sweating brow with the back of his hand, his eyes creased in concern.  "This ain't right, Joe."

Joe Grady put down his suitcase, heedless of the thick manure he was standing knee deep in.  He took a Kleenex out of the side pocket of his suit and dabbed at his face, smearing off the relentless summer sweat.  His pants were ruined, covered in shit as they were.  Being a lawyer for Monsanto meant he got to wear the good suits, and even now since he'd switched loyalties and gone with their newest main competitor, good threads were a staple.  He wiped at his face again, the small tissue balled up into a useless shred of tenderized paper.  Murray, the farmer who ran this particular cattle lot, was expecting an answer.  He stood outside of the pen, his knees pressed against the wooden enclosure.  

"Well?" Murray said.

"I don't know what to tell you.  It's some kind of sickness, but there's no way it could have come from what she's eating."

Murray spat into the thick manure of the pen.  An uninfected cow in the enclosure next door gave him a shocked look.  "All I know is, my cattle were just fine before I started giving them that product, and now look at them...Swayin' and frothin' at the mouth like they rabid dogs.  Your feed made my stock sick, and damn if I'm going to pay that company of yours one red cent for killing off my margin."

Joe eyed the cow, who seemed to know what the conversation was about.  She swayed back and forth, her massive head a halo of flies.  She was slow moving, but stubborn, as she placed one hoof after the other, making her way towards Joe, forcing him to get a good look at her.  He shuddered as he got a good view of the gaping hole that was once her eye, the remaining one a milky white.  The flies were so thick around her head you could hardly see the other signs of rots.  They buzzed into his ear, and he slapped them away, only to have a million take their place.  He wrenched his feet out of the muck of manure and began the stinking, slimy trudge back to where farmer Murray was waiting.  "Your cow got sick from something else.  Just eating grain wouldn't do this."  The corner of his briefcase dripped cow shit.  He shook it, hoping to get some of it off.

"Look, I know my stock, and I know my cows.  We got them plenty of the antibiotics and them hormone shots to keep them from keeling over before their time.  Never had no problem before, not ever.  The day after we give them your grain, this whole half of the lot goes like that.  Been like this for a week, now.  Been trying to keep the others from getting infected, and I switched 'em back to what their used to, but I'm worried.  They's been contaminated already, and who's to say they won't end up like this after all.  Could be a delayed reaction."  He chewed on his words, but it didn't make them any easier to digest.  "I'm looking at some big losses here.  Your company needs to pay for it."

Joe paused.  He remained knee deep in shit and squinted up into the sunlight streaming down at him from behind farmer Murray's head.  "You know as well as I do that they won't do that, Murray."

Murray spat on the ground inside the pen.  Excited flies laid siege to his phlegm.  

 "They damned well better."

 

~*~


He'd stayed at this particular bed and breakfast countless times before, and while he wasn't her favourite customer, Margarite made sure he was comfortable and well fed.  But this evening, the elderly woman was irritated and rushed, and Joe couldn't be sure if it was because she was rushing off yet again to visit her sick husband in hospital, or if it was the thick layer of cow manure that he'd peeled off onto her porch.  She made clucking noises as she left the kitchen wearing thick rubber gloves.  "It's not like I'm a busy woman, or anything," she said, laying the guilt on thick.  "Coming in here, with pants all dirty like that."

"Farmer Murray wasn't about to give me a pair of his jeans," Joe said to her.

"No.  He wouldn't.  Not when that company of yours is causing him to lose his shirt."  She darted her head around the corner, inspecting the plate she'd made for him for dinner.  "Went through all the trouble of cooking you a meal and all you do is poke at it."

Joe's fork pierced the tender piece of steak that lay in a pool of thin, red gravy on his plate.  The pink meat glistened, like the back half of that cow's rotted eye socket.

"I'm not really hungry," he said, and pushed his plate away.

She snatched the plate from him and stormed back into her kitchen.  Cutlery and porcelain clashed with angry purpose in her sink.  Joe sighed, wanting to go in an apologize to her, but he knew the effort was fruitless.  He was the enemy here, the man who was destroying someone's livelihood.  Hell, maybe it was partly his fault Margarite's husband was lingering halfway between life and death at the local hospital all this time.  Whatever was wrong in their lives, Joe was to blame.  It wasn't the right perception, but he was used to it by now.  He sipped at his coffee, hoping to wash away the unreasonable guilt that kept welling within him, along with the idea of that awful steak.

He grimaced.  The cream in his coffee was sour.

 
~*~

 
His dreams were full of cow manure and guts, eyes limping out of their sockets, flanks exposed, with ribs that tore through the thinned flesh.  Saliva, pink tinged and thick, drooled from a bovine mouth.  It hobbled its way towards him on thin, rendered legs that shouldn't have been able to support its weight let alone move.  It couldn't see, but it could smell him.  He backed away, only to fall on his ass into the thick muck.  He could feel himself getting sucked inside of it, the manure taking claim of his body as the sick cow marched over him, its rotted belly slit open, entrails cascading across his face as he seeped down, deep into the stinking bog of waste.  Above him, as the filth took him, the hooves of a million dead cows marched.  A slow, patient plodding that cared nothing about human appetites.

He woke up to the smell of a breakfast steak cooking on the stove.  The slimy trail of meat from his dream was still thick in his memory.  He groaned, and slid on the complimentary housecoat Margarite had provided for her guests.  It stank of mothballs and had holes in the sleeves.

It took him a few moments to realize the usually dour Margarite was singing.  The pop and sizzle on her breakfast griddle was punctuated with snippets of happiness that welled out of her being in a strange, uncharacteristic cheer.  Joe rubbed the sleep out of his eyes as he made his way down the stairs and into the dining room.  Margarite was all smiles when she saw him, and before he could even find his seat she had plunked a massive breakfast offering of muffins, toast, eggs, juice, steak, bacon and strawberries at his place at the dining table.  "You eat on up," she said, cheerfully.  "You didn't have hardly no dinner.  Make up for it with a nice, big breakfast."

He poked at the steak with his fork, its rubbery, overcooked texture making him wince.  "I'm...This is great and all, but I'm not a big breakfast eater."  He reached for his coffee and put two sugars in it before hesitating with the creamer.  He put it down, opting to take his coffee black.  "I don't recall you going through this kind of trouble before."

"Oh, it's no trouble," Margarite crooned.  She fanned her face with a loose whip of her dishtowel.  "I guess I'm just in a real good mood.  My Danny's coming home today."

Joe stopped in mid sip of his coffee.  "Your husband?"

"That's the one."

"But I thought he was dying."

"Of the cancer, yes.  But it's all gone now.  They say he's making a full recovery. He's coming home this afternoon."  She pushed the plate towards Joe.  "Go on now.  A bit of steak won't kill you."

He reluctantly tucked into it, his mind still trapped in his nightmare and the memory of Murray's blight.  The chewy meat was unpleasant and sour on his tongue.  He washed it down with a good helping of hot coffee and faked his most charming smile in Margarite's direction.  "Well...Congratulations," he said.  

She ignored him, her heart full of a happy song that refused to question how it came to be that a man in third stage cancer was coming home with a clean bill of health.  Joe eyed his plate speculatively, and then dismissed the idea as soon as it had formed.  No way.  That kind of reasoning was madness.


~*~


"Just got one big one left.  That's how it is with this thing."

Joe stared with open mouthed horror at the bovine monstrosity standing before him.  Yesterday, the pen had been full to bursting with infected cows and now...

"Only one left?" he asked, again.

Farmer Murray spat on the ground at Joe's feet.  "Eeyup."

"But..." Joe eyed the eyeless cow, its quivering, huge flanks and its open sores and its vile, rotted flesh stench making him gag.  "What happened to them?"  He caught Farmer Murray's shifty gaze and swore at him.  "Come on, you can't expect me to believe this."

"Does I need to spell it out for you?" Murray said.  "This one gone and ate up the other ones."

"That's impossible."

"You tell me what happened, then.  We got motion sensors all over this damned place, we'd of known is someone had come in here and taken them.  The dogs didn't never bark and we got a patrol that goes around with a rifle, ready to take out the coyotes.  Work fast, that's what they do.  One big one takes up all the littler, sicker ones, just like that.  Big fish, little fish."

"It's a fucking cow." Joe wiped the sweat from his brow with his very expensive silk tie.  "They don't go around eating each other like that.  They're herbivores, for God's sake."

"Been feeding them cow bones for ages, can't see how the transition to this is so surprising.  Some people don't figure on the natural order of things.  It's all Darwin from here, ain't it?  Now my farmhand Jesse Sanchez, he's gone and run back over the border to save himself.  Says we got demon fires in our pens.  Going to be a hell of a thing to find someone willing to work here now, especially with the kind of stories he'll be telling."  Murray pointed at Joe's chest, digging his finger deep into his clavicle, enough to leave a bruise.  "I want my compensation.  You tell that to your big bad client."

Joe stared back at Murray.  No way was he budging.

"I'm not telling them their grain makes zombie cows."  He stared at the large bovine with the frothing mouth and the hungry gleam in its yellowed teeth.  "You illegally culled sick cattle.  You're not getting one cent."

Murray watched him leave, his head shaking at Joe's stubborn resolve.  "This ain't over," he promised.

"No, Murray," Joe said, his words final.  He hoisted his briefcase into his car and slid into the driver's seat.  "It is."


~*~


Margarite was a very happy woman.

Joe couldn't understand why.

"It's so good to have him home," she crooned.  She clapped her hands and set the table, her motherly figure encased in a pretty flowered dress, her hair carefully coiffed and thick with a layer of hairspray to hold in the grey curls.  Her lips were painted a soft pink, to compliment her complexion, and she wore her special Sunday pearls at her neck, which she nervously touched every few moments.  The table was set with the same elaborate care she had taken with breakfast, complete with a bottle of cheap wine and candles and a plethora of steaks, braised and slathered with onions.  A fresh loaf of baked bread sat beside it.  

Joe felt sick.

"This here is my husband," Margarite proudly told him.  "My Danny.  He sure gave us a scare a while back, but he's doing better now, aren't you, dear?"

Danny gave out a low grunt as a reply.  It wasn't his fault, really.  He was missing most of his lower jaw, and his tongue just sort of hung there, not knowing what else to do.  He moved his head when Joe dry-heaved, the hungry, milky, unseeing whites of his eyes trying to focus on some new prey.  

"Who says steak every day ain't healthy for you?" Margarite cheerfully said.  She plopped a wet juicy one onto Danny's plate, and he poked at it with his blue tipped, mostly rotted fingers.  "Had a couple of these every day, my Danny.  And look at him now, free of the cancer and fit as a fiddle."  She turned a critical gaze on Joe, who was still sitting across from this undead monstrosity, doing his best to make sense of the impossible.  "You only had a bite this morning.  You ought to have filled yourself right up, like my Danny here.  Ain't no shame in enjoying a good meal."

Steak.  Cows.  

One cow standing.  Oh hell, it wasn't like he could just walk away, it wasn't as if the whole world wasn't about to show up on Margarite's porch, complete with CNN cameras and WHO representatives in tow.  Jesse Sanchez wasn't the only terrified ranch hand on Murray's farm.  Murray himself was probably already making the media call, bringing in the big satellite guns of public opinion into his officially failed business.  

This was not good.  Joe wasn't photogenic.  He had a hard time hiding his feelings.  Every photo was destined to pick on his insincerity in every half blurred shot of his shocked face.  Sure, here he was, on the beginning periphery of a disaster, but there wasn't anything he could do about it.  He'd had a bite himself.  It was only a matter of time before he and Danny's desiccated living corpse became the best of friends.  

He smoothed out the wrinkles of his very expensive, lovely silk tie, and swallowed with effort.  It was the last one he would ever buy.

"I like a nice roast, myself," Margarite confided in him.

Of course she did, the zombie cow.

 


THEY  TOOK  MANHATTAN

Key in lock. Turn.  Check once.  Turn.  Check again.  Deadbolt, pushed in, hard.  The smaller one beneath it stuck, refusing to lock, sending Mark's heart rate into a sudden rush of adrenaline panic.  He punched it with his fist, cursed over it, jiggled it until it found the latch.  He breathed a sigh of relief as the bolt of steel finally slid into place, the solid metal door locking him in with airtight safety.

He's not finished.  Not yet.

Mark headed to the windows, their huge grey surfaces clear of all decorative debris so they were easier to inspect.  No cracks were openly visible, but concrete had a habit of allowing in all sorts of natural detritus, even allowing plants to take root.  It would have been better if they had proper, steel casings, with extra fine mesh for ventilation, but even expensive window treatments had their weaknesses.  He'd heard someone on the third floor suffered what was now a familiar fate.  The mesh had been torn free thanks to the combined effort of a group of Crawlies, and once they were in, there was no hope.  

His finger traced a hairline crack that rose up from the corner of the window, the block of concrete showing its wear.  No sunset views from here anymore, the city stretched out like a lazy upside down sky as evening blanketed over it.  He worried the crack with his nail,and cursed when tiny flakes of the concrete gave way.  Probably a root from a vine, the plant invading every seeming organic space it could find.  Entire apartment blocks were covered by them now, the entirety of Queens was one big yawn of green.  

Not that he could see it, of course.  The only real visible view in this place were the dull grey walls and the steel reinforcements that had been put in just after he'd moved.  In the corner, just above where the kitchen windowsill used to be and which now housed a reflective thick layer of aluminium instead of a tiny window, the monitor flickered into focus, bringing the pleasantry of the outdoors into artificial view.  It was difficult to tell if the image was real or if it was another one of those 'panic monitoring' photo montages that the city used on occasion, especially when the Crawlies problem became more pronounced.

He adjusted the monitor so he could get a better view.  The phone rang and he banged his elbow on the corner of the screen in panic, his terror now muted by pain.  "Dammit," he muttered and grabbed his cell out of his jeans pocket.  "What?"

"Is that any way to talk to your girlfriend?" Her voice was overly cheerful, a sunny ray of squeaking happiness that sawed through the crack in the concrete, and almost as annoying a problem.  "I just got back from shopping, and I know you're famished.  Come on over for a few minutes, I got biscuits."

Biscuits.  Famished.  Bloody righteously hungry.  Sheila, his neighbour, his sometime girlfriend and now his greatest liability, was a London expat who had transplanted herself into New York, keen on being an actress.  She'd settled for call centre operator, and shelved all of her creative dreams for a cute apartment in a great location.  He'd been seeing her, on, and off.  Mostly off.

"I can't come over," he said, his voice tense.  "I just locked up."

"I don't know why you're worried, there hasn't been a Crawlies attack around here for weeks."

"That doesn't matter," he said, forming his words slowly, in simple phrases this time.  How often did he have to explain this?  Three times per conversation?  "They go into hiding and regroup.  When they come back, there are ten times as many as there were before."

Sheila wasn't listening.  She giggled over something another woman in her vicinity said, her tinny laugh piercing Mark's ear.  "That's so funny! Did you hear what Carla said?"

"I'm not laughing, am I?" Mark replied.

"Oh come on, stop being such a grouch.  Go on, Carla, tell him what happened at the call centre today--I promise you, darling, you're just going to scream when you hear about it."

He was going to scream all right.  He was going to scream loud enough to make that crack in his goddamned concrete window bigger, and one, just one of those monsters was going to get a leg in, and once they did that, everyone, from mad scientist to lowly janitor, knew that meant the end.  In seconds, you were set to be a million legged snack.  Brains, entrails, spinal cord and mangled, bloodied organs digested with a flick of a gnat's wing, not a shred of flesh left to waste.  Chew on that for a while, Sheila. Have a biscuit with that idea, and a cup of hot tea.

He still had the cell phone pressed against his ear while her annoying friend Carla babbled something about weed killer and an accidental poisoning on the fourth floor of their call centre building, and really none of it was relevant to his life or his needs or what he wanted to talk about because frankly, the world was left with nothing but Crawlies and a handful of human beings too stupid to give it up and get eaten.

"...And then he went into toxic shock, and we thought, 'Well, that's it.  Another IT guy bites the dust' but then he kept flailing around and he just wouldn't die..."

Her voice was like the tip of a broken blade.  Still piercing, but extra painful because it was jabbing into his ear with blunt force.  "Guess some people don't know when to quit."

"I know, right?"

A flicker of movement on the monitor caught his eye, and he shot a glare at it, holding the green swaying leaves in concentrated focus.  He'd seen something.  He could feel it instinctively in his bones, a million little legs creeping along his ribs.  

"Carla I...I have to go."

"Good, we'll keep the door open for you."

"No! I'm not coming over. Tell Sheila to bolt her door, just like I showed her."  A million times, he'd shown her.  Now to be a million times plus one.

There was a muffled exchange as Sheila took her cell back from Carla.  "Nah, the bolt is busted.  Can't get it over."

Rationally, his mind knew that his panic could be misplaced.  It was probably just a branch, stirring in the breeze, an innocent caress of a harmless plant.  

Then, there it was.  A tap, tapping, not unlike Morse code, an interlude measured out in precise movements against the aluminium, echoing across the metal like an unholy wind chime.  

Click, click, tap, tap.  

"Look, I don't know what your problem is these days, but if you can't relax and just live a little, you're going to do yourself in, good and proper."

"Sheila, bolt your fucking door!"

"You live your whole damned life worried about a little bug."

"Millions of little bugs," he reminded her.  "Billions upon trillions."

"That weed killer is supposed to work!" Carla shouted in the background.

"Nothing works!" Mark shouted into the phone.  "Don't either of you watch the news?  They told us, over and over, in images of the Bronx plagues, in articles on Yahoo, shouting out to stock up on Chinese Roach Chalk and resistant fungicides!  What about last Friday?  Didn't you see the carnage on Times Square?"

"It's not that bad..."Sheila began.

"Four billion to one," he reminded her.  Damn, that crack, it was getting bigger, wasn' t it?  What was that, right there, in the corner, a black piece of something, a wiggling, unpleasant poke of a..a..thing..."Four billion of them each for every person in the city and you can't kill them, nothing kills them!"

Sheila snorted.  "Zombie roaches."

"Dammit, Sheila, this is serious!"

Sheila swore under her breath, her patience at its final end.  "I'm not participating in this, Mark.  I'm not part of this delusion of yours.  You are your Crawlie fixation, or whatever it is."  She sighed, unhappy.  "Call me when you've calmed down."

Unbelievable.  She hung up on him.  He stared at his cell phone, at the emptiness of her concern that still lingered around it.  "But Sheila," he said, his voice barely a whisper, his hands shaking.  "I can see them...There's a crack, Sheila.  There's a crack in the concrete..."

But no one could hear him.  They were long, long gone.




MY HEART WILL GO ON

People often said he should have given up long ago, but he just wasn't that kind of guy.  Being sentimental shouldn't be a sin, he thought, and he shouldn't be judged as harsh as he was, because damn if all his friends wouldn't have done the same thing if they'd had half the chance.  It wasn't like he was some kind of freak or anything, he just had a hard time letting go, is all.  He had a big heart, and everyone who knew him understood that.  He was a kittens and roses and puppies kind of guy, didn't even play World Of Warcraft because the guns and violence made him feel woozy.  He was a gentle soul.  A guy who gave his all when it came to love.

So, really, there was no need for them to give him the grief they were, and this intervention or whatever they wanted to call it was entirely unnecessary.

"James," his mother said, her eyes pleading with him, "You know this isn't okay."

"For fuck's sake," his brother George said, rolling his eyes.  His wife pinched him to settle down, but George wasn't having any of it.  "Any idiot can see this isn't right, but my brother has to be the special kind of idiot.  Lucky me."

"This isn't about you," his sister, Martha, interjected.  "This is about James's inability to let go."

"Let go my ass," George replied.  "He went on two dates with the chick and never even got so much as a goodnight peck on the cheek.  If he'd fucked her, maybe I'd get it, but you know he didn't get to first base, let alone second."

James's mother dabbed at her eyes with a carefully folded Kleenex.  "George, you know I don't appreciate your swearing."

"Give it up, Mom, he's a fuckup fucktard and you fucking know it."

"George, you are being an asshole! There's obviously a reason James is doing this."

"Yeah, it's called desperation.  Really, really fucked up desperation."

"I can't listen to this."  Their mother stormed off of the couch and out of the room, her sobs following her as she clutched the Kleenex close to her weeping mouth.  George, ever the one to increase some melodrama, chased after her, followed by his wife, who pleaded with him to leave her alone, a point made moot since James's sister decided to join the dysfunctional fray, entering the kitchen where they had all gathered, fully intent on fixing everyone's issues with pop psychology psychobabble.  The three p's, as James referred to it.

He sighed.  In the kitchen someone had brought up how his mother had never taken them to Disneyland, and the absenteeism of his workaholic father.  It was over.  Even in his own intervention James came second fiddle.  He turned to his girlfriend Marcy and gave her an apologetic shrug.  "I guess we can go home.  I'll pick us up some KC along the way, if you'd like."

She groaned and gave him a wan smile.  A piece of her lip fell off and into her lap.  Not sure what to do with it, and knowing how fussy his mother was about keeping her carpet spotless, he picked up the bloated piece of tissue and tucked it into his shirt pocket.  She shuffled slowly after him as he left his mother's house, her unsteady gait causing her to bump into the coffee table and knock over a bowl of wrapped ginger candies.  He hastily picked them up and righted the bowl, glancing into the kitchen to be sure his leaving wasn't detected.  He needn't have bothered.  George's wife had been insulted by his mother and now there was an all out war over who was being disrespectful to whom.  He could have smashed every Thomas Kinkaide special limited edition plate she had on display and no one would come running.  He let the door slam behind him on their way out.  

Marcy took his hand.  It was cold and clammy.  Hers was kind of slimy, but he didn't mind.  Maybe they'd catch a movie later, he could go to the video store and pick up her favourite, Dawn Of The Dead.  It always scared him so bad he couldn't sleep for days, but then, when one was in love one had to make some sacrifices.

~*~

"You goddamned necrophiliac freak!"

James sighed and deleted his brother's message.  He really didn't appreciate his brother's prejudices, especially when George himself was in a marriage that was all kinds of unhealthy, living with a fat wife who was just grateful to have him around while he spent her father's money.  He was in no room to judge, it wasn't like George knew what love was supposed to look like.  James shook his head as he offered Marcy a raw chicken leg.  "He just doesn't get it," he said to her as she crunched hard on the bones, her teeth ripping into the raw flesh with razor efficiency.  "He doesn't know about taking the good with the bad, or compromise.  None of them do."

It hadn't been easy for Marcy either, he knew, and the strain of his family's unwillingness to accept her was the least of their challenges.  There was also the lingering guilt, which his sister had tried to tell him was the reason he kept Marcy around, not slicing off the top of her head like he was supposed to and burying her in a shallow grave in her backyard.  Sure, he'd run her over, and it was an accident, he understood that well enough.  Marcy did, too, she told him so in the way she didn't go into starvation mode and chew out his throat.  What they had was real, it was true love.  

The chicken legs were quickly demolished, and he handed her a box of assorted bovine guts the local butcher supplied him with, which she dug into with her bare hands, her mouth dripping with intestines and other offal renderings.  She gave him a gory grin and he couldn't help but give her one back.  He cracked open a beer and sat beside her on the couch, flies buzzing around them in a romantic, rotting halo.  

Yeah, she did smell kind of nasty, but not near as bad as his friend Teddy.

~*~

"Dude, this is just plain wrong, man.  This is...this is...what's that word? Consumption, man."

"Compulsion?"

"Yeah, man, that's what I said."

Teddy was on his fourth beer, and James was well into his sixth.  Marcy was busy tearing into another box of guts, ignoring both of them as she took care of her ever increasing hunger.  

"You can't blame yourself for what happened, man." Teddy shook his head as he tipped the bottle to his lips, dribbling beer onto his already dirty t-shirt.  "You didn't see her on the road, she shouldn't have been there.  Just cause you slid out of park ain't a reason to keep her corpse around.  The chick didn't even like you much, man."

"That's not true."  James picked up the mess of bottles and began neatly packing the empties back in the box.  "She was the one who found me, who showed up on my doorstep.  She did it because she felt such a strong connection, our hearts beating in tandem, you know?"

"Nah, man.  That ain't a heart beating, that's just maggots."

"Maybe," James conceded.  "But it was my door she staggered to, my arms she fell into."

"She was hungry and your apartment is the only one visible from the accident."  Teddy drained his bottle and took another one, only to pause as he attempted to open it.  Marcy was looking at him with an unpleasant, ravenous fury in her gaze.  "Don't mean to rain on your happiness and all, man, but she was a real bitch in her living life.  Got me tossed out of the bar more than once."

"I'm sure she had good reason to."  Marcy's fury softened as she glanced at James.  "You are a bit of a dick when you're wasted."

"She's giving you doe eyes because you're the one giving her food."  Teddy put down his beer, he'd had enough.  "Get your head out of the cesspit of love, man.  She's dead and gone, you're just clinging to rot."  He waved a hand at James's attempt to reply.  "Just saying, man, just saying.  I know you gotta believe what you want.  But you'll figure it out.  Just hope it's before your heart gets gnawed on, that's all."

~*~

They were having problems.  Every relationship has a few, but this was one was getting difficult to overcome, and it wasn't for lack of either of them trying.  Like the songs say, sometimes there is a point where things can't be repaired further, and James had to be the one to finally admit it.  It was over.

Marcy had lost most of her chest cavity.  The side of her head had crushed in after she'd bumped into an open kitchen cupboard.  She was falling apart at the seams, and mostly at the joints, and James knew he had to be the strong one, because Marcy just wouldn't be able to do it.  So, he lit some candles, put on some romantic music, and took a deep breath as he sat her down on the maggot strewn couch and began the speech he'd been dreading for months.

"Marcy, you know I love you."

She groaned.  Chunks of her lungs and a little splatter of her liver stained the coffee table in front of her.

"But the last while, it's become clear to me that things just aren't working like they're supposed to between us.  We're drifting apart."  

She reached for a piece of old, raw chicken on the floor, her fingers disintegrating at the digits.

"Falling apart, yeah, I know."  He sighed, looking on her blackened, bloated face with a longing he couldn't contain.  "Marcy, there's no easy way to say this...What we had was special, and I'll always treasure it in my heart..."

She looked up at him, imploring.  Her eye fell out of its socket and plopped wetly onto the floor at his feet.

"But we have to break up."

She groaned, and then, with a grin that was wholly unexpected, she lunged from the couch, her fingerless palms reaching out to grab his throat, sinews snapping with the speed of her movement.  In one fell strike he slid the hatchet across the top of her head, and Marcy, the love of his life, the one true love he would always treasure, fell officially fetid and dead at his feet.

James wept.  He wiped his brow, leaving a stinking smear of brown and black across it.

~*~

"You did the right thing, son."

He took no comfort from his mother's words, and stiffly placed the roses on Marcy's grave.  His brother and his fat wife were waiting impatiently by the car, while his sister did some weird ritual with lemongrass and patchouli that stank up this corner of the cemetery.  They would never understand what he had been through, he knew.  They didn't see the what was beneath the shallow surface of flesh, the bones and guts and ugliness of a real relationship.

"You should get rid of that thing," George shouted to him.

Fuck you, George.

James hugged the mason jar close to his chest.  Inside, the trophy of their love kept beating.  

Nothing would stave off that hunger.  Nothing could stop the passionate, endless misery of the heart.





BREATHING NEW LIFE INTO OLD TECHNOLOGY

"It doesn't matter how much RAM you got, you find the Linux framework and it works, it just does, it talks to the analog and has some issues with the CPU sometimes, but you can make it live again, after you fix the fan and the motherboard and amp up the hard drive and maybe a bit more RAM, like I said..."  Jake paused for a breath.  "Then you get the nanocides, and you put those in it, and before you know it, you're crawling with bits and pieces of shit that work like a charm, especially considering the override features that get them pumping out data at the speed of time."

Dwayne was only half listening.  As usual, Jake had cooked up a half assed scheme to get rid of his latest shipments, but there was no way Dwayne was taking the bait and forking over a ton of cash for dead hardware, not this time.  He 'd learned his lesson over a month's worth of rice and lentils and a rent cheque that damn near tore his last shirt off.  "All you sell is crap," Dwayne said, interrupting his friend's ongoing tirade.  He did his best to look bored, to keep the gleam out of his eye as he glanced into Jake's truck, knowing that underneath all that crap there was always, just out of reach, that one little holy grail that threatened to get away and head for an outer borderland landfill.  "I don't have cash to give to you for nothing."

"It don't have to be like that, my brother, I'll take a down payment. I'll take a dollar if that's all you got."  Jake motioned to the back of his truck, gold tooth gleaming in the afternoon sunlight as he bid Dwayne to take a closer look.  "This here's the motherload of all motherboards, my good friend.  You know you want this."

The truck was full to bursting with long defunct computer and electronic paraphernalia, some of it as old as the late 2000's, the plastics faded and the microchips corroded with rust.  He saw the edges of an apple logo peeking out from beneath a pile of tangled mouse cables and he forced himself to turn away, collectable junk be damned.  "I got too much stuff as it is and I can't move it," he said.  "Sorry, man, business ain't been good.  You got nothing for me today."

But Jake wasn't about to let him off that easy.  He kicked aside the piles of keyboards laying in a decaying heap next to Dwayne's trailer and got into his friend's face, his finger stabbing at his chest.  "Dude, you ain't even listening to what I'm telling you!  I got gold in here!  Mint, pure, priceless gold!"  He relaxed as Dwayne tensed, his own gold tooth glinting with mischievous salesmanship.  "You ain't making me leave without putting something in your hands.  You know I'm good for it!"

Dwayne shoved his hands in the pockets of his loose blue jeans, a feeling of defeat washing over him.  Jake's gleaming tooth said it all--he was just passing time, working his friend up into a frenzy before bringing out the real gem he had hidden in that overburdened truck of his.  

He didn't disappoint.

Jake didn't reach into his truck, or dig under a pile of old connector cables and diskettes that had nearly disintegrated into powder.  He reached instead into his side pocket and pulled out a small baggie, no bigger in circumference than his thumb.  He flicked it with his index finger as though it were an illegal drug, one that Dwayne probably would have found more useful, and cheaper.

"This is it," Jake proudly proclaimed.  

Dwayne remained doubtful.  He took the tiny bag out of Jake's grasp and inspected the contents.  A tiny microchip, no larger than half his pinkie nail hugged the inside corner.  "What is it?"

"The future dredging up the past," Jake cryptically replied.  He held out his hand, waiting on cash.  "Drop me twenty and we'll call this deal done."

Dwayne hesitated.  Twenty was a lot to give up, and the unknown promise of what Jake was selling didn't give him much confidence.  "Ten."

"No way, man, no deals on this one.  Twenty firm."

"But I don't know what it does."

"Miracles, man.  This thing brings the dead to life."

Dwayne raised a brow, turning the package over in his palm.  His gaze drifted to the heavily laden truck with all its layers of junk, and that one, silver apple logo peeking out from beneath the mercury and rust.  "I want the Jobs junk," he said, pointing to it.  "Throw that in too and we got a deal."

Jake clutched at his heart as though he'd been shot.  "You can't be serious, man.  I can get twenty for that Jobs junk alone."

Dwayne handed back the package.  "No deal."

Jake sighed and refused to take it.  He held up his hands, admitting a rare defeat.  "Okay, okay.  You got a deal.  But I'll take that printer you got in that pile over there, that's got some sweet dot matrix action happening."

Dwayne shook his friend's grimy hand, sealing the deal in grease.  

"Sweet!" Jake exclaimed, hopping over to the old printer and taking the various bits and pieces it came in into his gangly arms.  He piled it into his truck and gave Dwayne a friendly wave as he left, not concerned that his friend didn't wave back, and was glaring at the tiny piece of junk in his grip as though it had single-handedly bankrupted him.

~*~

The real question is, what does it do?

Dwayne turned the tiny microchip under the lit magnifying glass, the sterilized tweezers bringing it into a closer view.  It looked like a simple piece of rectangular aluminium at first, but under certain angles of light strange symbols and lines suddenly appeared in a complex, rainbow tinted grid.  The pieces of the ancient MacBook Air he had acquired from Jake probably had more value, but his curiosity was piqued, especially since Jake had so adamantly insisted this thing was special.  He'd spent most of the morning piecing the Mac back together, a slow, painstaking process that had little gain attached.  The museums were glutted these days with old Sony Vaio's and iPhones.  This machine was slightly rarer, and might pay his rent for another month.  

He took the tiny chip over to the Mac motherboard and rested it on it, puzzling over how he was going to extract the information sitting inside of it without destroying it.  He had tried putting it through the junk pad diagnostics, but had no luck.  He'd just upgraded, too.  Either this thing was really old, or it was scary new.  If it was the latter, he was going to have some problems selling it, because it was no doubt a stolen developmental chip, worth tons on the black market and a few dozen years in jail if he was caught owning it.

But there was still that question that Jake had put into his brain, rooting into his curiosity and refusing to let go.

What does it do?

He could see what it was doing now.  Absolutely nothing.

He slid off his glasses and pinched the bridge of his nose, exhausted.  He needed a beer break, and now was as good time for it.  He pushed his chair away from his lab table, scattering a pile of ancient manuals and cannibalized monitor screens in the effort.  The trailer he lived in on the lot was as piled full of junk as the outside was, with layers and layers of circuit boards and old DVD drives plastered tight against the walls.  There was a small path forged from his lab table to the mini fridge, and he shuffled towards it, the light from the fridge hurting his eyes when he opened it.

There was a ping.  Then a click.  And then a sound, a single, confident tone that erupted through the silence of the trailer, making Dwayne pause as he opened his can of beer.  He sipped at the suds and stared back at his lab table quizzically, unsure of where that other light was coming from.

The Jobs junk.  

A happy face bid him good evening.  The MacBookAir.  It was working.

~*~

There didn't seem to be any prejudice in its programming.  It didn't matter what kind of junk he put together, Mac, Apple, Commodore even an ancient, brutally battered Tandy--the chip once placed inside did its magic and began a healing process that left Dwayne in shocked awe.   Circuitry grew and reached out for appropriate footholds, sinewy, magnetic lengths piecing together in shocked precision.  All he had to do was stand back and watch as the old was made new again, into out of the box freshness.  As the hours went on, his trailer began to empty, bits and pieces of other electronic junk cannibalized into entirely new beings.  

It was a dangerous prospect, the more he thought on it, because this little strip of metal was instantly making his own job obsolete.  He had to be smart, Dwayne realized, he had to take full advantage of what this hyperdrived recycler could mean for him in the short term, and thus pay for his obsolescence in the long term.  The museums might get suspicious if he kept giving them prime specimens, so he had to pace it out, make them believe in his rare form of magic without alerting the authorities.  He would have to go the private sale route, black market these babies and carefully monitor their sales to keep the price tag high.  He would still need the warehouse.  He was going to need more of Jake's junk, and he could stockpile and control the flow of inventory.  Maybe he could even specialize, going for all the pre '90's garbage that the museums found so precious.

Behind him, all around him, the tiny speck of a box grew into other components, soldering and rewiring at will, like a possessed tapestry of circuit boards and carefully woven keystrokes.  Of course, mechanics were one thing, the real test would be whether or not this thing could preserve the computers' original programming--an added bonus, but Dwayne wasn't holding his breath for *that* insane a miracle.

He was right to be suspicious.  The MacBookAir hummed to life when he hit the button, it gave all the right soft moans and tonal greetings, but there was a strange symbol in place of the infamous apple, and instead there was a long, curved logo, a rather complex 3D rendering of a rounded blade and a long, straight black handle.  He frowned as he looked at it, wondering where he'd seen it before.

Hallowe'en.  

Weird, he thought.  A scythe, just like the ones the kids ran around with on Hallowe'en, slashing into the filthy air as they ran across the tightly knitted roofs, from tenement to tenement, harmless blades held high as they threatened to bring down a plastic plague.  The debris of nearly a hundred years of junk littered the world below, where not even a scrap of dandelion weeds could survive.  It seemed kind of silly to Dwayne for someone to be using a scythe as their logo, especially since there wasn't anything living to reap.  

The computers hummed, a steady tone that brought them all into a strange trance-like unity.  Dwayne sighed as he looked on their repaired status, figuring there was little he could do now to repair the subtle damage now done.  The museums weren't going to care about computers that had mash ups of hardware inside of them, no matter how pristine they looked on the outside.  His top dollar was sinking fast the longer he inspected the chip's ongoing work, the cannibalized pieces reflecting the piles of junk that had been strewn on his property.  Sure, it was great it was all working again, but the museums were so damn picky.  No PC components in Macs.  No Lithium sub-processors in Commodores.  

Great.  The more this thing worked, the more it made his entire inventory useless.

It had already cut a great swath through the centre of his trailer and he had to stop it from fix-damaging his goods further.  He picked up the MacBookAir, and began the laborious process of cracking open the case so he could get to the little rectangular chip of efficiency and disable it.  He wasn't sure how that was going to be accomplished, but he figured a good steel toed boot and a heavy stomp ought to do it.

Damn, but it was hell trying to pry that thing apart.  He gave up, and even though the sight of a perfectly repaired MacBookAir gave him a funny feeling in his pants, the orgasmic love for it had to go limp for the sake of practicality.  He grabbed a nearby crowbar and let it fly, full force, onto the MacBookAir keyboard.

Silver keys shot through the air, along with silver plastic and glass, the ruins of what was once a valuable prize.  Miraculously, the tiny rectangle remained in the centre of the motherboard, and Dwayne sighed with relief at finding it so easily.  He reached down to pick it up, and was surprised by how firmly it had lodged itself into the circuitry, the metal encasement warm to the touch.

He picked at it with his thumbnail, digging deep underneath it with dirty fingernails as he tried to dislodge it.

A tendril of circuit board reared and wrapped itself around his arm.

He pulled it off, annoyed, only for that tendril to be followed by another.  Then another.  He let out a scream as four of them burrowed beneath his skin, circuits climbing through the capillaries of his veins.  He tried to pull them out, but they only dug harder, his flesh torn apart by the microchips that crawled over the surface like electronic cockroaches.  He stumbled, his boots crushing every chip and shred of the MacBookAir in his path, his torment echoing into the emptied, tidy space of his trailer as the shards of thousands of electronic waste overtook him.

~*~

Jake whistled as he drove into Dwayne's yard, his tune stopped in mid note as he took in the empty vastness that greeted him.  Confused, he left his truck, slamming the door behind him as he skirted the property, a deep frown etched on his features.  His friend wouldn't have just up and left him, Jake thought, not without properly saying good-bye.  Dwayne was a lot of things, but he wasn't one to just up and leave, not without saying something to his only friend about it.  Damn queer, this was.  Damned queer.

A piece of paper floated past Jake's feet, like a wayward tumbleweed on a vast desert.  It was a page from an old Mac manual, the colours faded to a pale, nearly transparent blue.

Fear was starting to grip him now as he approached the trailer, and he had to wonder if Dwayne had pissed off some upper authority, if his black market chip had somehow got him into some deep ass trouble.  Hell, it wasn't his fault if the stuff fell into his lap like it did, and hell if Dwayne didn't snatch it up anyway.  He wasn't the repairman, he was just the travelling junker selling off the bits and pieces to those who did the proper surgery.  Not his fault, whatever the fallout was.

He was tentative as he opened the door to Dwayne's trailer.  It was eerily quiet, save for a strange, single-toned hum that pervaded the small, usually cramped space.  It was strangely bereft of junk now, with the old couch Dwayne used for a bed looking spotless on the far side of the square room, his mini-fridge door wide open and shining soft light into the near darkness.  He stepped in, curious, and closed the fridge door, casting the entire space in shades of grey.  

Spotless.  Like someone did one hell of a clean up job.  Weird, because he'd always thought they'd have to demolish the place should Dwayne ever decide to leave.  No grease stains on the walls.  No cracks in the floor foundations, no wayward wires leading to nowhere.

There were computers in here, about five of them, humming in unison on Dwayne's lab desk, illuminated from a light beneath the glass surface.  Jake took a step closer, and felt an uncomfortable crunch beneath his heel.  He glanced down, lifting his foot.

A microchip.  Crushed to bits.

Spots of blood, and something weird, and organic and sticky clung to the heel of his sneakers.  He tried to scrape it off the treads, dragging it across the edge of the lab table's legs.  But it refused to budge, and instead seemed to grow.

As the tendrils of circuits grew, spider lines creeping up from beneath his shoe and upwards towards the flesh on his legs, that was when he noticed it.  The USB ports on the pristine MacBookAir leaking blood.  The breathing flesh that heaved on the back of the Tandy, its monitor flashing a tiny, green cursor, a green scythe, ready to install his input.  

Dwayne had already added his, in classic Commodore DOS prompt.

$helpme$ $helpme$ $helpme$




Praise for M. Jones:

314 Crescent Manor is one of those stories that I’ll reread, because there may be something I might have missed the first time around.  If you like a story that keeps you on the edge, then move into 314 Crescent Manor--Tim Holtorf, author of Black Mask, Pale Rider

Gangster is one hell of a book. Not only is it set in one of my favourite time periods (1920s), but it’s just so dark and gritty and clever. The writing style is gorgeous even in its grit. The dialogue is smart and thought-provoking while also being fun, if your sense of humor is more than a little sardonic that is. (Guilty!) Clara is a fascinating character. She’s such a compelling liar that I myself couldn’t help wondering whether any thing she said throughout the entire novel was true. She’s charming in the same way a cobra is, swaying back and forth with its hypnotic gaze before it strikes. The Alien, whose name escapes even himself, meanwhile is a man on a mission. His one track mind is constantly being challenged by Clara’s quest for fame and her odd compulsion to murder along the way. Their dynamic was so intriguing, I found myself riveted with each conversation that put them further and further at odds. Clara believes the two of them are two sides of the same coin, but The Alien knows that can’t be any further from the truth….or could it?

Reader beware, Gangster is not for the faint of heart! I, on the other hand, look forward to reading more by M. Jones in the future. --Black Sun Reviews 

Black Wreath...On top of that, M. Jones has put considerable thought into the setting: the Victorian London of Black Wreath is as colourful as it is filthy, and – living in London myself – I had the sense that the author knew my city very well, could actually see the traces of the London I know beneath the grime and pollution. Even the writing contributed to the sense of setting—the turns of phrase M. Jones uses capture the essence of the time period. --A. M. Harte, author of Hungry For You

Frankie & Formaldehyde...So to recap, this is a great story premise, a great cast of quirky characters, fantastic dialogue, and a romantic angle that's all about love and sacrifice and nothing about sex. The scenes were descriptive enough to rip shudders from my jaded black heart, and toward the end, I was giggling gleefully with every line from Shirley or Larry. Can I gush about this story further? Yes, but I'll spare you.

I give Frankie and Formaldehyde 5 enthusiastic stars and recommend it to all zombie and horror fans who like a little brains with their blood and guts.--Zoe. E. Whitten, author of Zombie Punter

Be sure to visit BLOODLETTERS INK:  http://bloodlettersink.com for updates, news, articles and more by author M. Jones.

