NIGHTFALL
E.L. Middleton
Copyright 2012 by E.L. Middleton

Smashwords License Statement 
This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each reader. If you’re reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to Smashwords.com and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.

PROLOGUE

He wasn’t quite sure how he had gotten there, but somehow Ewen had managed to make his way to the Willowbrook Mall. He made his way past the stores and the many kiosks along the way with bizarre wonder. He had seen these stores and this very mall so many times before. It was the only form of shopping escapism that a small town like Mountain Valley had. If you hadn’t been to the mall in this town, then you probably hadn’t been to this town—or at least had stayed within the confines of your home your entire life.

Another thing seemed slightly odd to him. The mall itself was almost empty. Sure, there were people shopping but they were sporadic at best. This place was usually filled with hurried consumers at any given point during the day. Suddenly, it occurred to him that no one seemed in much of a hurry either. Not that it should be so strange to him that folks would take their time, but something was wrong here. It was almost as if everyone was moving in slow motion.

He saw a sign for the restroom and decided to head that way. He thought that maybe splashing some water on his face would help him shake the fact that everything seemed so surreal; of course, ever since he had moved to Mountain Valley and started college most everything in his life now seemed somewhat surreal.

He hung a right and passed through a set of metal doors, entering into a long corridor. Fluorescent lights hummed as they cast purplish beams of light against the speckled-white tiles leading to the end of the hall. Ewen began his descent, his tennis shoes squeaking just slightly and his footsteps echoing down the abandoned hallway.

About halfway down the corridor Ewen heard something else join the sounds of his footsteps. He stopped and stared at the end of the hall, listening carefully. At first he could only hear the sound of his heart thumping in his chest and thought that he might be losing his mind, but then he heard it again. Something was making its way toward him from the other side of the corridor.

He tried to tell himself that it was someone simply exiting the restroom and making their way back out toward the stores, but the more he listened the less he believed himself. His next inclination was to turn around and run back out into the mall. If he was wrong and it really had been only a shopper making their way back out into the mall then he would look like a fool. He decided rather quickly that he could live with that; after all, he was eighteen and had just graduated from high school where fool seemed to be his middle name. At this point though, none of it mattered because his legs felt like stone. He tried to move but his body didn’t even seem to react. He was entirely transfixed on what was coming around the corner.

The sound grew louder and closer to him and he found himself desperately wishing he had never entered the corridor at all. It sounds like someone walking through a rain puddle, he thought. Only Ewen wasn’t quite convinced it was water. It sounded more dense than that to him. As he stood there, frozen with a kind of sick anticipation, he saw what it was.

Blood crept across the tiles from around the corner like some kind of oozing overflow. Then he heard the footsteps again, and this time they sounded nothing like that of his own. It sounded as if something heavy was being dragged across the floor. With each footstep he noticed ripples running in the pool of blood, which had now reached the cinder block wall and was beginning to push its way toward him.

From around the corner a guttural moan echoed, sending chills through his entire body. The moan seemed to die off for a second and then another, more powerful one, followed. Something appeared at the corner of the corridor, moving slowly and unsure at first. It was wearing a muddy pair of blue jeans, torn to shreds around the edges of the legs. The strings of denim rubbed back and forth across a hideous pair of feet with each step the creature made. A t-shirt that had most likely been white at some point in time, was now covered in brown sludge. Its eyes rolled slowly around to view the rest of the corridor and suddenly locked on Ewen. As they did they widened, a sort of primordial excitement coursing through them, and the creature’s arms—or what was left of them—reached out for him. Ewen tried again to move his legs and this time, much to his surprise, found himself backing away from the creature and to the entrance of the corridor. 
The creature began to move toward him, its arms still stretched out, only this time when it moved it picked up speed. Ewen turned around and immediately headed for the double doors, running as fast as he could. He could hear the creature’s heavy, wet breathing approaching behind him and he wondered for just a moment whether he was really running at all. Seconds later he was pushing through the double doors and standing in the middle of the mall. He opened his mouth to scream for help and then something more terrifying than anything he could ever have imagined happened. He found himself surrounded by more creatures, their hideous faces watching him. They reached out for him, and as they did he fell hard on the mall’s tile floor. 
That was when he woke up.




CHAPTER 1

Ewen was still screaming when he woke up that morning. He sat straight up in his bed, gasping for air and soaked in sweat. He looked around his dorm room from his top bunk and saw that everything was still as it had been before his very vivid dream. He swallowed hard, soothing his dry and irritated throat, and threw the covers off of him.

He was alone, as he had been most of the time he had spent at Mountain Valley University—or MVU as the students called it. He had been taking classes for two semesters and was now beginning his sophomore year, although he still felt like a freshman and was often mistaken for one because no one knew who he was.

It was a different college than most in that it was a Christian campus. Classes still went on during the day and at night and campus life was fairly similar to what it would be on any other secular campus—at least at a glance—but upon further inspection you would see that students were required to regularly attend church services both on campus and off. The students may have appeared to some to simply be dressing professionally and taking their preparation for the outside world seriously until you read the college handbook of rules and regulations.

Dressing professionally was actually a rule and not simply something seen as a way to prepare for a productive future. Left to their own devices, most of the students would have went to classes in beat-up blue jeans and a ripped t-shirt. Of course, at MVU, one could get quite a few demerits and fines for doing something like that. 

Ewen couldn’t complain. Not that he wouldn’t have jumped at the chance to actually wear clothing that most other college students at other schools were wearing to class, he just had no real right. He had been well aware of the rules and regulations before signing up to attend classes here. He had come from a private high school and had had some experience with what his superiors called “professional dress” for several years. It hadn’t been quite this bad back home but he figured college girls were different and probably liked a sharp dressed man better than Mr. T-shirt and Jeans. If for nothing else, he wanted to look good for the girls he would meet. The dean of the school, as well as both of his resident assistants, would assure him that God would want him professionally dressed and that Ewen was actually dressing up for Him and not for classes. Ewen could tell right away that the higher-ups at the school had a completely different perspective on God than he did.

His roommate, Jim, seemed to live on a completely different schedule. He took all of his classes at night and worked a job locally during the day. That pretty much left Ewen with the dorm room to himself, which would have been fun had the room actually had space to do something in. The day he moved in he had felt as if he was downsizing. He was an only child and had his own room back home but now he was staring at a bunk bed that looked like it had been purchased in the late seventies and a room that wasn’t much larger than a small storage unit. In fact, that’s what he felt like most of the time here; a student being stored for later use.

He climbed out of bed, his bare feet hitting the cheap, carpeted floor, and pulled open the shades. He fully expected to be blinded by sunlight but as the windows were revealed he simply stood in front of another overcast day at MVU. He grabbed a small, plastic basket that held his soap and shampoo and walked out of his dorm room, taking a clean towel on his way.

Robert Donovan, a thin and wiry eighteen year old, had been dreaming of this day for what seemed like forever. He was making his way through the courtyard—a beautiful area in the heart of the campus—with his trademarked book bag covered in band stickers slung over one shoulder. He couldn’t help but smile as the autumn wind pushed toward him. 

The courtyard was where most of the students came to socialize between classes. It was dead in the middle of the academic buildings and a small water fountain, complete with several bowled tiers that got larger as they descended, sat nearby with benches and tall bushes for shade. It was like Alice’s Wonderland right in the middle of cinder block and concrete.

More important than that though was where Robert was headed today. The campus radio station was run by and for the students that attended the university. It sat within the courtyard and most of the students sat nearby between classes, hoping to hear their favorite song before they had to head back inside for more lectures and notes.

Since high school Robert had been doing a mock radio show on CD for his buddies. He would poke fun at the teachers, play a few rebellious rock songs and give them a funny top ten list and some skits to enjoy. By the time he had graduated most everyone in the senior class knew of him and had at least a couple of CD’s of his show. He had fallen in love with radio and dreamed of getting a good start in the business. He knew that there wasn’t much money involved in it and that while his friends were probably going to end up rolling in the dough as doctors, lawyers and the like he would be struggling to make ends meet sitting behind a microphone and a sound board. He didn’t mind though. It was what he loved to do and although he was just as prone to wanting every new gadget and the latest form of entertainment the stores put on the shelves he also knew that doing something he truly enjoyed for the rest of his life would far outweigh any of it. 

His Father had asked him a couple of years ago what he thought he wanted to do with his life. After a lecture on how DJ’s made very little money and a question or two relating to how he intended to start or support a family on that kind of income Robert had looked his Dad in the eyes with as much confidence as he could muster and said, “You know, I think God will take care of that.”

His Dad smiled, proud of his son’s faith but secretly still wondering about the worldly logistics of Robert’s intended career path. That was when Robert first began to think that God’s power was too easily forgotten. All his life he had heard his pastor speak about the power of God. God had moved mountains, caused buildings to crumble, parted the sea and yet somehow, every time someone wondered how they were going to get through something as simple as a traffic jam everyone forgot all about those mountains moving and those buildings crumbling. That was just the start of Robert’s faith maturing, and one of the main reasons he wanted to attend a Christian university. He wanted the opportunity to be around other Christians that could lift him up when he felt like doubting and never let him forget the power of God.

Still trying to suppress his smile and contain his excitement Robert opened the tinted glass door to the campus radio station and went inside. Walls filled with posters of Christian bands immediately greeted him. He looked to his right and noticed a large pane of glass. Behind it was a short and chubby guy behind a microphone. He was furiously searching for another CD to pop into the player as he adjusted one of the faders on the audio board in front of him.

As he continued to watch the short DJ behind the glass a tall young man wearing a suit approached Robert. He had a smile that was blatantly forced and his tie needed severe straightening. He was obviously older than Robert, which threatened to intimidate him a little, but he looked like a student and that made him just comfortable enough.

“Hey! What can I help you with today?” the young man asked.

“I’m Robert Donovan. I’m a freshman here at Mountain Valley this year,” Robert said, extending his hand. The young man met it halfway and gave it a good shake before he pulled it back into his comfort zone.

“Terry Lubscomb. I’m the station manager,” he said, nodding when he was finished as if still trying to convince himself he was really in charge.

“I’ve heard a lot about this station and I was wondering how students can get involved,” Robert said.

Terry suddenly looked a little uneasy and slipped his hands into the pockets of his slacks.

“You’re a freshman, huh?” Terry asked.

“Yeah. I’ve had some radio experience before. I had my own show back in high school that circulated every other month on CD.”

As soon as the words came out of his mouth he felt an overwhelming sense of embarrassment. Moments ago he never would have let something enter his mind to make him doubt his experiences, but standing in front of Terry Lubscomb suddenly made him think about how small-time the guy probably thought his experience was. He had walked into the station not more than three minutes ago with a smile he couldn’t contain and now he was talking to a fellow student trying to convince him he actually had talent. He didn’t know if he was going to be given a chance yet or not, but he certainly didn’t feel quite as confident or excited as he had three minutes ago. A lot changes in three minutes, he thought, forcing a smile.

“You did a show on CD, you say?” Terry asked, his smile long since faded.

“Yeah. I know it’s not live but it’s a start, right?”

“I hate to be the bearer of bad news, Bob—“
Robert felt his face flush red as his anger welled up inside of him.

“It’s Robert,” he said.

“Right. Well, unfortunately we don’t let anyone on campus DJ here unless they’re seniors.”

“Seniors?”

“I’d love to give you a chance. I’m sure you did great with your little show in high school and all but that’s the station’s rule.”

Robert felt rage surge through his body. Who does this guy think he is? he thought. He’s probably about as good at entertaining folks on the radio as he is at putting on that ridiculous tie of his.
Robert shifted his stance as if preparing for a fight and then it happened. Several times in his life, when things had gotten particularly frustrating or when other’s,
not unlike this Terry Lubscomb fellow, began to belittle him or verbally attack him with a grin, he lost control of whatever portion of his brain that controlled the feed of thought through the throat and had let loose. Now was one of those times.

“So, you mean to tell me you won’t even give me a chance or see what I’m capable of because I’m a freshman?” Robert said, his voice shaking a little with anger.

Terry was far too absorbed in himself to notice how visibly upset Robert was becoming.

“Unfortunately, that’s the rule. If I were to let you get in here and start working behind the board I’d have to change the rules all across the board,” Terry said, forcing another smile. “But you’re welcome to stop by anytime and watch the DJ who is on shift. We’ll even leave a chair out here in the hallway so you can have a place to sit.”

Robert balled up a fist as he looked at the miserable plastic chair that was sitting in the corner. Right, he thought I’ll just drop by and sit in that plastic chair for hours and look like a complete moron. You’d like that wouldn’t you, Terry?

“You understand, don’t you Bob?” Terry asked, his smile never looking more condescending than now.

Robert took a deep breath and tried again, desperately wanting to hit home with this guy, to appeal to his good nature.
	“Look, Terry. I know I don’t have all the experience in the world but that’s what I’m here for. I came to college to experience another side of life and I came to this station to experience a little bit of what it’s like to be a professional DJ. Are you honestly going to turn down someone who would be willing to work as hard as they could just to get some time to learn the booth?”

Terry thought for a second as Robert stood there, knowing that he couldn’t have explained his cause any better than that. Finally, after a few seconds Terry shook his head.

“I’m sorry, Bob. There’s not much I can do for you. I wish I could, I really do. I just can’t break the rules.”

Robert held back his tears of disappointment as he stared at Terry, confused at how someone could completely ignore what he had just said because of a stupid rule. He knew that Terry believed him. Terry had to. Heck, Terry probably even had to be smart enough to at least realize that he could use Robert to clean the toilets around the station for just five minutes in the booth. But because of a rule of seniority Robert was being forced out of his chances at his dream. It wasn’t fair. 

“You know what though? We could use a good salesman like you. We’re trying to sell some spots to earn revenue for the station, you know, to get some new equipment. I’ll bet you’d be dynamite at sales. Why don’t you stop by tomorrow and we’ll talk about it?” Terry said, his smile looking genuine for perhaps the first time that afternoon.

Robert shook his head in disbelief as he turned toward the station door. “Thanks for nothing,” he said as he walked out.



CHAPTER 2

When Ewen finally made his way outside to begin his long walk to his first class the sky hadn’t changed much. He couldn’t remember the last time it was sunny and warm. He wished he could. At least then he’d have something to think about beside the fact that he had no friends and no one to do anything with. 

Mountain Valley was a secluded small town where everyone still prayed before every meal—even at the local Hardee’s—and most of the trappings of modern society had yet to invade the sleepy space. About as high tech as they got in Mountain Valley was either the local cinema, which was currently playing several films from the 70’s, or The Snack Shack. The latter was more of a hang out for students who needed to get off of campus for a bit and breathe a little freedom. You could get old-fashioned malts and shakes with just about any flavor you could think of as well as what the town of Mountain Valley claimed were “the best grilled burgers this side of the Blue Ridge.”

Ewen had visited The Snack Shack once last semester. The weather had just started to get warm, and the air had the typical Virginia mugginess hanging in it. When he entered he suddenly realized that of all the days to hit The Snack Shack that this one was probably the worst. Every seat was taken and he had to “take a walk” as he liked to call it; that meant he had to meander his way nervously through the crowd, desperately hoping there was a seat hidden somewhere so that he could keep everyone from staring at him. It didn’t matter how many classes he had with this guy or that girl, for some reason he didn’t make an impression on anyone so he was always gawked at in public. It was a constant feeling of “who’s the new kid” despite the fact that the “new kid” was already supposed to be done with the freshman blues.

Of course, he never ended up finding a seat and by the time he had made his way back up to the front and to the door he no longer craved a malt, shake, or a famous burger. All he wanted by then was to get out of the building and get some fresh air. He poured himself out onto the sidewalk in front of the store, the sweat beads on his forehead threatening to roll at any moment. That was the day he first, honestly, wondered why God had sent him there.

As he made his way across the street in front of his dorm building, his book bag slung over his left shoulder, he began to wonder that very thing again. He knew God was loving and just and he believed that He had a plan for his life, but for the life of him he couldn’t figure out what Mountain Valley University had to do with it. He had felt nothing but alone since he came here, which was the exact opposite of what he thought he would feel. 

He came from a strong religious background. His mother and father worked in the church and they attended every time the doors were open—which also meant that Ewen had attended every time the doors were open. A part of him resented that. He wasn’t fond of being told what to do, not even by those who loved him as much as his folks. He would always whine and complain about getting up so early or not being able to watch a television show he wanted to watch because it came on the same time church started on Wednesday night. Looking back over all of that he could see how silly and insignificant that really was, but it still didn’t change his mind about church. The funny thing was, he didn’t know how he really felt about church other than it was building filled with needy, imperfect people just like him; of that he was sure.

He shook off his God thoughts for a moment, almost tripping over a crack in the concrete, and drew his focus to the clouds. He had never seen them quite so dark before. Since he had moved into the dorm clouds in the sky had pretty much become a staple in the forecast. But not like these. There seemed to be something more sinister to them. He laughed a little, in spite of himself, and thought, There I go again. It’s no wonder everyone here looks at me like I’m nuts. I might just be.

Just then his dream came back to him. The sounds the creatures had made and the blood slowly drifting toward him. He shivered before descending down a long set of wooden stairs. He had never had a dream that had seemed so real before. Sure, he had dreamed of buying something or going somewhere and had woke up the next morning searching for what he had bought or telling his parents about his trip, convinced that he had actually been there. But there was something about this dream that was different. Usually he dreamt about places he had been recently, or had been concentrating on for quite some time. This dream had taken place in the local mall, a place he had only been to once and hadn’t been that impressed with. So why had he dreamt about it?

He reached the end of the stairs and walked behind the Romero Building, a large dome-like structure where the university held their basketball games as well as concerts and Wednesday afternoon church services. It was quite an amazing and intimidating building from the front but as Ewen walked past it now, noticing the dumpsters and grease splotched parking spaces, it seemed quite unspectacular. 

He continued walking, knowing that in just a few short hours he would be inside of that building listening to another sermon among a sea of strangers. The university had a guest speaker most Wednesday’s who seemed to be less interested in teaching them about God and His Will for their lives and more interested in berating them for their secular ways and warning them of the deadly consequences of premarital sex. Thinking about it now, Ewen almost wanted to laugh. The way they always made it sound was that premarital sex was the worst sin you could commit, especially if you were just recently initiated into the realm of the sexually active. It reminded him of the scary stories his Dad would tell him when he was a little boy to keep him out of trouble only those stories had witches, ghosts and monsters in them instead of invisible urges and hormones. He still remembered most of them to this day; there was the one where the boy, who just so happened to look like Ewen, went to the grocery store and slipped a pack of gum into his back pocket when no one was looking. Years later that same boy was confronted by a goblin who had seen him steal the package of gum and had come to drag him underneath the bed to the land of lost toys. There was also a story about yet another boy who was caught smoking a cigarette by his Mother. That night, while serving his punishment locked in his bedroom, the Cancerman” flew in through his bedroom window and forcing him to smoke packs of cigarettes until he got sick.

A smile slid across Ewen’s face as he thought about his Dad concocting those atrocious stories and how scared he had been by them at the time. There was certainly something to be said about scaring someone straight, but he just wasn’t convinced it was the best way, especially not from the pulpit. Of course, he was the first to admit he didn’t know the Bible through and through and maybe he wasn’t justified in his thinking. Sometimes he felt as though he was the only one that seemed to question anything at MVU, and from the lack of any crowd or friends walking beside him as he made his way up another set of steps toward the academic buildings, he thought that that could be the reason he was walking alone. 

He made his way through the academic buildings and entered one of the large classrooms; it looked more like a small auditorium. Students filled the stadium style seating as well as the air with incoherent chatter. Ewen made his way toward the top and found a seat at the back. He slid his book bag off of his shoulder and dug out a notebook and a pencil. He never used pens if he could help it. They seemed uncontrollable. A pencil, on the other hand, never once slipped out of his hand or made unwanted marks. This may have seemed a bit anal-retentive to others, but to him it was the difference between losing your writing utensil under someone’s chair in the middle of the lecture or notes that looked like scribbling. 

He stared straight ahead, trying not to notice the other students all around him as they talked with their friends. Every once and awhile he would look down at his notebook, trying to look as though he was busy studying instead of looking so out of place. As he was watching the blue lines of his notebook paper and realizing they weren’t as perfectly straight as he had thought, the professor, Mr. Foxcroft, walked into the room.

Foxcroft was a balding man in his late forties with thin-rimmed glasses and a husky build. He was the kind of professor that looked like he took everything seriously, even drinking a can of soda. He was carrying an expensive looking briefcase which he firmly placed on top of a desk at the front of the room. A few combinations later he was digging through it and brought out a textbook and his laptop. He walked over to a podium that looked a tad too small for him and placed the laptop on it, adjusting the screen for the angle. Then he walked over to an extremely long chalkboard and picked up a piece of chalk as the crowd of students fell silent. Mr. Foxcroft’s strokes of chalk echoed throughout the room as bits of white dust sprinkled and floated out onto the carpet. Seconds later it appeared; Mr. Foxcroft had written, “The Path of God” on the blackboard. Students hurriedly began to write that in their notebooks as he spoke to them, gruffly. 

“Today I’d like to pose the question: ‘What exactly makes a person a Christian?’” he said, starting to look around the room.

Trent Gordon was among the many that raised his hand. He had blonde hair, an athletic build and a cocky grin on his face as if entertaining his teammates or the ladies with what he felt was immense wit and wisdom. He was sitting just five rows down from Ewen next to a beautiful brunette and several beefy guys who were all wearing some form of Lacoste polo.

Mr. Foxcroft pointed to Trent, white chalk stains on his forefinger. “Mr. Gordon?”

Trent looked at his friends for a second, as if needing to make sure they were paying attention to him.

“Believing in God and living your life according to His Word,” Trent said, his arrogance proceeding him.

“That sounds scriptural, but what exactly do those words mean to you, Mr. Gordon?” Mr. Foxcroft asked.

“I’d say keeping your mind pure and distancing yourself from the things of the world.”

Ewen watched intently, eager to find out if the jock seemed to know as much as he thought he did.

“Very good, Mr. Gordon.”

Ewen stirred in his seat, something about their exchange not quite sitting well with him. Trent’s answer seemed a little vague to him, so much so in fact that a sudden surge of nervous energy pulsed through him and he raised his hand. The moment his hand reached into the air he could feel the eyes of those around him boring into him. Sweat beads formed at his temples and he even thought he heard someone whisper, “Who’s the new kid?”
Mr. Foxcroft continued the lecture.

“The people of today’s society find themselves wrapped up in most everything the world has to offer. Rock music, movies, drugs, and just about anything that turns them away from God.”
Realizing that Mr. Foxcroft hadn’t noticed him he put his hand back down, embarrassed; after all, how long could one hold their hand in the air during a lecture while being ignored.

“That’s why a school such as this one is such a great tool for God’s children. Here we can study the word of God without distractions and be educated in Literature, Math and Science from a Christian perspective.”
Trent raised his hand again and Mr. Foxcroft immediately called on him.

“Yes?”

“But there are still some people who attend here that do some of those things. What would you say to them?” Trent said, looking a little less cocky this time around.

“In my experience,” Mr. Foxcroft said, “those who still find security in the things of this world and attend this university don’t last too long. They find that they cannot walk that fine line between loving God and loving this world without exhausting themselves spiritually and mentally.”

Ewen raised his hand again, feeling somehow pressed to say something. He knew he was risking embarrassment again but he wouldn’t be able to live with himself if he didn’t say something.
Mr. Foxcroft noticed him this time and pointed at him, raising his bushy eyebrows a little.

“Yes? You in the back.”

“How can we tell other people about God if we are so far removed from where they are? Wouldn’t that seem hypocritical?” Ewen asked, his voice shaking slightly from nervousness.

“What do you mean?” Mr. Foxcroft said, looking intrigued by Ewen’s questions.
Suddenly the majority of the class turned to Ewen, looking to see who had intrigued the professor. This made him even more nervous and when he spoke the next time he had some trouble getting his words out at first.

“Well, if we make the world sound as if God never created it and we shouldn’t have anything to do with it then why would someone who doesn’t believe the same things we do even bother listening to us?” Ewen said, swallowing hard afterward as the student’s eyes seemed to burn into him.
He sensed the mood changing in the classroom. He was sure he could almost hear their thoughts and criticisms about what he had just said. They obviously misunderstood his need for answers for some kind of malicious confusion. 

From the front of the room a deep and rich chuckle emanated. Some of the students turned back for a moment, noticing Mr. Foxcroft as he smiled and shook his head.

“Well, of course God created it,” Foxcroft said, “It’s just a different world now than when He created it. The level of sin and temptation that is here is much more tantalizing to the weak of spirit.”

Ewen knew he shouldn’t press the issue anymore, he could almost see the crowd pounding their fists threateningly into the palms of their open hands, but the same nervous energy that fueled him to raise his hand also coaxed him into continuing to speak up.

“Adam and Eve sinned, and the level of sin in Sodom and Gomorrah had to be at least equal to what it is now if not exceeding it. Just because technology has changed doesn’t mean that sin has, necessarily.”

Mr. Foxcroft dropped his smile, no longer amused and quite uncomfortable with the way the conversation was going.

“It just seems to me,” Ewen continued “that God would want us to enjoy the world He created, not run away from it because it has sin in it. It’s not the world that creates temptation to sin, it’s imperfect people inside it.”

“Well, I don’t see how you expect to reach people for Christ properly with that attitude,” Foxcroft muttered.
For the first time since his attendance Ewen suddenly felt confident. Something washed over him and he immediately stopped shaking. All of his nervousness dissipated. He looked at the others, scanning their faces, and then back at Mr. Foxcroft.

“To be honest, I don’t see why anyone would listen to someone if they were constantly condemning them and all that they do. ‘But who are you to judge your neighbor? James 4:12.’”
Trent jumped into the conversation, turning the attention of the crowd to him once more.

“So you’re saying if we all go out and drink, do drugs and be friends with prostitutes that’ll make us a better witness?” Trent said, looking up at Ewen.

Ewen turned his attention to Trent as well, still quite confident.

“No. I’m simply saying we shouldn’t judge people so harshly and be so simple minded,” Ewen said before adding,“Oh, and don’t forget that Jesus himself befriended prostitutes and beggars and transformed their lives.”

Trent shrugged, turning back around in his seat to face Mr. Foxcroft.

“I’m not saying to do drugs,” Ewen continued, his gaze still upon Trent. “But I’m saying in order to reach people who do, you’re going to have keep your personal beliefs in check and just be a messenger. The moment you start to judge them they will shut you down and then what good have you done?”

“You have quite a lot to learn about religion, 
mister . . .” Foxcroft trailed off, waiting for an answer.

“Wilson.” Ewen replied.

“I can’t believe Dennis the Menace’s mean next door neighbor is giving us religious advice,” Trent said, shaking his head.

The students in the crowd began to snicker and laugh. The feeling of nervousness and embarrassment returned to Ewen as he sank back down in his seat.

CHAPTER 3

From any vantage point on campus you could look around and see mountaintops just off to the distance. The university was nestled within them and that had been what the chancellor of the, then proposed, school had wanted. His dream of building a place of higher education with a strong foundation in God’s Word was purposefully designed to be a refuge from the secular colleges of the nation. Therefore, when they had been led to Mountain Valley and had seen the small town, as well as its beautiful views from just about anywhere, it wasn’t a tough decision to go ahead and purchase the land needed for the university. The mountains had a way of making you look to the sky, something the chancellor had championed since the college’s inception. “It was like looking to God,” he had once said during the early stages of construction.

As if the picturesque town hadn’t been enough, a small mountain overlooked the campus. Carver’s Mountain, named after one of the founder’s of the town centuries ago, towered over the university. Thick trees lined their way up and down the mountainside except for one small area near the very top. It was here that some of the students went when The Snack Shack had become stale or they had grown tired of walking the campus. 

The Point is what the students called it and it was the perfect place to get a view of the entire town, especially at night. About an hour before curfew a winding drive up the mountain would reveal dozens of cars parked along the side of the road. Campus security tried to keep their eye on the place, driving up there just before curfew to startle any procrastinators into getting back to campus before they got fined and were handed demerits. But there was little that could be done, in all honesty. There were certain rules issued in the university handbook that discussed how the students should behave and carry themselves when they went off of campus, but as long as they were abiding by the rules it wasn’t against them to be at The Point before curfew. Not to mention Carver’s Mountain was only a mile or two away from the university anyway. 

David and Kate were well aware of the rules and also didn’t want to be at The Point after dark. They felt it would’ve made them look like they were up to no good, like the others. David’s father would have called it necking, and he was absolutely sure that that was what the campus security would think they were doing. Only they wouldn’t have called it necking. Not in this day and age. He had heard stories of couples making out at The Point after dark and being discovered by a large, unbelievably bright light emitting from a campus security guard’s flashlight. As if that wasn’t embarrassing enough, they had then been escorted in their vehicle back to campus with full on flashing red lights. 

That was why, when they had needed a break from studying for midterms, he and Kate had decided to head to The Point during the afternoon. That way they wouldn’t have to worry about campus security, blinding flashlights or the rest of the university thinking they were breaking several cardinal rules. 

They parked about a half a mile away from the entrance to The Point and trekked up the hill alongside the road, with a small cooler and a green blanket. When they got there they spread the blanket, used the cooler on one of the corners to weigh it down and stretched out, admiring the view. There was a slight haze hovering above the city that afternoon and the buildings looked patched with the incredible mixture of clouds and sunspots. The sun had been trying to break through within the last hour and although they had hoped for a perfect sunny day, the battle for sunlight that was going on in the sky was just as entertaining, as long as it didn’t rain. 

“I love it up here,” Kate said, unable to take her eyes away from it all.

David looked over at her, admiring her beauty with a smile.

“It almost makes midterms and studying disappear,” he said.

“Almost,” she quipped.
	
He reached over and grabbed her hand, placing it in his. She was so beautiful. He had never been with anyone like Kate before. She was unassuming and fun. She had long, straight brown hair and hazel eyes that seemed to always know what he was thinking, sometimes before he knew himself. 

He had met her in his sophomore year, just outside the local cinema. They were the only two purchasing tickets to see the revival of Citizen Kane. It had been a special one night only showing for a dollar and both had rushed into the theater to get good seats, quickly realizing that they were the only ones that were going to be in attendance. As they sat there in the dim light, waiting for the movie to start, their eyes met. She seemed to be inviting him to sit with her the way she was looking over at him—although, later that night she would reveal she had been looking at him because he looked familiar. It had been a night he would never forget, although they had been blessed to have many more since. They had been dating now for over two years and David had secret plans of heading to the local jewelry store and purchasing the best ring he could find—and afford.

“I can’t believe we only have one more semester after this and it’s all over,” Kate said, sighing.

“I’m glad. I’ve about had enough of all of the—”

David stopped, feeling something cold on his shoulder. He looked to his left and a putrid and damp smell hit him, instantly making him nauseous and gag. He couldn’t make out what was on his shoulder but out of the corner of his eye he could see something crawling. 

He tried to get to his feet but the force on his shoulder was too great. Kate looked over at him, noticing his struggle, and a look so horrifying spread across her face. She began to scream, her terror echoing down the mountain. She stood up and started to back away as David began crying out for help. Suddenly he was forced on his back by a large, rotting creature. 

Kate had just stepped off of the green blanket they had been sitting on when she was attacked from behind. This other creature, dressed in a withered suit filled with holes and covered in mud and sludge, seemed to wait for her to back up to him before he reached his arms around her and tried to bite her. The two creatures let out unearthly moans, filled with fluid, as they struggled with David and Kate. Within minutes their cries for help were silenced and their bodies lay lifeless on the ground.

CHAPTER 4

It was almost eleven and Ewen had made it through Mr. Foxcroft’s class as well as his English 200 course. Between the dirty looks during Foxcroft’s lecture and the assignment he had forgotten to do for English it was turning out to be a miserable day. “It’s not even lunch yet, he thought. 

He trekked his way down a slight incline and followed the road toward the Romero Center. All of the students were required to show up for church service at eleven o’clock on Wednesdays. This being a Wednesday, the crowds were filing out of the academic buildings and down the road with Ewen. He used to be enamored by the large crowds on campus when he was a freshman—thousands of young men and women entering into the dome through several double doors talking to their friends—but now, as he made his way into the building he barely noticed.

The noise level inside was absolutely incredible. The stadium was filling up fast and all of the inherent chatter echoed inside the giant, steel dome. Way down below, where the basketball court was, a platform had been put together. A podium with a microphone attached to it was placed in the center and three microphones on stands were just off to the left. Three chairs, filled with the chancellor, the dean of students and an overweight man in a black suit, were sitting on the platform.

As Ewen made his way around an open hallway that looked out across the crowds, he searched for a place to sit. Finally, after walking halfway around the dome, he found a seat near the back. He walked a few steps down and took an aisle seat, throwing his book bag in the space beside him. Relief washed over him as he tried to get comfortable in the hard, plastic chair. Trying not look so alone he began to scour the Romero Center, examining its details as he waited for the service to start.

An enormous monitor hung from the top of the building, hovering right over the platform. Speakers on all four of its corners surrounded it and the display lights—used for keeping score during the basketball games—were turned off. At too many services to count Ewen had imagined the steel cords that held the display to the top of the dome snapping, the entire thing falling on top of the platform below. It probably would have seemed a little sadistic to those who didn’t know him better, but it entertained his mind when there was a particularly boring speaker.

At a little past eleven three members of the campus worship team, two girls and one guy, approached the microphones to the left of the platform and began to lead the crowd in several songs. Ewen had always let his fears of what others might say interfere with the praise and worship side of going to church. He enjoyed the music, especially the contemporary songs, but at this point and in this place it would’ve taken a miracle to get him to be like the others. There was something about a large crowd singing praises to the Lord that broke chill bumps out on his arms.
 
Even though people surrounded him and he could feel God’s presence, he still felt alone. He knew he couldn’t justify it—not with the way he knew God was working in that place—but he also couldn’t deny the way he felt, whether right or wrong. 

The worship team slowed the music down a little more and began to sing a song Ewen had never heard. The music softly played as the lyrics glowed on the monitor over the platform. As he watched some of the students raise their hands in praise Ewen noticed something striking out of the corner of his eye. His head turned and his eyes immediately fell upon a beautiful young woman just three rows down from him in the next section. She had shoulder length brown hair and was wearing a navy sweater with a skirt that had a flower print. She turned her head briefly to brush her hair from her face and as she did Ewen felt the chill bumps rise on his arms again. Just a glimpse of her face was enough to move him in such a peculiar and fantastic way he had never felt before. As the crowd began to sing he noticed that she was sitting alone. He felt the pressure to shift his gaze, just knowing that at any moment she would turn around and see him staring at her, but he couldn’t bring himself to do it.

A student in front of him raised their hands in the air, praising the Lord while they sang. It immediately drew his attention away from the young woman. He saw that most of the crowd in the building had their hands raised now. Growing up in church it had never seemed out of the ordinary to see people worship like this and in fact he rather admired it. He used to think it was just the older people that attended services that were free enough in spirit and without hesitation to praise how they wanted. He couldn’t have imagined a married couple with two kids being concerned with how they looked to others when they lifted their hands and raised their voices. He had been sure that it was just a typical feeling for the under twenty crowd to constantly be worried what others would think. But like most of what he had learned or experienced in high school, his ideals were changing. Parents no longer stayed together forever, soda could kill you and the excitement you had the first snowfall of the season was now just a lightly falling hope that class would be cancelled. 

One of the ideals that seemed to stay no matter what generation you were from was the notion of labels making it easier to identify someone. Ewen was reminded of one of those labels as he watched some of the students really getting into the service in an almost showy, performance driven way. Most of the students on campus were charismatic, as his Dad would’ve said. There wasn’t a day that went by where he didn’t pass someone who wasn’t singing a praise song as they made their way to class. If he hadn’t seen some of those same students acting differently when they thought no one was looking he would’ve started to question his own faith.

He was, and had always been, a very private person. He kept a lot of his personal problems to himself and tried to find his own ways of dealing with things. Somehow, he had translated that privacy into his religious beliefs. He prayed quite often, but only in his head. Sure, he prayed aloud over a meal or when called on during class—the few times that had happened—but for the most part he kept his prayers to himself. He knew there was nothing really wrong with that; and how could there be, considering how many times he prayed during his long walks to his classes. 

He had unfortunately developed bitterness over the past year though, and it had been directly related to how private his religious beliefs were. He prayed consistently, sometimes constantly, but because no one saw him get down on his knees, fold his hands and speak aloud to God, he had been cornered one afternoon by his resident assistant. He was about to head out for the evening and grab something to eat off campus—maybe head over to the movie theater and see what was playing—when Geoff, his R.A., had knocked on his dorm room door. 

“Come in,” he said, wondering which one of his roommates friends it was.

“Hey, buddy. What’s up?” Geoff said, with a slight smile.

Ewen had never really had much opportunity to get to know Geoff but from what he could tell the general consensus around the dorm was that he was a nerd. There seemed to be an unwritten handbook that was taught starting in middle school about the differences between a nerd and a geek. Geeks were categorized as occasionally outcast and a bit obsessive about pop culture or trivia and generally reveled in their uniqueness. Nerds, on the other hand, were superior in intellect, however had no grasp on pop culture—for the most part—and tended to project what they thought cool was. Of course, their idea of what was cool was most certainly not the majority of society’s. 

Now a nerd, like any other person, had extra adjectives or traits that followed their nerd persona based on their upbringing or life experiences. A nerd could be angry. A nerd could be naïve. A nerd could be just about anything, along with being a nerd. In the case of Geoff the R.A., he was a nerd who seemed sweet natured but had a knack for being condescending. 

Right off the bat Geoff had made a big mistake in approaching Ewen—beside the fact that Ewen had been on his way out the door and Geoff’s timing was fairly horrible. Ewen wasn’t found of being called “buddy.”

“What’s up Geoff?” Ewen replied, sliding his jacket off of his bed and putting it on.

“Headin’ out for the evening?” Geoff asked, his hands on his hips and his head nodding a little in an agreement with nothing.

“Yeah. I thought I’d grab something to eat off campus tonight. Sick of the cafeteria food, you know?” Ewen said, trying to be as pleasant as he could.

“Oh, not me. No way. Too expensive out there. I’d rather save my money.”

“I guess I’m just not as frugal.”

Geoff forced a bit of a laugh.

“Well, I wanted to talk to you about something if that’s alright? You have a second?”

“Sure,” Ewen said, wanting to desperately bolt for the door.

Geoff took a seat in a nearby chair and Ewen, noticing him do this, sat down on the bottom bunk amidst his roommate’s disheveled sheets. He wasn’t quite sure what this was about but the way Geoff was acting was a little strange, even for him.

“How’s your walk with God, man?” Geoff asked.

Ewen couldn’t help but smile and his face even flushed red for a bit. To him, the question was ridiculous. He had been saved since he was eight years old and to this day couldn’t see him living his life without God as a crucial part of it. He wanted to laugh at Geoff but decided it wouldn’t have been appropriate considering the look on his face was quite sincere.

“It’s just that, I see you walking around campus sometimes and you look so alone. You never show up to any of our Bible studies here in the dorm and I just wanted to make sure you were doing okay and that you knew God is there for you anytime you need Him.”

Ewen wanted to tell Geoff the truth: that the reason he walked around campus alone was because no one had made any effort to reciprocate his friendliness or reach out to him and try to honestly connect. Again, he decided against saying that. He didn’t think Geoff would take it too kindly and he didn’t want to start trouble, especially not in his dorm. The last thing he wanted was for the guys on his floor to look at him with the same anger and disappointment that most of his classmates did.

“I’m fine, really. Yeah, I mean, I don’t have friends here. But I’m good with God.”

“You sure? Because we can pray right here and you can accept Him into your heart. I’d do that with you if you’d like?” Geoff said, pushing a little.

“Seriously, I’m good.”
	
Geoff stood up, his body language expressing something more like irritation now. He let out a deep sigh.

“Well, you’ve got an attitude from what I hear, if you don’t mind me saying so? You come across like you don’t want anything to do with your fellow Christians and any time any of us in the dorm try to approach you, we get little to no response.”

Geoff made for the door, turning back to Ewen who was still sitting on his roommate’s bed, now with a look of complete shock.

“All I’m saying is, if you truly are saved then I think you’re sending out the wrong signals,” Geoff said.

“So, let me get this straight, okay?” Ewen said.

Geoff stood at the door, shifting his stance a little.

“You think that because I don’t have any friends and because any time someone has come up to me to talk—which has been few and far between—that because I have very little to say, I’m not saved?” Ewen asked in disbelief.

“Well, you kind of boiled it down there, didn’t you?”

“Well, you kind of asked me a pointed question.” Ewen said, managing to keep his cool.

“This is another example of how you come across like someone who needs the Lord. I came in here to try and help you and you’ve basically closed your mind to me.”

“First of all, Geoff, there’s no reason for me to have an open mind on something that we are both in agreement on. I need God. You want me to have God in my life. I’ve got Him in my life.

“Second of all, you didn’t come in here to try to help me. You came in here to get me saved. I’m already saved. Just because you don’t like who I am or the way I do things doesn’t mean I’m not saved. It just means I’m not you.”

“Well, that kind of elitist attitude is not going to get you any friends around here, buddy,” Geoff said a bit flustered by the conversation’s immediate shift.

“I’ve noticed that, Geoff.”

“Whatever, Ewen. Just remember, when you’re ready to talk about your walk with God I’ll be around.”

Geoff turned back around and opened the door, heading out of the room and into the hallway.

As the door shut behind him Ewen fought with himself to not be angry with Geoff. He knew he was a good guy, deep inside, but he certainly didn’t have much tolerance for anyone who’s faith he couldn’t wrap his head around

His mind slowly drifted back to the inside of the dome. He must have been looking at the crowd for longer than he thought because when he turned back around the young woman was gone. He quickly looked up the stairs and caught a glimpse of her floral print skirt just before it disappeared into a group of people standing above the rows, watching the service.

He turned back around, facing the crowds once more. Something inside was pulling at him. He could feel it. What if I do find her? he thought. She’ll probably think I’m crazy. And then it happened. He turned toward the stairs and ran, skipping several of them along the way to the top. Once he hit the open hallway that overlooked the Romero Center he weaved his way through the groups of people that had collected there. After a few moments he stopped, scanning the crowd for any sign of her. 

Suddenly, a beam of light hit his face and caused him to wince. He shielded his eyes but as he did the beam of light disappeared and that was when he noticed one of the exit doors along the side closing. He took off again, trying not to appear to be in such a rush so he wouldn’t attract any attention. When he reached the door he threw it open, sunlight filling his face and nearly blinding him as his eyes tried to adjust.

He walked out of the Romero Center, the door slowly shutting behind him, and he felt a cool breeze against his face. At first, everything appeared to be washed out. He could only see figures drenched in white as they walked toward the building like the negatives of a filmstrip, but slowly he was able to make out more colors. He began to scan the area, just like before, hoping he hadn’t followed a bad lead or simply hallucinated—and to be honest, and this point,  he was beginning to feel like he had been seeing things. How could he not have seen her before? There were thousands of students that attended the university, sure, but he had never seen a girl so strikingly beautiful before. Had he been too preoccupied with his loneliness to notice her? Had she passed him in the many crowds he had weaved his way through as he tried to make it to class on time? Had she even been in one of his classes?

At this point, those thoughts were simply that: thoughts, insignificant at this moment. What was important was finding her, and from the looks of it she had vanished into thin air. 

Just as that thought hit him he saw her standing near a set of concrete steps, the wind making her skirt brush, gently against her legs. Her hands were folded across her chest and she had her back toward him. Just as he had done inside, only with less assurance this time, he made his way to her. It still felt like he was being called to her, but this time his lack of confidence was starting to kick in. He swallowed hard, extremely nervous, as he stopped just three feet from her. He stood there for what seemed like forever, desperately searching for the words he wanted to say. “She’s going to think I’m insane. She’ll think I’m some kind of psycho chasing her out of the building like that? What’re you going to say anyways? ‘Hi, I’m Ewen. I saw you during service today and immediately felt drawn to you.’ Yeah, that’ll work, you dope.” He could feel his body temperature rising and his palms felt a little sweaty. It’s now or never, he thought.

“Excuse me,” he said, trying to keep his voice from shaking.

She turned to him, and although she was not smiling her face strangely comforted him. He still felt very nervous, but looking into her eyes gave him the confidence he needed to speak again.

“Hi. My name is Ewen.”

“Jennifer.”

They shook hands, awkwardly.

“This may sound strange, but, I saw you inside The Center and I followed you out here,” he said, knowing those weren’t quite the words he had in mind.

The thought of what he had just said made him wonder what he would do if a stranger had come up to him and said the same thing. Would he run? Would he at least be interested enough to ask why? Just as he was about to decide that he would probably run away Jennifer spoke to him.

“That does sound strange, Ewen. Why would you do a thing like that?” she said, a hint of sarcasm in her voice.

As he spoke to her again she began to look around, disinterested.

“I don’t know, really. I noticed something . . . I can’t really describe—“ he said as she cut him off.

“I’m not the kind of girl you think I am, so why don’t you just back off,” she said, turning away from him.

He had never wanted so badly to be invisible in all of his life. She does think I’m crazy, he thought. And for a moment he was ready to turn and walk away, but something inside of him—the same thing that hadn’t let him take his eyes off of her and the same thing that had given him the courage to follow after her—made him stay.

Out of the blue she began to speak to him again, turning around to face him.

“I know you think because I go here that I’m one of these girls that acts all holy in public but is a completely different person behind closed doors. Trust me, you’ve got the wrong girl,” she said, angry.

“I know you are,” he said. “That’s why I followed 
you . . .I think,” he said, the hint of a smile forming.

His words caught her off guard and Ewen could see her anger turning to confusion.

“I don’t want anything from you, Jennifer, except maybe to talk, if that’s alright?” he said, genuinely.

Jennifer’s guard fell and suddenly she began to feel ashamed. She lowered her arms to her side, nervously.

“I’m sorry. I didn’t mean to—“ she said, only this time Ewen interrupted her.

“It’s okay. If I were in your position I’d be suspicious of me too. I don’t trust anyone around here either. This place has got more fake than Hollywood sometimes,” he said. She smiled at him.

Standing there in the chilled air and watching her smile he realized for the first time since he had been on campus he didn’t feel so alone. He felt like he was starting to come alive. He was right about her. Something in her, something about who she appeared to be was different than the others.

Suddenly, one of the exit doors to the Romero Center burst open and a resident assistant came walking out, heading toward them. He had a short haircut, almost a buzz, and he was wearing khakis and a denim dress shirt. Jennifer looked at him and then quickly looked to the ground, trying not to draw attention.

“Oh, great,” she said, under her breath.

“What?”

Ewen turned around and immediately saw the resident assistant heading for them. It was odd, but in that moment the first thing that came to his mind was how bland the R.A.’s tie was. He wanted to laugh, but knew now was not the time.

The R.A. spoke as he approached them, a serious look on his face.

“Excuse me, guys, but no one is allowed out of the Romero Center during this time without a proper written excuse,” his voice was confident and strong.

Jennifer motioned as if to speak but Ewen stepped in before she could say anything.

“My friend here was feeling a bit sick and needed some fresh air. I was just coming out to check on her,” Ewen said.

“Do you have a written excuse?” the R.A. asked, treating their exchange more like business.

Again, Ewen was filled with another inappropriate thought. Yeah. We knew she was going to need some air and got her mommy to send her a note for today, His own sarcastic tone rang perfectly in his mind, but he knew better than to actually say that. He wanted to get them both out of trouble, not stir some up.

“No. It just kind of came on suddenly,” Jennifer said.

“I’m sorry about that, miss, but I’m going to have to write you both up. Everyone is supposed to be inside for the service at this time,” the R.A. said, pulling out a pink pad from the pocket of his khakis. 

“Look, we’re really sorry but we weren’t skipping out on the service. She just wasn’t feeling so good,” Ewen pleaded.

“There’s a bathroom inside of the center,” the R.A. said, pulling out a pen and filling out two of the pink slips.

“Yes, but that’s not fresh air, is it?” Ewen said.

He tried to keep himself from getting too upset. He knew this guy would write him all kinds of fines if he even sensed anger. That was one thing that wasn’t tolerated around campus. If you got angry you needed to swallow it or pretend it didn’t exist because if anyone noticed, you would either find yourself with enough pink slips to cover your dorm room walls or you would be spending the evening in the Dean’s office. Unfortunately for Ewen, the R.A. was beginning to notice.

“If you continue to have this attitude I’ll have to notify the Dean,” the R.A. said, his threat sounding a little hollow.

Ewen took a deep breath, bringing his tone back in check before speaking up again.

“There’s no need to get hostile with us. Can’t you just let us off with a warning and let us go back inside?” he asked. But he knew what the answer would be.

“I’m sorry. Rules are rules.”

That was the last straw. Ewen had spent so much time at Mountain Valley trying to abide by rules so he wouldn’t get in trouble. He wanted to fit in and knew breaking the rules would only make him an outcast in this environment. So he had spent two semesters obeying every ridiculous rule they could dream up and smiling through it all the way. But none of it had worked. He was still an outsider no matter how many silly rules he had followed. And what made it worse was that he had betrayed himself by doing it and had ended up with nothing. He was not the type of guy to just look passively at things that he felt were not right. He had always stood up for what he had believed in and had fought for the logical. Now, as he looked at the R.A. preparing to rip the pink slips off and hand them out, he realized he felt more like a robot than human being. 

“That isn’t very Christian of you, you know?” Ewen said, finding the harshest tone of voice he thought he could get by with. “Isn’t that what you guys around here say whenever somebody breaks the rules?” Ewen added.

The R.A. looked up at him, appalled.

“I didn’t break the rules. You did. And as a matter of fact if you keep it up I’m going to write you another fine,” the R.A. said, finally getting angry.

“I’ll bet you would. You’d love to write that whole pad up and give it to me, that way you’d meet your quota for the month and get yourself a nice little bonus all under the guise of doing what’s best for the campus. It would make a great story for your little R.A. buddies back at the dorm, wouldn’t it?

“Let me ask you something. When you slipped up one day and said a word you shouldn’t have, did you write yourself a pink slip or did you try to forget about it and move on? When you had a thought that wasn’t so pure and you felt guilty about it, did you write yourself up or did you try to move on? How about the last time you looked at someone who was breaking the rules and thought, ‘I’m glad I’m not them,’ laughing after you wrote them up? Did that make you want to write yourself up or did you just sit back and enjoy it because you’re in charge and you’re the one with the pad and the pen?”

The R.A. looked at Ewen, a rage he had never felt emanating from behind his eyes. 

“What are your names?” the R.A. asked, the anger in his voice barely being contained.

Ewen turned to Jennifer, a smile on his face.

“Miss?” he asked. “Would you like to get out of here for a while. Maybe take a ride or something?”

Jennifer smiled defiantly, understanding what he was doing and decided to play along.

“Why, yes. That sounds simply wonderful,” she said.

They both turned and walked away, the R.A. following them. When he got closer he grabbed Ewen by the arm and pulled him around to face him. As he did something inside of Ewen flared up. His face went red with anger and he could feel his heartbeat speed up. As the adrenaline surged through him he threw his other arm toward the R.A. and his fist connected instantly. 

The R.A. stumbled backward, holding his face and crying out in pain. His legs slipped out from under him and he collapsed to the concrete. A small amount of blood began to run out of his nose, collecting just over his upper lip. 

“Don’t you ever touch me again,” Ewen yelled, his face still filled with anger.

Suddenly, a campus security guard appeared, rushing over to the scene. He quickly restrained Ewen, grabbing him by both of his arms and pulling him away from the R.A. who was just getting to his feet.

“Watch it, kid,” the security guard said to Ewen.
Jennifer rushed over to Ewen, trying to free him from the guard. 

“Let him go! He didn’t do anything!” she yelled.

“Step away, miss. I’m warning you.”

The guard looked to the R.A. for the story.

“What happened here?” he asked him.

“These two were skipping service and I was trying to write them up. They refused to give me their names and started to walk off. I followed them and that’s when he hit me,” the R.A. said, wiping the blood from under his nose.

The security guard looked down at Ewen.

“Is that true?” he asked.

“He grabbed me,” Ewen said, knowing that his argument would never seem as strong as the R.A.’s. “We came out here for some air and he started harassing us. When we tried to reason with him—“
The guard interrupted him before he could finish.

“Reason with him? He’s an R.A. and you do what he says. I don’t care how much air you needed. You know the rules. Besides that, you don’t hit an R.A. or anyone else for that matter.”
At this point Ewen knew he was going down and the part of him that wasn’t the robot the university so desperately wanted him to be was breaking free for the first time in a very long time.

“If I were you I’d keep my mouth shut and do what you’re told. You already lucky you’re not going to the Dean’s Office this afternoon. I’m sure he’d be glad to find out why an R.A. ended up with a bloody nose,” the guard said. “Now give me your ID’s.”
Ewen and Jennifer found them in their respective places and handed them over to the security guard who quickly filled in the last details on the R.A.’s pink slips. He tore the slips off and gave one to both Ewen and Jennifer.

“Here. A nice thirty dollar fine for the both of you.” the guard said, handing the pad back to the R.A. who was looking right at Ewen.

“I believe you were wanting a warning? How’s this: If I ever see you skipping service again, you won’t be seeing her or anyone else on this campus ever again,” the R.A. said as another, smaller, bit of blood began to run down his nose.

“Get back inside. I don’t want to see you out here again.” the guard said.
Ewen wasn’t sure but he thought he saw the R.A. grinning, proudly, out of the corner of his eye as he and Jennifer began to make their way back toward the Romero Center. They could hear the security guard’s walkie-talkie beckoning him to another area as they approached one of the doors to the building.
Ewen looked over at Jennifer, his face returning to its normal hue. She smiled at him, looking a little unsure of what to say.

“I know this isn’t the best time, but would you like to go to dinner with me?” he asked her.

“As long as you take me far away from here,” she said.

They both walked back inside the Romero Center disappeared into the crowd.

CHAPTER 5

Robert had spent most of the afternoon trying to forget about what had happened at the radio station. His first class of the day had been, ironically, Mass Communications and during most of the lecture he kept envisioning himself strangling Terry Lubscomb in a silly, almost cartoon-like way. His second class had been Bible History, a required course for all incoming freshman. His professor, a lady with curly blonde hair and stockings that were a bit too dark for her skin tone, had taught about politics in the Bible. He hadn’t been very interested in politics his entire life thus far and, needless to say, the professor hadn’t changed his mind. Twenty minutes into her speech he found himself struggling to keep his head up and his drool in.

It wasn’t until the eleven o’clock service at the Romero Center that he finally snapped out of it. Their guest speaker had been Reverend Tom Dotson, a slightly overweight man in his forties wearing a black suit. At first Robert hadn’t been impressed. He looked like one of those preachers that yelled a lot and was constantly dabbing their forehead with a handkerchief. Robert wasn’t fond of being yelled at by anyone, including a preacher. But as Reverend Dotson began to speak it became abundantly clear that Robert had made a mistake. He was an extremely intelligent man who was actually quite soft spoken. This caused an interesting effect on Robert and the rest of the audience. They paid close attention. 

The reverend spoke on the book of Daniel, specifically chapter three. He told them the familiar story of how God had saved Shadrach, Meshach, and Abednego from the fiery furnace. He had related it to how little confidence most Christians put in God. Those three men had no intention of ever worshipping an idol or demigod because they believed that God alone was worth the praise and devotion. Their confidence in God led to them being protected from the flames of the furnace and, ultimately, to King Nebuchadnezzar realizing the power of the one true God.

The faith that Shadrach, Meshach and Abednego showed inspired Robert. He realized he was not putting his complete confidence in God and that he needed to trust Him to work in his life. He had to remember, if God wanted him to work at the campus station nothing was going to stand in the way, especially not Terry Lubscomb. 

He sat on his bed back at the dorm and began to file through some of the CD’s he had brought with him from home. He had bought a display rack at the local Wal-Mart and assembled it his first week here but he had had little time to sort the CD’s he wanted to put inside of it with his busy schedule and getting used to the way things ran around the university.

Robert had pretty eclectic tastes, and assumed that would be a benefit when he did make it into radio. DJ’s were often moving from city to city and station to station while dealing with format changes. One minute you could be working at a Christian radio station and the next, hip-hop was blasting through your headset. You just never knew. But it wasn’t a fear of a future station changing formats that had made him well versed in music. He had actually grown up listening to all kinds of music.

When he was young, maybe five or six, his mother would put him to bed at night while playing the local easy listening station. All night long the instrumental versions of everybody from The Beatles to Van Morrison would play from a small alarm clock radio. When he got older, about ten years old, he found himself listening to popular music and oldies. There had been something about oldies that seemed to grab him. He knew they were from his Dad’s generation but, for some reason, they spoke to him too. The Temptations could often be heard coming from his stereo in his bedroom as well as Elvis and The Beach Boys. It was also around this time that Robert discovered a Christian artist named tobyMac. He had never heard religious music that sounded so much like regular pop before and that had opened his mind up to a whole other genre of music to explore.

In high school he was introduced to the sounds of the sixties and seventies. He found the later works by The Beatles and began to hear the pioneering guitar work of Jimmy Page from Led Zeppelin. This was perhaps when his Dad became a little concerned about his listening habits. He found Robert with albums by Jimi Hendrix, The Rolling Stones and Aerosmith. The problem arose because his Dad had grown up with those bands playing on the radio and hearing about their various antics in the newspapers. Basically, his Dad knew all of the legends and stories about those groups and didn’t want his son listening to lyrics by bands that didn’t seem to live their lives in a very Christian manner. But Robert was naïve and this was his saving grace, oddly enough. Robert was listening to these bands to get to know different styles of music and couldn’t have cared less about how they lived their lives or what they believed. It was the guitar licks and the melodies that drew him to the music. Yeah, the lyrics certainly weren’t Christian—or even uplifting for that matter—but that was only part of what Robert was exploring. Eventually, after realizing his son’s genuine interest in not only the music but the history of the music as well, he backed off. He still wasn’t happy that his son was listening to what he often called trash but he trusted Robert to do the right things and had never been let down by him in that department.

A funny thing happened as Robert began to research songs and bands; he realized that many of the myths that he had heard about the bands he listened to were just that: myths. He was proud of the fact that he knew the real story behind the songs and the bands so that he wouldn’t have to feel as if the Devil was creeping up behind him as he listened to a hard rock band with his headphones on.

As Robert began to flip through his CD’s his roommate, Donald, a chubby guy about nineteen, walked into the room. He was wearing a white shirt with thick red stripes running across it from side to side. A little bit of his belly was peeking out from under his shirt and you could see a special belt buckle that looked like a scene from a rodeo was carved into it.

“What’s up, Rob?” Donald asked.

“Just going through some of my music. I’m trying to put that CD holder to good use,” Robert said, continuing to flip through the CD cases.

Donald walked over to Robert’s bed and looked at some of his CD’s. As he did, Robert flipped past an AC/DC album. Donald looked immediately thrown.

“Oh, man. You listen to AC/DC?” Donald asked, shocked.

Robert looked up at him.

“Yeah,” he said, nonchalantly and looking back down at his CD’s not even noticing the look on Donald’s face.

“Aren’t they Devil worshippers or something?” Donald asked, placing his hands on his hips. 

Robert looked back up at Donald, noticing that there were sweat spots under the armpits of his shirt. He quickly looked away, not wanting to draw attention to them or embarrass Donald.

“No. That’s actually a misconception,” Robert said.

“I thought AC/DC stood for After Christ, Devil Comes,” Donald said.

“No. AC/DC actually took their name from the back of a vacuum cleaner. AC/DC refers to power, not the Devil,” Robert chuckled a little. “How much sense does ‘After Christ, Devil Comes’ actually make anyway? It sounds like a four year old talking.”

“But that name had to come from somewhere, didn’t it? Are you sure it doesn’t mean that? Maybe the band was just hiding their Devil worshipping to sell records.” Donald said, sitting down on the bed next to Robert and looking at a few more of the CD’s.

“Actually, that was the point. Back in the seventies and early eighties most bands exploited that fact to sell more albums,” Robert said.

“What?” Donald replied, shocked once more.

“Yep. Most parents were dead set against rock bands for the reason of ties with the Devil. Well, let’s face it rock n’ roll is pretty rebellious stuff. Kids would go out and buy music in droves if they thought their folks wouldn’t want them to have it. That made it more appealing.” 

Robert noticed that Donald was looking right at him, hanging on every word.

“So,” Robert continued. “To sell even more records the bands began to write songs that were even more ambiguously evil sounding. Some bands were even forthright about the subject in their lyrics. An example would be ‘Highway to Hell’ where the lead singer Bon Scott, in a very sarcastic way, sings about having all the prerequisites for going to Hell—the main one: being in a rocking band.”
Donald sat back a little, impressed.

“Wow! Where did you learn all this stuff?” he asked.

“I’ve studied it since I was little.”

“Dude, you are completely amazing.”

“No, I’m not. These musicians, now they’re amazing,” Robert said, smiling.

Suddenly, Donald’s tone changed and he sat up.

“Well, I don’t want to spoil the fun but, if the R.A.’s catch you with an AC/DC CD they probably won’t take the time to listen to your vast array of knowledge, my friend. There’s no secular music allowed on campus,” Donald said.

“What? That’s ridiculous!”

“It may be, but you better hide those things. Only Christian stuff is permitted around these halls.”
Donald got to his feet, his hands once again on his hips.

“But don’t worry. I’m not going to tell anyone. In fact, if you get a chance I’d like to hear more stuff sometime. It’s not everyday you get to live with a musical encyclopedia.”

They both laughed as Robert began stashing some of his CD’s in a box under his bed.

CHAPTER 6

High above the campus, and about a mile from The Bald Spot, there was a dilapidated old church. It was Carver’s Mountain’s best kept secret—at least, that was what the few who remembered it said. Most of its steeple had rotted and fallen off, becoming a permanent part of the old soil the church rested on. The wood that was once painted so bright white that when the sunlight hit the building on Sunday mornings it was as if God, in physical form, was inside, was now deteriorated beyond repair and had turned an odd black. 

From outside, standing in front of it, you could see through the rotten holes in its front doors. The pews, vacant and falling apart, were still inside. It was as if someday, somehow, people would return to the church and find their place among the pews while waiting patiently for the service to begin. Some of the pews had been uprooted, either forcefully or by means of nature’s wrath. Several of them looked as if they were trying to climb what was left of the walls to get away from something. 

The entire church seemed to be sitting on a graveyard, perhaps more ancient than the building itself. Graves littered the earth around the church, each tombstone unique to the others. Most of them were falling apart as well, their stone broken or crumbling. A traditional cross, perched above one of the grave markers, had lost most of its left wing and several of the angels carved into another marker were missing an arm and their facial features.

The last time the church had actually had service had been in July of 1978. The pastor there, a tall and thin man named Thomas Williams, had stood at his podium and announced his resignation. The attendance wasn’t quite what it used to be and Williams felt it was time for him to move on, fearing that the loss was his fault. No one in the congregation had been too shocked because the few that were still left had known about it, informally, for weeks prior.

As he stood there, towering over the small group that was sitting in the pews, sweat began to form on his brow. At first no one seemed to notice, but Williams began to constantly wipe the sweat from his forehead and it became impossible not to see that something was wrong. Williams took  off his coat and laid it across the back of a nearby chair as he pushed on, attempting to go through what was to become of the church. The congregation watched intently, at first because they needed to know whether they were going to have to find another church or not and then because the pastor was not looking good at all.

What happened next is where the accounts differ, depending on whom you talk to. Some say that Williams began to suddenly speak in tongues, which most agree is a misconception because the church did not believe in such a thing happening in present day nor were they a spirit filled church. Some say that Williams was simply mumbling angry and bitter words and that the faster he did so the more his voice raised, giving off the appearance of someone who might be speaking another language. In fact, about the only thing most agree on is that whatever Williams was saying, they didn’t understand it and it terrified them.

Williams spoke to a scared and confused congregation for about fifteen minutes like that, pounding his fist into the podium near the end. When he finished, the room was completely silent; only the dissipating echo of his voice remained. He looked at the people in the pews, his face completely drained of all of its color and sweat stains covering his most of his shirt. He had the look of a man who had just said something he regretted and had no idea what to say next—although Williams didn’t take long before he spoke again. This time his words were plain, clear English in their entirety and his tone was that of his former self. 

They all looked at him, wide eyed and in shock, as he told them that this was going to be his last Sunday. That afternoon, when the service was over, there was no one waiting around to talk to the pastor or fellowshipping in the parking lot before they went home for their early dinners. Instead, the sanctuary emptied out immediately and within minutes of the final prayer the parking lot was completely barren except for the pastor’s car.

No one ever showed up for service on Sunday evening, nor did the pastor’s secretary make it into work the following Monday. To this day no one knows what happened to Thomas Williams. Two days after that service his house was completely empty. Even the potted plants that usually hung from the front porch had been removed. The locals likened it to the old story of Ichabod Crane; only there was no Headless Horseman and no bridge to cross for safety—at least not physically.

Several years later stories began to spread that Williams had been arrested somewhere in Ohio for performing strange rituals and sacrifices. While no one ever had proof that that was the case, many found it at least plausible if not slightly absurd. Thomas Williams, up until July 1978, had been mild mannered and soft-spoken. In those days churches didn’t have the kind of regulations on their ministers that most try to maintain today. They were careful whom they chose as their pastor, of course, but it was possible—just like today—to have someone who isn’t quite right slip by the system every now and again.
 
As time went on and the story was passed down to other generations who were more tapped into horror films and darker tales it took on several spiritual and gothic turns. One had Williams—who was incidentally being called Wingams by this point in the evolution of the story—rising from the grave to haunt the church grounds. This particular spin on the original, more factual account seemed to stick in the minds of many of the college students that had attended Mountain Valley University over the years. Around Halloween some of the students would gather together up on the mountain and dare each other to head back in the woods after dark, looking for the old abandoned church. Thomas Williams had become a legend. He was a ghost story to tell others who wanted to be scared late at night. Williams had more than likely had some issues going on in his personal and spiritual life and had lost it that Sunday morning. In some strange twist of fate, he had ended up being the source of college student’s—particularly young women’s—nightmares. 

But now, as the sun went down on present day Carver’s Mountain, the belly of the old church began to fill with shadows. What was left of the crumbling tombstones and grave markers created odd stretched reflections of darkness on the ground. Soon the sun would set, filling the horizon with beautiful hues of orange and purple as it gave way to the night. 

But as nightfall steadily approached, something within the earth began to move. The sounds of soil being pushed away filled the woods and were replaced by footsteps, slow and deliberate. The remaining sunlight fell on disturbed graves as creatures, like no one in the small town of Mountain Valley had ever seen, clawed at the soil. Dirt fell off of their withered bones as they climbed out of the ground, their jaws falling open in a terrifying, silent scream. Their lungs, what was left of them, heaved air through their throats and the forest was now filled with the sounds of hundreds of these creatures moaning from high atop Carver’s Mountain.
The dead were rising.

CHAPTER 7

Ewen spent the rest of his afternoon on cloud nine. The unfortunate event that had occurred between himself and the R.A. was now a distant memory—except for the pink slip, of course. He lay on the top bunk, the fading sunlight filtering through the blinds in his dorm room window. He couldn’t remember the last time he had been this nervous or excited. His lack of any real self-esteem kept interrupting his pleasant thoughts of Jennifer, making him wonder if she would really show up to meet him. It only took a split second for him to remember what she had said to him when they had gotten back inside of the Romero Center earlier that afternoon.

They had found a nearby section in one of the rows and had sat, together, this time. They listened to the guest speaker, although neither of them could calm down enough to really focus on the content of his message. After he was through, the chancellor approached the podium and thanked the guest. 

The chancellor was an intimidating looking man with gray hair and, despite his age, a muscular build. He was at least in his mid-fifties but if it hadn’t been for the gray hair he wouldn’t have looked to be even approaching forty. He addressed the crowd with his typical deep and commanding voice. He was the type of guy that had such incredible charisma that he could probably talk anyone into just about anything.

“I’d once again like to remind you of the revival meeting tonight. The MVU worship team will be here to get the event started at seven and Reverend Dotson will be back tonight with another fantastic message to share. I want you all to come out after dinner and be prepared for the wonderful things that I believe God will be doing in this place tonight. First, feed your body and then come on out at seven o’clock and feed your soul. I assure you it will be a time of great change in your lives.”

The chancellor prayed over the congregation and then dismissed them. As the crowds stood up and made their way out of the building, the inherent chatter rising once again to incredible levels, Ewen and Jennifer stayed seated. Ewen looked over at Jennifer, his face serious.

“Are you going to be coming back tonight?” he asked, unsure.

Jennifer shook her head.

“I’m going to dinner with a campus rebel tonight,” she said, coyly.

Ewen laughed, a little embarrassed.

“I just thought you might need to cancel or something.”

Jennifer’s smile quickly faded and she looked at him, concerned.

“I mean we can if you were really going to be coming to the revival meeting,” she said.

“No. I just wanted…” he trailed off, trying to think of what to say as he looked at the floor for a second.

Though he wanted to be careful what and how he said certain things he remembered the feeling outside, only moments ago, when his true self broke free. With that, he looked back up at her. Their eyes met as he spoke, gently.

“Look, to be completely honest, I love God with all of my heart but I’m not into these services they have here too much. I hope you don’t think I’m a horrible person for that,” he said.

“No, no. I don’t,” she said, shaking her head. “I’m not into all of them myself.”

“Good, then maybe what I’m about to say next won’t be quite as spiritually selfish as it sounds.”

His words intrigued her and she leaned a little closer, trying to hear him better over the crowd.

“There’s no place I’d rather be than out with you tonight,” he said, genuinely.

Ewen’s face went a little red with embarrassment. “You better stop talking that way,” he thought. “You’re going to scare her off.” And then, as if she had read his mind and wanted to calm his fears, she spoke to him.

“I’m glad you feel that way. I was beginning to think I was a little bit crazy for feeling that way too,” she said, seeing the relief on his face.

“So, we’re still on for tonight?” Ewen asked, smiling.

“Definitely.”

They got to their feet and exited their row. The majority of the crowd had filed out of the building, leaving only distant echoes of conversations floating inside. They walked up the stairs to the open hallway, making their way to the exit doors.

“What’s your next class?” he asked.

“Biology,” she said, making a “yuck” face. “I’m not a big fan of dissecting things and using smelly chemicals and stuff.” She sighed. “Oh, well. At least it’s my last one of the day.”

“Can I walk you to it?” he asked.

She smiled at him again, and nodded.

“Sure.”

They exited the Romero Center and walked side by side up the stairs toward the academic buildings. Unfortunately, it was a short walk and no sooner had they gotten into a good stride in their conversation then they had arrived at the doorway to her Biology class.

“I’ll see you tonight. How about six o’clock?” he asked.

“Sounds great,” she said, her face a little blushed as well.

They said their goodbyes and Jennifer disappeared into one of the classrooms. Ewen walked back out of the building and made his way back to his dorm. His thoughts and images of Jennifer and what had happened in such a short span of time filled his mind and he felt like he had company the whole way back to his room.

Now, as he lay on his bed staring at the ceiling tiles, he sighed again wanting to pinch himself thinking that he might wake up. He looked over at the digital display on the microwave that was sitting in the corner of the room. It read, “4:49 pm.” About an hour, he thought and then looked back up at the ceiling with a smile.

Jennifer was trying to get ready when her roommate, Pam, walked in. As usual, Pam was in the middle of telling someone something down the hall in the loudest voice she could find. Of course, she usually did it during the middle of the night when Jennifer was trying to sleep so she guessed she should be grateful. Besides that, it would take a lot to dampen her spirits tonight. This was the first truly inspiring encounter she had had with a guy since she had started college.

Her freshman year none of the guys even looked her way. No one told her that it was normal for this to happen your first year in college, so she had spent almost two semesters thinking she had an incredible pimple the size of Texas somewhere on her face and only the cute guys could see it. Besides the fact that she felt like she was a walking biohazard, she also didn’t like her roommate at the time. Joanne had been her name. She had been moody and hadn’t seemed to keep up her appearance very much. She had even mentioned to Jennifer one night before dinner that she refused to put make-up on because it would make her look like a tramp. Jennifer wore make-up and most of the girls she had ever been friends with had done the same at the first available opportunity, so Joanne’s comment kind of stung her a little. Being as polite as she was, Jennifer never said anything though. She simply nodded through it, trying not to get upset. Joanne completed her first real conversation with Jennifer by saying, “I’m dating God anyway.” Jennifer had to bite her lip until it hurt to keep herself from saying, “Well, I think God would like you to put some make-up on.”

She had laughed about that one for weeks. It would strike her out of the blue as she made her way to class, walking alone. She knew what Joanne had meant by “dating God” but it had just sounded funny. She thought that it was an admirable thing for someone to date God, focusing their attention on their spiritual life instead of some guy who would most likely be a big creep anyway. At least with God you could always count on Him to be there.

As Pam walked into the room, still yelling to someone down the hall, Jennifer was putting on some perfume. Pam immediately noticed and stopped, forcedly, in her tracks as if shocked by what she was seeing.

“Jennifer! Are we going on a hot date tonight?” she asked, with mock excitement.

Jennifer simply turned and nodded with a pleasant smile. While she couldn’t stand sharing a room with Joanne for the semesters prior she was beginning to hate living with Pam even more. What’s worse,” she thought, a roommate that just looks at you funny, or a roommate that’s loud and looks at you funny?

“Well, well, well,” Pam said. “I can’t believe my girl finally found somebody.”

“More like he found me,” Jennifer said, suddenly wishing she hadn’t divulged any information to her.

“Oh, I see,” Pam said. “So, your boyfriend’s a bit forward, huh? Better be careful.” She pointed a finger, like a warning, at Jennifer.

“It’s not like that, Pam.”

“Sure it’s not, until you suddenly find yourself up at The Point in an uncomfortable situation,” Pam sighed. “I guess it doesn’t matter much though, not with the two of you going to the revival meeting tonight and all.”

Jennifer didn’t say anything and she could tell that Pam was waiting for some kind of response, maybe a confirmation that she and Ewen were going to be among those in attendance. Jennifer didn’t say a word as she picked a piece of lint off of her sweater and then examined her outfit in the mirror. She was wearing blue jeans and a white sweater that fit her perfectly. She was stunning, even in the most casual of clothes, although she never thought that herself.

“You are going to the revival meeting aren’t you?” Pam asked, breaking the silence.

Jennifer turned to her, trying to look disappointed.

“No. We’re going out to dinner instead.”

“Jennifer! How can you miss the service? Everyone is going to be there,” Pam pleaded.

And that’s exactly why I’m not going to be there, she thought.

“Well, I’m not the one who is in charge of where we’re going tonight. It was Ewen’s idea.” 

As the words left her lips she realized what she had just said. She had no intention of telling Pam anything about Ewen, especially not his name. That was something Jennifer wanted to keep to herself and as the look on Pam’s face turned to shock once more Jennifer wanted to find the nearest hole and crawl inside of it.

“Ewen? The guy from my Ethics class? Oh, no! Jennifer, he’s crazy! He doesn’t say anything to anyone, just sits in the back of the room looking creepy,” Pam said.

Jennifer started to laugh out loud, uncontrollably. Pam looked at her, disappointed.

“You shouldn’t be laughing. You never know what guys like him are capable of.”

Jennifer wanted to say something to stick up for Ewen, but she couldn’t stop laughing long enough to get any words out. The idea that the same sweet, quiet, perfect gentlemen she had met during service that afternoon was some kind of a crazy person made her fall into hysterical laughter the more she thought about it. Finally, noticing Pam’s serious look, Jennifer wiped the tears from her eyes—careful of her eyeliner—and cleared her throat a little.

“I’m sorry. I didn’t mean to laugh like that. It’s just that he’s incredibly sweet and very shy. I don’t think you know him very well. Either that or you’re thinking of the wrong guy,” Jennifer said.

“This morning, in class, he started arguing with the professor about how Christians are supposed to act toward non-Christians. He actually argued with the professor. Can you believe it?! Like he’s some kind of professor himself.”

Pam took a deep, dramatic breath and calmed herself.

“Just be careful, okay? He’s not like the other guys on campus,” Pam said.

“Just for the record, I’ve heard of some pretty crazy and insensitive things that so-called Christian guys have done around here to girls,” she said, noticing the rising protest on Pam’s face. “But I promise I’ll be careful. Okay?”

Pam nodded, still visibly worried as Jennifer made her way to the bedroom window. She peeked through the blinds just as someone knocked on the door. Pam, eager to move on to happier thoughts, got up and rushed to answer it. She opened the door and a young Asian girl in a jogging outfit was standing in the hall. She smiled at Pam, instantly recognizing her.

“Hey, Pam. There’s some guy downstairs who is looking for Jennifer. Can you tell her?” the young girl said, a little out of breath.

Pam smiled, nodding.

“Sure,” she said as she shut the door.

Jennifer grabbed her purse and checked herself one last time in the mirror. She wasn’t that impressed, but it would have to do. She stopped, just short of the door, and looked back at Pam who was beginning to clean up her side of the room.

“Pam?” Jennifer asked.

Pam looked up at her, still visibly concerned.

“I really appreciate you worrying about me,” she said.

Pam’s mood seemed to lighten up a little bit.

“Not a problem. You have a good time, okay?” Pam said.

Jennifer nodded and left the room, leaving Pam to finish cleaning up.

CHAPTER 8

For some reason Ewen had blanked when it came to a creative place to eat. He didn’t know if it was because he hadn’t ventured too far off of campus yet to really know what was out there, or if he just wanted to keep it simple. Either way, he and Jennifer had ended up at Byron’s Grille, which was no more than five miles away from campus.

As they walked to the door of the restaurant it suddenly occurred to him that they might see someone from campus. That would, of course, bring about a diverse set of challenges—or at least it could. First of all, if they did something that wasn’t allowed on campus then they weren’t being—as the dean would have put it—“a good representative of the college.” The dean was quite concerned about the university’s reputation through means of representation. During Wednesday services he had been known, on several occasions, to reiterate the fact that they needed to be good stewards in the community. Although Ewen couldn’t think of anything that he and Jennifer might do that evening that would break that rule, you never knew; especially when you were prone to finding trouble without looking for it. If someone from campus was there they might overhear a part of their conversation that may be somewhat negative toward the college and could potentially relay that to an R.A. or the dean himself. Of course, that would be eavesdropping and the two of them could plead the fifth on that one.

The second thing that could happen was that someone from campus might see them drinking a beer. Since Ewen wasn’t old enough to drink, and neither was Jennifer, he knew that would not be happening. He wasn’t a fan of drinking anyway, and if he had been he certainly wouldn’t do it on a first date with Jennifer. He was quite sure he didn’t want her thinking he was a drunk and him ruining any chances he had with what seemed to be a budding relationship.

No, it was the third possibility that actually worried Ewen the most. The very simple fact that someone could be eating at the restaurant that Jennifer knew. At first glance that didn’t seem to really be much of a problem, but you had to get inside a guy’s psyche to understand the issue. 
A guy waits to go out with a beautiful young woman. He finally gets his chance and dresses up for the occasion, perhaps even wearing a little extra cologne too. He opens doors for her while genuinely trying to be a gentleman and impress her so she will continue to dig him. In the middle of all of this mentally taxing activity—especially the part where he tries not to say or do anything strange or too guy-like—another guy the girl knows shows up and says hello. Talk about awkward. There he is, trying to pretend to be nice to someone the girl knows when all he really wants to do is tell the other guy to take a hike because he doesn’t need any competition—besides, he was the one that asked her out and he certainly doesn’t want some other guy who just so happened to walk in to spend time with her. He earned this time by asking for it while this other dude did not. 

Despite all of this, Ewen would be very pleasant if that did happen. He wouldn’t like the awkwardness of it all, but he was prepared if it occurred. Although he had never been much for competition, he knew Jennifer could change his mind if the situation arose. She was certainly worth fighting for. 

They walked into the restaurant and a hostess greeted them, escorting them to a table on a small, upper platform. It was just big enough for the two of them, and quite cozy. As they walked in Ewen noticed there were hardly any people there. His fear of competition suddenly dissipated, although he still felt bad about his lack of creativity.

They sat down across from each other and began to look over the menu.

“I’m really sorry, Jennifer,” he said, sincerely.

She looked at him, confused.

“Why? What’s wrong?”

“Well, you asked me to take you as far away from campus as possible and I ended up bringing you five miles away—and to the typical place to eat for students, no less.”

Jennifer laughed.

“First of all, I certainly wasn’t expecting you to take me to another state—and believe me, that’s not even far enough tonight. Secondly, I don’t go out very much so this place is pretty new to me. I mean, I’ve been here a couple of times but definitely not enough to have tried everything cool on the menu.”

Ewen smiled. She certainly had a way of making him feel better. The confidence she exuded when she wanted to was nice and never too strong. He had never met someone that used their confidence to build other people up. 

Jennifer examined the menu for a few minutes and then finally closed it, setting it aside. She looked around the restaurant, surprised by how quiet it was. 

“This place is kind of empty tonight, isn’t it?” Ewen said.

“Yeah. They’re probably all at the Romero Center,” she said, looking back at him.

“Must be a pretty big thing to have emptied out this place.”

“Well, when there’s not a lot to do in the town you live in I guess a revival meeting is as big as it gets, especially at MVU.”

A waitress walked up to their table; a white pad and a pencil in her hands, ready to take their orders.

“You two ready?” the waitress asked, smiling.

Ewen looked over at Jennifer with a smile as she looked at the waitress.

“I’ll have the chicken fingers and a water please.”

“For you, sir?” the waitress asked, looking at Ewen.

“I’ll have the same, only make mine a Dr. Pepper,” he said collecting Jennifer’s menu and handing both of them to the waitress.

“Thanks. I’ll bring your drinks right out.”

The waitress walked off, leaving the two of them to connect again. Jennifer leaned in a little, a serious look on her face.

“What was it about Mountain Valley that made you apply here—I mean, if you don’t mind me asking?” she said.

“No, not at all. My Dad is a former pastor and I spent most of my life in church. To be honest, I guess I thought that I could study for a degree in a place that wasn’t that different from what I knew growing up,” Ewen said.

He could tell that his answer made sense to Jennifer. She seemed to relax a little. 

“Safety. That’s pretty much what it boils down to.
That and fear of change,” he continued. “What about you?”

“All of my friends from my church back home came here,” she said, sounding a little nostalgic.

“That sounds nice.”

“It sounded nice. If I had known back then that college would change them all so much I wouldn’t have followed them here. Of course, I’m not silly enough to blame them. I made the decision on my own, but I guess I was just too naïve,” she said, looking down at the table.

The waitress arrived with their drinks, setting them in front of them. She placed some straws in the middle of the table.

“Your meals should be out shortly.”

Ewen gave the waitress a smile.

“Thanks,” he said.

She walked off, leaving them alone once more.

“To be honest,” Jennifer continued, “I don’t think I fit in here.”

She suddenly shook her head in disbelief.

“I’m sorry. That sounded so self-serving. I’m really not as whiny as that may have made me sound,” she said, looking at him ashamed.

“Actually, it didn’t sound like either of those things. In fact, I spend most of my time feeling out of place here too. I don’t know anyone here and you’re the only girl who hasn’t given me a weird stare,” he said, lifting his hands as if pleading his innocence.

Jennifer cocked her head to the side a little, disbelieving.

“I find that hard to believe,” she said.

“Why is that?”

“Well…” she said, beginning to blush.

“What?” he asked.

“I just think that a guy on this campus who is good looking is a prime target. I mean I’m sure you know that we were ranked in a men’s magazine as having some of the most attractive girls?” she said.

Ewen had heard that rumor before coming to the college. Of course, after he had been on the actual campus for a semester he began to believe it was exactly that: a rumor.

“You obviously don’t know me very well. The girls here aren’t interested in a guy like me,” he said, confidently.

“Sure they are. Why not?” Jennifer asked, surprised.

“Because I don’t run with the in-crowd.”

Jennifer sighed, frustrated.

“That’s a term I never thought I’d have to hear at a Christian campus,” she said.

“You and me both.”

The waitress suddenly appeared with their food. They each welcomed their plates with open arms as they began to eat, talking to each other in between bites.


The two security guards were the first to see them. Danny and Boyd had been working the small booth that was positioned at the entrance to the campus. Their jobs were quite simple; if you were trying to get on campus by vehicle you had to go through them and you had to have an MVU parking sticker. If you didn’t, you were questioned and given a guest pass—but that was if you had proof of who you were. No ID, no entrance.

As the sun disappeared just over the horizon Danny and Boyd watched as over one hundred figures made their way down the bottom of Carver’s Mountain and toward the campus. Whoever they were, there were a lot of them and Boyd, the newest to the job, didn’t think they were going to be checking in. You could barely make out the details of what they looked like from the distance they were at, but there was something strange about them—all of them. They seemed to move differently than most folks Boyd had ever seen. They almost seemed to jitter, violently, and drag themselves as if being pulled by an invisible force above them.

Danny had been a campus security guard for four years at MVU. He had seen plenty of things he hadn’t expected but he knew Carver’s Mountain-what it was and what the students did up there-and never in four years had he seen this many bodies leaving the mountain. Where were their cars? No, this was wrong and he knew he needed to act fast before they got any closer to campus.

“What do we do?” Boyd asked, his eyes unable to break from the crowd of figures.

“Get the dean on the phone,” Danny replied, watching the them just as intently.

Without even looking, Boyd picked up the phone and dialed the number to the dean.


Dean Jacobs had been in bed since about three o’clock that afternoon. Without warning he had been struck by some type of head cold. His body ached, he couldn’t breathe through either of his nostrils and he generally just felt like he was on his deathbed. His wife had caught it too and earlier in the evening as they both tried to hold down some chicken soup, they had lamented about how they must have caught it from one of the students.
Tissues, too many to count, were wadded up and sitting everywhere around his bedroom. He had just fallen asleep from sheer exhaustion when the telephone rang.

He nearly jumped out of bed and then quickly became annoyed when he realized there was no fire, no burglar and certainly no dinner bell going off anywhere nearby. It was the phone, and he hated the phone. It never brought him good news, only more problems; problems that, tonight, he needed to do without.

“Hello?” he said, sounding clogged and miserable.

The voice that spoke to him was the last one he ever expected to hear.

“Dean Jacobs?” the voice said, sounding shaken.

The dean sat up in bed and as he did his wife stirred beside him, groaning a little in her sleep.

“Boyd? Is that you?” the dean asked.

“Yes, sir. I’m sorry to bother you, sir.”

“What’s wrong?”

The dean could feel his head beginning to throb again and chills broke out on his arms. My fever’s getting worse, he thought.

“We have some trespassers on the grounds, sir,” Boyd said, searching for the right words.

The dean’s concern quickly turned to aggravation once again.

“Boyd, tell me you didn’t wake me up just to let me know we have trespassers. It’s your job to deal with things like that, is it not?”

“I know, sir and I’m sorry for calling but there are just too many for us to stop and check.”

The dean looked perplexed.

“What do you mean?”

“Well, there are, what appears to be, a large group of men and women making their way down Carver’s Mountain and toward the campus.”

“How many of them are there?” the dean asked, sliding the covers off of him and exposing a pair of blue pajama bottoms.

“Too many to count, sir,” Boyd said.

Suddenly, a horrifying thought occurred to the dean, his eyes widening in terror.

“Where are the students?” he asked.

“It’s seven o’clock, sir,” Boyd said. “They’re at the revival meeting.”

He slid his legs out from under the covers, placing his bare feet on the floor. He flipped the light on by the night table, waking his wife. She instantly turned toward the light, leaning over him.

“Call the police. I’m on my way,” the dean said, hanging up the phone.


Boyd stood in the small booth holding the phone to his ear as he stared out at Carver’s Mountain. The figures were getting closer to the campus and they no longer looked like blurry, black shapes. The men and women appeared to be less human now and the closer they came Boyd could see mud and dirt falling from their limbs.

“What about the students, sir?” Boyd said into the receiver.

No reply.

“Sir?” he said again, getting a dial tone.

Boyd hung up the phone, looking over at Danny.

“What did he say?” Danny asked.

Boyd looked back out of the booth, completely unnerved.

“Call the police. He’s on his way,” Boyd said, no inflection in his voice whatsoever as he stared at the crowd coming down the mountain. “Somebody better get here soon,” he said. “They’re heading straight for the Romero Center.”


Jennifer and Ewen sat at their table, reviewing their empty plates and enjoying each other’s conversation. They had been talking through the entire meal without any uncomfortable silences and it was amazing to both of them how much they had in common, especially their struggle to fit in.

Jennifer sat back from the table, sighing.

“Wow. I can’t believe I finished my plate. I never do that on a date,” she said, blushing a little.

Ewen laughed.

“Well, that’s either really good or really bad. It depends on how you look at it,” he said, still laughing.

Jennifer started to laugh with him.

“As long as I don’t go back to the dorm tonight and realize that I have something in my teeth and it’s been there since dinner, I think finishing my plate will be the least of my concerns,” she said.

“You definitely don’t have anything in your teeth,” he said, still laughing.

Jennifer began to laugh a little harder and as she did Ewen was struck again by how beautiful she was. Everything about her from the sound of her voice to the way she smiled endeared her to him. She noticed that he had stopped laughing and now seemed to be admiring her.

“What’s wrong?” she asked, wiping a joyful tear from her eye.

“Promise you won’t think I’m weird?” he asked.

Jennifer suddenly became serious.

“Ewen, I would never think you’re weird. If I ever needed proof that there were still guys out there that actually acted normal, I think I got it tonight,” she said.

Ewen looked at the table, embarrassed.

“So, what’s wrong?” she asked again.

Ewen looked back up and their eyes met once more.

“Every minute I spend with you I can’t help but notice everything that you do and how beautiful it is. I’ve never been with anyone in my life that makes me feel so alive,” he said.

Jennifer was speechless. All she could do was smile, which was perfectly fine for Ewen. After seeing so many forced and fake smiles on campus, her beautiful and genuine smile could entertain him for hours. Suddenly, though, Ewen realized he had weighed the mood down a bit.

“This was probably not the right time to tell you that. We were in the middle of a fun conversation,” he said.
	
Jennifer immediately protested.

“No, no, no. Anytime you want to tell me how beautiful I am go right ahead,” she said, starting to laugh. “Even if we’re talking about Scooby-Doo or something silly.”

Ewen started to laugh.

“Scooby-Doo is no silly matter. I take my Mystery Machine very seriously,” Ewen said as they both burst out into even bigger laughter.


Screams of terror were filling the sky above the Romero Center. The creatures had made their way down the mountain and onto campus. The crowds of hundreds heading inside of the large dome immediately attracted their attention and they had made their way to it.

The first attack happened so quickly. It was as if the creature had picked up incredible speed after seeing a young man making his way up onto the curb. He hadn’t even noticed the thing running toward him, thinking that it was just another student going to the service in what was left of the natural light.

It latched onto his shoulders and as he began to scream out in pain he turned his head and saw the living corpse that had hold of him. The mud from It’s hands smeared across the young man’s dress shirt as the pain became too much and the creature was able to bring him down.

The other students, who were making their way into the building at the last minute, saw the creature feeding and they all began to run for the entrances to the Center. For most of them, it was too late.

Music was emitting from inside the building, filtering outside through the open doors and mixing with the screams of the students. The undead attacked, running from one student to the next, grabbing them and pulling them to the ground. Several of the students inside noticed what was happening and began to call for help.

Daniel Fabian, a handsome sophomore, ran to one of the entrance side exit doors just as some of the students inside shut it. 

“Let me in!” he screamed, tears of terror threatening to fall from his eyes.

Daniel began to pound on the metal exit door as hard as he could as he looked behind him and saw one of the creatures making Its way toward him. It had been injured somehow, either before or after It had died, and was dragging Its broken foot behind It. Daniel turned back toward the metal door, still screaming out for help. He pounded his fists so hard on the door that the skin on his knuckles split.

“Please! Somebody help me!” he screamed out.
	

Inside, three students—one of them Gary Mann, a soccer player for the college—were standing on the other side of a metal door listening to the screams of another student as they pounded on the door. They were all looking at each other, trying to decide what to do. Their eyes were filled with a fear they had never felt before as the crowds of thousands inside the Romero Center were yelling and crying behind them.

“Open it up, Gary! Let him inside!” one of the students said.

“What if one of those things gets in here?” Gary said, his tone less than conversational.

“You can’t just leave him out there! He’ll die!” the student said, red with anger.

Gary took no time to think about what the student had said. He had already made up his mind.

“And if we let those things in here, we die!” Gary yelled, a vein popping out along his temple.
	

Outside, Daniel Fabian was still pounding on the metal door. By now he had stained the door with blood and was becoming drained of all of his energy. He turned around to see where the creature was and came face-to-face with It. Its breath, rotten and musty, filled his nostrils and made him queasy, but before he could turn to be sick the creature grabbed him with incredible strength, wrapping Its dilapidated tendrils around his throat.


From inside the Center Gary and the other two students listened as the pounding stopped. Suddenly, they heard pounding again, lower, louder and more like kicking and then the screams began once more. They didn’t last long and as they faded Gary turned toward the other two students. They had all turned away, pretending not to be a part of what had just happened.

CHAPTER 9

Mass hysteria was still going on within the confines of the Romero Center except for a small group of people who had gathered near the platform on the basketball court. Robert was among them and remained surprisingly level headed throughout the situation, considering he had helped two students break free from one of the creatures and had gotten them inside. He didn’t know what they were, or maybe he was supposed to say who they were, but in either case they reminded him of something that was both ridiculous and terrifying at the same time. 

He was a fan of horror films, especially the old ones he use to watch with his Dad when he was young. He wasn’t much for baseball, basketball or any other sport for that matter but when it came to movies—particularly the ones that contained monsters in them—he and his Dad had been able to bond. King Kong, Godzilla, Dracula and even The Mummy had all been a part of his cinematic diet when he was growing up. Even after he got older and watched more recent horror films—ones that his Dad never would have dreamed they would ever make—he still enjoyed watching them. 

One night, while staying at a friend’s house, he had been flipping through the channels when the original Night of the Living Dead came on television. They had both never seen the film before and so they decided to watch it. No sooner had they begun to eat their popcorn had Robert’s friend passed out on the couch from exhaustion. Robert checked the clock and noticed that it was 2:30 in the morning. He was tired too, but he couldn’t go to sleep without seeing the rest of the movie. Glued to the set, even through the commercials, he watched until the very last frame.

As he stood at the bottom of the Romero Center, surrounded by screaming, crying and terrified conversations, he thought about the creatures in Night of the Living Dead. Zombies, he thought. There’s no way that’s what these things are. They can’t be. These were definitely thoughts he planned on keeping to himself. After all, he might never get a job at the radio station here if they all thought he was a complete nut. Fictitious horror movie monsters were the last thing on everybody’s minds. There was blood covering the streets just outside of the Center and lives of friends and, perhaps, even relatives had been lost. This was a very real situation and there had to be a very real explanation for it.

Gregory Davis, a middle-aged and balding man, stood in the middle of the group. Most everyone, including Robert, had gathered around him as he began to flip through the dial on a portable radio. He tuned in station after station, searching for any sign that someone else was experiencing the same event. After reaching the end of the band, and flipping back through it once more, he shut it off turning back to address the group.

“Nothing. Absolutely nothing. It’s like this isn’t even happening,” the man said.

“Maybe it isn’t,” Robert said, immediately drawing the attention of the group.

It was strange how they all looked at him. At first Robert thought they looked angry at him for interjecting and then, upon a closer examination, he realized they were all looking to him for an answer. 

“What I mean is, what if this is only happening here? It wouldn’t be all over the radio, would it?” Robert said.

Suddenly, a young girl sitting in a chair just out of the group spoke up. Tears were streaming down her cheeks and she was visibly shaking.

“Why is this happening at all?” she yelled, more tears beginning to flow.

Robert looked at her, scared with her. He wanted to say something, anything that might calm her down, but the truth was he didn’t know what to say.

The girl screamed again, this time directed toward the rest of the Romero Center.

“What’s happening?”

Her voice resonated through the entire building and for the first time, silence swept over the crowd. As everyone looked down at her the sounds of the creatures outside pounding on the doors began to fill the auditorium. They’re still trying to get in, Robert thought.
Another student rushed over to the young girl, trying to comfort her as Gregory turned to Robert.

“I don’t see how we could be the only place being…” he stopped, searching for the right words. “Attacked.” 

“The surrounding radio stations are miles from here, sir. I think the closest one to us is WKVR and that’s in Welton City—more than twenty miles away. Even if it’s more widespread it doesn’t appear to have reached those stations yet.”

One of the students in the group, a dark haired young man with glasses, spoke up.

“So no one even knows what’s going on here?” he asked, almost rhetorically.

“The police should know and be on their way,” Gregory said.

“Yeah, while the rest of the world goes about their business.” the student said, turning away in disgust.

“We don’t know that. We’re making a crude judgment based on the fact that radio stations are still going on about their routine. We have no solid evidence or proof,” Gregory said.
Robert suddenly got an idea, chiming in.

“What about our campus station? Are we still on the air?”

Gregory shook his head.

“Nothing live, at least. We’re running off of the satellite feed at the moment.”

“Can someone call the station and tell them to get the word out over the air?” Robert asked.
Gregory shifted his stance and leaned in to Robert, practically whispering.

“Look around you, son. This place is packed tonight. Every student on campus is supposed to be in here. They even threatened some of them with demerit slips if they didn’t show up.”

Gregory turned back to the radio and began to flip through the FM band again. Robert turned and walked toward the auditorium seats, sitting down next to his book bag. There has to be some way to get the word out, he thought. And then it hit him. If he could somehow make his way to the campus radio station and could figure out how to go live he could broadcast the message to the entire city and anywhere else the signal would go.
He knew the chances of him making it out there and then finding a way to get in were pretty slim. The doors to the station would probably be locked and he knew relatively little about the equipment they used there. But he also knew that if he didn’t at least try to do something he would be sitting around stir crazy, waiting for those Things to pound their way inside. In some twisted way, facing them head on was better than waiting for them to come for him.

He stood up, grabbing his book bag and slinging it over his shoulder. He walked casually past the group, who were still listening intently as Gregory flipped the dial, and made his way out through the basketball team’s entrance. He disappeared into the corridor underneath the auditorium seating without anyone even noticing.
As Robert made his way through the winding, back hallways of the Romero Center he could hear the hum of the fluorescent lights above him. They cast an eerie, purple-tinted glow to the speckled, white tiles. He could hear the confusion still going on inside the auditorium as it filtered out into the hallway. It sounded more terrifying now that he was away from it all.

He walked down the left corridor, his shoes squeaking just slightly and his footsteps echoing. He searched the cinderblock walls to his right for some way out. He knew there had to be an exit. He had seen it at some point when walking to class, making his way down those steep stairs and behind the Romero Center before heading up another set of them that led toward the academic buildings.

Suddenly, he heard something heavy drop to the floor behind him. He stopped, immediately swinging around to see what it was. His heartbeat instantly accelerated and he could feel his hands beginning to shake as he saw one of the creatures standing over what was left of one of the students. Apparently someone had tried to make it out the other direction and had failed.

The creature growled at him with a wispy, more human tone. It was a woman—or at least it had been—about thirty. She was wearing a nightgown, covered in mud, and had long blonde hair that had been matted down by the smothering heat from her previous place of residency. Her eyes stared at Robert, lifelessly. He made the first move, carefully. He began to back up, attempting to continue down the corridor. As he did, the creature stirred, taking a step toward him.

The creature was just beyond the entrance to the auditorium and suddenly a horrifying thought occurred to him. If that thing sees all of the people inside it will go after them. He stopped again, but the creature kept moving. One step after the other It made Its way closer to Robert, and closer to the entrance to the auditorium.

Robert noticed something out of the corner of his eye. He turned and saw a fire extinguisher hanging on a hook in the wall. He moved fast, grabbing it and searching for the locking mechanism. The creature walked to the entrance to the auditorium and stopped, listening to the sounds of the crowd. It turned, looking out at all of the activity and started to move into the auditorium. Robert looked up from the extinguisher and saw the creature heading inside.

“Come on! Let’s Go!” Robert yelled, his voice echoing down the hallway.
The creature instantly turned to him and then, after a moment of hesitation, It charged after him. He began to back away, still looking for the trigger release. The creature let out a terrible, guttural scream as It reached out for him. His fingers finally slid across the trigger release and he pulled the locking mechanism out just as the creature grabbed his shoulders.

He squeezed the trigger of the fire extinguisher, sending a powerful blast of white foam against the front of the creature’s nightgown. It stumbled backward, threatening to lose Its balance. Robert stood there, looking at the white foam that now covered the front of the creature. The creature stood Its ground and then, after a second of realization, looked back at Robert and snarled at him. It moved forward again and Robert started to move. He turned around and began to run down the hallway, he could hear the creature’s bare feet slapping harshly against the floor. It was moving fast and although he couldn’t tell, It was nearly upon him. 

He was still carrying the fire extinguisher in his hands. Some of the foam had leaked from the release valve and down onto his fingers. Don’t look back. Whatever you do, don’t look back, he thought, panicky. And then, as if abandoning all of his own intuition he stopped sharply and turned around. The creature was five feet behind him, foam still dripping from It. Robert raised the fire extinguisher just as the creature approached and then brought it down as hard as he could. The metal tube of the extinguisher connected with the creature’s skull, sending It to the floor. 

Robert stared at the massacre he had just created as he gasped for air. His heart was thumping wildly in his chest and he had a strange metallic taste in his mouth. The creature was no longer moving and a large pool of blood was beginning to form behind It’s head. Robert suddenly remembered that early morning memory of watching Night of the Living Dead at his friend’s house. You’ve got to get em’ in the head, he thought. That’s what they did. He was suddenly so happy that he had stayed up late and finished the movie while his buddy lay asleep on the couch beside him.

Robert snapped out of it, dropping the fire extinguisher to the floor and running down the corridor. A few minutes later he found the exit door and threw it open, heading outside and disappearing into the darkness.

CHAPTER 10

After dinner Ewen and Jennifer rode around the city, the streetlights trying desperately to combat the shadows. Ewen drove an old brown station wagon and while there was plenty of room inside for the two of them—and a family of five as well—he had felt a little self-conscious about it when he had picked her up outside of her dorm. Of course, she hadn’t said anything about his car but anybody would rather be riding in something newer and nicer than in a beat up station wagon. He knew her well enough now to know that she wasn’t the kind of girl who was caught up in things though. It was about who you were to Jennifer. That, in and of itself, was a huge turn around from the other girls he had seen on campus.

He wanted a better car, but he was a college student with relatively little money. What money he did have was only there because he hadn’t been on a single date since he had been at college. That was two semesters of savings just waiting to be spent.

He had received the station wagon from his grandfather, who had asked for only one dollar for it. Ewen hadn’t cared too much what kind of car it was if it cost him only a dollar. He was sixteen when his grandfather gave him that offer and he had been desperately in need of some wheels. Borrowing his Dad’s car was a pain, not because his Dad gave him a hard time but because his Dad was always driving somewhere. His father, David Wilson, was a minister and was always driving to and from the church as well as going out to visit the sick at the local hospitals. And as far as his Mom’s car, she didn’t really have one. Basically her vehicle, an old Ford, had been parked in the driveway collecting cobwebs for quite some time. It needed some major engine work after blowing a head gaskets. Needless to say, it wasn’t going anywhere.

So he gave his grandfather the dollar and took the keys. The car purred like a kitten, even though it wasn’t in the best shape. His Dad had made sure it was inspected by a mechanic—not wanting his son driving on the road with a car that would fall apart or leave him stranded—and Ewen had been on his way to enjoy freedom. Right now though, Ewen was on his way to nowhere. He had no idea where to go next and because of the size of the town, wasn’t so sure there was anything to do next.

“It looks dead out here tonight,” Jennifer said, watching the streetlights as they passed.

“Must’ve been a pretty good turn out at the revival meeting,” Ewen said.

“Do you think we’ll get in trouble for skipping again?” she asked, looking over at him.

Ewen nodded. He was certain that if there was a way for them to get more pink slips and demerits they would.

“I don’t see how they can get by with making someone go to a revival meeting. They try and force things to happen too much,” Ewen said, upset just thinking about it.

“It reminds me of when I was a little girl and my Dad would always make me go to church. ‘When you’re out of the house you can do whatever you like. But until then…’ he would say,” she said with a smile.

“I had no choice,” Ewen said. “My house, at one point, was actually attached to the church.”

Jennifer started to laugh.

“You’re joking, right?” she asked him.

“Nope. When I was little we lived in a parsonage that was built beside the church. You could literally go next door and be at church.”

“You really did have to go to church, didn’t you?”

“Go? I was already there.”

The two of them began to laugh and Ewen suddenly realized that this was the most fun he had had not knowing where he was going in all of his life. It was so easy to talk to Jennifer, even though every time he went to speak he was afraid it wouldn’t be. She listened to him and took him seriously, but most of all she made him laugh. That was rare. Usually it was the other way around. As their laughter quieted he sighed and then continued the conversation.

“I never minded though. It was fun,” he said.

“Fun? Living next to church? I would think most people would find that a little boring,” she said, looking interested.

“It didn’t bother me. I played in the church with my toys. You have no idea how cool a church is when no one is inside.”

“It sounds kind of spooky if you ask me. My parents stayed after church late one day when everyone had gone home so that they could clean up a little. It freaked me out being there with just the three of us. I couldn’t imagine playing in empty church rooms,” she said, shivering.

“It was great. You learn quickly when you’re six or seven that pews have way more uses than just for sitting and praying. They make great action figure playgrounds.”

They both laughed again.

“Of course, only now does it occur to me that that might’ve been slightly sacrilegious.”

Jennifer laughs even harder.

“I take it you were older when you were in that church by yourself?” he asked, looking over at her for a second.

The moonlight was coming in through the windshield and illuminating her in pale, white light.

“Yeah. I was about twelve or thirteen, I think,” she said.

“That’s probably the reason why you were scared. Knowledge kills imagination.”

“What do you mean?” she asked him.

“The older we get the more realistic our fears get. I wasn’t afraid of being in an empty church because I was too busy thinking about what my G.I. Joe’s were going to do next,” he said, looking over at her. “You were scared of being there by yourself because you knew that if you were alone in a dark place you could be in danger. Some of that innocence was gone.”

“Maybe if I’d had some G.I. Joe’s to play with I wouldn’t have thought about it,” she said, looking out the window at the passing streetlights.

“Maybe. You have no idea what power Cobra Commander can wield to make you forget your troubles.”

They began to laugh at each other and then they realized they were getting close to campus again. The city lights had disappeared during their conversation and given way to the mountains and valleys once more. Jennifer looked over at Ewen, something heavy on her mind.

“Ewen?” she asked him, sincerely.

He took his eyes off of the road again and looked over at her.

“Do we have to go back just yet?” she asked.

Ewen smiled at her, sweetly, returning his eyes back to the road.

“No. We can go somewhere else if you’d like?” he said.

Jennifer reached up and grabbed Ewen’s hand, placing it in hers. She smiled, turning her gaze back toward the road as Ewen took another exit, heading back toward the city lights.

CHAPTER 11

Dorm thirteen, “the unlucky place to live” as those who believe in luck around campus called it, sat high atop a hill overlooking one of the main parking lots. Two stories tall, this brick building housed the women’s dorms on the second floor and underneath them it held the onsite Laundromat. 

The sun, well below the horizon by now, set behind dorm thirteen usually giving it an orange glow in the early evening and an angelic brightness in the morning. Tonight though, it simply stood reaching toward the sky in a blanket of darkness. A blanket of darkness, that is, except for a single window lit up at the far corner of the second floor.

Inside of dorm thirteen a long hallway stretched toward double doors on each end. From one or the other your perspective would alter, making it seem as though the other set of doors were slightly smaller somehow. The last numbered room in the dorm, room twelve, was sending a small, perpendicular shaft of light out from under its door. The sound of girls laughing, muffled but still discernible, was emitting from behind the door along with the sound of music playing from a radio.

Room twelve was decorated with posters of Christian rock bands and picture collages of friends and family members. Susan and Tracy, two sophomores, shared a room just big enough for one person to live in with two twin beds on either wall. 

Susan was nineteen and as rebellious as she could get by with all the way down to her clothing. She wore mostly black skirts and gray or maroon tops along with her black military boots. She was “Goth” without breaking the campus rules—something she had tried very hard to do. Her parents had sent her to MVU, wanting her to go somewhere that could give her a good education and encourage her spiritually. At least, that’s what they had told her and the dean of students. Susan felt the same way she had always felt since hitting her teens: they wanted to change who she was. But Susan wasn’t just some naive teenager who refused to abide by a societal rule. She would take the time to think and plot out her rebuttals and acts of defiance. If you told her she couldn’t do something, she would try even harder until she could.

Her roommate, Tracy, was the exact opposite. Tracy had beautiful blonde hair but was perhaps the most homely of anyone on campus. Tracy’s folks didn’t believe in make-up or much of anything else that was what they called “modern.” Tracy grew up with a large family of three brothers and two sisters. Her parents worked on a farm and she had been teased as the girl from The Waltons most of her life. She had a tremendous tolerance for people and a great deal of patience—which had always been a true virtue in a house that had that many kids and only one bathroom. She was a sweetheart and extremely accepting of others, even if they looked like they hadn’t seen sunlight in decades. That made her an ideal roommate for Susan.

Tracy had never understood why someone would want to look the way that Susan did, but she cared about Susan none-the-less. In fact, she wanted to understand her better. This was Tracy’s first real life experience. She was away from home and out to explore the world a bit—or at least Mountain Valley, which seemed different and foreign from her rural upbringing. 

The main difference between the two of them, the thing that was causing the commotion in the room, was that Tracy wasn’t rebellious at all. She believed that rules were always for her own protection and completely abided by them. Her parents had been rather strict disciplinarians and now that she was here and allowed to make decisions on her own she felt tremendously free, even with the MVU campus handbook by her night table. 
The thing that bothered her most was that, in an effort to see what living on the other side of the fence was like, she had listened to Susan and skipped the revival meeting. She knew she shouldn’t have done that and was absolutely positive that they were both going to be getting demerits for their actions. What would her parents think? What would they say? They would be so disappointed in her, she just knew it.

“You’re acting ridiculous! Just relax,” Susan said, laughing at Tracy as she paced the floor.

“How can I? We’re skipping the revival service, Susan. That spells big trouble if we get caught,” Tracy said, stopping to look at Susan with her hands on her hips.

“Oh, is that what it spells, Trace?” Susan said, sarcastically and then burst into another fit of laughter.
“It’s not funny,” Tracy protested.

Susan stopped laughing and looked at Tracy, seriously.

“You’re right. It’s not funny,” Susan said and then suddenly burst out laughing again. “I’m sorry, I can’t help it.”

Suddenly, Tracy heard a loud bang from down at the other end of the hallway. Susan continued to laugh, unaware until she saw Tracy’s face. She was frozen in terror, her eyes wide.

“What?” Susan asked, her laughter dying down.

“Someone’s coming,” Tracy said, barely moving an inch.
Susan began to listen too and soon they heard the sound of footsteps, soft and slow, coming toward their room.

“Hide!” Susan whispered.

They both scrambled, turning off the radio and sliding under their beds. As the footsteps got closer Tracy realized they left the lights on. She slid out from under her bed and ran to the switch, the footsteps sounding closer now. She hit the light switch, flooding the room in darkness and managed to find her way back under her bed.

The footsteps stopped and the two of them could only hear the sound of crickets outside their bedroom window for what seemed like forever. Then, suddenly, the footsteps started up again. They moved away from the door, just as slow and soft as before and a second later they heard the double doors beside their room being thrown open and the sound of the footsteps walking away. The double doors slammed hard, jolting Tracy, and then they were left with the sounds of the crickets once more.

They waited for several minutes, wanting to be sure that whoever that had been was truly gone, and then slowly emerged from under their beds. They stood in the darkness, whispering to each other.

“You okay?” Tracy asked.

“Yeah. But I think I should really clean the stuff out from under my bed. There’s something hard and sharp down there and I was laying on it the whole time,” Susan replied, as she rubbed her lower back and winced.

“What do we do now?” Tracy asked.

“One of us should probably go outside and make sure that the coast is clear,” Susan said, starting to shake her head. “Listen to me. I sound like Fred from Scooby-Doo.”

Tracy managed to stifle a laugh, amazing Susan. Some part of her hadn’t really thought she would get much of a response to a pop culture reference from Tracy. She was surprised and impressed. Happy that she had made a breakthrough with Tracy, Susan headed for the door. Tracy stopped laughing, catching her attention.

“Do you want me to go?” Tracy asked.

“Nah. Stay here and keep a look out.”

“Sure thing, Fred,” Tracy quipped.

Susan smiled and then walked carefully out of the room.

The hallway was lit on both ends by moonlight, beams of white cascading and stretching. As Susan walked out of her dorm room, shutting the door behind her, she was immediately bathed in moonlight. She looked left and down toward the far side of the hall, straining her eyes to check shadows and listening for the footsteps. After a minute she looked the other direction, the double doors nearly in front of her. She crept up to them, trying to keep her footsteps completely silent. When she reached the door she peered out of one of the windows. The window was too close to the outside wall to really get a good perspective so she hunched down and put her ear to the door. The crickets chirped outside and it reverberated through the door. Susan could also hear the wind blowing gently through the trees. She strained her ears, trying to hear beyond the aesthetic sounds, and searched for something else.

Back in the room Tracy stood in the darkness. It felt like Susan had been gone for too long, but she knew better than that. There was something about this fear she was feeling that made time slowly creep by. She wanted to think the whole idea behind what they were doing was silly. After all, what was the worst they would do? Give them demerits? Sure, her parents wouldn’t be happy about having to pay a fine and might even make her pay for it somehow, but it wasn’t a life or death situation. Maybe they could even talk their way out of it. She had never been in trouble with the R.A.’s before and maybe she could spring for both of them to get out of this situation cleanly.

As she thought about these things, trying to lay out some sort of a script that she could say to the R.A. if they got caught tonight, she felt herself being drawn to the bedroom window. She walked, almost trance-like, to the moonlight sifting through their blinds. As she reached the window she raised her hands, parting the blinds. She leaned in, trying to see what was outside. As she did a dark shadow blocked the moonlight and her view was filled with the most hideous pair of eyes she had ever seen. They seemed to glow in the night. She screamed as loud as she could as she stumbled backward, releasing the blinds and falling to the floor.

Susan, still hunched down with her ear to the double doors, heard the scream fill the hallway. She stood up to run toward the room but as she did the window in the door broke open, sending shards of glass scattering across the hallway floor. A pair of rotten and muddy hands reached out and grabbed her by the shoulders. They pulled her toward the double doors and her back slammed against the release bar. One of the doors flew wide open and as it did Susan felt the grip of the hands loosen. She struggled and managed to pull herself away. She ran back inside and into her dorm room where the screaming had now stopped. Susan slammed the door shut, immediately twisting the lock, and looked around the room for Tracy. Her eyes had adjusted to the light—or lack thereof—by now and there was no sign of her.

“Tracy?” she whispered.

Suddenly she heard a sniffle, followed by heavy breathing. Susan followed it to Tracy’s bed and peered underneath it. Tracy was huddled up as far back as she could, flush with the wall.

“Are you alright?” Susan asked.
Tracy just nodded, tears streaming down her face. Susan was about to say something else when loud pounding began on their dorm room door. They both jumped and Tracy started to scream again. Susan put her forefinger to her lips, quieting Tracy.

“Don’t make another sound,” Susan said.

She quickly crawled over to her side of the room and hid back underneath her own bed. Whatever it was that had been sharp and lodged in her back the last time poked at her again. This time she barely took notice as she watched the door pulse with each hit it was taking from the other side.

The pounding went on for several minutes, the door threatening to crack, and then it suddenly stopped. The entire room went silent. Susan could feel her heart racing and was almost sure that it was loud enough to give her position away. Her muscles began to ache from being tensed up for such a long period of time. As she slowly began to relax them another pulse hit the door this time sending it flying open and almost off of the hinges.
A figure stood in the doorway, looking into the room. Susan could hear Its raspy breathing and something wet and thick dripping on the carpet. It walked inside, dragging Its feet and practically stumbling. It came to a stop right in between the two twin beds and as It did Susan was hit by an incredible stench. The smell of mildew, mud and decay filled the room making her nauseous. She covered her mouth, trying not to make a sound as the figure turned, Its torn and dilapidated shoes pointing toward Tracy’s bed. Susan could see Tracy’s eyes widen in horror. They both looked at each other, helplessly.

Suddenly, the figure reached down and lifted up the mattress and box spring, throwing them off to the side of the room and revealing Tracy curled up underneath. It snarled at her as she began to scream. She tried to slide out from under the bed but the figure grabbed her, digging Its long and filthy fingernails into her shoulders. Her screams quickly died as Susan watched her body fall, lifelessly to the floor.

Outside of dorm thirteen, the window that once held light and warmth in a building completely blanketed in darkness, now held only screams and the sounds of destruction. In the moonlight more of the creatures were making their way toward the building, their shadows long and stretched across the hillside.

CHAPTER 12

In a town as small as Mountain Valley you were lucky to get something like a mall. Most of the time you had to walk the old city streets to get any recreational shopping done, unless there was a corner market or a hardware store near where you lived. So when the Willowbrook Mall opened just six miles away from Mountain Valley University it was a big deal. There were mixed feelings around town. Those who had lived in Mountain Valley all of their lives didn’t see a need for a mall and were concerned about the small shops in the city that had been there forever. Where would they go? Could they survive?

In the end it boiled down to the fact that the university brought in quite a lot of money into the town—more than enough for both a mall and the smaller shops to survive—and if they intended to keep the university chock full of students then the town was going to have to modernize in a few ways. The older folks called it compromise and the kids called it cool. Either way you looked at it, Mountain Valley got a mall.

Three years later the Willowbrook Mall opened up and the most peculiar thing happened. Mixed feelings once again arose but this time they were turned around completely. The older folks thought it was fantastic and couldn’t believe they had doubted their need for it. They praised it for bringing life to the small town and started small groups that would hang out early in the morning before the shops opened up, sometimes walking the length of the mall for exercise. The young people, mostly the college students, discovered that there were relatively few stores that actually appealed to them. Sure, there was a music store with overpriced CD’s and several clothing shops to buy the latest fashion, but it wasn’t the type of mall that most of the students were used to back at their respective homes. 

Since there wasn’t too much to do in the small town, most of them hung out at the mall anyway. The local police weren’t too happy about that, but since the inception of the indoor mall law enforcement had been dealing with that however they saw fit. It was nothing new to the Mountain Valley Police Department. At any given point during the day the mall would look packed. With the students having classes at various times they would filter in and out of the mall. Some of them even obtained jobs, which their parents were immensely happy about. From nine in the morning to eight o’clock at night the mall was the ultimate—and only—hangout.

In recent years though, the mall found itself with unexpected competition. Coffee shops became popular as well as the reinvention of the fifties diner. A movie theater, with pricing perfect for a financially challenged college student, was built within walking distance of the dorms. A used music store was put in downtown allowing students to buy and trade used CD’s. The competition, while cutting into the sheer volume of students at the mall, still didn’t dampen the crowds. Students still continue to hang out there in large numbers if for no other reason than to get away for awhile.

As Ewen drove his old station wagon into the parking lot of the Willowbrook Mall he and Jennifer immediately noticed how empty it looked. Only a few cars were parked there and none of them were remotely close to the building. He chose a parking space near the entrance to the mall and shut the engine off. He looked over at Jennifer, a little unsure.

“Is this okay?” he asked her.

Jennifer laughed a little.

“Are you kidding? I’m a girl. You couldn’t have brought me to a better place,” she said.
Ewen laughed a little as they got out of the car. They made their way toward the glass doors that led inside of the mall, the sound of their footsteps echoing through the parking lot. Shadows hung in every corner, cowering from the streetlights. As if both realizing how cold and lonely the place looked they reached for each other’s hand, interlocking their fingers.

To Jennifer, it felt perfect holding Ewen’s hand. She had never felt so comfortable around a guy before. There was no fear of saying something stupid or, most importantly, of being someone other than herself. After all, she had been a bit hard hearted when Ewen had first walked up to her and introduced himself, so being herself certainly wouldn’t scare him away.

There was something else about him too. She couldn’t quite pinpoint it, but she knew it had something to do with what they were doing at that very moment. They weren’t just walking to the mall. They were walking to a seemingly deserted mall at night in a town that appeared to be almost empty for some reason. The idea of being in a ghost town, or a ghost mall for that matter, was scary. But being in a ghost town or mall with Ewen made her fear lessen. Her thoughts went back to what he had said in the car, The older we get the more realistic our fears get.

Maybe her sense of safety around Ewen was premature or even silly so early on but she got the feeling that even though they had just gotten to know one another he would do anything to protect her. Was it love that was making her feel this way? She didn’t know, and her inability to accept the irrational without good reason told her it was too early to know. 

As they approached the walkway that led to the entrance she spoke to him, afraid her thoughts had somehow taken too long.

“This place looks empty,” she said, looking at him for a moment.

“I know. You’d think the mall would be packed. It’s the only thing to do in this town,” Ewen said. “The restaurant was more packed than this.”

Suddenly, something from behind one of the cars in the distance emerged. A twisted, black figure watched them walk toward the glass doors. The shadow from a tree nearby the entrance suddenly grew thicker and took on a more human form, swaying slightly. Neither Ewen or Jennifer noticed, still focused on each other.

“Why do I feel like the rapture has taken place and we’ve been left behind?” Jennifer said.

“Well, if there are any sales going on you’ll be the first in line,” Ewen said, grinning.

They both laughed a little as he opened one of the entrance doors for her. As soon as they disappeared inside, the shadows all around the mall began to move, twisting and churning into odd shapes and forms and stretching for the entrance to the mall.

CHAPTER 13

The inside of the mall was just as empty as it appeared to be from the outside. Only a handful of shoppers were walking the town’s single-story shopping mecca. Ewen and Jennifer were able to relax and walk casually past the stores instead of weaving their way in and out of a crowd. The shoppers that were inside didn’t seem the least bit interested in the two of them, or much else for that matter. Ewen noticed a peculiar looking woman with a shopping bag in one hand and her purse hanging off of one shoulder walking the opposite side they were on. At first glance she appeared to be just an average older woman out walking the mall until he noticed her choice of footwear. Pink, house slippers were attached to her feet, scuffing along as she made her way past a camera shop. Deciding it best not to stare at someone, even if their attire practically warranted it, he turned his vision straight ahead.

Jennifer sighed, sounding like she was emerging from a deep stream of consciousness. Ewen looked at her, concerned.

“You all right?” he asked.

“Yeah. I was just thinking about how much fun I used to have back in high school shopping after school with my friends,” she said, half shrugging.

It felt like it had been years since the days when she had gone shopping in high school and by all calculations it was getting pretty close. She had been the only one with a license at the earliest of those times and her friends, Julie and Chris—short for Christine—had always sprung for some gas money so they could scope out the latest fashions and, of course, the guys. Most of their evenings were spent ogling the “hunks” that were seniors to their juniors and laughing while spilling the beans on whatever recent gossip had been passed around school that afternoon. Sure, it wasn’t good to gossip but they would have to learn that another, more difficult way. For them, back then, it was all about who was dating whom and who had a fight with whom. Nothing serious, at least not until they got a little older. 

Since she had graduated the days of careless fun and laughter had pretty much ended, not to mention the whole concept behind friendship. She hadn’t met anyone in her dorm, in her classes or even on campus at all that she had connected well with. She had tried to connect with other girls, but had mostly been approached by guys who were quite obviously looking for something a little different than spending time at the mall and laughing.

When she was younger she had had a rough time with her best friend that she had known since kindergarten. It had seemed that when they both hit sixth grade her friend, Tamara, had suddenly found another group of girls to hang out with. Tamara had still talked to Jennifer and on rare occasions they would still stay over each other’s houses, but it just wasn’t the same in sixth grade as it had been prior to that. There was something different between them and although they had never had a fight or ever disliked one another it still had made her sad and she didn’t understand why. Her father sat down with her one night while she was doing her homework, having noticed that she looked upset at dinner.

She had told him about her situation and he had explained to her that sometimes people grow apart and that there was really nothing you could do about that. It was a part of life that was difficult. Of course, he had followed his explanation with the required speech about how she would have other friends but that she would always treasure those memories of when she was younger. It was then that she decided that, in no uncertain terms, growing up could really suck. “Maybe that’s what keeps me from having new friends here,” she thought.

“Everyone here must be happy to be older, wiser and on their own. I still want to be a Toys-‘R-Us kid.”

“I miss being at home,” she said, laughing at herself a bit. “I know that sounds ridiculous. After all, you’re supposed to have more freedom at college and more fun.”

“Here? At Mountain Valley?” Ewen asked.

“Yeah. Where was that in the brochure?”

“Right after the part about no televisions,” he said.

Jennifer laughed, her smile lighting up her face.

“You have a pretty smile,” he said, admiring her.
Suddenly he realized that what he had just said was kind of abrupt. 

“I’m sorry,” he said. “I probably shouldn’t have said that right then.”

“Don’t apologize,” she said, continuing to smile. “It’s perfectly fine. Besides, it doesn’t give me that awkward, first date kind of moment where one of us is wondering what the other is really thinking.”

“Well, I have a knack for saying things when I should probably keep my mouth shut. My timing’s a little off,” he said, embarrassed.

“I doubt that,” she said, squeezing his hand a little.

“Tell that to the people in my classes.” he said, He looking doubtful.

They approached a sign for the restrooms and Ewen stopped.

“I’ll be back in a second, okay?” he said.

“Sure.”

Jennifer looked around and saw a Spencer’s Gifts shop.

“I’ll be right next door,” she said.

“Cool. I’ll meet you there,” he said, walking off and disappearing through a set of metal, double doors.

As he entered the corridor that led to the restrooms something strange washed over him. He could hear his footsteps echoing down the hall and he concentrated on the floor for a moment. At first it was just a game, trying nonchalantly not to step on the cracks of the tiles, and then he realized what it was that felt so strange about this place. He stopped, looking down the corridor as chills spread out across his arms and the hair on the back of his neck stood up. This is my dream, he thought. And as it came to him so did the sound of something thick and wet rolling along the floor just beyond the corner that led to the restrooms. He found himself unable to move, just like in his dream, and then the slow, dragging footsteps began.


Jennifer found herself walking down one of the aisles that held the Halloween masks. The faces of demons with big horns and sharp teeth as well as funny rubber molds of several presidents stared back at her, hanging from the wall. She started to wish she had chosen another store to venture into while she waited for Ewen. The masks all looked so real. Sure, they were rubber but some of them didn’t look so fake. How could anyone wear one of these? she thought. 

What made it worse was, for some reason that was unclear, no one was manning the register in the store. Anyone could walk in, break the drawer open and steal all of the money. No one would even be here to call the cops. Except for her, of course. But she wasn’t sure she wanted that terrifying responsibility. 

She finally reached the end of the aisle and began walking along the back of the store. She passed a life-sized butler with a few wisps of gray hair and a crooked, evil smile on his face. He was holding a silver platter out, as if waiting to serve her. She stopped, staring at it for a moment. It’s eyes glistened in the light and looked incredibly life-like. The more she looked at it, the more she wanted to run so she kept walking and scanning the aisles. 

Suddenly, something moved. She saw it out of the corner of her eye and turned, quickly. The butler stared back at her, still holding the platter and still grinning wickedly. She watched it, swearing that it had moved. After a few moments she shrugged. I’m losing my mind, she thought. She turned around to continue walking along the aisle and came face to face with a young man. She screamed out, backing up a little, and then realized the young man was wearing a name tag and a vest that had Spencer’s embroidered on it. She calmed down a little and smiled, nervously.

“I’m so sorry,” she said. “I guess this place has me a little on edge.” 

She forced a small laugh and then her eyes fell upon the blood flowing from the young man’s neck. The young man’s jaw dropped open and he let out an unearthly hissing sound as he lunged for Jennifer. She screamed again, this time at the top of her lungs. She turned and started to run out of the store but the young man reached out for her, grabbing one of her ankles as he fell to the floor. Jennifer fell with him, landing on the palms of her hands, as if doing a push-up. Instantly she felt shooting pains through her wrists as they wobbled, threatening to give. She kicked at the young man, struggling to get away from his grip. Finally, after several tries, she landed a kick to the young man’s forehead. It pushed him backward and she quickly got to her feet and ran out of the store. 


Ewen stood in the corridor, watching as the pool of blood began to slide around the corner and spread up against the wall. The thick, slow footsteps became louder, getting closer to him until, finally, he saw the creature turning down the hall and coming toward him. Suddenly, he found himself able to move again. He turned, running for the metal doors that lead back into the mall. Just as he reached out, placing his hands on them, an opposing force pushed them open and sent him to the tiled floor.

A crowd of The Dead pushed the metal doors open, snarling and reaching out for him. He quickly looked back and saw the creature much closer now. Jennifer’s out there, he thought. Oh, God. Please keep her safe. He got to his feet and did the only thing he could do: run. He ran as fast as he could, charging at the crowd by the metal doors. He hit them, ducking his head as if using it for a battering ram. He could feel their cold, muddy hands clawing at his back and trying to grab him. Through some miracle he broke through them and found himself almost colliding with Jennifer in the mall. She looked to him as though she had been running as well. Her cheeks were a little red and she was trying to catch her breath.

“Run!” he yelled at her.

They both took off through the mall as fast as they could. Jennifer couldn’t be sure but it now seemed to her that the people they had seen when they had first entered the mall weren’t really people at all. Every one of them seemed to be after them, no longer content with walking the mall. After a few minutes some of The Dead began to fall back, leaving the rest to continue after them. They weren’t as fast as Jennifer had thought and as she looked back she saw that she and Ewen had at least an eight-store radius on them now. They reached the end of the mall and disappeared inside a department store.

CHAPTER 14

On better days the courtyard had been the place for students to hang out or study in between going to their classes. Now, in the pale moonlight, it was completely desolate. The fountain was still running, giving off some semblance of life, and the speakers were still playing music from the campus radio station’s satellite feed. The voices of worship seemed to be whispering through the courtyard as the wind rustled a row of nearby bushes.

Robert emerged from the woods and made his way along the side of one of the academic buildings. He stopped at the corner, scanning the area and watching for any movement. After a few moments he decided to venture into the courtyard, the sounds of the waterfall and the music getting louder the closer he came. When he reached the darkened, glass doors that led inside of the radio station he reached down to open them but they wouldn’t budge. Suddenly, he heard what he thought were footsteps. He turned around, scanning the area again for movement. Nothing. He looked back at the entrance to the radio station in frustration. He turned to his left and saw another set of doors, these leading into one of the academic wings. He hesitated at first and then sprung into action, running to them and heading inside. 

Robert entered one of the hallways to the English building, the glass door behind him closing shut. He turned back to it and examined the lock. It was a glass door, so even if he locked it he knew it would still be possible to get inside. Finally, he decided he didn’t really care at this point and flipped the lock anyway. Maybe it will buy me some time, he thought. 

He made his way down the hallway, just as carefully as he had into the courtyard. His eyes were wide open, focusing on every small detail that surrounded him. The carpet was a stale green, speckled with maroon, and as each of his shoes landed on it he could tell that it had been laid down without even so much as an ounce of padding. It was carpet on concrete, most definitely. Cork board hung from the walls with announcements, grade sheets and classifieds for roommates or “for sale” items pin cushioned into it.

The hallway branched off to the right, sharply, and Robert followed along—but not before running to the other end of the hall he was on and locking the adjacent doors. As he walked through the smaller hall he found it dumping him out into an indoor study area. On the walls were plaques with names all over them and various dates. They must be graduates, he thought, examining a few of them. A fountain, much like the one outside, flowed, and the sounds of the water falling echoed through the study area.  

Resisting an urge to call out for someone, just to know for sure whether anyone normal was still inside the building, he continued through the study area to another hall. Immediately to his right he saw a gold placard on the wall. It read, “WCLR: Campus Radio Station.” Robert saw the door next to it and immediately reached for the doorknob, expecting it to be locked. To his surprise the door opened fast, revealing the body of Terry Lubscomb—the snotty senior he met before—laying on the floor of the radio station. 

Robert jumped back, startled. His book bag slid off of his shoulder and onto the hallway floor as he watched the flies lighting off of Terry’s corpse. A sudden wave of nausea hit him and he covered his mouth, trying to keep it inside. The sounds of the flies somehow became louder to him, making him unable to control his stomach from churning. He turned and vomited into the hallway and as he did another corpse appeared in the doorway to the radio station—only this one was moving toward him. 

It reached out, grabbing Robert by the shoulders. Robert screamed out in pain, the creature’s grip tightening on him. He twisted his body, breaking free, and took off running back the way he came. He ducked behind the water fountain, out of breath and holding one of his shoulders. Suddenly, he heard the corpse growling and moaning. It entered the study area, searching for him. Robert crept slowly around the fountain, watching the corpse as It moved on to the other hallway. As soon as It did Robert ran back toward the radio station. The corpse saw him and ran after him with surprising speed. Robert reached the doorway and slammed the door shut just as the corpse appeared in front of it.

Robert twisted the lock as the thing began to pound on the door from the other side, shaking the frame. He looked around the station entryway, searching for something to use as a barricade. His eyes immediately caught a glimpse of a podium sitting off to the side near the glass doors. He ran over to it, lifting it up as the adrenaline surged through him, and shoved it against the door. After a few minutes the pounding stopped. It seemed quite abrupt and Robert remained still, listening carefully for several minutes more just to be sure the creature was gone. 

The sound of the flies flittering and lighting off of Terry Lubscomb’s dead body hit him again, along with the beginning stages of decay. This time he managed to suppress his nausea, even though he knew he was going to have to do something about the body. 


Ewen and Jennifer, out of breath and looking extremely paranoid, made their way through the department store. They were now entering the Men’s Clothing section on their way through the Jewelry department. 

“What’s going on, Ewen?” she asked him, knowing he knew as much about it as she did.

“I don’t know, but we’ve got to find a clear way out of here,” he said, scanning the perimeter.

Ewen had a firm grip on Jennifer’s hand and was leading her along with him as he searched, frantically.

“There’s got to be an exit door somewhere,” he said. “I should’ve known there’d be a reason to go to the mall more often.”

Suddenly Ewen stopped, forcing Jennifer into an abrupt halt as well. She looked at him, beginning to get scared again. 

“What?” she asked, nervously.

He turned to her, a strange look on his face. It didn’t look like fear to her. It looked more like a sort of crazy excitement. To put it plainly, it looked as though Ewen had just had a brilliant idea. Given their current situation, that scared her.

“What if those things are outside?” he asked.

Jennifer recoiled instantly, not wanting to think about that at the moment.

“Come on,” he said, leading her deeper into the store.

“Where are we going?” she asked.

“Sporting Goods.”

CHAPTER 15

Hordes of flashing blue lights descended upon Mountain Valley University. The police cruisers, sirens wailing, entered through the gate checkpoint without regard to the two security guards, Danny and Boyd, who sat in the small booth watching them race past them. A strobe of blue light filled the campus as the police rushed to the scene, finding themselves unable to get too close to the Romero Center. 

The first cruiser pulled in as close as it could and a middle-aged officer threw open his driver’s side door and immediately aimed his pistol at one of the creatures from atop the roof of the car. The creature had one of the students, a blonde-haired girl, by the shoulders. Her screams were so loud and high-pitched that the officer almost shuddered. He had never heard anything like that before, especially not in Mountain Valley. Although he seemed to be doing a bang up job at acting as though this was a typical situation—to keep his nerves in check and take the right precautions—he had absolutely no idea what was happening.

“Let the girl go!” the officer yelled, trying to make himself audible over the young girl’s screams.

There was no reaction from either the attacker or the young girl. The attacker was a tall, bearded man with a husky build. He was wearing filthy overalls and his bare feet were covered in mud and appeared to be bleeding. As the officer readjusted his aim he noticed that the blood on the creature’s feet was not his own. The creature had bitten the young girl. The officer fired the pistol, sending the creature to the pavement. The young girl’s screaming now turned into a sort of hybrid somewhere between weeping and agony as she held the palm of her hand to her open wound. She stumbled and eventually collapsed, only feet from the creature who was lying on the ground staring strangely at the officer. Slowly, and with purpose, the creature got to It’s feet and snarled at the officer, drool mixed with blood running out of the corner of It’s mouth.

It’s still alive, the officer thought. That can’t be. I shot it straight on. 

The creature reached out for the officer, heading toward the police cruiser. The officer aimed again and fired, landing the slug right into the creature’s chest. Once again the creature fell, only this time It managed to get to It’s feet even quicker. As It began to reach out for the officer once more he fired the pistol again and again, emptying the entire chamber into It. Still, the creature got back on It’s feet, riddled with bullet holes, and pursued the officer.

The officer pulled the trigger and heard an empty click as he watched the creature come toward him, smart enough to make Its way around the front of the vehicle. The officer struggled to reload and as he did the creature grabbed hold of him, baring Its teeth and hissing. The officer screamed out, stumbling backward, and then raised the pistol in the air. With one fell swoop he brought the butt of the gun down onto the creature’s head. The creature collapsed to the ground, stunned. Finally realizing Its weakness he aimed the newly loaded pistol at the creature’s skull.

The front of the Romero Center was filled with corpses, both moving and lifeless. Gunfire filled the air as the police officers took aim, trying to free the students that were still outside from the grip of these rotting creatures. A few of the officers tried to free them by hand, getting bit in the process, while others simply wasted all of their ammo and were attacked. Mountain Valley’s finest were no match for the creatures and eventually they had devoured their way through the officers and returned their efforts to getting inside of the Romero Center.


News Report Broadcast from WHRH - NBC Affiliate 15 miles outside of Mountain Valley:

Breaking news tonight outside of Mountain Valley where students at the university are reportedly being attacked by unknown assailants. They are reportedly unarmed but are considering extremely dangerous. So far the authorities have not been able to contain the attacks as reports from just outside of the university have more assailants—

(The reporter puts a finger to his ear, listening to someone talk to him, and then nods.)

We have footage sent to us just moments ago from the urban area just six miles west of the university.

(Choppy video footage begins to air showing riots, looters and violence. The creatures are attacking people in the streets. A woman is screaming out for help as one of them heads for her. Mass hysteria is rampant in the streets.)

As you can see the area appears to be under some kind of a siege. Police have not yet released a statement but one officer told us that several police units were dispatched to the university no more than half an hour ago and more are on their way.

Radio broadcast from WKXR FM - 20 miles outside of Mountain Valley:

It’s fifty minutes past the hour here on WKXR, your choice for all those old favorites. The National Weather Association is calling for some cloudy skies tonight, lows in the mid to upper 50’s.

I’ve been receiving some word here that students at Mountain Valley University are being attacked. Apparently police are on the scene. I hope to have some more information on that as the night goes on. Until then, here’s one of your favorites from 1968…


Mildred West, an elderly lady who lived off of Oak Terrace just three miles east of the university, had made her way to the mailbox at around 7:45 that night. She had been suffering from a very painful migraine all afternoon and had spent the bulk of it laid up in bed with her eyes closed. After hours of waiting, her head pulsing with sharp stabs of pain, she had found some medicine the doctor had prescribed for her. It had been expired for quite some time but she hadn’t been in the mood to question whether or not it was safe to take. She had been in a great deal of pain and wanted out of it, fast. 

Two pills and about an hour later she had finally been able to get up and move around a little. She hadn’t been able to pay her bills and she knew two of them needed to go out in the morning. Having admitted defeat in the memory loss fight quite some time ago she decided it best to write the checks, seal the envelopes and get those bills on their merry way that evening. After all, there was no telling if she would remember them in the morning or even if she would feel up to it. Her migraines had a way of sneaking back up on her when she least expected it. Nope, she thought. Better that I go ahead and mail em’ tonight. The last thing I need is bill collector’s callin’ and pesterin’ me. I don’t think I’d be able to take the solicitor’s and the bill collector’s callin’ me. They’d drive me to an early grave. She laughed and headed out onto her front porch, envelopes gripped firmly in hand.

As she made her trek down her driveway toward the mailbox she noticed the clouds had covered up most of the sky. The sun was below the horizon and a faint orange glow still hung near it. Gonna rain, she thought, opening up the lid of the metal box and sliding the bills inside. As she did, she saw someone standing in front of her porch. It was the figure of a man with a hat on. The porch light cast his reflection across her lawn, stretching it out toward her. 

“Hello?” she said, her voice a little shaky. “Who’s there?”

She stood at the mailbox, the lid still ajar, fear beginning to trickle its way through her. Her neighbor, John Attenglen, was suffering from memory loss the likes of which she had yet to experience. He was known to sometimes go for a walk around the neighborhood and forget where he was by the time he had walked the block. She thought that it could be him so she spoke to the man again.

“John? Is that you?” she asked, compassion in her voice. “It’s getting late. You live right next door John, remember?”

Suddenly, the man walked toward her, his boots sliding across the grass. As he got closer to her she swore she could see a smile spread across his face and it sent chills up her back. The smile, if it had been one, was neither pleasant nor genuine. There was something sinister in it. She began to back away and that’s when she noticed that the left side of the man’s face was misshapen. His eye was missing and most of his hair as well.

She cried out for help, her voice echoing into the street and across the neighbor’s yards. The man picked up his pace and grabbed hold of her. She let out a bloodcurdling scream that quickly faded out. In the distance the sound of a ticking water sprinkler replaced her screams. The mailbox lid still hung open, the flag still down and a flash of heat lightning way off in the sky highlighted the darkness that had now fallen on Oak Terrace.

CHAPTER 16

Ewen hurried into the sporting goods department, still holding firmly onto Jennifer’s hand. He had never been much of a sports fan through simple lack of interest and the cliché of those who watched sports. He didn’t want anybody to think he was a beer-gutted, slovenly dressed, insensitive creep. He had met plenty of sports fans that weren’t that way and knew that the cliché had been built through sheer stereotypes, but he didn’t want to appear like that cliché at any rate. Most of all, though, he just didn’t find it interesting to watch television for such a long period of time having received no plot, character development or even a good story. Not to mention the fact that he found it strange that grown men sat in a chair for up to three hours yelling at the television screen. 

He searched the aisles looking for something, anything that the two of them could use as a weapon against the creatures. Suddenly, he found what he was looking for. They entered into an aisle filled with baseball equipment. Helmets hung from several racks. Batting gloves and catcher’s mitts hung from another. But what he was most interested in lay at the end of the aisle. Baseball bats were perched awkwardly from several more racks, swinging slowly like a dead man that had been recently hanged in one of those old westerns. 

Ewen let go of Jennifer’s hand and grabbed two aluminum bats, handing one of them to her. 

“This ought to do the trick,” he said.

He turned to her, serious.

“Where’s the nearest exit doors?” he asked.

“I’m not positive, but it should be through the ladies department. I think I came in through there one time,” she said. “Just hang a left out of sporting goods and head straight until you see them.”

He looked at her with a sort of nervous excitement.

“You ready?” he asked.

Jennifer nodded, a worried look on her face. They took off running, exiting the sporting goods department with incredible speed. The lanes and aisles whirled by them as only blurred color. 

When they entered the ladies department a small group of The Dead waited for them, their corpses writhing in twisted excitement upon seeing Ewen and Jennifer. Jennifer stopped short, thinking that they were going to turn around and head in another direction. Ewen had other plans. He kept running, readying his bat as he approached the creatures. One of them reached out for him and as It did Ewen swung the bat, connecting with Its head instantly. The incredible force with which Ewen had swung the bat sent the corpse flying backward and into a case housing jewelry. Shards of glass went spraying everywhere as the other corpses began to go after him.

“Let’s go!” Ewen yelled, looking back at Jennifer for a moment before returning his gaze—and his swing—to The Dead that were steadily approaching.

Jennifer snapped out of the trance she had been in and ran after Ewen, preparing her bat. Suddenly, from out of one of the aisles, a woman leapt at her. She wrapped her filthy hands around Jennifer’s neck, the metacarpals exposed. Jennifer screamed out for help as the woman’s dirty and jagged fingernails threatened to pierce her skin. As she began to feel the oxygen leaving her lungs and see bright flashes of light on a black background she swung her bat, connecting it with the young woman’s leg. The woman’s femur, brittle and exposed, split in half. The woman let out a unearthly scream, more out of defeat than pain, and loosened her grip on Jennifer. Ewen appeared beside her and swung his bat, connecting with the young woman’s head. Jennifer ducked out of the way just in time, holding her throat, coughing and desperately trying to get air. When she looked back at the young woman what she saw made her sick. She quickly turned away, moving her hand from her throat to cover her mouth. 

“Are you alright?” Ewen asked her, placing his hand on her back.

She looked up at him, unsure but nodding anyway. He grabbed her hand again and led her out of the ladies department through the aisles and aisles of clothes and out of a set of double, glass doors.

The crisp autumn air hit them causing them both to take deep breaths, especially Jennifer who was only now gaining some of her color back. The parking lot was exactly as they had left it: empty. A chilled breeze hit them, causing Jennifer to shiver. Ewen searched frantically for his station wagon and then it suddenly hit him. “Oh, no. It’s parked at the other end of the mall,” he thought.

“What do we do now?” Jennifer asked, looking back from the double doors of the apartment building.

She could see several more Dead headed toward them. They were deep into the store but she knew it wouldn’t be long before they were right up on them, particularly if they continued standing around wondering what to do.

“Run.” he said, taking off with her down the side of the mall.

They passed trees with shapes that seemed to move and bushes that rustled when the wind had died down. Everything around them seemed to be somehow alive. Just as a strange metallic taste erupted onto Ewen’s tongue and his mouth began to feel dry beyond belief he realized that Jennifer was stopping, and rather abruptly at that. She let go of his hand and stood completely still, terror in her eyes.

“What’s wrong?” he asked, gasping for breath and hunched over.

Jennifer didn’t say a word. Instead she raised her hand and pointed in front of them. Ewen followed her gaze to a group of twenty creatures standing at the other end of the mall. The streetlight meshed their shadows together forming a horrifying and disfigured blob. They were standing and watching the two of them, as if waiting for them to come. 

Ewen looked back at Jennifer who was almost in tears. She looked exhausted and mentally drained. Ewen began to wonder what he looked like—no doubt, much of the same. Sweat was now rolling down the side of his face as he swallowed hard, a prickling pain stinging his throat. He walked back a few feet to Jennifer. He took his hand and gently touched her face, turning her gaze toward him. Even now he couldn’t help but notice how beautiful she was. The moonlight, what little there was peeking through the slits in the clouds, poured over her and again he thought she reminded him of an angel. He spoke to her, calmingly.

“It’s going to be alright. I promise,” he said, believing in his own words even though he had no way of knowing what they would face next.

“What are those things, Ewen?” she asked him, looking him right in the eyes.

Ewen shook his head.

“I don’t know. I don’t think I want to know either,” he said. “But what I do know is that God is with us. He will protect us.”

Ewen looked up ahead. The Dead were still watching and waiting for them, inhumanly patient. He turned back to face her again.

“Look, I think the only way out of this is to head away from the mall. I don’t know what these things are or why they’re here, but for some reason they came here,” he said.

Jennifer wiped steadily forming tears from her eyes, trying to stay calm.

“What if there are more of them out there, away from the mall?” she asked him.

“As long as they aren’t in such great numbers I think we’ll be alright,” he said.

“What if we come across too many of them again?”

“We hide,” he said, feeling a little helpless. “I know it’s not much of an option, but I don’t know of a better one right now. At least if we can get out of here then maybe, somewhere up the street, we can find help or at least good shelter for awhile until the cops sort this thing out.”

“You really think the police know about it?” she asked, surprised.

“They have to. And if they don’t, they’ll find out soon enough. If we can just get somewhere safe we can wait until help arrives.”

Jennifer nodded in agreement, still feeling just as scared though. Ewen noticed and lifted her chin a little with his forefinger, looking her right in the eyes.

“Are you going to be okay?” he asked, genuinely concerned.

Jennifer nodded and then took his hand into hers. They both turned and looked back at The Dead. They were beginning to move toward them now. Ewen and Jennifer took off running again, this time toward the nearby woods.

CHAPTER 17

It had been only a little over an hour and in that span of time the creatures, reanimated and decayed, had made their way to the university and gone on a killing spree. The bodies of over thirty students, police officers and professors were left behind, covering the sidewalks and streets in front of the Romero Center. Some police vehicles lay on their side, having rushed to the scene and trying to avoid the corpses—not knowing what they were. 

In the midst of the destruction a police officer’s hand began to twitch. 

He had emptied all of his rounds into several of The Dead but they had come at him in such numbers that he had been no match for them… especially without bullets. 

His forefinger slid across the pavement, bloody fingernail scraping at the asphalt. 

They had killed him, brutally and mindlessly. The last thing the officer had remembered was the pain that had surged through his body from one of the creature’s as it had bit him.

His hand made a fist and then relaxed again, as if on impulse.

His body had been sitting there, among the chaos, for twenty minutes. The creatures eventually tired with him and moved on to live targets. 

His legs kicked and slid along the pavement. The palms of his hands began to push him up.

Now, as they beat on the metal doors of the Romero Center, moaning and snarling at what they couldn’t yet get to, the officer was no longer another body lying on the pavement.

He got to his feet, reacquainting himself with his surroundings.

The officer had become one of them. His face, pale and speckled with grit from the road where he laid, seemed stiff and rigid. Gone were the antiquated movements of the living. He opened his mouth, hissing, and moved toward the Center. As he did, other bodies, previously lifeless, become reanimated and began to join the other creatures.

You could still hear the crickets chirruping in the woods. Perhaps it was that, the single sound of any real life left on the campus that drew the dead toward the trees. Some of them left the Center, mindlessly following the sounds. They would soon find themselves emerging from the woods and onto a street lined with dorm buildings, one right after the other. 
	

Within the confines of dorm building nine two sounds were echoing into the hallway…and one of them was getting louder. The first was the sound of the fluorescent bulbs on the ceiling humming, threatening to burn out with a faint tink-tink. The second was the sound of several sets of footsteps pounding against the floor as Riley, Jeff, Mike and Ben ran down the hallway and into one of the rooms. Two of them were helping Mike who didn’t appear to be looking well at all.

Inside, the room was a mess. Only Riley and Jeff lived there, the other two were best friends and, while they didn’t share the room, none of them were in it very much anyway. Most of the time they were all out together somewhere on campus sight seeing for chicks with Mike at lead. 

Riley and Jeff had been best friends in high school and had landed entrance into MVU together. Their first semester here they met Mike and Ben. They had all been at the Snack Shack through sheer means of either coincidence or God’s Will. It depended on which one of them you asked. Mike and Riley were into the God’s Will theory while Ben and Jeff preferred the fate-like theory due to their belief that the universe revolved around one’s lack or abundance of Reese’s Peanut Butter Cups. 

The place had been extremely crowded and there had been only two seats available. It just so happened that those two seats were at a table already occupied by Mike and Ben. Suddenly, a beautiful girl walked in wearing a sundress, sandals and long blonde hair. As she walked through the crowd, heading for a booth in the back where a large group of football players were, Riley and Jeff fell into a trance. Their eyes followed her all the way back and, unbeknownst to them, their mouths fell slightly ajar in awe. After she sat down, nestling in between two jocks with matching leather jackets, the two of them came back to reality where Mike and Ben were laughing hysterically. Riley and Jeff had turned to see what was so funny and realized that apparently they were. Mike and Ben invited them to have a seat and they all shared their astonishment at how gorgeous that girl had been and how ridiculous it was that she was sitting with the creeps from the football team. 

Now, standing around in the tiny dorm room of clutter they were all gasping for air. Long gone were the thoughts of beautiful girls, laughter and good times. They had lost those thoughts somewhere between the time when they had arrived at the Romero Center and when the attack had begun.

It had been seven o’clock on the dot when they had all entered the Romero Center, using one of the side doors that had been ajar. They had scanned the perimeter to see if there were any cute females to ogle in their row when they heard screaming echoing in from outside. As the attacks began the four of them hadn’t known what to do; although Ben, the most influential of the group, had suggested it might be safer back at the dorm. Usually, Riley would have protested just for the sake of doing it, but not then. He was too out of it to do anything but agree. 

They made their way through the hurried and panicked crowds toward the door they had used to come inside. Ben looked outside to see if it was clear. It had looked as though that side of the Center had no clue of what terrible things were occurring just fifty feet away. Wasting no time, the four of them took off running through the woods and back toward their dorm. Mike had been the last one out of the door and by then one of the creatures had noticed them all running away. It took off after them with incredible speed and grabbed hold of Mike’s shirt, pulling him to the ground. His face landed hard into the dirt and the creature began to feed on him. As the creature turned full focus on Mike it didn’t even notice Riley when he ran up beside it. He kicked it off of Mike which sent It rolling down the hill.

Mike now lay on Riley’s bed, crying out in pain and bleeding all over the bed sheets. Riley took a small knife out of his pocket and proceeded to cut a long strip of the sheet off. He put the knife away and headed over to Mike with the piece of sheet dangling from his hands.

“Hold him down, alright?” Riley said, looking at the others for a moment.

They rushed over, grabbing hold of Mike’s arms and legs to steady him as Riley leaned in with the strip of bed sheet. He wrapped the sheet around the open wound on Mike’s neck, again and again assuring it was tight enough to try and give it some pressure. As he did Mike began to struggle but the force of the others was too great for him and all he could do was scream. 
After he tied it down he backed away, watching his friend writhing in pain on his bed.

“That won’t last long. If we don’t get him to a hospital he’s not going to make it,” Riley said, still staring at Mike. “Somebody call 9-1-1.”

Jeff picked up the phone near Riley’s bed and put the receiver to his ear. He dialed the number and waited, expecting to hear a voice on the other end of the line. Instead he heard a recording. He listened to it in total disbelief and then slammed the receiver down on the cradle. The other’s looked at him, scared.

“What happened?” Ben asked.

“It’s down,” Jeff said, staring at the floor.

“It’s down? How is 9-1-1 down, Jeff?” Ben said, accusingly.

Jeff looked up at him, furious.

“I don’t know, Ben,” he said, mocking him. “Are you accusing me of lying? Because if you are I think I could come up with a better lie than that!”

Riley jumped in between the two of them, the blood on his fingers from Mike’s wounds beginning to dry.

“Calm down! Both of you! This is not the time! Just shut up and relax.” Riley said.

Ben and Jeff suddenly realized they were overreacting and calmed down, looking ashamed of themselves. Riley walked over to the stereo perched on the top of his dresser. He turned it on and began to flip through the dial. After several minutes of happy pop songs and political talk radio he turned to the others.

“I can’t believe this. No one is reporting what’s happening out there,” he said.

“That or they’re just not saying anything. I mean, what if we’re the only place it’s happening to?” Ben said.

“I don’t believe that. There has to be other places going through the same thing. There just has to be,” Riley said with more hope than true belief.

“Maybe they’re just not reporting it on the radio. Maybe it’s on television,” Jeff said.

Riley turned to him, disappointed.

“Well, if that’s true and it really is on TV then we won’t be seeing it anytime soon. Against school policy,” Riley said.

“The only ones I know of are in the Mass Com building and there’s no way I’m heading back out there,” Ben said.

“They may be against school policies but that didn’t stop Daniel Geller from hiding one over the door in his dorm room,” Jeff said, excited.

Ben looked at him, his hands on his hips.

“They confiscated that thing two weeks ago. Besides, media is media. If the TV’s got it the radio would have it too,” Ben said.

They all stopped talking for a moment, trying to think of other options they had. Riley began to scan the dial again on the stereo. This time, as he approached the educational FM band he heard a voice that peaked his interest.

“After making it out of the Romero Center I made it here. One of them attacked me just before I reached the station but somehow, through the grace of God, I managed to get past It. I don’t know what these things are but—“

The voice on the radio continued as Riley looked at the others. 

“What station is that?” Ben asked.

“90.1.”

Ben’s face immediately lit up.

“That’s WCLR!” Jeff said. “Somebody’s broadcasting from the college!”

They huddled around the stereo, listening intently to what the DJ had to say.

CHAPTER 18

After Robert had gotten a hold of himself, catching his breath and putting a few more chairs near the door to barricade it, he had made his way back into the DJ booth. It was a cramped, dark space filled with equipment he had never seen before. The walls were lined with shelves housing hundreds upon hundreds of CD’s and the satellite radio feed was coming through two large speakers suspended to the left and right of the booth. As he scanned the booth, slightly in awe of the fact that he had almost accomplished what he set out to do, he realized something: although the equipment was huge and looked intimidating it really wasn’t that complicated.

A large audio board, complete with over thirty faders and probably just as many ways to route things, sat facing the pane of glass that looked out into the hallway of the station. He walked over to it, sliding his book bag off of his shoulders and sat down in the DJ’s chair. It’s just like the one at home, he said to himself. There’s about a million more buttons, but it’s the same basic concept.

When he had been at home, putting together his radio show for his friends at school, he had had to use many different pieces of equipment to get the results he wanted. He had started out with only a few—the basics to get him started and anything he could buy on the cheap. Then, his last year in high school, his parents bought him a really nice six-channel mixer for his birthday. His birthday was in August so it had arrived just in time for his first show of the school year. That mixer had faders, microphone inputs and an equalizer. That mixer had been a much smaller version of the one he was looking at now.

He lifted his book bag up and set it down in front of a small rack with three CD players attached to it. He unzipped it and rummaged through it, finally emerging with a handful of CD’s from his own collection. The satellite feed was still emanating from the speakers above him and that was what troubled him the most. He had no idea how to shut the feed down and go live. And if he did go live what would he say? Don’t say anything, the thought. At least not at first. Just play music until you get your bearings together.

He flipped through some of his CD’s and pulled one out, ejecting the nearby CD player’s tray and popping it in. Once that was ready he began his search for the satellite feed source. He scanned every inch of the equipment and after what seemed like half an hour he finally came across a small switch to his right. A faded sticker was just above it that read, Sat Feed.

His heart began to pound in his chest. He knew that once he flipped that switch the station would go live and he would be in control of that giant audio board. He closed his eyes for a moment, and prayed: Dear God, thank you for getting me this far. I know you’ve watched over me tonight and kept me safe. I ask you now, as I prepare to go on the air that you will guide me through what I do not yet know or understand about this equipment. May my voice be heard where it is needed tonight. Amen.

He slowly opened his eyes and took a deep breath. He flipped the switch and suddenly one of the tape decks behind him began to roll. An announcer’s voice went over the speakers with a light and poppy soundtrack behind him.

“This is WCLR-90.1,” the voice began. “Mountain Valley’s number one choice for contemporary Christian hits. WCLR, the clear choice.”

As the tape ended Robert slid over to the CD player and hurried to play the CD he had put in. Once he did a horrifying thought occurred to him: he hadn’t looked to see what fader controlled the volume of the CD player. He panicked; sweat starting to form on his forehead. Again he prayed. God, please help me. I need your help. He stretched his fingers out, reaching for the faders. They fell on two of them near a separation of sections in the middle of the board. He slid them up, the sweat now threatening to roll down his face, and listened as music suddenly filled the speakers above him. His meters and displays lit up as his CD went over the air. He nearly collapsed in his seat, sighing heavily. Thank you, God, he said aloud. “You’re a lifesaver.”

Over the next three and a half minutes he tried to familiarize himself with the audio board as much as possible, noting where the microphone level was as well as how to turn it on. By the time the song had finished playing he faded his microphone up and began to address his listeners, wherever they were.

“My name is Robert Donovan,” he began, a little shaky at first. “To be honest, I’m not quite sure where to start except for to say that I have, through God’s grace this evening, made it through quite an ordeal to be here.

“For those of you who don’t know, Mountain Valley University is under attack. By whom or what, I don’t know and if I tried to describe to you what I saw tonight I’m not sure you would even believe me. If you are listening to this broadcast from somewhere on campus please stay where you are. If you’re trying to get out, wondering if things are safer somewhere other than where you are, I can assure you that the answer is no.”

Robert relaxed in his chair, becoming a little more comfortable with his own voice and trying to communicate as calmly as possible to whoever might be listening.

“I will use the equipment here at the station to see what kind of information I can get for you and I will try to contact police and other local authorities. Until then, try and find a place to hide and please, I beg you, do not leave your dorms. And under no circumstances head toward the dome. It’s completely overrun. Stay tuned for more information as I get it and if you have information that needs to be heard call the campus station and I’ll get it on the air.”

Robert killed his microphone and brought up the music once more.


The music from the campus radio station is played through the speakers of Riley’s stereo as the others, Ben and Jeff, are huddled around it. Mike lay on the bed unconscious.

“I can’t believe someone is actually broadcasting there,” Ben said, rubbing his forehead.

“Maybe he’ll be able to reach the police,” Jeff said; his hopes were immediately dashed by the look on Ben’s face.

“I doubt it. If you couldn’t get through to 9-1-1 then what can he possibly do?” Ben said.

Suddenly, Mike let out a bloodcurdling scream. His eyes widened, threatening to bulge out of his skull, as he grabbed the sides of Riley’s bed. His fingers clawed at the sheets, now soaked with his own blood. The others turned to him, wanting desperately to look away. He barely resembled the Mike they had all known. In just an hour he had gone from their best friend, the one who had always been there to make a joke or lead the group, to a deathly pale, shadow of a man. His veins had turned a dark, rich shade of purple and turquoise, and were easily visible now all over his neck and along his forearms. 

“We’ve got to do something,” Jeff said, panicked. “We have to get him to a hospital.”

“And how do we do that? Fly him there?” Ben said, the stress making him extremely temperamental. 

Jeff walked over to Mike who was once again moaning, as if in a horrible dream that he couldn’t seem to wake up from. Jeff leaned in to him, whispering.

“It’s going to be alright, man. I promise,” Jeff said, smelling the stench of dried blood.

Riley stood in the corner of the room staring at the floor, as if searching the ill advised pattern in it for answers. It must have worked because suddenly Riley began to move toward the door.

“Where are you going?” Ben asked him, still visibly angry.

Riley turned to him, not in the least moved by Ben’s anger.

“There’s got to be a first aid kit in the R.A.’s room,” Riley said.

Jeff stood up from beside the bed, his hands nervously searching for the pockets of his jeans.

“What if those things get in here?” Jeff asked.

That thought, no matter how tangible or realistic it seemed, hadn’t occurred to them. In their rush to get back to the dorm, to safety, and to get Mike away from those monsters they had never bothered once to assume that the creatures would eventually make their way up the stairs and enter into the dorm hallway. Riley wasn’t sure what was more terrifying, the thought that the creatures would come for them in their own homes or the fact that it had never crossed their minds. What else have we forgotten? he thought.

This time Ben had an answer and it even came off levelheaded.

“We need to barricade the doors on either end of the hall,” he said.

Jeff moved forward, as if called into action.

“What about wood and tools?” Jeff asked.

“Doesn’t matter. Just use whatever you can from any of the rooms to board up the entrances. The heaviest stuff you can find,” Ben said, starting to move toward the door with Jeff.

Riley looked back at them as he headed down the hallway.

“I’ll be there to help as soon as I get Mike bandaged back up,” he said.

With their tasks at hand they all hurried to their places disappearing at either ends of the hall, Mike’s sounds of pain echoing out after them.

CHAPTER 19

Route 237 was the only main road in or out of town. There were other ways to get around-through back streets mostly-but if you were trying to leave or just passing through you were going to be taking route 237 for at least twenty minutes of your trip. It was a busy road, especially during the beginning and the end of summer. Students used the road for everything from getting to the airport, going to the local shopping area or coming back from summer break.

Ewen and Jennifer emerged from the woods gasping for breath and looking out across route 237. What had once been a busy entryway to the college was now the site of fires and destruction. Several bodies were lying in the street. A Ford Mustang was overturned in a ditch with its headlights still beaming at burning blades of grass. 
By some miracle the gas station on their side of the street had not exploded. Cars had been wrecked very near the gas pumps but none of them had managed to hit them. The convenience store beside the pumps though, that was a different story. The windows were smashed in and even in the darkness Jennifer noticed that the store was a mess inside. Squished candy bars and broken bottles of soda had been thrown outside and into the parking lot. 

They stood there for far too long, their eyes not believing the destruction that lay before them. The sound of breaking glass shook them out of their trance and they immediately began to move again, heading toward a hill on the other side of the street. As they walked past the convenience store they heard glass breaking again. Jennifer turned toward the sound, looking right into the store. The fluorescent lights flickered on for just a split second and she could see one of the creatures rummaging through the store. Just before the lights inside went out again she thought she saw the creature turn It’s head and look right at her. Chills broke out on her skin as the lights inside the store flickered off and then, seconds later, on again. The creature was gone. Had it even been there? Was any of this real? The questions rolled through her mind starting to make her feel dizzy. She stopped herself by looking at Ewen who was now focused on the street ahead of them.

“What happened here?” she asked him, whispering.

Ewen took another minute to take in the destruction, a cold, sharp pain hitting his chest.

“I don’t know. It’s like the whole world has fallen apart,” he said. “I just hope it’s not like this back at school.”
	

Ben and Jeff had managed to bust several doors down to the dorm rooms. They had carried out a large, oak dresser from the first room and slid it in front of one of the entryways. They had done the same at the other end of the hallway and when they had finished, the sweat rolling off of their foreheads, they started to wonder if Riley had gotten lost looking for the first aid kit.

“Riley? Are you okay in there?” Ben shouted, getting no reply.

He looked over at Jeff who was wiping some of the sweat from the sides of his face.

“Let’s go find him. I think we’ve done about all we can do here anyway,” he said.

Ben and Jeff walked down the hallway, headed for the R.A.’s room. As they started to pass Riley and Jeff’s room Ben suddenly stopped. He turned and looked inside the room. He could hear the radio still playing faintly and everything seemed to be just as they had left it…only it wasn’t. Mike was gone. The sheets, soaked in blood, were all that was left of where he had been laying. Jeff must have noticed the same thing because when Ben looked back at him he saw a look of horror in his eyes.

“Where’d he go?” Jeff whispered.

Ben didn’t say anything he only stared at Jeff for a few seconds more before turning back toward the direction of the dorm room.

About twenty thoughts tried to race through Ben’s mind all at once. The only one that struck him hard enough to stay was, Where’s Riley? He instantly moved into action, making his way toward the R.A.’s room. He peeked around the corner, Jeff not too far behind, and saw that the room was a mess.

“Riley?” he called out, his voice sounding so hollow from the hallway.

Carefully, he stepped inside. His shoes landed on scattered papers and books. The deeper he got into the room the more it looked as if a train wreck had happened inside. This is not right, he thought. This is definitely not right. And that was when he noticed a tennis shoe lying on its side, covered in blood.

“Oh God,” Ben whispered, covering his mouth.

He turned around to tell Jeff what he had seen only Jeff wasn’t there any longer. He was alone in that room, terrified. At least he had thought he was alone at first, but that was until he noticed a pair of glowing, red eyes watching him from the closet.

He tried to scream, cry for help or make any kind of a sound but his throat clenched up tightly. He opened his mouth but he couldn’t do anything. The eyes moved toward him and the figure moved into the dim light of the room. Mike, his wounds still fresh, walked toward Ben as if controlled. The life that had been in his eyes, whatever little he had had left after that creature had bit him, was now completely gone. Mike’s jaw dropped open and a horrible hissing sound grew louder like the sounds of cicadas in the summer. His arms stretched out, clawing at Ben.

Ben began to back up, his shoes slipping on the mess in the room. 

“Mike?” he said in disbelief. “It’s me, Mike.”

The creature continued to move slowly toward Ben, Its face contorting with rage.

“Mike, please. Don’t do this. It’s me, Ben. Remember?” he said, trying to reach the part of Mike’s brain that held his memories. Ben was unaware that that part of Mike had died a little over ten minutes ago. His brain was simply a vessel for electricity-the power behind his erratic motion and a basic need to quench his hunger.

Ben’s feet slipped out from under him and he fell hard to the floor. Although the pain of his fall surged through his body he didn’t notice, he was too busy watching Mike as he reached out for him. Suddenly, a flash of silver drew his attention from the corner of his eye. A second later Mike fell to the floor beside Ben. 

“Are you alright?” a voice spoke to him.

Ben couldn’t take his eyes off of Mike who was still stirring beside him.

“Ben? Are you alright?” the voice asked again.

Ben finally snapped out of it and looked in the direction the voice was coming from. Riley was holding a metal chair with a bloodstain on it, looking at him. Ben got to his feet, moving away from Mike as he began to claw at the carpet. They both stood and stared at their former friend, watching him try to get back up. Jeff ran into the room and looked over their shoulders.

“What do we do now?” Ben asked.

Riley raised the chair in the air again and started for Mike. Ben quickly grabbed Riley’s arm, forcing him to lower the chair.

“No!” Ben yelled. “You can’t!”

“If we don’t he’ll get one of us. We don’t have a choice,” Riley said, unflinching.

“Can’t we try and reach him?” Ben asked.

“It’s not Mike anymore, Ben. It’s one of those things.”

“How do you know that? It could be fever or…”

Jeff stepped in, placing his hand on Ben’s shoulder.

“Because Riley found one of them in another room,” Jeff said, shaken.

Ben turned to him.

“What are you talking about?” he asked.

“David Teegs.”

“He was supposed to be at the revival meeting tonight,” Ben said, his thoughts coming together slowly and the pain in his lower back now practically screaming at him.

“He must’ve left before we did, if he made it at all,” Riley said, still watching carefully as Mike clawed at the floor.

“He had been bitten, Ben. Badly. He apparently locked himself in his room,” Jeff said, leaning in to Ben and almost whispering. “Riley found him and called out after you had already come in here.”

Ben looked away from Jeff, fearing what he would say next.

“He came back as one of those things, Ben. They all do,” Jeff said, trying to get through.

Ben looked back at Mike who was now beginning to get up. Riley raised the chair into the air again. Ben turned away and walked out of the room. He entered the hallway and fell against one of the walls listening to the horrible sounds emanating from inside the R.A.’s room. With each swing of the chair Ben slipped slowly toward the floor until he was sitting down, his head buried in his knees. 
This can’t be happening.


Ewen and Jennifer had crossed the first two lanes of Route 237 and were preparing to cross over the median when they heard them coming. The Dead had emerged from the woods just behind the gas station and were now heading toward them with incredible speed. They took off running.

When they reached the other side they looked back, watching the creatures begin their trek across the first two lanes.

“What are we going to do?” Jennifer asked him, panicked.

“Isn’t the chapel somewhere near here?”

She thought about it for a second and then nodded.

“I think it’s near the football field,” she said.

“If we can find it maybe we can hide out there for awhile,” he said. “Let’s go.”

They turned to run up the hill and Ewen ran right into an old police officer, still in uniform. His face appeared to be melting from under his hat. He let out a deep hiss and grabbed Ewen by the shoulders. Ewen tried to break free but the officer’s grip was too strong. He screamed out in pain as the officer leaned in to him, the stench of his breath filling Ewen’s airways. Jennifer raised her bat into the air and brought it down hard on the officer. It connected with his skull and sent him to the ground, twitching.

Ewen stood there for a second in shock before Jennifer grabbed his hand and led him past the officer’s body.

“Come on! Let’s get out of here!” she said, breaking him from his trance.

They began to run, disappearing over the hill as The Dead made their way across the median after them.

CHAPTER 20
	
It was ten o’clock and The Dead were still blocking the entrances and exits from the Romero Center. From inside, the once small group surrounding the radio had grown to over fifty students. They were all listening to the radio broadcast from WCLR, the campus station. 

“The police have reportedly arrived on campus only to be attacked themselves, underestimating these… creatures, whatever they are. There is no word yet on how many have survived the attack but from some of the calls I have been receiving it doesn’t sound encouraging.

“All phone lines are down at the campus security office. I repeat: all phone lines are down reaching campus security.”


The hallways of dorm nine had fallen silent, except for the sound of Riley’s stereo as it received the signal from WCLR. Riley and Jeff sat on the bed and listened to the broadcast. Ben was still curled up, his head buried in his knees in the hallway. He hadn’t moved in over half an hour and the others were too scared to know what to say to him.

“Not much information is coming in right now so let me repeat what we know. Whatever these things are they have attacked and killed students who were entering the Romero Center for tonight’s revival meeting. Those who were already inside remain trapped inside at this time.

“A girl from Dorm 12 called in saying that the police had arrived, but were attacked as well. From her vantage point near the front of the campus she didn’t seem to think that many of them could have survived the growing crowds of creatures.

“There has been no word on how many have died tonight, where these things have come from, or if they can be stopped. Speculation and experience from those who have made it out of the Romero Center tonight has the only known way to stop the creatures as severe trauma to the brain. There is no way to confirm this, officially, however myself and several of the callers I have had this evening have experienced the same phenomena.”


The courtyard, just outside of the campus radio station, was showing signs of movement. A few of The Dead were making their way inside, wandering around and trying to find the source of Robert’s voice.

“A report came in about twenty minutes ago saying that the local news had just switched over to the emergency broadcasting network. This has not been confirmed however local news stations have apparently, finally, picked up the reports and are now covering the attacks.”

Inside the station the fluorescent lights flickered from out in the hallway, drawing Robert’s attention to the glass doors. He saw several of the creatures near them and his heart began to race. 

“If you are anywhere near the vicinity of the courtyard here on campus do not, I repeat, do not come inside.”

The Dead began to bang on the doors, trying to get inside, smudging the glass with bloody fingerprints. The doors began to shake, the integrity of them becoming increasingly compromised. Robert watched in horror as one of the creatures threw a large rock at the door. It burst through the glass, sending shards of it sprawling out into the hallway of the station as The Dead walked inside. They turned to him, seeing the large window that separated them and they snarled.

“I don’t have much time left. The creatures have made their way into the campus station,” he said, his voice shaking with fear.

One of the creatures grabbed the large rock from before and walked back over to the window.

“This is my final broadcast. Stay where you are until help arrives and…” his voice broke, tears threatening to stream down his cheeks. “May God deliver us all.”

Robert shut off his microphone and backed away just as the creature threw the rock at the window. Cracks spread throughout the glass like frozen spider webs as the rock fell to the hallway floor. It hadn’t penetrated that time but Robert knew it wouldn’t be long before the creature tried again, and next time he wouldn’t be so lucky. He had to find a way out of there.

He quickly looked around the booth. As he looked up he saw a vent just above one of the CD racks. He slid the chair underneath it and stood on top of it. He reached for the grating and pulled as hard as he could. After several tries it broke loose, along with some of the sheetrock. 

Suddenly the sound of breaking glass filled the booth and he looked over at the window to see one of the creatures reaching inside, trying to climb into the booth. Glass now peppered the audio board and as the creature climbed inside the pieces of glass dug in and out of Its skin.

Robert reached his hands inside of the vent and attempted to lift himself. He slipped and his feet landed back down on the seat of the chair. The creature was now completely on top of the audio board, crawling toward him. Robert tried the vent again, this time leaping into the air first to give him some more height. His arms immediately slid deeper into the ventilation shaft and he began to pull himself inside.

The creature slid off of the audio board and ran for Robert whose legs were now dangling from the ceiling. It grabbed hold of them and Robert began to swing them violently, trying to shake the creature loose. More of the creatures began to climb inside of the booth, all of them now trying to grab onto Robert’s legs. They pushed and shoved each other, while trying to get him out of the vent.

Robert pulled himself up once more, only this time when he did the ventilation shaft broke through the sheetrock and it fell to the floor of the DJ booth. Robert fell, almost as if in slow motion, toward The Dead. They were all watching him like a pack of ravenous wolves. They reached out for him as he fell, clawing at his clothes.

But something happened during his fall. The entire weight of his body fell upon the chair. His neck landed on the back of it and snapped instantly. The last thing he saw before he died was not the horrifying faces that awaited his fall but the brightest light he had ever seen. It comforted him in his last, brief moments before his life slipped away from him.

Outside, in the courtyard, more creatures had gathered. They wandered around the fountain and the area where the students used to study. The sound of Robert’s voice could no longer be heard from the speakers above the campus radio station. There was only silence now. Robert had gone home.

CHAPTER 21

The Seven Hills Chapel rested at the very back of the campus. It had been there long before the university, and once the chancellor and his financial backers had purchased the land they had all agreed to keep it instead of tearing it down. It was a part of history, at least as far as the land was concerned, and they all felt it would be a fine addition to what they believed was going to be a fine university.

In the early stages of the school, before the Romero Center had even been dreamed of, they used the chapel for their church services. The chancellor would speak every Wednesday night and the fewer than fifty students that were going to the budding university at the time would attend. It was within the first year that the chapel got its name. 

One afternoon, while trying to do some repair work on the roof, several of the men decided to take a lunch break up there. The three of them sat on a flat area on either side of the steeple. As they ate their lunches one of them noticed the skyline. He pointed it out to the others and they all began to admire the view from atop the church. One of the men noticed the mountains in the distance and began to count them in utter amazement at how many he could see from the roof. None of them had ever noticed them from ground level. He counted seven and remarked, “They’re so far away. They almost look like hills from back here.”

The chancellor got word of the amazing view and the next afternoon two of the workers helped him to the top of the church so he could see it. He was so impressed by what the men had found that the only thing he could think to say was, “The Seven Hills of Mountain Valley.” Several weeks later, when ordering a plaque to put on the front of the chapel he simply told them it was called The Seven Hills Chapel. As a tribute to those men, who would later become board members in various aspects of the university as it grew, he placed three other plaques inside the little church with their names on them and the date they had worked on the roof.

Ewen and Jennifer finally made it up the hill, their legs threatening to give out as they listened to the footsteps of The Dead coming up behind them. They could see the small, white chapel just ahead, bathed in the moonlight. The electricity appeared to be off inside. It was the steeple with its silver cross perched on top that kept them going, even though their bodies and lungs had long since been ready to give up. Their eyes stayed on the cross, watching it get closer and closer the faster they ran.

They were coming up behind the chapel and could see an old door. As they approached it they heard rustling in the trees and the footsteps behind them getting closer. Ewen immediately tried the knob but it wouldn’t budge.

“It’s locked,” he said, looking at Jennifer in complete panic.

As if in sync with one another they both began to pound on the door, rattling its hinges as they cried out for help.

“Help! Somebody, please! Let us in!” they yelled.

After a few seconds of pounding they heard a voice, one that Ewen swore he recognized.

“Go away!” the voice yelled back. “We can’t help you!”

Ewen and Jennifer continued to pound on the door.

“LET US IN!” Ewen screamed, the veins on the side of his face beginning to protrude.

They could hear something else, just beyond the door. At first Jennifer thought it was an animal whimpering but the longer she heard it the more familiar it became. It was a girl, crying.

“They’re after us! You’ve got to help us!” she screamed. “Please!”

Tears were starting to stream down Jennifer’s face from fear and exhaustion. She wanted to collapse but her fear along with the adrenaline pumping through her wouldn’t let that happen-at least, not now.

The voice spoke to them again, angry and frustrated.

“I said go away! We’re not opening this door!”

This time Ewen figured out whose voice it was. It was Trent Gordon from Mr. Foxcroft’s Bible lecture. Ewen’s rage flared up again, instantly remembering the embarrassment Trent had put him through. He raised his bat into the air just as Jennifer began to scream. He turned around and saw the large group of The Dead making their way over the top of the hill, no more than fifteen yards away. Ewen turned back to the door and swung the bat. It connected with the center of the old white door and dented the wood.

“What are you doing?” the voice yelled, panicked.

Ewen swung the bat again as Jennifer continued to scream. The bat hit the exact same spot in the door, this time sending splinters of wood through it. Ewen swung once more and the tip of the bat lodged itself into the weakened spot of the door. Ewen had to wiggle it left and right to shake it loose from the wood.

“Stop it! Please! We’ll let you in!” the voice said.
Ewen turned back around again, toward the hill, and saw that The Dead were almost on them. One of them, near the front reached out for him, moaning.

The white door flew open and Trent stood behind it, enraged. Ewen noticed several faces illuminated by candlelight just beyond the door. Jennifer and Ewen quickly ran inside, slamming the door shut behind them.

“Somebody get me some of the wood!” Trent yelled.

Within seconds a terrified looking freshman ran up to him with what appeared to be part of a pew. Trent grabbed it and quickly pulled a hammer from his belt. He took several nails out of his shirt pocket and hammered the piece of wood into place, directly over the hole Ewen had created.
As soon as he was finished Trent dropped the hammer and stormed over to Ewen who was still trying to catch his breath.

“What’s your problem?” Trent yelled, his eyes locked onto Ewen’s. “You put everyone in here at risk!”

Ewen stood up straight, facing Trent head on.

“What’s wrong with you? We could’ve been killed out there!” he said.

“How was I supposed to know you weren’t one of them?” Trent said, pointing toward the door. “The way I see it, it was either the two of you or all of us in here! I couldn’t take that chance.”

“That’s just great! Let us die out there while all of you listen!” Ewen said while scanning the faces of the students inside.

“We wouldn’t have-”

Ewen cut him off.

“You wouldn’t have what? Listened? I suppose you’d have just covered your ears, right? Or maybe, you’d have just turned away.”

Ewen shoved Trent, sending him backward a little bit. Trent just watched in anger as Ewen walked back to Jennifer. After a few moments Trent stormed off, disappearing into the shadows.

CHAPTER 22

Moonlight hit The Seven Hills Chapel making it glow and pulse with the shadows of the swaying trees nearby. It acted like an odd beacon for The Dead as they made their way toward it. Some of them were already there, pounding on the doors and stained glass windows. The glass shattered easily, but the wood that had been used to reinforce them did not, frustrating the creatures and preventing them entry to the chapel for now. 

Ewen and Jennifer sat inside, the candlelight flickering throughout the sanctuary. They had moved to the small balcony that looked out across the pews. They watched shadows dance across the pulpit as they listened to the sounds of The Dead trying to find a way inside. No more than twenty students had managed to find refuge at the chapel. Some of them were lying down on the pews. At first glance it would appear that they were trying to sleep, but sleep was something that had become unattainable here. The sounds from outside kept them from drifting along with the fear that somewhere, somehow, one of the creatures would get in and tear them to pieces.

Ewen noticed Trent standing near a small group of students. Whatever he was discussing with them was keeping him quite angry and Ewen had an idea what it was. Every so often Trent would look up to the balcony and scowl in Ewen’s direction. Soon, Ewen got tired of trying to convince himself he was paranoid and slid back into the shadows so that Trent could no longer see him.

“Do you think we’re safe in here?” Jennifer asked him, softly.

He turned to her, his fear softening a bit just by seeing her face. He wanted desperately to tell her something positive, something that would cheer her up. He wanted more than anything to make her feel as happy as she had made him, despite the tragic events of the evening. But there was only the truth within the walls of the small church that night. 

“For a little while. Maybe,” he said, disappointed in himself.

“Better in here than out there I guess,” she said.

Ewen looked out over the balcony and saw Trent still talking heatedly to the small group in the pews. He sighed.

“Yeah. I guess.”

As they sat in silence, looking at the floor, Ewen thought about his old church back home. It bore no resemblance to this one, at least in detail. There were pews and a pulpit, but it was significantly larger and more refined. There was something a bit more comforting and less foreboding about this small chapel. While he had no idea whether they would make it through the night he knew that the building itself brought him a small bit of peace. He suddenly forgot about his miserable experiences with other Christians at the university. His anger with Trent and the thoughts of what he had done began to dissipate. He closed his eyes and concentrated on the chapel, imagining a church service going on early on a Sunday morning. He could see the old chandeliers lit up from high above the congregation and could see the large, wooden cross highlighted in the front just behind the baptism area. 

Suddenly, the peace that he had begun to develop washed over him. He no longer felt the fear from what might lay ahead. It was as if God, the very Being that had listened to all of his complaints and watched over him as he had cried his tears of loneliness so many times before, was now sitting beside him. Ewen imagined the both of them watching the service as folks made their way down the aisles to find Him. God never said a word. He only sat, perfectly still, and watched the people open their hearts to Him. 

Ewen slowly opened his eyes, filling them once again with the shadows and candlelight. After a moment he heard Jennifer speak to him.

“Are you going to be alright?” she asked.

She sounded so concerned about him that he turned to her, a subtle smile on his face.

“Yeah,” he said.

When he spoke he realized why she had asked him that. His voice was a little heavy and he could now feel tears streaming down the sides of his face.

“Why are you crying?” she asked, placing her hands on his.

“Something has happened,” he said. “I’m not sure how to describe it without sounding crazy.”

“You can tell me,” she said, squeezing his hand a little for encouragement.

He turned his body around toward her.

“He never ceases to amaze me, Jennifer,” he began.

She looked at him, confused.

“Who?” she asked.

“God,” he said, looking away. “I’ve been so selfish and I’ve complained so much about everything, and through it all He still loves me.”

Jennifer looked at him sweetly, not knowing quite what to say.

“You know how you used to do something wrong at home and your dad would catch you?” Ewen asked. “He’d forgive you and tell you he how he still loved you but he’d always tell you what you did wrong.”

The tears began to flow down Ewen’s cheeks. He tried to gain control of his voice as he began to speak again but started off slightly rough.

“Well, when I closed my eyes and focused on this place I saw God sitting next to me. He didn’t say anything. His very presence simply made me understand it all. Instead of telling me how I was wrong he filled me with peace and understanding.”

Ewen wiped the tears from his face as he continued.

“I’ve spent far too much time complaining and whining and not enough time trusting God. If I had concentrated on Him every time I felt lonely or rejected He would have filled me with peace and understanding. Instead, I did everything but focus on Him.”

Ewen looked down for a moment, pausing before finding her eyes once more.

“What makes me feel ashamed though, more than anything, is that no matter how ridiculous my actions were or how oblivious I acted toward God, He still sent me you.”

Jennifer was softly struck his words and heart seemed to swell with the realization of what they meant. Tears began to well up in her own eyes now as she watched Ewen struggling with what to say next.

“I never dreamed I’d have the opportunity to know someone like you. Someone who shares my fears and really listens to what I have to say but also someone who gives so much of herself to others. I could have met a hundred people on campus and had some form of a relationship or acquaintance with them but instead, I met only one person I connected with. In retrospect, I’d be lonely all over again if it meant I got to be with you in the end.”

The tears fell from Jennifer’s eyes. They leaned in to one another, embracing. She placed her head on his shoulder and wiped a tear from her cheek.

“Thank you,” she whispered sweetly.

“Thank you,” he said.

Suddenly someone began screaming, and yelling echoed from down in one of the pews. Ewen and Jennifer broke apart, turning toward the sound. They could see a young man tossing and turning. He appeared to be having a nightmare.

“Help us! We’re all going to die!” the young man yelled, his voice surrounding everyone in the sanctuary.

Nell, one of the students trapped inside, rushed over to him. She placed her hand on his shoulder as he lay on the pew. He immediately jumped, sitting straight up. Beads of sweat rolled down his forehead as he looked around in a panic. He turned to Nell, looking her right in the eyes. The color had drained from his face and he was out of breath from yelling.

“We’re all going to die,” he whispered to her.

The sound of his voice sent chills up the back of her neck.

The entire sanctuary now hovered around the young man as he continued to stare at Nell.

“The story is true,” the young man said. “They have risen.”

The group stared at him, fear spreading across all of their faces…except one. Trent Gordon watched the young man in complete disbelief, his look of arrogance never wavering.

“Stop trying to scare everybody, alright?” Trent said.

Nell leaned in to the young man.

“Just lay back down and try and rest, okay?” she said, trying to comfort him.

The young man turned to Trent, his eyes wide with terror. It was as if he were looking through Trent to something so horrible he could only stare at it, emotionlessly.

“Ezekial’s prophecy has come true. Don’t you see?” the young man said.

Trent shifted his stance, trying to appear unfazed but his face was an open book to anyone who noticed. The young man had started to get to him as well. Still, Trent continued to play it off.

“He’s crazy. He’s speaking nonsense,” Trent said.

A familiar voice suddenly spoke from behind the group, echoing up toward them.

“No he’s not,” the voice said.

Trent turned around and the group gave way to Ewen who was still holding onto Jennifer’s hand. They made their way up to the front, never breaking eye contact with the young man.

“Oh great,” Trent said, sighing. “Another person who has lost their mind.”

One of the students in the group whispered something toward Ewen.

“What’s he talking about?” the student asked.

“Ezekial’s bones.” Ewen replied, still watching the young man.

The group turned to Ewen. Trent watched with a look of disbelief.

“In the Bible God put Ezekiel in the middle of a valley full of bones and told him to prophesy to the bones and make them rise up again.”

Jennifer suddenly remembered the story and broke free from Ewen for a moment, trying to find a Bible in one of the pews. After a brief search she found one and began to flip through it, finding the passage of scripture. The other students were beginning to remember as well. They stirred a little, whispering to one another.

“Here!” Jennifer said.

As she began to read the scripture aloud the group quieted down once more, listening intently to her.

“So I prophesied as I was commanded and as I was prophesying, there was a noise, a rattling sound, and the bones came together, bone to bone. I looked, and tendons and flesh appeared on them and skin covered them, but there was no breath in them.”

Trent began to walk away from the group, disgusted.

“This is crazy!” he said. “I’m not going to stand here and listen to you use the Word of God in this way.”

Ewen turned to Trent, deadly serious.

“In what way? The way it was intended?” he asked.

Trent stopped instantly and walked back up to Ewen, getting right in his face.

“Where I come from we don’t defame the Bible,” Trent said.

“Where you come from, however far away you think it is from where I come from, do you use the Bible as a guide to help you through tough times?” Ewen asked, staying relatively calm.

Trent didn’t say a word.

“I don’t know about you but these seem like pretty tough times to me,” Ewen said.

Trent pointed his forefinger at Ewen’s chest and poked him.

“You have no idea what serving God is all about? This university is filled with the family of God-people who read their Bibles daily and spend their free time in prayer and worship. We go to church and we fellowship with each other and we share our spirituality with each other.” Trent paused for a second, his face reddening. “This is the first time I’ve ever even seen you in a place like this, friend.”

Trent turned and walked away, disappearing into the shadows. Ewen stood there, tears threatening to spill from his eyes. Dear God, he thought, give me the strength I need to deal with this pain. Give me the love I need in my heart. Help me find the words I need to encourage those around me tonight.

After a moment Ewen wiped the tears from his eyes before they fell. He turned and addressed the crowd.

“This isn’t God’s Wrath,” he said. “But it is a time for faith. Whatever it is that’s out there is supernatural. It’s going to take something supernatural to combat it. That means God. If there was ever a time when your dedication to prayer and belief was necessary, this is it.”

One of the other students in the group spoke up.

“What can we do to stay safe?” the student asked.

“Everything we can. You’ve already made an attempt to board this place up, but the more those things realize that there’s life inside this church the more they will keep coming. I think we should use the pews to board up what’s left and to reinforce everything else. After all, if we keep our mind on God and this task I don’t think it will be nearly as bad as waiting and listening to those things outside these walls.”

The students became instantly motivated, beginning to break apart some of the pews and hammering them to the exposed parts of the windows.
	

Billy Culver made his way past the other students as they hauled off pieces of wood. His job was to make sure that everyone had the tools they needed to keep their minds off of the events and keep busy.

He reached an old door at the very back of the sanctuary, just under the overhang of the balcony. He opened it and went inside. Three steps led him down into the darkness. He sighed, frustrated. He had forgotten to bring a candle with him. He stood there in the dark for a second and then reached into his pocket and pulled out his keys. He began to flip through them, stopping at a small flashlight keychain that he quickly twisted on. 

The tiny beam danced around the room. It was about as big as a one-car garage and dust hung heavily in the air. As he flashed the beam of light to the right he saw a four tiered, metal shelf. He walked over to it and instantly saw tools lined up on the third shelf. He grabbed the two hammers he saw along with a box of heavy-duty nails. As he did a loud banging startled him and he dropped the box of nails, sending some of them scattering across the floor. He turned around and saw a small window that looked like a rectangle lying on its side. Just behind the window was a pair of eyes staring at him. They seemed to glow like an that of an animal in the small beam from the flashlight. 

It pounded on the window again and again, trying to break it and get inside. Billy quickly set the tools down and ran back out of the room, grabbing a piece of wood. He hurried down the stairs again and picked up a hammer and some nails then made his way toward the small window. He was hesitant at first, imagining the creature breaking through the glass just as he began to hammer. He immediately placed the piece of wood in place as fast as he could, covering up the creature’s face. As he began to hammer he could still hear the creature trying to break the glass.

When he finished he stood back, admiring his handiwork and listening for the sound of the windowpane rattling. It had fallen silent. He grabbed the tools again and ran back out into the sanctuary to distribute them.

	
Outside the chapel something watched from the woods. The muffled sound of hammering made its way toward a creature much different than what had attacked the campus. Its skin was blistered and red. Instead of absorbing the moonlight it reflected it, the flecks and patches of it tightly stretched across the creature’s arms and face. It wore only a pair of dirty, brown slacks that were frayed at the ends. Its toenails were jagged and sharp and dirt from fresh decay was wedged underneath them, making them appear to be black and rotten at the tips.

Without warning or reason the creature began to run toward the chapel with amazing speed. It looked like a badly burned and partially decomposed Olympic runner sprinting for the finish line. It made its way around the side of the church and leapt toward one of the windows.


Inside, two of the students, Jimmy and Trevor, had lifted up a large piece of the backing to one of the pews. They were carrying it over to a section of the stained glass window that was still partially exposed. As they prepared to set it into place something broke through the window, sending shards of thick, colored glass all across the chapel floor. It sounded like a hurricane had sent a large tree limb through it. 

The students who were nearby dropped to the floor of the church, covering their heads as the others watched in horror at the burned and red creature looking them over with anticipation.

CHAPTER 23

Trent watched as the burned creature looked around at the faces of horror, as if preparing to choose its victim. Trent had been working on a stained glass window nearby when the creature had entered the church. Now, he could smell its putrid skin filling the air and he suddenly felt sick to his stomach.

Three of The Dead climbed inside through the hole the creature had made in the window. They instantly began to attack the students who were on the ground, still avoiding the shards of glass. One of the students was lifted up and immediately bitten, their screams resonating through the small church.

The red creature turned to Trent, its crystalline eyes locking on his. Trent began to back away, heading toward the front of the church. The red creature followed him, keeping the same pace he did. He took the hammer, still in his hands from working on the window, and twisted it around so that the claw was pointing out. 

“Help! Somebody help!” he cried out.

His cries were smothered in the sounds of the others who were screaming as they fell under attack. Trent continued to back up until suddenly he felt the edge of the pulpit at the heel of his shoes. He raised his foot, keeping his eyes on the red creature, and went to put it above the next step, only he miscalculated and his feet slipped out from underneath him. He fell hard to the floor, his lower back hitting the corner of the step as he cried out in pain. The red creature leapt on him, lifting him up by his shirt. It threw him toward the back of the church sending papers flying off of the podium and chairs toppling over in his wake. 

It ran to him, picking him up again, with such speed that he had no time to react. Trent could feel blood running down his forehead from his fall. His vision was becoming increasingly splotchy and dark and he felt as though he would pass out at any moment. Just as the creature leaned in, letting out a horrid, high-pitched scream of delight, it suddenly fell silent. It stumbled for a brief moment trying to reach for something unseen behind it before collapsing to the floor of the pulpit.

Trent’s vision cleared up and when it did he saw Ewen standing in place of the creature holding a bloody two-by-four. Trent could barely believe his eyes. As he stared at Ewen, his vision still in need of a slight tweak, he could hear a voice speaking to him. After several tries he saw Ewen walk closer to him and he felt him place his hand on his shoulder. The voice became clearer this time.

“Hey, are you alright?” Ewen asked.

Trent could only nod. Ewen noticed the blood on Trent’s forehead.

“You’re bleeding. We need to find a first aid kit,” Ewen said.

Suddenly, Ewen heard Jennifer scream.

“Ewen! Look out!”

Ewen turned and saw two of the creatures approaching him, their claws clutching for him. Ewen looked back at Trent.

“Run! Now!” he yelled.

Trent stumbled a little and then got a hold of himself. Ewen turned back to the creatures and swung the two-by-four, letting it go right at them. They fell to the floor of the church and as they did Ewen took off running. As he slipped through one of the pews still left standing, one of the creatures grabbed his ankle, sending him smashing into the floor.

He could hear Jennifer begin to scream again as he felt the creature crawling toward him. He turned around, expecting It to be right up on him and preparing to feed. Instead, he felt the creature collapse onto him in a heavy pile. Trent was standing over it holding a hammer, claw out. Trent dropped the bloodied hammer and hunched down, helping Ewen up just as the other creature got to Its feet. 

“Let’s go!” Trent yelled.

They both took off running toward the back of the church. Billy Culver was waving them all inside through the door to the small storage room. Trent went inside as Jennifer and Ewen embraced before heading down the steps.

As soon as they got inside Billy locked the door. Ewen and Trent began to look for something to barricade it with. Ewen looked around for a second and saw the metal shelf.

“There! Help me move that against the door,” Ewen said.

They both ran to it, lifting it up and putting it in front of the door. Pounding began on the other side, slow but strong. The frame of the door started to rattle.

“That’s not going to be enough. We need something else to reinforce it,” Trent said.

Ewen looked around again, this time he saw one of the students sitting on a wooden chair in the corner of the room. He ran to him.

“Let me have the chair,” he said.

The student got up and handed it to him. Ewen immediately began to stomp on it, breaking it apart. The noise sent one of the girls into hysterics.

“We’re all going to die down here!” the girl screamed.

Ewen didn’t even notice. He continued to break apart the chair into manageable pieces. One of the other students beside her put an arm around her, comforting her. Ewen finally finished, grabbing the pieces of wood and bringing them over to the door.

“Are there any hammers left?” Ewen asked, out of breath.

Trent shook his head. Ewen searched the room again, looking for anything they could use. Suddenly, the wood that covered the rectangular window fell out of place. The Dead reached out for them as the students scattered away from the window. Trent grabbed the piece of wood that had fallen and slid it back into place, forcing the hands back through the window. 

“Ewen, I need help,” Trent said, looking back at him.

Ewen rushed over, helping him hold the piece of wood in place and then, suddenly, everything fell quiet. The arms and hands of The Dead retreated back outside and the pounding on the other side of the door stopped. Everyone listened to the silence as it went on for what seemed like an eternity. Then they heard the sound of feet shuffling from the other side of the door. The footsteps were fading. They’re going away, Ewen thought.

CHAPTER 24

Time seemed to have escaped them all as they sat in the small room. Exhaustion had taken over pretty much every student and those who either couldn’t fall asleep or felt obligated to stay awake, like Ewen, were too busy focusing on all that had happened to worry about what time it was. 

Ewen sat on the floor leaning up against the wall near the door to the storage room. Jennifer was asleep beside him, her head on his shoulder. He looked over at her, watching her sleep. He was extremely tired and sore, but not too tired to smile. It was rather weak when it came but after all he had been through it meant more than anything. 

Ewen didn’t notice that Trent was still awake and looking over at him. He watched Ewen gently brush the hair away from Jennifer’s face. He had spent most of the semester harboring such hatred for someone he now felt somehow closer to. He had been wrong about Ewen. He wanted to apologize for his actions but knew now was not the time. Soon he would set it right, but for now he would just pray that God would give him the opportunity he needed.

He looked away from Ewen, feeling as if he was invading their privacy in some way. He knew that was a bit ridiculous, especially since they were all crammed into such a small space. But he didn’t want Ewen to turn around and think Trent was judging him. Judging others was something Trent would be more certain to avoid from now on.

A beam of white light slowly began to filter in through the cracks in the wood that covered the window. Ewen turned to it, watching as it illuminated specks of dust that floated in the air. Suddenly a loud banging erupted from the door. Ewen jumped, noticing several of the others beginning to awaken. He started to panic but as the banging came again he realized it wasn’t the same as before. It was less violent and more…human. A man’s voice spoke, confident and strong, from the other side of the door.

“Is anyone in there?”

No one said anything. Instead they all stared at the door in complete shock.

“Hello? Is anyone in there?” the voice asked again.
Ewen snapped out of it, getting to his feet as Jennifer let go of him. He said the first thing that came to his mind.

“Help us!”

For the first time in a very long time he realized that help was there already.

“Please help us!” Ewen yelled.

The others all began to get to their feet, kicking up more dust inside the room. Some of them began to cry out for help as well.

“This is the S.W.A.T. team. How many of you are there?” the voice asked.

Ewen turned around, counting quickly.

“About seventeen.” he said.

“Is anyone injured?”

“No, sir.”

“Good. Can you let us inside?”

Ewen looked at the door, barricaded.

“Yes, but it’ll take a minute,” Ewen said, motioning for some help.

“Alright,” the voice said.

Three of the other students, including Trent, lifted the heavy, metal shelving out of the way. Ewen unlocked the door and turned the knob, opening it to three S.W.A.T. members dressed in full uniform. They were wearing masks with air filters and their eyes peered at the students from behind them.

As Ewen and Jennifer were led out of the storage room they saw the wreckage of the sanctuary. Jimmy’s body was lying on the floor now covered with a white sheet as two police officers checked the scene. It was shocking for the two of them, not just because they had been a part of the terrible events that had occurred there but because seeing a church in such disarray like that shook them up. They were use to going to a church, sitting in the pews and listening to a sermon. Now, as they looked out across what was left of the few pews near the front the only thing that remotely resembled anything like their previous experiences in other churches was the large wooden cross at the front.

The S.W.A.T. team led them out of the church through the back door. As soon as they set foot on the grass they found themselves nearly blinded by the early morning light of the sun. The lawn surrounding the church seemed to twinkle as the rays hit the morning dew. On any other day this sight would have been completely normal, and perhaps overlooked because it was so common. Instead, Ewen paid close attention to detail seeing several of the creatures lying dead near the edge of the woods. 

Around the front of the church everything was buzzing and blinking as several ambulances awaited any survivors from the area. A black S.W.A.T. van was parked at the edge of the lawn and police units had been dispatched from what appeared to be most all of the surrounding cities. Medics were ushering the students, one by one, toward the ambulances to tend any wounds they had. 

Ewen stopped and turned to Jennifer, concerned. As the activity continued to buzz around them he looked her in the eyes. Neither one of them could muster the energy to smile so instead they held hands while they focused on each other.

“I feel like I should say something, but I don’t know what to say,” he said.

“You don’t have to say anything,” she said softly.

Ewen began to wonder what would happen between the two of them. They had shared something so emotional and intense in just one evening. He wasn’t sure whether that would make for a lasting relationship. In fact, he wasn’t sure they even had a relationship—other than friendship—to begin with. He wanted to ask her if she would be his girlfriend but thought against it, deciding that it would sound childish and inappropriate.

“Can we go out again sometime?” she asked him, blushing slightly.

He smiled. "I should have figured that she would know what to say," he thought. He started to laugh and then was suddenly overcome with sadness. Although his smile was still fading the tears came to him quickly and began to roll down his cheeks. Jennifer watched with a look of understanding. It was as if he had bottled up all of the fear and love he had felt all night and because of the trials he had faced had been unable to let much of it go.

“They say that a person can fall in love instantly. ‘Love at first sight’, they say,” Ewen said, still looking at her.

He stopped, unable to finish for a moment. As he did Jennifer smiled at him, trying to encourage him. He looked away, embarrassed as the tears continued to flow.

“Are you trying to say that you love me?” she asked him, sweetly.

He turned back to her, serious.

“I’ve never been so glad to be in love with someone in all of my life,” he said.

With that she leaned in to him and they kissed. Ewen could feel his heart beating in his chest and for a moment everything around them seemed to disappear. He could no longer hear the sirens, the running engines or the voices. The only things that existed were he, Jennifer and God and at that moment he didn’t think a person needed any more than that.
