Only Skin
by BP Gregory
Copyright 2012 BP Gregory.
All Rights Reserved.
ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. This work is copyright apart from any use permitted under the Copyright Act 1968. This work may not be reproduced or transmitted in part or in its entirety in any form or by any means, electronic or mechanical, including photocopying, recording, or by any information storage and retrieval system, nor may any other exclusive right be exercised, without the prior written consent of the author BP Gregory, except where permitted by law.
This is a work of fiction. Places and place names are either fictional, or used fictitiously. Any resemblance to persons either living or dead is purely co-incidental.
Smashwords Edition. EPUB ISBN 9781301297861
This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. If you are reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, please purchase your own copy from a retailer. 
Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author. It’s the folk who love books who help writers keep going.
Acknowledgments
Thank you again to my patient and diligent proofreaders Jason and Ahren, and also to my family for their love and support.
Only Skin cover image by deepspacedave courtesy of Shutterstock.
Outermen cover image by Sergey Kamshylin, Automatons cover image by NinaM, Orotund cover image by Alex Malikov, and Visit the House image by Peter Dedeurwaerder all courtesy of Shutterstock.
Only Skin
One
The Man at the Beach
I was the man at the beach. I have a name, and it is not God. It’s Simon.
It was the bright, hot beach of a real patriotic summer, more real than real. A scene etched mercilessly on reality in wavelengths of burning light. And such a promisingly dressed set could not stand empty, of course: where would a production be without its cast?
After a slogging spring the locals had flocked to the shore en masse to warm sluggish blood and cultivate a gift box assortment of cancer along the way. Nobody took precautions on the first day of summer, but they would pay for it. The harsh light ricocheted off suspended salt to stab back, brilliant and blinding. Everything was reflective – well, everything but the people, that was, and the light bounced about frenetically until it found them.
Curved grey glasses, slick designer mirrors, shielded my eyes from both the glare and the crowd. Unless you crack open your skull, the eyes are the only visible part of the brain. They spring from it, perceive for it, and tears are practically the wetness of the nerve cells themselves. Forget the soul. By looking someone in the eye you can see directly into their mind.
Thus, the shades. A modern social necessity, one might say.
Not being part of the herd I kept plenty of sun lotion to hand, although not for protection. Nothing felt so good as massaging its milky chill into my skin. Apply liberally every few hours (or minutes, or seconds). Whenever I catch a whiff of it I always associate the peculiar invasive tang of sunscreen with the beach. With the open coast, the sun, and the chance to scrutinise my own body.
In furtherance of this I wore white jogging shorts, borderline indecent where no man’s land was the width of a hair. Not a scrape, scar or even a freckle to mar the view; I did not need to look up to know the eyes of the entire beach were on me. Men as well as women could not help but look, hungrily eating up the vista of me from head to toe.
In short, the beach-going public gawked shamelessly. But although I luxuriated in their regard, warmed like a sleek hound before a fire, I could not resist a knowing smirk.
Which among the herd seriously thought that they could have me? Who dreamed of pressing themselves against Simon Ballard in the dead of night, fumbling and clutching in their greed to possess? Yeah, fat old chance. Those looks: ranging from the shy glance of a girl just broken her teens, to the leer of what in a better world would be a sober matron; were the closest they would get.
The dear, dear public. Unaware that from behind my curved glass wall I watched, they kindly treated me to a glimpse of that base humanity they try so desperately to hide. From the world, from each other, but so very especially from themselves.
For instance the blond teenette with the covert eyes was now discreetly picking her nose, covering up with the other hand and hoping nobody could see. The dilemma was clear in her face: she knew, just knew she should not be picking in public, but whatever she’d hooked was just too good to let be.
That candy pink nail jittered over the nasal wall like a seismograph needle, always catching slightly on the rim. Gloating and ashamed she pulled it out, inspected (perhaps flicking something away), and then dove in for another try. After only a few minutes of observation I was sure I could take up a pencil and confidently map the entire moonscape of her sinuses.
And the matron. Oh lord, what a woman. She was a rutting sunflower turning irresistibly not only to me, but to the sunshine glow of every passing male. Anything on three legs would do. Every now and again she licked her stubby lips ponderingly and left them shiny and wet. I was reminded of those old fashioned cartoons where the rottweiler sits outside of the butcher’s shop staring in through the window.
I shuddered to imagine what was going on in her head (or any other part of her, for that matter). The matron had donned, in positively charming beige, the frilliest bathing suit on the planet. Its little ruffles, layer upon layer of them, spilled across her copious flesh like collected scum on a pond. She might be some toxic alien sea cucumber, plunked glistening down on the sand.
Salt. That was the other major element of the beach: we had light, and salt. The air was thick with it and not just sea salt, either. The holiday makers sweated away enthusiastically under the sun, transforming themselves, not into pillars, but rather into big fleshy saltlicks. Chubby pink sausages on the grill.
Their sizzling odour tantalised my nostrils even over the sunscreen tang: it was the sort of smell that, once found, lodged firmly in your nasal memory and stayed there forever. You had to wonder why the public came out at all, when they all looked and smelled so unhappy.
I of course never became so hot and horrible. I knew a special place. A cold place. All I needed to do was think of it and wham! The rest of my world became just as cool. With a secret like this I could stare into the sun.
Speaking of that special place, it was getting on time to head home. The beach box shadows had achieved crisp trapezoid perfection, elongated until they almost touched the car park. The sunlight had turned burning orange and lanced in at eye level. It was a shame, but nothing good ever tends to last, not even the most perfect day.
I gathered up my towel, crunchy with sand, and shook out my genitals, also crunchy with sand. It was amazing how those inanimate grains of silica could get up your leg so fast! It was like they made a pact of it: last one to the balls is a rotten egg. In fact, I knew a certain lady who was of remarkably similar temperament, but that was for later. She belonged to an other world than this.
So, to home. Barefoot with my black bag over one shoulder and towel looped casually about my neck, I strolled up the beach. All around me others had had the same idea, but with no cool place to keep in mind they hopped erratically across the hot sand like March hares, lugging this and that back to rusting station wagons on tender feet. When they reached the parking lot’s sticky tarmac, it became a frenzied bee dance of pain.
While I sailed sedately on by.
It was quite a hike back to the seclusion of my hideously overpriced “beach house”. If you stood on the porch and craned, you could sort of catch a whiff of the sea. A more than decent walk through busy air conditioned streets of designer surf shops and ice cream parlours. Out, and through the brief roasted suburbs.
The road gradually became thinner, and traffic petered out. Properties with their rickety fences stepped further and further apart. Finally what I trod was the compacted dustiness of a dirt track, where bulldog ants scurried from my feet in the lee of overhanging trees.
Who can spell “fire hazard”? The vegetation, scrambled scrub for the most part, was shrivelling in the furnace; although admittedly the natives did it with a certain perverse glee as interloping species gasped and died. This unloved space was the locale’s most attractive feature, and it lay all around me. Sapless tree husks sprawled back and back over the horizon into forever. I might not even have neighbours.
The track went languidly nowhere, a drunken fence capping the end; and only one car passed me the entire way down. A white four-wheel-drive oven, roaring over potholes like a mechanised thunder god. Test drive our new off-road model. If you can find the pristine wilderness, we’ll crush it under tread. Dust boiled from beneath the wheel wells. In its wake the ants went crazy.
Refusing to be put out I stood balanced on a tree root until they had returned to such calm as those nasty bloated bugs could get. They ran over each other and everything looking for an enemy to bite, hurling burnished copper bodies about like projectiles on spindly legs. I waited patiently, but as I looked down the path after the car my eyes glittered.
Set far back in a wilderness of scrub, my private castle was the most isolated of them all. For a moat: one long, unbroken wire strand fence. As guards I posted “no trespassing” signs. There was no gate. I would have even gone all out and ringed the lot with wicked barbed wire, if it weren’t for the terror of slicing myself while climbing through. Nothing, not even peace of mind was worth that risk.
Lifting the top wire, I slid between the strands and pulled my bag through. Then, safely home, I paused for an indulgent moment and closed my eyes to listen with pleasure.
The sounds and smell of this place, the rasping cicadas and violently quarrelling birds brought such a sweet smile to my lips because they were mine. Had anybody been watching they would have seen the profound peace a proper home can bring. My public face, that semblance of casual ease, slowly gave ground bit by bit to a pure and true calm. It was in the uncoiling of my shoulders, and the softening of facial planes into repose. On my own territory I reverted to a cleaner, younger face.
Home really is where the heart is. It would have been easy for me to procure a beach house actually near the beach; harder, but not impossible to find one with the privacy I required. They would not have been home, though.
In fact, when I began my search I hadn’t anything in particular in mind at all. Perhaps, as the advertisements say, a personal slice of paradise. You would think with such broad criteria the shopping would be simple, but oh no. The coast was literally drowning in whitewashed rotting shanties, aimed at the retired pirate market. Full of ye olde worlde charm(e), as though tacking "e"s to the write up made a heap of shit anything but.
Gradually, poor soul that I am, I began to despair – and to suspect the real estate agent of stringing me along for more time with her indecent eyes. I came very close to quitting.
But then we came here.
Right away I knew it had to be mine. The smooth amber paint, the smell of the carpet; the very air told me. Down, they sighed. Downstairs.
The estate agent, who had Siamese twinned herself against me up until this point, balked nervously at the head of the stairs. Instead of following she shouted down to me in a voice gone inexplicably tight and high.
‘Admittedly the place is a bit chilly now – hasn’t been occupied for so long, you see. But think how great it would be when summer hits: a nice, cool house to come home to, with a huge cold stone cellar. Um … are you ok down there?’
‘I am,’ I murmured. ‘I most certainly am.’
I emerged from the darkness with features fully animated for the first time in our tiresomely protracted relations. The real estate agent, silly woman, positively glowed under my regard and began to fuss at her hair coquettishly.
‘It’s not about you!’ I told her irritably.
‘Pardon?’
I waved off her confusion. ‘How much for this place?’
She started fumbling nervously through her folio, French polished nails ticking through reports. 
‘On second thought, don’t trouble yourself with negotiation. I’m taking it. Have the paperwork ready tomorrow and I’ll swing by to autograph every sheet.’
‘But don’t you want to ..?’
‘No. I don’t.’ She probably was not allowed to just leave me on the premises, enthused client or no, but I was forcing her back toward the door. ‘Thank you for doing your best to be useful.’
Before she knew it, the real estate agent was out on the porch. I closed the door firmly on her astonished face.
And then, surprising myself, I began to laugh.
From then on, my every free moment has been spent here. Time snatched greedily at weekends; whole weeks during converging public holidays; and that glorious, glorious eternity off work for the big family funeral. You’d be crazy to go anywhere else.
Wandering into the kitchen I drop-slid the bag to a corner and shed my shorts in a pattering shower of sand. Snakeskin tight, they had to be wiggled a bit at a time over my narrow hips, gumming up as they went with an oily sunscreen-beach residue.
I wiped myself down with the shorts, shrugged, and then dropped them in the bin. I’d never get them back to white again anyway. Humming throatily, I continued to the fridge and popped the top off a beer. Delicious: practically singing its way down my throat. The bottle cap spun and clacked on the bench.
Next shelf down beside the tomato juice lay a dented pack of cigarettes, like some forgotten alien vegetable. Sure, I wondered sometimes if it was weird to keep smokes in the fridge. Best to keep an eye out for signs of encroaching kookiness. But for me, that faint worry was offset by the simple pleasure of placing a cooled filter between my lips.
Imported beer and chilled cigarettes. How rather up-market, how very swanky; obviously not a hallmark of this corner of the globe.
Relaxing into a chair I could count one, two, three reflections of myself without moving. Framed masterpieces from various angles. The amount of time taken to position those mirrors just so did not bear thinking about; it’s lucky I’m a determined man. The seat’s four pine legs were bolted securely to the floor to prevent it shifting and ruining my view.
Smoke ghosts in triplicate roiled lazily from the mouths of my naked reflections. Careful to keep the cigarette turned away I pulled idly at my foreskin, then traversed the lightly furred line from chest to navel. Blond hairs glinted with red edges where they caught the light. They followed a road across firm open land, over the smooth hillock rise of muscle. Down across my belly, tracing the cocked cut of my pelvis.
That was when I saw it.
I almost dropped my beer, certainly the cigarette pattered to the linoleum. My free hand clenched convulsively.
That.
Deliberately, with delicate care to prove just how calm and controlled I was, I set the beer down.
Damned.
Handsome features darkened with the same exaggerated control as I snatched up a tube of blemish mask.
Scar!
It was a small spot of scar on my hip. Small, but a point of grotesquery given the immaculate rest. A diseased detail. A bitter memento from the one time in my life that I ever fell sick.
I should have been perfect, truly perfect; and I damn well had been up until then. Perfect was how I had been born, and was the way I was supposed to be. The illness that ruined me for the rest of my life was chicken pox.
For days the body of poor Simon-the-boy, previously so smooth and noble, had become a tormenting prison. It itched, it itched. Only little Simon’s hideous fear of scarring prevented him from scratching, but fear could not stop the stinging wasps in his skin. Big heavy bodied European wasps, burrowing, striking.
And the terrible raw itching went on. Simon would lie outstretched on his bed, rigid with revulsion. He kept the lights out in his room, stayed in the dark so that nobody could see what he had become. He knew, however. He could not hide from himself. And in the end, there was no hiding from his dear loving family either.
Often I ponder that if it had not been for them, would Simon-the-boy have endured his test of illness and emerged triumphant? I like to think so. No, in fact I am sure of it.
Dear, loving supportive family. Whenever doting Mum brought her suffering child soup or ice, Simon’s father was sure to be right there. Skulking behind the door or around the corner like a dirty, jealous seagull. To the boy his father was far less man than monster, an ugly jeering bird monster.
‘Stop coddling the boy!’ the strychnine voice would shriek gleefully if Mum was caught with such offerings. ‘How will he be a man when you keep him as soft as a pretty girl?’
And with Mum driven back downstairs he would strut and sneer, as though somebody had tossed a chip for him to tussle over and foul. ‘Get up boy! Get up and quit being a baby!’ Clucking, preening dirty feathers before settling back to his spiteful vigil outside Simon’s bedroom door.
Simon-the-boy lay tense and still in the dark and gave no answer to any of it. Which came with its own problems.
Have you ever wondered how much liquid the human bladder can hold? As time passes the pressure becomes incredibly painful. Even your kidneys begin to hurt. Your abdomen distends like a tight water balloon.
Little Simon, unwilling to cross his father, had already urinated out the window once, blindly into the night. A steaming stream that jetted out almost horizontally with its force. Not so good from the second story of a street-front building. Before he was even halfway done, rough cut voices began cursing below.
The streetlight down there was smashed, a foetid lane in deepest shadow, but Simon did not need eyes for fearful knowledge. The threats were ground out in the stone voices of trolls: how they would take the soft, most private parts of his body. They would climb up to his window. They were coming now.
There is more than one way for monsters to gobble up children.
Terror squeezed Simon’s urethra off instantly, as effective as a rubber band snapped into place. All that remained was his hot heavy bladder. Whimpering, he slammed the window and returned to bed.
Now that bladder filled the entire cavity of his small body, crowding out organs with a sea of yellow waste. The option to move had expired long ago. The slightest twitch would loose it. I’m not going to go, Simon-the-boy, Simon-on-the-bed thought desperately. I’m not. I’m not.
But with seeping guilt it came, and once begun there was no holding back. The warm flood soaked Simon’s skinny legs and sheet in seconds. The dirty, shameful smell pervaded the room. Leaked under the door.
‘Simon!’
His father flung open the door, face swelling angrily as he located the source of the acidic reek.
‘What the hell now? You foul little …’ The bird monster grabbed the boy to haul him off the bed, and Simon screamed. It was a good old-fashioned horror movie scream from the days of black and white; nobody screamed like that anymore, in such completed, abject misery. Raw enough to bring up blood and tissue along with the sound.
His father, simultaneously sneering and baffled, recoiled head and shoulders from the onslaught but chose persistence as his course of action. So did Simon. At the rough pressure on his chicken pox the boy clung to the cooling sheets and kept on screaming, a gargantuan effort. His face was slowly becoming an airless scarlet zeppelin.
Of course Mum came running in. She screamed, too. Not quite so impressively as her son’s effort but still adding to the general clamour and confusion. She thought that dear old daddy had been doing something bad to Simon. Perhaps something worse than bad. She began shrieking scary little breaths of you you you, that never went anywhere.
All Simon cared about was that Mum was finally there to tenderly nurse the blood nose brought on by all his screaming and yelling, while the police were less tenderly forcing the bird monster out the door.
‘Speak up, boy!’ he yelled. ‘Say what really happened.’
What really happened? Well reality was all about the eye of the beholder, really.
After that, young Simon thought it was finally all over. Just the two of them now. Mum brought him soup, gently wiped his face and whispered in his hot ear how sorry she was. So sorry baby. But she just hadn’t known, how could she have known?
That last was a breaking, melodramatic appeal, ending in wracking tears. It was time for reconciliation. So Simon-the-boy smiled tremulously up at her (just the right amount of lip wobble) and stroked her cheek with his small hand. ‘You couldn’t have known.’
Mum cried openly then, wet tearing sobs that shook the bed, runnels of snot and saline pouring down her face. Simon hugged her.
They had never felt so close.
Ironically, after all the excitement it was not monsters after all, or even ordinary stupid people that undid poor Simon. It was a bottle.
He was light headed, drifting aimlessly with the surges of heat in his body, waiting stoically to get better. But in his sick weakness he fumbled a bottle of calamine lotion and dropped it on his hip. A heavy brown glass bottle. It knocked the head off a spot, creating a crater that stung and filled up and bled. The spot became a scar under Simon’s horrified gaze.
Now it was Mum’s turn to console, when they discovered the blemish would not fade over time. But although she petted and soothed, her brow furrowed over the severity of his screeching hysterics; she worried, and spoke to friends and phoned specialists.
Our Simon was one smart cookie. Even then he knew that his parents had wanted it to happen. His father openly, while Mum desired Simon’s downfall in a secret dirty place she would never admit to. They wanted him to scar, to “get over this phase”. That’s what she said on the phone, a phase. As though Simon was destined come out the other side as drab and ordinary as the rest of them.
They wanted me to become a hideous scarred freak because I was “too vain”!
I knew they despised my beauty solely because they would never have it themselves. All they had left was to tear down, destroy and defile. I could not really blame them for that.
Once the offending mark was obscured I bent and retrieved my cigarette, which was burning its way industriously through the floor. A little sand had to be shaken free. The smoke prodded my lungs with familiar fingers and I tipped my head back, pulling the savour in deeper. A dab of liquid concealer and a long nicotine draw were all it took to successfully re bury my childhood.
The sweating beer returned fondly to my hand like a long lost friend. The beach, hot sunbaking, a beer and a smoke – how could this day possibly get any better? I decided to share it with the one I loved.
Sucking on the mouth of the bottle, probing it idly with my tongue, I threw open the basement door. Iced air raised gooseflesh on my naked skin. ‘Mum?’ I descended to the Cold Room. ‘Mum, I’m home.’
Mum stared at me. Not impolitely; she just could not help it. The air was too dry for ice to form on her lashes but the eyeballs themselves had frozen hard. Mum’s entire body, in fact, was frozen as it slumped in the chair. Mum had been in the Cold Room for a rather long time.
Shockingly, in this day and age, when it all came down I found that stealing a person was a rather easy thing to accomplish. I would have had considerably more trouble stealing a car. And conveniently enough a week after Mum’s disappearance I was called in to identify some anonymous dead lady, despite Elvis showing a closer familial resemblance.
In spite of the whole jail thing my father managed to turn up for the funeral. ‘Simon?’ he said, as though my name held some heavy meaning for him. Just that: ‘Simon?’
I could not believe that this was the great monster. All of his feathers had been pulled.
‘Simon?’
‘What?’
My father just stood there looking helpless and confused. It were as though some force had already hollowed him out and filled the brittle skin with dust and weeds instead. Although not moving, he still appeared to twist limply in the wind. Just waiting to be blown apart.
And I stood before him, so large and strong and sure, while his blasted eyes wandered up and down.
Curious, I waited.
‘The casket was closed,’ was what he said finally, and I turned on my heel in disgust. ‘Did you see her?’ the still-familiar voice cawed after me. ‘Did you see?’
I never saw him again. I didn’t need to. After a few days of hiding her in the Cold Room it was on that same night, the night of the funeral, that I came home to find Mum frozen solid.
Some nights, especially after a winning combination such as peanut butter and beer, I sometimes dream that Mum is only asleep herself. Cold slows things down. It slows down time and slows perception. Mum has simply slowed down so much that I, still part of the warm world, cannot reach her.
In my dream she is pulling herself gradually into a protective ball with all the patience of merging continents. She is only just becoming aware of her surroundings. Time has shivered and died on the motionless air.
Admittedly it is rather Bates of me to keep Mum hidden away down here. But never fear, things are all arranged. I’ve made sure that she has company during the week, when I leave to go to work. It would not do at all for me to leave my Mum alone all the time. She might go a little kooky.
Her companion for the long, tiresome days stood in the opposite corner, with a length of toilet paper tied over his eyes for decency. I met him at a bus stop. I used to use that stop all the time, my regular. Just waiting and watching the reddish sun through my eyelids.
I always knew when it was him approaching. The maddening buzz of his wheelchair alerted me, a sub-audible whine. That, and the irritating wet suck of his breathing. I was so very glad when that stopped.
Once again, easy as pie. I simply followed him off the bus one day. I’m sure that people must get stolen all the time. His wheelchair I buried off in a paddock somewhere; hard work, but enjoyable, what with all the digging and sweating. Although its battery pack has surely run down by now I still like to think of the contraption buzzing away down there in the dark, giving migraines to passing earthworms. It makes me smile.
So much, in fact, that I gave Wheelchair guy something to smile about himself. In the Cold Room he is standing. Admittedly lashed to a pole with electrical cord, but beggars can’t be choosers – standing is standing.
I would never leave Mum alone in the dark. She deserves the very best of care.
‘Well Mum, how was your day?’
I waited a polite (enough) amount of time.
‘Mm. Well mine was fantastic, completely fantastic. I love this place. I don’t know how we ever lived without it.’
There. Preliminaries over, I launched into my evening litany, recited at least once every week with the fervour of a sermon. ‘Seriously, isn’t this better? You won’t have to trouble yourself with voting or cleaning or house bills ever again. I’ll take care of you.’
Smoke roiled from the tip of the cigarette. It and I were the only warm things in the room.
‘Do you approve of my body, Mum?’ I ran both hands sensuously down my sides. The cold had tightened my skin further like a drum, bringing amazing definition. I took the time to look down and enjoy the view.
‘It’s amazing that you managed to produce something like me from your body. I just want you to know that I respect that. I really do.’
Only Skin
Two
Therefore He Exists
No weekend could last forever, not even the most pleasurable; and as the working week commenced it was back to my little mouse hole in the city.
The city. Now there was an amazing place. Like Eskimo and the snow, in accordance with urban myth the city’s residents had a thousand words for the way the sky could reflect in glass: divining warnings of what weather ruled above and beyond the protective enclave of buildings. Should anybody ever bother to look up and notice, one day they might even use those words.
City people were of course above acknowledging such transient beauty. Their discourse was littered with short blacks and transport delays, transactions (not “purchases” – to admit to handling actual currency was terribly crass), and alcohol fortified with more caffeine. The allure of humanity in full social decay.
Unfortunately though, life had its facts. To keep my beach house I had to pay, and that required income. Plenty of it. The sort of revenue that was not to be made in the boondocks.
My train drew near the city just as morning dawned, setting cold blue windows at the tips of skyscrapers ablaze. Thirty-odd stories down, the train rocked and shunted gently. I slid my sunglasses on.
Today the air was quiet enough for the hot air balloons to be up. When on the grass they lay crumpled and mundane, patched circus tents. But today, up there in the morning, in the open sky they were glorious.
Half the flock were amusing marketing shapes, and would spend the better part of the day hovering over high density areas trying to sell land packages and insurance. But for now they floated serenely with their more aesthetic cousins the charters, all of them limned with honey in the dawning light.
By the time I had thrown my bag into the flat, showered and changed it was mid-morning, and just like every Monday I was running late for work. Despite the term, the knowledge did not exactly hurry me along. As I laced my shoes, on cold air through the window came a drawn-out whistling sigh. Trams, running up and down the street. As they passed, bursting at the seams, it were as though the wearied patience of some exhausted creature dragged by.
My flat clung tenaciously to the edge of the central business district, in a building that was merely waiting for the last residents to die or push off. Then it could be bulldozed in favour of a fast food / service station hybrid, because above all what the world needed was more petrol and junk food. Devolution syndrome rolled on. I locked the door behind me.
As I walked (through the valley of the shadow of the death of honest enterprise) to work, no mean distance again, I noted what changes had come in over the weekend. Small, and sometimes large companies were ground down overnight. Their only obituary was the faded paint where signage used to be, the failed dream of some entrepreneur. Then other start-up ventures could possess the vacated site, and the cycle begin all over again. ABNs changed more quickly around here than the pop chart’s top ten.
Only general allotment stayed the same, maintained by some corporate osmotic pressure. There were always the many poor and the few rich, regardless of who they happened to be this week. There was forever litter crowding the drains, with a few syringes and human detritus mixed in for good measure. Gingerbread cafes shivered beneath billboards, their windowsill herbs dying in the shadow, and the status quo would remain for as long as the city endured.
The claustrophobic tail end of rush hour was still on. In the city I drew no less attention than on the beach, but with my clothes in place the observer’s focus moved to other features. My face, primarily, which could have been cast from bronze: smooth and perfect. My high, intelligent forehead over-tumbled by locks of rich honey brown hair. Hair possessed of a natural glowing sheen, at odds with the pricey oil slick prized by city men.
Distinctive cheekbones there, and a bold jaw without which my face might have been merely pretty. With them, it lacked anything effeminate to deserve such a label. Plenty of girlish men smirked up from magazine covers everywhere but frankly, I could not see the charm. Feminism had a lot to answer for.
My protective sunglasses perched on a classical straight nose. No heavy ridge or porcine tip like so many others were cursed with. My eyes themselves, never revealed for what they might say, were a deep unvaried walnut.
Sometimes, only occasionally such as when I might find myself alone in a washroom, I stare into those eyes in a mirror. If nobody comes in to break the spell, hours might pass. Eventually the depths of my orbs open up revealing such thoughts as the common herd will never see. Swimming slowly in the dark like strange, deep water monsters.
A person walking in the city endures a bombardment of humanity over the course of a day. After much practice, it takes mere seconds to assess, categorize, and then dismiss them all on sight; and it was thus that the people on the street glanced at me once. The same disinterested, dull-eyed look given to all faces.
Then their drifting eyes were pulled back sharply for that forever immortalised second look. A lack of beauty gave them a severe hunger for it. They perused my face greedily, starving. Then with a start, they realised that they were staring at the handsome man walking toward them.
How embarrassing. My eyes were invisible so they became covert, disconcerted. Had I noticed? Did Simon Ballard notice their stare, their boldness; and what did I make of it? Might I be flattered? Was it possible, at all possible that I was looking back?
It excited them to think so. In imagination they could feel my eyes burning into them, I could literally see the effects. Their cheeks flushed, suffering heated brows, staggered breathing and tightened stomachs. In walking through a crowd I produced all the symptoms of a hyper-fever, burning itself out in seconds.
Then of course I walked smoothly on by without so much as turning my head. And they, crushed, realised that I had not even registered their existence. Some days I felt like Moses as the crowd parted regretfully before me, but surely Moses did not go so admired by his peers. It was enough to keep me suitably entertained up to my place of employment.
Ah, work. I “worked”, if that was the term, in a blocky building with an ornate marble front that fooled nobody, including the clients. Our proud national flag drooped limply over the doorway.
The edifice stood as monument to the ego of some obscenely wealthy businessman; real wealth, in this country of all places! I had never seen the man himself, only heard Celia speak of him. Her doting daddy never showed his face here. He merely built this marble based glass tower to install his daughter; to keep her pristine, occupied and hopefully quiet.
As the lobby door slid officiously open I caught a snatch of my reflection strolling confidently, teeth as white as my casual shirt. Watch out boss. Here I come. So far as screenings went my job interview had been short and anything but sweet. All it took for Celia to outline her selection criteria was a seductive hand on the cheek, and it was not the cheek of my face, either.
She would be up there in her office right now, the aerie of that great tower. Waiting with a particularly repulsive form of impatience she has never had to hide. Daddy’s girl in her power suits and heels sharp enough to strike sparks from the tiles, why should she? One snap of those manicured fingers and the whole staff would be out of a job. The tower was her microcosm, a misrepresentation of the universe, an entire world ready and eager to tongue her boots.
The inner door, also glass, admitted me silently. Another detail regarding Celia was her vertical impairment. On one wondrous occasion I happened to arrive at work early, lord knows why, just in time to see my boss caught in the airlock between the two doors. The outer had slid closed before the inner door could open, and she was too petite to trip either sensor in the confined space.
What a perfect killing jar for teeny weenie people. It was damned lucky Celia did not glance behind because I stood outside and laughed until my anus felt the size of a pinhole. She hopped and jumped awkwardly in heels, screaming abuse and waving her arms at the sensors. Eventually a cringing guard from inside noticed and let her in.
Sadly there was nothing so hilarious today. I entered the building, and accomplished perhaps four strides (a new record!) across the polished lobby before an officious voice called, ‘Sir?’
I turned, pulling my lips into a bland-as-tofu smile. Having always made a point of not learning this plebeian’s name, I now looked pointedly everywhere but at his name tag. Above the timber veneer reception desk and the fellow’s head a ridiculously huge canvas dominated the lobby, splashed with great gouts of chemistry set yellow and Mediterranean blue. Celia told me once it was supposed to be an angel.
I suffered the misfortune of the front desk guy’s attentions upon every entry to and exit from the building these days: every time, every single time, he called me over to check the validity of my ID.
We had established the grounds for this little ritual on day one, my “job interview” day, when I ignored the man’s almost absent-minded greeting and strode loftily past him. He was the front desk guy – who talks to the front desk guy for chrissake? Ditto for day two, and so on after that.
Bright spark, he got the message eventually. Greetings petered out, became scowls which I could ignore with comparative ease. But now he had taken to calling me over, smiling hatefully through that greasy little moustache. Morning and evening before I could pass we stood to either side of the desk beneath the angel’s stare and smiled broadly at each other, my platinum teeth pitted against the dandelion yellow of his.
By the time I had fished my ID card from my back pocket (casually: it was vital to appear unconcerned) that rabbity smile of his was starting to twitch around the edges. Greasy obviously did not find much to smile about in day-to-day life, as his facial muscles were not quite up to it.
Identification scanned, he handed it back. I oriented my face slightly toward Greasy all the way to the lift. With the sunglasses he could not tell for sure if I were still watching or not, forcing him to hang onto a smile that was rapidly becoming desperate. Caffeine-tainted sweat burst out around Greasy’s temples but, trooper as he was, when I broadened my smile he returned a little wave.
One day Greasy’s smile was sure to literally rupture under the strain. I could only hope to be around to see it. The lift doors closed on his grimace of effort, and I was carried skyward.
My department was on the penthouse floor. I laid claim to a small cubicle in a world of art deco and flavourless business suits. There were roughly twenty worker-ants to this level, who might well have evolved here where even the ducted air was dry, cool and sterile. That was, in fact, the best moniker for this building: sterile.
The corporation’s babies were born elsewhere, in fieldwork, oil rigs, and all the other dynamic assignments. Here paper was shuffled from hand to hand, adrift in a lethargic system with no purpose or future (beyond sustaining itself). I alone came in on Mondays smelling of fresh heat and beach and wind.
The lift doors opened and with a quiet ping ushered me out into light. The exterior wall of the penthouse level was constructed entirely of windows. Beyond the glass the immense gentle curve of a hot air balloon was drifting slowly by the building like a passing air whale. It looked almost like you could reach out and touch it, step onto its buoyant surface and be carried away.
This was where Celia’s power was most concentrated: her lair. Her private office occupied fully half the level and was sadistically walled in by one-way tinted glass, floor to ceiling. A violently anachronistic black cyberpunk cube set down in the bland office environs.
There was nowhere you could go without the paranoia of the boss watching from inside her dark gemstone office. The workers scurried about like guilty criminals, cowed and prematurely bent. I entertained a private fantasy of them banding together one day to sue Celia for gross psychological damage and expensive chiropractic fees, a joint lawsuit that would bring her tower tumbling down.
Alas, it was merely a dream. Not one of them possessed the balls to so much as ask the boss for the time of day. I was the only one comfortable enough to bring lunch back to my desk. Of course, I was far more used to being looked at. From experience I knew damn well when Celia was and was not watching.
She was certainly watching now. Waiting for me. Well, it would do her good to stew in her own juices (eew) for a bit. As carefully as I had oriented toward Greasy, I now even more painstakingly refused to notice Celia’s black mirror or acknowledge the greedy face lurking behind it.
Instead, I sat down at my cubicle. Brush a button and my computer hummed into life, and opened its vast glowing eye. That was the funny thing about technology these days. The actual brains of machines kept visually shrinking while phallocentric bits such as the screen and speakers got bigger and bigger. If you looked hard enough this techno porn evolution was everywhere: appliances, customer service, even breakfast cereal. All the pretty bits, like secondary sexual characteristics, magnifying indefinitely while the brains hid themselves away.
The company had lavished many thousands on electronic marvels like this one before me. It could communicate wirelessly with any device in its range, network real time video conferencing between any points on the globe, upgrade itself from the net – and what did the staff use it for? Word processing, and the occasional download of lacklustre free porn.
No job files greeted me. The staff knew better than to send actual work to this terminal, but an unread message sat in my inbox. The subject was: SIMON. I opened it.
I KNOW YOU.
No explanation, and the sender was not anywhere in the building. It was the work of my pet kook: a mystery emailer who got their rocks off on cryptic messages.
I beg your pardon?
I sent the query and they must have been slavering away at their keyboard because I got my answer seconds later.
I KNOW YOU. I HAVE SEEN YOU AT
THE BEACH.
Really? How nice for you.
I WATCH.
How did you get this address?
No answer.
What on earth did I care about being watched? People watched me all of the time, hundreds of them. I printed the emails off onto sheets of clean white paper (how lonely they looked at my Spartan desk) and filed them in a drawer with the others. The kook was just one more dreg of humanity wanting what they could not have.
The intercom on my desk crackled into electronic voice. Shaped like a pepper pot, it both looked and sounded like a miniature science fiction robot ready to invade.
‘Simon. I’d like to see you in my office.’
I thought somebody sniggered in an adjacent cubicle. Ha; go ahead and smirk. You’ll be dealing with the untouched work I leave behind. Paper was periodically put down on my desk and picked up again to maintain the illusion of employment.
My reflection glowed smugly in Celia’s office’s jet glass door, and swung aside as I opened it.
If anybody employed a decorating style dubbed pretentious, Celia was it; and that would entail using the term “style” loosely. She was compulsive with it. Every now and again she shifted furniture about, re-carpeted in yet another deep plush and hung some new authentic(ally bad) art. Looks like this was another of those weekends.
New couches in creaking black leather. An antique desk in the far corner, implying toil (which was a joke), and a gilt-framed oil of a nude so pasty that she hung luminous on the far wall. Even the essential liquor cabinet had been treated to a new coat of lacquer for the occasion. Celia’s sole maternal inheritance, according to my understanding.
The halogens were down. I had never seen them turned fully up. A little sunlight managed to slip through closed Venetian blinds. Everything was very quiet within the soundproof cube, and motes of dust rained down softly in the dimness. I was rendered effectively blind behind my sunglasses. But if Celia planned for my discomfort she was very much mistaken. Already my eyes had begun to adjust, making out the finer detail around me.
‘Simon’
How many schoolgirl years did Celia spend cultivating that throaty caramel voice? A tiny hand reached around and removed my sunglasses.
She had been standing behind the door. Good in theory, but had I opened it with any force she would have regretted being sneaky. Celia had my glasses in hand, but I could hardly get angry at being exposed by her. She had yet to look out of her own conceit before she could possibly see anybody else ‘Hello Celia.’
My boss strutted forward, rather pigeon-like, and brushed full bodied past me before draping herself over a couch. The groan of shifting leather was loud in the quiet.
Red. She wore a suit as usual, and so fitted that her tailor must have needed some nice cold showers afterward. I forbore to mention how it created less than flattering bulges when reclining; the result would likely have been the tailor’s head.
‘Do you like the decorations I’ve put up?’ She made it sound like a party.
‘It’s nice.’ I slipped into the timid employee persona that she liked so much. ‘It’s very, um … Powerful.’
Celia almost purred. ‘Really? Powerful?’ Eyes smiled in a face that no mortal had seen without makeup since menarche. If she owned a tail it would be lashing. ‘Just what do you find so powerful about it?’
The way I wiped my hands on my pants was quite masterful. Celia’s self-contented smirk widened and I put my hands behind my back; whoops, silly nervous me, caught out. ‘I…’
‘Just come over here and sit down. I’m not going to bite. You would not believe the day I’ve had so far Simon, you simply wouldn’t believe it. So this morning I turn up, and nobody has brought in any milk! You know what I shell out for wages, out of generosity, I might add. They’d work for a handful of corn and a shiny dollar at Christmas if I told them to. Am I really expected to handle office supplies now?’
She threw her hair back dramatically. ‘I’ve actually been forced into drinking my coffee black, which you know I hate. There’s no trusting anything that’s sat in the staff fridge all weekend.’ A meaningful smoulder. ‘And I refuse to drink any creamy white liquid that isn’t fresh.’
I had a sudden flash of Celia milking me into a coffee cup, delicate porcelain and all, and nearly combusted trying to keep my reaction in. Obscene, lustful woman.
There is this old myth that Celia has always reminded me of. This young woman, all unknowing, shacks up with a deity in disguise. When he is finally caught out he promises to grant her one request, anything she wishes as recompense for the deception. She, silly thing, wishes to see her lover in his full divine glory, and is promptly incinerated by the sight.
Celia was toying with my earlobe now. Teasing the delicate flesh droplet initially with fingertips, then with her tongue. It sent shivers down my spine all right; although the sensation of rampaging slugs was likely not the one she was shooting for. ‘Why are you being so coy, Simon?’ As Celia leaned close a frenetic, eager heat radiated from her. ‘Aren’t I powerful enough for you?’
‘Ah, Celia, you have no idea. Really you don’t.’
‘Then why hold back from something that feels so good?’ Her breath went crawling along my deck. ‘So natural.’
It was simplicity itself to arouse my boss. Unfortunately I saw nothing in fleshy Celia to stir me in turn at all in turn. Understandably during the job interview this had caused me some concern:  Celia knew what she wanted, and it had to be ready to tango.
However, as she had cosied up to me (knocking a tin of pencils rattling incongruously off the desk onto the floor) I had heard a whisper. Cold, chillingly cold. It seemed to emanate from right inside my head.
Close your eyes.
Trusting, I closed them.
‘Solomon?’ It was three weeks until Celia began getting my name right. Her voice seemed very thick and far away.
The moment my eyes had closed an image sprang up, as though a projector had started playing inside my skull. The resolution was grainy, overexposed and sensuously white like a secretly shot snuff film. In it, I saw myself in the Cold Room.
I was naked. Standing blissfully with arms outstretched while the Cold Room’s vapour flowed over my skin in light caresses. There was the vaguest of murmurs at the edge of hearing. I thought I might be humming.
I saw my own face truly as an observer for the first time and was suddenly hard against the rough material of my jeans. It was not at all like those few times during puberty when I had woken half erect – this was true arousal, almost painful. Celia contentedly caressed the rise of flesh.
Much as she was doing now. She chuckled against my neck, questing fingers finding enough of a handful even for her. Celia would never know how I could only open my eyes to her face without emotion, slide into her without revulsion, while holding the Cold Room in my mind.
Crumpled crimson pulled away reluctantly from damp skin. ‘Look what I’ve got,’ she whispered moistly, producing a condom from beneath her bra strap. Today’s flavour was Choc Funk. Who was in charge of marketing these things? Celia’s flesh was scratched and red where the packet had scraped.
I began to unbuckle my belt but she covered my hands. ‘Let me.’ It was all so sad. Sad, the way Celia groaned like a rutting beast, pulling me into her.
Then afterwards as I was retrieving my clothes I experienced a flush.
Flushes, my cold flushes. The temperature of the room plunged. I shivered pleasantly and watched the sweat on my boss’ bared breasts harden into ice, like a light sugar dusting. The flushes began shortly after I moved into the beach house. Nobody else ever seemed to notice anything unusual was happening.
Celia changed colour as I watched, from white through to a frostbitten purple. Her eyes stiffened mournfully in their sockets. Her never-quiet lips sealed blessedly shut behind a milky film. I smiled. She was far more appealing as an inanimate statue.
Sadly, all too soon the frost ran away. The cold flush ended and, typically, Celia began yammering again. My wasted semen seeped from its discarded (Choc Funk!) packaging into the carpet at our feet.
Another message from the kook was waiting in my inbox when I clocked out for the night.
WE SHOULD MEET, JUICY YOUNG MAN.
Oh sure. And Satan will be skating to work. By the way, haven’t you ever heard of lowercase?
This was how I spent my week. Come Friday, when I boarded the train I was desperate for the chance to just fold over and sleep, to retreat for a while. Stretching both legs territorially across the seats opposite I settled in.
I enjoy public trains. Time does not pass on a train at all; they are the ultimate in sealed environments. Some scraps of moment might slip in through the doors but, cut off from the temporal flow, they quickly stutter and die. That is why there are never any clocks hung in train cars.
The interior of this carriage was a wild territory, marked and staked out in adolescent human spoor. Grey chewing gum clung to corners and seats like massive dead warts. A series of indecipherable squiggles tagged the walls and a lone newspaper lay face down on the floor. It all looked so contrived, a set dresser’s vision of how a train ought to be. Somebody might have spent hours setting it up. I was determined to discover one day why there was a newspaper abandoned on every train I caught. Crumpled and forlorn like lost children.
As the doors gasped shut I un-strapped my wristwatch and put it away in my pocket. Safer that way. It was dangerous to look at on a train. The second hand raced around in a barely noticeable blur but the minute hand crept about the face. The hour hand barely moved at all. It merely sat still, pulsing like a heartbeat. I would have to stare for a long time to spot the progress of the hour hand. Stare until my eyes burned and my head emptied of blood.
The train lurched and clattered, building up speed. Carriages bought cheaply second hand, on another country’s charity. We slid into the night as it lay heavy on the outer suburbs, dark drawing like a solid blind down the window. The world became void. The stations were mere floating islands of light.
I put my palm on the glass next to my head, fingers splayed. With the windows facing each other the reflection held many images, realities imposed one atop the other. My doubles sat in a procession of identical carriages. No – not exactly doubles. These doppelgangers were no golden vision: they were hard and cold. Their fey hair and eyes glittered, unnaturally dark, and they looked very small. Pale figures adrift in a starless sky.
I was the real Simon. When I took my hand away the copies had to reluctantly do so, too. While I lived in the world of warmth and light they were doomed to their own lost company. There seemed to be a warning in their unhappy eyes, some sort of foreboding.
I turned away, shivered. Enough of this. The train had arrived, and I was safely away from the city. Almost home.
Alighting, I was always struck by the comparison between the immense edifice I had departed from in the city and the humble platform that received me. There was nobody about, not at this hour. I vaulted over the turnstile.
Behind me the train rested on its tracks, waiting to return up the line. Its insides were lit up harshly like a beacon. A metal worm of light.
Only Skin
Three
The Cold Room
Few things quiet the soul better than walking at night. The light exercise helped flush the city from my system, expelling pollutants through my lungs and pores. At the same time my senses, dulled by concrete and conformity, were becoming preternaturally alert, teased awake by the dark. Like an animal I sampled the chemical makeup of each mote of dust, and categorized the wavelength of every tiny scratching sound.
I took off my shoes and slung them comfortably around my neck by the laces. My bare feet easily found the best places to step. Even the nocturnal spiders scarcely noticed me as I ghosted among the trees. I noticed them. I numbered every one of them, in their spun webs and trapdoors and matted clots of silk. I could practically hear the whisper as one strand was bound to another.
When I lifted the wire around my property to climb through, it was that listening silence alone that saved me. I walked straight into a campsite set up on my land.
The intruder had her back to me; even so, I almost got myself caught by freezing to the spot in outrage. In my home! How dare she!
My fists clenched, the tension rocketing right up my forearms to the shoulder. Incredibly, they also shook with a tremor. How long had she been here? How much had she seen?
No. No, if she had been up at the house then surely she would not be camping here so calmly like a literal babe in the woods. Would she?
I did not even realise I was advancing until the intruder straightened and began to turn around. I had been standing at the fence, but now suddenly I was at her back with fingers clawing out rigid like great horn talons. She was turning around!
Sizzling adrenaline flooded me and I slipped backwards silently, silently and always in control. As her peripheral vision came about the scrub was already closing protectively around me. Immediately that was where I stopped, my only motion to rub both palms together roughly between my thighs as though to pacify their violent impulse, to turn them back into hands.
White light ravaged the night. The intruder had flicked on a torch of the calibre only employed in detective serials; it could slice a satellite out of orbit. In this situation it only served to destroy what little night vision she had. She stood as motionless as I, unsure whether she had seen anything.
Surely her subconscious had caught something. Some warning to spook her animal instincts. The body always knew danger. Now it was up to her forebrain to gloss over that warning. I stayed where I was; the tint of my skin was the barky shade of trees and dried leaves. I could be a native part of the bush.
Despite the urgent need to keep still, as I stared at the girl I slowly began to shake. Little tremors, almost imperceptible disturbances ran across my body the way small frantic insects traversed the surface tension of water. My lips drew back in a snarl. My home! How dare she!
The intruder had brought her ugliness here, standing uncertainly with her head on one side. She was waiting, almost on standby while reason spun deceptions of safety. Her pallid, sickly colouration glimmered by torchlight. No active pimples but nonetheless that watery milk complexion was bad, pores enlarged grotesquely. The spirit of violent acne past.
A bruised darkness in and around her suspiciously peering eyes made the sockets seem nothing but empty black holes. I had to wait until she shifted for the light to catch her orbs of vision and confirm my assumption. Nothing special. Weak, heavily lidded and blue by default, as they had no other particular colour to be.
Between them sat a sharp protruding nose, so pointed that it might well puncture the night air. Her oily skin shone. Whether thinking or not, the intruder’s expression seemed that of a soft useless creature, one suddenly thrust into a hard life. An existence where she was too stoically dumb to just give in and quit. In combination with that nose, it gave her a particular resemblance to a tired and brainless sparrow. Unkempt, dirty brown hair coiled like lambs wool about her face and shoulders.
‘Muttonbird,’ I silently christened that blank and gormless blue stare, my lips shaping the world, blowing it to her on a puff of air like a kiss.
Something would have to be done about Muttonbird. She was in my home.
The process of self assurance was complete, Muttonbird turned back to her bargain basement tent. She was safe out here: obviously it had been an animal, a bunyip, her imagination.
Quietly, very quietly I wormed my way back to a safe distance, and then hurried around her campsite to my beach house.
Mutton-bird, Mutton-bird. My heart beat a nervous two syllable tom-tom. Unwilling to risk any light I groped my way indoors, flinching as the key grated in the lock. The metal on metal sounded so loud! I was so keyed up that I almost giggled at my own nerves, my exaggerated sneaking steps.
Indoors the dark was close and immediate, smothering some senses while exquisitely enhancing others. The two most intimate sensations were my breath, gasping in and out, and the touch of the wall that I navigated by. Under my sensitised fingertips minor plaster variations became mountains, canyons. In steering by them I traversed the topography of some great map in miniature.
Tonight the walls of the Cold Room radiated a faint luminescence. I could feel more than see the change in light quality as I came down the stairs; instead of shedding illumination the glow clung jealously to the walls, keeping all enlightenment to itself.
My heart stuttered and kicked; stepping over the threshold was like falling into freezing water. The atmosphere itself was electrically alive. I could feel the air charging me like a battery until I swelled huge and turgid. My hair lifted, first on my arms, then the little curling strands all over my body. My skin was clenched in a stranglehold about the base of each follicle. Static crackled like a secret communiqué between the strands.
I could feel Mum’s gaze on me. Of course she could see my distress. Not understanding what was happening, Wheelchair guy stared into the muffling dark of his toilet paper blindfold. Hobbling his gaze was a comfort to me while away in the city; I had no wish to spend all day agonising about his nasty sinful eyes boring into Mum. My Mum was a good woman. A chaste woman. Possibly the only one left.
‘Hello Mum, how was your day?’
I waited one second, two, three, and then could not hold it in any longer. ‘We’ve got a bit of a problem. There’s somebody out there: a stranger, a girl. No, not my girl! She came on her own. We have to do something.’
Mutton-bird, Mutton-bird, went my heart.
‘She ought to be made sorry! But what can be done with her?’
The Cold Room’s air hissed and bubbled on my skin. I followed the chain of thought down blindly, like a diver tracing a night water line. ‘What is Muttonbird good for, Mum?’
Mum did not answer. Wheelchair guy strained against his blindfold to see.
‘You stay out of it!’ I snapped at him. ‘I swear, what we really need is somebody to put you in your place!’
Ah, something sighed.
My breath streamed from me as I realised the simplicity of it. ‘What we need, Mum, is a chaperone.’
In response the temperature of the Cold Room plummeted and I stretched in the delicious cold, delighted with the idea. ‘A chaperone for you! It’s all ok, I wouldn’t bother feeling sorry for her. Ugliest little thing you’ve ever seen. Nobody could feel sorry for that. Trust me, Mum. There really isn’t any such thing as too much trouble where you’re concerned.’
I smiled glowingly at her, before wheeling (ha ha) to stab a finger at Wheelchair guy. ‘And you will finally learn to keep a decent expression on your face!’
A rag and a cocktail of industrial strength cleaners and insecticide did the trick. The warnings on those cans really don’t kid around. I needed gardening gloves just to avoid searing my hands. The rest of my clothing I took off. There was a sort of ritual to this stealing of people, a solemn affair, and in deference I wanted to go into it with all that I was fully bared. Nervous lighting jazzed up and down my body.
Muttonbird had extinguished her light, making her camp just that much harder to find. In fact I heard her long before I sighted the tent. The girl had to be nursing either a broken septum, or some kind of serious flu to produce a snore like that. Even the local cicadas stopped to listen in awe.
I eased the tent zipper down very, very gently. The teeth went tick tick tick, but her snores continued unabated. Behind the first zipper lay another, and another. This tent was ridiculous: a zip fetishist’s wet dream. Finally I peeled back the layers and was able to lean into the tiny space.
The interior stank, stuffed with her gym sock personal scent like a sour den. Cocooned in a red sleeping bag despite the heat, Muttonbird lay huddled on her side with her arms about her knees. Sweat blackened the hair at her temples. The unhappy contour of her sleeping mouth drew down.
Bad dreams? Well, never mind. I was here to relieve her of all that. I gently pressed the reeking rag over her nose and mouth and, accepting it, Muttonbird never even stirred.
It was the very same cloth that I had used to such success on Wheelchair guy – only he, wide awake, had not been nearly so compliant. It had been difficult to keep the rag firmly on his face with his arms flailing everywhere, and the struggle had made me queasy. But I persevered. It’s the sort of guy I am.
Now, I felt a grateful tenderness at how easily Muttonbird gave up her life, sparing me all that. She simply lay asleep with her head cushioned on her backpack and breathed. The soft inhalations cycled the fumes through her system until eventually, that system failed.
The penury of Muttonbird’s tent was destined for a bonfire, as was her pack. I stowed both under the porch for now, until a fire-ban free day came around. Then came the problem of moving her.
It proved near impossible to manhandle Muttonbird’s limp weight into the house. She seemed to lean wilfully this way then that, but always the wrong way; I dropped her three times. The last was right at the front door, with her woolly hair full of twigs and limbs caught awkwardly beneath her torso.
‘Fine! I’ll just have to drag you then.’
Down in the Cold Room I opened up a couple of card tables and laid Muttonbird out on them. The lights were no danger now and I switched all of them on for a good look at what I had caught.
Brown jeans. White t-shirt, mottled with red now: she had bled from the nose and mouth, probably something haemorrhaging in there. To my ever-loving disgust I found that she had bled all over me, too.
That tender feeling was evaporating rapidly. And from prior experience I knew the ordeal was not over yet – there was one last repugnant detail to be cleaned up. The condemned’s last meal, released along with everything else. Lucky she was wearing her brown trousers.
Unbuttoning Muttonbird’s jeans, I noted with distaste that her short nails were painted a chipped metallic blue. How ladylike. Although I tugged, the jeans would not roll down. Something was caught in the hip pocket.
‘What’s this?’
She was in no condition to answer so I pulled the little notebook out myself. In the same moment a blue nailed hand grabbed my wrist!
‘Gaah!’ With a shout Muttonbird sat up as though electrocuted! Suddenly and shockingly vital, she gagged into my face. Her eyes rolled close to mine in their beds of darkness, limbs jittering in a fit.
I screamed in panic and tried to jerk away but she would not let go.
‘Gaah!’ Whatever Muttonbird was trying to say burbled wetly in ruined lungs. Those crazed, popping eyes came to centre on me. Somewhere inside the stricken mess that had once been a girl, a coherent core registered me as her tormentor.
Her mouth worked laxly. Her other hand snapped up and around mine like a trap, imprisoning my fingers against the book’s cover. ‘Sss,’ she managed, spitting blood and phlegm into my face.
‘Get off me!’ I shrieked back. Hell she was strong! Muttonbird’s face came closer to mine, bloody lips smearing my nose. She was trying to bite. I cried out at the crushing pain in my hands.
And then the girl slumped against me, the vestiges of life exhausted. A table leg collapsed and spilled her dead, dead weight to the floor.
My hands remaining clenched in her grasp, I half-fell with her. Her arms jutted up toward me. After a few seconds of shock I began to gasp hysterically, although it was not quite over yet. I still had to prise myself free.
As I folded back her fingers my skin crawled at the contact. Once liberated, I skittered back across the floor on my tailbone until I came up against a wall.
‘Sweet fancy crap!’ My balls were trying to climb into my stomach and hide. The girl, her pants an undignified half-mast on her hips, did not move. I tried again just to be sure. ‘Crap!’
Dead. Actually dead this time, not merely pretending.
I had to finish the job. I had to move her. I could not leave Mum’s new companion to freeze to the floor with her derrière hanging out, all covered with blood and shit. I did not want to touch her.
Nevertheless, I re-stood the table and gingerly laid Muttonbird back out, cringing at the oily touch of her skin. There was no hint of what she had just been; she lay cool and still, like an innocent sky. I might well have imagined it.
When finished, and desperate to shower her touch away, I removed Wheelchair guy’s blindfold and used it to wipe my hands.
‘Well I guess I’ll, uh, leave you three to get acquainted.’
My muscles fluttered hysterically, as though I had run a marathon. It was all I could manage to keep from bolting upstairs. That was horrible! Steps would have to be taken to ensure such an intrusion never ever happened again.
Only Skin
Four
Man’s Friend
The dog pound was a tumult of canine sound and smell, all mixed up with the sight and taint of bare wire cages. As the owner, or whatever he was, escorted me around I inhaled deeply to try and catch the lot of it at once. This was obviously an establishment au fait with operating at absolute bare minimum. The floors were concrete, for that easy to hose down feel. The air was hot and stifling.
The owner paraded me proudly past cage after cage. These were the pooches that they kept for families, from families. Small and floofy for the kids to play with, and not too hard for dad to walk once Billy and Suzie tired of obligation and went back to their video games. I completed the tour with barely concealed impatience.
The owner seemed genuinely disappointed. ‘Can I ask what sort of dog you’re looking for? I know every animal here.’ He smiled a little cheesily. ‘There’s a best friend waiting for everyone.’
‘Where’s death row?’
‘I beg your pardon?’
‘You know; the beasts not likely to find a home. I’m after a guard dog, not a pet. Something nasty-minded.’
The owner’s lips pressed tight. ‘I hope you realise it’s illegal for us to release dangerous animals. However we have some large, rather boisterous dogs that are struggling to find placement.’
Full of prissy disapproval, he unlocked a two foot thick metal door at the end of the hall. Pitted and pocked like the face of the moon, it might have been salvaged from some ancient submarine, directly from the ocean floor.
When we entered the walkway beyond such a barking started up as might have rivalled Cerberus himself. Baying from dozens of open red mouths the alarm echoed off the impassive low whitewashed ceiling, rebounding inanely back on itself until the whole universe rang with it.
Fluorescent tubes flickered on overhead and, yes, there at the end of the walk was the soot streaked mouth of the oven. It probably had a more technical and sanitised name, but was undeniably just a great big oven.
These were all larger breeds than those out front. Simple beasts they may be, but each whiskered face betrayed a glimmer of dread: they knew where they were. They knew where that blackened portal led, cold and rusty now but patiently awaiting the time when it would glow cherry hot. Humanity had, in the name of consumerism, simply bred too many of them. Their destiny was to end up in its belly of coals. Making them wait was a civilised cruelty.
In the dim light a few hairy bodies hit the chain link fence in their desperation, violently enough to rattle it floor to ceiling. This was dog hell.
They were, the owner explained, sorted into two categories. On the left were animals whose time had simply run out. Big dogs were too much trouble for most people, they ate like horses and so on. These did not interest me at all. But to the right were the dangerous dogs. Breeds sentenced to extinction for crimes against humanity, ironically often the very crimes humanity had them bred for.
A potential few of these caught my attention. One in particular charged the fence again and again, snarling and crying in a demented effort to get at me. Reminded me of that kid, there’s one in every school, the one that none of the others will play with. The kid to be avoided for his equal tendencies to bite, shriek, or masturbate leeringly, with no provocation.
Impressed, I would have declared this dog my winner were it not for the last inmate of the row. Next to her crazed neighbour, she was so quiet that I almost overlooked her completely. A stray movement was all that drew me to the cage front.
Huddled back near the cinderblock wall, two lantern eyes glowed sullenly. There could be no mistaking her for anything but a she. Her belly bulged, festooned with drooping nipples. A baker’s dozen in the oven.
I curled my fingers through the fence. ‘Who’s been a naughty girl, then?’
You could swear she rolled her eyes before heaving herself up and trotting forward a few mincing steps. Burning fluorescence spared no detail: this dog was criminally hideous. Her large, flat head wore a singularly mismatched pointy muzzle. That thick brutish body stood perched precariously on the long graceful legs of a greyhound, so that she moved permanently en point like an obese ballerina. Her tiny stump of a tail stood straight up, appeared to have been amputated. A coat like a mousy hessian sack capped it all off.
‘Excuse me.’ The owner was at my shoulder, hands flickering excitedly. ‘You really don’t want this one. Used to be a family dog, but then she bit the little girl and practically pulled the poor mite’s arm off. I saw the scars in the paper – terrible, terrible. And the dog had been perfectly friendly up until then. She’s the worst sort; totally unpredictable, and she’ll pup in the next few days. You’ll be stuck with a whole litter of monsters.’
‘I can see that for myself. Nonetheless, she’s my girl.’
‘But please, I really can’t give her to you! The council’s ordered that she be destroyed and everyone knows about the poor little girl. I could lose my …’
He missed his chance to finish that sentence, as I turned the full impact of my smile on him. Devastatingly effective. This was the smile reserved for just such impedances, and from the way the owner flushed I gathered that up until now he had batted strictly hetero all his life. Likely a touch of banjo playing red-blooded homophobia there, too.
I took off my sunglasses and smiled on, broadly. His type were the easiest to exploit; catch them out with no defences or experience to fall back on. Compounding the issue, pheromone cues were beginning their work on him. My pores opened, releasing a waxy enticing odour. Olfaction is one of our oldest and most directly hardwired senses, with a mainline into the subconscious. Quite frankly the owner never stood a chance.
‘But …’
The man’s protest was so feeble that I relented and pulled out my wallet, tipping the indecision. Let the owner wake up and tell himself tomorrow that he handed the Bitch over in deference to the mighty dollar; who wouldn’t be tempted? It would make him feel better, by daylight at least. But he would remember his motivation more honestly in the sticky warmth of the night.
‘Would you mind putting a rope on her for me?’ The owner nodded eagerly, breathing hard. I put my sunglasses back on.
The Bitch growled softly as the door to her pen creaked open and the stub of her tail wagged once. The owner was not taking any chances. He had fished down from the wall a contraption with a suspiciously home-grown look to it: a stout pole wrapped in gaffer tape. The wire loop at the end he deftly slipped over the Bitch’s head to keep her at arm’s length should she try anything.
This was old hat: the Bitch did not deign to snarl and thrash around at the end of the snare as expected. She pointedly ignored both the owner and his silly rope, and instead grinned hugely at me. A purplish tongue lolled expansively from the corner of her mouth.
‘It’s tied in a slipknot,’ the owner explained, leading her out. ‘Pull the rope and it’ll get tighter. Are you sure ..?’
I held out my hand for the rope.
As the owner reluctantly handed it over the bare skin of our fingers brushed. Sexual heat crackled through the connection. He started, and dropped everything, ashamed of a telltale stirring in those cheap polyester pants. His humiliated eyes both coveted and avoided my impassive polished lenses as I bent to retrieve the rope.
That was the weak moment. That was when the Bitch chose to act. I was close to the ground, down at her level.
I heard the pole scrape on concrete without seeing anything of her lunge, and reflex alone was my saviour. I flinched to one side and she missed. Shot past, claws scrabbling. And my mind caught up. In one angry movement I seized the rope before it whipped away, and yanked on it savagely.
The result was surprisingly true to slapstick cartoons, when the charging dog runs to the end of its tether. The Bitch’s head was jerked up short while her body tried to keep on going. She executed an almost perfect flip.
Really I was lucky not to have snapped my new pet’s neck then and there, good money down the drain. Doubly lucky too that I failed to abort her litter with the swift kick I landed on her butt, just below the stubby little tail. The Bitch shivered but did not yelp.
The owner, fat lot of help he had been, gaped open mouthed from dog to me as though only now trying to decide which prospect was more dangerous. ‘Thank you very much!’ I snapped at him over my shoulder. ‘What would I do without a professional?’
A little bloody froth seeped from the corner of the Bitch’s mouth. For a moment nausea threatened, a brief flashback of Muttonbird’s snarling lips and the blood in her teeth, but I pushed it away. Crooning, I knelt and prised the dog’s jaws open. As I thought: she had bitten through that great purple tongue was all, nothing serious. The fright had done more harm. Shocked wheezy gasps billowed in and out of her lungs.
I carefully gathered the Bitch up into my arms and stood with the rope dangling. Her swollen teats were almost feverishly hot and squashy against my forearms. A winter snowstorm of dog hair began on my shirt; oh the joys of pet ownership.
The owner, hovering like a nervous drone fly, trailed me all the way out to the bus stop. He could not prevent himself launching into mumbling, repetitive apologies that merely tapered off; standing too close and then leaning back to preserve his space. Eagerness, uncertain and vulnerable, sweltered off him. An entire life lived as generic straight guy number three rendered him incapable of asking, but his eyes said it anyway: stay. Please stay.
‘Oh, and by the way …’ As I boarded the bus I turned absently, and it were as though a guilty flame had been lit in his flesh. At the same time the beginnings of a cold flush spiked the air. As the ambient temperature dropped, his trembling lips parted.
I adjusted my sunglasses and smiled. ‘Have a great day.’ The bus doors closed on him as frost was beginning to glitter in his hair. The engine roared, and I was gone from his life forever.
The Bitch behaved herself like a good dog all the ride home, making only breathy whimpering sounds through her nose. Crying animals are great for hitting a chord with the public, and a few fellow passengers glanced over sympathetically. Up front somebody’s baby even began to wail in harmony, but failed to garner the same attention; kids had become more a social pest than any hope for the future. Every man for himself.
My eyes were watering too, but not from compassion. To be plunged amongst the human herd was an unlovely experience even at the best of times. Add in a forty-two degree day, and lock them within the confines of a rolling tin can, and they all metamorphosed into giant reeking armpits.
As the bus pulled up to my stop a white haired old woman actually touched my arm! ‘Excuse me.’ She goggled up through eyes as watery as ill-poached eggs. ‘Is your dog ill?’
My horrified skin crawled, but I dredged up the polite rictus of a smile. ‘She’ll be fine. It’s just the heat.’
‘Mm, the heat. Terrible, isn’t it?’
With a non-committal shrug I escaped gratefully into fresh air.
I waited until the human melting pot had lumbered away around a corner. Then I gently put the Bitch on the ground and thoroughly wiped my arm clean. Who knew what might be contagious? Then I heaved the Bitch back off the ground and settled her bulk so that it was comfortable to carry.
Once we were safely home I laid my prize on the cool kitchen tiles and dribbled cold water patiently over her nose and ears. The therapy took a while, but I had time. It was near midnight before my nursing paid off.
Eventually the Bitch opened her confounded eyes, sneezed and shook her broad head spraying dog scented droplets all over the kitchen.
‘Feel better puppy? Want to go for a walk?’
Pathetically grateful, the Bitch wobbled to her feet and wriggled as eagerly as that huge stomach would allow. I put a new rope around her neck with an ordinary knot rather than the noose. Nevertheless, once I put my shoes back on she kept one deferential step behind my heel as though trained to it.
I patted her head, rolling those little silky ears between my fingers. ‘There’s a good dog.’
We went down to the beach to watch the sun rise.
At this hour I had hoped the sand might be pristinely empty, but it seemed somebody had not gone to bed that night. A woman was there, all alone. She sprawled on one of those enormous beach towels called sheets, with big insectoid glasses perched incongruously on her languid face. Not even I wore my glasses at night (although they waited in my pocket for the first hint of day). They must render her uselessly blind. She might well have been there all night, basking in the rays of the now departed moon. The coastline brought money, and financial stability often fostered the mental opposite. 
I hiked along the sand to ensure a good distance from the intruder before sitting down and unleashing my dog for a free run. The Bitch could not believe her luck. She ploughed straight into the water in a sheet of spray, and then galloped up the beach collecting a crust of dry sand on her coat and flying tongue. Then, out of breath, sides heaving, she began a thorough nasal inspection of the high tide seaweed.
I worked my fingers into the cool dry sand, letting the grains spill through my grip. Without the gold benison of sun the beach was colourless and unreal, merely waiting in abeyance for the day’s return. I filled my nostrils and lungs with the dim salty air.
‘Excuse me.’ It was the mysterious woman, divested of her insect goggles. She stood above me, smiling with a faint ironic twist and I took the time to clinically look her over. Most people’s bodies carry their history with them. For example, this specimen would have resembled an adolescent giraffe in her early days: all knees and elbows. Although most ganglers rarely get over it, on her it had translated into long limbed adult grace.
The sky was lightening as though to assist my study, a paler grey. Illumination edged around the woman’s looming silhouette and began picking out details. Hair like pale fluffy sand, bleached by the sun. A tan almost to rival my own, although chalky patches beneath her eyes betrayed a much lighter origin. I wondered where she found enough sun over winter to maintain the complexion.
She was also stark naked. I was pretty sure she had not been naked when on the towel, but not certain. I really had not given it so much attention.
‘Well?’ the woman asked eventually when I looked but said nothing. Perhaps she was used to men falling into piles of foaming dribble at the sight of her unclothed. For my part, I thought that should I concentrate very hard I might be able to muster some vague offhand curiosity.
‘What do you mean by “well”? You’re the one who interrupted me.’
To the stranger’s credit she did not remain fazed for long. In one smooth move she seated herself cross legged in the sand opposite me. ‘Well perhaps I want something from you.’
Sure, you and the rest of the world. I was briefly intrigued by the mechanics of the female genitalia. Even while sitting open legged it still remained mostly closed, secret and hidden away. It must be a handy evolutionary quirk. Useful for, say, keeping the sand out.
Beach coloured, evolved; by now I was almost ready to believe my curious visitor was some spirit of the coastline. When true sunlight burst in she would evaporate, just dissolve back into her native element. I glanced up in time to see her mouth curve. ‘You’re looking at me,’ she said softly, amused.
‘I can not look just as easily.’ I returned my dismissive gaze to the horizon. A few hopeful seagulls wheeled overhead beginning their pre-dawn racket. The beach was presently bare of the wasteful humans they loved, but it would not remain so for long and the early bird gets the refuse. The naked woman did not seem at all apprehensive at the impending prospect of spectators.
‘Simon,’ she said. My name dropped to the sand. My eyes flickered, but I failed to react otherwise. The woman tilted her head. ‘Don’t you want to know how I got your name? You know Simon, some people believe that names give you power over others. So since I know yours, it’s only fair that I give you mine.’
I stared out to sea to demonstrate how far beyond caring I was. Rubbish and cheap superstition. Names did not have any power. By my interlocutor’s sing-song tone she was setting up some kind of feminine game, one I had no intention of playing.
‘Simon?’ She leaned closer to whisper, although the only ones at risk of overhearing were the gulls. The air was rich in brine and seaweed. Over it, I thought I caught a faint whiff of her golden skin. ‘I’m Sylvia. I watch you.’
I shifted away irritably. This was getting out of hand. ‘Do you now?’
‘Don’t you know me, Simon? I said we should meet.’
Ah. Now it all made a grotesque kind of sense. Sylva was my kook, no beach spirit at all. Tiring of shadowy emails, she must have decided on a cruder approach. ‘Congratulations. Do you people have some kind of certificate when graduating from annoyance to stalker?’
‘Stalker?’ Of all things, she sounded hurt.
‘I don’t have the time for this.’ I stood and whistled for the Bitch, dusting myself off. There would be other sunrises to enjoy. ‘Amuse yourself with someone else.’
Between the beach and concreted urban civilisation sat a little wilderness, stretching up and down the coast. A thin strip of twisted tea tree and tough as tack weeds. Rumour had it the local council had grand plans in the pipeline to bulldoze the lot, nesting seabirds and all, in order to put in holiday condos. After all, scrub generates no revenue. They would not be feeling so smart once the first wind came up and filled their streets with sand.
The Bitch came bursting from the tangle, covered in sticks and grass with her tongue and belly tumbling. Stopping only to violate the clean beach laws she obeyed my whistle but it was Sylvia she went to first, tail vibrating frenetically. ‘Come here!’ I snapped, holding out the rope.
The Bitch eyed me, then bumped the woman’s bare breasts with her dribbling sand encrusted nose. Sylvia laughed and wiped the slimy trails away. ‘Nice dog.’ Dawn was on the water now, transforming it from impenetrable grey to green, a green with depth and transparency. As Sylvia looked up at me I had to notice that her eyes were exactly the same colour. ‘I like dogs. What’s her name?’
I did not particularly want to own up to what I had dubbed the animal. ‘Her name is get here right now!’
The Bitch grunted reluctantly but obeyed. As I re-tied the rope, Sylvia began gathering up her towel. ‘Wait. I’ll walk with you.’
My patience was already tried and condemned. I spitefully looped the leash back into a slipknot. ‘You absolutely will not,’ I replied over my shoulder while striding away. She was still standing and staring as the tea trees closed between us.
Annoyed and out of sorts, perhaps I was not paying as much attention as I should have been. Perhaps the Bitch saw her opportunity for a new owner, a more gullible female one, slipping away. But unfortunately for her she was still too slow from the boot I had administered earlier.
The rope was yanked from my inattentive hands, but I stamped briskly down before it could get away. The Bitch had the remarkable foresight to check her leap for freedom this time and avoided another throttling. Instead, she turned her momentum into a tight attacking arc and clamped her slavering jaws around my foot.
Oh hell she was biting me! My shoe was being crushed in a snarling vice. I could feel the press of each individual tooth: the Bitch was biting my foot! Dog bites infect. They form ugly puckered scars.
I howled and wrenched my shoe free, ready to punt her with it and it would not be any warning tap this time. Suddenly, seeing the game was up, the Bitch became a fawning bundle of worship. I drew my foot back threateningly and now she whined piteously. She wormed forward on her belly, stumpy tail churning the air with goodwill. She began licking both of my shoes as though she meant to eat me that way, like a lollypop.
I shoved her aside and bent to examine the damage. Thank heaven. The leather was foul, but although my foot tingled it was the ache of a limb compressed. Not mauled or torn through. ‘Oh, thank you, thank you.’ I was not sure just who I was addressing. Certainly not the Bitch.
I looked down into her wet apprehensive eyes. ‘I know exactly where you need to go!’
The Bitch’s howls as I shut her in the Cold Room were frightful. They reminded me of other screams I had heard long ago, the sound Mum made the day she surprised dear old dad shaking Simon-the-boy like a feverish rag doll on his bed.
It was almost more trouble than discipline was worth to get the dog down there at all. Just like the real estate agent she baulked, refusing to go any further than the head of the stairs. However, I had not held a rope around the real estate agent’s neck. I set my shoulders and pulled, muscles shifting like the parts of a well oiled piston.
For the Bitch’s part, she was like a snake I had once seen skewered on a garden hoe. She thrashed and bucked. At the brink of the first step she braced all four legs, the rope disappearing beneath her ruff. She was strangling. Her face and neck swelled right up, eyes bulging and purple tongue protruding fatly from peeled back lips.
‘Come on!’ I feared I might not be able to master her on force alone. She might be willing to die. I was about to slacken the rope when the Bitch gave in first.
Agonisingly, huffing for breath, she inched her way down the stairs. Her tail was too short to hide between her legs but it pressed tightly to her buttocks. Then once I had her inside the Cold Room it was easier. All of the fight went out of her in a rush. She rolled and cowered on the floor.
‘You’ll learn to do as I say!’ I spoke to the Bitch through the closed Cold Room door, leaning forehead and palms hard against it. Through those points of contact I could feel my anger streaming out of me, transmitted into the wood. ‘Everybody learns.’ I thumped my head on the surface once.
Only Skin
Five
The Heat Outside
The night hung hot and still. An oppressive fog of sweat slung low as a pregnant belly. Under such conditions the mind could not help but to dream and expand as the body did also, every pore opening hungrily to breathe. I had been hovering in placed sleep, utterly disconnected from life’s troubles when suddenly I gasped and opened my eyes in the dark.
Cold! A single breath of debilitating cold, as though some tragic phantom had lifted the sheets and exhaled across me. Before I even made it out of sleep my horrified scrotum was trying to burrow back into my body and the warmth of entrails.
Shocked awake, I forced my outraged teeth to unclench. Already the air was recovering its ambience but following the cold there came a sound. Once detected the frequency was impossible to ignore, a vibration in the bed frame. Shifting pillow and mattress aside I put my ear to the bed’s chill steel, trying not to flinch. It was the Bitch. 
The Bitch was moaning in the night, her persistent racket travelling from the Cold Room up through the floorboards and into my bed. Already the animal’s incarceration was bringing positive results. Each time I opened the Cold Room’s door those ears had sunk a little lower, her mad cunning eyes shone a little glassier. Calculated rebellion was being leeched from her bit by bit.
There was refuse to be disposed of, of course, which I mucked out without a fuss. Not much sense complaining over things that cannot be helped. Except that for some reason it had all begun accumulating under Muttonbird’s card tables. As ridiculous as it sounded, it were as though the Bitch kept forcing her bulk under there, squatting and shuffling, whenever she needed to move her bowels. That left me getting down and kneeling right in close to the girl in order to clean up.
And while we were on the topic, there was something wrong with Muttonbird. Rather than glazing over restfully her milky blue eyes goggled, surprised and angry. Her spine had wrenched sideways somehow and as a result she twisted restlessly in place as though caught in a nonexistent wind. Not literally. If we were talking literally then of course she was still. But as I cleaned up the Bitch’s shit, in the corner of my eye Muttonbird writhed over me, twisting and swaying.
Unsure how best to feed a pregnant animal I ripped open a bag of dog biscuits and left the issue to the Bitch’s discretion. Surely she could be trusted to sort that one out for herself. And the puppies inside her grew. The Bitch inhaled the Cold Room’s air. The food she wolfed down was riddled with tiny crystalline structures. What water she received was licked from the walls; they had sheathed themselves in shining ice for their guest, like a womb thickening its lining with the welcoming nourishment of blood vessels. All this the Bitch took in and passed faithfully to her pups.
No matter how empty and hopeless the dog’s face might be when I entered the Cold Room, it always filled with expectation just as I was leaving. Waddling with that belly protruding grotesquely she would come eagerly at my heels, whines rising in pitch and desperation until I slammed the door between us. I had though that I was locking the plaint in with her, but now I could hear it.
I could hear her, but that was nothing new. So why was I awake? There had been something to do with cold, which did not sound right; it was anything but cold in here. I would never get any sleep at this rate, although I strove manfully. Left side, right side, head squidged into the pillow; even diagonally, my favourite position, with arms flung out across the bed. Eventually it became evident that sleep was just not happening.
I threw back the covers and stood, wavering with no reference points in the dark. Out here, the night was a special kind of dark. In the city the lights were always left burning to keep people’s worries exposed, but when left to themselves the moon and stars alone were not bright enough to light the ground. I was untroubled by it; I knew my surroundings with the ease of long practice. The familiarity of my bedroom lay all around, and I could sense without seeing every stick of furniture and the air it displaced. Leaving the bed I took a single confident step.
And yelped as a stinging burning needle was thrust into my ankle. Abruptly the walls that I had not needed to see plunged away, and I plunged sickeningly with them. My gut was falling while standing still. All dimension and placement in the world was falling. Not only was I no longer sure where I might be standing in the room but the house itself, the beach and the rest of the sane universe had gone. I was no longer its centre and axis. I gagged on disorientation. All that existed was a terrifying void crammed with the rush and stench of feathers.
Sweating but refusing to give in, I reached out blindly for something. Anything. The floor was tilting and swaying like a bough beneath me, wanting to throw me off. One arm cracked painfully against a surface. I found it again and clung there gratefully. A wall. A blessedly solid wall, although it rocked in its own way to the rhythm of the chaos.
Spread-eagled I flattened myself fervently to the plaster surface, wanting to sink safely into it and become part of solidarity. I was smothering on air. The feathers were overwhelming. Every bird that ever existed must be waiting out there in the dark, packed together in a dense spreading mass. For some time, I could not calculate how long, I simply stood there and breathed.
What had bitten my ankle? What it if had been a snake? They were not exactly uncommon out this way, and once I had the thought of reptiles in my head I could not get rid of them. Was that tickling that I could feel spreading up my leg a poison? Death pumped briskly by my own traitorous heart, seeking the electricity of my brain. Now both legs were feeling weak.
Help? I tried tentatively, or at least I might have whispered it. I could not stay clinging there forever, too lost and uncertain to move. Every moment of hesitation made the prospect of eventual motion harder to tolerate. I should never have left the safety of the bed.
When I was small, Mum always knew when I awoke in the dark. She just knew. Simon-the-boy would wake, but before there was even the chance to be afraid would come the hurried scrape of slippers in the hallway. To the boy the arrival of angels could sound no sweeter; Mum was coming to save him.
Then the hall light would click on and rush under the door like rapture. Mapping out the bedroom, breaking his paralysis. Mum never even had to enter but instead lingered just outside his door, close enough to throw her shadow under it. The softest whisper: ‘Baby boy.’ Then she would return to her own bed on hush hush slippers as quickly as she had come.
I wished more than anything she was here, but Mum could not help me now. She wanted to, of course, but how could she? She was downstairs in the Cold Room and I locked the door from the outside these days because the Bitch was in there with her. The Bitch had to learn her lesson. All of them locked in together, so as much as I wished for Mum, willed for her, she could not come.
All I had was the wall. That was at least something. Something was better than nothing. Walls do not exist without rooms – so in spite of what my senses claimed, the room still had to be there. I was on a wall in a room. Which wall was I on?
Calmly, I told myself. Stay calm. I am Simon. When I stood, I came straight out from the bed, so logically I ought to be on the far wall. That should put the light switch to my left at chest height. My fingers scrabbled on the empty wall and panic kicked me in the chest. Where was it? Where was it? A little higher.
Closing my hand on that flat square switch was … incredible! I had just been pulled back from an abyss. Dragged from a fire. Somebody else had satisfied Celia’s carnal proclivities for a change. I knew where I was and where everything was, and it was the most beautiful feeling in the world. I pressed the switch and etched the room in light.
Hey presto. My bedroom. How could I have become so disoriented and frightened in here? It was like being afraid of your own foot. Already the dread was receding and unreal, rolled back by reason’s tide, I could no longer give it credence. But something had triggered it. What on earth bit me?
I rubbed a little red spot on my ankle. Scanned the floor, and actually laughed out loud when I located the culprit. Poisonous snake indeed! When blundering around in the dark all I had done was to kick the sharp corner of Muttonbird’s little journal, left conveniently on the floor for me to trip over at my own leisure.
The last to leave, the blast of adrenaline eased its way out like an embarrassed party guest. My heart subsided within its cage of ribs. Everybody calm down now, move along, nothing to see here. Still chuckling I idly picked up Muttonbird’s book and sat on the corner of my bed, mattress squeaking. It creaked in silence, the Bitch’s cries forgotten. Now, how did this get in here? I thought I had burned all of the ugly girl’s crap.
It was certainly a fair representation of her earthly possessions. The journal’s pages were creased and dirty, not treated well, and threatening to escape their cheap binding. The cardboard cover was indelibly marked with the press of both Muttonbird’s fingers and mine, rippled indents that I could feel with my thumb. Now there was a snatch of recollection I could do without. How those awful bloodied eyes had rolled jerkily down to the book held between us. No, actually what I found even more than awful was the explosive violence of her demise. It were as though hate alone had galvanised her, hate kept her going when the rest of life’s reasons had fled.
While the others gave up living so easily, almost gratefully.
I flipped the pages lazily with my thumbnail and flipped them again, soft paper whiffling. They gave off a faint library smell. But then one word jumped out at me: “CIGARETTE”, and my digit dove in almost involuntarily to pin the spot. The process was quite like those crappy books of advice they sell on newsstands: hold your question in mind, and on some random page your answer will be found. A book of all life’s problems solved in a single trite sentence, authored by somebody who devoted their whole existence to gardening or the breeding of fluffy kittens. I opened up to see what Muttonbird would have to say.
Ooh. What a nasty vitriolic account of the emphysema crusader who had been sitting nearby at a café when Muttonbird wrote this. A girl her age should not even know so many rude words, at least not in a row. She was outraged, disgusted at the persistent smoke that insinuated down her mouth and nose to spoil the savour of a short black and a hazelnut latte downed one after the other. I could almost taste it myself.
A scatter of chocolate coffee beans across a generic white café saucer, both dark and milk chocolate. In spite of the git smoker the café itself was a soothing refuge, warm with steam and sweet with the aroma of brewing. Muttonbird / I leaned down and gently spread some cheese bagel crumbs across the tiles.
PLEASE DO NOT FEED THE BIRDS read the sign, but stuff ‘em. It was unlikely any café owner appreciated what being truly hungry was like. A small sparrow was on the case immediately with its funny jumping walk, just one of the many tiny birds that darted in and out the big glass door with each arriving patrol. The sparrow kept one hypersensitive bright eye on me at all times as it pecked, and pecked.
Right on, bird, I thought sourly with the warm glow of charity fading. Never trust anyone. Especially the hand that feeds you. The little sparrow was a boy. The ones with the little black bibs were boys; I remembered that from a fable I read as a child. In the story this fairy was having trouble telling the boy sparrows from the girls, because once upon a time they all looked the same and apparently gender was more critical than personality, so she handed out bibs …
Shivering, I forced the crummy pages of Muttonbird’s journal together. I had never read any fairy story about sparrows as a child; I was never much of a reader. So how could I remember curling up with the book so clearly? The book was safe, the story was a refuge from a confusing and violent world. Running my tongue around the backs of my teeth I found the aftertaste of two coffees. One bitter, one sweet. I never drink coffee. What the hell was all that about?
My lip curled, and in a sudden fit of frightened temper I hurled the journal away from me. It tumbled into a corner, pages splayed. For a moment I felt remorseful as though I had actually hurt the thing!
‘So, smokers are jerks, huh?’ Angrily I hunted down my deck and smoked two cigarettes right down to the filter, sucking as though I could get the smoke into my toes. It effectively burned away all of the disturbing coffee taste. The problem being, though, that suddenly the cigarettes did not taste all that good themselves. Not good at all.
I flopped down onto the bed with both fists scrunched against my forehead. Taste was not the only problem that had lingered. While reading I had thought like Muttonbird, as Muttonbird! I recoiled from the sharp, almost offensive precision of her alien thoughts as we had sat in that café (what café? I didn’t visit cafes!). Even the emotions she experienced had their clearly quarantined borders: this was where anger left off and resignation began, with resentment way off over there, and so on. It was unnatural, repugnant. Like thinking with razor blades instead of a brain.
I left the light on. Sleep, when it finally swallowed me, was soggy and brought no relief. 
I dreamed of a woolly haired ice maiden who knelt on my ribs, feet digging into my thighs. Her weight bruised the contents of my chest and was gradually forcing my spine right through the mattress. My arms would not move. I hitched and fought to breathe. Bucking her off was impossible. Her mass was a mountain crushing me into the bed.
The ice woman put cold fingers to my lips, caressingly, but when I looked up into her overhanging face it was pinched and cruel. And powerful. The looming face of a goddess. The scar of my hip flared up molten with mortal fear, burning, my terror had no other outlet. The goddess flinched from the searing brand, the black holes of her features opening wide. Yet even as she melted away I still reached for her because once she had gone I would be all alone. I could not stand to be alone.
I was still reaching out to nothing when I woke in the morning. Shocked chills wracked my body, and I remained huddled in bed for a long time, arms protecting my sore bruised chest. ‘What the hell?’ I whispered. ‘What the hell, what the hell?’
The light was on, as I had left it last night. But today was Friday, not Saturday. I was lying on the cheap futon in my flat in the city, where I had been all week. My real home, the Bitch, Muttonbird and her journal were all very far away.
It took all the bravery I could muster merely to crawl out of bed and into the shower. After all, wasn’t that where things started going wrong last night: when I ventured out of bed? Only last night was a night that could not possibly have happened.
At least once I was in the shower I was glad; the comfort of warm water sluiced away residue, if not actual memories. I emerged as clean and braced for the day as I was going to get. But I had been so sure I was already home. I had been so sure. And, I remembered with a sudden jolt of fear, I had tasted the coffee. The impossible coffee, straight from her taste buds to mine, and who was going to explain that?
There was some other memory mixed in there, too. Odd recollections of Muttonbird’s ugly face, of reaching arms and an acute steely pain in my chest. Daylight and rationality were already dicing it into meaningless fragments, though, and eventually I quit picking at it.
What was there left to do but to head off to work for the day. Follow the routine. Thankfully her highness did not require my presence until the very end of the day when most of the staff were already packing up for the impending long weekend. She had been too busy entertaining a board meeting of her daddy’s suits, perhaps even entertaining them in the same manner as she did me. It gave me some time to just sit quietly and get a handle on myself (before Celia got the chance, ha ha). Nothing other than a long day of office tedium could convince me that the here and now was real. Nothing else could possibly be so boring.
The smell of coffee drew me to the office urn momentarily. I had never drunk coffee, what did it taste like? As sharp and yet tension-relieving as Muttonbird remembered it? One sip dissuaded me from any more. It was horrible, bitter and gaggingly horrible, and I scalded my tongue. I had been right all along, coffee tastes like absolute rubbish. No sane person would ever drink it.
There was of course an email waiting for me. No prize for guessing whom from – some people just have nothing useful to fill their time. Sylvia, beach spirit, wacky kook, was in her own small way waxing eloquent.
YOU ARE A VERY PRETTY MAN
IN REAL LIFE, SIMON
ASTONISHINGLY PRETTY UP CLOSE.
And so on. Not really worth reading. I had my rather scathing reply all typed out and ready to send when a voice snapped, ‘Simon!’
I jumped guiltily but of course Celia was not behind me leaning over the chair. She was on the intercom. I turned and, yes, the suits from her meeting were filing meekly out of her office, a procession of sombre faces and receding grey hairlines.
I hesitated, then wiped the email waiting to be sent. How quickly you could erase an entire intention using technology. The words only existed for so long as they were on the screen, vulnerable, waiting to be printed or struck.
The message I actually sent back was simply:
Yes. I am, aren’t I?
My boss was certainly on her high horse today – well, she did so like to straddle things. The only positive aspect of our relations, I thought spitefully as I opened the glass door, was being spared the tedium of maintaining any actual two-way conversations.
‘They were blown away, really blown away,’ Celia sang exultantly as she paced, almost dancing. ‘I dazzled them, I schmazzled them. Of course it isn’t terribly difficult to amaze corporate nitwits but, even so, Daddy will be so pleased with me. I can’t wait ‘til he reads their report!’
Celia rubbed her hands gleefully although I could not see much to thrill over. To the best of my knowledge, the most sincere affection Daddy’s girl received was a whopping great cheque on her birthday. Perhaps a phone call from his secretary if she was lucky. Apparently they were both satisfied with the size of the emotional bribe, as Daddy had not seen his girl in years.
However, the prospect of pleasing the big man must have triggered some kind of Electra complex in Celia. Next thing I knew, her blouse was flying across the room. It settled on the drinks cabinet in a slither of expensive chartreuse silk. 
‘I want you Simon,’ Celia commanded as though it were news to me. ‘Right now.’
Oh well. To work, then. Pressing Celia rhythmically into the carpet, I found my thoughts free for more abstract reflection. For example, I could not escape noticing how my boss’ bared breasts bobbled with each jolt. They looked exactly like the chunks of jelly you get in kid’s airline meals, during turbulence. The motion would probably be more appealing were they a nice lime green or raspberry red.
On paper, Celia’s generous figure was a Monroe styled signifier of opulence and wealth. I tried to concentrate on that rather than the more persistent image of a rippling bull elephant seal charging up the beach. Uh oh. That almost had me laughing, which was perilous to keeping events upright.
I needed something more neutral to focus on. Carpet – carpet was bland. With the long fibres pushed apart beneath our weight I could see the dirt at floor level. Deep pile carpets are virtually impossible to clean, even with the hordes of starving international students Celia employed and armed with those vacuum cleaners that can pick up bowling balls. How sadly appropriate this act should be performed amidst the kind of dirt that just won’t clean out.
‘Simon.’
Something was strange. Something had changed. The flesh that I heaved myself against was suddenly even softer, more yielding. It were as though all of Celia’s muscles had relaxed at once and limply given up the ghost. That was my first impression: cessation; that my vain power-grubbing boss had up and died.
Just great. How was I supposed to pay the bills now? But surely the heat must depart a cadaver gradually. Celia was bloodless all at once. Not merely cold but icy. The sort of intense cold that sears until you can no longer really tell, is it scorching or freezing? My shrieking nerve endings refused to bear any more. I gasped horribly, a strangling sound, not realising I had had my eyes closed until my eyelids fled.
The head below me was embedded in a thicket of dark curly hair. Not Celia’s russet mane at all. Weak blue eyes gleamed up like two impassive glass beads, at odds with the passionate heaving and contortion of the body. I saw a translucent, marred complexion, ungraced by makeup. What I saw was not Celia’s face at all and I twisted my own away. ‘No!’
‘Simon?’ The voice issuing from Muttonbird’s slack lips was still Celia’s, thick with lust. I clung to that.
‘Just a dream,’ I muttered desperately against her neck. The overwhelming wool reek of Muttonbird’s hair stuffed my nostrils shut. Airless claustrophobia loomed. ‘It can’t be you.’
I closed my eyes again to shut it out, but the erotic image of the Cold Room that I had employed had well and truly fled. In its place Muttonbird had invaded through the windows of my gaze, she presided there. The straining of my body had little now to do with the two-backed beast, more like one dog locked helplessly into another. I struggled to bring things to a halt but could not.
Muttonbird bit my shoulder with her crooked teeth. I saw Celia’s cosmetics smeared on my skin and thought I’d go mad. All of my fear was being drawn into my manhood and it swelled anew, tight to the skin with terror. Painful. All the while Muttonbird’s slack dead face was observing my nakedness; only her assessing eyes were alive. She could see everything. Into my eyes, between the atoms of my body, between the lines. I dimly gasped, ‘Stop!’
And it finally did, not with her but with me. The terror low in my belly seemed to ignite, gushing ignominiously out to fill the latex sheathe.
I rolled off her, fighting to get air to the bottom of my shallow lungs. Flashing blots battled lazily before my eyes like a vortex of oil and water. For a few panting minutes all I could manage was to lie limply, waiting for sufficient oxygen to clear my head. Celia was pure Celia now, a sight I thought I would never be glad to see. The blue eyed phantom had gone.
Celia gave me a puzzled glance as she regained her feet and kicked off the panties that had been snared around her knees. Clad only in thigh high stockings and heels she headed straight for the reassurance of the drinks cabinet, stumbling a little as her shoes caught on the shag. It was only once she was watching me cautiously through the bottom of a glass that I realised. Celia had not orgasmed. Not even close.
‘That was a first,’ she remarked tartly, draining the first of many bourbons with a grimace.
‘I …’ I began, with no idea of what I was about to say.
Dear Celia cut me off, unwilling to entertain excuse or emotion. ‘Never mind, Simon. My schedule’s been all over the place lately, too. You know Daddy always tells me I’ll only ever be on time for my birth and death.’ She tittered indulgently, a sharp cautionary twist at the end. ‘We’ll just have to make sure we have better timing next time.’
There was no doubt as to which of us was meant by “we”. Celia must be rather fond of me, though: she had given me enough space to recover myself, more than most were graced with. I bowed comically low. ‘Allow me to prepare myself over the long weekend, lest your beauty overcome me a second time.’ Smooth. Confident.
Celia waved a dismissive hand. She was occupied getting chummy with the bottle, so I left.
Just one more brief task before the weekend was mine. I opened my filing cabinet and took out a wad of paper. Ink jet print offs, each set out in the same precise fashion. All of them emails dating back at least several months. As soon as I had realised they were part of a series I had stopped deleting and started printing.
In the beginning they were brief.
CAST YOUR EYES TO ME.
Or, 
BEAUTY IS THE GREATEST VIRTUE.
That was while Sylvia the stalker was just getting into the swing of things. From such uninspired beginnings she had now progressed to such gems as:
I AM THE HOT SUN ON YOUR HARD,
HARD … WELL, YOU ALREADY KNOW
WHAT THE BLESSED LIGHT HAS TOUCHED.
ALL BUT YOUR EYES.
WHAT’S WRONG WITH YOUR EYES, SIMON
THAT YOU WON’T SHOW THEM TO ME?
Even now I ground my teeth in outrage to read it. I was about to drop the lot into the bin, but thought better of it and stuffed the pages in my pocket.
YOUR EYES.
No doubt the bitter office monkeys would rifle my waste paper bin given the chance.
EYES.
I would deposit the emails in a public bin outside. Perhaps distributed between several bins all around the city.
I slipped my sunglasses on and stepped into the lift. There was nothing wrong with my eyes! It was other people’s eyes I had to worry about.
Only Skin
Six
Cosmetic
I picked and fidgeted the entire train ride home, torn between affecting unconcern and the sober fact that I didn’t feel it. There really was nothing tangible to worry about, I consoled, patting my own head. Absolutely nothing. Over the long weekend Celia would completely forget the … the incident, in the flood of triviality that constituted her life. Oh, I broke a nail; ah, an ingrown hair; sob, Daddy doesn’t love me.
Why then, should I be worrying and jiggling first one foot then the other? No damn reason. Only … only I was positive I had seen Muttonbird instead of Celia. Oh damn it, I had felt her. If the one woman was not repulsive enough to make me crave a shower, enter the dead one (ha ha). You should not feel hallucinations in the real world. That’s why it’s called “real”.
I had felt Muttonbird’s maliciousness as well, as though it had actually been manifest; a creepy ectoplasm oozing out of the atmosphere. It had rolled off the intruder in waves, pervading everything she touched – and she had certainly gone and touched me. I still felt queasy. Sick and contaminated.
WORRY! Proclaimed the half hidden by-line of a newspaper on the opposite seat, sending a superstitious prickle through me. I wanted to pick it up and flip it all the way open, reveal the rest of the article as unportentious junk, but I could not make myself move, just in case it wasn’t. Rather than irrelevant semi-news the paper might gleefully shout: Worry away, you screwed a dead girl! Your boss is gearing herself up to fire you! I was unable to make myself touch the thing to resolve the issue one way or the other; the best I could do was to keep my eyes off. Over the hills and far away.
If it was distraction from woe I wanted, there was more lurking back home at the beach house than any heart could desire. Even the atmosphere about the property had changed. I could sample the difference in the air immediately, although at first I could not pinpoint how. Everything seemed to have shifted by the most miniscule degree to the left.
I was not certain of anything until I opened the door to the Cold Room. Down there everything had changed. Descending the stairs, I first noticed the walls. Their ice lining had gone, returning them to plain stone. If I did not know better, I could pretend to myself that the winter wonderland had never existed at all.
My next cue was olfactory. How lovely: the refuse beneath Muttonbird’s tables was piled high, and had more than a few strange buttery coloured scraps mixed in. Nose wrinkled against the smell, I knelt and gingerly picked one out. Plastic. The tiny red print could just be read: “… for healthy gums and a shiner coat …”. Holy crap. Grimacing, I dropped the scrap and wiped my fingers on my pants. The Bitch had eaten the bloody dog food bag.
Muttonbird herself I refused to look at. It was a tactic that had been serving me well lately. If I looked, she might no longer be in repose but sitting up, head turned to fix me with her nasty washed out eyes. And where was my dog?
‘Bitch? Here, girl.’
When I located the animal it was without any help from her part. From a far corner of the room the Bitch regarded me indifferently, her belly a vacant skin pouch. A refugee might have eyes like that, the universal stare of the dispossessed. One whose world has been torn and uprooted. It was the sort of face splashed liberally across newspapers in times of war, to remind the progressive world of the consequences wreaked in its wake.
I shifted uneasily. ‘Where are your babies?’
A squeak answered me, but not from her. The Bitch simply continued to stare blankly ahead of her. A single puppy padded out from behind his mother’s bulk. Already steady on his feet, with none of that endearing clumsiness ubiquitous to all infants. And he was not just big but too big. Far too advanced in size to be a baby. Even if he had been whelped immediately on my departure last Monday morning he was still impossibly huge.
‘Where are the others?’
Of course there was nobody I could really ask. A suspicion was sneaking up that the matters of the puppy’s size and solitary nature might be intrinsically linked. However when I thought about it, really thought, I admitted that I did not particularly wish to know. Instead I hunched down, and the puppy pressed his cold nose into my palm. A pair of baleful chocolate eyes rolled to my face.
‘Well you’re a big boy, aren’t you? What was your daddy then? A horse?’ A room with its walls full of ice? For all the bulging of the Bitch’s belly there were no other babies, only this solitary puppy with his sleek coat and one paw blighted white, like it had been dipped in bleach.
‘Fenrir,’ I said, naming him after that end world wolf and Fenrir laughed up at me, opening his big jaws as though already ready to swallow the sun. The Bitch remained cowed behind him, finally knowing her place.
In pleasure I stood up, ignoring the faint needling about my stomach. What you might call an inkling; like being stuck with persistent little pins of detail. Just a tiny hint that things were not quite right. But I was not about to let a little doubt rain on my parade, my essential sense of rightness in the universe.
Smiling generously, a benevolent master, I opened the door and stood aside. ‘Out you go.’ After all, the Cold Room was no place for a growing puppy.
Fenrir trotted immediately through the proffered portal, but his mother hesitated. It was hard to have faith in kindness after having the same door slammed in her face for so long. I waited patiently. No need to force it. I was not a cruel master, merely a firm one. Eventually, just as I was considering giving her a nudge (patience has its limits), the Bitch took the plunge and scuttled apprehensively through the opening. You would think she expected a portcullis to drop on her any second. As she passed through, in the stairwell light I saw how scabbed and weeping her pendulous teats had become, the marks of her loving son’s teeth.
Leaving the dogs to explore the house I dumped my bag out on the bed. It was a very simple sorting process: clothes to be washed got kicked into one pile, aftershave and whatnot to another. The floor was soon heaped in junk being booted about, so my eventual clumsiness was not surprising. I kicked something, and swore at a sharp pain in my ankle. I looked down.
Briefly the room swam about me and I put a hand out, afraid that I was about to lose it. Just plainly afraid because here was the impossibility from last night! My ankle was reddened in the same spot and the horrid girl’s two dollar journal lay precisely where I had thrown it.
‘Muttonbird.’
The voice made me jump before I realised it was mine, and I almost dropped the journal. Indeed I had barely registered the act of picking it up, but instinctively handled it gingerly the way you would a loathsome spider. ‘What the hell?’
The taste of coffee was back. Was there even such a thing as phantom memory? I could remember the feeling of being the wretched girl even more vividly than the taste, and had no particular desire to experience either ever again.
I could not put the journal back down, though. I was worried that if all the cheap little book held were ordinary printed words, it might mean I was tipping off the reality carousel. That would be worse. Indeed, that would be much worse.
So I opened to a page and was immediately no longer myself. But, if an upside could be considered, I was not crazy. I was Muttonbird, but I wasn’t crazy.
I stood before a mirror in a strange room. The surrounds were of a small studio type of arrangement, decked with the desolate carpet and inoffensive furnishing of cheap hotels the world over. The mirror confirmed I was Muttonbird, if I ever had chance to doubt it. Some of her feelings filtered through to me. Foremost was a dull experience of shame.
The reflection of the room behind me elaborated the story. Without turning I could see a large man sprawled on the bed. Naked, at least from what I could see of his torso. A steady snore testified that he was at least alive. The air smelt air conditioned dry, full of sweaty odours that circulated around and around the space. My hair stuck out even more fantastically than usual, rumpled bed air, and I touched it with a stranger’s thin boned hands to feel the woolly texture. The warm self-satisfied glow between my legs completed the tale.
I pulled the short dress off over my head. He couldn’t even wait to take it off, floated though my mind briefly. Alone, my fingers would have fumbled the unfamiliar disrobing but Muttonbird’s knowledge guided them surely. No underwear. Good. I really looked better without it cutting into soft skin, the natural lines of my body were better.
I briefly touched the warmth beneath my legs, searching through wiry hair, and smiled shyly. Or was that slyly? The man on the bed breathed slowly in and out.
When I turned from side to side I caught different angles of my naked self, trying to view my body as a stranger must. Disconnected words drifted through my thoughts: slut, whore; as though I were trying them on for size. Occasionally my reflection might please me in a sort of abstract, long limbed manner – this was not one of those days.
For a start, my paleness would have officially hit grotesque if it weren’t so consistently sunburned. And I knew all those freckles were just begging for an excuse to blossom into grand melanomas. This situation, my body, always remained the same no matter what I tried. My form remained cheesily loyal to the gawky adolescence that formed it, and the even gawkier childhood that preceded. Puberty had managed little alteration to the basic spirit of things.
Every now and again I might fool myself that the curves hanging off my long bones were noveau rubinesque, sexy, the body of a grown woman. But with the memory of the man on the bed’s hands so fresh the truth was clear: it was just soft unhealthy flesh. Lazy and un-maintained.
The reflection smiled coyly at me despite the negativity coursing through my brain. With horror, the realisation finally dawned on me that Muttonbird knew I was here. She knew! A tiny girlish wave at myself in the mirror – she was waving to me!
Then with one blue nailed finger I poked myself in the eye.
Pain erupted fresh and new. Both eyes immediately puffed shut, the injured and its sympathetic partner. Tears burst out freely but Muttonbird was not finished yet. I slapped myself, a loose wristed blow but enough to bring an outraged glow to my cheek.
‘What are you doing?’ A muzzy voice intruded. The man on the bed was propping himself up on both palms, the doona falling away from his chest, no Mr Universe himself. He was likely the best Muttonbird could get. ‘Don’t do …’
I blinked, my eyes watering; it had all stopped. Fenrir had taken Muttonbird’s journal out of my hands. My slapped face, my own fine features hurt like pounded meat. The poked eye was already shut and felt twice its normal size. ‘Crap!’
What was going on? It was just writing for crap's sake; words could not come alive and bite! And even, just to entertain the idea, if Muttonbird were still alive in there somewhere, the pages I had been reading had been written a long time ago, they were somewhere near the start of the badly used journal. Long before I had encountered the girl in her tent on my land. She could not have known I was watching!
I had to go back downstairs and see Muttonbird for myself. The girl's body was a closed door, revealing no clues. Muttonbird lay as she always had, awkwardly, and the stink of the Bitch's leavings hung about her. I remembered the way in which judgement had come thick and fast as Muttonbird studied her naked body in the mirror. Condemnation was the order of the day. Just a coincidence that she happened to be right.
'Oh, too bad. Thought you were a bit on the chumpy side, did you?' Well she did look to be carrying in excess, although not to the gross extent that her journal implied. 'Poor lamb. Well, since your diary is so eager for the two of us to get together, let's see if we can't workshop this little issue of yours.'
My orange handled kitchen scissors were in an upstairs drawer, easy to fetch. 'Now, if you'll excuse my boldness …'
I began cutting Muttonbird's remaining clothes away. They were stiff and cold. Her spectacular nosebleed had become a delicate frozen web in the fibres and each time the blades closed they made a ssnick-crunch sound. It became a catchy rhythm as I worked: open, close; ssnick-crunch, ssnick-crunch, ssnick-crunch. My breath flowered around us in the Cold Room's air.
Muttonbird's exposed flesh, already pale before the blood fled, was like watery milk. The freckles against such a white background reminded me of vanilla choc-chip ice cream, and were about the same temperature. The girl's smallish breasts had slipped to the sides and frozen there – no implants then. They looked far less an integral part of her body than Sylvia's golden glands, more like a last minute tack-on. Of course, to compare Sylvia to Muttonbird was a bit like lining up a lioness and a goat, but I could not resist. How strange that two creatures built to basically the same blueprint should turn out so dramatically different.
I leaned back to view the whole product. Muttonbird was right: she did carry a bit of padding on her bones there. Not enough to be called truly fat, but if her flesh were not frozen hard it would be extremely soft and wobbly. 'Never fear, Muttonbird!' I proclaimed, striking a hero's stance. 'Simon is here.'
Although to be entirely truthful, my “helping” had less to do with altruism and more with my need to do something to Muttonbird. I needed to manipulate her, change her, assure myself that she was becoming part of my world rather than me entering into hers. But of course she did not need to know that.
I don't suppose I will ever make a surgeon, the way all Mums dream for their sons to be. Especially not while operating using a knife and a vegetable peeler. With broad strokes of the peeler I sculpted Muttonbird's body by carving out what was not needed, paying particular attention to those areas that she herself had considered an issue.
The shaved-down result ended up, of course, a lot more prepubescent. I was disappointed that I could not bring Sylvia's generous proportions to the girl, but these things cannot be helped. The strips of skin went back on over the top with craft glue. And now for the clever part. A surgeon I may not manage, but I had been rather nifty at art while in school. The leftover tubes of half dried gouache filched from the art room I now put to a more practical use and painted over the lot with a new skin tone, as bronzed as my own.
There. Once finished with the body I draped a beach sheet over it – not out of modesty, which we were far beyond; it merely covered all of the jagged edges that were left. They resembled a criss-crossing series of giant waterlogged paper cuts, and did not take the paint very well.
Now Muttonbird looked like the sort of girl I could leave my Mum alone with during the week. I even used some left over skin from her thigh to repair the acne damage to her cheeks. It was a patch job, but nevertheless the closest to a peaches and cream complexion this girl would ever get. Muttonbird's face retained its sour expression throughout, but I no longer found it so threatening. Head to one side I regarded her seriously for a few seconds before coming to a decision. 'Oh why not.'
Mum's makeup was still in her chunky floral toiletry bag. I had brought it all down into the Cold Room in case she wanted to freshen up, and now it would come in nicely useful.
I painted Muttonbird in the manner that Mum had always told me ladies should look. Lips a careful prim red. Both eyes modestly delineated in thin trails of black. The eyeliner would only show when the eyes were downcast. A faint blush dusted high on her cheeks made the face seem narrower.
It was not easy: until the glue finished setting her new face insisted on rucking up like uncooked chicken skin, but eventually I got it right. Muttonbird's makeup was now a perfect mirror of Mum's. 'How do you feel about yourself now, girlie?'
Wonderful, ecstatic, transcendent. The fulsome joy would come flooding out if she could speak. I'm a fairytale princess in a fabulous dream. But of course, I would not let her speak, not a squeak. She was my creature now. Also, Muttonbird could not answer because she was dead. There was always that.
I felt very tired; vindicated, but tired. The swelling in my eye had largely gone down. All I wanted now was to wind down with a smoke, and then crash into bed.
Dozily I wandered onto the porch to burn my cigarette down in the sunshine. For some reason it seemed to taste foul, dirty, but I persevered. It had been years since I relaxed without my faithful friend nicotine and I was not about to strike out on my own today. Still. If cigarettes even had a use-by date, I would say that this one had gone royally stale.
Heat sweltered in the air. As I walked and smoked, I inwardly made a note to run the butt under the tap when finished. In these conditions a fire would not just start, it would rampage. I was moving leisurely, not really concentrating on anything, and had made it only a few steps off the porch when something small and fast came falling through the air. Coming from the trees it sliced along a projected arc that terminated directly at my head.
An attacking magpie. One of the many that nested and carolled around the house. Certainly a species with a reputation but none had dared strike at me here before, safe in my own home. It was moving so fast that I could only see where it had been. Outraged and terrified in the same instant, I had no time to react.
A flash in my periphery alerted me to another moving object. Transfixed by the bird I could not turn my head but something bigger was coming from behind me. Something far bigger, grey in the early noon light and somehow moving even faster than the falling bird.
My muscles were tight in the precursor of a too-slow reaction but my mind raced ahead of time, calculating trajectory before it happened. Only three things moved in the entire universe. The black and white blur of the attacker, the grey blur, and the long unhurried ribbons of cigarette smoke.
They came together all at once. Milliseconds before the magpie would have crashed into my face Fenrir plunged through the smoke and intercepted it. The beast's jaws crunched into the bird's frail bones and his hot spittle sprayed across my face.
I blinked the gluey saliva from my eyes and raised a wondering hand to wipe it away. My fingers did not shake, I noted, although they probably should have. Time, that had seemed to freeze with me in my surprise, was broken with the magpie's spine and fell back into its ordinary limping pace. My heart finally had a chance to skip. I had felt the rush of air preceding the bird against my cheek.
Fenrir casually dropped the shrieking, spasming ball of feathers into the dry grass and grinned at me. The thirsty earth sucked at the bird. In greedy seconds its cries had ceased, and then it became dry bone, then ash.
Fenrir's grinning jowls were damp and red. I transferred my shock and confusion to the dog; how had he gotten so damn big? An adolescent animal with a proud wagging tail faced me now. He was already bigger than the Bitch, and far deeper in the chest.
What I least needed right now was an unwelcome distraction.
'Last one out's a rotten egg!' A woman's high voice called teasingly from somewhere out beyond the fence line, and rang in the trees. As though heralded by it, a cold flush spilled into the air and seized up the day, silencing the world's cogs with ice. Summer's busy rustling and the welling of sunlight through the scrub came to a halt. The long leaves overhead were stilled on their knotting branches, caught as the breeze had tossed them with the stationary light quickening their colour.
Once again only three things moved: myself this time, Fenrir, and the smoke of the hideous tasting cigarette. The big grey dog was as utterly unconcerned by the cold flush as by the mysterious intruding voice. He lowered his head to lick at a long feather, its colour crisply sectioned from tip to base in black, white and red.
Unlike Fenrir, I was far from calm. I quickly transmuted my fright into anger, useful anger. Unlike fear, anger could be employed. Exploration turned up no woman to explain the voice, but the fence yielded a red envelope spiked onto its strands. In lack of a post box I suppose it was the next best thing. I nipped it off.
The format was embarrassingly familiar. Sylvia had taken the trouble to set the letter out to resemble an email, which it obviously was not. Life imitating technology imitating stalking.
DON'T TRY TO FOOL YOURSELF
THAT MORNING ON THE BEACH
YOU LOOKED AT ME THE WAY
THAT I LOOK AT YOU.
'Stay the hell away from my home!' I yelled, although it was doubtful Sylvia lingered in earshot. 'Do you hear me? Keep! The hell! Away!'
No sign of her, although that did not mean much. Another frustrated drag on the cigarette had me choking and reeling – crap, that was disgusting. 'I like smoking, you whore,' I muttered, spinning on my heel to dash back inside. Muttonbird was still there on the table, solid and real. 'Do you hear me? I like smoking!'
After a futile attempt to smooth her tangled greasy hair I made a mental note to buy a hair straightener. Hell. Perhaps I ought to cut all of her hair right off. Cheered by the thought I placed my almost done cigarette between Muttonbird's parted lips. Their shape was funny like that. They never met properly in the middle, never sealed her mouth shut. Her lips were waiting by nature to accept something between them. Whore indeed!
'Go ahead, take a drag. You'll never know until you try. No? Are you sure? Ah well, suit yourself.' I flicked it away, then frowned. Had her hands been like that when I left her? 'Mum, have you moved this girl?'
I thought about that for a second. 'No, sorry. Of course you haven't.' The very idea was ridiculous. Muttonbird's flesh was hard and cold, it could not have been shifted from position by any force.
Slumped happily before the television I lit another cigarette, warmed by my minor defiance. But before it had burned one third of the way down I stopped and looked at it curiously. 'Oh hell.' I crushed it out. 'I was planning on quitting anyhow.'
The couch was sinfully comfortable. Oh so good; no sense in troubling myself with going to bed. For a while I closed my eyes and just drifted, sipping easily at the surface of sleep without bothering to gulp. What a busy day. Just to sit and do nothing was so amazingly peaceful, although once or twice I was faintly troubled by what sounded like howling coming from far away. Some animal somewhere was being tormented. Pity twitched vaguely in my dozing mind, although I was far too comfortable to actually do anything about it. I might never do anything again.
So why, when I opened my eyes, did I have Muttonbird's journal tucked neatly beneath one lax palm? 
I abruptly shot all the way awake. 'What are you doing here?'
As well as squeezed fingerprints, the cover now bore the imprint of Fenrir's teeth. He had not been too gentle when taking the book from my hands earlier; or perhaps he could not be. There seemed far too many sharp teeth in that dog's grinning mouth for one animal to command.
Apprehensively I cracked the pages just a little, ready to slam them shut at the first sign of, well … Anything. It was perhaps because of my caution that I remained fully myself, comatose on the couch. Gingerly, I then brought my eye to focus on the rounded, almost childish handwriting. I have discovered a new species …
'I have discovered a new species.' A voice that I had never heard do anything but struggle and scream. The girl, Muttonbird, paced out from behind me with slow definite movements. It did not seem at all important to her that the couch was set flush to the wall; space sagged when she approached the barrier and allowed her through. Without seeming to see her surroundings Muttonbird circled the couch and myself, reciting. A dream, it was a dream, it was a dream. It had to be.
The rags of skin improperly taped down fluttered as she moved. With the girl on her feet I could see the asymmetry of my surgery, not exactly a one hundred percent success. She enunciated each word very deliberately and might be lecturing or dictating for some unknown device. Perhaps drafting an article for a scientific magazine. Muttonbird stared through the ceiling as she paced but I stared at her, fascinated. I had never heard her speak before, not really. Despite a faint liquid lisp her voice owned all the authority that her face was lacking. In speaking, Muttonbird was forceful and assured.
'The creatures can be observed in their natural habitat: on trains, and other forms of public transport. That is where they exist in symbiosis with humanity itself. To accomplish this, they employ a unique camouflage so advanced that it will whip the zoological world into an utter frenzy. In fact, those viewing the animal remain wholly unaware that they are regarding a living thing at all.
'Gross anatomy. The body comprises multiple regular leafy extrusions, rectangular and flat, from a thin central stem. But now comes the incredible part.' Muttonbird clasped both hands behind her tailbone and there was that dark blue nail polish I had been unable to remove. My own hands, resting on the journal, sweated.
'These extrusions bear distinctive black and white markings, sometimes brighter and more glossy when the animal is in season. And the patterning without a doubt takes the shape of words! This cannot be accidental! Not only words at random, but sentences, concepts. And without realising, people all over the world pick them up to read. All over the world we are carelessly absorbing the stylings of these non-human creatures!'
Her voice shook with passionate conviction. 'What can their agenda be? Society itself is being insidiously influenced, nay, run by the opinions of these creatures that can have no more in sympathy with mankind than the common leech!'
Muttonbird stopped and for the first time stared directly at me, sending a cold thrill down my neck. I had gone from safe observer to participant. My lower intestine seemed to loosen until I was afraid that it might let go, but I could not look away from her eyes. 'They are manipulating us. They govern what we know, and therefore what we think, say and do. They tell us who we are.'
'Newspapers,' I answered her. Fear crunched in my voice like broken glass but other people are generally far less observant than you expect them to be. I might have sounded flippant enough to get by. 'Newspapers. Very amusing.'
Muttonbird's mouth continued to move but the soundtrack had been removed. Divest of communication, she began to fade away.
'No!' I lunged at her, and for a second my hands tingled as instead of grasping her they passed through air as thick as gelatine. Then she was gone.
I shuddered and wiped my palms on my leg. They still felt oddly slimy. 'Newspapers,' I repeated thoughtfully. What on earth was that about?
The newsagency in town, I discovered, was miraculously still trading, even with so many other small retailers succumbing to economic reality. But now that I had the urge to read a newspaper I found the selection too bewildering, a banquet for a starving man. Whose version of events did I want to choke down today? Or better yet, perhaps I should ask which demographic would I engage if I wanted to control the world using media? Business through broadsheet? Full colour, for popularity amongst the unwashed masses? Or perhaps quasi-intellectualism by way of Times New Roman, the group best equipped and yet least likely to see through the attempt.
Certainly not the local rag, the Jolly Fat Assed Postman or whatever it was called. I doubted the fascinating and heart rending quest for the tidiest schoolyard could rally the power to move nations. That left me with three most likely candidates. There was the Support National Everything option for forty-five cents; Unremitting Sensationalism for a dollar; or Self Righteous Political Ranting went for a buck fifty-five. Plus goods and services tax of course, just in case any small business had ten cents left to rub together at the end of the day.
Muttonbird was clearly insane. Giving up in disgust I flipped through a high gloss magazine instead. At least they were under no pretence of nothing but the truth – truthfully, they just wanted to sell magazines. Page one: international celebrities. Page two: local “celebrities”. Page three covered international disasters and what the celebrities thought of it all. Then for pagers four to thirty-odd, simply rinse and repeat.
Still, I could loosely claim the day was going well, until a delicate touch lit on my shoulder.
'Simon! How charming to see you here.' Sylvia managed to sound just like an Edwardian court reject: so frilly and breathy and charmed. At least today she was not naked. A pale lemon sleeveless summer dress floated languidly about her body, settling softly against a curve every now and again before drifting away. Too late I realised that I was staring, like some hormonal kid just discovering the difference between boy bits and girl bits. I was also caught out in the open with no good excuse to retreat.
Sylvia, smugly aware, took my hand. 'I think you should come with me.'
I did nothing to assist, and the clasp became an ungracious drag. 'Where to?' I demanded as I was towed along.
The old geezer manning the counter did not even register the unpaid magazine in my fist. As we exited I thought I saw a fly, a big iridescent blue and green blow fly, alight on his wrinkled brow without eliciting a twitch. It sucked greedily at his eyeball. Was everybody dead these days?
Not Sylvia, apparently. Out of the store's sheltering air conditioning I suddenly noticed how hot the day had become. Strangely though, the temperature spike radiated not from the atmosphere, but up my arm from the contact with Sylvia's bare skin. So long as we were touching she seemed to be able to exert some malign influence. Although I tugged, I was unable to reclaim my hand and the warm glow spread.
Poppycock. This was all some figment of my overtired imagination. It was ridiculous to imagine a simple creature like Sylvia could exhibit any special powers. After glancing about uncertainly she headed for a nearby picnic bench. How rustically romantic. I hung back. 'So what do you want?'
'Just stand still.' Sylvia finally dropped my hand. 'I just want to look at you, Simon. Nothing more terrible than that.'
And look she did. Sitting on the old wooden bench with her chin rested in one hand like an art critic, while I stood bemused before her scrutiny. I had been looked at plenty of times, all my life in fact; but rarely had it been on such direct and intimate terms. Never so much of a one on one setting. She studied me so intently that behind my glasses my poked eye began to throb guiltily.
From less than a meter away I could look back into Sylvia's face and see exactly how she perceived me; each nuance of expression reflecting something of myself. As if by her will I began putting together piece by piece what was going on in her mind. What Sylvia saw when looking at me was the same image of the Cold Room that I used during my (ahem) “lovemaking” with Celia!
A few minor details were out of course, as Sylvia had never actually been in the Cold Room. She had never seen me naked either, but triviality aside we nonetheless clearly shared a fantasy. Only, in Sylvia's imaginings it was her hands that touched me in the sacred air of the Cold Room, rather than pure caressing vapour. Sylvia's sun browned hands with their short fleshy fingernails. 'Simon,' the vision behind her avid eyes whispered.
'I …' I began but stopped, alarmed at a pained pressure in my chest. And when I had that under control I found that really I had nothing to say. The world around me had become unreal. It was in Sylvia's fantasy that I resided now.
Suffering from no such restriction Sylvia put her fingers to my cheek to solemnly feel the cut of my jaw. Bristles had never grown and she seemed intrigued by the softness, fingers re-tracing back and forth. Men half my age cut their beards back every morning. 'I've been looking for you since the day I was born,' she breathed, testing the texture of my hair. 'I was looking for something, and now I finally see what it is. It's in your face. In your …' When her fingers slipped below my collar I shook myself awake and pushed her hand away.
'Shall I come home with you?' she asked, undaunted.
'Don't,' I managed. Even to speak I had to wade through the thick air. 'Don't follow me.' Rather than meeting her inquiring stare I looked over her shoulder, and from here could see the sea down through the trees. Touched by sunlight it was in one of its more playful moods. Sylvia's eyes glittered at me with the same sparkling green, and their look took the marrow out of my bones. What had she done, infected me with something? I felt sick, and weak. I stumbled back from her on rubbery legs. 'Don't follow me!'
Compliantly, Sylvia sat watching my departure with those changeable sea eyes. Just watching. It were as though she could afford to wait. As though she confidently knew something I did not. Which seemed unlikely.
I barely made it back home, but even there I did not feel safe. Sylvia already knew where I lived. I traversed the house locking doors and windows, despite the need of a breeze to freshen the air, and the enclosed space immediately became hellish. Everywhere but in the Cold Room, of course, but in my current state of mind I did not feel quite game enough to go down and square off against Muttonbird.
Avoid one horror only to run right into the arms of the next. When I called the dogs to dinner I found the Bitch was pregnant again, as full as the moon. Fenrir bounced around my feet looking all too proud of himself.
'What the hell is wrong with you!' Fenrir's sensitive nostrils flared at the yelling and he looked up contemptuously with his very human eyes. I pressed on anyhow, refusing to be intimidated by this ghost coloured devil. 'She's your mother for crapsake! You don't do that with your mother, you don't even ever think about it! Stupid, gross, revolting beast ..!' Goaded by the dog's mocking face I raised my fist to strike him.
It was only because I was already looking that I saw Fenrir leave the ground this time. From a casual sit, the muscles sprang free like cut elastic. His front paws, one snowy white, came reaching out for my shoulders with their long blunt nails. Once again I had absolutely no time to move, only to observe and think. Time only to rue. I saw that his toenails were midnight black, except on that blighted paw which were all pink.
The hound hit me with all the force of a very large and aggravated carnivore. My tailbone rapped the floor and shouted outrage up my spine, but I was not overly inclined to heed at that exact moment, as I was staring directly into the far far back of Fenrir's throat.
Impossible, my brain insisted. This could not be happening. It was impossible for him to open his mouth wide enough to fit my entire head inside. Fenrir’s plaque lacquered canines pressed hotly to either side of my ears. Impossible. His long tongue, purple like his mother’s, lolled over my lips in an obscene kiss. Growling wet tonsils vibrated against my forehead.
We both kept very still. Fenrir’s mass and the threat of his teeth kept me down, and he held me there so that I could be absolutely crystal clear on our relative positions. Fighting to breathe, I inhaled the peculiar stinking whuff-whuff of dog breath, and struggled to keep the panic of where I was from spawning frantic, disastrous action. But I was wedged face first into an impossible, toothy cavern. Scars! No, no, no!
With a final huff Fenrir released me, and backed off to sit comfortably again as though nothing had happened. I, unable to stop myself, screamed. Fenrir laid back his ears and the Bitch whined anxiously but I could not stop screaming. The dog’s closed mouth revealed the truth: impossible, it was far too small. There was no way my head had gone in there.
‘Oh crap, oh crap …’ Fingers to my face I discovered I was whimpering, ‘… oh crap, oh crap …’ Barely under control, too afraid to know, those brave fingers nonetheless moved from my mouth and blindly explored my face, my skull, until I sagged with relief. Unmarked. He did not cut me. My voice tapered off pathetically until, breathing hard, I began to feel that I might have a grip again.
Scooting backward I felt a wall against my spine, and used it to get to my feet. Never once taking my eyes off Fenrir. The Bitch belatedly tried to support me, showing timid teeth to her son, but it was all too late. I knew it. Although no struggle had erupted, nor even a single pebble shifted on a mountainside, the balance of power had changed. Mastery went from man to monster in only a few moments.
There was dog slime across my face, viscous as snail leavings. It generously matted my hair into damp darkened spikes. In scraping the worst off with a sleeve I lingered on the cheek that Sylvia had touched. She had envisaged me in the Cold Room; but what did that mean? I had always assumed that the Cold Room had only made minor changes, had minor effects; but in light of Sylvia and looking at Fenrir’s black hole of a mouth I reconsidered.
Not to mention the Bitch. Her belly forced unnaturally out by a speedy and out of season pregnancy. Straining with stretchmarks, bulging at the kicks. What had the Cold Room done to her, that her stumpy tail and tragic eyes could not tell? And these were just a woman and a pair of animals – what might the Cold Room have done to me? 
Mum. The thought comforted me like none other could. Mum was down there. She would never let anything bad happen to me.
I desperately craved a cigarette to settle my nerves, but the memory of their bad taste steered me away from the fridge again. They tasted awful, and that was Muttonbird’s fault.
I ground my teeth. No! I was not about to let anybody control my life! Muttonbird was dead, dead, dead! Storming back to the fridge I grabbed my deck. One cigarette broke apart in my angry fingers. I was exaggeratedly careful with the next. The flame jittered as I lit up – hold still, damn you!
The first drag was like fire. ‘Shit!’ I spat the thing out, and was wrenched right over in a fit of coughing. To my feverish burning ears it sounded more like sick laughter and Fenrir, monstrous looming dog, laughed along too.
I snarled, threw my cigarette in his face and ran.
The Bitch scurried at my heels, frantic not to be left behind and without looking back the two of us bolted into the bathroom; the only room other than that downstairs with a lock. Fenrir might be above and beyond the canine norm, but the bastard was not about to sprout opposable thumbs. Score one for the primates.
Once the bathroom door stood safely secured the Bitch let out a sort of sigh. She flopped onto the tiles, and then groaned and rolled onto her side, panting. When I put a hand on her huge belly the skin felt hot and tight. Some secret furnace raged inside. I lingered there for a moment, petting her, and was puzzled to identify a gentle new feeling.
Pleasure. I felt pleasure; I was grateful to have somebody with me, even if it was this ugly fat dog. The poor Bitch. Judging by her size and the pummelling kicks from within she did not have long to go, and how many of these pups would live? Wiping my eyes, the wetness caught me by surprise. I had not recognised the upset building. So when the fullness of piercing sorrow came, it swept me under.
‘Oh.’ I scrubbed the back of a hand across my eyes. I was pretty sure that it was not really about the Bitch at all. Things had always been like this. I had felt this way my entire life. An emotion ever-present, but hiding sneakily away, waiting for me to discover it.
I was alone. There was nobody like me anywhere in the entire world. I was so incredibly, bitterly lonely.
‘I’m sorry girl.’ I fingered the Bitch’s ears, silky points, and she grunted and leaned into my touch. Her tired eyes closed. ‘I’m sorry I kept you in there for so long. A day or two of the Cold Room would’ve put you in your place, and that’s all I wanted to do, to show you who’s boss.’ Who is master, who is better. ‘I wanted to show you that things have to go my way.’
She seemed to understand – at least enough to realise how I was not to blame. The Bitch leaned heavily into my hands as though that great head of hers was too much, trusting me to hold her. To keep her safe. To stop Fenrir doing bad things to her ever again.
‘I’ll take care of you, girl. I will.’ As I stripped off to shower I tucked my discarded clothes around the dozing dog, surrounding her safe and warm with my scent.
Water began to hiss. If the Cold Room was the natural jewel of the house then this bathroom was the crown, my own shining achievement. I drew up the requirements for its construction myself. The entire room was essentially one giant, open shower. The water, hot now, never ran far before draining and giving up its steam to the air while at the same time cool vents prevented any of the room’s mirrors fogging over. The glass remained clear as a bell.
So very many mirrors. Even by my taste the bathroom had a funhouse extravagance. Mirrors floor to ceiling, exquisitely placed to allow me to observe myself performing the ritual of water from any and every conceivable angle. I had created a sacred place. A place of comfort where moisture met skin. Water forgave; it held without confining, cleansed without judgment. Water was gentle. It was like being loved.
Wrapped in the spray I approached a mirror, and dreamily touched fingertip to fingertip through the smooth silvered pane. Tiny auras frosted out around the connection. ‘Me,’ I whispered, quietly so as not to wake the Bitch. Then I touched my lips to the surface. ‘Look,’ I breathed to my reflection, confiding where nobody else could understand. ‘It’s better than a real kiss. It stays.’
Indeed I told the truth: the mark remained moist on the glass. ‘And look. It can be anywhere I want it to be.’ I moved easily, silent oiled joints changing my reflection’s position beneath the kiss. The Bitch grunted and rolled in her sleep.
As I posed, the gentle kiss on glass glanced over my stomach. It brushed shyly down the thin trail of fuzz leading down from my naval. But then it veered horribly off course, it slid lower and became centred about my one terrible flaw. Pinned me like a bug in a case so that I was caught and held, struggling helplessly to break free. There it was, the little pink scar in all of its awful glory. Framed and singled out so that it may as well be meters wide.
The contrast to the beautiful purity around it was sicking, a spot of rot on a glossy fruit before Adam’s teeth bit in, and as I turned to the other mirrors it was suddenly all around me. Pink scar tissue multiplied by reflection and refraction into hideous spreading colonies. Bunched and puckered as though I suffered tissue paper frail skin. To merely regard it made me nauseous.
No. Worse than nauseous. Virulently ill. And at the thought of having to touch that patch of malignancy, even just to bathe it …
I clutched myself, whimpering, but could not prevent the swelling that reversed up my throat. I turned out of the water’s spray, bending like a bow to keep my gut’s emission away. Bile burned from my mouth and nose to spatter wetly into the bathmat’s soggy fibres.
I gagged on the taste and was bizarrely glad I had never carpeted my house as Celia did her office. Vomit would be impossible to scrape out of shagpile. However the thought of Celia did not help my poor stomach at all, and as I turned to rinse my mouth the second wave began.
I desperately did not want to be sick anymore, but I could not help but continue, even when my knees gave way and dropped me painfully to the tile. Sweat broke out all over. My skin radiated, shockingly hot. By the time I finished it felt as though all of my lower plumbing had been stripped away.
One shaking hand managed to reach up weakly and twist off the hot tap. A sheet of freezing needles enveloped me. Naked and empty, I draped a wash cloth over the offending blemish and bowed my exhausted head under the heavy rain. Bitter cold plinked off my skull, and slicked my fringe down over my face. The heat in my skin gradually receded.
Lumpy organic matter, all expelled and rejected and no longer a part of me, swirled its way down the drain in lazy cyclonic clouds. I flinched pathetically at a touch on my hand. It was only the Bitch sympathetically pushing her dribbly cold nose into my palm. 
When I did not push her away she edged in next to me and quivered her tail sadly. The cold water ruffled her fur into doggy stinking spikes. Dirt and leaves, washed from her coat, spread around the two of us in a muddy pool. Petting the Bitch, I noted her musty smell coming off on my hands but found that I did not really mind.
Only Skin
Seven
Concrete Fantasies
For the first time I found myself both a stranger and intruder in my own home. Instead of being a God I now skulked through its rooms like a nervous ghost. I jumped at every noise, checked doorways before I passed. There was a new alpha male in residence. Fenrir’s scent lingered everywhere in shed hair and urine. Although he had saved my face from the magpie, I knew he could just as casually ruin it himself with a snap of those oversized jaws on the premise of being irritable, hungry, or just plain bored.
Still, I was unwilling to relinquish my house entire. Whenever Fenrir went out I rebelliously set to scrubbing each scent marked corner and chair with a rag that stank all the more of cleaning chemicals. It was not until later that I remembered how the same cloth had ended Muttonbird’s life in a fountain of nose blood. Now the house was filled with the ugly girl’s last expiring breath, ingrained into the walls and furnishings.
At least I was not alone in my dispossessed wandering. The Bitch trailed me everywhere with a simple, almost idiot faith. Wherever I looked, her sad worshipful eyes followed. Whenever I put my hand down I found her blunt skull under it.
After a few rounds of irritated shoving (at which she would return adoringly; I love you, I love you) I learned to take a strange pleasure in her company. It was a novelty to actually want somebody nearby and, ugly as she was, at least I garnered an ally against her son.
As for the son himself, Fenrir’s rapid development failed to take him into decline as I had desperately hoped. Instead he rode the wave up to its crest and hung suspended there, in his prime, a magnificent beast to behold. Although I was no longer feeding him he throve independently on what my land could provide; some beastie’s despairing shriek often woke me sweating in the night.
Come morning the heads of such prey were left on the porch in mocking tribute, and I had to put on shoes in order to kick them away into the grass. Distasteful soccer balls rolling and flapping and bouncing. A dash of fear flavoured my pity for the critters as I watched them go. The poor little bird’s bright eye; the rabbit’s denuded, earless head; even the kangaroo’s idiot face smacked of my own mortality. Should Fenrir get me then who would come to kick my head into the weeds, mouth and eyes staring wide?
Hell. Listening to my own thoughts, I resolved to stay away from Muttonbird’s journal for good – it was making me morbid. Something strange was happening and although I did not quite understand, surely nothing good would come of that awful girl being stirred up any more. She was restless. I could almost feel her watching me everywhere I went. Omnipotence was not such a bad accomplishment for a dead girl.
However, as religiously as I avoided her words I found myself examining Muttonbird’s dead shell at every opportunity. Searching for something, anything out of the ordinary. Those simultaneously pinched and flabby features, if not tolerable, became at least familiar. My frustrated fingers found her flesh hard and cold and without clues.
What was it about her? How was she managing to do … whatever it was she was doing? It was not until I found myself standing in the Cold Room in the dead middle of the night, exhausted but still stubbornly trying to comb her hair straight with my fingers, that I realised I might be taking this all just a teensie bit too far. Reasonable investigation was one thing, but come the end of the day what had I found? Squat. There was simply no revelation here, no deviation from the common herd at all. Muttonbird was simply a girl.
Just a girl. But when I walked into the lounge, on the lookout for Fenrir as usual, my stomach seemed to drop into my leaden groin and I stopped. Stared. Then I took three or four steps back. The perspective was necessary to take in the magnitude of what I was seeing. Streaks, lurid red lines screamed across the walls. Continuous over furniture or bookshelves where they encountered them, even across the face of the television.
Blood? I touched a finger to one thick mark and it came away greasy. Nothing so melodramatic. In fact, why was everybody’s first assumption “blood” when seeing red, as if that’s the most reasonable conclusion to jump to? The empty lipstick tube was rolled into a corner. The last blots of prim red had been scooped out with a finger, and sticky prints covered the plastic. I picked up Mum’s lipstick. From touching it my own hands were soon covered.
It was writing that circled the room, you really had to back away to read it. Words in the same great looping childish letters that filled Muttonbird’s journal. Running as it did over so many obstacles the message took me a moment to decipher.
Afraid of Monsters, humanity
Swallowed their sins
And became Monstrous.
What did she mean, monsters?
‘Monstrous,’ Muttonbird chuckled out of the empty air, making the hair thrill on the back of my neck. ‘Swallow. Choke on it.’
‘Where are you?’ I yelled hoarsely. The stress in my voice made the Bitch snarl. The dog’s distress steadied me and I put a soothing hand on her bristling ruff. ‘Easy, girl. If Muttonbird won’t come out and face us she’s not worth the fight. She’s dead. Now, let’s go get you some chow.’ I ruffled her fur. ‘Don’t forget, you’re eating for … well, several, now.’ She looked up with stricken eyes as though she had understood what I said.
No more bagged dry food for the Bitch. Not for my dog. I cooked lavishly for the both of us, filling the beach house with the warm friendly smell of frying garlic and onion. Once the bolognaise was happily on the simmer, I had a go at cleaning the word infestation off the lounge room.
It had to be bloody lipstick, didn’t it? (bloody – ha ha). Any effort to scrub the odious stuff only smeared it around. The best I was accomplishing was to make the letters sort of blurred and sticky around the edges. For a phenomenon that, mind you, might not even really be there, it was a right sod to clean off.
The television flickered beneath the looping line of an “e”. ‘Eat your own!’ I spat disgustedly. Then Muttonbird acted, and I had not even opened the journal!
Disembodied fingernails dug into my arms from behind, and with incredible strength she yanked me backwards. My feet never left the ground but I felt the sensation of flying back, of falling as fast as I had in my dark bedroom with the walls racing away from me. I cried out in fear …
… And stopped. I was no longer in the lounge room. Indeed, I was no longer in the house, and it was late. Very late into the night. I stood in the front yard.
The world was deadly quiet. When I looked up I blanched, for the moon was nothing more than a giant arcing streetlight that shed yellow tears of exhausted luminescence. Miniscule black dots like gnats darted about its face, but it was so far away I got the impression they were actually immense. The size of planets, or constellations. Vast and distant Gods.
‘What?’ My voice was like a door slammed in the silence. Besides, I did not really need to ask; my path was set out for me, all the way back to the front door where I must have emerged. The way was marked by twin lines of small decapitated animal heads mounted on poles. Their bright eyes glittered inanely in the wasted glow.
Walking between their ranks I suppressed the urge to turn, sure that those I had passed were swivelling on their sticks to watch me blindly. The old boards of the porch mumbled beneath my weight. The house’s front door stood open in silent invitation (step into my parlour).
There were no animal heads in here. Inside, my runway consisted of sticks, dried leaves, cicada husks, dirt. Fragments of the outside world scattered indoors like confetti. I knelt to sift some of the underfoot debris through my fingers and it rattled dryly, the first real sound since my voice. The hallway stank faintly of sour old urine.
As I passed the kitchen I saw the stove encased by an old encrusted lava flow of brown spaghetti sauce. The flies embedded in it were dead, and long decayed away within their shells. The trail, of course, led me to the stairs. Down, to the entrance to the Cold Room. This was Muttonbird’s show. The Cold Room was where she would be lurking, like a squatting toad or a troll in a hole.
I paused, listening. Was any breath being drawn down there? I expected a premonition of evil, some oppression to make my blood run cold but this was merely an empty, long abandoned house. My house, my quiet night time house, needing its hallway swept and the stove cleaned.
Down I went. The descent seemed to stretch forever. There were too many steps, far too many. Kilometres of steps. I began to lean against the wall, huffing for breath. My calves twanged warningly and then began to stiffen into concrete.
Just as I was wondering if I would arrive in hell (which would be a relief, if only to arrive somewhere), I reached rock bottom. I opened the door to the Cold Room, and it turned out I was correct. This was the door to hell.
Muttonbird stood waiting for me, blocking my entrance with her naked body and outstretched arms. As I looked into her face, framed by kinked black hair, I felt my guts twist. While her hands gestured me into an embrace those vague blue eyes snarled hatefully. Her lips pulled back from square teeth, vengeful fire in her aspect. Nevertheless I stepped forward into the Cold Room and into Muttonbird’s reach.
The girl’s arms went gently around me. Her head nestled beneath my chin. Over her floof of hair I finally saw into the Cold Room beyond. ‘Aaa ..!’ I could not immediately identify the strangled sound as my own. Some savage captive in my chest was being tortured, its cramped airless cries broke through my lips.
One shove sent Muttonbird careening away, but no action of mine could repair the desecration. The Cold Room’s other two inhabitants had been granted the decay long denied them.
Mum.
Having pulled through his restraints, Wheelchair guy lay tumbled before Mum’s chair like a primal sacrifice. Mum sagged in her seat above him but she was not Mum anymore. Her visage was crumpled in and erased. She had been made meat, nothing but rotten empty meat and gone from me forever. In some places leaking flesh was indistinguishable from clothing.
Muttonbird was back on her feet, thick lips shaping a spiteful laugh that I could not hear. The girl scraped the matted drift of hair back from her face with one blue nailed hand and her throat fairly convulsed with hilarity. Her eyes locked on to mine and bore into them. My pulse roared in my ears like a hot tide.
I trembled, ducked my head, feinted, but could not break the visual conduit. Without moving one millimetre I felt drawn toward her, stretched like a molten thread of glass. Small pieces of me were being sucked off into her like snacks which she tasted, savoured. I wanted to faint, but that would mean falling toward her and being all slurped up.
It was happening anyhow. Panicking slowly in an underwater way I began to sink into a woolly blue haze. Muttonbird was slowly invading my body, much as I had inhabited hers by way of her journal. 
Blue eyes? There were no eyes. I blinked; my brain registered that I was not looking at a dead girl, but at the far wall. Muttonbird had vanished. And that blank, blank nothing was where the door had been.
Where did she go? Was she in me? I ran my hands quickly across my body expecting to find her breasts, her fat, but all was normal. My dick? Oh thank heaven; everything was still there. Except for the door. No door, only walls. I turned, and turned in faster dizzying circles seeking the exit, but there was none. Only walls. A sealed brick box. In it I was a spinning carousel, turning.
I was to be shut in with these sad corpses forever until their blight touched my beautiful body and I began to shrivel, too. The crawling sensation in my skin could be the first pangs of it. My chest hitched in to scream … but, an alien thought sliced cleanly through my panic this is not exactly what you could call real. Which was correct. As the Cold Room clarified, my intended scream became a startled yelp.
Everything in the Cold Room was exactly as it should be. Even Muttonbird lay in state, although after a quick glance to assure myself of the fact my eyes shied studiously away. To risk more bizzarity might well send me into hysterics. Actually “hysteria” was being modest; I was anticipating a no holds barred screaming tantrum that would likely last a very, very long time.
So did I sleepwalk down here, was that it? My body felt flushed and damp with sweat, aching in the joints the way it would following a doozy of a nightmare. All except for where Muttonbird had rested against me. Any flesh she had touched was pale, chill and dappled with gooseflesh.
The important thing, the only important thing was that Mum was alright. She had not left me. I gently touched her cheek to be sure and imagined a baby stirring sleepily at such a light caress. I sighed, fighting down a sudden surge of longing. ‘I had the most terrible dream, Mum. But I think … I think I’ve woken up now.’
Mum’s face was made up as it had always been, to conceal rather than emphasize emotion. I had no idea what she was thinking, and she did not respond.
The Bitch, curious and uneasy at being out of my sight for so long, had dared to slink halfway down the stairs before remembered terror of the Cold Room stopped her. She whined unhappily, unable to climb or descend. For all her adoration she could not offer me an answer, either.
My lips were trembling ridiculously. I clamped down on them with all the force of my iron, inescapable will. Loneliness was pointless; I had never needed anyone before, and had no reason to start now. It was in the nature of perfection to be a self contained thing.
I had never felt colourless and empty, hollowed out and needing to be filled. I had never felt tired and old and used up. And I had especially never felt that the price of being above the rest of humanity might be too high. Never! I started talking to distract myself from such morbid reflection. Slowly at first, but the words soon quickened anxiously.
‘Isn’t this a good idea, Mum? I was very clever to bring you here, you know, to find us a safe place where nobody else can get to you. You know, we really ought to start spending some more time together. Like … like a picnic.’ My mind seized on the idea. ‘Yeah, a picnic, just like we used to do when I was little. I can get a flask, and some chips, and a picnic rug in that same plaid pattern, and … and …’
My voice escaped control and suddenly I was kneeling to lay my head in Mum’s lap, stroking her dress. ‘Please answer me.’ The Cold Room’s floor burnt me through the fabric of my pants. ‘I want to hear you say something. Say anything! Tell me what to do; I don’t know what to do. Please tell me you still love me?’
The pathetic little plea fell on frozen solid eardrums that could not vibrate in sympathy to the sound. Mum could not hear me. I pressed my face into her skirt so that it soaked up the excess moisture from my eyes. Imagined I could feel Mum’s caressing hand in my hair. Pretended to hear her familiar voice. And I found that fantasy was not nearly enough. Hot fluid squeezed beneath my eyelids. ‘Please talk to me.’
Of course Mum said nothing. The Bitch whined fretfully again on the stairs. Upstairs the pasta sauce was boiling over on the stove, vital and red and smelling of beef. Mechanically I dealt with it and fed the Bitch, although my own appetite had well and truly gone.
The house mirrors gave me back a face faded almost grey from stress, the skin around my eyes drawn painfully. A quick trip to Mum’s makeup kit amended the faults. I had to be careful in colouring a little more life back, oh so very careful because my fingers were seized by an insane urge to paint me up just like Mum and Muttonbird. I resolutely stuck to the basics and then put the cosmetics away.
Massaging my temples brought little relief. I needed to get out of here! If that meant I would arrive early to work for a change then things just couldn’t be helped; better timely than barking mad. My bag, so recently unpacked (was it really that recently?), came out to be stuffed again.  I threw in socks, shirts, underpants – and almost put Muttonbird’s journal in as well.
‘No.’ I stared at my hand, acting entirely without consultation from upstairs, then clenched the traitorous appendage. ‘Not a chance. No way.’ Hot anger flushed away confusion. ‘No!’ I flung the journal across the room with all the hysterical force I had.
The cheap cover tore free mid-flight and in two pieces it hit the wall, crunched into the plaster as though into a wall of toothpaste, and lodged there. Outside, Fenrir howled. ‘Oh no.’ Filled with foreboding I threw the rest of my things into the bag and fairly ran from the room. Oh no oh no. I had to get out as soon as possible.
Fleeing, I was stopped by the Bitch standing blocking the hall. Seeing her sent a shock of remorse down my craven spine. The comfort of her following eyes over the past few days had become invaluable, the touch of her cold nose, indispensable. But still my legs trembled to run away.
‘Hey girl.’ I hunkered down to hold out my hand and she came obediently. But her eyes saw the bag and were accusing. She blocked my way. ‘Oh come on. I’d love to take you with me, but my flat is a shoebox; and I can’t take you to work.’ The Bitch’s quiet soul shone at me out of her moist eyes: cram me in a box, stuff me in a bag, I don’t care.
She did not understand; she only knew that I was leaving her. My guilt kept me babbling. ‘I know I said I’d take care of you, and I am damn it. I have to work to keep us in this house. I can’t be here for you every second of the day, no matter what I said!’ My tone was rising and I edged around her.
‘I mean look at you! I’ve done the best I can, and that’s a lot to deal with right now. You should be thanking me for what I’m doing! It’s not like you even deserve to look at me that way anyhow, not after what you did with your own son …’ The Bitch’s tail and ears wilted. The shine went out of her face.
‘Oh hell I’m sorry baby, I’m sorry.’ I got down on my knees, dropping my bag, and cradled her unresisting head. ‘I didn’t mean that. I know it’s not your fault sweetheart. It’ll be ok, I promise, I won’t be gone long. And Fenrir hasn’t come inside for a long time now, has he?’
She flinched at the sound of his name. I was sorry, I really was; but I was still nervous and itching to leave. ‘I bet he’ll stay out while I’m gone, too. No defenceless wildlife for him to munch inside. Look, I’ve left you plenty of food. You’ll be fine until I get back, and then we’ll be together again.’
The Bitch wagged her tail once, slowly, to please me. I smiled, ruffling her ears. ‘That’s my girl. How about we go walkies when I get back, hey? Down to the beach? I can sic you on that Sylvia woman; that’d be fun, won’t it?’ Because I had smiled when she did it, the Bitch continued to wag her tail even as I walked out the door.
Whatever Fenrir thought regarding my departure he felt no need to share. All the way as I walked to the fence the dog stayed nearby, but did not show himself. He was no more than a crackling footfall. Sometimes ahead, sometimes behind, but always out of sight. The hidden presence made the hair on my body stand on end and my shoulders hunched defensively lower; expecting any moment the snarl, the leap, and the tearing of sharp canines.
Despite these misgivings I made it safely to the train station. I was, of course, not the only one to be boarding at this odd hour. The suburban equivalent of greasy juvenile delinquents yawned and scratched themselves lethargically, but as was customary for anyone beyond such a useless age bracket I ignored them. It was not difficult. From past waits, I had heard all of their nattering stories before. Tales of joyrides in cars whose suspension would never be the same again, street signs stolen from construction sites and the nearby naval base, and somebody named Cheryl whose breasts seemed to be something of a local legend. As a general rule these kids were not dangerous, much as they tried to look it.
It was a long, long train ride. The windows could only manage to be faint, tired mirrors today but nonetheless I rather unwillingly took my sunglasses off to study my face. What on earth did Muttonbird see there that she hated so much? There was nothing to hate: my features were a balm to the eye. And yet she, so gawkishly ugly you would think she should be starving for beauty, refused to be soothed. Never mind that the girl’s washy blue eyes always went to my face! She never so much as glanced down at my body, shunning that glimpse of paradise, like a sinner turning their face from redemption. She was unbelievable!
At least my reflected image was still relaxing to me. I watched myself watching myself, and by degrees stilled the storm inside. Became profoundly calm to match the outward semblance, in what was practically a form of self-hypnosis.
Eventually my dreamy eyes cast free from their mooring and began to wander vaguely around the train carriage. We were drawing into the city’s outskirts, made up of houses shy and nervous to take the plunge into apartment blocks; reluctant to surrender their gardens, however tiny, for balconies and regulated parkland. Avenues of foreign European trees, pale green and vivacious. Nobody, no matter how patriotic, ever planted natives along the road; too apt to drop their limbs and squash somebody.
We passed through. The rubber seal on the train’s doors was not quite intact and I could smell the cool city streaming in. The air was clean and sharp, it must have rained overnight and a few stray newspaper pages danced and fluttered about the carpet, skittering in the draft like living creatures. Intercom beeping, we slid into a station, and as the doors opened the outside world inhaled and sucked the atmosphere from the carriage. The word LOOK flashed at me in black and white as one page rolled out the door.
Oh how nice, I thought vaguely, and followed. Out on the platform the newspaper page was nowhere to be seen. The only place it could have gone was down. Under the train’s shiny sharp metal wheels. I, still beaming emptily, was just hanging down off the edge of the platform to look when a stranger’s voice screamed, ‘Hey! Look out!’
Startled, I jerked up just as the carriage lurched forward. Crapcrapcrap! The calm state terminated abruptly, flicked off like a switch and I scrambled backward on my butt, for once uncaring about dignity, my eyes now fixed in horrified fascination on the churning accelerating mass of metal. Oh yeah, any hint of dream state had vanished, replaced by mere centimetres of clearance. Pounds per square inch. Yes, some part of me had heard the train’s warning beeps. Heard, but ignored them. They just had not seemed important.
A cranial amputation was not about to solve all my problems.
Self conscious again I got to my feet and brushed myself down. My heart still pattered, frightened as hell, rationality was no comfort. What had I been thinking? Headless, heedless. Decapitated. If it were not for the stranger bothering to yell out I would have been well and truly mangled. Who had it been?
I roved slowly among the confusion of city people waiting on the platform but none looked the saviour type. One generic mess of suits, ties and oily haircuts; an essay on how class and style is beyond a credit card’s reach. They were not even looking at each other, let alone me. They were just on their way to work and that was all they wanted, to get to work unmolested.
Without conscious direction I had begun to glare. Had I seen myself from outside I would have been disturbed to recognise Muttonbird’s trademark trait there, her direct challenging stare. From her, it would have made the crowd look away. With such a face the girl must have been a virtuoso at turning people aside. But my world was a very different place.
There is some instinctual prickle to being stared at, the people could sense my regard even through my sunglasses and a veritable rainbow of eye colours rose to meet the challenge. From black through to grey-green, with makeup or without, set in resilient youthful skin or nesting in webs of decaying wrinkles. Vague, glazed or paranoid. Suddenly alarmed, I snapped my head away from them. There were too many, far too many, and I felt that despite my protection too many were seeing the secrets of my eyes.
Certain events shape a person’s life. They burst into everyday existence to roll irresistibly over everything like a natural disaster, a bogeyman exploding from the depths of your safe and ordinary closet. They strike at your innermost point where you had believed yourself most safely guarded.
‘Hey!’ A voice called, a very familiar one. I caught a glimpse of the speaker shoving through the crowd. ‘Hey!’ A thousand shades of sea green came to mind. Of sun golden skin. Her eyes.
I turned and began pushing a path away; at another shout I sped up to a run. Curious faces turned to look. It was painful when my ankle twisted, but I would never know what the obstruction had been or have time to investigate. Perhaps somebody even stuck out their foot. Whatever the cause, as I fell I caught the smirk on the crowd’s knowing faces. This is what you get. My hands came up reflexively, frantically, to protect my nose.
Nobody offered to help. Folk in the city do not get involved; the river of people simply parted around me and continued on their way. I was left alone lying full length among the chip packets and discarded cigarette butts. Staring at the broken pieces, now useless in my hand, of what had been my sunglasses. My shield.
Only Skin
Eight
Feverish
‘Sir?’ I flinched visibly as the sound of Greasy’s voice rolled and reverberated around the lobby.
I had been panting mindlessly up at the ceiling ever since the doors slid shut on all of those horrible, horrible people with their darting, seeking eyes. Eyes that greedily peeled my skin away, looking for the sustenance inside. Looking.
It felt like I had been standing there kneading my scalp for centuries, although in truth the doors had closed only seconds before Greasy spoke up. Blinded by relief, I had forgotten he ever existed and now had absolutely no idea what he might want.
‘Sir?’ Something about my stare as I turned it on him startled Greasy and he fumbled his lines, temporarily as much at a loss as I. ‘You … your identification … sir.’
‘My what?’
‘Identification,’ he repeated more strongly. Apparently this was all some new ploy of mine – he threw himself into the role accordingly. ‘Nobody enters the building without it.’
‘Of course, my ID.’ Suddenly everything was blessedly ordinary. The surreal present rolled back, and I slipped back into normality, remembering with a smirk just what our exchange was all about.
But then my fingers reached my pocket and the blood rushed back out of my face. The storm swept back in. ‘I don’t have it,’ I said stupidly. An invisible airplane toilet ten thousand kilometres up opened under me and sucked my stomach away. ‘I came straight here. I haven’t been to my flat to get it.’
The genetic detritus across the desk from me blinked, then began a slow burn of victory. ‘What was that sir?’
He made me repeat it. ‘I said, I don’t have the card. Do not have it. Don’t.’
‘Well I’m afraid that’s very unfortunate.’ Greasy practically shrieked with glee, his dull eyes all aglow. ‘Very unfortunate indeed. You see, security guidelines state very clearly that I can’t allow anybody entry to the building ‘less they can prove their business here. It’s security, sir.’
Behind me, a courier with a large box wrapped in unmarked brown paper tripped merrily across the lobby and into the lift. I was pretty sure that the box was ticking. Greasy’s eyes barely flickered. I could picture this officious little stain coated in ice, his malicious grin frozen solid but no matter how hard I willed it to come, strained, the cold flushes did not work like that. ‘Call the boss, then. She’ll ok me.’
Greasy tried to hide his smirk in his moustache. ‘The phones aren’t working sir.’
‘They’re not, huh?’ Sure they weren’t. ‘So what you’re saying is you won’t let me in.’
‘That’s correct.’
‘Even though I’ve worked here for ages.’
‘Yes.’
‘Because of a guideline.’
‘I could get the manual for you.’
‘You can’t talk to me like that! I’m not just anybody you know!’ What had tolled ominously in my head came out sounding frail and, well … silly.
‘Is that right … sir.’
‘Now you listen to me –‘ My eyes lit on his nametag, seeking something personal to hit him with, ‘– William …’ We both stopped and stared at each other. I said it again, ‘William.’ Greasy had a name. It was right there on his badge, SECURITY OFFICER WILLIAM SHEP. William Shep had a name.
William’s scabby brows drew down. I must have looked ghastly. I felt it, all sick and queasy as though I had just hurt myself. William Shep, right there on his nametag. As clear as day. Williamwilliamwilliam.
With numb fingers I dropped my splintered sunglasses onto William’s desk. As I retreated back out onto the street I saw the other man pick them up wonderingly. Divining for meaning. All the way to my flat and back again my head dipped feebly about on my neck as though blown around by the regard of others. I tried to avoid the eyes of the crowd. Neurons in my brain popped and chattered frenetically.
Not Greasy, but William. William Shep. William was a person – not much of a person, nasty and diminutive, but a person nonetheless. He was more than a cardboard cut-out obstruction. Somehow I could not quite make myself believe it, I could not accept him. Not him. He was the final straw.
Somebody was awaiting my return, in the shadow of the marble façade. Sylvia. In casual cream with a matching broad brimmed hat; an exotic transplant from more civilised climes. So cool and calm that she ought to have been strolling springtime away in Paris or Venice, not a sweltering pig-heat summer in this corporate backwater. I almost broke out in hysterics.
Taking those big glasses from her sculptured cheekbones Sylvia sauntered forward. ‘Heading into work? Dressed a little casually, aren’t we?’ Then the aura of my distress enveloped her, cutting short whatever cleverness she had planned. Her eyes widened. Soft lips parted, then pressed together in consternation. ‘Simon?’
‘Sylvia.’ I shuddered. More damn people, more damn names. ‘I can’t talk right now. I really have to get past … William Shep.’
‘William.’ She rolled the name in her mouth. ‘Is he really so fearsome?’
I liked the way that she pronounced his name. Sylvia separated out each syllable, dissected away at it until the parts became divorced of meaning. A verbal reply to her question was not necessary; I wore my response like a hair shirt.
‘Well, then.’ She held out her arm imperiously. ‘You shan’t go alone. Escort me.’
Like a queen secure on the arm of her lord, Sylvia swanned in grandly. Her imperious eye settled on the unfortunate William Shep. William’s abused chair squealed as he got to his feet with blubbery lips unclosed, but I tossed him my ID card. My fingers shook. It was not a good throw but accurate enough. The card interrupted any inanity he had ready as it bounced off his chest.
‘Why!’ Sylvia exclaimed, all sugar and spice. She leaned across the desk as though discovering an interesting bug to squish. ‘He’s just a fat little man!’
The phone by William’s elbow rang. And again, urgently. My eyes were drawn to it, to the little flashing fairy lights on the front as the whole switchboard lit up. ‘Aren’t you going to answer that?’ The miraculous, self-repairing phone.
I could not bring myself to raise my vision as high as William’s eyes, but what I had was adequate. I could see his slack, gaping mouth and the name tag pinned above a cheap cotton pocket, behind which peeped his areola like a rising moon through mist. I was not at all surprised to find that the name tag was now a complete blank. After all, I no longer needed the prompting. William Shep’s name was branded permanently into both my sizzling frontal lobes.
Fascinated with this unorthodox glimpse into my working world, Sylvia tagged along. As the lift doors closed behind us she began to giggle. ‘Isn’t that painting in the lobby positively awful? And the sheer size of it!’
‘I hear it’s supposed to be an angel.’
‘More like a smurf and a banana in a high speed collision. The Aryan eyes look right, but I don’t remember any of the angels having crazy fuzzy hair in Sunday school.’
I found that I was breathing heavily, and there was no hiding it. Every whisper and squeak resounded as though we were sealed in a can – conspicuously loud, and not at all reassuring. I could see Sylvia’s reflection, she kept sliding worried sideways glances at me. Perhaps she thought I looked dangerous, in which case she had a right to be worried. A desperate man was liable to do anything, wasn’t he? But instead of retreating she gamely threaded her arm through mine and held her ground.
I did not feel like a dangerous man. Desperation was motivating me; no, what I felt was brittle and frail, like a hollow ice figurine. Even the slight motion of the lift brought nausea. What was going wrong with my world? I felt that control was slipping away, I was slipping sideways and losing my grip.
I swallowed grimly and forged my way between the lift doors the moment they began to open. Sylvia followed at a more sedate pace. I barely made it to my desk before the intercom crackled. ‘Simon? I would like to see you immediately.’
Typical. Bad luck does not come in threes. It comes in avalanches, that smash down and bury you. From behind me one of Sylvia’s cool hands came up tentatively to touch the hot pulsing skin of my forehead. Women were savvy like that: something in Celia’s tone, something not masked even by the poor quality speaker, had set off the territorial warning bells in Sylvia’s golden head.
‘Come on.’ I patted Sylvia’s other hand. ‘Do you want to meet my boss?’ She looked suitably gratified, and I had to suppress a ridiculous jag of laughter at the prospect of these two in vicinity together. Nobody else in the office noticed as Sylvia and I entered Celia’s darkened, muffled world; and they did so pointedly. They were paid not to.
‘Simon.’ If Celia felt surprised to receive extra company she was smoothly unwilling to show weakness. She advanced from the couches with the relaxed steel of a hostile cat. ‘How nice. I didn’t remember it was bring a friend day.’ Smoothly tanned Sylvia bared a slick cream smile in return. All the information that would ever need to pass between these two had been communicated.
‘Celia, this is Sylvia, and vice versa.’ I hardly know why I bothered, I had become largely extraneous. When their right hands met coolly, I half expected the building’s foundations to crack and boom. Two sets of mascara’d eyes snapped fire. It were as though they scented coitus in the air. Both women wore their biggest and best smiles of urbane malice, Cheshire grins spreading wider every second. Were they going to chomp bites from each other? It really looked like they would, what else could those nasty-friendly mouths be intended for?
‘I understand you are a private acquaintance of Simon’s?’ Years of board meetings had drilled Celia in the importance of initiative.
‘Yes, and I understand you’re his boss. I wouldn’t have imagined many men would enjoy working under a woman.’
‘On the contrary, Simon excels under me. We are all extremely proud of the long hard hours he puts in, always willing to push himself above and beyond, that’s our Simon.’
‘It does sound a little tedious, though: the same tired old four walls day in and day out.’
‘Well you know how working guys are, when there’s not much to go home to.’ Celia’s perfectly sculpted teeth parted, and I thought deliriously here it comes! She is going to bite a chunk off Sylvia! Right out of the side of her head. She will grab her hair, yank her down and sink the pearly whites in. ‘Now I’m afraid I’ll have to ask you to excuse us. Simon and I have some briefs to go through. Perhaps you might be more comfortable waiting in the visitor’s lounge down in the lobby. I promise you can have him back after I’m done.’
I almost asked “lounge?” and ruined the whole thing, but Sylvia was already smiling graciously and withdrawing from the field as though it were so very below her to compete. Dispute was something that outer-suburban trash did, the sort of girl terrified they could not get any other man. I was bemused: between women you can never tell which side drew victory and which the loss.
One of Sylvia’s soft fingers tapped the back of my hand in passing, sending a shock up my arm. ‘I’ll catch up with you later, Simon. Tiresome duty first, then pleasure I suppose.’
As soon as the door shut behind her Celia burst out laughing wickedly at my confusion. ‘Of course there’s no lounge in the lobby. You’re later than usual today. Perhaps some extra duties might be in order.’ I put her hand from my chest so that she could not detect my thudding heart. Her eyes narrowed. ‘It isn’t your little friend, is it? I can’t condone allowing your home life to interfere with your job, Simon. It shows a poor work ethic.’
At least my snort of derision did not need to be feigned. ‘No, not her. She’s just some woman who follows me around.’ I dropped onto the couch to wait for my spinning head to clear. It was warm in here, and hard to think.
‘Are you sure?’
‘Positive. I’ve just had a bad morning.’
‘What happened?’ The darkness was kind to Celia, cloaking many deficiencies but it could not hide the selfish petulance of her voice. What could possibly have made me keep her waiting?
‘It was the front desk guy.’ William Shep, I wanted to scream at her, his bloody name is William! But Celia would neither understand nor care. ‘He refused to let me in this morning. I had to go back home for my ID card. That’s when I picked up Sylvia as a hanger-on.’
Celia’s lips twitched in an unlovely grimace of irritation and she headed for her desk, a woman on a mission. I was too busy tending my unhappy head to pay much attention to what she said on the phone, but all languorous posturing had been stripped from her tone so she likely wasn’t ordering pizza.
Re-entering my field of vision, she stepped back into existence again. ‘There, my fine young man. Everything is fixed, only ask and it shall be granted. Even as we speak, the front desk guy is packing up his crap and departing my employment.’
My mind felt too full of Swiss cheese holes to understand, and I could not remember asking for anything at all. Perhaps William Shep had a life that would be ruined by losing his job. He might be angry, and lying in wait for me. Maybe he would cease to exist the moment he left the building. I did not feel very well.
Fortuitously, Celia was too wrapped up in her power girl posturing to note my failure to feed her ego. ‘I hope you’re ready to put on quite a show today,’ she cooed, unbuttoning my shirt hungrily. ‘After last Friday … and then the entire long weekend without you …’ Somehow she managed to straddle my hips on a sofa built for one. With me at full stretch she ran her fingers along my ribs as though caressing piano keys, tapping out a secret tactile music that only she could hear.
If having Celia perched on me was awkward, then watching her struggle from her underwear without dismounting had overtones of the truly ridiculous. During the process a sharp knee caught me in the sternum (I’m fairly sure it was an accident), reminding me that I had a part to play in this, too.
Numbly I unzipped, casting about in my shambling imagination for the long lost solace of the Cold Room. It was almost there, nearly there, I could practically see it. The edges of vapour teased me, and I reached for them with an almost tearful relief. Then Celia asked, ‘What’s this?’
The image of the Cold Room blew apart. I choked back nausea with a superior will, because what Celia’s awful, curious fingers explored was the scar! I had not remembered to cover it with blemish mask. Well adapted to her twilight world, Celia had of course been instantly on it.
‘Well? Have I finally discovered the chink in your perfect, gorgeous armour?’ She pressed on it.
My nerve broke. Colours exploded in my head, and I thought I might faint. I seized the startled Celia desperately about the torso and buried my face in her chest to shut out sight and sound. Her heartbeat thundered in my ears and I hid behind it, wanting to be shielded, wanting to feel safe.
It was of course not meant to be. Although I tried to pretend I was soothed and held, Celia stiffened in the forced embrace. I did not need to look at her to know it. Her body twisted into a prickly “NO” in my arms, and remained uncomfortably tense until I relented and she could disengage me.
Once safely across the room, Celia regarded me suspiciously from elaborately made up eyes. When I simply remained on the couch regarding my empty hands, she deemed me provisionally safe enough and skittered across to her one and only friend: the faithful alcohol cabinet. It made sense. A nice stiff drink stayed that way, and it only said what she wanted to hear. The perfect stupid companion, encouraging a stupid woman to find all her answers at the bottom of a bottle.
It was not until the glass was well anointed with lipstick that Celia felt bolstered enough to return. She perched on the arm of the couch, tactfully out of reach. ‘I think you should come back some other time, Simon.’ Her voice was only a little unsteady.
Some other time, some other time. And she was the one who dragged me in here! There was a tiny weak part of me that still wanted to plead. It begged for comfort like a lonely child, but I smothered it, the maladaptive impulse. Locked it firmly away for being useless.
I was myself again. Twisted back under control and rigid against Celia’s rebuff. I ought to have known better than to seek anything from her. By Celia’s whim we came together for rutting, and that’s all it was. Fleshy, dispassionate, and for solely her pleasure. The merest hint any more might be required sent her scuttling quickly back into her fortress of bourbon. The deal between us was just that: a deal.
Celia was still regarding me like a cautious bird, waiting. To sit so close she was taking a calculated gamble, ready to fly should I turn toward her instead of meekly heading where she herded. It was still not too late. If so inclined I could change the selfish little pet’s mind and stay but the question was, did I really want to? After all, were there not other things to be done that I had been putting off for far too long? Important things?
Now that I felt myself again I could see it all so clearly. A wonder that I had missed the truth for so long. Goodbye Celia, I thought without regret. Use the money you save on my wage to buy yourself a dildo. A great big one with all the bells and whistles, because I will not be returning some other time, or any time. It was time to take my life back.
There were some raised eyebrows from the battery humans nested in their computer stalls. No matter how studiously they avoided noticing my relations with the boss, a betting pool had sprung up over the amount of time I spent in her office. What could my hasty exit today mean? There was barely enough time for a man to get started. Oh, it was ripe juicy scandal all right. I tried for my usual casual saunter, but my eyes were too used to looking where they would with impunity. Without my glasses, I was confronted by the drones staring right on back.
I tried to turn away but the black glass of Celia’s cube reflected me in a pitiable state. I was caught between their regard and my own. My reflection’s stare, normally so clear and sane, looked burnt out, fire gutted. It told its tale so baldly that I lurched and threw up an arm to shield my face, hurt by my own gaze. Something moved behind me. A blur in the glass; perhaps a girl with dark woolly hair and irregular features. I quickly uncovered my face, but there was nobody there. Only the motion of the lift’s gently opening doors.
‘I have to take my life back,’ I croaked, and stepped into it. I would take it back. I would go home and help the Bitch, brain Fenrir with a brick if I had to. I would stand in the Cold Room and make Muttonbird obey.
Instead of pressing the button for the lobby where an angry William Shep might be waiting, I rode the lift all the way down to the underground car park. From the oily bowels of the building I walked through ranks of cars stacked as though in a mausoleum, emerged from the fumes and darkness into bright sunlight with dazzled eyes and reeking lungs. Tipping my head back I breathed deeply, trying to expel all traces of the building and my past life from my body.
‘Hey.’ I spun around and found Sylvia leaning against the red brick wall. ‘So you have quite a boss. She’s a comedian, a real sweetheart. But I’m not the sort to joke around, Simon. I think we should be honest with each other.’
‘Honest?’ Guaranteed, Sylvia would not fancy my honesty. My puzzled eyes were on hers, but she looked only at my mouth, at the parts of me she wanted to possess. Barely acknowledging me as human.
‘Yes. Honest.’ Her eyes were very dark and full. The open sea at midnight. In its locked cell that small lonely part of me looked up hopefully as she moved in close, but the rest of my personality sat on it firmly and waited suspiciously to see what would happen.
As though it were a religious experience, Sylvia leaned up against me. Right where Muttonbird had leaned, I thought in a sudden fit of fear, and she was so cold. She pressed her lips to the corner of my mouth with a gentle pressure. Her eyes were closed just as gently, and I could feel the delicate lashes flutter against my cheek. One slender hand slid up the back of my neck to test the texture of my hair.
She stayed so only for a moment, considering. I was shocked to find that my pulse had heated and quickened without my consent. What on earth for? Stepping back, Sylvia resumed her examination but to my tingling senses there were now two women: one of them placing that ghostly kiss forever. ‘What are you going to do now?’ she asked seriously.
I considered the question in perhaps a deeper context than it had been posed. ‘Do? Well, there’s no point staying here.’ Nothing to the city but bad dreams, trembling and jumping at reflections. ‘There are some things I have to fix. I’m going home.’
‘The beach?’ Sylvia put her big bug glasses back on, sensing some decision had been reached but unsure what it meant. ‘Then let me be your escort.’
She was not kidding either, she followed me onto the train. Although I knew it was cowardly, in boarding I averted my face from the sliding door’s glass in case there were any woolly haired phantoms trailing us.
Sylvia and I sat ourselves down in opposite seats, knees nearly touching. The only other passenger was a girl sitting right down the other end of the carriage – to all intents and purposes we were alone. But we did not talk. I could not be bothered with trying to think of something to say to Sylvia. I rather pitied her. A vague sort of emotion, but one all the same. She was so … human, so ordinary, and yet she had the (metaphorical I hoped) balls to try and reach for me!
Doubtless she could not even detect the train’s rarefied air with her dull mundane senses. It was already working its magic on me, whether my companion knew it or not. I could feel my thoughts slip down a gear and relax. How terrible life must be for those like Sylvia, I mused, to be so fundamentally flawed they were unable to feel the small miracles going on around them.
The rocking silver tube slowed, and the train hissed at yet another stop. An urgent door beeping announced the end of our seclusion and my lip curled. A group of young men piled on board. Loud, crude and swaggering, laughing oafishly as they held the door open to delay the train. It was amazing they did not immediately start urinating all over the carriage, but apparently even gibbons can be housetrained should you start young enough.
I looked away, so cold and still that they must have taken me for part of the furnishings. Sylvia and I made two, anyhow, so they targeted the solitary young girl instead. Body language summarised the narrative: she crossed her arms and tried to face away, but they were having none of that. Hopelessly drunk on testosterone and probably more they draped themselves on all sides of her, posing to display puny genitals in tight black jeans.
The newcomers were creating their own pocket of resistance; around them the surreal ambiance of the train deepened, the way lymph flow will increase to an injury. The tension in the air was forming a three dimensional lattice that penetrated and ensnared everything, through my body, through my flesh and it was cold. I was cold. My reflection in the window shone faintly above the rushing fences, houses and trees of the shabby suburban dream. Something washed out and blue looked out of my polished brown eyes.
The pubescent posturers were still leaning themselves in too close to the girl’s personal space, and she cowered away. The situation was bound to end in tears. I tried not to notice that her hair was curly and dark. Finally the girl put both hands to her closest assailant’s chest and shoved him, hard. A rather impotent gesture: genetics rather than any virtue endowed him with her strength several times over, but he was off balance on the rocking train while she had adrenaline on her side.
As he fell on his ass, I caught a glimpse of a cheap looking blue tattoo on his neck, a needle legged spider. Not a good sign. Even from here I could see the grime beneath his stunted fingernails. Sure enough, Spider neck was the first to hit her. He administered a firm slap across the cheek with his open palm but this was a middle class suburbanite, never so much as spanked by daddy; with such an ugly intrusion of violence into her cultivated world, he might as well have stabbed her,
‘Hey!’ Oh no. Sylvia was on her feet, royally outraged. As one of the boys turned his head to look at us I could practically hear his neck creak.
‘Wha'd dooya think yoou’re lookin’ at?’ His speech was the blurring, dogged enunciation of classic white trash, almost gibberish. I glanced him over, and then dispassionately returned to gazing out the window. Dispassionately, I told myself although my fingers were curled tightly into their palms. This was happening more lately: some unknown element was causing palpitations in my body, disturbances to the ordered rhythm of life.
The window warned me, but not in time. I had no chance to turn around and react to what was coming. ‘Gaah!’ was all I managed when Spider neck clubbed me at the base of the skull with whatever had been in his hand. A beer bottle, perhaps. Always seize the initiative, the ghost of Celia whispered smugly, or it will seize you. The train’s air was too cottony for it to actually hurt, but I definitely felt the impact. Control let go, and I fell onto the carpet in an undignified sprawl of limbs.
My face was turned toward the wall. I could not see my attacker, or speak, but dull impacts registered at my flanks along with a blank outrage. They were kicking me! What sort of idiot kicks a person who’s on the ground? Somewhere out there Sylvia’s voice was shrieking hysterically; glad to hear she was making herself useful, then. If any of this ends in bruises, I began, not sure if I was actually speaking out loud, somebody is going to be very …
Something interrupted me. A noise. With one ear against the tacky carpet and one in the air I could perceive four distinct groups of sound. Sylvia’s aggravated screeching, of course. The Neanderthal grunts of my assailants, accompanied by their excited, unwashed hormonal reek. They were getting high on this. Beneath that were the train’s metal wheels, rattling and clanging on the rails. And beneath even that was another type of noise, that had grabbed my attention. A regular metronome sound.
That was when I saw it. Lying there on the filthy carpet with the burnt rubber stench of train brakes clogging my nose, shoved this way and that by each kick, I stared incredulously at the miniscule clock tucked away beneath the seat’s rim. It was far from the only one. From this new perspective I could see dozens more clocks stuffed into every nook. The small bones of my ear clanged with the thunder of amassed ticking. Thousands of them. As the train, ticking madly, hurtled into the evening I began laughing and found that I could not stop.
‘Simon!’ Sylvia shrieked.
All in one motion I surged to my feet amongst them; a thing, a force. I had never struck out physically in my life, never punched another man, but this was an urgent desire, a need to. The other pimply youths came rushing to support Spider neck, whom I already had on the ground. I welcomed them, hit them not only with my fists but with my entire amazing body. They exploded like a startled flock of pigeons but in the sealed train carriage there was nowhere to go.
I laughed, I did. I laughed because I was their better, and far more in my prime than they could ever be. An eternal prime of sheer physical power. ‘What are your names!’ I screamed through the laughter. ‘What are your names!’ Their weakness revealed made me laugh even more; their flesh was as dull and brutish as their violence had been. The caving-in of such ugliness beneath my fists was hilarious.
A fog, my breath on the windows, thickened and blotted out the outside world behind a veil of white. I was invincible. I did not need the dawning cold flush to slow my adversaries, indeed I embraced their pitiful attempts at retaliation. Welcomed them with open arms and hale healthy laughter, as fondly as I had ever welcomed Mum or the Bitch.
When I was done frost danced little patterns across prostate heaps of meat and bad clothing. One of them coughed fluid, probably Spider neck. I could imagine the cold flush taking hold of the liquid in that throat and making spikes of ice that would pierce the fleshy walls. Exulted, and a bit out of breath, I glanced around with a passing sort of curiosity. ‘What were your names?’ I whispered.
‘The girl.’ Sylvia was kneeling beside her. ‘She’s hurt; we should call the police and an ambulance.’ She glanced sideways at me. ‘And maybe a nuthouse.’
I came over for a look. When boarding the train I had been so sure that the girl’s hair was dark and curled, her form plump, but no. This girl was slender and well formed, her short hair a burnished copper and her ears pierced over and over. Although she was breathing, her eyes were closed and she did not move. Fainted? Perhaps she did need help. That was of no consequence to me.
As the frost faded back from the windows, I looked around and realised we had hit the end of the line. This was my stop. ‘Simon! Come back here – we have to help her!’
‘Don’t follow me, then,’ I tossed back over my shoulder. ‘You help her.’
I knew of course why I had mistaken the girl’s appearance to be other than it was. Muttonbird, always damned Muttonbird lurking around every corner. But now I was empowered, by stupendous physical dominance, by my perfect, perfect body. It was time to take control. And to teach Muttonbird her place in the order of things so that she would never, ever forget.
Only Skin
Nine
Flawless Skin
I was far too ramped up to go straight home. No sense in rushing in hot headed. Instead, I sought my peace on the beach.
The night was still early and so, so quiet. When I closed my eyes and lifted my face to the breeze it felt lovely. There could only be one outcome tonight: the right one; I felt it in my bones. The sea smell of the air made me feel alive as I had not in weeks. Privately and intensely aware in the dark.
The sound of the waves rolled back and forth, sleek grey water. White caps glimmered far out before they slipped away. I dropped my clothes from my body and left them at the tide line like garbage. Shriven.
I walked down the sand and into the water. Up to my ankles, and my thighs, genitals tightening away from the cold. Then up and over my chest. Salty. It fizzed and stung in tiny abrasions all over my body, souvenirs from the scuffle, cleansing them to heal without memory. I ducked my head to taste the brine.
There is no other sensation so pure as to be in the water at night. To be so utterly naked and feel liquid slide past skin without impediment. I swam out just far enough that I could no longer touch bottom, and then floated on my back. My hair drifted like seaweed. My arms and legs, too. I was moved dreamily by the waves.
The stars were so bright. In the city you often get no stars at all, just a glowering purple sky. But out here they burned clearly, glorious pale candles. With my ears dipped under water I closed my eyes against the stars and rocked gently backward and forward. Gradually, I could feel everything tumbling within me grow just as quiet, cool and calm. Humanity only recently crawled out of the sea; my body still remembered how it had once belonged to the water. The sea was within me, the reflected stars on night water a roadmap of my soul.
Like a breaching seal I rose, and came streaming to my feet. I was stripped new in the air. All outer layers had been burned off to reveal the core, and as I waded back to shore every sense was a novelty to be marvelled over. Sand dusted my ankles like soft crumbly brown sugar. When I pulled my pants on they clung gladly to my wet skin as though desperately drinking.
All marks of the past months’ scrabble and scrape had been washed from me. Even my sore eye that Muttonbird had poked was miraculously clear. All that remained was the awful pink deformity of the scar, but I supposed that was a wrong that ran too deep for even the sea to touch. For the rest, my life may not have even happened. There was peace in my mind. Peace for myself, that was – Muttonbird was about to receive anything but.
I left my shirt abandoned by the water as an offering; a piece of my old life in exchange for the new. Sand crunched grittily in my shoes, scratched between my toes. Even as I walked toward the beach house I still concentrated on the sigh of the waves behind me, reluctant to give it up. I strained my ears after its muted rise and fall, and wondered that there were people out there in the world who had never, and would go their entire lives without hearing the sea.
By the time I hit the wire fence the hush of water was only an echo in my mind, albeit one so clear that I could still practically hear it. Watch out Muttonbird, the waves sighed. I’m coming for you.
‘Simon.’ Sylvia emerged from the shadows like a wraith. I regarded her curiously: her tan was under-laid by frightened bloodless skin, and there was a determined wildness in her eyes. The big hat and glasses were gone. Her hair and dress were dishevelled and whip-like scratches adorned both arms, as though she had bush-bashed her way here in the darkness. ‘I’ve been waiting for you.’
‘What about …’ “Muttonbird”, I almost said, ‘… your buddy on the train?’
Sylvia was both ashamed and exhilarated. ‘I want to know,’ she said in a low intense voice, stepping closer. ‘I want to know what the secret is here, what makes you as you are. I want to know! Show me.’
I hesitated. ‘You could still go home. Bugger off to whatever it is you do.’
Triumph flared in her face as though my cryptic reluctance confirmed all of her secretly held beliefs. ‘I knew it! I knew something was here, I could feel it in you.’ She practically burned. ‘Show me.’
Sure, why not. I lifted the wire.
Once we were on my home turf I was sure she could feel it as clearly as I: something was wrong with the world. More specifically, with my part of the world. I remembered the soundless dream Muttonbird had yanked me into and glanced up uneasily, expecting a giant streetlight to be hovering up there like a hand waiting to slap us flat. Sylvia kept swinging around as though pinched by instinct, by a warning from all sides that she could almost hear. There was no need to seek the creators of this muted world, however. The welcoming committee came to us.
First Fenrir emerged from the scrub. I had to admit I had mentally diminished him in my memory by applying the label “dog”; he was truly magnificent, but not in any way an animal should be. Fenrir was huge, with more of the beast than domesticated dog in him. Shaped in the fashion of some primitive and ancient bestial deity. Sylvia’s eyes fixed on him with a sort of wordless horror.
I would have said something in a low voice to Sylvia, but I was diverted. Two low shapes bumped my knees to either side in passing. Three more bounded up behind Fenrir without making a sound. Sylvia and I were introduced to Fenrir’s three brothers and two sisters. His children. His Pack.
Having experienced the same accelerated maturity they were bulky, although nothing on their sire. Five bone pale things, deadly and unearthly. While Fenrir trod the dirt like a dignified behemoth they skulked above it as swiftly and lightly as ghosts. The Pack had a brightness to their eyes. Weird blue eyes with lights behind them. It could only be the alertness of creatures who ran down and ate live, screaming prey. An animalistic sort of cunning, whetted and honed toward that one goal.
The progeny were certainly mindful of being on show. The three males trotted back and forth behind their father with heads and tails lowered slyly, as though tracking scents. The females who had brushed by me lent coyly into their alpha’s flanks but Fenrir, ignoring them all, raised his head to look me directly in the eye. The intelligence in Fenrir’s brown eyes was disturbingly different for being so sinisterly human. A single scrap, some bird’s under-feather, dowdy and grey, clung to the corner of his cavernous mouth. Between them the dogs had managed to not only decimate, but obliterate all wildlife within the confines of the fences. My land was dead.
In old spaghetti western films the hero is seen striding down a deserted street, going eagerly to face his destiny. He stands alone against the enemy, one man against the world. That was how I felt as I stepped forward, despite Sylvia so close that she almost melded with my bare back. I was invincible, buoyed up by the power in me. So vastly superior to the dogs who for all their teeth still slunk at ankle level. If, instead of shrinking back, Sylvia had offered to help I would have swept her aside and continued on alone.
The Pack sidestepped my advance, licking the air and tasting my scent, their weird moon eyes excited. Only Fenrir stood his ground. The nearer I advanced the higher his lip lifted, baring rows of monolith teeth in pink and brown speckled gums. I remembered those teeth well, with a superstitious chill. Their unnatural distension around my head and the foul stink of the animal’s breath. Fenrir’s rolling eyes showed hysterical white all around. He snapped his jaws once, a wet chuck. He could smell Sylvia’s fear thick as syrup on the air, and was not about to give way.
Fine. It was of no importance to me. If childish was what the creature wanted, childish he would get. Rather than acceding to the impending showdown I simply turned and detoured around Fenrir and his kin as though they did not matter. We left a huddle of rather bewildered dogs staring after us. Fenrir growled. ‘Muttonbird,’ I answered him.
‘What?’ Sylvia whispered to me, and Fenrir growled even louder. The threatening sound was like teeth grating, bits of enamel grinding and chipping off. Incredible as it was it occurred to me that this was the first time that Sylvia had even heard the name!
All I gave her was, ‘You’ll see.’
A stomach turning smell flooded out from the open front door to greet us. Sylvia gagged with a sleeve over her nose and mouth. ‘You live like this?’
‘No,’ I answered shortly. Sylvia’s eyes widened as we passed the lounge room with its lipstick decoration, the big looping letters, but beneath her fear a gritted determination persisted. With the misguided soul of an adventurer Sylvia was willing to risk all for the grand prize.
Very well. I opened the door at the top of the stairs. ‘Here you go. This is me, down here. This is everything you’ve been looking for.’
She blanched. I felt I would never forget what colour her eyes were in that moment: a brilliant, glimmering emerald. Sunlight in the shallows. The pink seashell mouth tightened. ‘I don’t want to go down there,’ she murmured.
‘You don’t?’ We could both hear the gormless goading in my voice. Backing out now? Oh well, better go back to being ordinary, then. To being anybody on the street. She nodded, and I suddenly wanted to take it back.
‘I will. I will.’ Her eyes looked up at mine. ‘Only, will you kiss me first? Just once.’ There it was, an exchange of her challenge for mine. Again came that odd triple beat in my pulse. It made me want to say no, but like every game there were rules of fairness – one of mine for one of yours. So, instead of shoving her rudely away I bent my head. Her warm skin scent rose in my nostrils. I wished I were wearing a shirt.
Testing, I brushed my cheek against hers. The initial movement was exploratory and so could be mistaken for tender. She could not help turning her lips to my skin. My breathing stumbled. I found myself crushing her, my mouth all over, wanting to eat her if I could. Biting her lips. She was pinned against the wall by my greater bulk. Her mouth tried to sooth me and bring me down from frenzy, ‘Sh, sh,’ escaping her in tiny sighs just below my ear.
I tried to keep myself silent. I couldn’t do this with Mum and everyone else less than a wall away. Sylvia had no such reserve; she brought my hand to her breast. My other hand was immediately between her legs, and I was not gentle. She rippled strangely in my grasp, trying to flinch away and press closer at the same time.
It was too much sensation: the physical certainty of two bodies wanting exactly the same thing. Neophyte, I was drowning in it. I could taste her, feel her warmth, and my entire body knew the press and contour of hers. Terrified, I dropped her. She sagged there against the wall, clutching it, gasping for air. ‘What happened?’
Overwhelmed, I could not reply. I desperately needed to think but my brain was too full of her. Drowning. Sylvia straightened defiantly. With head high she swept her hair back with both hands. Don’t go, I suddenly wanted to shout, but did not understand why, and so refrained. Sylvia certainly did not intend to be stopped at any rate. So I followed her down to the Cold Room. I had given mine, and now it was time for hers.
It was dark down there. I had never noticed it could be so dark. But there was still plenty of light to see the room’s inhabitants by. ‘Hello everybody. I’ve brought someone to meet you.’
Sylvia stood in the centre off the room and slowly absorbed what was around her. And by observing, I suddenly saw the tableau through her eyes. The horror of this false stasis, this farcical preservation of life! I clutched at my face with the insanity of her perspective. However, the intuitive leap went both ways, and somewhere a tiny part of Sylvia looked with my eyes and saw the profound beauty of it.
For a moment we teetered there together, both on the brink of madness. It was the acknowledgment of the beauty of what we were looking at that finally dropped her yet saved me. Sylvia screamed, a raw unladylike peal like a gull’s cry. She fled back up the stairs.
A real black and white horror movie scream, I thought, and bounded after her. Nobody screams like that anymore. Being stronger I ought to be able to catch her, but great mass requires greater energy to get moving, and Sylvia’s long body was not just for show. Our pursuit up through the house must have been to her fear heightened senses syrupy, with the nightmare quality of a dream. I came on like an arrow after a fleeing hart. The wolf and the prey.
My hand reached out, and actually tangled in the promise of her hair when I caught a glimpse of something through my bedroom door, and stopped dead. Sylvia was forgotten; she ripped through my grasp, and could run to hell for all I cared. Softly I entered the room.
The Bitch was curled in a nest of blankets on the bed. This was where she had crawled to miserably birth her pups, surrounded by the comfort of my scent. But she had not survived the delivery. Poor dog. I felt my chest constrict. She had lain here inhaling the memory of me, in pain because I left her behind. Wanting me to come back and make the relentless hurting better. Well it was too late now. I straightened her silky ears and gently tucked the blankets around her.
Pinned under one of the Bitch’s paws were the two halves of Muttonbird’s journal, as though she had spent her last moments loyally guarding it from somebody. She retained her self-imposed post, even in death. I was pretty sure that with a bit of wiggling I could dislodge the book without disturbing the dog’s corpse, and I was already reaching when the echo of pleading in the Bitch’s eyes warned me: No, don’t touch it!
Too late. I already had my hands on Muttonbird’s trap. Fishing hooks jumped out of the journal into my soft eyes and I howled in sudden blazing pain as they yanked me face first into cold water. Caught, I unwisely spluttered and blew air from my lungs in panic. Muttonbird’s sea was a terrible place. The chill water was full of rot and its rank fluids stopped up my nostrils. Still she pulled me deeper, reeling me in with my legs threshing the liquid out behind.
I could see nothing, but my imagination needed no eyes. The line I was caught on led right down to the seabed. Muttonbird was a loathsome kraken hauling on those lines, her hair a dirty cloud in the water, her smile the only light. She was invading my body as the water came in and I was drawn closer. Our thoughts clashed angrily as we struggled to coexist in my single pounding skull. Her dreams and emotions overlapped my own like ill-fitting clothing.
‘Simon!’ The water froze. That was a cry I was hearing a lot lately, but this time I clung to it. The voice was real. I used it and its urgency to lead me home, a path by which I might drag myself back into my bedroom and back into myself. Snarling, I snatched my hands back from the journal. I was drenched, although whether it came by sweat or the alien sea I could not tell.
The call that had drawn me back came again, drifting faintly from outside the house. ‘Please!’ I followed it.
It did not take me long to find Sylvia, she continued to scream my name until I did. She had almost made it to the fence before Fenrir’s Pack bailed her up in a clearing. They snapped viciously about her hips, had already drawn dark smears from her thighs. In the dimness the blood looked black on Sylvia, but was a shocking prim red against the animals’ pale muzzles. They grinned and whooped, enjoying themselves immensely. Fenrir himself merely sat back to watch the games, as aloof as an emperor on his throne.
‘Sylvia.’ Trembling on long legs she turned her wild eyes to me. It was too dark to tell their colour anymore. Tears streamed down her face, torrents of salty water and although she began babbling immediately, she did not seem to really see me at all.
‘I don’t like it here, oh please help me, I don’t like it, please help, please help me …’ Her makeup, so skilful that I had hardly known it was there, had run from her eyes and smeared from her mouth. Abrasions and dirt were ground into her palms, she must have fallen at some point. That stricken face was a tragedy mask, I had never before seen any creature in such abject brainless terror. She seemed to have forgotten how to converse, could only implore on a stuck loop.
Fenrir deigned to rise. He laughed and coughed at Sylvia the way wild beasts do. Lifting a leg he sprayed a puddle of rank steaming piss all over the woman’s feet. It sizzled when it hit the earth and it was not hard to conjecture that nothing would now ever grow there again. Although I had to block my nose against the stinky musk Sylvia was so far gone she barely seemed to notice, even when the welts began to rise.
The message was clear. If I wished to remain unmolested myself, I would leave matters just so. Fenrir sat again, and ran his long tongue out through his lips until it touched the ground. The Pack mirrored his gruesome smile. What’s the time Mr Wolf?
When I looked at Sylvia, all I could wonder was whose sea would her tears taste of? Mine? Or Muttonbird’s? ‘Is this what you were looking for?’ Losing awareness fast, she did not answer. Perhaps the prey is mercifully drugged by the predator’s stare, or by the oncoming headlights, or the barrel of the gun. Fenrir coughed again and that got a response: two sobs exploded from her like firecrackers before she could stuff them back in. In their circle around her Fenrir’s children had started digging from sheer excitement, the dirt flying from their long nails, working themselves into frenzy.
Still I hesitated. ‘I told you. I told you not to follow me here. I told you to go home. This is all your fault. You shouldn’t have wanted what you can’t have.’ I was right, I knew it. So why such a strange blooming pain in my chest? Sylvia looked so defenceless. She shivered and shook. That mouth had kissed me, and I felt a sick bitter urge to try it again. How would the mascara on her cheeks taste? Or the exquisitely sensitive abrasions of her palms? Or the slick blood on her knees?
Go ahead Simon, some bloated thing chuckled quietly in my mind. Save her. Live happily ever after.
‘You!’ Horrified, I identified the voice as Muttonbird, coiled fatly in my head like some loathsome parasitic worm. ‘Get out, get out!’ I screamed on panicked impulse, beating a fist against my temple … then stopped myself. I took a deep steadying breath. Took the time to straighten my hair. These were not the actions of a sane man. Not the beautiful, powerful creation I knew myself to be.
Muttonbird had to be dealt with, and that required a decision. ‘Sorry Sylvia.’ Sorry. Sorry. Sorry. ‘This is your own fault. Not mine.’
With the woman ceded to him Fenrir did not give a rat’s what I did with myself, I was free to go. Turning my back on him, on Sylvia and her closing circle of pale wolfish admirers, I returned to the Cold Room.
I felt dull and snared by gravity, almost too heavy to make it down the stairs. Thankfully my brief flash of the room from Sylvia’s distorted perspective had dissipated, the Cold Room was back to normal. Mum was fine, the Wheelchair guy … well, there was not much to work with there, anyhow. But Muttonbird. Her makeup looked a cheap travesty after Sylvia’s subtly applied art, the face of a painted whore.
Mum’s glare drilled into me accusingly and I could tell what she was thinking: how could her own sweet boy go and treat a girl like that? Moulding a slut from the base clay, as though womanhood were nothing more than a doll to be played with. ‘I’m sorry, I’m sorry. It’s ok, it’s just cosmetic. I can fix it.’
It took me a long time to clean all of the paint off Muttonbird. Gently, apologetically, using a soft sponge and a bucket of nice warm water. Tiny rivulets ran and sparkled over her cold flesh, carrying away the false tan to form brownish pools on the floor. It did not matter that beneath the bronze her skin was going a trifle grey. By the time I had finished the water was no longer nice and warm; tiny tongues of ice were creeping out over the muddy bucket. The sponge felt like holding a handful of ice cream, my fingers cringed and stung. I tamped down the last few wisps of skin, curling like dried leaves. All done.
Straightening with a bewildered frown, I gazed around the Cold Room. I could still feel an overlap in my head: Muttonbird danced in and out of the coliseum of my brain. This was the Cold Room, where I had brought Mum to keep her with me forever. This was where I had stashed the dead bodies of both Muttonbird and the Wheelchair guy. This was where I had shut up the Bitch until something snapped inside her like a broken spring. And for what?
No! I shook my head sharply. That was Muttonbird confusing my thoughts, introducing grim doubts I would otherwise never entertain. A chorus of eerie wails drifted to me through the walls; out there Fenrir and his Pack were greeting the moon. Was Sylvia dead already, or still damned and waiting to fall? I could picture the scene: the dogs’ eyes shining all around her in shared points of light, panting, nipping; just waiting for the moment Sylvia’s legs gave way and she tumbled amongst them. I even thought I heard a tiny lost noise, a last drifting, ‘Help.’
Sylvia was gone, she was lost, and I would never kiss her again. Now there was only Muttonbird left to deal with, the root and cause of all my problems. And I would never kiss Sylvia again.
Slowly, hesitantly I leaned down and pressed my lips to what I had left, to the cold comfort of Muttonbird’s pale forehead where the water still beaded like sweat. At the contact a conduit snapped into place, like a gateway for raw electricity and my limbs clenched convulsively. The world had gone, swept away in the current.
And then suddenly, without any memory of walking there I found myself in the kitchen. I clutched the counter as the dizzy swoon of complete and utter lack of control faded. ‘Oh … oh crap.’ I breathed out shakily, convinced by the bland familiarity of the room if nothing else that I was really there.
I stood naked, with no sign of my clothes. Although I had some vague sense of time having passed my watch had been spirited away along with the rest. ‘Muttonbird?’ No way of knowing if she would respond to the name I had given her, but it was the only one I had. I had a sudden lunatic burst of sitcom familiarity, as though I were throwing my keys on the bench and calling out “Hi honey, I’m home!” ‘Muttonbird?’ A sluggish hum, like a drugged beehive, underlay everything. It was the fridge. The humming fridge door stood open, and its innards were warmer than the room.
And then there was light! The kitchen mirrors lit up, ringed by bulbs like the mirrors of a fancy star’s dressing table. Only in this ordinary setting it all looked so … fake. I could see myself – well obviously, they were placed for that purpose – and stood to attention. Still my eyes, eternal spoilers of fun, automatically sought that blighted place, the scar on my hip, my flaw; my fingers groped in a pocket that was not there for blemish mask.
Everything stopped. A profound wave rippled through me, as though every nerve were readying itself for action. The scar was gone! The reflection smiling back at me was of glowing, robust, and most importantly flawless health. I twisted incredulously from side to side to catch every angle. My attraction had increased a thousandfold.
Flawless skin that exquisitely emphasized and flattered the physical structure beneath. Superb muscle groups. The sculpted bone. Never mind the overall catlike poise that bespoke my state of mind: supremely balanced and ready. Was my enemy prepared to be confronted by such a sight? This miracle? I left the mirrors with one last reluctant look. ‘Oh Muttonbird?’ I crooned as I descended the steps. ‘Little sparrow, little lamb. Are you ready for me? Are you waiting?’
I stepped into the Cold Room ready for the final conquest. It broke my heart to see Mum. Her chair had been turned around so that her back was to me, rejecting me, her own baby. I wanted to rush to her immediately but there was still that other influence in the room, unwholesome. Once Muttonbird was dealt with Mum would be happy to look at me again. Happy and grateful.
And Muttonbird herself, the influence, the enemy? She lay as still as Sleeping Beauty, which was a rather grotesque comparison. The Bitch was propped by her side, barely squeezing onto the card table. The girl’s pale hand rested possessively on the dog’s broad skull. I could remember countless times I had patted the dog with exactly the same gesture.
‘Well?’ Muttonbird did not reply. I shook her stiffened form, so afraid and eager for a response that I barely noticed when the Bitch rolled off the table with a heavy meaty thud. Muttonbird in body was still essentially unchanged, still ugly, still herself. Why? ‘Why look like that?’ I demanded. She could obviously change things; who else was I to attribute the miraculous healing of my scar to? ‘Get up. Say something. Answer me! I want to know why you look like that.’
I was growing increasingly frustrated. ‘What the hell are you? You’re not like them,’ with a contemptuous flick toward the rest of the world. ‘You see me the way I was supposed to be: you see me without the scar. So why aren’t you anything like me? Why aren’t you beautiful?’ As before, nothing. Never before had I believed in a soul that was truly separate from the body: soul was the body, flesh incarnate. But Muttonbird was not here. I grasped her body but there was only emptiness within.
Crap. I refused to accept that. There had to be some way to reach her in there, some way to provoke a response. Even if I had to ignite her hatred. And I suspected I already knew what might work. Not hesitantly but eagerly this time I leant forward to kiss her, and now my target was not her forehead but those parted violet lips.
It was a mistake. Too late I realised it, that my life, the whole thing had been one terrible mistake. The connection between us was deadly and shocking; Muttonbird was the current, and I arced helplessly in it. Time whirred meaninglessly around my head like a circling train, a jangling carnival ride without music.
We were both in my head, everything was, and my skull groaned with the pressure. The demands on such a finite bone vessel squeezed agony down my spine. My muscles contracted spasmodically, tearing me free of physical contact but Muttonbird stayed with me, riding in my head. ‘Ah!’ The exclamation was forced out of me like a cork – there had to be some outlet or I would explode. Dimly I understood my ears were bleeding: warmth trickled down the sides of my head and dripped off my jaw.
Muttonbird was here. Stuffed inside me with all of her ungainly weight, she laughed in my bloodied ears. Her flesh was over there, and yet she was here! Somehow she had transcended flesh, outlived its pitiable death. Somehow she was more perfect that I could ever be. With a wretched cry my fingers found my hip and knew that the scar had returned. ‘How? How?’
Have you ever taken a pair of scissors, Muttonbird asked, gloating, and then run the open blades over your hand? Do you wonder what prevents you from lopping off a finger, or even a whole bunch of them if you like?
‘No,’ I whimpered. ‘It would ruin me.’
Then how come I could do it, if I wanted? Muttonbird whispered to me like a confidante, a lover. Simon, don’t tell me you physically can’t manage something that I could do. Don’t you understand? Nothing stops you. No force steps forward to stay your hand, nothing prevents you except yourself. You are the flaw standing in your own way.
Practically blind with the pressure behind my eyes I groped about, not needing much vision to locate what I was after. The same orange handled scissors that I had used on Muttonbird’s clothes so long ago.
Her body lay serene, but her voice clamoured in my head. Flawed, flawed!
‘There’s no way you’re better than me! I know how to do it now.’ I had to wiggle her finger from side to side to free it from position. Sssnip, Muttonbird hissed. The blades glinted to either side. It took all my force, all of my great strength to get them to close. Should have used shears, one of us thought abstractedly.
Finally they came home. Muttonbird’s frozen digit clattered like marble when it hit the floor. Clack. One single blue nail orphaned from the others. I picked it up and stuck it in my mouth like a cigar. ‘Not so clever now, are you?’ I did it. Told you I could.
Now prove yourself. ‘I’ll cut the flaw out of my flesh!’ I whispered fervently in Muttonbird’s ear, spitting her finger away. My own fingers, my ten wonderful strong uncut fingers, shifted until I held the scissors clenched by one orange handle and a blade. Held like that they made a crude knife. ‘I’ll make myself every bit as good as you. I’ll make myself perfect.’
The blade was bluntish. Initially the flesh of my hip resisted as though it were made of rubber. I whimpered and sobbed as I hacked at the scar, but persisted. Eventually the ugly pink skin was free in my hand. At that point a cruel fog seemed to lift from my eyes. I gagged in horror at the damage I had done myself. Perhaps, I thought desperately, getting back to work, there was still time to make it right. Time to cut the damage itself out.
I stabbed and scraped feverishly, bigger and bigger plugs of wobbly flesh to remove the growing hole. I exposed the white twist of bone. Shocked sweat ran into the blood. I cut, gibbering, until fluids made the scissors slippery and they squirted from my hand.
Without any direction from me my legs did an astonishing thing and both decided to go to sleep at once. I hit the floor thrashing in my own liquid, utterly flabbergasted. What on earth was wrong with my legs? Adding to my confusion I felt my bowels and bladder relax. All the stinking mixed vitals that my wonderful body could produce filled the Cold Room. My bewildered mewl was dampened in the enclosed space.
‘Muttonbird?’
No answer.
’Muttonbird?’
And in a smaller voice.
‘Mum?’
Why was it getting so cold? The comfortable chill of the Cold Room had given way to something deeper and more penetrating. I could feel the spark of warmth leeching from my very bones. Where was it going? Even the pool I sat in felt warmer than I was. My final liquid to give up, tears, came dropping down my face. Was this how Mum felt, locked in the Cold Room all day?
And then Mum moved. Slowly at first, she went with the slow blind wonder of a baby’s first stirring in the womb. Her body unfurled in the chair like a fern until she sat upright. Her head moved, gently seeking. Turned.
Although joy and fear raged in my heart I could feel the rest of me slipping further and further away from that soft tumultuous organ, and I was without the strength to reach for it. Only loneliness, my lifelong companion, stayed with me. Its bitterness was overwhelming. Mum’s eyes, focussing slowly, fixed me with a beautiful, terrible clarity. But then I lost them. It seemed that after all this time, I would be the one to leave her.
‘Alone?’ I tried to whimper, but the sound would not come. ‘Am I going alone?’
For once, I would not have to. As the sun came up outside and I fell into night, the last thing I saw with dimming eyes was Muttonbird’s face. She came to embrace me. I’m sure she was smiling. It was a hateful smile, but better than nothing at all.
Only Skin
Ten
The View of the Common Herd
Two plainclothes policemen fidgeted in the stone cellar, rubbing irritably at the gooseflesh on their bare arms. The coroner had insisted they keep the doors shut until the bodies could be removed, seeing as the pervasive cold had preserved them so well. But now all doors in the house stood open, and the chill was slowly dispersing.
‘Christ, Bob.’ Hank stuck his hands in his pockets. All that remained to the cellar was a chair, a pole with some cable coiled loosely on the floor at its base, and two card tables folded neatly against the wall. Even so, he did not like the place a damn bit. ‘This sort of crazy shit happens in the city, not way down here. Folk down here are decent, you know?’
Bob shook his head in pained agreement. ‘You get a look at that dead dog in the guy’s bed? That is sick. Very, very sick.’ A sticky defrosting patch in the centre of the room had recently been red ice, and Bob’s eyes wandered over it uneasily.
Hank leaned forward in the eternal pose of a conspirator. ‘Did you see him?’
‘Who?’
‘Elvis, Santa, who do you think? That guy who cut himself up. Did you see his face?’
‘Not really. If you’ll recall, I was out front with the others having to shoot that bloody pack of feral crazy dogs while you “stood guard” in here. Which, I might mention, was after we found that woman the dogs ran down.’
‘You nearly pissed yourself …’
‘I nearly bloody trod in her!’
‘Bloody would have been right.’
‘Do you mind?’ On one hand Bob had recovered enough to stop screaming about it now, but on the other he could still taste nausea and fright at the back of his throat. ‘Was the big dog that did it all, I’ll bet; that bastard with the white foot. He was the first to charge us, and the others just followed along. That animal handler from the pound went off in an ambulance, him and his stupid stick.’
‘No offence, but serves that nutbag right. Who tries to talk to dumb nasty animals like that? The white-footed brute had a go at the windows while I was walking ‘round the house.’ Hank laughed nervously. ‘Thought he might actually bust through and get me, for a while there. Luckily you guys came ‘round the side when you did; he quit to go after you.’
‘You’re welcome,’ Bob said sourly.
‘But that cut up guy. I tell you, it’s no wonder nobody suspected him over the missing people.’
‘Why?’
‘Well.’ Hank paused. He had a finely tuned, much inflated sense of the dramatic. ‘You’d expect a freak like that to look different. Some hint of what he’s capable of, makes you think hey, this guy’s not like the rest of us. You know, something not quite right that sets your instincts off.’
‘Yeah, I guess.’
‘This guy was so everyday and ordinary that you wouldn’t pick him in a crowd. To the rest of the world, he probably never even existed.’
If you enjoyed Only Skin, please read on for the first chapter of BP Gregory’s newest novel Outermen.
Outermen
One
(Prologue One)
Work Out What They Want, Fast As You Can
I stood beside my sister the day the Capsule launched, front and centre. But only under dire threat of never hearing the end of forsaking her to wade alone, knee deep in the idealists and freaks.
Perhaps that’s how everyone finds themselves washed up on the shores of historic events, bedraggled and spitting out seaweed. The solemn witnesses elected by a mash of obligation, familial guilt and simple rote chance. It wouldn’t blow my tiny mind one bit.
Although that said, there were an awful lot of people that day. Around Angela and I a huge crowd had assembled out in the warm morning light. Recklessly grouped into an identifiable public package, might as well slap a ribbon on it. You wouldn’t catch the like of it these days!
All of us to a man squinting hopefully up at the coral dawn, as it blushed its slow way across the Shell overhead. All of us looking like jerks. Threshold Station was, of course, far too high up to see with the naked eye. Clamped firmly to the surface of the Shell itself.
We were there because the Capsule, that tiny engineered bubble of safety, would be the first manned vehicle to ever venture Outside the Shell that encircled our world. Who wouldn’t want to say they’d waved it on its way?
For the first time as a scrabbling, bickering species we stood united. Every sodding person on the planet looked up today and whispered the same question, whether it be in awe, greed, or terror. What’s Out there? Answers were sure to be forthcoming, ready or not.
The mixed crowd made an odd enough collective, from all walks of life; but social humanity delights in kicking down, so we counted our fortune that the real crazies stayed a long way off. It would only take one to really arse-up the mood. But you wouldn’t catch sight of them within bare kilometres of the dirt beneath Threshold. Couldn’t drag ‘em near with chains.
Only last year, a show went belly-up on a concept I’m sure they thought was pure shiny awesome at the time. They went ferreting out nutters and tempting them with such basic human rights as, say, housing. Food. Top of the line healthcare, let’s fix those rotting teeth of yours. And all they had to do to earn these wonders was spend a single night on camera, cowering in Threshold’s ominous shadow.
Other than a presenter needing stitches to patch his pretty face, as you can imagine the debacle went nowhere. Funny how miserable fear was like that. I’m sure the phobics wouldn’t be rooting through garbage and stewing in their own piss if they could stand to do anything about it.
So at least the weird unease of knowing Threshold lurked overhead kept the neighbourhood neat. An improvement you didn’t appreciate unless you flipped on the news to flinch from what anti-Capsule chaos and placard waving engulfed the rest of the world.
I appreciated the ever-loving crap out of it. A peace and quiet girl from way back. It was the only good reason to live here.
I hadn’t planned on attending, which Angela sodding well knew when she phoned me out of the blue. Not a peep on it, but with the ease of practice I’d been able to hear my dear sister’s brains bubbling so hot the accusation scorched down the line. Just whose side are you on, anyhow, Cathy? 
Ha. Like that warranted an answer. There was only one side. And if there’s no merciless pressuring of your own flesh and blood to back your stupendously worst call, well, then there weren’t any sodding sides left at all, were there? Just a great mass of cold, lonely folk. All bumping around together in the dark.
Besides, pending the Capsule’s return and my sister’s hasty nuptials, Angela and I would remain the entirety of each others’ worlds. So little time. Over our lifetime I’d never imagined there’d suddenly be so little of it. But it could have been worse, I suppose.
Imagine my breathless relief when every reputable officiator, and all the less dubious ones had been apologetically booked solid right up to the launch. Angela’s, it seemed, was far from the only ill-considered union spurred to fruition by the prospect of the future.
Married or not, circulating awkwardly amongst the crowd’s rabid enthusiasts like a leavening effect were a handful of folk just like Angela and I. The half-proud, half-embarrassed significant others of those thirty on board the Capsule. Those at the heart of all the fuss.
Some of these other odd ducks had dressed to the nines, but with our nondescript clothes and expressive smirks we identified like a secret society: Hey, it’s ok, we’re legit too. But look at these groupies! Can you believe all this? It was by far the warmest simpatico I’d ever embraced.
Somebody’s kid impacted my knees, bumping my thoughts loose. Shrieking preschoolers flocked about the gathering’s lower strata, in funny little home-concocted helmets that’d clearly started life as cereal boxes. Without peripheral vision they knocked awkwardly into strangers and each other.
I sure hoped their parents could tell which from which, when it came time to haul them off home. The driveway was far too late to exasperatedly yank the helmet off and discover you’d got it horribly wrong.
The costumes were a sweet way to laud the thirty … Well, I guess you could say those strapped into the Capsule were a type of explorer. Just like in the good old days of undiscovered shorelines. Idealists in pantaloons, casting off rashly in their dinky little tubs, with no worldly idea of what to be ready for. Imagine their sour disappointment; setting foot to a new frontier’s soil, only to discover the same stultifying minds everywhere. Stuffing every corner of the globe: folk who no more wished their horizons broadened than those left back home.
Although sometimes with a more brusque way of showing it. Injury to insult. The most frequent accolade those early entrepreneurs garnered was to be lashed to a stake and char-grilled. The agonising flame set with their own incriminating, lovingly inked maps. Their last vision being of that incandescent line creeping through cerulean seas, the ochre contours of deserts and high flinty mountains, leaving the world nothing but ash. Problem solved.
Setting off in an arguably more hopeful clime, our modern conquistadors had been dubbed “The Outermen.” So far as I could see, it was mainly to give this celebratory crowd something to print on their t-shirts.
But they needed a name. After all, Outermen stood way above boring, snoring grunts such as you or I. Outermen were heroes. Thirty bright, shining heroes that the media beamed relentlessly into every second of our day until folk lost their bearings in the sea of celebration and plum forgot to go to work, tricked into thinking life a holiday.
There were the interviews, a slew of endorsements (and what were sneakers to do with Outside, anyhow? Did you even need shoes beyond the Shell?). Even the time-honoured medium of an Outerman jingle, popular in the crippling tedium of the school band circuit.
I wondered when “Outerman” was likely to pop up on the income tax form’s immense scrolling list of occupations. It was an annual treat, that list. Trolling through, and realising anew just how hideously boring one’s life was. Up until recently there’d been no such word as Outerman. It certainly didn’t exist when I was born.
But now they; “they” being the public en mass, which tended to blunt any pricks of intellect, were marching about trumpeting how mankind stood poised to become a brave new name. To rule a bold new era. In short, it was nigh-impossible for the most disinterested or even overwhelmed party to block the glittering spectacle out.
Or a fearful one.
And while Outside used to be merely another country, humanity’s fearful paranoia had never really grown up. It was something you could particularly feel in big groups. The urge to burn the evidence and make it all go away had merely thickened and deepened.
Until under this new pressure of the Capsule program bursting onto the scene, some poor sods’d snapped so badly they could no longer keep pace with life. Sometimes they scrabbled for purchase for a while but always, eventually, they fled. Accumulating miserably where the dregs of society have always washed up, a sort of scum around the drain.
Our world was poised for change. Ready to bloom Outward. Those who couldn’t manage would have to content themselves with being left behind. The hard truth was, nobody cared two short cuts for anyone unable to hack it. Those lacking sympathetic support from family or friends slipped gently through the cracks. They were going off the grid, where you were rarely troubled to look at them.
The Screws were the only ones who stood resolutely by those who didn’t feel so brave. They’d pegged this whole venture as foolish, right from the beginning. They shook their collected heads sorrowfully at such dangerous romanticism. But in all honesty nobody wanted the Screws on their side.
Oh, people feared Outside, they had that right. Deeply, viscerally so. Part of the Outermen’s mystique was the way they had been rigidly fortified against such terror. When the time came, when they actually arrived Outside they’d need to accomplish better than simple hysterical screaming. They’d need to buck up and prove what humanity could do.
The Screws maintained this was all folly. Mankind would never be ready for Outside because it wasn’t a natural thing to strive to overcome normal, healthy fear. Fear was what made us who we are.
In fact, while they were at it why should humanity long to “overcome” anything? What was wrong with being human? Humanity was marvellous – something we’d realise with a foolish grin, once we got over worrying what we should and shouldn’t be.
So, the Screws’ argument was that we ought to aim to be as human as possible. And then, with that on board, why would you even bother with Outside? After all, there ain’t nothing beyond the Shell. We don’t have to impress anyone. Trying to be better than we were could only lead to failure, despair, and neurosis.
The Screws’ pessimism aside everybody (and in this context, “everybody” stood on par with “they”) knew that the clever, almost autonomous Capsule reeled Out there on its thick cable was only the first.
In a few years we’d see thousands of such habitats played Out into the dark like lures, far beyond the Shell’s embrace. Lines of them exploding from our world like  puffballs. If there was anything to be found Out there, we’d find it. And if not, well, then we’d fill it, wouldn’t we?
Faces in the crowd grinned goofily at one another, or to nobody in particular, proud and patriotic almost despite themselves. There was something intoxicating about being swept up in the moment. A part of something greater and sure.
Perhaps this was why people felt drawn to historic events. This chance to feel more than what life allowed. It likely also explained why irresistible forces of nature like my sister were so adored. She stood beside me like a bright figurehead, shading her eyes. The gleam in her long, extraordinary strawberry blond hair transformed her into a pale icon of dazzling light.
When it came to any attention, let alone such rabid public adoration, Angela’s fiancé Michael was the man to come scrambling shamelessly to lap it up. Like a big dumb retriever knocking clumsily through the room, overturning furniture, and all for a pat on the head. No modest bowing to the whimsies of fate for him, which was how all twenty-nine of the other sodding Outermen graciously handled it.
Oh no. Michael Formir fully expected other diners to be bundled from the restaurant still clutching their forks, to furnish him with an instant table. And the cheque gratis to boot! He’d explode with outrage if they dared ask payment – I nearly died of shame to witness it. In the swollen cocksure world-according-to-Michael, all this hysteria was no more than his due, finally coming home to roost.
Angela stubbornly propped up his case through a stinging haze of oxytocin. Well why not? Surely those brave enough to shoulder the risk for everybody deserve a little fucking kudos. The warm biochemical deluge made her clutch at any straw to justify her fiancé’s outlandish ego, which could fill a stadium on its own. Anything to avoid toppling the idol. The larger-than-life effigy she’d erected inside her head.
Which was pretty much how my sister dealt with everyone. Either you were like the rest of the herd, a snore to be dismissed out of hand, or she built you into something bigger and brighter than anyone had business being. And if you knew what was good for you, you’d perform. Michael sure took to it like a pig in shit. For myself, I couldn’t help feeling there was a lot to be said for the safe anonymity of snoredom.
Among the blizzard of flags I made it my business to clap and wave along with the rest. Even when Angela shot me a scathing look like I was a big fat dork, and she was sorry she’d ever brought me. I was more worried about the chance of Screws scattered throughout the crowd. I tried to keep an eye out for anyone scribbling notes. Keen whiskered weasels, on the sniff for anybody not throwing themselves wildly into the moment. For people suppressing things. They’d want to have a very serious chat to you about that. Someplace private and searingly bright. Where every layer could be stripped free.
But then again, perhaps not. I’ve been paranoid from way back, and the shade of fear often distorts simple memory into something monstrous. Screws weren’t such a big thing back in the day. If they did pounce on someone in the crowd, the worst you’d face was a lecture and a pamphlet.
Still, to my credit, following the Disaster I was the only one not wearing my shocked face when the Screws came out on top. It couldn’t have been better orchestrated for their rise. And once entrenched in power, they could do as they liked, couldn’t they? It’s only low status that corrals one within the bounds of decency.
With a stifled bellow the Capsule shuddered. As one we all flinched back, and then coherency broke apart in nervous titters and whispers. The mighty engines needed to reach the Shell were raring to throw off the constraints that protected the frail Outermen inside. Keen, in the way of combustion, to throw off all bounds of functionality, to become a glorious freed explosion.
Far more could have been achieved in half the time, of course, using automated probes and the like. But sitting on the sidelines watching a screen would never satisfy humanity. Sod our drive to get in there and stir the guts with our own hands before we’d concede that anything might dare be real.
Beautiful in the dawn, Angela only had eyes for the roaring Capsule. But I watched her. There were tears welling, which was getting to be quite the tradition where her relationship was concerned. They broke and spilled down her cheeks, emphasising the purity of her face to such a degree that people either side gazed at her in awe.
I really couldn’t blame anyone for coveting my sister. She was Angela, anyone would love her. Fierce. Bold. Sharp enough to slice a straight razor in two. But I recognised Michael’s sort, and would’ve vastly preferred he’d kept his sodding urges to himself. At least to the extent the useless git was capable of feelings, beyond making kissy-face to himself in a mirror. Wishful thinking, I know. Such jerks could never keep anything to themselves. They had to spread it around, foul up the water for everyone.
Respecting my sister’s adult decisions was one thing. But how on earth could I wish Michael on anyone?
Unfortunately, the one time I sat Angela down and tried to lay it all out over lunch wasn’t one of my prouder moments. In slow motion things rapidly degenerated into a farce of the grandest scale, I couldn’t have done worse if I’d tried.
Angela merely waited, silent and stony-faced, so I could appreciate the melodic sound of hanging myself. All the incriminating fragments that’d meshed so seamlessly in my brain tumbled out piecemeal. What did I hear? Neurotic chunks of baseless resentment. Whining. And we got together so seldom these days. Why was I ruining a perfectly good meal?
Eventually I gave up and meandered to a pointless halt, defeated, and dreadfully sorry I’d ever started. Ignored, our soup was cooling on the table between us, with a big plate of crusty bread neither of us had touched. But after spending all morning painstakingly roasting the sting out of garlic and sweating chunks of sweet potato into buttery melting goodness, I found dread left no room for appetite.
Angela made sure I was good and done. Which I was, shamefacedly. Well fatguts, you brought this on yourself.
Then she took a deep, measured breath and raked me with one of her matter-of-fact looks. With her jaded eyes that knew how the world was wired. Those eyes sneered: I’ve got your number, Cathy. You’d better fucking believe it. Better than anyone, I know what you’re about. Which made my face burn, which I hated. She only brought it out when she was right on the sodding money and about to tell you all about it.
‘Cathy, hon, I get that you have this “thing” against lying. And I’m sure it sounds all noble and pure within that thick skull of yours, but it shouldn’t automatically translate into blurting out everything you see as the truth.
‘Just for a second, try entertaining the idea that your truth isn’t the be-all for the entire world. Otherwise you’ll just keep making yourself look as foolish as you did then.’
Despite my best efforts my face was tightening into offended immobility. And Angela did know me better than anyone, no fibbing there. She softened a bit, reconfigured her approach.
‘Look, seeing as you never have anything nice to say anyhow, I’m not implying you should make shit up or anything. But it wouldn’t kill you to keep things a bit closer to your chest. You know. Just on the vague off chance someday you might be wrong.’
Her expressive lips quirked, daring me to join her in a smile. Ends of her long hair in her soup. It was a difficult invite to resist; by then, I just wanted out of the whole miserable topic.
‘I guess I could give that a go,’ I mumbled.
‘Especially seeing as the only thing you fancy less than lying is arguing,’ she added archly. ‘Best keep yourself well clear of both. I won’t always be around to do it for you, now, will I?’
Ah. So that’s what this pep talk was really all about. I was getting my due warning that following her joyous nuptials, keeping me out of trouble would no longer be Angela’s sisterly duty.
That’s it, time to be a grownup, fatguts. Cough up those ideals you can’t really afford.
Angela nodded briskly as though I’d come to agreement merely by sitting and staring sullenly at the table. Such conflict had never bothered her, she throve on it. Anything to keep the excitement flowing. Even now it pinkened her cheeks.
‘Now hurry up and eat your lunch. It’s getting cold.’
Out of options, I choked it down meekly like a good girl.
Slowly, a column of grade-A pollution pushed the Capsule on its way up to the Shell. To Threshold Station, where they had dared to cut a hole in our sky.
It was all so far above our heads that the naked eye couldn’t pick anything out. Not even a speck on the beautiful morning that unfurled across the Shell’s inner curve. Yet stop to ask anyone on the street, and they’d turn and point confidently to Threshold. Invariably incorrectly, but that didn’t prevent every human being on earth being convinced of their native ability to just feel where the Shell had been violated.
I ought to have been swept up in the excitement, all of these people hollering and waving their arms in the air, dancing around, embracing strangers. Instead I couldn’t help wondering if we’d all be stuck breathing the Capsule’s filthy launch-exhaust forever, endlessly recycled around.
Or if, when Threshold opened its trapdoor to outside, the stink was likely to rise and leak away through the hole.
Memory being a traitorous beast, I was thrust for a moment back amongst the vivid fears that’d piled on when they first began cutting through the Shell. Doubtless I wasn’t the only one to have endured bad dreams. But to awaken sweat-soaked and trembling is a special sort of nightmare when you live alone. You have to push it from your mind as fast as possible. Brighten up the place with clatter and noise. You absolutely can’t afford your home to become infested by a creeping dread of the dark – you’d never be able to live there anymore.
I didn’t dream of strange whispering voices, not like Angela. Things that get inside your skull and start gnawing. I recall when we were little she was particularly prone to vivid dreams and sleepwalking: the voices, always with the voices. At first they only exasperated her with their refusal to shut up, although fear followed quickly after. That would all be Michael’s problem now.
I dreamt of suffocation.
During those exhausting months while they worked away at Threshold, my nights were all stifling nightmares. Dreams where they broke through the Shell, and all our air promptly leaked away. The whole world.
Like a low-flying aeroplane my dream eye would zoom everywhere and it was always the same thing. I saw everyone forced choking to their knees in a scrabbling panic. Clawing at their blue faces. And then face-down in the dust. A few managed to run, to seal themselves in buildings but their deaths only came slower. And all because of no greater malice than the curiosity and hubris of a few careless people.
The most horrible part was how for all their desperation, nobody was able to help or comfort a single person they loved. Not their partners, writhing beside them on the ground. Nor children convulsing and weeping just beyond arm’s reach. Everybody died alone, within the closed-off ramparts of self.
I remember holding my breath and trying with what was left of my hoarded air to phone Angela. The very best I could manage was to collapse flat in the kitchen, like a flan dropped on tile. The sound of the dial tone went away with the air. My poor sister would be so scared, and I couldn’t even tell her I loved her.
When I woke each morning I almost picked up the phone, before remembering that Angela wasn’t waking alone. Eventually the construction up at Threshold stopped, and so did my dreams. I’d forgotten about them until now.
Suddenly I felt short of breath, and dizzy enough to miss my balance. I stared up, along with everyone else, through a forest of waving arms that seemed to stutter and strobe against the bright sky. Up, up the inside of the Shell. So terrifyingly huge and far away. What right did humanity have, to be messing with something so immense? So incredibly beyond us?
Was I having a panic attack? My fears certainly weren’t rational. Everybody already knew there was air Outside. But then, why did the Outermen wear helmets? Why would the Shell exist at all unless we needed it?
A scientist would doubtless know, an expert. Me, I was merely a scared, ignorant person. Staring wide-eyed up at the sky with sweat rolling down my face while the crowd crashed and surged around me. Exactly the credulous everyday breed that politicians love, and the science-folk hate with a passion.
In her impatient way, Angela used to comfort me over shit like this when we were very small. Oh for goodness’ sake, be brave Cathy! I was often too timid to try this or do that, to go on the adventures she craved. Now she stood right beside me and I couldn’t even open my mouth.
My chest hurt. I pushed on it with both hands, trying to remind my lungs they had a sodding job to do. In my current state of dreamy panic, boobs came as an odd surprise. I’d recalled being a cowardly kid so vividly, it felt like only yesterday. The good old days, when my chest’d been flat as a pancake and I’d been free to toddle around wearing whatever I pleased. Fairy wings to dinner. A superhero cape. Even a cereal box on my head?
That brought a smile, and thankfully the band of constriction eased.
Once the Capsule had lifted beyond sight, there wasn’t much left to celebrate. Talk about a comedown. A last few hurrahs shivered through the mass, before petering out awkwardly. There was no longer enough group identity to hold it all together. Even those most enthused to keep the rush going gradually dropped their waving hands, and reluctantly returned to being individuals.
A fresh breeze began sweeping away the launch’s stink, stirring Angela’s bright hair about her thin shoulders. This was why inspiring films always roll credits at the summit of triumph. Once the ordinary folk have enjoyed their three cheers, everyday life must come creeping back to fill the void. Nobody wants to find themselves watching that.
People glanced uncertainly to the milling strangers either side, restless for a cue as to what to do next. And finally, my sister looked away from the sky, wiping her eyes. The very last to do so. Angela hurried for nobody, and was never at a loss – in the unlikely event she ever might be, I’m sure she’d fake it so brilliantly nobody could claim to tell the difference. 
When she turned to face me sadness was tucked away in whatever pocket she stashed it, and her game-face was cranked to maximum. All flawless confidence and smiles. ‘So, what do you reckon, Cathy? Coffee next?’
‘And bacon!’ Neither of us had stopped for breakfast, the key difference being my sister could ill afford further weight loss. She’d eat, if I had to sit there and pipe it down her neck like a frail baby bird.
Women stack on weight when happy and confident in their relationship. They metamorphose into a sort of walking advertisement of content, all cuddly and curvy and smiley. What they don’t do is whittle helplessly down to pallid skin and quick, angular movements. A grin so thin you can see through to the other side.
Angela, so brilliant in other matters, had quite simply picked the wrong man. And she was the only one who couldn’t stand to admit it, which was a cruel shame. Even should you turn a wilfully blind eye to it, the truth remains true. It’s stubborn like that.
Truth was, in fact, everything.
Your ability to accept what was true in the world dictated whether you grappled with reality on its own terms, or retreated to fanciful dreams like a child with hands over its face. Huddled on the floor with blocking, negating palms pressed against your ears, la la la, I can’t hear you. A fist crammed down your throat.
I was dead right, and as impossible as it would have been, I ought to have insisted on it somehow. But instead, I kept my big trap shut on the matter, exactly as dear Angela commanded. She strode off in search of breakfast, and I trailed obediently along in her wake.
"I was the man at the beach. I have a name, and it is not God."
Written as a youthful love-tribute to the city and its surrounds, horror novelette Only Skin is also available in print.
For more information, more stories or to stay in touch for new releases follow BP Gregory on Twitter, Facebook, or visit the website at  http://www.popgoesthebrainstem.com 
Also by BP Gregory
Novels
Outermen
Automatons
Only Skin
Short Stories
Terry
The Self Made Man
Economy
Stow
Glory
Submerged
Mould
Strangers
The Elevator Story
Drive
What a View
Follow
Promise
Commitment
It’s All About The Love
The Man’s Heart
Short Story Collections
Orotund – Collected Short Stories Volume Two
Cacophony – Collected Short Stories Volume One
New Novel Coming Soon
Something for Everything

A sky without a sun. A world with no universe. Mankind's one and only attempt at greatness left society irreparably warped, inheritors to a legacy of fear. Bland normality now to Cath who lost everything in the bargain, even coffee. But she's not going to get to cower in her quiet life much longer.
The man who unleashed it all thinks he can change everyone's destiny, for better this time. And willing or not he'll need Catherine to do it.

Perhaps the world ended, and we brought it on ourselves. But only Joyce noticed the whimper. And she might just be tits-out crazy.
Along with smarmy Sam, life’s impossible tourist, a trucker’s death draws Joyce down the last highway into the desert’s beating heart. And at the Judgment Day Diner they will be caught up in a maelstrom of adultery, lies and hidden violence.
Intended for adult readers, Automatons is a stripping bare of the ways people stumble blindly down the same old paths, and how we find it so much easier to be humane to our technology rather than each other.


A suite of short science fiction, fantasy and horror stories by BP Gregory, each its own little maelstrom of human suffering and longing. Writer and avid reader, the author was always an oddment to justify the most terrible things. With such tales, you shouldn't always feel comfortable or safe. 
Horror! Sci-fi! All manner of strange happenings! Writer and avid reader, BP Gregory was always the sort of oddment compelled to justify even the most terrible things. With such tales, you shouldn’t always feel comfortable or safe.

For more information, more stories or to stay in touch for new releases follow BP Gregory on Twitter, Facebook, or visit the website at http://www.popgoesthebrainstem.com


