Copyright © 2007 by Staci Layne Wilson, A Running Free Press Paperback

Copyright © 2012 by Staci Layne Wilson Updated and Text Revised for Kindle, Nook, et al.



All rights reserved.
No portion of this book may be transmitted or reproduced in any form, or by any means, without permission in writing from Staci Layne Wilson, with the exception of brief excerpts used for the purposes of review.

 



Also by Staci Layne Wilson 

Non-Fiction

Animal Movies Guide 
The Horse's Choice 

Fiction

Animal Magnetism
Dark Lullaby
Ghost Writer
Horrors of the Holy
Rock & Roll Fantasy
The Dance
The Life & Times of Rapunzel

Short Films

The Key to Annabel Lee: A Woman in Triptych
The Night Plays Tricks

Stories & Chapters

150 Forgotten Horror Films
Dark Delicacies Presents: Conjuring Dark Delicacies
Dark Delicacies Presents: FRAMED
Dark Delicacies Presents: The Altruistic Alphabet
Femme de la Brume
Haunted Encounters
Have a Heart for Horror
Horse Tales for the Soul, Vol 1
Horse Tales for the Soul, Vol 2
Horses and Their Women
Nasty Snips
Seductions
The Night Has Teeth
Tourniquet Heart 
 


A Note from the Author:

	I can’t see a clock that reads “3:15” without thinking of The Amityville Horror (1979). That film made quite an impression on me when I saw it as a young teen, and of course at the time I never dreamt that my career would one day lead me to interview the occupant of the actual haunted house that inspired the book and the film, George Lutz. 

	This was in 2005, when The Amityville Horror remake was released, and there was some legal controversy about the use of Mr. Lutz’s name in connection with things the character in that film does. At any rate, I was in touch with him via telephone and email up until the time of his death in May of 2006. (In case you are wondering… I have not heard from Mr. Lutz since!) In the course of my work, I’ve considered myself quite lucky to meet many of the people connected with the films covered here. 

	I love ghost movies, so I figured writing this book (and its companion, Modern Ghost Movies) would be a breeze. But then, as I began sifting through my research, I realized that not everyone’s opinion of what a ghost movie is, is the same.

	First of all, what is a ghost? Taking it to its most basic level, the dictionary says, it’s “The disembodied soul; the soul or spirit of a deceased person; a spirit appearing after death; an apparition; a specter.”

	When deciding which movies to include and which to discard, slippery slopes for me included films featuring spirits in purgatory, angels, demons, and sometimes even zombies. To my mind, a zombie is a body without a soul; while a ghost is a spirit without a body of its own. But what about purgatory? And what of the possession theme? 

	If the ghost is not clearly identified as once having been a human being or an animal, then it doesn’t count — for example, The Exorcist (1973) won’t be found here, because the young girl’s body was seized by legions of demons. But you will find a listing for The Possession of Joel Delaney (1972), because in that film the possessor is clearly identified as the ghost of a recently-deceased man (this is similar to reincarnation; I’ve included reincarnation films as long as a spirit of the person who once lived is aware of their purpose).

	There are quite a few films, particularly in this volume, that aren’t actually ghost movies at all; a lot of these were propaganda films produced in the 1930s and 40s, revealing in the end that the “ghosts” were Nazis toiling away at nefarious plots in big, old houses. Swap your Nazi for a criminal mastermind, a cunning gypsy-type, or an insane old woman, and there you have a few more twists on that common theme. Still, since they have all the hallmarks of a ghost movie until the end, many of those are included here.

	I found the patterns quite interesting to follow, as I explored movies for this book. In the 1920s and 30s, there was a more romantic, or naval-gazing theme to the ghost movies; a lot of lost loves, or souls in purgatory looking back on their lives. Comedies were more prevalent in the 30s, 40s, and 60s. The 50s ghost movies tended to be more somber, while the truly malevolent cinematic spirits really came forth in the 1970s. As the slasher-flick gained popularity, ghost films of the late 70s and early 80s became quite gory.

	Mystery, drama, twists, and the Asian influence came to the fore in the late 1990s and into the 2000s, and those are the themes I explore in Modern Ghost Movies. 

	I hope 50 Years of Ghost Movies will introduce you to some new films, rekindle some old remembrances, and perhaps even help you steer clear of some misleading titles.


Staci Layne Wilson
March 1, 2007


Please refer to the 2013 “Afterword” for further information on this e- only edition and updates to the text.


The 1930s


1935


Fantasy of the Monastery, The 
Directed by	Fernando de Fuentes
Written by	Juan Bustillo Oro, Fernando de Fuentes, Jorge Pezet

Plot synopsis
When a married couple and their friend get lost in dark forest, they are found by a strange monk and taken to the derelict monastery where he resides. Once there, the trio becomes the target of a seductive spirit. 

Ghost Goes West, The 
Directed by	René Clair
Written by	René Clair, Eric Keown, Robert E. Sherwood
Based on	a scenario by Geoffrey Kerr

Plot synopsis / Review
When a haunted Scottish castle is dismantled and taken brick by brick to Florida, a kilted ghost “goes west” along with his long-time abode. Robert Donat plays dual roles as the mischievous ghost and his 20th century American descendent — comedy and romance is in the air when a beautiful woman (Jean Parker) enters the picture. Look for Elsa “Bride of Frankenstein” Lanchester in a small but delightful role. 

Director René Clair was known for his surrealist, strikingly beautiful films in the silent era; in this, his first English-language film, he brings some of that style forth but it’s tempered by the demand of the comic medium. A few years later, he would go on to direct another beloved supernatural romantic comedy, I Married a Witch (which starred the luminous Veronica Lake). All of the actors in The Ghost Goes West are quite appealing in their roles, and the obviously Canterville Ghost inspired plot is predictable but frothy fun.

For fans of The Ghost Goes West
I also recommend: Haunted Honeymoon (1986), and The Canterville Ghost (1946).

Phantom Light, The 
Directed by	Michael Powell
Written by	Jefferson J. Farjeon, Austin Melford
Based on	the play The Haunted Light by Joan Roy Byford

Plot synopsis
After a lighthouse keeper is mysteriously murdered, ships begin to wreck in the glow of his spooky spotlight.

Return of Peter Grimm, The 
Directed by	George Nichols Jr.
Written by	Francis Edward Faragoh
Based on	the play by David Belasco

Plot synopsis
Don’t you hate meddling relatives? How about meddling relatives who are dead? In this comedic fantasy, a man comes back from the spirit world to prevent the marriage of one of his descendants.

Scoundrel, The 
Directed by	Ben Hect
Written by	Charles MacArthur

Plot synopsis
Who will shed a tear for the deceased scoundrel (Noel Coward)? Hopefully somebody will — and soon — or the annoying apparition will be forced to haunt the earth forever.

Scrooge 
Directed by	  Henry Edwards
Written by	  H. Fowler Mear
Based on	  the novel A Christmas Carol by Charles Dickens

Plot synopsis
The first feature-length “talkie” production of A Christmas Carol takes place in 1845 London and centers on the conversion of Ebenezer Scrooge from miser to giver. Sir Seymour Hicks, one of England’s most celebrated stage actors, was no stranger to the title role: He played the haunted humbug in the play, and on-screen in the 1913 version. The ghosts of Christmas Past, Present and Future are portrayed respectively by Marie Ney, Oscar Asche and C.V. France.

Vanishing Riders, The 
Directed by	  Robert F. Hill
Written by	  Oliver Drake

Plot synopsis
When Sheriff Bill Jones (Bill Cody) kills an outlaw, he adopts the man’s young son. On what is believed to be a haunted ranch, the pair uncovers a ring of cattle thieves.



1936


Charlie Chan’s Secret 
Directed by	Gordon Wiles
Written by	Robert Ellis

Plot synopsis / Review
When the heir to a family fortune who was presumed lost at sea for several years unexpectedly turns up at home and is promptly murdered, the renown detective Charlie Chan (Warner Oland) is called in. Otherworldly forces are blamed, so Chan conducts a séance to get to the truth.

Part comedy, part ghost story, and all mystery, Charlie Chan’s Secret is one of the more fun films in the franchise — I love them all, but the supernatural elements in this well-plotted tale make for some super-spooky fun. 

For fans of Charlie Chan’s Secret
I also recommend: The Falcon in Hollywood (1980), and After the Thin Man (1936).

Last of the Warrens 
Directed by	Robert N. Bradbury
Written by	Robert N. Bradbury

Plot synopsis
A war hero turned cowboy must pose as ghost to wrest a confession from a bad guy.

Pennies From Heaven 
Directed by	Norman Z. McLeod
Written by	Jo Swerling
Based on	the novel The Peacock’s Feather by Katherine Leslie Moore
Tagline	Drifting along on a prayer and a song.

Plot synopsis
Bing Crosby plays a singer who unwittingly presents a haunted house to a needy family. Luckily, both Bing and the ghost can carry a tune.

Tender Enemy, The 
Directed by	Max Ophüls
Written by	Curt Alexander
Based on	the novel L’ennemie by André-Paul Antoine

Plot synopsis
Don’t fall in love with the enemy, Annette (Simone Berriau). If you do, you might become one of the ghosts who’s earthbound to her — during an engagement party for their daughter, Annette’s late husband meets and reminisces with the ghosts of two of her former lovers: Her first sweetheart, and a Parisian lion-tamer called Rodrigo the Conqueror.


1937


All Over Town  
Directed by	James W. Horne
Written by	Jerome Chodorov, Richard English

Plot synopsis
Two intrepid entertainers try to put on a show in a theater that is reputedly haunted.

Dybuk 
Directed by	Michal Waszynski
Written by	S.A. Kacyzna
Based on	the play by Sholom Ansky

Plot synopsis
’Dybuk’ is the Yiddish word for a wronged soul that takes possession of a living body; after two men betroth their son and daughter, one of the kiddies dies and becomes a dybuk. Also recommended: The movie Devil Doll (1964).

Maytime 
Directed by	Robert Z. Leonard
Written by	Noel Langley
Based on	the play by Rida Johnson Young
Tagline	Forbidden love... Fatal consequences.

Plot synopsis
Jeanette MacDonald and Nelson Eddy sing and romance their way through this charming tale of ill-fated lovers.

Thirteenth Chair, The 
Directed by	George B. Seitz
Written by	Marion Parsonnet
Based on	the play by Bayard Veiller

Plot synopsis
A mysterious thriller about a man who is so obsessed by his friend’s death that he winds up joining him in the afterlife. Séances are conducted by those left behind to find out what really happened.

Topper 
Directed by	Norman Z. McLeod
Written by	Eric Hatch, Jack Jevne, Eddie Moran
Based on	the novel The Jovial Ghosts by Thorne Smith

Plot synopsis / Review
The late thirties and early forties were the golden age of the "screwball comedy" — completely preposterous plots, buoyed by blinding star power, witty dialogue and not a few martinis. Remember The Thin Man? My Man Godfrey? Those are great examples of the genre, but if you like a little boo with your banter, Topper is for you. 

When it was released Topper was a hit and it remains popular to this day. It inspired two sequels, Topper Takes a Trip and Topper Returns, plus a 1950s television series. However, the movie was controversial when it made its debut in 1937. The gentle, whimsical comedy about pre-Casper friendly ghosts was scorned by the religious-right for morbidity, disrespecting the dead, and for indulging in the supernatural. In spite of this, Topper was the first feature film about ghosts that succeeded both at the box office and among critics.

Constance Bennett and Cary Grant play Marion and George Kerby, breezy, freewheeling young marrieds whose unrestrained lifestyle is the talk of the town. On a particularly wild evening, the Kerbys tool around in their gleaming new sports car; unfortunately, George, at the wheel, zigs when he should have zagged, and the roadster careens off the road and smashes into a tree, killing the capricious couple. 

But no matter; death isn’t permanent in Toppertown. Seconds later, the diaphanous duo glide from the smoking debris, behaving as if nothing had happened. Upon realizing that they’re dead as doornails, the Kerbys also realize that they haven’t been immediately snatched up into the big cocktail party in sky. 

Determining that they’re required to perform one good deed before being allowed past the Pearly Gates, George and Marion set about to “loosen up” stuffy, dull, henpecked banker Cosmo Topper (Roland Young). At first he’s resistant to the charms of his invisible benefactors, and here the comedy really goes screwball. As with The Ghost and Mrs. Muir, some of the funniest scenes are those in which only the haunted can see and hear the mischievous specters. 

For fans of Topper
I also recommend: Blythe Spirit (1945), and Heaven Can Wait (1978).


1938


Christmas Carol, A 
Directed by	Edwin L. Marin
Written by	Hugo Butler
Based on	the novel by Charles Dickens

Plot synopsis
Ebenezer Scrooge (Reginald Owen) is a bitter old merchant who learns the true meaning of the holidays when a trio of spirits visits him on Christmas Eve to show him the error of his ways.

Missing Guest, The 
Directed by	John Rawlins
Written by	Charles Martin, Paul Perez
Based on	the novel by Edgar Wallace

Plot synopsis 
When one of the guests at a creaky old mansion disappears from his room, the other lodgers fear that he may have joined the resident ghosts.


1939


Cat and the Canary, The 
Directed by	Elliott Nugent
Written by	Walter DeLeon, Lynn Starling	
Based on	the play by John Willard

Plot synopsis
Bob Hope and Paulette Goddard are among the cast in this comedic take on the classic play that follows an assemblage of greedy suspects who gather in a haunted old house in New Orleans to hear the reading of a will.

Hound of the Baskervilles, The 
Directed by	Sidney Lanfield
Written by	Ernest Pascal
Based on	the novel by Sir Arthur Conan Doyle

Plot synopsis / Review
In this, the first film installment of the devious detective’s deductive adventures, Sherlock and Dr. Watson (Nigel Bruce) find themselves on the misty moors, where a ghostly hound (played by Chief, a Great Dane) howls incessantly. What’s all the baying about? Could it be the phantom echo of an insidious crime? The game is afoot! There have been dozens of Sherlock Holmes movies and TV shows made since then; Hound of the Baskervilles was remade in 1959, 1972, 1978, 1983, 1988, and 2000. 

Although I can’t really decide who I like better as Holmes — Basil Rathbone or Jeremy Brett — the character is at his case-cracking best in this story (and it’s one of the few in which Watson takes center-stage), and the spooky plot is beyond reproach. Beautifully filmed, well-acted and briskly directed, The Hound of the Baskervilles is a must-see.

For fans of Hound of the Baskervilles
I also recommend: The Woman in Green (1945), and Murder on the Orient Express (1974).

I Accuse! 
Directed by	Abel Gance
Written by	Abel Gance, Steve Passeur

Plot synopsis
The ghosts of those killed in World War I rise from their graves to accuse war-mongers of their misdeeds.

Miracles for Sale 
Directed by	Tod Browning
Written by	Harry Ruskin
Based on	the novel Death From a Top Hat by Clayton Rawson

Plot synopsis
Robert Young plays Mike Morgan, proprietor of a business called Miracles for Sale, which provides tricks to magicians. In the underworld of the carnivals and sideshows, Morgan seeks to expose a fake spiritualist… but the ghosts might be real!

Topper Takes a Trip 
Directed by	Norman Z. McLeod
Written by	Jack Jevne, Eddie Moran, Corey Ford
Based on	the novel by Thorne Smith

Plot synopsis
Cary Grant took a pass on returning as one of the jovial ghosts for this sequel to 1937’s Topper, but Constance Bennett is back as Mrs. Kirby and she is still merrily meddling in Cosmo Topper’s (Roland Young) life.

Wuthering Heights 
Directed by	William Wyler
Written by	Ben Hect, Charles MacArthur
Based on	the novel by Emily Brontë
Tagline	I am torn by desire... tortured by hate!

Plot synopsis / Review
Wuthering Heights is a somber, serious, and tragic-romantic tale based on the 1847 best-selling literary masterpiece by Emily Brontë — well, based on half of it, anyway. It was obviously the important half (for cinematic purposes) or this film version would not have survived for all this time. Despite rankling from the ranks of literary purists, Wuthering Heights has remained a pinnacle for lovers of supernatural weepies.

It’s 1901 when the film opens, and it’s a bitter and cold winter. A woman can be heard outside on the moors, her reedy voice carried by the winds. A man by the name of Lockwood (Miles Mander) has just rented an English manor house called Thrushcross Grange in the isolated countryside. His taciturn landlord, Heathcliff (Laurence Olivier) lives just a few miles away in the crumbling, ancient manor of Wuthering Heights — and Lockwood finds himself strangely compelled by the quiet man. 

The new tenant is determined to uncover what he is sure is Heathcliff’s dark past and as the story unfolds, the movie goes back in time — to a time when Heathcliff was young and in love with the spirited Cathy (Merle Oberon). He learns how their love, though threatened and warped, never died. Lockwood is convinced that Cathy’s restless ghost still wanders the moors and that she waits only for Heathcliff to join her in eternity.

Wuthering Heights is pure melodrama, but it is beautifully cast (not only by physically handsome leads, but by actors who could really act — their performances sizzle… probably because in real life Olivier and Oberon despised one another) and the talent behind the camera is stellar. The dreamy, dark story is meticulously filmed with haunting beauty by Greg Toland (who also shot Citizen Kane); produced with panache by Sam Goldwyn; and winningly directed by William Wyler.

Although Wuthering Heights has seen the silver screen and the small screen in several versions — many fuller, and more true to the book — there is something undeniably magic and electric about the 1939 version.

For fans of Wuthering Heights
I also recommend: Rebecca (1940), and Gothic (1986).


 
The 1940s


1940

Beyond Tomorrow 
Directed by	A. Edward Sutherland
Written by	Adele Comandini   
Tagline	What these three missed in life, they share with young romance.

Plot synopsis 
Schmaltzy fun as three old ghosts (Charles Winninger, C. Aubrey Smith and Harry Carey) try to help a lovelorn young couple during the Christmas holidays.

Blondie Has Servant Trouble 
Directed by	Frank R. Strayer
Written by	Albert Duffy, Richard Flournoy
Based on	the comic strip by Chic Young

Plot synopsis 
Good help is hard to find, especially for Blondie Bumstead (Penny Sinleton) after she and her hapless hubby Dagwood (Arthur Lake) move into a haunted house. Slapstick blends seamlessly with spookiness in this light-fare, appealing comedy. Blondie Has Servant Trouble is the sixth entry in the popular film series of 20+ movies.

Earthbound 
Directed by	Irving Pichel
Written by	Samuel G. Engel, Basil King, John Howard Lawson

Plot synopsis
A murdered man’s ghost returns to his wife to help her solve the mystery of who killed him. This a remake of a film first made in 1920.

Fantasia 
Directed by	various
Written by	various
Tagline	Walt Disney’s Technicolor triumph!

Plot synopsis 
Set to the great works of classical music, this collection of animated featurettes is rife with supernatural symbolism, myths, fables, and yes: Ghosts.

Ghost Breakers, The 
Directed by	George Marshall
Written by	Walter DeLeon
Based on	the play by Paul Dickey and Charles W. Goddard
Tagline	The two stars of The Cat and the Canary find love and laughter in a haunted house!

Plot synopsis
Bob Hope and Paulette Goddard are back together again, this time dealing with supernatural themes with a smile and song. Set in Cuba, voodoo and zombies are just part of the ghostly shenanigans.

Ghost Creeps, The 
Directed by	Joseph H. Lewis
Written by	William Lively
Tagline	The story of men in the making by just plain American boys!

Plot synopsis
Getting murdered in a haunted house may not seem like the best basis for a slapstick comedy, but The East Side Kids thought so and they made the most of it mugging, running, and shouting in New Yawk accents. 

Rebecca 
Directed by	Alfred Hitchcock
Written by	Philip MacDonald
Based on	the novel by Daphne Du Maurier
Tagline	The shadow of this woman darkened their love.

Plot synopsis / Review
Rebecca de Winter is dead and whether her immortal soul intends it or not, her specter haunts the lives of three people: Her husband Maxim (Laurence Olivier), her devoted servant Mrs. Danvers (Judith Anderson), and most of all, the second Mrs. De Winter (Joan Fontaine).

Based on a beautifully written baroque novel by Daphne Du Maurier, this equally beautifully realized film was directed by Alfred Hitchcock (even under the iron rule of producer David O. Selznick, Hitchcock’s genius — if not his trademark style — shines through) and shot in lush, silvery black and white by the meticulous George Barnes (who won an Academy Award for his work here).

When we meet the second Mrs. De Winter (who is never named, so overshadowed is she by the dead Rebecca) she is a shy, mousy girl — but it’s just that naiveté and sweetness which attracts the wealthy, aristocratic Maxim de Winter to her. He needs a change of pace after suffering Rebecca’s cold and haughty sophisticated ways. After a whirlwind courtship, the two marry and move to Maxim’s family manor in England, Manderley. Once there, the second Mrs. De Winter is mercilessly haunted by Rebecca — in more ways than one.

Laurence Olivier and Joan Fontaine have superlative chemistry onscreen, and the rest of the cast is wonderful, too: Especially Judith Anderson in all her sinister sincerity as the obsessively bereaved Mrs. Danvers, and George Sanders as a snide, vile character from Rebecca’s shady past.

This masterful film keeps you gasping with apprehension as the vines of mystery and suspense turn, tangle and twist to their shocking climax. A few TV remakes of Rebecca have followed, but there is no “following” this classic gothic ghost story — it is the best of the best.

For fans of Rebecca
I also recommend: Spellbound (1945), and Don’t Look Now (1973).

Spellbound 
Directed by	John Harlow
Written by	Hugh Benson , Miles Malleson

Plot synopsis
Also known as The Spell of Amy Nugent, Ghost Story and Passing Clouds, Spellbound is the story of a man who loses his wife to cruel death and in his desperation, hires a spiritualist to speak with her.


1941


Devil Commands, The
Directed by	Edward Dmytryk
Written by	Robert Hardy Andrews, Milton Gunzburg
Based on	the novel The Edge of Running Water by William Sloane   
Tagline	This mad wizard kills at will in Satan’s service!

Plot synopsis
When the Devil commands…Boris Karloff obeys! Actually, the title is somewhat of a come-on. There’s nothing Satanic about this movie. Karloff’s character is motivated by love, devotion and grief; not anything sinister. And despite what the tagline touts, he doesn’t kill anyone… not on purpose, anyway.

This 1941 black and white horror / sci-fi B-flick starts off with a wide shot on a cliff-perched mansion set against a New England rainstorm at night. A woman’s ominous narration sets the scene, then we flash back to where the terror began.

Dr. Julian Blair (Boris Karloff) is a dapper research scientist working on a new machine that records brain waves. His goal is to replace radio and television with human telepathy. He’s discovered that a woman’s brain waves are the very strongest, and his wife Anne (Amanda Duff) is the perfect subject to show his early findings off to his colleagues. With all the stuffy scientists gathered round, Anne dons a big metal helmet with lots of electrical doodads on it and a graph records the waves of her thoughts for all to see. Just when it seems as though the Blairs on the verge of a major scientific breakthrough, tragedy strikes.

Anne is killed in a car wreck… but Blair becomes convinced that she is not truly gone when his brain wave machine starts picking up stray communiqués that seem to be from his departed dear. In an intriguing turn of events, Blair teams up with a dark-hearted spiritual medium, Mrs. Walters (Anne Revere). Along with Blair’s deformed assistant (Ralph Penney) the depraved duo embark on a perilous journey to the underworld in a desperate attempt to bring Anne’s spirit back to the mortal plane. 

The need for fresh corpses to aid them in their work compels them to move to a lonely, Cliffside mansion that’s not far from a cemetery — before long, the townspeople grow suspicious and in a rather amusing scene they wind up storming the home with the then modern-day equivalent of torches and pitchforks (flashlights and two-by-fours). But it’s not over yet… you’ll have to see this very short, fast-moving movie yourself to find out what ultimately happens.

While the characters are nothing new or different, and director Edward Dmytryk’s style is rather bland, the actors do their damnedest to add some dimension. As Dr. Blair, Karloff starts off quite well-dressed, nicely composed and articulate, then after his wife’s death he unravels in subtle but obvious physical and mental ways. As always, he commands the screen. However, Revere is equally impressive as the cold, calculating clairvoyant whose only goal is the fame and fortune that unlocking of the spiritual world will bring her. The two have a good onscreen dynamic, and Penney fits in adequately as the third wheel.

If you like horror about mad scientists, complete with gadget-crammed laboratories, covert experiments, and spooky séances, you can’t go wrong with The Devil Commands. It’s not a great movie (it’s a B flick, and isn’t considered a classic) but at just over one hour, it’s worth a peek.

Ghost Mine 
Directed by	Sam Newfield
Written by	Joseph O’Donnell

Plot synopsis
Three cowboys set off to uncover the reason for disappearing miners in the allegedly haunted town of Parker’s Dig.

Ghost of St. Michael’s, The 
Directed by	Marcel Varnel
Written by	John Dighton, Angus MacPhail

Plot synopsis
Comedic high-jinks about a ghost who haunts a Scottish school.

Ghost Train, The 
Directed by	Walter Forde
Written by	Marriott Edgar, Val Guest, J.O.C. Orton
Based on	the play by Arnold Ridley

Plot synopsis
When a group of stranded passengers has to spend the night in a lonely rural train station, they learn of a legendary phantom locomotive that carries the ghosts of those killed in previous wrecks… will the ghost train be coming for them?

Hold That Ghost 
Directed by	Arthur Lubin
Written by	Robert Lees, Frederic I. Rinaldo, John Grant

Plot synopsis
Bud Abbott and Lou Costello inherit a haunted house. Co-stars the Andrews Sisters.

Lucky Ghost 
Directed by	William Beaudine
Written by	Lex Neal, Vernon Smith
Tagline	You can bet your bottom dollar it’s THRILLING - EXCITING - FUNNY!

Plot synopsis
A hobo gambles with his last few cents, and wins a country club. The problem? It’s haunted.

Old Mother Riley’s Ghosts
Directed by	John Baxter
Written by	Arthur Lucan, Geoffrey Orme, Con West

Plot synopsis
Mrs. Riley (Arthur Lucan, in drag) enters the home of an inventor, which is supposedly haunted. One of several movies in the Old Mother Riley slapstick series.

Smilin’ Through 
Directed by	Frank Borzage
Written by	John L. Balderston, Donald Ogden Stewart
Based on	the play Smiling Through by Jane Cowl, Jane Murfin
Tagline	Jeanette MacDonald and husband Gene Raymond in their only screen collaboration! Their eyes met... and they knew they were meant for each other!

Plot synopsis
The story follows John Carteret (Brian Aherne) the lonely widower who lost his bride Moonyean (Jeanette MacDonald) on their wedding day. Although he does have her ghost to keep him company, he finds a flesh-and-blood replacement in her niece, Kathleen (also Jeanette MacDonald). When Kathleen falls in love with Ken Wayne (Gene Raymond), the son of the man who killed Moonyean, it’s all Carteret to keep himself from committing murder. A remake of the 1932 romantic fantasy; this time it’s in Technicolor and they sing. 

Smiling Ghost, The 
Directed by	Lewis Seiler
Written by	Kenneth Gamet, Stuart Palmer

Plot synopsis
When a man named Lucky (Wayne Morris) is hired to break the matrimonial curse of the much-widowed Elinor Bentley (Alexis Smith) he becomes convinced he’s being haunted by one of her former flames.

Topper Returns 
Directed by	Roy Del Ruth
Written by	Jonathan Latimer
Based on	characters created by Thorne Smith
Tagline	      	Topper’s having girl trouble again!

Plot synopsis
Cosmo Topper (Roland Young) tangles with the ghost of a cute young lady (Joan Blondell) who was murdered in a case of mistaken identity. She wants Topper to help her find the killer and warn the intended victim. Hilarity ensues.


1942


Man Who Wouldn’t Die, The
Directed by	Herbert I. Leeds
Written by	Arnaud D’Usseau
Based on	the novel No Coffin for the Corpse by Clayton Rawson
Tagline	An empty grave... A cunning, gunning ghost... and Michael Shane!

Plot synopsis
When a man who was thought to be dead commits murder, no one knows if he’s a ghost or if he was never really put in his coffin in the first place.


1943


Ghost and the Guest, The 
Directed by	William Nigh
Written by	Morey Amsterdam
Based on	a story by Milt Gross

Plot synopsis 
Newlyweds Webster (James Dunn) and Jackie (Florence Rice) spend their honeymoon in an old country house that could very well be haunted.

Ghosts on the Loose 
Directed by	William Beaudine
Written by	Kenneth Higgins

Plot synopsis
Also known as The East Side Kids Meet Bela Lugosi, this slapstick comedy pits the man who was Dracula (he plays a Nazi here) against a wisecracking gang of New York toughs in the halls of a haunted house.

Haunted Ranch 
Directed by	Robert Emmett Tansey
Written by	Elizabeth Beecher, Arthur Hoerl

Plot synopsis
Thieves hide their gold on a haunted ranch.

Heaven Can Wait 
Directed by	Ernst Lubitsch
Written by	Samson Raphaelson
Based on	the play by Leslie Bush-Fekete

Plot synopsis
Not to be confused with the angelic supernatural picture Here Comes Mr. Jordan (1941, remade in 1978 as Heaven Can Wait) this movie focuses on the recently-deceased Henry Van Cleave (Don Ameche) as he recounts the trials and tribulations of his too-short life.

Mysterious Doctor, The 
Directed by	Benjamin Stoloff
Written by	Richard Weil

Plot synopsis
A headless ghost of legend is blamed for committing a series of grisly decapitations in a small English town. Like many movies from this period, Nazis and skullduggery abound.

Thunder Rock 
Directed by	Roy Boulting
Written by	Jeffrey Dell, Bernard Miles
Based on	the play by Robert Ardrey

Plot synopsis 
A former war correspondent (Michael Redgrave) is despondent, so he sets himself up hermit-style in an isolated cabin on Lake Michigan. A group of ghosts whose ship went down nearby a hundred years before decide to pay him a visit and cheer him up.


1944


Between Two Worlds
Directed by	Edward A. Blatt
Written by	Daniel Fuchs
Based on	the play Outward Bound by Sutton Vane

Plot synopsis
When a young English couple finds themselves unable to escape the Nazis, they decide to commit suicide. As such, they find themselves unfit for Heaven or Hell — as ghosts, they await their fate with several others on a ship that drifts in purgatory. The all-star cast includes the likes of John Garfield, Sydney Greenstreet and Edmund Gwenn. It is a remake of the 1930 film, Outward Bound and would be made again in 1961 as The Flight That Disappeared.

Canterville Ghost, The 
Directed by	Jules Dassin
Written by	Edwin Harvey Blum
Based on	the novel by Oscar Wilde

Plot synopsis / Review
Based upon the whimsical Oscar Wilde fantasy fable published in 1891, the first film version of The Canterville Ghost is updated to (then modern-day) World War II. Though still set in pastoral England, instead of an American family moving in on the ghost’s familial mansion territory, it’s the U.S. Troops. 

The movie starts out showing how Sir Simon de Canterville (Charles Laughton), a spineless 17th century aristocrat who, after proving himself a turn-tail on the battlefield of honor, is walled up alive in his own castle by his unforgiving father. Sir Simon’s ghost is doomed to haunt the gloomy corridors of Canterville Hall until one of his descendants performs an act of bravery in his name. Three-hundred years later, the castle is occupied by a platoon of American soldiers — one of whom is, of course, a distant relation to Sir Simon.

Child-actress Margaret O’Brien is charming as the little Lady who owns the castle, and Robert Young is likeable enough as the Canterville descendant, but it is Charles Laughton who steals the show. If only he was in it more. I last saw this movie as a small child, and my mind over the years obviously only retained the best parts of the film (i.e., the Laughton bits). I thought he was the star, but really he is only in it to keep the story together between long stretches of lackluster slapstick, fallow repartee and boring battle sequences (the day-for-night shots in these scenes are almost laughable... but I think Plan 9 From Outer Space has it beat in that department). 

Additionally, I found the tone overtly patriotic... Canterville is not truly a propaganda film per se, but there was enough gung-ho Americanism in it to make me roll my bleary red, white and blue eyes a few times. Had Wilde’s original setting been preserved, and had Laughton been allowed to really flex his incredible acting muscles, going for more than just guffaws, this film would be much better for it. As it stands, it’s very dated.

For fans of The Canterville Ghost
I also recommend: Francis in the Haunted House (1946), and Abbott and Costello Meet the Ghosts (1948).

Charlie Chan in Black Magic
Directed by	Phil Rosen
Written by	George Callahan, Earl Derr Biggers

Plot synopsis
Charlie Chan (Sidney Toler) just can’t resist a good séance (see 1936’s Charlie Chan;s Secret). In this B mystery, the proverb-quoting detective must suss out for a murderer amidst a gaggle of ghosts conjured up by an spooky assortment of spiritualists and occultists.

Crazy Knights 
Directed by	William Beaudine
Written by	Tim Ryan

Plot synopsis
Also known as Ghost Crazy, this nutty slapstick cheapie offers up comic situations based on ghosts and a gorilla in a haunted house. 

Curse of the Cat People, The 
Directed by	Gunther Von Fritsch, Robert Wise  
Written by	DeWitt Bodeen
Tagline	A tender tale of terror.

Plot synopsis / Review
Simone Simon and Kent Smith are back for the sequel to the supernatural (and totally ghostless, which is why it's not noted in this book) 1942 thriller, Cat People. The cursed cat-woman is now dead but lives on as the spectral fantasy friend of her former husband’s imaginative daughter with his new wife. 

Imbued with even more mood and languid, dreamy pacing than its companion, Curse of the Cat People takes place about seven years after Irena's departure.
 
Focus is on the daughter of re-married Oliver Reed, and Alice (Kent Smith and Jane Randolph). Irena's supernatural spirit lives on, and she wants nothing more than to seduce young Amy (Ann Carter), the child she never got to have. Amy is a pensive, fanciful girl, bright and imaginative, yet naïve.  After she encounters an old woman who lives in the neighborhood haunted mansion ("The Witch's House" the local kiddies call it) and is given a perhaps magical friendship ring, the little girl begins to receive visits from an imaginary companion: Irina.
 
Mysteries and meanings begin to curl around each other like creeping vines — the elderly dame (played by Julia Dean) disowned her own daughter, Barbara (Elizabeth Russell, who was the "sister" cat-woman in the restaurant scene in the first Cat People film), whom she claims died in an accident at the age of six: the same age Amy is. What's more, Amy means "friend" in French, and while Irina is a good one, jealous Barbara is the furthest from such and actually wants to strangle the child.
 
While some have cited the story as slow, it's a movie I personally adore — and would probably love even more, had I seen it as a little girl; it's a truly beautiful and respectful kids' drama with delicacy and depth in equal measure — for many reasons. The acting is absolutely tops across the board from old to young, especially given the extended bouts of dialogue; the sensuous, silky black and white cinematography is sumptuous indeed, and DP Nicholas Musuraca really knew how to compose for maximum artistic impact; and direction is deft, even as split between two men with very different stylistic sensibilities.
 
The first director of the film was workhorse Gunther Von Fritsch (who fell behind schedule and went over budget), and then artistic Robert Wise (who was RKO editor on Citizen Kane and The Magnificent Ambersons) was brought on the try his hand. This led to a big career in directing for Wise. The next year Lewton had Wise helm The Body Snatcher. He then went on to a successful career that would include The Day The Earth Stood Still, The Haunting, West Side Story, The Sound Of Music, and The Andromeda Strain.

Don’t Take it to Heart 
Directed by	Jeffrey Dell
Written by	Jeffrey Dell

Plot synopsis
When developers swoop in and try to take Lady Mary’s (Patricia Medina) house, her resident ghost (Richard Greene) tries to scare them away while doing double-duty as a matchmaker trying to set his mistress up with a handsome lawyer (David Horne).

Ghost Catchers
Directed by	Edward F. Cline   
Written by	Edmund L. Hartmann   
Based on	the story High Spirits by Edward F. Cline, Milt Gross

Plot synopsis
Two nightclub entertainers (the real-life comedy team of Chic Johnson and Ole Olsen, playing themselves) come to the aid of southern damsels in distress who find they’ve moved into a haunted house.

Halfway House, The 
Directed by	Basil Dearden
Written by	T.E.B. Clarke, Angus MacPhail, Diana Morgan
Based on 	the play The Peaceful Inn by Dennis Ogden

Plot synopsis
A group of weary travelers. A sudden storm. A dark, spooky inn. A creepy inn-keeper and his enigmatic daughter. Nazis. Legends of ghosts… All make up the ingredients for this moody mystery.

Medal for the General 
Directed by	Maurice Elvey
Written by	Elizabeth Baron
Based on	the novel by James Ronald

Plot synopsis
Also known as The Gay Intruders (back when gay only meant “happy”) this story centers on a WWI General who, in his twilight years, finds himself disillusioned with his life. Ghosts factor in only peripherally.

Torre de los Siete Jorobados, La 
Directed by	Edgar Neville
Written by	Edgar Neville, José Santugini
Based on	the novel by Emilio Carrere

Plot synopsis
A herd of heinous hunchbacks has gathered in Madrid to form a counterfeiting racket, and they will kill to protect their secret. The ghost of one of their victims pleas for help from a valiant young man, Basilio Beltran (Antonio Casal) to protect his niece Dona Inez (Isabel de Pomes) from the disfigured mastermind, Dr. Sabatino (Guillermo Marin). The ghost of Napoleon (José Franco) turns up at the oddest times.

Uninvited,  The 
Directed by	Lewis Allen
Written by	Dodie Smith
Based on	the novel Uneasy Freehold by Dorothy MacArdle
Tagline	From the most popular mystery romance since Rebecca!

Plot synopsis / Review
The lonely house on the craggy cliff overlooking rough seas. Phantoms that cry plaintively in the night. A madwoman, a scandal, and an orphaned child. The Uninvited has all the elements of a great ghost story. This is the perfect movie to curl up with on a rainy afternoon, sipping a cup of hot Earl Grey.

Though the story is set in Devon, filming could not take place in England, due to the war. Welsh actor Ray Milland (who would’ve thought then that the light, romantic leading man would end up playing one of the title roles, along with football player Rosie Grier, in 1972’s schlock horror flick The Thing With Two Heads?) teams up with Ruth Hussey to play a brother and sister who buy a haunted house.

Roderick and Pamela Fitzgerald are driving along the Devonshire coast one day, when they see a magnificent mansion. They pause to look, and their dog jumps from the car. The pooch dashes after a squirrel and into the house, and the Meredith’s give chase. Once inside, they are captivated. It’s the quintessential dream house everyone wants. And guess what? It just so happens to be for sale. It’s almost too easy.

Once they buy the house from old Commander Beech (Donald Crisp, who plays the ultimate curmudgeon), Roderick and Pamela begin to hear some of the town gossip about their house. About how a distraught young mother went over the cliff, twenty years before, falling to her untimely demise. 

They find out that Commander Beech’s twenty year old grand-daughter, Stella Meredith (Gail Russell, in her movie debut), is the daughter of the unfortunate ghost, Mary Meredith (portrayed by three actresses — one for the portrait that hangs in Stella’s bedroom, one for the voice, and one for the apparition).

Before long, the ghost of Mary Meredith makes an appearance. She pulls out all the stops: moaning, freezing the air, and bringing the cloying smell of flowers with her. The characters almost calmly accept the spectral visitations, as though they were everyday occurrences. They do fear her though, and fear that she has come to claim her daughter.

Many ghostly pranks ensue, using the newest special effects of the time, in the dark lonely nights. It’s easy to see why the cinematographer, Charles B. Lang, was nominated for an Academy Award – even in the inkiest, barely candle-lit moments, the picture is crystal clear and the actors all look as ethereally beautiful as the she-ghost. The director, Lewis Allen (who would later direct the acclaimed film, Suddenly), does a superb job of keeping tension up throughout the film by eking the Deep, Dark Secret out just a little at a time.

To break up the tension there is a little comic relief, and a plausible, unobtrusive romance emerges between Roderick and Stella (less so is the mutual attraction of sister Pamela and the local doctor; a few things in the movie are just a little too pat). When Roderick, a composer, serenades her with his piano, the popular song Stella By Starlight makes its debut.

When it’s revealed that Stella’s father, an artist, was having an affair with his fiery Spanish model, Pamela Fitzgerald says wryly, “Father must have been a bit of a bad hat.” Even though it’s an American film, the dialogue and feel is wonderfully English. As you watch it, you feel as if a friend of yours is telling you a good, old-fashioned, spooky ghost story. In fact, the tale is supposedly based upon true events. 

Once the film’s Deep Dark Secret is revealed (courtesy of a maestro “mad speech” by supporting actress Cornelia Otis Skinner — only Judith Anderson as Mrs. Danvers did it better), Roderick is able to single-handedly exorcise the estate and claim Stella as his bride. 

The Uninvited remains 100% watchable and enjoyable to this day, as it has the main ingredients that never go out of style: A solid story, likable actors, and lots of interesting visuals. I think this film best viewed when you’re alone, on a grey, damp day… Look for it on video or satellite… happy haunting.

For fans of The Uninvited
I also recommend: Rebecca (1940), and Laura (1944).


1945


Blithe Spirit 
Directed by	David Lean
Written by	Noel Coward, Anthony Havelock-Allan, David Lean, Ronald Neame
Based on	the play by Noel Coward
Tagline	One wife too many.

Plot synopsis / Review
Most famous for directing the romantic epics Lawrence of Arabia and Dr. Zhivago, David Lean helmed this, his third film, to great critical and box office success. 

Blithe Spirit, based on a very popular play by Noel Coward, follows the antics of Charles Condomine (Rex Harrison, who would later go on to play the ghost in The Ghost and Mrs. Muir) and his second wife Ruth (Constance Cummings) when they are haunted by the mischievous spirit of his first wife, Elvira (Kay Hammond). When a medium, Madame Arcati (Margaret Rutherford) steps in, Elvira decides to have some fun. And her idea of “fun” is creating a frolicsome threesome by having Charles and Ruth join her in the afterlife!

The colorful phantoms are delightfully diaphanous (the movie won a special effects Oscar) and with its seamless blending of campy romance and black comedy, Blithe Spirit is a must-see for fans of fun, free-spirited classic confections.

For fans of Blythe Spirit
I also recommend: Topper(1937), and Willfull (2001).

Dead of Night 
Directed by	various
Written by	various
Based on	the story by H.G. Wells

Plot synopsis
Several self-contained stories, united by a linking narrative, Dead of Night’s terror-tales each contain a ghost of some sort. The Hearse Driver is about a racecar driver who can’t escape visions of a haunted death coach with “room for one more”. The Christmas Story features the restless spirit of a little dead boy trapped in an attic. The Haunted Mirror is about a cursed looking glass that dooms each new buyer to repeat a murder once seen and now trapped in its reflective depths. The Golfing Story centers on romantic rivals who play a friendly game to see who gets the girl — when the loser dies and becomes a ghost, he learns that he was cheated and comes back for revenge. The Ventriloquist’s Dummy is about a malevolent marionette who’s possessed by an evil spirit.

Cockeyed Miracle, The
Directed by	S. Sylvan Simon
Written by	Karen de Wolf
Based on	the play by George Seaton

Plot synopsis
Frank Morgan plays a turn-of-the-century shipbuilder who dies of a sudden heart attack, but finds that he has unfinished business on earth and refuses to ascend to heaven. The ghost of his father (Keenan Wynn) tries to convince him otherwise, but you know kids — they never listen!

Pillow of Death 
Directed by	Wallace Fox
Written by	Dwight V. Babcock, George Bricker
Tagline	HATE! Crawling back from the grave!

Plot synopsis
You’ll never complain about your flat, lumpy Cheap-Mart pillow again. When philandering Attorney Wayne Fletcher’s (Lon Chaney, Jr.) wife is found smothered to death by her fluffy headrest, he naturally becomes the prime suspect. Before long, Wayne starts to suffer eerie visions of his dead wife and to add insult to injury people involved in Wayne’s case turn up dead, one by one.

Sylvia and the Ghost 
Directed by	Claude Autant-Lara
Written by	Jean Aurenche
Based on	the play by Alfred Adam

Plot synopsis
Sixteen-year-old Sylvia (Odette Joyeux) has fallen in hopeless love with the subject of an old portrait that hangs on the wall in her bedroom. He was the dashing Alain (Jacques Tati), the lover of Sylvia’s grandmother, and was tragically killed in a duel. To please his daughter on her birthday, Sylvia’s father hires an actor to portray the fallen romantic hero — and the ghost of Alain plays Cupid.

Wonder Man 
Directed by	H. Bruce Humberstone
Written by	Jack Jevne, Don Hartman, Eddie Moran, Melville Shavelson, Philip Rapp
Based on	the story by Arthur Sheekman

Plot synopsis 
When boisterous nightclub singer-dancer Buzzy Bellew (Danny Kaye) is murdered because he knew too much about certain mob activities, he decides the only way to set things right is for his ghost to inhabit the body of his timid bookish twin brother Edwin Dingle (also Danny Kaye).


1946


Dragonwyck 
Directed by	Joseph L. Mankiewicz
Written by	Joseph L. Mankiewicz
Based on	the novel by Anya Seton

Plot synopsis
A beautiful young bride (Gene Tierney) and her creepy husband (Vincent Price) reside in a dark, shadowy mansion that harbors dangerous secrets — and maybe even a ghost or two. Co-stars Walter Huston and Jessica Tandy. Also recommended: The novel The Woman in Black: A Ghost Story by Susan Hill (2002).

Fight That Ghost 
Directed by	Sam Newfield
Written by	Sam Newfield
Tagline	A thriller-diller of laffs.

Plot synopsis
Dewey ’Pigmeat’ Markham stars in this crazy comedy about a man at war with the minions of the underworld.

Ghost of Hidden Valley 
Directed by	Sam Newfield
Written by	Ellen Coyle
Tagline	Red-blooded buster tangles with outlaw spooks!

Plot synopsis
Yes, even your salad dressing is haunted now. I kid… This is actually the story of a cattle man (Buster Crabbe) who has to drive his herd through a ranch that is reputedly riddled with spirits.

Latin Quarter 
Directed by	Vernon Sewell
Written by	Vernon Sewell
Based on	the play L’Angloise by Pierre Mills and C. Vylars

Plot synopsis
When an eccentric sculptor’s wife disappears and foul play is suspected, the only way of finding out what really happened is to contact her via séance (hopefully, she’s not screening her calls, or we’ll never discover the awful truth!).

Spook Busters 
Directed by	William Beaudine
Written by	Tim Ryan, Edmond Seward
Tagline	They’re ganging up on the mad doctors!

Plot synopsis
The Bowery Boys practice their clownery on rats, mad scientists, and of course, ghosts.

Stairway to Heaven 
Directed by	Michael Powell, Emeric Pressburger
Written by	Michael Powell, Emeric Pressburger
Tagline	The most wonderfully romantic fantasy on earth ... or anywhere else.

Plot synopsis
Feeling haunted by that Led Zeppelin tune you haven’t been able to get out of your head since 1971? Well, you’ve heard the song — now watch the movie! Also known as A Matter of Life and Death, this dramatic fantasy stars David Niven as an aviator who cheats death and now stuck in purgatory as a ghost, must argue his case for being allowed to live instead of being made to ascend to Heaven.

For fans of Stairway to Heaven
I also recommend: The Canterville Ghost, starring David Niven (1975).

Time of Their Lives, The 
Directed by	Charles Barton
Written by	Val Burton, Walter DeLeon, John Grant, Bradford Ropes
Tagline	Something new from Bud and Lou!

Plot synopsis
Bud Abbott get mixed up with two ghosts (one of whom is Lou Costello; Marjorie Reynolds is his comely companion) who’ve been hanging around since the Revolutionary War trying to prove that they are innocent of the treason for which they were accused. Phantomly pranks, spooky séances, and lots of rim-shot worthy one-liners.

Unknown, The 
Directed by	Henry Levin
Written by	Dwight Babcock
Based on	the radio show I Love A Mystery by Carlton E. Morse

Plot synopsis
An aristocratic family with at least one skeleton in its closet balks at having a will read in their eerie estate.


1947


Ghost and Mrs. Muir, The 
Directed by	Joseph L. Mankiewicz
Written by	Philip Dunne
Based on	the novel by R.A. Dick

Plot synopsis / Review
When young Lucy Muir (Gene Tierney) is widowed, she packs up her small daughter (Natalie Wood), their terrier, and leaves the stuffy in-laws sniveling behind her. 

Lucy chooses to live on the coast. Like so many evocative films — The Uninvited and Vertigo come to mind — The Ghost and Mrs. Muir’s sea setting is a marvelous mood-setter. Gene Tierney, who starred in one of my favourite films of all time (Laura), is seamlessly superb as the feisty, self-willed, but vulnerable and beautiful young widow. Rex Harrison, while the expression has become a school-kid giggle, can be described no better than as the quintessential crusty seaman. His voice, his bearing, his clothing — it’s all, er, shipshape. He is ruggedly handsome, and just naughty enough to make some waves at the Hayes Office.

Even though Gull Cottage is haunted, and clearly the ghost of Captain Gregg doesn’t want her and her little family there, Lucy moves right in and confronts Captain Gregg on the very first night. She lays out the ground rules, and though he blusters and bellows, the Captain consents to cohabitate in peace (even if he won’t rest in peace).

By and by, the ecological and ectoplasmic beings become mateys. In standard ghost-flick tradition, only Lucy can hear and see the Captain, which leads to a particularly amusing scene when those sniveling in-laws come to visit. The busybodies come to do more than just visit — they inform Lucy that she’s been cut off without a cent. Realizing that Lucy is in dire financial need, the Captain fishes for a solution. He offers to dictate his colorful memoirs to her, becoming in effect, the ultimate ghost-writer. Of course, Lucy sells the manuscript to her friendly local publisher, and that problem is all taken care of. 

However, another problem isn’t quite so easy to solve — slowly but surely, Gregg has fallen in love with Lucy. And Lucy has been hooked by a man who is all wrong for her. But, just the fact that he can breathe puts him ahead of the Captain in the romance race. 

Although it is technically a comedy, The Ghost and Mrs. Muir is as moving a romantic and tragic fantasy as the more modern (i.e., Somewhere in Time, and Ghost) twists on the tale. I’ll admit it... this landlubber had to dry her blasted saltwater tears more than once while watching this one.

For fans of The Ghost and Mrs. Muir
I also recommend: Somewhere in Time (1980), and Portrait of Jennie (1948).

Ghost Goes Wild, The 
Directed by	George Blair
Written by	Randall Faye

Plot synopsis
When a man falsely poses as a mystic and inadvertently conjures up a ghost, comedic hi-jinks result. 

Ghost of Rashmon Hall, The 
Directed by	Denis Kavanagh
Written by	Pat Dixon
Based on	the story The Haunted and the Haunters by Edward G. Bulwer-Lytton
Tagline	Back from the dead to strike fear into the living.

Plot synopsis
Also known as Night Comes Too Soon, this chiller is about a ghost-hunter who snares not one, but three tortured phantoms “living” inside a dark, spooky old estate.

Ghosts of Berkeley Square 
Directed by	Vernon Sewell
Written by	James Seymour   
Based on	the novel No Nightingales by Caryl Brahms and S.J. Simon

Plot synopsis
When two bumbling British ex-soldiers (Robert Morley and Felix Aylmer) get themselves killed, Queen Anne condemns them to a stint haunting a mansion in London’s Berkeley Square until they can attract a visit from reigning royalty and thereby prove themselves worthy of entering the Pearly Gates.

Nightmare Alley 
Directed by	Edmund Goulding
Written by	Jules Furthman
Based on	the novel by William Lindsay Gresham

Plot synopsis
Tyrone Power and Joan Blondell star in this creepy noir thriller about a man, a dame, and a supernatural con.

Things Happen at Night 
Directed by	Francis Searle
Written by	Legh St. John Clowes
Based on	the play The Poltergeist by Frank Harvey

Plot synopsis
A capricious ghost at first favors inhabiting a family’s young daughter, then decides to try somebody else on for size.


1948


Abbott & Costello Meet the Ghosts  
Directed by	Bernard Vorhaus
Written by	John Grant, Robert Lees, Frederic I. Rinaldo
Based on	literary characters by Mary Shelley and Bram Stoker, et al
Tagline	The laughs are MONSTERous! Bud and Lou are in a stew when they tangle with the titans of terror!

Plot synopsis
Also known as Abbott and Costello Meet Frankenstein, this crazy and creepy comedy follows the comedic couple through the shadowy halls and along the creaking walls of a creepy haunted mansion. It’s a party when Frankenstein is joined by pals Dracula, The Wolfman, and the Invisible Man (voiced by Vincent Price).

Amazing Mr. X, The 
Directed by	Bernard Vorhaus
Written by	Muriel Roy Bolton, Ian McLellan Hunter
Based on	a story by Crane Wilbur
Tagline	In his eyes, the threat of terror! In his hands, the power to destroy!

Plot synopsis
Crashing waves, crows, and creepy voices whispering in the night all drive a young widow (Lynn Bari) to embark on a supernatural journey to find out what her dead husband (Donald Curtis) is trying to tell her. Enter an eminent medium, the Amazing Mr. X (Turhan Bey). 

Fatal Night, The 
Directed by	Mario Zampi
Written by	Gerald Butler, Kathleen Connors  
Based on	the story The Gentleman from America by Michael Arlen

Plot synopsis
If you were to take up the challenge to spend the night in a dark, creepy, ghost-occupied old mansion what would you take along with you for reading material? How about a horror story about two sisters who are killed in a haunted house? Yeah, that subject matter will cheer you right up and get you to sleep through the night. Well it doesn’t work for our dupe here, either — he reads the story, gets scared, and wins himself an all-expense paid trip to the local ha-ha house. But it’s not over yet…

House of Darkness 
Directed by	Oswald Mitchell
Written by	John Gilling
Tagline	Love and hate under one roof!

Plot synopsis
A quirky composer becomes an unwilling houseguest to the restless spirit of a fellow musician who was killed in the home three years before. The murdered musician had his valuable violin smashed; while he can’t decide which was worse — having his prized possession pulverized, or being purposely put six-feet-under — suffice to say, he is one angry ghost. This tepid horror film doesn’t offer much violence, but there are plenty of violins.

Portrait of Jennie 
Directed by	William Dieterle
Written by	Leonardo Bercovici
Based on	the novel by Robert Nathan

Plot synopsis / Review
Here’s yet another example of some more kooky casting, thanks to Hollywood heads: The beautiful and quite womanly Jennifer Jones is made to play her character, Jennie, from the brink of puberty till she dies at 20-something. Dressed in a little sailor suit, pig-tails tied with ribbons, and holding a lollipop (OK, I might have just imagined the sucker) she flirts with Joseph Cotton, making for a rather disconcerting character at first. Now is the time to suspend disbelief. 

Done? OK, from here on out you can enjoy the movie. Portrait of Jennie is undoubtedly an uneven film as it careens from downright amateurism to cinematic brilliance that dazzles. The movie mostly shines in its cinematography and heart-swelling emotional scenes. 

Joseph Cotten plays Eben Adams, a disillusioned artist who finds his muse one day while out strolling in Central Park — Jennie is just a precocious little girl, but there is something very, er, spirited about her. Adams can’t stop thinking about her, and he soon becomes obsessed with painting her portrait. Each time he meets her in the park, Jennie not only grows mysterious, she literally starts to grow! How can it be that the open-hearted, giggling little girl of yesterday is now a beautiful, sad-eyed and secretive woman? I’m tempted to say, “Hair and makeup, dummy!” but I’ll quash the cynic in me (for now) because Portrait of Jennie is a really beautiful, compelling, and sweet romance. It doesn’t pretend to be anything else.

Before the movie begins, the prologue sets the tone: “Since time began man has looked into the awesome reaches of infinity and asked the eternal question: What is time? What is life? What is space? What is death? Through a hundred civilizations, philosophers and scientists have come together with answers, but the bewilderment remains... Science tells us that nothing ever dies but only changes, that time itself does not pass but curves around us, and that the past and the future are together at our side for ever. Out of the shadows of knowledge, and out of a painting that hung on a museum wall, comes our story, the truth of which lies not on our screen but in your hearts.”

That’s what it’s all about. And when Adams learns that what he loved was only a phantom, does that make the affair any less real? Romantics will undoubtedly swoon over this timeless love story.

For fans of Portrait of Jennie
I also recommend: Somewhere in Time (1980), and The Red Shoes (1948).

Who Killed Doc Robbin? 
Directed by	Bernard Carr
Written by	Dorothy Davenport, Maurice Geraghty

Plot synopsis
Also known as Curley and His Gang in the Haunted Mansion, this comedy features mad doctors, angry gorillas, and a bunch of funny folks all stuck in a haunted mansion together.


1949


Legend of Sleepy Hollow, The 
Directed by	James Algar, Clyde Geronimi, Jack Kinney
Written by	Homer Brightman
Based on	the novel by Washington Irving
Tagline	Bing and Walt ride herd on The Headless Horseman!

Plot synopsis
Knock-kneed, near-skeletal school master Ichabod Crane is plagued by the relentless ghost of a headless horseman. This animated Walt Disney classic cartoon, as narrated by Bing Crosby, is still one of the scariest (and funniest) versions of the Legend of Sleepy Hollow… The short feature is incongruously paired with The Wind in the Willows and the combined stories are sometimes titled The Adventures of Ichabod and Mr. Toad then shown as one film. 

Queen of Spades, The
Directed by	Thorold Dickinson
Written by	Rodney Ackland, Arthur Boys  
Based on	the book Alexander Pushkin

Plot synopsis
Would you sell your soul to win at faro? Pick a card, any card — The Queen of Spades flirts with many storylines, one of which is the ace story of an evil countess who is murdered for her winning secrets. The killer gets what he wanted, but didn’t count on having a pesky ghost looking over his shoulder at every game. Also recommended: The television series Carnivale (2003).

 
The 1950s



1950

Rashômon 
Directed by	Akira Kurosawa
Written by	Shinobu Hashimoto
Based on	the short story by Ryunosuke Akutagawa  

Plot synopsis
Taking place in 12th century Japan and directed by the brilliant Akira Kurosawa, Rashômon tells the same story of a rape, revenge, murder — and the resulting ghost — from different perspectives (including that of the dead man). Also recommended: The movie Onibaba (1964).

Sunset Blvd.
Directed by	Billy Wilder
Written by	D.M. Marshman Jr.
Based on	the story A Can of Beans by Charles Brackett, Billy Wilder
Tagline	A Hollywood story.

Plot synopsis
Recently deceased, but still hanging around in handsome spirit form, hack scriptwriter Joe Gillis (William Holden) shares with us the twisted tale of his last days on earth, living with delusional, denial-ridden silent movie star Norma Desmond (Gloria Swanson). Not a “phantom flick” in the traditional sense, but there are ghosts of all kinds in Old Hollywood. Also recommended: The novel Coldheart Canyon by Clive Barker (2001).


1951

Ghost Chasers, The
Directed by	William Beaudine
Written by	Charles R. Marion

Plot synopsis
Fresh out of original ideas, the Bowery Boys copycat their own 1946 comedy, The Spook Busters. Same plot: A ghost, a mad scientist, and a gang of New York toughs in a haunted house. Same result: Predictable pabulum. 

Medium, The 
Directed by	Gian-Carlo Menotti
Written by	Gian-Carlo Menotti
Based on	the opera by Gian-Carlo Menotti

Plot synopsis
This operatic film films follows the exploits of a faux medium who finds herself at a loss when a real ghost turns up at one of her staged séances.

Scrooge 
Directed by	Brian Desmond Hurst
Written by	Noel Langley
Based on	the novel A Christmas Carol by Charles Dickens
Tagline	Now! The story that has brought joy to millions! A new screen triumph!

Plot synopsis
Sometimes going by the title A Christmas Carol, Scrooge tells the tale of a miser haunted by the ghosts of Christmas Past, Present, and Future in order to change his selfish ways. Scrooge is portrayed splendidly by Alistair Sim, who made an indelible mark on the classic literary character, setting a new standard for those who followed.

You Never Can Tell 
Directed by	Lou Breslow
Written by	Lou Breslow, David Chandler
Tagline	A picture for people who think they’ve seen everything!

Plot synopsis
When a police dog named Rex inherits a fortune, he is poisoned by an unknown rival for the loot. Cheating death, he reincarnates as a private detective (Dick Powell) in order to solve his own murder. He teams up with a secretary (Peggy Dow) who used to be a racehorse, and the two embark on a madcap adventure that’s actually quite whinny, um, witty. Also recommended: The movie Fluke (1995).


1952

Castle in the Air 
Directed by	Henry Cass
Written by	Edward Dryhurst, Alan Melville
Based on	the play by Alan Melville

Plot synopsis
When a Scottish nobleman finds out that the castle he lives in is haunted by a gorgeous ghost, he decides to use her as a tourist attraction. 

Ghost Ship 
Directed by	Vernon Sewell
Written by	Vernon Sewell, Philip Thornton
Tagline	Haunting suspense… Terrifying danger… Rode the seas on the devil yacht called GHOST SHIP

Plot synopsis
A luxury liner that one floated oddly unattended on the deep boo sea, is purchased by a couple who want to live on it… little do they know, the ship is already inhabited.

No Haunt for a Gentleman 
Directed by	Leonard Reeve
Written by	Gerard Bryant, Julian Caunter, Leonard Reeve
Based on	a story by Frederick Allwood

Plot synopsis
A resident Scottish ghost decides to make life a living hell for the mother-in-law of a newly-wed groom through a serious of humorous mishaps.


1953

Scared Stiff 
Directed by	George Marshall
Written by	Herbert Baker, Walter DeLeon, Normal Lear, Ed Simmons
Based on	the play by Paul Dickey, Charles W. Goddard
Tagline	They’re making a spook-tacle of themselves!

Plot synopsis
Dean Martin and Jerry Lewis sing and dance their way into the heart of an heiress (Lizabeth Scott) who’s inherited a haunted Caribbean island.


1954

Phantom of the Red House 
Directed by	Miguel M. Delgado
Written by	María Cristina Lesser, Ramón Pérez Peláez

Plot synopsis
The ghost of recently departed millionaire watches with bemusement as his heirs off each other for the family fortune.

Tales After the Rain
Directed by	Kenji Mizoguchi
Written by	Matsutarô Kawaguchi, Yoshikata Yoda
Based on	the stories Asaji Ga Yado and Jasei No In by Akinari Ueda

Plot synopsis
Also known as Tales of Ugetsu, this was one of the first Japanese kaidan eiga (ghost story films) to enjoy major exposure in the West (it won director Kenzo Mizoguchi the Silver Lion Award at the Venice Film Festival); it’s the tale of a phantom trying to pass herself off as a real, flesh and blood woman, and the man who almost falls into her deadly trap.


1955

Last Reunion 
Directed by	Leonard Brett
Written by	Kenneth Hyde

Plot synopsis
The ghost of a British air commander makes his crew hide and shriek. 


1956

Francis in the Haunted House 
Directed by	Charles Lamont
Written by	Herbert H. Margolis, William Raynor, David Stern
Tagline	A ha-ha-haunted house has got ’em! ...and it’s every ghost for himself!

Plot synopsis
Mickey Rooney takes over as Francis the Talking Mule’s best friend from Donald O’Connor, who starred in the previous Francis series of comedies. (Furthermore, director Arthur Lubin and Francis’s voice-provider, Chill Wills, also high-tailed it.) The title of the movie pretty much outlines the plot: Harmless fun.


1957

Back From the Dead 
Directed by	Charles Marquis Warren
Written by	Catherine Turney
Based on	the novel The Other One by Catherine Turney
Tagline	Did she come back to LOVE or KILL? His first wife in his second wife’s body!

Plot synopsis
A young  newlywed is possessed by the newly-dead — the evil spirit of her husband’s deceased first wife. Wife #1 was a Satanist, and she’ll stop at nothing to see Wife #2 share her doomed fate. 

Dead Talk Back, The 
Directed by	Merle S. Gould
Written by	Merle S. Gould

Plot synopsis
A researcher in psychic phenomena attempts to solve a murder by using a radio which he believes makes it possible for him to speak with the dead. He’s also invented a device that’s meant to be implanted in coffins which would allow anyone buried alive to let the outside world know that they are still alive (a modern update to the Victorian funeral bell), so let’s just say he’s a little obsessed with the Great Beyond. A wily ghost starts feeding him clues through the radio, which might pique your interest, but you should know that The Dead Talk Back was shelved after completion and was not released for over 35 years until it appeared on the show that celebrates Crapola Cinema, Mystery Science Theater 3000.

Others, The 
Based on	the novel Turn of the Screw by Henry James

Plot synopsis
When a couple of disembodied evil spirits threaten to steal the souls of two children and inhabit their bodies, their governess decides to send the ghosts to bed without dinner. That’ll teach them! (OK, I was only kidding about that last part. Actually, she grounded them for a week.) This movie was remade — to great, eerie effect — in 1961 as The Innocents. Very little is known about this obscure U.K. release (even though it did feature child star Tommy Kirk) as it has since been lost in the mists of time.


1958

Haunted Strangler, The
Directed by	Robert Day
Written by	John C. Cooper, Jan Read  

Plot synopsis
When a 19th century novelist, played by Boris Karloff, becomes obsessed with the crimes of a notorious dead strangler, does that mean he’s in the grip of a ghost?

House on Haunted Hill, The
Directed by	William Castle
Written by	Robb White
Tagline	The 13 greatest shocks of all time!

Plot synopsis
Once you know this is a William “King of the Gimmicks” Castle film starring the legendary bogey-meister Vincent Price, you have a pretty good idea of what your in for. Several people are invited to spend the night in a creepy old mansion, along with a special ghost of honor. Castle’s gimmick of choice for theater-goers for The House on Haunted Hill was dubbed “Emergo” and it was a prop skeleton that emerged from the screen at certain crucial moment to spook the audience.

Magician, The 
Directed by	Ingmar Bergman
Written by	Ingmar Bergman

Plot synopsis
When the mysterious Mr. Volger (Max Von Sydow), a traveling magician, is put to the test by locals, he produces a ghost as proof (the apparition is alluded to, but never seen or featured, in this otherwise effectively creepy drama). If you’re looking for more horror Bergman-style, check out his 1968 film, Hour of the Wolf. Also recommended: The novel Magic by William Goldman (1978).

Terror in the Haunted House 
Directed by	Harold Daniels
Written by	Robert C. Dennis
Tagline	Filmed in mind-altering Psychorama!

Plot synopsis
A young bride has been plagued by terrible, ghost-filled nightmares for her entire life. Imagine her shock and surprise when hubby buys her a house… The same house that haunts her dreams. Also known as My World Dies Screaming, this flick was the first to use subliminal images (called ’Psychorama’ by the marketing machine) inter-cut throughout the regular footage (the U.S. government banned the use of subliminal messages as a result). 


1959

Bat, The 
Directed by	Crane Wilbur
Written by	Crane Wilbur
Based on	the novel and the play by Avery Hopwood, Mary Roberts Rinehart
Tagline	When it flies, someone dies!

Plot synopsis
Mystery author Cornelia van Gorder (Agnes Moorehead) rents a quaint country house which was once the site of a spate of murders committed by a killer dubbed by the press as “The Bat”. When Cornelia begins to experience some strange and spooky phenomena, she begins to wonder if the house is haunted. Vincent Price costars.

Black Pit of Dr. M, The 
Directed by	Fernando Méndez
Written by	Ramón Obón
Tagline	Plunges you into a new concept of terror ... and sudden shocks!

Plot synopsis
Dr M (Rafael Bertrand) works in an insane asylum, but he acts more like an inmate when he hires a medium to contact the spirit of one of his recently deceased fellow head-shrinkers. The dead doctor duly appears, and foretells the imminent demise of Dr. M.

Ghost of Dragstrip Hollow 
Directed by	William J. Hole Jr.
Written by	Lou Rusoff

Plot synopsis
Teenagers, beach parties, malt shops, hot-rods… and groovy ghosts! Also recommended: The movie Ghost in the Invisible Bikini (1966).

Ghost of Yotsuya, The 
Directed by	Nobuo Nakagawa
Written by	Yoshihiro Ishikawa, Masayoshi Onuki
Based on	the play by Nanboku Tsuruya

Plot synopsis
Hell hath no fury like a woman scorned… Especially after she’s dead. When a samurai has his wife killed in the most grisly of ways, she comes back to exact her revenge… and she gets it. 

Headless Ghost 
Directed by	Peter Graham Scott
Written by	Herman Cohen, Aben Kandel
Tagline	Headhunting teenagers lost in a haunted castle!

Plot synopsis
A trio of American exchange students find themselves an English castle reputed to be haunted. Their suspicions are confirmed when a specter leaps down from a old portrait, asking them for their assistance in finding a fellow phantom’s missing noggin. 

Living Coffin, The 
Directed by	Fernando Méndez, Manuel San Fernando   
Written by	Ramón Obón
Based on	the story by Edgar Allan Poe
Tagline	Ghouls, see if your boy-fiend can take it!

Plot synopsis
It’s Edgar Allan Poe trying on his Louis L’Amour duds in this bizarre Mexican party platter of a comic horror story, in which a cowboy and his sidekick stay overnight with a family who’s plagued by vampires and ghosts. 

Night of the Ghouls 
Directed by	Edward D. Wood Jr.
Written by	Edward D. Wood Jr.
Based on	the novel by Edward D. Wood Jr.
Tagline	The dead of night is alive with the dead!

Plot synopsis
It’s the White Ghost (Valda Hansen) vs. the Black Ghost (Jeannie Stevens) in this z-horror flick by notorious independent filmmaker, Ed Wood. It may have been his last movie, but it certainly has made a lasting impression on fans of schlock cinema.

Turn of the Screw, The 
Directed by	John Frankenheimer
Written by	James Costigan
Based on	the novel by Henry James

Plot synopsis
Originally aired as a live TV performance, this version of The Turn of the Screw — the well-known story of a governess (Ingrid Bergman) who becomes convinced that her two young charges are possessed by evil spirits. 
 

The 1960s


1960


Baronessen fra benzintanken 
Directed by	Annelise Reenberg
Written by	Peer Guldbrandsen, John Olsen, Annelise Reenberg

Plot synopsis
Danish pastry about a young lady who works as a mechanic, finds out she’s really a baroness, moves to the country estate, and meets the fanciful family ghost.

Dolce Vita, La 
Directed by	Federico Fellini
Written by	Ennio Flaiano, Tullio Pinelli, Brunello Rondi
Based on	a story by Federico Fellini
Tagline	The Roman scandals - Bound to shock with its truth!

Plot synopsis
Marcello (Marcello Mastroiani), is an intellectual writer who finds himself working for a tabloid, chasing starlets and bowing at the altar of celebrity. This fanciful masterpiece features a brief but memorable scene of ghost-hunting among the ruins of a once-opulent estate.

House of Usher
Directed by	Roger Corman
Written by	Richard Matheson
Based on	the novelette The Fall of The House of Usher by Edgar Allan Poe
Tagline	He buried her alive... to save his soul!

Plot synopsis
Here’s a good argument for birth control, especially if your last name is Usher: There’s an old family curse (ever heard of a new family curse?) which dictates that if more than one child is born into the Usher family in a generation, the subsequent siblings go insane and die horrible deaths. There are no less than eleven ghosts in the movie (luckily, they all have S.A.G. cards), and Vincent Price shines as the diabolical Roderick Usher.

House in Marsh Road 
Directed by	Montgomery Tully
Written by	Maurice J. Wilson
Based on	the novel by Laurence Meynell

Plot synopsis
Patrick the poltergeist has fun playing pranks on a novelist named David (Tony Wright) and his long-suffering wife, Jean (Patricia Dainton). When a sexy blonde (Sandra Dorne) enters the picture on the pretense on typing David’s manuscript, Patrick tells Jean and all heck breaks loose.

Macario 
Directed by	Roberto Gavaldón
Written by	Emilio Carballido, Roberto Gavaldón   
Based on	the novel The Third Guest by B. Traven

Plot synopsis
It’s the Day of the Dead in Mexico, and the hungry peasant Macario (Ignacio López Tarso) celebrates by treating himself to a stolen roasted turkey… but before he can get to noshing, he’s tempted and tested by three spirits. 

Sinners of Hell, The 
Directed by	Nobuo Nakagawa
Written by	Ichirô Miyagawa, Nobuo Nakagawa

Plot synopsis
Teens are torn limb-from-limb in this rather bloody, brutal Japanese horror/fantasy that deals with punishment in the afterlife. 

Terrible People, The 
Directed by	Harald Reinl
Written by	J. Joachim Bartsch, Wolfgang Schnitzler   
Based on	the novel by Edgar Wallace

Plot synopsis
When a bank robber is put to death for his crime, he comes back from the dead to wreak revenge on those who condemned him.

Thirteen Ghosts 
Directed by	William Castle
Written by	Robb White
Tagline	13 times the thrills! 13 times the chills! 13 times the fun!

Plot synopsis / Review
The story opens on Cyrus Zorba (Donald Woods) at work, getting a phone call from his wife Hilda (Rosemary de Camp). She has a bit of news to brighten his day: The bills have piled up so badly, and have been left unpaid for so long, that the family’s furniture is being taken away. From the sound of the conversation, this has happened before. Then — an unexpected windfall. Cyrus’s eccentric uncle, Dr. Zorba, has passed away and left everything to Cyrus. 

“Everything”, as it turns out, is just an old, derelict mansion and a wooden box containing a weird pair of glasses. Not a red cent, but at least the place is furnished. Along with their two children, Buck (Charles Herbert) and Medea (Jo Morrow), they pack up their clothes and move in.

The Zorba family soon discovers that they are not the only tenants. Aside from the creepy housekeeper who won’t leave (Margaret Hamilton, of The Wizard of Oz fame), it seems the Doctor had been harboring twelve spooky specters on the premises. They can only be seen through his final invention: a special pair of ghost-gandering goggles. To further complicate matters, it turns out that Zorba has stashed a small fortune somewhere in the house, and someone — or something — is determined to stop the Zorbas from finding it.

When this fun haunted-house thriller first came out in theatres, audiences were told to find the hidden ghosts through a special process called “Illusion-O” (a special pair of red-and-blue-colored glasses made to detect ghosts on the screen during the film’s color-tinted sequences). 

Thirteen Ghosts is beyond dated, and it’s certainly not scary (except for one scene involving a ouija board… those always get me, though!), but it’s well-acted and you can’t help but get caught up in the story. Hamilton is great, and in one scene where she’s sweeping the room with a bristly broom, there is a definite wink at the audience. 

For fans of Thirteen Ghosts
I also recommend: Spider Baby (1964), and Thir13en Ghosts (2001).

Tormented 
Directed by	Bert I. Gordon
Written by	George Worthing Yates
Tagline	A ghost-woman owned him body and soul!

Plot synopsis
When a pianist lets his low-class girlfriend-on-the-side fall from the balcony of a tall lighthouse, her ghost comes back to torment him and prevent him from marrying his socialite fiancée. 


1961


Curse of the Crying Woman
Directed by	Fernando Galiana
Written by	Rafael Baledón, Fernando Galiana

Plot synopsis
Witches and ghosts haunt the mansion that an unlucky young lady has recently inherited. This movie is purportedly based on 1933’s La Llorna, but it’s quite a different story; the wailing woman is the only common thread. 

Girl Under the Sheet 
Directed by	Marino Girolami
Written by	Tito Carpi, Franco Castellano, Marino Girolami, Giuseppe Moccia, Carlo Moscovini

Plot synopsis
The Grand Hotel Cortez is converted from an old castle that harbors the ghost of Maria Celeste Cortez (Chelo Alonso). She has lost her funereal shroud and goes from room to room, looking for it. (Yes, it really did take five screenwriters to come up with that brilliant plot!)

Innocents, The 
Directed by	Jack Clayton
Written by	William Archibald, Truman Capote, John Mortimer
Based on	the novel The Turn of the Screw by Henry James

Plot synopsis / Review
When Miss Giddens (Deborah Kerr) arrives for her governess job interview in London, she has no idea what she is in for. But she is soon set as straight as her Victorian posture.

The childrens’ uncle (Michael Redgrave) sternly informs Miss Giddens that the manor house where the tots live is isolated, and quite lonely. But no matter — under no circumstances is he to be bothered with any questions, communiqués or problems, period. The household is hers to run, and the children basically hers to raise. Their parents died, he explains emotionlessly, and the unpleasantness of custody has fallen to him. 

Rather than running in the other direction, Miss Giddens gladly accepts the job and looks forward to her new post. When she arrives at the bleak mansion, prim and proper Miss Giddens is greeted by the housekeeper, the rotund and kindly Mrs. Grose (Megs Jenkins) and the girl, Flora (Pamela Franklin). Flora is a flower of a child, fun-loving and sweet as a sweet-pea.

Things begin to go awry — just a bit — when the boy, Miles (Martin Stephens), is expelled from his boarding school and sent home. Miss Giddens is sure there’s been some terrible mistake; Miles is such a good, adorable little boy, he couldn’t possibly have done anything to deserve expulsion.

But what can she do? She mustn’t trouble their uncle, after all. Before long, sordid stories of the previous governess, Miss Jessel (Clytie Jessup) and the groundsman, Peter Quint (Peter Wyngarde) begin to bubble to the surface. They were both wicked people. Were they lovers? They are both dead. …But why?  Perhaps they are not really and truly dead and gone. Dead, yes, but not gone.

Miss Giddens hears cries in the night, but Flora tells her to just ignore them. She sees apparitions at the window, but Mrs. Grose tells her to just calm down. The children are becoming less and less angelic with each passing day. Or are they? Is it all in the spinster governess’s mind?

The best and most frightening spine-tingling in The Innocents is when the governess casually kisses young Miles good-night, then recoils in horror when she realizes that someone other than Miles has kissed her back. Despite its lack of any overt sexuality, much lies boiling beneath the gloomy, sharp-edged black and white surface.

Vampires were extremely popular in Victorian literature, because the avid readers (chiefly female) could be plied with descriptions of irresistible, mesmerizing eyes, long, conical fingers, and hard, sharp fangs that penetrate and bring forth fountains of warm and sticky liquid, not to mention unspeakable ecstasy. For the heroines of these penny dreadfuls, there could be sex without guilt, because “the devil made them do it.” Here in The Innocents, it’s about possession.

Malevolent spirits possess the bodies of the young, innocent children and use them, much like the virtuous Victorian virgin bride was sexually possessed by her husband on the wedding night. True gothic horror, The Innocents is deftly directed and beautifully acted. Although there are holes in the story and much is left unsaid, the slow creeping, hairs-raised-on-the-back of-your-neck suspense is what it’s all about here.

There isn’t a spot of blood, no one loses a limb or noggin, and not a single ax-wielding maniac comes leaping from the shadows. The movie itself is “innocent” of the stab and slab gore-fests we’ve come to know in this day and age.

Although I can get behind buckets of guts and chainsaw massacres as much as anyone else, I wasn’t bored for a moment during The Innocents. It’s as unsettling as any modern-day psychological thriller because it employs elements that we as human beings pre-wired, right down in our lizard-brains, to fear: the dark, the unknown, the soul-stealing.

The Innocents has deservedly earned its classic status, so if you haven’t seen it yet it’s available for rental and is perfect for a rainy afternoon (in fact, there’s a certain rainy afternoon scene in the movie involving...well, you’ll just have to see for yourself).

For fans of The Innocents
I also recommend: The Other (1972), and Audrey Rose (1977).


1962


Captain Clegg 
Directed by	Peter Graham Scott
Written by	Anthony Hinds
Based on	the novel Dr. Syn by Russell Thorndike
Tagline	Their oath was... TERROR! Their cry... BLOOD!

Plot synopsis
One of the few Hammer horror films that isn’t really supernatural. The mysterious pirate-plot focuses on ghostly riders on phantomly steeds who are up to no good. Peter Cushing and Oliver Reed star.

Carnival of Souls 
Directed by	Herk Harvey
Written by	John Clifford
Tagline	Is there death after life?

Plot synopsis
After a young woman (Candace Hilligoss) cheats death and survives an otherwise deadly drag-racing car wreck, she finds herself compelled to enter a mysterious and spooky deserted carnival.

Tales of Terror 
Directed by	Roger Corman   
Written by	Richard Matheson
Based on	the stories Morella, The Black Cat, The Facts in the Case of M. Valdemar and A Cask of Amontillado by Edgar Allan Poe
Tagline	A trilogy of shock and horror!

Plot synopsis
You really can’t go wrong with Poe tales as adapted by horror legend Richard Matheson, directed by the infamous Roger Corman, and starring the likes of Vincent Price, Peter Lorre, Basil Rathbone, and Debra Paget. Over the top acting and ketchup-red blood make for campy fun. (The ghost is in The Case of M. Valdemar, which has a malevolent mesmerist keeping a man’s unwilling spirit alive as his body rots.)

Witch’s Mirror 
Directed by	Chano Urueta
Written by	Alfredo Ruanova, Carlos Enrique Taboada

Plot synopsis
When a wicked man murders his wife, her ghost is summoned and emerges from a witch’s mirror.


1963


Black Sabbath 
Directed by	Mario Bava
Written by	Mario Bava, Alberto Bevilacqua, Marcello Fondato 
Based on	stories by Ivan Chekhov, F.G. Snyder, Aleksei Tolstoy
Tagline	The most gruesome day in the calendar!

Plot synopsis
This trilogy of terrifying tales (directed by the padre of modern horror movies, Mario Bava) all feature ghosts in some way: The Drop of Water is about a nurse who steals jewelry from a stiff spiritualist, only to have its owner come back from the dead to get it back (proving that crime definitely doesn’t pay). The Telephone rings the bells of a woman who is terrorized by calls from a dead lecher (but at least they’re not collect calls). The Wurdalak stars Boris Karloff as a an undead creature who feeds only on the blood of his loved ones (the family that slurps together, stays together).

Diary of a Madman 
Directed by	Reginald Le Borg
Written by	Robert E. Kent
Based on	a short story by Guy de Maupassant

Plot synopsis
An evil ghost possesses the body of sculptor (Vincent Price) who uses live figure models… of course, the models don’t stay “live” for long!

Haunted Palace, The 
Directed by	Roger Corman
Written by	Charles Beaumont, Francis Ford Coppola
Based on	the story The Strange Case of Charles Dexter Ward by H.P. Lovecraft
Tagline	A warlock’s home is his castle... Forever!

Plot synopsis
Vincent Price, Debra Paget and Lon Chaney Jr. star in this atmospheric haunted house chiller about a New England doctor who was burned as a sorcerer in 1745, but is still waiting around for an ancestor to show up so he can borrow the body for awhile.

Haunting, The
Directed by	Robert Wise
Written by	Nelson Gidding
Based on	the novel The Haunting of Hill House by Shirley Jackson
Tagline	You may not believe in ghosts but you cannot deny terror!

Plot synopsis / Review
I would love to wear my fleece with pride and agree with everyone who’s anyone that The Haunting is the best ghost movie ever made. While I’m hardly saying that it doesn’t deserve the high esteem in which it held, The Haunting is… well, it’s kind of boring.

It starts off great, with a disembodied voice-over narration explaining that New England’s Hill House has been cursed from the day its building was complete. Year after year, the house’s inhospitable ghosts have either driven everyone away or, worse, driven them to suicide. There’s a an effectively eerie hanging scene early on, and the cinematography shows the death to shadowy, spine-tingling effect.

Flash forward to the present, and we meet Dr.John Markway (Richard Johnson), a professor experimenting with ESP and forms of paranormal phenomena. He decides to form a small study group of certain special people, inviting them to spend a few nights in the isolated Hill House. Before long, Luke (Russ Tamblyn), Theodora (Claire Bloom), and Eleanor (Julie Harris) are ensconced within the formidable walls. Each person is as different from the other as possible, and each talks about themselves and each other. A lot. 

Here is where The Haunting gets far too talky and it stays that way for far too long. Now before you brand me a bloodthirsty, M-TV generation heathen, take into account that I do enjoy quite a few “slow burn” black & white thrillers (Dragonwyk, The Innocents, and The Woman in White to name a bare few) that predate the debut of Music Television by decades. The Haunting drags on, ineffectively trying to spice the bland fare with lesbian undertones, spooky yowls off-screen, and more supposition about what could be going on in Hill House. It does pick up again towards the end, after Dr. Markway’s wife shows up unexpectedly.

Director Robert Wise was mentored by producer Val Lewton (Cat People, I Walked With a Zombie, The Ghost Ship), and his talent is undisputed. Wise could go from sappy sing-n-dance fare like The Sound of Music to all out horror like Audrey Rose, and master everything in between. He surrounded himself with talented people, always, and The Haunting is no exception: It’s beautifully photographed by Davis Boulton; visually realized by set designer John Jarvis; and spookily scored by Humphrey Searle. The actors all embody their characters believably enough, and while the story is nothing special, it does justice to Shirley Jackson’s novel. But — it’s still slow.

While I do think The Haunting is somewhat overrated, I believe it’s well worth a look. Wait for a day when you’re more in the mood for whispers than screams.

For fans of The Haunting
I also recommend: The Innocents (1961), and The Curse of the Cat People (1944).

Terror in the Crypt, The 
Directed by	Camillo Mastrocinque
Written by	Ernesto Gastaldi
Based on	the novel Carmilla by Sheridan Le Fanu

Plot synopsis
A buxom young woman in a haunted house falls prey to the possessive ghost of her witchy ancestor, Carmilla, and it’s up to Christopher Lee to save her soul. Also recommended: The movie Suspiria (1977).

Twice-Told Tales 
Directed by	Sidney Salkow   
Written by	Robert E. Kent   
Based on	stories by Nathaniel Hawthorne
Tagline	A trio of terror!

Plot synopsis
Vincent Price in another trilogy of terror? Yes, yes, yes! In this one, based on tales by Nathaniel Hawthorne, there is only one ghastly, ghostly story: The spirit of Mathew Maulle (Floyd Simmons) haunts The House of the Seven Gables and helps impart the tragic story of a deadly family feud.

Virgin of Nuremberg, The
Directed by	Antonio Margheriti
Written by	Gastad Green
Based on	the novel by Frank Bogart
Tagline	Woman’s virtues made him a killer!

Plot synopsis
An unspeakably scarred man named Erich (Christopher Lee) is the keeper of a dark, gothic German castle where unwilling visitors are tortured at by a ghostly madman. An iron maiden (the torture device, not the rock group) figures painfully into the plot.

Whip and the Body, The 
Directed by	Mario Bava
Written by	Ernesto Gastaldi, Ugo Guerra, Luciano Martino
Tagline	What is her terrifying secret?

Plot synopsis
Christopher Lee is back in ’63, and so are the buxom babes. This time, he plays man whose lover has committed suicide and that ultimately leads to his own death… but just because he’s buried, it doesn’t mean he’s dead and gone! Also recommended: The movie The Pit and the Pendulum (1961).


1964


Castle of Blood 
Directed by	Antonio Margheriti
Written by	Jean Grimaud, Sergio Corbucci
Based on	the story Danse Macabre by Edgar Allen Poe
Tagline	The living and the dead change places in an orgy of terror!

Plot synopsis
This costume horror flick follows Foster (Georges Rivière), an American writer in England who accepts a bet from Lord Blackwood and Edgar Allan Poe to spend the night in a haunted castle on All Soul’s Eve. Foster, proudly a man of reason, does not believe in the supernatural… until he is drawn into a deadly ghost soap opera, and literally plunged into an ancient love-triangle that turned deadly and was never resolved. Typical old-school Italian horror fare, replete with heaving bosoms (even on the otherwise withered corpses), dark gothic shadows and bad things that go bump in the night. 

Gorgon, The
Directed by	Terence Fisher
Written by	J. Llewellyn Devine, John Gilling
Tagline	Petrifies the screen with horror!

Plot synopsis
While the legendary femme fatale from Greek myth takes center stage in this gory Hammer film, there is a fleeting ghost as well. Stars Christopher Lee and Peter Cushing. Also recommended: The movie Clash of the Titans (1981).

Seance on a Wet Afternoon
Directed by	Bryan Forbes
Written by	Bryan Forbes
Based on	the novel by Mark McShane
Tagline	Was it magic or murder they planned?

Plot synopsis
Richard Attenborough and Kim Stanley star as a bereaved couple who’ve lost their only child shortly after his birth. Years later, they kidnap a little girl and hold her for ransom, meanwhile fooling the parents into thinking that they are in touch with the supernatural world and can get ghosts to help them locate the child. 

Tomb of Ligeia 
Directed by	Roger Corman
Written by	Robert Towne
Based on	the story by Edgar Allan Poe
Tagline	His first wife is dead… but still a little CATTY!

Plot synopsis / Review
The opening sequence — showing a the lovely Ligeia (Elizabeth Shepherd) resting in her glass coffin and about to be wrongly buried in consecrated ground — sets the stage for gothic scares and toxic love that will not die. The grieving husband, Verden Fell (Vincent Price) soon falls for another woman who he just happens to be the spitting (and hissing) image of Ligeia. Or it is actually Ligeia, and has she come back as a cunning cat?
 
Starring the incomparable Mr. Price, directed by Roger Corman, scripted by Robert “Chinatown” Towne, and based on an Edgar Allen Poe tale, how can you go wrong with The Tomb of Ligeia? Apparently, you can’t: This atmospheric ghost story — complete with an eerie and evil black feline at the ready to torment a soul or two, a jealous (and dead) wife, and a woman possessed — is a must-see for fans of the genre.

For fans of The Tomb of Ligeia
I also recommend: Tales of Terror (1962), and The Bride (1985).

Two Thousand Maniacs! 
Directed by	Herschell Gordon Lewis
Written by	Herschell Gordon Lewis
Tagline	A town of madmen crazed for carnage!

Plot synopsis
Pleasant Valley is a ghost town. Literally. When six Yankees go to a Southern town for a little vacation, they find themselves the targets of Confederate soldiers whose spirits haven’t rested for 100 years.

Who Was She? 
Directed by	Raj Khosla
Written by	Dhruva Chatterjee

Plot synopsis
This horror/suspense/romance/musical/drama film made in India tells the story of a confused bridegroom who may or may not have wed a ghost. Somehow I don’t think asking “Who was she?” after the vow of eternal pledge is given is such a good idea.


1965


Haunted Planet, The 
Directed by	Mario Bava
Written by	Mario Bava, Louis M. Heyward, Ib Melchior
Based on	the story One Night of 21 Hours by Renato Pestriniero
Tagline	Outlaw planet on a killer orbit!

Plot synopsis
Italian cinematographer/horror director Mario Bava creates a creepy alien atmosphere in this spooky story about astronauts who find themselves on a desolate planet that isn’t quite as deserted as it looks.

Juliet of the Spirits 
Directed by	Federico Fellini
Written by	Federico Fellini, Ennio Flaiano, Tullio Pinelli, Brunello Rondi  

Plot synopsis
Since this is a Federico Fellini film, you can expect fewer specters and more sex in surreal fantasy settings. Starring Fellini’s real-life wife Giulietta Masina as the title character, Juliet of the Spirits follows the exploits of an affluent socialite who is obsessed with the idea that her husband, Giorgio (Mario Pisu), is cheating on her. When she has contact with a ghost during a séance, she becomes more convinced than ever.

Kill, Baby... Kill! 
Directed by	Mario Bava
Written by	Mario Bava, John Hart, Romano Migliorini, Roberto Natale
Tagline	An operation in fear!

Plot synopsis 
Having a heart of gold is usually a good thing, but in Kill, Baby… Kill! the only way to get one is to die. In a remote Carpathian village, someone is killing people and the corpses are discovered with gold coins jammed into their hearts. As it turns out, a ghost is behind it all, but the gory story is just beginning.

Kwaidan 
Directed by	Masaki Kobayashi
Written by	Yôko Mizuki
Based on	the novel Ghost Story by Lafcadio Hearn

Plot synopsis 
Four Japanese campfire tales are told through Black Hair (an unfaithful husband pays the ultimate price); The Woman of the Snow (a ghostly snow witch chooses between life and death for two woodsmen); Hoichi the Earless (a blind musician is tattooed to protect him from evil spirits when he is summed by the specter of a dead Samurai for a command performance); and In a Cup of Tea (a hapless caffeine addict is “steeped” in ghostly visions).

Skull, The 
Directed by	Freddie Francis
Written by	Milton Subotsky
Based on	the short story The Skull of the Marquis de Sade by Robert Bloch
Tagline	When the skull strikes you’ll scream!

Plot synopsis
Professor Maitland (Peter Cushing) is a creepy collector fixated with acquiring artifacts reputed to have occult properties. When he uncovers cranial esoterica in the crypt of a long-dead French nobleman and brings it home with him, the prof finds himself haunted by not the usual headless ghost, but a bodiless one! Better than it sounds, as it’s based on a story by Robert Bloch, the same author who penned the source material for Alfred Hitchcock’s Psycho.

Sweet Sound of Death 
Directed by	Javier Setó
Written by	Paulino Rodrigo Díaz, Javier Setó

Plot synopsis
A pair of paramours promise to remain united forever, even beyond death.


1966

An Angel for Satan 
Directed by	Camillo Mastrocinque
Written by	Giuseppe Mangione, Camillo Mastrocinque

Plot synopsis
Scream queen Barbara Steele stars in this 19th century-set sultry spooker about an ancient statue and a statuesque young woman who look uncannily alike.

Ghost and Mr. Chicken, The 
Directed by	Alan Rafkin
Written by	James Fritzell, Everett Greenbaum, Andy Griffith
Tagline	He’s in the middle of a mystery without a clue.

Plot synopsis
Nervous-nellie Luther Heggs (Don Knotts) works for a newspaper as a lowly typesetter, but his dream is to be a big-time reporter. Heggs gets his break, but soon has second thoughts when he finds out he’s required to spend the night in a legendary haunted house to get the story. 

Ghost Goes Gear 
Directed by	Hugh Gladwish
Written by	Roger Dunton, Hugh Gladwish 

Plot synopsis
The Spencer Davis Group (Spencer Davis, Stevie Winwood, Muff Winwood and Pete York) are no Monkees in this groovy guffaw-fest, but when the tuneful troop finds out they’re managed by the heir of a greedy ghost they become dupes for a money-making scheme.

Ghost in the Invisible Bikini, The 
Directed by	Don Weis
Written by	Louis M. Heyward, Elwood Ullman
Tagline	A pretty ghoul trades in her bed sheet for a bikini!

Plot synopsis
Tommy “Old Yeller” Kirk headlines this bizarre beach blanket bingo style ghost romp, which also stars Boris Karloff and Nancy Sinatra. (Yes, I said Boris Karloff and Nancy Sinatra!) Also recommended: the movie Mad Monster Party (1968).

Nightmare Castle 
Directed by	Mario Caiano
Written by	Mario Caiano, Fabio De Agostini

Plot synopsis
Even though a mad-scientist (Paul Muller) murders his cheating wife (Barbara Steele), he can’t quite stop her heart.


1967


Autopsy of a Ghost 
Directed by	Ismael Rodríguez
Written by	Ismael Rodríguez

Plot synopsis
Basil Ratbone, John Carradine and Cameron Mitchell all went South of the Border to collect paychecks on this schlocky mishmash of horror featuring ghosts, zombies, fem-bots, and mad scientists.

Hillbillys in a Haunted House
Directed by	Jean Yarbrough
Written by	Duke Yelton
Tagline	They’ll scare the pants off you!

Plot synopsis
Clueless cowboy crooners Woody Weathrby (Ferlin Husky) and Boots Malone (Joi Lansing) get caught in a sidetracking storm on their way to the Nashville Jamboree and are forced take shelter in a haunted house. Costars Basil Rathbone, John Carradine, Lon Chaney Jr., and Merle Haggard.
 
Something Weird 
Directed by	Herschell Gordon Lewis
Written by	James F. Hurley
Tagline	Something Weird comes to haunt you...

Plot synopsis
After a man is struck by lightning, he develops strange cognitive powers and the ability to chew the fat with phantoms. Things get weird when a blanket goes on the attack.


1968


Big Ghost War 
Directed by	Yoshiyuki Kuroda
Written by	Tetsuro Yoshida
Tagline	Spook warfare.

Plot synopsis
When a European bird-vampire creature tries to make nest in their territory, an army of Japanese goblins and ghosts unite and give him the tar-and-feather treatment.

Black Cat in the Bamboo Forest 
Directed by	Kaneto Shindô
Written by	Kaneto Shindô

Plot synopsis
Set in feudal Japan, the grisly tale of a mother and daughter who are raped and have their throats torn out unfolds in slow-burn Asian fashion. Their beautiful, alluring ghosts remain in the forest, waiting to tempt and wreak revenge on the male sex.

Blackbeard’s Ghost
Directed by	Robert Stevenson
Written by	Don DaGradi, Bill Walsh 
Based on	the book by Ben Stahl
Tagline	Gangway!

Plot synopsis
The first ’post-Walt’ Disney release is about the ghost of a brash pirate (Peter Ustinov) who comes to aid of his descendant, elderly Emily Stowecroft (Elsa Lanchester), to keep her from getting bilked and to lift a curse from himself.

Ghost of a Chance 
Directed by	Jan Darnley-Smith
Written by	Ed Harper, Patricia Lathan

Plot synopsis
When a trio of civic-minded children take it upon themselves to fight the destruction of a local historic landmark, they are aided by a faction of friendly ghosts.

Ghost of Hanley House 
Directed by	Louise Sherrill
Written by	Louise Sherrill

Plot synopsis
Heads are rolling in Hanley House when five friends decide to spend the night to see if it’s really haunted.

Ghosts, Italian Style
Directed by	Renato Castellani
Written by	Adriano Baracco, Leo Benvenuti, Piero De Bernardi  
Based on	a play by Eduardo de Filippo
Tagline	If you were a ghost in Sophia’s house, you wouldn’t stay in the attic either.

Plot synopsis
Unhappily married couple Pasquale (Vittorio Gassman) and Maria (Sophia Loren) play host to a whole lot of ghosts in this funny, fantastical romp. Also recommended: The movie Divorce, Italian Style (1961).

Hour of the Wolf
Directed by	Ingmar Bergman
Written by	Ingmar Bergman

Plot synopsis / Review
Although the image of the man playing chess with the devil in 1957’s The Seventh Seal is an indelible one — and the one that comes to most of our minds when we think of the great Swedish director — Ingmar Bergman’s only real horror film came along some eleven years later with Hour of the Wolf.

The epitome of gloomy gothic Scandinavian-styled scares, Hour of the Wolf tells the story of an artist, Johan Borg (Max Von Sydow), whose sanity lies in delicate balance with madness when his nightmares come to life. Scary, unsettling, and undeniably beautiful, Hour of the Wolf is a ghost story in the strangest, most forlorn sense. 

The artist finds himself confined to an island, where he is visited by spectral creatures who will each become a spooky signifier to something haunting that happened in his past. Johan suffers from insomnia and shaky nerves, and his nights are spent waiting in horror for the magical hour before dawn… the hour of the wolf. His wife, Alma (Liv Ullman) soon starts to see the nightmares, too. Alma, telling her story in busted third wall format, unspools the disturbing tale of how she tried to help him overcome his dangerous obsession with his all-too-real ghosts. 

Bergman is irrefutably an influence of surrealist directors like David Lynch, Ken Russell, Roman Polanski, and to some extent Darren Aronofsky, but it’s cinematographer Sven Nykvist’s bold use of stark black and white imagery that really bring the chills right into your bones. An eerie hollowness pervades this short (hour and a half), intense film. If you like your horror arty, gothic, and unforgettable, then Hour of the Wolf is one for your library. (Note: If you find puppets freaky, you just might want to sleep with the lights on and Fats turned to the wall after seeing this movie!)

For fans of Hour of the Wolf
I also recommend: Lost Highway (1997), and Dead of Night (1945).

Isabel 
Directed by	Paul Almond
Written by	Paul Almond

Plot synopsis
Genevieve Bujold plays Isabel, a freaked-out young woman who is either haunted by her past, or just plain haunted. 

Journey Into Midnight 
Directed by	Roy Ward Baker, Alan Gibson
Written by	Robert Bloch, Jeremy Paul  

Plot synopsis
Hammer Films cut together two episodes of their popular TV series Journey to the Unknown for this theatrical release, which includes Julie “The Haunting” Harris in a tale of terror called The Indian Spirit Guide.

Spirits of the Dead
Directed by	Federico Fellini, Louis Malle, Roger Vadim
Written by	several credits, including the directors
Based on	stories by Edgar Allan Poe
Tagline	Edgar Allan Poe’s ultimate orgy!

Plot synopsis / Review
Spirits of the Dead is a glossy trilogy of Edgar Allan Poe horror tales, each one directed by a different European auteur. 

Toby Damnit is Federico Fellini’s offering, and it is gloriously typical of his surreal style and visual panache. It’s also a lot more cohesive than the majority of his features, which the casual viewer will appreciate. The segment stars a damned — literally — flashy actor (Terence Stamp) who’s relentlessly pursued by a demonic little girl. 

William Wilson is Louis Malle’s story; it stars Alain Delon as a man driven mad by his own doppelganger (but having a barely-dressed Bridget Bardot hanging out, er, around could also have had something to do with W.W. losing his wits).

My favorite of the three, Metzgengerstein, is directed by Roger Vadim. Metzgengerstein is the artsy-haunty story of a debauched countess (Jane Fonda) with a pet cheetah, a push-up bra and a seemingly endless supply of eyeliner. In her failure to corrupt her gentle, horse-lovin’ cousin (Peter Fonda), Countess Metzgengerstein burns his stable down. He’s killed in the blaze but the morning after the fire, a mysterious black stallion shows up in the royal courtyard. She is strangely drawn to the haunted horse, loving him as she’s never loved anything or anyone before. Most critics review Metzgengerstein as the weakest link in this Poe chain, but I love it for its unapologetic homage to Caligula-style decadence, the imagery of the surreal steed, and the bizarre onscreen love triangle between  brother and sister, and sister’s then-husband (director, Vadim). 

For fans of Spirits of the Dead
I also recommend: Don’t Look Now (1973), and Faust (1926).


1969


Adding Machine, The 
Directed by	Jerome Epstein
Written by	Jerome Epstein
Based on	the play by Elmer Rice

Plot synopsis
Mr. Zero + Mrs. Zero - Mr. Zero’s longtime job as an accountant = a strange comedic fantasy about the a morally bankrupt “ghost in the machine”. Starring Milo O’Shea, Phyllis Diller, and an uncredited calculator.

Daughter of the Mind 
Directed by	Walter E. Grauman
Written by	Luther Davis 
Based on	the novel The Hand of Mary Constable by Paul Gallico

Plot synopsis / Review
Shortly into this supernatural-themed TV movie, the ghost-girl says to her father, “Daddy, I hate being dead. ” Oh, really? That’s a surprise! I’ll bet she hates cleaning up her room, too. 

Kiddie star Pamelyn Ferdin was the Jodelle Ferland of her generation -- the mini actor-savant was in everything from Star Trek to Night Gallery to The Mephisto Waltz and many things in-between... and she almost always played a creepy little bugger.

Daughter of the Mind is based upon a book by the legendary author Paul Galico (whose books were adapted for The Three Lives of Thomasina, and The Poseidon Adventure) and it stars Ray Milland and Gene Tierney as the parents of young Mary, a little dead girl who refuses to fade away. The supporting cast includes Don Murray and John Carradine in pivotal roles. 

There are some good, very effective scenes in the movie which include levitating spirits, séances, spirit mediums, and a solid mystery which brings the supernatural stirrings into question (is this “haunting” somehow connected with Mary’s father’s sensitive government job in cybernetics? Hmmm).

For fans of Daughter of the Mind
I also recommend: The Haunting of Julia (1977), and The Devil Commands (1941).

Fear No Evil 
Directed by	Paul Wendkos
Written by	Richard Alan Simmons
Based on	a story by Guy Endore

Plot synopsis
Mirror, mirror on the wall; Who is the most handsome of all? Why, it’s French actor Louis Jourdan, of course! Is he the ghost behind the glass or is it all just a reflection of someone’s else love and hate? This strange made-for-TV love quadrangle between a man, a woman, the woman’s dead lover, and an antique mirror was so well-received it demanded a sequel, Ritual of Evil, which aired the following year. Also recommended: the movie Count Dracula (1977).

Haunted House of Horror, The
Directed by	Michael Armstrong, John Cardos
Written by	Michael Armstrong, Peter Marcus

Plot synopsis
Thirty-year-old Frankie Avalon plays a hoodlum teen-tough who winds up “half the man he used to be” after spending the night in a haunted house with a resident who’s got a hankering for hacking. (But don’t worry, Frankie is “clean cut” till the very end.) Although the title The Haunted House of Horror didn’t surface until 1970, the film was released in 1969 as The Dark.

Quiet Place in the Country, A 
Directed by	Elio Petri
Written by	Tonino Guerra, Elio Petri, Luciano Vincenzoni

Plot synopsis
When an uninspired artist goes to a quiet place in the country to paint, he meets an enigmatic woman with hair of gold and eyes of boo… yep, she’s a ghost! When somebody gets chopped into little, itty-bitty pieces, I guess you could says it’s a hurts-and-flowers romance! Also recommended: The anthology Schalken the Painter and Others: Ghost Stories (1838–61) by J. Sheridan Le Fanu (special edition 2002).

 

The 1970s

1970


House That Dripped Blood, The 
Directed by	Peter Duffell
Written by	Robert Bloch 
Tagline	TERROR waits for you in every room in The House That Dripped Blood.

Plot synopsis
When a film star goes missing, Inspector Holloway (John Bennett) decides to look for clues in the house the actor was renting. Holloway soon learns that it’s hard-luck house… or is it haunted? Four self-contained tales of horror follow, each bracketed by the police investigation. While the house has ghostly possibilities, the stories themselves focus on other types of horror (vampires, killers, voodoo, etc.). Costarring Jon Pertwee, Christopher Lee, and Peter Cushing.

Man Who Haunted Himself, The 
Directed by	Basil Dearden
Written by	Basil Dearden, Michael Relph
Based on	the Alfred Hitchcock Presents episode The Case of Mr. Pelham by Anthony Armstrong
Tagline	You will live every shattering moment of terror with... The Man Who Haunted Himself.

Plot synopsis
What is that look-alike creature following Harold Pelham (Roger Moore)? Is it a doppelganger, or is he insane? Harold was in a terrible car wreck..  could the creature be his own ghost? (If I told you, I’d have to kill you — so just rent the DVD and find out for yourself.)

Sole Survivor 
Directed by	Paul Stanley
Written by	Guerdon Trueblood

Plot synopsis
Vince Edwards plays Major Michael Devlin, a ghost who has been waiting for his bones and the wreckage of his plane to be discovered so he can rest in peace. It seems the sole survivor of the crash, navigator Russell Hamner (Richard Basehart), was at fault but never owned up to it.

Venus in Furs 
Directed by	 Jesus Franco
Written by	Inge Hilger, Fabio Massimo
Based on	the novel by Leopold von Sacher-Masoch

Plot synopsis
This bizarre thriller centers on a man who, while coming down from an LSD trip, discovers the body of a beautiful woman washed up on the beach. When he encounters her “dead ringer” in a nightclub later on, he wonders if she’s a ghost. Another, not supernatural, cinematic version of the Venus in Furs novel came out 1969 (directed by Massimo Dallamano).

Web of the Spider 
Directed by	Anthony M. Dawson
Written by	Giovanni Addessi, Bruno Corbucci, Anthony M. Dawson Giovanni Grimaldi
Based on	the story Danse Macabre by Edgar Allen Poe
Tagline	A classic tale of horror!

Plot synopsis 
Klaus Kinski plays Edgar Allan Poe in this tepid (and torpid) tale of ghosts in a haunted mansion. 

Wuthering Heights 
Directed by	Robert Fuest
Written by	Patrick Tilley
Based on	the novel by Emily Brontë
Tagline	The power, the passion, the terror of Emily Bronte’s immortal story of young love.

Plot synopsis / Review
The star-crossed lovers, Heathcliff and Cathy are back, 70s-style. The future James Bond, Timothy Dalton, plays the gloomy stable-boy in this version of the classic tale of love and loss and while he does have the glower down-pat, there is something missing. It’s not his fault — in fact, the casting is beyond reproach all ’round — it’s the rather flat, passionless filming and directing style which places the movie in so-so status.

Wuthering Heights is supposed to dark, gothic, and moody. The way this movie is lit, every corner is as bright as a sunbeam and the way it is directed leaves nothing to the imagination. Even Cathy’s ghost is shown running around in broad daylight! (Or should that be “The Living Daylights”?)

The story does follow its cinematic predecessors pretty closely (i.e., not very close to the book) but there is very little about the haunting. If you’re in the mood for a romantic click-flick with beautiful-looking characters, then this version of Wuthering Heights is worth a peek. But if you want dark shadows, pining phantoms and misty moors, you’re better off with the 1939 classic.

For fans of Wuthering Heights
I recommend: Wuthering Heights (1992), and Anna Karenina (1948).


1971


Blood from the Mummy’s Tomb 
Directed by	Seth Holt
Written by	Christopher Wicking
Based on	the novel Jewel of the Seven Stars by Bram Stoker
Tagline	A severed hand beckons from an open grave!

Plot synopsis
The ghost of an ancient mummified Egyptian queen possesses the body of a young woman who wears jewelry that was once hers (Valerie Leon plays both roles). More stylish than your usual Hammer Film.

Let’s Scare Jessica to Death  
Directed by	John D. Hancock
Written by	John D. Hancock (as Ralph Rose), Lee Kalcheim
Tagline	Something is after Jessica. Something very cold, very wet... and very dead.

Plot synopsis
This is great therapy for someone who’s just been released from a mental hospital: Go live on an isolated, haunted farm. That’s exactly what Jessica (Zohra Lampert) decides to do, and — surprise! — begins to question her sanity when she meets Emily (Marieclare Costello) a woman who supposedly drowned on the farm years before. Also recommended: the movie What Lies Beneath (2000).

Night of Dark Shadows 
Directed by	Dan Curtis
Written by	Dan Curtis, Sam Hall
Based on	the soap opera Dark Shadows
Tagline	Hung as a witch 200 years ago, Angelique comes back to Collinwood. Her return from the grave is just the beginning of their lust.

Plot synopsis
This, the second feature film made that was based upon the Dark Shadows soap opera, tells the spooky story of a painter and his wife, who, after moving into the ancestral mansion, find themselves plagued by ghost-witches. (The first movie, 1970’s House of Dark Shadows, focuses on vampires.)

Virgin Among the Living Dead, A 
Directed by	Jesús Franco
Written by	Jesús Franco

Plot synopsis 
I can’t guarantee that the version you see of A Virgin Among the Living Dead will be a ghost story. As was common practice in the era, erotic foreign films were often cut and recut for Stateside audiences, making the original intent of the filmmakers barely recognizable. Also known as Christina Princesse De l’Erotisme and Among the Living Dead, this cut-n-paste movie is a ghost story or a zombie story or a vampire story, depending on which version you get.


1972


Amazing Mr. Blunden, The 
Directed by	Lionel Jeffries
Written by	Lionel Jeffries
Based on	the novel The Ghosts by Antonia Barber

Plot synopsis
A strange solicitor named Mr. Blunden (Laurence Naismith) rounds up a widow and her two children, taking them to Langley Park Estate, where a trio of young siblings were killed in 1818. The spirits of the kids cannot rest until the mystery of their deaths is solved, so the obliging family goes back in time to find out what happened. (I wonder if they’ll need passports? And can you imagine the security drill?)

Asphyx, The 
Directed by	Peter Newbrook
Written by	Brian Comfort
Based on	a story by Christina and Laurence Beers
Tagline	This circle of light is the difference between life and immortality.

Plot synopsis
Paranormal photographer Hugo Cunningham (Robert Stephens) learns the secret to cheating death when taking snapshots of the dying… he learns how to capture the spirit (or ’asphyx’) just after death. But now what? (Hint: It’s not good.)

Curse of the Living Dead 
Directed by	Jean Rollin
Written by	Jean Rollin

Plot synopsis
Also known as Les Demoniaques, this bizarre surrealist French film is about two innocent young women who are violated and murdered at sea, make a deal with the devil, and come back to haunt the pirates that killed them. 

Maniac Mansion 
Directed by	Francisco Lara Polop, Pedro Lazaga
Written by	Luis G. de Blain, Antonio Troiso

Plot synopsis 
Don’t you just hate it when a rainstorm drives you to the shelter of a spooky old mansion, and the only other people around are ax-murders and the ghosts of victims of an ancient vampire massacre?

Name for Evil, A 
Directed by	Bernard Girard
Written by	Bernard Girard

Plot synopsis
When architect John Blake (Robert Culp) and his wife Joanna (Samantha Eggar) decide to move out to the country and rebuild his great-grandfather’s old estate, they find out the dead old codger (and his horse!) are still there and not willing to share. Also known as The Grove — some copyright notices have the release date as 1970; others at 1973.

Neither the Sea Nor the Sand 
Directed by	Fred Burnley
Written by	Gordon Honeycombe
Based on	the novel by Gordon Honeycombe

Plot synopsis
When a woman’s lighthouse-keeper lover dies in throes of their passion, his spirit haunts her as if it’s got unfinished business. Hmmm… would that be called ghostus interruptus?

One Minute Before Death
Directed by	Rogelio A. González Jr.
Written by	Enrique Torres Tudela
Based on 	the story The Oval Portrait by Edgar Allen Poe

Plot synopsis
When a nice woman comes into contact with a painting harboring the ghost of a not-so-nice woman, bad things happen.

Play it Again, Sam
Directed by	Herbert Ross
Written by	Woody Allen
Based on 	the play by Woody Allen
Tagline	If you’re going to take advice, take it from the best.

Plot synopsis
The ghost of Humphrey Bogart (Jerry Lacy) gives a down-on-his luck film critic (Woody Allen) life-changing advice.

Possession of Joel Delaney, The 
Directed by	Waris Hussein
Written by	Irene Kamp (as Grimes Grice), Matt Robinson
Based on	the novel by Ramona Stewart
Tagline	A supernatural shock’em dead thriller.

Plot synopsis
When wealthy Manhattan socialite Norah Benson (Shirley MacLaine) suspects that her brother Joel (Perry King) is possessed by the ghost of a recently-deceased voodoo practitioner — his girlfriend’s severed head in the refrigerator gives her the first clue — Norah must enter seedy ghettos in search of help. Dressed in furs and tweed, she sidesteps the guttersnipes and zeroes in on Santeria expert, brujo Don Pedro (Edmundo Rivera Alvarez). Eventually, she takes the brilliant advice to go to the family’s isolated beach house with her young children and her crazy, homicidal brother. How much do you want to bet Joel doesn’t want to make s’mores and sing campfire songs?

Sandcastles 
Directed by	Ted Post
Written by	Elinor Karpf, Steven Karpf, James M. Miller

Plot synopsis 
Romantic TV movie starring Bonnie Bedelia and Jan Michael Vincent — the pair fall in love while watching the waves, but one of them is an earthbound spirit and can’t leave the confines of the beach.

She Waits 
Directed by	Delbert Mann
Written by	Art Wallace

Plot synopsis
Patty Duke stars as the bride of a man with a lot of baggage: Namely, the ghost of his dead wife. Also recommended: The anthology Femmes de la Brume edited by Nicole Thomas (2003). 

Something Evil 
Directed by	Steven Spielberg
Written by	Robert Clouse

Plot synopsis
In a prelude to Poltergeist, Steven Spielberg directs this TV movie about a seemingly angelic child (Johnny Whitaker) who is possessed by an ill-intentioned ghost.



1973

And Now the Screaming Starts! 
Directed by	Roy Ward Baker
Written by	Roger Marshall
Based on	the novel Fengriffen by David Case
Tagline	And Now the Screaming Starts for them and for you!

Plot synopsis / Review
A long-past crime brings unstable ghosts to the surface when a new family moves into the house that was the scene of a brutal killing. Lending a hand to the terror is… well, a severed hand.

The story starts Rebecca-like, with voice-over narration from Victorian-era bride Catherine (Stephanie Beacham), as she arrives at the family estate of her husband, Charles Fengriffen (Ian Ogilvy). The horse and carriage stop in the fog, and we see the imposing estate (Oakley Court, which is actually the same structure later used in The Rocky Horror Picture Show) for the first time. 

Catherine and Charles step inside, and a long row of dusty, dour-faced family portraits greet them. One, in particular, catches young Catherine’s eye: It is of Charles’s grandfather, Henry (Herbert Lom). Almost immediately, the screaming starts. It seldom lets up throughout the picture (see: title), but luckily Beacham is imbued with likeability and even in a pretty thankless, powerless role she only teeters on the edge of annoyance.

Catherine has strange visions and premonitions. She even sees a severed hand crawling around. Ghostly hands – and presumably other body parts – molest her, even before her groom can enjoy the wedding night spoils. Flashbacks flutter into focus. An enigmatic woodsman enters the picture. The servants act strange. A face with bloody eye holes appears at Catherine’s bedroom window… And the haunt is on.

When the local doctor, Dr. Wittle (Patrick Magee) pays a visit and makes the diagnosis that Catherine is with child, the question is begged: whose baby is it? Cue the creepy music and turn the lights down Gothic-low! The tried-and-true story of a family curse emerges once pre-Freudian psychiatrist Dr Pope (Peter Cushing), makes his grand entrance and tries to untangle the Fengriffen family’s wicked web.

For fans of …And Now the Screaming Starts!
I recommend: An American Haunting (2005), and Torture Garden (1967).

Cat Creature, The 
Directed by	Curtis Harrington
Written by	Robert Bloch

Plot synopsis / Review
With a screenplay penned by Robert Bloch (author of Psycho) it’s pretty hard to go wrong — and the Bast-inspired story starring Keye Luke and Meredith Baxter is more fun than a brand new ball of yarn. When an ancient Egyptian amulet is stolen from a mummy case, anyone connected with the jewel is murdered, scratched and bitten, as if by an evil cat. Or maybe… A ghost cat!

Although made for television, this creature feature has quite a bit of production value, good acting, and a really fun story to sink your teeth into. It’s got supernatural curses, black cats, and tarot cards: You can’t go wrong.

For fans of The Cat Creature
I recommend: The Mummy (1932) and The Mummy (1959).

Dark Places 
Directed by	Don Sharp
Written by	Ed Brennan, Joseph Van Winkle
Tagline	There’s more than death waiting for you in dark places.

Plot synopsis
Although her picture is on the video box, Joan Collins has a ghost of a role in this hollow chiller about a materialistic man consumed by greedy ghosts while hunting for treasure.

Deadly Visitor 

Plot synopsis
A lady who runs a hellish boarding house finds that no sooner do guests check in than they “check out” — it’s all due to selfish spirit who wants the place all to himself. This movie aired on ABC’s Wide World of Mystery so long ago and made such a slight impression, the filmmaker credits have become a mystery — but the late nighter starred Perry King and Gwen Verdon.

Don’t Look Now 
Directed by	Nicolas Roeg
Written by	Allan Scott, Chris Bryant
Based on	the story by Daphne Du Maurier
Tagline	A psychic thriller.

Plot synopsis
When an American couple (Donald Sutherland and Julie Christie) move to Venice, Italy in hopes of leaving their grief behind, it follows them in the form of a red-coated creature who resembles their dead daughter. Don’t Look Now is one of the greatest supernatural suspense films of the 1970s, but it is relatively little-known (though widely copied by filmmakers).

Encounter with the Unknown 
Directed by	Harry Z. Thomason
Written by	Jack Anderson, Joe Glass, Hillman Taylor, Harry Thomason
Based on	the paranormal case studies of Dr. Jonathan Rankin

Plot synopsis
Three tales of sub-par supernatural terror narrated by Rod Serling present fictionalized ghostly tales as though based on fact.

From Beyond the Grave 
Directed by	Kevin Connor
Written by	Raymond Christodoulou, Robin Clarke
Based on	short stories by Ronald Chetwynd-Hayes
Tagline	Terror to delight worshippers of the macabre.

Plot synopsis
Peter Cushing plays the proprietor of an antique shoppe that deals in some very special — and very haunted — items. Four stories follow bargain hunters and their unfortunate purchases (talks about buyer’s remorse!). Also recommended: The novel Needful Things by Stephen King (1991).

House of Seven Corpses, The 
Directed by	Paul Harrison
Written by	Paul Harrison, Thomas J. Kelly
Tagline	Eight graves! Seven bodies! One killer... and he’s already dead.

Plot synopsis
Who needs seven gables when you can have seven corpses? The murder-house seems to be the perfect location for filming horror movie, until the spirits of those who suffered there decide that they’re “ready for their close-ups, Mr. De Mille!” Also recommended: The movie Scream 3 (2000).

House of the Living Dead 
Directed by	Raymond Austin
Written by	John Brason, Marc Marais
Tagline	The once-human horror waits in the attic... for you to open the door!

Plot synopsis 
Low budget zombie flick switches gears and turns into a ghost movie — sort of — about halfway through. 

Invasion of Carol Enders, The 
Directed by	Burt Brinckerhoff   
Written by	Gene R. Kearney   

Plot synopsis
Carol Enders (Meredith Baxter) finds herself host to ghost who needs a voice to name her murderer.

Legend of Hell House, The 
Directed by	John Hough
Written by	Richard Matheson
Based on	the novel Hell House by Richard Matheson
Tagline	For the sake of your sanity, pray it isn’t true!

Plot synopsis / Review
A group of people with paranormal proclivities stay overnight in a house that doesn’t even try to hide its evil intent. Similar to 1963’s The Haunting, but far less shy about going for the all-out scares, the legend of Hill House is exploited by ageing millionaire Rudolf Deutsch (Roland Culver) who wants to be assured of his existence even after death. He offers a cash prize to a select group of parapsychologists if they can prove there are disembodied spirits living on in the mansion. So what if a previous attempt drove all but one of the investigating team insane?

Actually, that’s debatable, because said sane researcher is back for another round: Benjamin Fischer (Roddy McDowell) returns, and warns his fellow researchers (Clive Revill, Gayle Hunnicutt and Pamela Franklin) but they aren’t deterred.

Creepy and atmospheric, The Legend of Hell House is the perfect thing to watch in the middle of a sleepless night.

For fans of The Legend of Hell House
I recommend: The Amityville Horror (1979) and White Noise (2005).

Once Upon a Scoundrel 
Directed by	George Schaefer
Written by	Alford Van Ronkel

Plot synopsis 
Zero Mostel plays a greedy Mexican land baron who will stop at nothing to get the girl of his dreams, even though she is betrothed to another. Eventually, someone dies and love triangle becomes a zany ghost story.

Seven Deaths in the Cat’s Eye
Directed by	Antonio Margheriti
Written by	Antonio Margheriti
Based on	the novel Cat’s Murdering Eye by Peter Bryan

Plot synopsis 
An ancient Scottish fortress is gripped in a deadly curse involving a wee but vengeful ghost-cat. When the locals start turning up dead, suspicion falls on the current residents of the creepy castle.


1974


Blood Reincarnation 
Directed by	Shan-si Ting
Written by	Shan-si Ting

Plot synopsis
In this trilogy of Hong Kong horror, one of the stories deals with the ghost of a medical doctor who will stop at nothing to finish the treatise he was writing when “interrupted” by the nuisance of dying. I hate when that happens.

Celine and Julie Go Boating 
Directed by	Jacques Rivette
Written by	Juliet Berto, Eduardo de Gregorio, Dominique Labourier, Bulle Ogier, Marie-France Pisier, Jacques Rivette 

Plot synopsis
Celine (Juliet Berto) and Julie (Dominique Labourier) love to tell each other stories. The stories are so realistic, they actually become real… or do they? This surrealistic art film includes a classic haunted house story among the tales told.

Deathhead Virgin, The 
Directed by	Norman Foster
Written by	Jock Gaynor, Larry Ward
Tagline	Chained for 100 years in a sunken tomb!

Plot synopsis
A female phantom guards a fortune on a sunken Spanish galleon. When a treasure hunter finds the gold, he also finds the ghost.

Ghost of the Mirror 
Directed by	Tsu-shou Sung
Written by	Yong Xiang Zhang

Plot synopsis
Bizarre fantasy about the ghost of drowned girl who haunts a water well, makes friends with a mirror spirit, and encounters a dragon.

Ghost Story 
Directed by	Stephen Weeks
Written by	Philip Norman, Rosemary Sutcliff, Stephen Weeks

Plot synopsis
Rock singer Marianne Faithfull plays a gorgeous ghost with a tortured past. Video and DVD boxes bear the title Madhouse Mansion to avoid confusion with 1981’s Ghost Story.

One Deadly Owner 
Directed by	Ian Fordyce
Written by	Brian Clemens

Plot synopsis
Donna Mills plays an American fashion model who buys a haunted Rolls Royce in London. Phantomly “fahrvergnugen” follows.

Perfume of the Lady in Black
Directed by	Francesco Barilli
Written by	Francesco Barilli
Plot synopsis / Review
The Perfume of the Lady in Black is one of the few "cash in" copycats that actually works and also manages to stand on its own. Made in Italy in an era when British and American films like And Now The Screaming Starts!, Rosemary's Baby, Don't Look Now, Mephisto's Waltz, and The Possession of Joel Delaney were well-known, this 1974 gothic thriller cribbed shamelessly from them all. It also emanates foreboding vibes from a few flicks that came along afterward, such as The Tenant, The Sentinel, and even 2007's The Orphanage.

Prolific giallo gal Mimsy Farmer plays Silvia Hacherman, a dedicated chemist who puts her work above all else, including her demanding, sulky boyfriend Roberto (Maurizio Bonuglia). Roberto is getting pretty fed up with Silvia's lack of devotion to him, and so he takes her to the home of renowned a African studies professor (Jho Jenkins) for a dinner party, leaving out the part that there will be voodoo for dessert.
 
After this encounter, Silvia doesn't become Roberto's slave, but she does start to lose her once practical, focused scientific mind. As her grip on sanity loosens, she sees many bizarre past, present and future things… real, or imagined? Is it her mother's uneasy spirit come to haunt her? The very strange, elderly cache of neighbors who reside in Silvia's building? Roberto with unknown motives? The ghost of her troubled girlhood? There is malice in wonderland as our beautiful blonde heroine falls deeper and deeper into the rabbit's hole.
 
I've seen a lot of Farmer's flicks, and her performances overall are pretty uneven — but here, she is right on the lira (not to mention rocking some incredibly cool 70s ensembles; and, for the male audience, shucking them) as a woman slowly losing herself to fantasy, madness and finally extreme paranoia. I'm pretty sure I have never seen any other movies from director Francesco Barilli, but he certainly worked well with Farmer and the entire cast. He also did a fantastic job miming the dreamlike imagery from filmmakers like Roeg, Malle, and Polanski in a non-schlocky way (don't get me wrong, though — this is a cheap spaghetti thriller and continuity errors and such abound). Cinematographer Mario Masini deserves kudos as well, even if his style isn't quite as flamboyant as this story calls for. There are some really breathtaking visuals, augmented by an appropriately creepy score by Nicola Piovani.
 
The conclusion of the film is a out of left field (think: Fulci's The Beyond), but overall, The Perfume of the Lady in Black is an arresting, interesting psychological horror story that's shamefully overlooked (granted, it is pretty hard to find in the States — but if you see a notice for a revival screening or can get your hands on a Region 0 disk, jump on it).

Strange and Deadly Occurrence, The 
Directed by	John Llewellyn Moxey
Written by	Lane Slate, Sandor Stern

Plot synopsis
Screenwriter Sandor Stern, who would later go on to pen 1979’s The Amityville Horror movie, was just warming up with The Strange and Deadly Occurrence, which is set in a spirit-addled abode. Stars Robert Stack, Vera Miles, and L.Q. Jones.

Turn of the Screw, The 
Directed by	Dan Curtis
Written by	William F. Nolan
Based on	the novel by Henry James

Plot synopsis
Lynn Redgrave takes a TV-turn as the Victorian governess who finds out the two children she’s been hired to care for are haunted. The essential version of this story was released in 1962 as The Innocents — but at least 10 other films crediting the Henry James’ novel have been made to date. This turn is notable not only for Redgrave’s chops, but screenwriter William F. Nolan is famous for novels such as Logan’s Run and legendary horror flicks like 1975’s Trilogy of Terror, and director Dan Curtis enjoyed a long and illustrious scary-movie career.


1975


Blacker Than the Night 
Directed by	Carlos Enrique Taboada
Written by	Carlos Enrique Taboada

Plot synopsis
A cat who’s blacker than the night was the last thing on Auntie’s mind before she died… and so she haunts the house inherited by her niece, calling “Here, kitty… kitty…” and killing while she’s at it.

Cursed Medallion, The
Directed by	Massimo Dallamano
Written by	Massimo Dallamano, Franco Marotta, Laura Toscano

Plot synopsis
When a young girl (Nicoletta Elmi) gets an antique necklace as a gift, she also meets its former owner: The spirit of a dead murderess. Also recommended: The movie The Medallion (2003).

Love and Death 
Directed by 	Woody Allen
Written by	Woody Allen
Tagline	The comedy sensation of the year!

Plot synopsis
Woody Allen directs himself in this spoof of all things Russian. After facing a firing squad, he becomes a ghost and dances a mazurka with Mr. Death.

Reincarnation of Peter Proud, The 
Directed by	J. Lee Thompson
Written by	Max Ehrlich
Based on	the novel by Max Ehrlich
Tagline	Suppose you know who you had been in your previous life?

Plot synopsis
Peter Proud (Michael Sarrazin) deals with ghosts from his past in the forms of Jennifer O’Neill and Margot Kidder. Yikes!


1976


Burnt Offerings
Directed by	Dan Curtis
Written by	Dan Curtis, William F. Nolan
Based on	the novel by Robert Marasco
Tagline	The perfect summer rental for the last vacation you’ll ever take.

Plot synopsis
When Ben and Marian Rolf (Oliver Reed, Karen Black) rent a beautiful house cheap, they think their destiny is being kindled for the better. But fueling the fires of their impending doom are the evil entities who haunt the home. Also recommended: The novel Lullaby by Chuck Palahnuik (2002).

Crackle of Death 
Directed by	Alex Grasshoff, Don Weis

Plot synopsis
The 70s TV series Nightstalker becomes a movie with Crackle of Death, which follows an investigative reporter (Darren McGavin) investigates a supernatural arsonist and an Indian spirit who haunts a hospital. Also recommended: The movie Nightwing (1979).

Death at Love House 
Directed by	E.W. Swackhamer
Written by	Jim Barnett

Plot synopsis 
Lorna Love (Marianna Hill) was a Hollywood icon… now she’s a ghost and she’s ready for her close-up. Solid cast includes stars Robert Wagner and Kate Jackson; and costars Sylvia Sidney, Joan Blondell, John Carradine, and Dorothy Lamour. Also recommend: The novel Coldheart Canyon by Clive Barker (2001).

Dona Flor and Her Two Husbands 
Directed by	Bruno Barreto
Written by	Bruno Barreto, Eduardo Coutinho, Leopoldo Serran
Based on	the novel by Jorge Amado

Plot synopsis 
This Brazilian sex comedy stars Sonia Braga as a newly widowed woman who all-too-soon becomes legally-wedded… what will the ghost of her late husband have to say about his replacement? 

J.D.’s Revenge 
Directed by	Arthur Marks
Written by	Jaison Starkes
Tagline	He came back from the dead to possess a man’s soul, make love to his woman, and get the vengeance he craved!

Plot synopsis
J.D. (David McKnight) is a ghostly gangsta who died in New Orleans in the 1940s. He decides he likes the 1970s (it must be all those yellow smiley faces and ’egbok’ buttons) so he possesses the body of a young man (Glynn E. Turman) and is fought by the local priest (Louis Gossett Jr.). Also recommended: The movie Bones (2001).

Meriel, the Ghost Girl 
Directed by	Philip Saville
Written by	David Halliwell

Plot synopsis
This TV movie casts horror staple Donald Pleasance as George Livingston, an investigator of the paranormal who attends a séance and meets a ghost.

Phantom on Horseback, The 
Directed by	Róbert Bán
Written by	Róbert Bán
Based on	the novel Kísértet Lublón by Kálmán Mikszáth

Plot synopsis
Based on a Hungarian children’s story, The Phantom on Horseback follows the trials of a policeman who must banish the specter of a dead wine merchant who won’t stop his haunts, even after his corpse is burned. (Childrens’ psychotherapy must be a booming biz in Hungary!)

Tenant, The 
Directed by	Roman Polanski
Written by	Gérard Brach, Roman Polanski
Based on	the novel by Roland Topor
Tagline	No one does it to you like Roman Polanski.

Plot synopsis
When drab and unassuming Mr. Trelkovsky (Roman Polanski) rents an apartment in which the previous tenant killed herself, he begins to take on the characteristics of said suicide… Is it a ghost, a preordained need for the past to repeat itself, or is Trelkovsky just kooky? Also recommended: The movie The Shining (1980).

Voices
Directed by	Kevin Billington
Written by	Robert Enders, George Kirgo 
Based on	the play by Richard Lortz

Plot synopsis
A young couple takes a country drive and finds themselves in the middle of an awful nightmare (in fact, Nightmare is an alternate title for this flick) when they meet the ghosts of people they least expected to be dead.

Whisper in the Dark, A
Directed by	Marcello Aliprandi
Written by	Nicolò Rienzi, Maria Teresa Rienzi
Tagline	Martino is a young child who claims to have an invisible friend called Luca. His parents assume it is just a game.

Plot synopsis
John Phillip Law and Nathalie Delon star in this stylish Italian thriller as the parents of young, troubled Martino. Desperate to quell her son's fantasies, Martino's mother brings in The Professor (played by veteran character actor Joseph cotton) to analyze her son and convince him that his friend is just a figment… However, it turns out Luca might not be so imaginary after all.


1977


Brothers Lionheart, The
Directed by	Olle Hellbom
Written by	Astrid Lindgren
Based on	the novel by Astrid Lindgren
Tagline	From our world. To the world of the tales and the camp fires.

Plot synopsis
Set in 1910, this Scandinavian fable follows two ghostly young brothers who want to do good with their afterlives. 

Car, The
Directed by	Elliot Silverstein
Written by	Michael Butler, Dennis Shryack, Lane Slate  
Tagline	What evil drives!

Plot synopsis
James Brolin’s acting goes into overdrive in The Car as a cop tracking the terrifying tread of a supernatural sedan.

Cathy’s Curse 
Directed by	Eddy Matalon
Written by	Myra Clément, Eddy Matalon, A. Sens-Cazenave    
Tagline	She has the power… to terrorize!

Plot synopsis
After her aunt dies, Cathy (Randi Allen) starts acting very strange, and other family members wind up dead. (Yeah, I guess you could call suddenly becoming a homicidal maniac acting a little “strange”.)

Ghost of Flight 401
Directed by	Steven Hilliard Stern
Written by	Robert Young
Based on	the book by John G. Fuller

Plot synopsis
After Flight 401 crashes in the Florida Everglades, its parts are salvaged and used on other aircrafts. Those planes outfitted with the wreckage of Flight 401 start to manifest the signs of haunting, giving airline employees and passengers a serious case of the willies. (Personally, I’ll never look at an oven window the same way again… Damn you, Ernest Borgnine!) Also recommended: The movie The Crash of Flight 401 (1978).

Ghosts That Still Walk 
Directed by	James T. Flocker
Written by	James T. Flocker

Plot synopsis 
’How’ can it be? A young child gets possessed by the spirit of an Indian medicine man and starts being a very bad boy.

Haunting of Julia, The 
Directed by	Richard Loncraine
Written by	Harry Bromley Davenport, Dave Humphries
Based on	the novel Julia by Peter Straub
Tagline	She hasn’t had no one to play with for over 30 years...

Plot synopsis 
Also known as Full Circle, this film casts Mia Farrow as the mother of a young girl who accidentally choked to death. Julia’s method for getting over her guilt and grief? Moving into a creepy old mansion and holding a séance. 

House 
Directed by	Nobuhiko Obayashi
Written by	Chiho Katsura, Nobuhiko Obayashi

Plot synopsis 
Comedy meets horror and musical in this odd fare about several young women staying in a house with a noodle-eating maniac, who may or may not be a ghost. (And there’s a special treat for teddy bear fans.)

Meatcleaver Massacre 
Directed by	Evan Lee
Written by	Ray Atherton, Keith Burns
Tagline	From his hospital deathbed he called upon the power of the occult for revenge... And he got it, he really got it!

Plot synopsis
A professor, a massacre, a vigilante ghost… and it all happens in Hollywood.

Nurse Sherri 
Directed by	Al Adamson
Written by	Michael Bockman, Gregg Tittinger
Tagline	Her bedside manner will keep you in stitches!

Plot synopsis 
When a nefarious professor of the occult loses his life on the operating table, his soul jumps into the body of Nurse Sherri (Jill Jacobson). Sherri finds herself with a sudden, murderous rage and directs it at anyone in her path. This movie exists in a few different cuts (one to make it voodoo-friendly, one to make it sexier, etc.) and several different titles. It think that’s called “ghosting the lily” in this case.

Ruby 
Directed by	Curtis Harrington, Stephanie Rothman
Written by	George Edwards, Steve Krantz, Barry Schneider
Tagline	Christened in blood, raised in sin, she’s sweet sixteen, let the party begin!

Plot synopsis 
Ruby (Piper Laurie) is the mother of a deaf-mute girl who was sired by a now-dead mobster; when the bad guy’s ghost decides to use his own flesh and blood to become flesh and blood again, things turn deadly for his enemies.

Sentinel, The
Directed by	Michael Winner
Written by	Jeffrey Konvitz, Michael Winner
Based on	the novel by Jeffrey Konvitz
Tagline	She is young, she is beautiful, she is next...

Plot synopsis
Gorgeous model moves into creepy old brownstone, gorgeous model meets creepy old specter. The cast list of The Sentinel reads like Who’s Who in familiar faces: Chris Sarandon, Cristina Raines, Martin Balsam, John Carradine, José Ferrer, Ava Gardner, Arthur Kennedy, Burgess Meredith, Sylvia Miles, Deborah Raffin, Eli Wallach, Christopher Walken, Jerry Orbach, and Beverly D’Angelo.

Shock 
Directed by 	Mario Bava
Written by	Lamberto Bava
Tagline	Prepare yourself.

Plot synopsis
Mario Bava’s final film focuses on the phantom of a father who haunts his young son. Shock is also known as “Beyond the Door II” — 1975’s Beyond the Door was about demonic possession, not ghosts.

Strange Possession of Mrs. Oliver, The
Directed by	Gordon Hessler
Written by	Richard Matheson

Plot synopsis
Karen Black plays a dowdy housewife who dons a dashing — and dangerous — new personality after moving into the home of a woman who died there five years before.


1978


Bermuda Depths, The 
Directed by	Tom Kotani
Written by	William Overgard

Plot synopsis
It seems the ghost of a downed girl is responsible for all those unexplained deaths in the depths of the Bermuda Triangle. (I always knew there was a logical explanation.)

Child of Glass 
Directed by	John Erman
Written by	Jim Lawrence
Based on	the novel The Ghost Belonged To Me by Richard Peck

Plot synopsis
When young Alexander Armsworth (Steve Shaw) and his family move into an old New Orleans mansion, he meets an undead friend who appeals to him to solve the mystery of her untimely demise by finding the “child of glass”. 

Cruise into Terror
Directed by	Bruce Kessler
Written by	Michael Braverman

Plot synopsis
The Mummy meets The Love Boat in this made-for-TV Aaron Spelling-produced voyage — vacation cruise passengers find an ancient Egyptian sarcophagus and deal with what seems to be an angry ghost between romantic hookups. 

Death Train, The 
Directed by	Igor Auzins
Written by	José Luis Bayonas

Plot synopsis
When a local homosexual is struck by a locomotive, police are baffled: The train track lies miles from where the body was struck… Could this mean the choo-choo is guided by ghostly, gay-hating hands? Also recommended: the movie, HellBent (2005).

Dominique is Dead
Directed by	Michael Anderson
Written by	Edward Abraham, Valerie Abraham, Harold Lawlor
Tagline	A story of the macabre... with a different twist.

Plot synopsis
Cliff Robertson plays a heartless rich guy who drives his wife, Dominique (Jean Simmons), to suicide. Hell hath no fury like a wraith scorned!

Ghost of Thomas Kempe, The 
Directed by	Robert Chenault
Written by	Rod Baker, Glen Olsen
Based on	the novel by Penelope Lively

Plot synopsis
This After-School Special tells the story of a boy who inadvertently unleashes a poltergeist. Also recommended: The movie The Watcher in the Woods (1980).

Heaven Can Wait 
Directed by	Warren Beatty, Buck Henry
Written by	Elaine May, Warren Beatty, Robert Towne   
Based on	the play by Harry Segall

Plot synopsis
Although angelic forces are at work in guiding his spirit, Joe Pendelton (Warren Beatty) is not a celestial being: He’s just a guy who was killed before his time, and must find a new body to occupy asap.

Hound of the Baskervilles, The 
Directed by	Paul Morrissey
Written by	Peter Cook, Dudley Moore, Paul Morrissey
Based on	the novel by Arthur Conan Doyle

Plot synopsis 
Peter Cook and Dudley Moore take on the roles of Holmes and Watson in this comedic take on the classic ghost-tinged mystery.

Night of Horror 
Directed by	Tony Malanowski
Written by	Rebecca Bach, Tony Malanowski, Gae Schmitt
Tagline	When four people are stranded on what was once an ancient battlefield, one of them is haunted by a voice from the past.

Plot synopsis
Civil War era ghosts appeal to a group of wannabe rock stars to help them reunite their captain’s body with his head.

Spiritual Kung Fu 
Directed by	Wei Lo
Written by	Lei Pan
Tagline	Karate Ghostbuster!

Plot synopsis
Jackie Chan learns a phantomly fashion of fighting known as The Five Style Fists from a group of ghosts that roam the halls of the martial arts school he attends.

Till Death 
Directed by	Walter Stocker
Written by	Gregory Diana

Plot synopsis
When a pair of newlyweds gets into a car wreck, she’s newly dead and he’s in a coma. Once recovered and released from the hospital, he goes to visit her in the cemetery, and she tries to make him stay with her… forever. She take her vows very seriously!


1979


Alison’s Birthday 
Directed by	Ian Coughlan
Written by	Ian Coughlan
Tagline	She’ll never forget her party... and neither will you!

Plot synopsis
With the aid of a haunted Ouija board, an 18-year-old birthday girl (Joanne Samuel) is led to a cult of evil druids who want to possess her, body and soul.

Amityville Horror, The 
Directed by	Stuart Rosenberg
Written by	Sandor Stern
Based on	the book by Jay Anson
Tagline	For God’s sake… Get out!

Plot synopsis/Review
The Amityville Horror is one of those movies you see as a kid, it scares the bejesus out of you, and you always remember it with fond fright. See it again as an adult, and you quickly remind yourself, “Hey, I was a kid. What did I know?” Of course, I also saw The Shining at around the same time, knew it was a bloody masterpiece, and still do. The Amityville Horror was good for a cheap scare then, and though dated it’s still fairly fun to revisit.

Part of the movie’s allure at the time was the belief that it was based on true story. I’d read the book and found it absolutely spellbinding — from the undisputed facts of the familial shotgun murders which took place inside the tri-level Dutch-style home at 112 Ocean Avenue in Amityville, New York, to the supernatural and nearly fatal haunting of the Lutz family, who moved into the house a year later. Since then, the Lutz’s story has been debunked, debated and defended… but hoax or not, it still makes a damn fine ghost story.

George and Kathy Lutz (James Brolin and his beard, and Margot Kidder) buy a big, beautiful house that is so cheap they can hardly believe their good fortune. They move the 2.5 kids and dog in, and start to unpack. They soon find that making yourself at home in the devil’s dollhouse isn’t much fun — they get a few hints that the deal was indeed too good to be true in the form of black ooze coming from the toilet; a frenzy of flies; the kids’ new invisible playmates; being woken by nightmares every night at the precise time of the murders (3:15 a.m.); and of course, the house angrily yelling at the top of its bellows: “Get out!” 

Right about now George and Kathy find out about “the cartridge family” and what happened in the house before they moved in. It seems the eldest son heard voices that told him to shoot his mom and dad, and brothers and sisters… something to do with an ancient Indian burial ground, or maybe the house’s former use as an insane asylum… It’s one of the many unclear dead ends in The Amityville Horror screenplay. 

Several subplots are introduced then quickly abandoned, making The Amityville Horror a study in how poor screenwriting and even worse direction can somehow still result in a reasonably entertaining film. Part of that is the atmosphere — the house does look scary as hell, the theme music (originally written for The Exorcist, but rejected) is hair-raising, and the actors are 70s-sublime. Brolin’s beard is practically a character unto itself, and Kidder goes around committing crimes of fashion, donning little-girl clothes and hair-don’ts with pigtails and flowers.

The Amityville Horror cash cow has been practically milked dry. There were three legitimate sequels — Amityville II: The Possession (1982), Amityville 3-D (1983), and Amityville IV: The Possession (1990). There were also some unsanctioned offerings — The Amityville Curse (1989), Amityville: It’s About Time (1992), Amityville: A New Generation (1993), and yes, it’s come to this, Amityville: Dollhouse (1996). There is one remake to date (2005).

If The Amityville Horror is a sentimental favorite, you might enjoy seeing it again. If you’ve never watched it and wonder what all the fuss was about, see The Shining instead.

For fans of The Amityville Horror
I recommend: Don’t Be Afraid of the Dark (1973) and The Car (1977).

Empire of Passion 
Directed by	Nagisa Oshima
Written by	Nagisa Oshima
Based on	the novel by Itoko Namura

Plot synopsis
An unfaithful wife is haunted by visions of her husband — whom she and her lover murdered, then threw down a well.

Evictors, The
Directed by	Charles B. Pierce
Written by	Paul Fisk, Charles B. Pierce, Garry Rusoff
Tagline	They’re not welcome.

Plot synopsis
Much in the same vein as The Amityville Horror, The Evictors follows the terrifying plight of a young couple who move into the house of their dreams, not knowing that it was once the nightmarish site of a brutal murder.

Haunted, The 
Directed by	Michael A. DeGaetano
Written by	Michael A. DeGaetano
Tagline	An ancient evil is unleashed…  and it wants revenge!

Plot synopsis
A murdered witch (Virginia Mayo) waits 100 years to come back from the dead and wreak revenge.

Legend of the Mountain 
Directed by	King Hu
Written by	King Hu

Plot synopsis
Ho (Shih Chun) is a scholar in Sung Dynasty China who runs afoul of two ghostly temptresses.

Once Upon a Midnight Scary 
Directed by	Nell Cox
Written by	John Bellairs, Richard Peck
Based on	the novel by Washington Irving

Plot synopsis
Vincent Price narrates a trio of family-friendly fright flicks: The Ghost Belonged To Me, The Legend of Sleepy Hollow, and The House With a Clock in its Walls.

Salem’s Lot 
Directed by	Tobe Hooper
Written by	Paul Monash	
Based on	the novel by Stephen King
Tagline	The ultimate in terror!

Plot synopsis
David Soul moves into a haunted house, but that’s the least of his problems: The town that harbors the house is infested with bloodsucking vampires. (I’ll bet that wasn’t in the disclosure documents from the real estate company.)

Screams of a Winter Night 
Directed by	James L. Wilson
Written by	Richard H. Wadsack

Plot synopsis
A group of college students gathers to tell tall tales of terror — and screams of a winter night come to life.

Sleep of Death 
Directed by	Calvin Floyd
Written by	Calvin Floyd, Yvonne Floyd
Based on	the story The Room in the anthology Dragon Volant by Sheridan Le Fanu   
Tagline	You won’t believe your eyes.

Plot synopsis
An Englishman traveling abroad finds a broad who’s a ghost, posing as a lady of high society.


 

The 1980s


1980


Awakening, The 
Directed by	Mike Newell
Written by	Chris Bryant, Clive Exton, Allan Scott
Based on	the book The Jewel of the Seven Stars by Bram Stoker
Tagline	They thought they had buried her forever!

Plot synopsis
Queen Kara of ancient Egypt is awakened by an intrepid archeologist (Charlton Heston). Apparently, she’s not a morning person — she possesses the body of the tomb-raider’s daughter (Stephanie Zimbalist) and uses it to kill anyone within range. Somebody get that ghost a venti latte!

Beyond Evil 
Directed by	Herb Freed
Written by	David Baughn, Herb Freed, Paul Ross
Tagline	A terrifying story of love and possession.

Plot synopsis
Ghosts really seem to relish their one-century death anniversary. The restless spirit of a Caribbean voodoo queen is no exception: 100 years after her murder, she takes possession of an innocent woman’s body and uses it to achieve her ghastly goals. John Saxon and Lynda Day George star.

Boogeyman, The 
Directed by	Ulli Lommel
Written by	David Herschel, Ulli Lommel, Suzanna Love
Tagline	The most terrifying nightmare of childhood is about to return!

Plot synopsis
A looking glass breaks, but instead of seven years’ bad luck, the result is a demonic ghost who can now walk free. Also recommended: the novel Mirror by Graham Masterton (1988).

Changeling, The 
Directed by	Peter Medak
Written by	William Gray, Diana Maddox   
Based on	a story by Russell Hunter

Plot synopsis
Composer John Russell (George C. Scott) learns the Funeral March all too well after his wife and son die in a tragic car accident. Shortly after the tragedy, he moves into a historical house haunted by a wily spirit and becomes obsessed with solving the mansion’s mystery.

Death Ship 
Directed by	Alvin Rakoff
Written by	Jack Hill, David D. Lewis, John Robins
Tagline	Those who survive the ghost ship are better off dead.

Plot synopsis 
Richard Crenna and George Kennedy find themselves trapped on a sinister-sailing torture chamber populated by Nazi ghosts.

Fog, The 
Directed by	John Carpenter
Written by	John Carpenter, Debra Hill
Tagline	When the fog rolls in... the terror begins!

Plot synopsis / Review
Auteur John Carpenter’s horror follow up to his 1978 hit, Halloween, was The Fog. Starring his wife at the time, Adrienne Barbeau, and Jamie Lee Curtis, Janet Leigh and Hal Holbrook, The Fog takes place in the fictional town of Antonio Bay, a quaint, small seaside community which is celebrating its 100th anniversary. What they don’t know is, when the town was born several people died. That night a mysterious fog rolls through the town, giving the centurion seaman spirits their opening to settle some scores. The fog creeps and slithers around as if it were alive; it’s very well-done, and yes, creepy. 

The Fog still holds up very well, but some Carpenter fans might be a bit disappointed by the restraint he shows here — both in fleshing out the screenplay, and defleshing the victims. Rolling in like a slow-moving mist and sometimes just laying there settled, The Fog may not be an action-thriller, but it’s a decent psychological creep-fest.

For fans of The Fog
I recommend: Play Misty for Me (1971), and The Phantom Light (1935).

Ghost of the Ninja 
Directed by	Tung Cho ’Joe’ Cheung

Plot synopsis
A ghost-ninja must save his city from a pervading evil power.

Haunting of M, The 
Directed by	Anna Thomas
Written by	Anna Thomas

Plot synopsis
Marianna (Sheelagh Gilbey) is elderly, but the house she lives in is far older… and the ghost who haunts her is even older than that. Dark shadows, the moody music of Chopin and Janacek, and a puzzling mystery all make for low-level, under-the-skin scares.

Hearse, The  
Directed by	George Bowers
Written by	Bill Bleich
Tagline	There is a door between life and death that opens for only a moment.

Plot synopsis
Jane Hardy (Trish Van Devere) has always looked just like her aunt. But now auntie is dead… will the family resemblance continue? Also recommended: the movie Phantasm (1979).

Legend of Sleepy Hollow, The 
Directed by	James L. Conway, Henning Schellerup
Written by	Thomas C. Chapman, Jack Jacobs, Malvin Wald
Based on	the novel by Washington Irving

Plot synopsis
Jeff Goldblum plays Ichabod Crane in this spirited TV adaptation of the family phantom classic.

Oh, Heavenly Dog!
Directed by	Joe Camp
Written by	Rod Browning
Tagline	An adult tail of murder, mystery, and forbidden love.

Plot synopsis 
When a P.I. (Chevy Chase) is sent to investigate a case by a mysterious client, he winds up dead. The end. OK, I’m kidding… he winds up becoming a dog named Benji (played by Benji himself) who has a nose for solving mysteries — the greatest mystery being the identity of his killer. Co-stars Jane Seymour, Omar Sharif, and Robert Morely.

Resurrection 
Directed by	Daniel Petrie
Written by	Lewis John Carlino
Tagline	There is a line between life and death. Edna McCauley crossed over that line and came back. Now no one she touches will ever be the same.

Plot synopsis
Edna Mae McCauley (Ellen Burstyn) knows ghosts — because she was one, for a short time. After returning to her body, wonderful and strange things start to happen. Also recommended: the movie Powder (1995).

Shining, The 
Directed by	Stanley Kubrick
Written by	Diane Johnson, Stanley Kubrick
Based on	the book by Stephen King
Tagline	All work and no play makes Jack a dull boy.

Plot synopsis / Review
Since the majority of the films I see are just coming out, I have few or no preconceived notions and am able to write an unfettered review. In the case of The Shining, I must confess a behemoth bias: It’s one of my favorite films of all time, and has been for decades. I’ve seen it here and there over the years, and finally bought it on DVD in 2004. I watched it again from start to finish and was mesmerized — and terrified — the whole time. 

Stanley Kubrick, deftly directing his own screenplay based on a story by Stephen King, follows frustrated writer Jack Torrance (Jack Nicholson) from relative normalcy to a complete mental breakdown. Now, I have to admit: Jack seems a little, er, “cuckoo” right from the start… but that could be my own Nicholson baggage. In the beginning of the film, we see him accepting a job to act as the winter caretaker at the isolated Overlook Hotel. It’s nestled high in the Rocky Mountains, where it gets blocked off from civilization by snow and ice for five months of every year — it’s Jack’s job to hole up there and make sure everything’s hunky-dory come tourist season. 

Jack, his dishrag wife Wendy (Shelley Duvall), and their bright but introverted psychic son Danny (Danny Lloyd, joining the ranks as one of the most memorable cinematic creepy kids), all move into the massive labyrinth and get set for their long, lonely stay. Everything looks perfect, but wouldn’t you know it? The Overlook is haunted.

Chilling and cerebral, The Shining has more layers than a gourmet onion. The first one is, of course, the haunted horror aspect. Then there are the multi-faceted, idiosyncratic characters, buoyed by boffo acting. Then there’s the sheer artistry in filmmaking: It’s a masterpiece of direction, cinematography, location, set design, and music. 

Like so many of our best films, The Shining is based upon a bestselling book. Stephen King wrote it in 1977, and I read it in 1980 after seeing the movie… opposite of the usual result, I strongly preferred the movie to the novel. Let it be known that I am a Stephen King fan — in fact, my ratio of preference when it comes to King’s books and Kubrick’s movies, favors the former. But in this case, Kubrick’s streamlined story cuts out all of the book’s boggy childhood/alcoholic/angst fat and goes right for psychological sizzle-lean scares. 

The ghosts are truly terrifying in The Shining, but it’s Jack (and Jack) who really gets the viewer all jacked up. As he disintegrates and dissolves into something less than human, you believe him when he says to Wendy, “Darling, light of my life. I’m not gonna hurt ya. You didn’t let me finish my sentence. I said, I’m not gonna hurt ya. I’m just gonna bash your brains in!” 

There are dozens of eerie examples I could cite and several now-classic cinematic snapshots to praise, but to do so would only take up more paper. To paraphrase one of the memorable quotes: Some movies shine, and some don’t — this one shines. Sinister and stylistic, The Shining is a must-see (or must-see again) ghost movie.

For fans of The Shining
I recommend: Carrie (1976) and The Witches of Eastwick (1987).

Sir Henry at Rawlinson End 
Directed by	Steve Roberts
Written by	Steve Roberts, Vivian Stanshall
Based on	the radio play by Vivien Stanshall

Plot synopsis
An alcoholic Englishman with a title tries to exorcise an eccentric ghost with an attitude. 

Spooky Bunch, The 
Directed by	Ann Hui
Written by	Joyce Chan

Plot synopsis 
A Chinese opera troupe contends with a group of theatrical ghosts who have naughty names and even naughtier natures.

Watcher in the Woods, The 
Directed by	John Hough
Written by	Brian Clemens, Gerry Day, Rosemary Anne Sisson, Harry Spalding
Based on	the book by Florence Engel Randall
Tagline	It was just an innocent game... until a young girl vanished for thirty years.

Plot synopsis / Review
Based on the popular young adult’s novel A Watcher in the Woods by Florence Engel Randall, the film hits the ground running, bombarding us with “boos”. American blonde, pretty teen Jan Curtis (Lynn-Holly Johnson, of Ice Castles fame) moves with her family to a creepy woods-surrounded mansion in England, owned by the mysterious Mrs. Aylwood (Bette Davis). Once the realtor reveals to the Curtis family that Mrs. Alywood’s daughter, Karen, disappeared into the woods 30 years earlier, strange things are cued to start happening. Jan starts getting haunted by spooky voices and freaky visions (or lack of visions… in one chilling scene, she doesn’t reflect in an antique mirror), and her little sister Ellie (Kyle Richards), seems oddly possessed by an entity who likes to write backwards.

Director John Hough (whose Legend of Hell House is one of my favorite old-school supernatural flicks) does a great job on keeping the thrills and chills coming as the family moves about the gothic mansion and explores the fog-shrouded woods. The mystery is well-paced, but one can’t get too terribly wrapped up in the plot thanks to the overwrought acting which borders on camp (Davis, especially, ramps it up as the withered widow who skulks about like an overly made-up wraith with a 10-pack a day habit). The well-directed suspense scenes are buoyed by superb locations and lavishly gloomy sets (a rundown cathedral and mausoleum are especially atmospheric).

Folks who saw The Watcher in the Woods when they were kids (that’s me, raising my hand) will probably be nostalgic and forgiving of the film’s flagrant flaws. Young children seeing it for the first time will likely be entranced by the ghostly ambiance and the kiddie mystery. Adults seeing it for the first time will either have a laugh, or be mildly entertained by this “horror-lite”. 

For fans of The Watcher in the Woods
I recommend: A Cry in the Night (1993) and Child of Glass (1978).


1981


Ace
Directed by	Franco Castellano, Giuseppe Moccia
Written by	Franco Castellano, Giuseppe Moccia

Plot synopsis
Ace, the town’s best poker player, wins one hand too many and gets killed for his trouble. He returns as an ace apparition, anxious to play matchmaker and find a good husband for his grieving widow.

American Werewolf in London, An 
Directed by	John Landis
Written by	John Landis
Tagline	From the director of Animal House — a different kind of animal.

Plot synopsis / Review
While backpacking across the English moors, college yanks David (David Naughton) and Jack (Griffin Dunne) happen upon a lone, uninviting pub with a paranoid patronage who sternly warn them not to leave the main road when walking after dark. As characters in horror films are wont to do, the two ignore the advice and decide to find a short cut… but the cuts turn out deep and deadly when they are attacked by a viscous wolf. 

David wakes up in a London hospital with claw marks and bite wounds. His friend Jack, who has become a walking, decomposing apparition, delivers the grim news that, unless he commits suicide, David will become a werewolf when the moon is full and will kill others. While some people might contend that Jack is a walking corpse or a zombie, I’ve always felt that he was a ghost or a hallucination, because only David can see and hear him. Whatever he is, he’s spirited and creepy fun.

Gory, no-holds-barred-horror, marvelous makeup effects (by Oscar-winner Rick Baker), delightful direction (by John Landis), and absurd tongue-in-cheek gallows humor (John Landis, again) made this film the first of its kind. 

For fans of An American Werewolf in London
I recommend: Wolf (1994) and Shaun of the Dead (2004).

Black Cat, The 
Directed by	Lucio Fulci
Written by	Lucio Fulci, Biagio Proietti
Based on	the book by Edgar Allan Poe
Tagline	Flesh Ripping Felines!

Plot synopsis
Italian giallo grrr-animal style! Patrick Magee plays Professor Robert Miles, a medium who routinely communicates with the dearly departed. That’s nothing compared to his other talent: He also has the ability to control the mind of his cat; I’d be grateful if I could get my kitty to just acknowledge me once in while!

Ghost Dance 
Directed by	Peter Buffa
Written by	Bill Reed
Tagline	When you dance with the dead you pay the price.

Plot synopsis 
A Native American Medicine Man crosses the border between life and death while doing a nice two-step.

Ghost Story 
Directed by	John Irvin
Written by	Lawrence D. Cohen
Based on	the book by Peter Straub
Tagline	The time has come to tell the tale.

Plot synopsis
The four elderly gentleman members of the Chowder Society (Fred Astaire, Melvyn Douglas, Douglas Fairbanks Jr., and John Houseman) gather weekly by a crackling fire to consume spirits and tell ghost stories… But sometimes truth is stranger than fiction, and something from their shared dark past comes back to haunt them.

Haunting of Harrington House, The 
Directed by	Murray Golden
Tagline	Click goes the shutter — see what develops!

Plot synopsis
Polly (Dominique Dunne) has a faulty camera that always puts strange, ghostly images on the prints… wait — those are real ghosts! But they’re not very photogenic, so Polly tries to get an up-close and personal look-see, only to find out the so-called spirits are at the root of a sinister mystery.

Imp, The 
Directed by	Dennis Yu
Written by	Kam-moon Cheung, Ping-hing Kam, Dun Lee

Plot synopsis
Just when you think reading the newspaper won’t kill you, think again. After two of his fellow security guards die during bizarre mishaps, Ah Kan (Chan Chen) finds that he’s become a ghost-magnet and must find a way to return his life to normal.

Miss Morison’s Ghosts 
Directed by	John Bruce
Written by	Ian Curtis

Plot synopsis
While strolling through the gardens at Versailles Palace in France, circa 1901, two British tourists believe they’ve spotted the ghost of Marie Antoinette. Suddenly, they have a powerful craving for cake. Nope, no jokes about how to get ahead in society — this is a serious drama with a genuinely interesting and eerie premise.

Saturday the 14th 
Directed by	Howard R. Cohen
Written by	Jeff Begun, Howard R. Cohen
Tagline	Just when you thought it was safe to look at the calendar again.

Plot synopsis
Richard Benjamin and Paula Prentiss are a kooky couple in this haunted house genre spoof. Also recommended: the movie Transylvania 6-5000 (1985).

Seven Doors of Death 
Directed by	Lucio Fulci
Written by	Dardano Sacchetti, Giorgio Mariuzzo, Lucio Fulci
Tagline	Behind this doorway lie the terrifying and unspeakable secrets of hell.

Plot synopsis
Known as the Godfather of Gore, Italian filmmaker Fulci doesn’t have the stylish polish of a Dario Argento or the suspenseful creepiness of a Mario Bava, but he holds his own and is certainly deserving of a place in, at least, the cult-classic chronicles.
 
In The Beyond, the eyes have it: glassy eyeballs stare blindly, eyes are melted, eyes are extracted, and even a seeing-eye dog goes bad. The story opens in 1927 (which is, incidentally, the year of the director’s birth) Louisiana, where a painter of fine arts is murdered in the room of a boarding house for being an "ungodly warlock" — we get the full period effect thanks to black and white, faux-1920s style filming, then the story flash-forwards into colorful present day when a young woman, Liza (Catriona MacColl), has just inherited the old boarding house and is turning it into a working hotel. The restoration process, however, proves deadly when one of the seven gateways to Hell is opened in the brackish basement. And the undead plumber isn’t even licensed or bonded.
 
Some reviews of The Beyond cite that the film’s plot, such as it is, is confusing. Actually, if you pay attention, it isn’t. That’s not to say that some scenes seem to have been edited with a hatchet, and it’s not to say that the characters do puzzling things, but the story itself is not difficult to follow: A bad thing happens in the house in the 20s; A woman moves in in the 80s and disturbs the sealed-off gateway to Hell; Zombies and ghosts come into our world; A grand-gugnal time is had by all.
 
The over-the-top, zombie-soap opera musical cues are hilarious. The pained expressions on the actors’ faces, even when nothing actually painful is happening to their characters, are terrific. When a woman sees a jar of acid fall from a shelf, she travels across the room and (I presume "accidentally") places her face directly under the flow. And when Dickie the Dog finally decides he can’t bear hearing his mistress play the piano one more time, I guarantee you’ll get all choked-up.
 
The special makeup effects are often quite fake-looking but Fulci does a good job of milking them for all they’re worth, going for the gory, lingering close-up (the tarantula death sequence and the throat-tearing scene are good examples of his talent for being able to successfully place shock over substance).
 
Look for a cameo by the director (he’s the librarian who goes out to lunch right before the architect is attacked by a team of tarantulas).

This House Possessed 
Directed by	William Wiard
Written by	David Levinson

Plot synopsis
If you can believe Parker Stevenson as a rock star, then you’ll take it hook, line and sinker that this house is possessed. At least, that’s what the ailing singer’s amnesiac live-in nurse believes after she moves in and has a revelation of déjà vu (and no, she’s not playing the CSN&Y album).


1982


Amityville 2: The Possession 
Directed by	Damiano Damiani
Written by	Tommy Lee Wallace
Based on	the book by Hans Holzer
Tagline	Don’t forget to check under the bed...

Plot synopsis / Review
In this prequel to the first Amityville movie, Mr. and Mrs. Montelli (read: De Feo, but the real family names couldn’t be used) move into their new seaside home, but life is still not good. Although Mr. Montelli is an abusive alcoholic who yells at the little kids and beats his wife, things get worse when his eldest son, Sonny Montelli, is alone in the house with the ghosts and gets possessed by demons. Although it looks and feels like a TV movie, this is still a decent one to curl up with on a dark and lonely night.

Dead and the Deadly 
Directed by	Wu Ma
Written by	Sammo Hung Kam-Bo, Barry Wong

Plot synopsis
Fatboy (Sammo Hung) is an amateur at autopsies, but that doesn’t stop him from trying to perform one with a meat-cleaver. The cutup cadaver comes back as ghost to haunt Fatboy and possess his body. (Did I mention that is a comedy?)

Don’t Go to Sleep 
Directed by	Richard Lang
Written by	Ned Wynn
Tagline	Mary, Mary quite contrary, when will the nightmares end?

Plot synopsis 
Valerie Harper and Dennis Weaver play parents to Mary (Robin Ignico), a disturbed little girl who doesn’t just have issues — she’s got a lifetime subscription. Of course, her shattered nerves may have something to do with the spirit of her dead sister residing under her bed and goading her to kill.

Don’t Look in the Attic 
Directed by	Carlo Ausino
Written by	Carlo Ausino

Plot synopsis
Obviously these folks have seen The Antiques Road Show, because they do look in the attic. After inheriting a wonderful home from their mother, a pair of squabbling siblings finds not hidden treasure, but ghosts in plain sight.

Eyes of the Amaryllis, The 
Directed by	Frederick King Keller
Written by	Frederick O’Hara, Stratton Rawson
Based on	the novel by Natalie Babbitt

Plot synopsis
When a little girl is sent to Nantucket Island to reside her with ailing grandmother, she doesn’t know she’ll also be living with her grandfather… who is no longer living.

Fall of the House of Usher, The 
Directed by	James L. Conway
Written by	Stephen Lord
Based on	the book by Edgar Allan Poe

Plot synopsis
Jonathan and Jennifer Cresswell (Robert Hays, Charlene Tilton) decide to stop in at Usher Mansion to pay their friends Roderick (Martin Landau) and Madeleine (Dimitra Arliss) a visit. Too bad they never read the book or saw the seven or so film versions, otherwise the Cresswells would have known the house is well and truly haunted!

Frightmare 
Directed by	Norman Thaddeus Vane
Written by	Norman Thaddeus Vane
Tagline	He was terrifying in life, but even more in death.

Plot synopsis
Also known as Horror Star, this zany schlock fest follows the antics of a group of film fans who purloin the corpse of their favorite horror movie star, Conrad Radzoff (Ferdy Mayne, of Fearless Vampire Killers fame). Conrad’s unholy ghost is less than pleased by his body’s pilfering, so he proceeds to make certain that each of the thieves meets their demise in the most gruesome way possible.

House Where Evil Dwells, The 
Directed by	Kevin Connor
Written by	Robert Suhosky
Based on	the book by James Hardiman
Tagline	An ancient curse has turned their lives into a nightmare of lust and revenge.

Plot synopsis
Sounding slightly like a waaaay-in-advance preview to 2004’s The Grudge, The House Where Evil Dwells follows the horrible haunting of a young American couple renting a home in Kyoto, Japan.

Kiss Me Goodbye 
Directed by	Robert Mulligan
Written by	Bruno Baretto
Based on	the book by Jorge Amado

Plot synopsis
In this American remake of Dona Flor and Her Two Husbands, Sally Field takes on the role of the befuddled bride who must choose between her dead first husband (James Caan) and her second one (Jeff Bridges), who’s alive. (Can’t Sally just get back together with Burt Reynolds?)

Nesting, The
Directed by	Armand Weston
Written by	Daria Price, Armand Weston
Tagline	What’s outside brings terror. What’s inside means death.

Plot synopsis 
A pugnacious pack of phantom prostitutes likes to feather their nest with human remains — they find just what they’re looking for in an agoraphobic author who unwittingly moves into their bothered brothel. Also recommended: the novel Haunted by Tamara Thorne.

Next of Kin 
Directed by	Tony Williams
Written by	Michael Heath, Tony Williams
Tagline	There’s no place like home.

Plot synopsis
Nobody is resting in this rest home — and they’re certainly not in peace!

O’Hara’s Wife 
Directed by	William S. Bartman
Written by	William Bartman, Joseph Scott Kierland, James Nasella

Plot synopsis
A man may work from sun to sun, but a woman’s work is never done — not even when she dies. Mariette Hartley plays the wife of Edward Asner, who has to come back from the grave to help her hapless hubby manage his life.

One Dark Night 
Directed by	Tom McLoughlin
Written by	Michael Hawes, Tom McLoughlin
Tagline	A night to remember — until the day until you die!

Plot synopsis
When a young woman (Meg Tilly) is forced to spend the night in a mausoleum as a rite of passage, she discovers the resident ghost wants her to stay… forever. This movie is also known as Mausoleum. Also recommended: the movie Phantasm (1979).

Revenge in the House of Usher 
Directed by	Jesus Franco
Written by	Jesus Franco
Based on	the book by Edgar Allen Poe

Plot synopsis
When, oh when will young couples learn to stay out of the House of Usher? (I guess whenever they also stop naming their daughters Jane Doe — nothing good ever comes of that!)

Seeding of a Ghost 
Directed by	Yang Chuan

Plot synopsis
When a cabbie runs over a sorcerer, the magic man’s ghost decides to go on the meter for all eternity.

Superstition 
Directed by	James W. Roberson
Written by	Donald G. Thompson
Tagline	The victims who died were the lucky ones.

Plot synopsis
In 1692 a witch was drowned in the lake blue. When someone decides to build water-front property some four hundred years later, her ghost comes back to rip, shred and tear anyone who dares set foot near her grave. (Somehow in the afterlife, she learned how to use the microwave to make a mean head cheese.)

Turn of the Screw, The 
Directed by	Petr Weigl
Written by	Myfanwy Piper
Based on	the book by Henry James

Plot synopsis
The classic ghost story filmed as an opera, complete with a fat lady. I think Henry James is, er, ’turning’ in his grave…


1983


Amityville 3-D 
Directed by	Richard Fleischer
Written by	David Ambrose, William Wales
Tagline	Enter the gateway to hell... at your peril!

Plot synopsis
Tony Roberts plays a ghost-buster of sorts, who debunks the Amityville house’s hauntings, then buys the place as a cheap investment. No sooner does he move in than people around him begin to die in mysterious ways and his estranged wife who was once afraid of the house, is now obsessed with it. This one is the worst of the lot, but still mildly entertaining — and it’s fun to see Meg Ryan here in an early role.

Christine
Directed by	John Carpenter
Written by	Bill Phillips
Based on	the book by Stephen King
Tagline	Hell hath no Fury ...like Christine.

Plot synopsis / Review
Americans have always enjoyed a so-called “love affair” with the automobile. Several years back Stephen King revved that concept a step further with his best-selling novel, Christine — Christine was a cherry red, obsessively jealous 1958 Plymouth Fury who would stop at nothing to keep her driver, 17-year-old Arnie Cunningham, all to herself. Before the book was even published, horror-master John Carpenter got behind the wheel and agreed to present a big screen version of this eerie, often humorous, tale of road rage. The movie came out in 1983 to lukewarm reviews and box office.

Keith Gordon (then probably best-known for his role in Dressed to Kill) took on the persona of high school loser Keith and he did a great, over-the-top job of morphing from chump to champ. Before Christine rolled into his life, Keith was a nerd (pocket protector, brown bag lunch, black-rimmed glasses… you get the picture) whose only friend was an unlikely one: Dennis, the handsome, popular jock (John Stockwell). Life takes a hairpin turn when Dennis helps Arnie find his first car. Christine is just an old beater when the nebbish teen buys her for a mere $250.00 but almost overnight, she makes an incredible transformation.

So does Arnie. As Christine’s insidious evil seeps into her driver, Arnie turns to into a total jerk, blowing off his friends and family, dressing like a stud, driving like a speedster,  and dating the hottest girl in school (Alexandra Paul). But like any deal with the devil, all the perks start to twist and turn into hellish liabilities.  When everyone figures out that Christine is haunted, she turns on those headlights and puts the pedal to metal, squashing everyone in her path. Hell hath no fury like a Plymouth Fury!

The car, Christine, is a terrific character. I guess you could even say she’s hell on wheels: She only plays 50s music on her radio, has locks that jam when people are inside, and her engine roars like the devil whenever Arnie pays too much attention to his flesh and blood girlfriend. In the original Stephen King novel the creepy car had four doors, but there never was a 4-door 1958 Plymouth Fury — in fact, some of the cars used in the movie were an amalgam of ’57 and ’58 Furys melded with Dodge Belvederes. The 1958 Plymouth Fury was already quite rare in 1983 and several of the cars were smashed for the sake of the movie (no CGI then!).

Christine is not a scary horror movie, but it’s sort of a guilty pleasure all the same — it’s a silly sidetrip that’s fun to take. 
 
For fans of Christine
I recommend: Duel (1971) and The Car (1977).

City of Blood 
Directed by	Darrell Roodt
Written by	Mary-Ann Lindenstadt, Darrell Roodt

Plot synopsis
A medical examiner investigating a series of bizarre prostitute murders discovers that the club-wielding culprit is an ancient tribal witch doctor come back as a vengeful ghost.

Cries of Terror 
Directed by	Jacinto Molina
Written by	Antonio Fos, Jacinto Molina

Plot synopsis
The ghost of a Medieval knight returns every 100 years to murder the women in his descendant’s lives.

Curtains 
Directed by	Richard Ciupka
Written by	Robert Guza Jr.
Tagline	Six beautiful girls, trying to get ahead... when the curtains fall, five will be dead.

Plot synopsis
Samantha Eggar plays an actress who, while doing research for a role in an insane asylum, is committed for real. Not only does she suspect the place is haunted, but she learns the hard way that the competition for her role is killer. Also recommended: Audition (1999).

Demons of Ludlow, The 
Directed by	Bill Rebane
Written by	William Arthur
Tagline	Can you escape the curse of Ludlow?

Plot synopsis
A haunted piano hits all the wrong notes when it kills the hapless residents of Ludlow, a picturesque coastal town.

Entity, The 
Directed by	Sidney J. Furie
Written by	Frank De Felitta
Based on	the book by Frank De Felitta
Tagline	Something evil is after Carla Moran, and it will stop at nothing to get her.

Plot synopsis 
He may be dead, but that hasn’t reduced his sex drive any — and this is before Viagra. Based on a true story (ick), The Entity tells the story of Carla’s (Barbara Hershey) repeated rapes by an evil, unseen entity. (Personally, methinks it was a good way to explain those unexplainable hickies to her husband… then somebody got wind of it and wrote a book about it, made a movie, and things got a little out of hand!)

Esprit D’amour 
Directed by	Ringo Lam
Written by	Raymond Fung, Clifton Ko, Kin Lo
Based on	a story by Raymond Wong

Plot synopsis
A skateboarding accident leaves the spirit of a young woman behind; she communicates with the man investigating her death, and he falls in love with her.

Eyes of Fire 
Directed by	Avery Crounse
Written by	Avery Crounse

Plot synopsis 
Spirits of the Old West entrap the living in a dark forest, blending Native American mysticism with horror. Also recommended: the movie Nightwing (1979).

Fanny and Alexander 
Directed by	Ingmar Bergman
Written by	Ingmar Bergman

Plot synopsis
A fantastical family drama on an epic scale, Fanny and Alexander is a glorious art film with a ghostly thread woven throughout. The film covers roughly one year in the lives of the Ekdahl family in turn of the century Sweden, mostly viewed through the wide eyes of young Alexander (Bertil Guve). What we see is not necessarily reality, but the thoughts and feelings of an imaginative boy as he mourns the death of his father.

Feet Foremost 
Directed by	Gordon Flemyng
Written by	Alan Plater
Based on	a story by L.P. Hartley

Plot synopsis
An old house that stands abandoned since the early 19th century, because it is haunted by a spirit of a murdered 16 year-old-girl by the lord of the manor. If you walk into the manor, the only way you’ll leave is feet-first.

Haunted Mansion Mystery, The 
Directed by	Larry Elikann
Written by	Rod Baker
Based on	the novel by Virginia Masterman-Smith
Tagline	After School Mystery Theater.

Plot synopsis
A TV movie made by Scholastic, The Haunted Mansion Mystery is a family-friendly ghost suspenser about a young girl who unwittingly moves into a haunted house. Look for an early turn from Christian Slater.

Haunting Passion, The 
Directed by	John Korty
Written by	Michael Berk, Douglas Schwartz

Plot synopsis
A sultry, mysterious chick flick (hello, Lifetime Channel!) starring Jane Seymour as a beauty haunted by erotic dreams that come scarily true.

Hound of the Baskervilles, The 
Directed by	Douglas Hickox
Written by	Charles Edward Pogue
Based on	the novel by Arthur Conan Doyle
Tagline	Holmes and Watson’s most chilling case.

Plot synopsis
It’s the same story, but it never gets old — Ian Richardson dons the deerstalker and solves the mystery of howling hounds on the misty moors.

House of the Dark Stairway 
Directed by	Lamberto Bava
Written by	Elisa Briganti, Dardano Sacchetti
Tagline	When the lights go out, the knife goes in.

Plot synopsis 
A film composer working on a horror score seems to invite real terror to creep into his life when local women wind up murdered, and he’s blamed. Is there a flesh and blood killer at work, or is a ghost trying to frame the musician?

Hysterical 
Directed by	Chris Bearde
Written by	Chris Bearde, Bill Hudson, Brett Hudson, Mark Hudson, Trace Johnston
Tagline	Welcome to the town of Hellview!

Plot synopsis
The Hudson Brothers star in this silly comedy about a ghost named Captain Howdy (Richard Kiel) who will stop at nothing to be reunited with his lost love. Before there was a Scary Movie franchise, there was Hysterical — Hysterical parodies films such as The Amityville Horror, and yes, there is singing, dancing and Bud Cort. Also recommended: the movie Transylvania 6-5000 (1985).

Lost Tribe, The 
Directed by	John Laing
Written by	John Laing

Plot synopsis
An anthropologist disappears in New Zealand while searching for a lost tribe; those who follow find… phantoms!

Lovesick
Directed by	Marshall Brickman
Written by	Marshall Brickman
Tagline	A comedy for the incurably romantic.

Plot synopsis
A psychiatrist (Dudley Moore) falls in love with a patient (Elizabeth McGovern); fearing he’s crazy, he consults with the spirit of Sigmund Freud (Alec Guinness) who doles out bad advice like a Pez-dispenser working overtime. Hilarity ensues.

Phantom of the Opera, The 
Directed by	Robert Markowitz
Written by	Sherman Yellen
Based on	the novel by Gaston Leroux

Plot synopsis / Review
A rip-roaring cast (Maximilian Schell, Jane Seymour, and Michael York) chew the scenery, making this campy TV production of the old chestnut a cut above. Moved from Paris to Budapest and with Seymour in a dual role (I think she’s played twins more often than Bette Davis!), lavish liberties are taken with Leroux’s ghostly murder mystery but it’s all in fun.

Returning, The 
Directed by	Joel Bender
Written by	Patrick Nash

Plot synopsis
Revenge and reincarnation rule in this slasher about restless Native American ghosts.

Scalps 
Directed by	Fred Olen Ray
Written by	T.L. Lankford, Fred Olen Ray, John Ray
Tagline	They came out of the grave to get revenge.

Plot synopsis
Angry dead Native Americans, again. This time they’re after some nosy college students who were digging around their ancient burial grounds.

Screamtime 
Directed by	Stanley A. Long
Written by	Michael Armstrong
Tagline	An unholy trinity of terror, three times the horror, three times the murders.

Plot synopsis
This trio of short British films make up an anthology; one story of which features a ghostly plot.

Sole Survivor 
Directed by	Thom Eberhardt
Written by	Thom Eberhardt
Tagline	This woman has cheated death, now death wants to even the score.

Plot synopsis
After a seemingly woman becomes the lone survivor of a horrific plane crash, her fellow passengers won’t let her live in peace. Also recommended: the movie Final Destination (2000).

Somewhere Tomorrow 
Directed by	Robert Wiemer
Written by	Robert Wiemer

Plot synopsis
Lori Anderson (Sarah Jessica Parker) is grieving after having lost her father in a plane crash… but he’s not really gone.

Zu: Warriors from the Magic Mountain 
Directed by	Hark Tsui
Written by	Shui Chung Yuet, Jerrold Mundis

Plot synopsis
Commonly cited as the inspiration for John Carpenter’s Big Trouble in Little China and Ang Lee’s Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon, Zu: Warriors from the Magic Mountain is a martial arts fantasy about ghostly armies who fight beyond death.


1984


All of Me 
Directed by	Carl Reiner
Written by	Henry Olek, Phil Alden Robinson
Based on	the novel Me Too by Edwin Davis
Tagline	The comedy that proves that one’s a crowd.

Plot synopsis
Upon her death, a millionaire (Lily Tomlin) has arranged for her soul (essentially, her ghost) to be transferred into a willing young blonde woman (Victoria Tennant). But something goes awry, and she finds herself inhabiting her lawyer’s body (Steve Martin) — and he’s still in it.

A Nightmare On Elm Street
Directed by 	Wes Craven
Written by	Wes Craven
Tagline	If Nancy Doesn’t Wake Up Screaming She Won’t Wake Up At All...

Plot synopsis / Review
Freddy Kruger (Robert Englund) is the evil essence of a child-murderer who was killed vigilante-style by the neighborhood parents of Elm Street. Gone but not forgotten, Freddy’s ghost becomes real flesh and blood (and really peeved!) in dreams. When teenaged Nancy (Heather Langenkamp) starts having nightmares, all hell breaks loose in the tree-lined hood.

A classic in the horror slasher genre, what makes A Nightmare on Elm Street so special is its supernatural components; while other standouts in the genre (Halloween, Friday the 13th) feature similar indestructible murderers, those killers are still people (or at least, zombies). What makes Freddy cool and super-scary is the fact that he’s an evil spirit that can get you in your own mind.

A Nightmare on Elm Street is beyond reproach on every count: Direction, writing, cinematography, set decoration, music, and acting (John Saxon is excellent, as is Johnny Depp in his first movie role).

Several sequels followed throughout the years, right up into the new millennium with Freddy Vs. Jason (2003).

For fans of A Nightmare on Elm Street
I recommend: Cursed (2005) and Sleepy Hollow (1999).

Black Devil Doll From Hell 
Directed by	Chester Novell Turner
Written by	Chester Novell Turner

Plot synopsis
A woman buys a doll at a magic shop which is, of course, possessed by an evil ghost under whose spell she falls.

Bloodbath at the House of Death 
Directed by	Ray Cameron
Written by	Ray Cameron, Barry Cryer
Tagline	The movie it took a lot of guts to make!

Plot synopsis
Monty Python meets Mario Bava in this bizarre Brit-flick about a wisecracking ghost-hunter (TV comedian Kenny Everett).

Cold Room, The 
Directed by	James Dearden
Written by	James Dearden
Based on	the novel The Prisoner by Jeffrey Caine

Plot synopsis
Amanda Pays plays a modern-day young woman who journeys to Germany and finds herself time-traveling to World War II. Or is she actually hitching a ride with ghosts? You don’t find out till the very end.

Distant Scream, A 
Directed by	John Hough
Written by	Martin Worth

Plot synopsis
Stephanie Beacham stars as a woman vacationing with her husband (David Carradine) at a lavish seaside hotel — everything’s just peachy except for the fact that she is tormented nightly by the sorrowful scream cries of a man apparently re-enacting his own murder. One of the last films from the original Hammer Films studio.

Ghost Busters
Directed by	Ivan Reitman
Written by	Dan Aykroyd, Harold Ramis, Ernie Hudson
Tagline	Who ya gonna call? Ghostbusters!

Plot synopsis
Bill Murray, Dan Aykroyd, Harold Ramis and Ernie Hudson star as a quirky quartet of Manhattan-based paranormal investigators who run into more than they bargained for when an ancient Babylonian demon possesses a beautiful woman (Sigourney Weaver). 

Happy Ghost 
Directed by	Clifton Ko

Plot synopsis
Romance happens in an all-girls’ school when a teacher (who is also a ghost) falls in love with the headmistress. Four sequels have followed to date, the latest, Happy Ghost 5, having come in 1991.

Henry Hamilton: Graduate Ghost 
Directed by	Noam Pitlik
Written by	Jim Carlson, Terrence McDonnell
Based on	the novel by Marilyn Redmond

Plot synopsis 
Henry is the ghost of a Civil War casualty who’s just graduated from Spiritual Specter University (a phantomly finishing school) and lands his first haunting assignment. Part of the “After School Mystery Theater”.

Hocus Pocus 
Directed by	Yuet Sang Chin

Plot synopsis 
Not to be confused with the Bette Midler family-friendly fantasy film, this movie comes out of Hong Kong and mixes comedy with horror.

House of Dies Drear 
Directed by	Allan A. Goldstein
Written by	Virginia Hamilton
Based on	the novel by Virginia Hamilton

Plot synopsis / Review
A TV movie made for kids and airing in two parts on PBS, this ghostly tale feels more like a history lesson than entertainment, but Howard E. Rollins Jr. makes it watchable. 

In an Old Manor House 
Directed by	Andrzej Kotkowski
Written by	Andrzej Kotkowski
Based on	the play by Stanislaw Ignacy Witkiewicz

Plot synopsis
Also known as The Independence of Triangles, this melodrama is all about infidelity, inappropriate love, betrayal, and revenge from beyond the grave.

In Possession 
Directed by	Val Guest
Written by	Michael J. Bird

Plot synopsis 
Carol Lynley and Christopher Cazenove play a married couple who go on vacation and see apparitions. They return home, only to have the haunting continue. 

Jar, The 
Directed by	Bruce Toscano
Written by	George Bradley
Tagline	It blows the lid off terror.

Plot synopsis
No, not The Car. The Jar. Mr. Ghost had to cut back a little, it seems, from his top-down to the screw-top.

Movie House Massacre, The 
Directed by	Rick Sloane
Written by	Rick Sloane

Plot synopsis
A small movie theater is haunted by its former manager after a big chain buys it and tries to drum up business.

Occupant 
Directed by	Ronny Yu

Plot synopsis
Chow Yun-Fat employs his martial arts prowess to kick ectoplasmic ass.

Power, The 
Directed by	Stephen Carpenter, Jeffrey Obrow
Written by	Stephen Carpenter, John Hopkins, Jeffrey Obrow, John Penney

Plot synopsis
Darn those ancient Aztec voodoo dolls… they always seem to contain the evil ghost of someone with anger management problems.

Rocktober Blood 
Directed by	Beverly Sebastian, Ferd Sebastian

Plot synopsis
Starring the members of the heavy metal rock band Sorcery, this schlock horror story tells the tale of a lead singer who kills a couple of his band members, gets executed for the crimes, then comes back for a “shocking” finale.

Satan’s Blade 
Directed by	L. Scott Castillo Jr.
Written by	Thomas Cue

Plot synopsis
A mountain-man’s ghost terrorizes tourists at a rustic resort. 

Tennis Court
Directed by	Cyril Frankel
Written by	Michael Hastings, Andrew Sinclair

Plot synopsis
Yes, this really is a movie about a haunted tennis court with balls that gush blood and a murderous net that feels no “love” for its victims.


1985


Afterward
Directed by	Simon Langton
Written by	Alfred Shaughnessy
Based on	the novel by Edith Wharton

Plot synopsis
A skeptical family moves into a house that turns out to be haunted. Scary stuff happens. Family becomes true believers and makes tracks. Also recommended: the movie The Amityville Horror (1979, 2005).

Blood Beat 
Directed by	Fabrice A. Zaphiratos
Written by	Fabrice A. Zaphiratos

Plot synopsis
When the ghost of a Samurai warrior crashes a Christmas dinner party in Wisconsin, everyone hands over the white meat and pumpkin pie — but he wants to kill them anyway. 

Bridge Across Time 
Directed by	E.W. Swackhamer
Written by	William F. Nolan

Plot synopsis
David Hasselhoff battles the evil, murderous spirit of Jack the Ripper in Arizona.  (Don’t ask.)

Canterville Ghost, The 
Directed by	William F. Claxton   
Written by	Oscar Wilde
Based on	a book by Oscar Wilde

Plot synopsis
TV movie starring Richard Kiley in the famous role of the capricious specter who has been roaming the halls of his castle looking in vain for hundreds of years for a brave descendant. (Just a thought, but wouldn’t widening his search area help?)

Christmas Present 
Directed by	Tony Bicat
Written by	Tony Bicat

Plot synopsis
Charles Dickens’ A Christmas Carol meets the story of Jesus’ birth in this holiday heart-warmer. 

Dark of the Night
Directed by	Gaylene Preston
Written by	Elizabeth Jane Howard, Geoff Murphy, Gaylene Preston, Graeme Tetley

Plot synopsis
Poodle-permed Meg (Heather Bolton) meets Mr. Wrong (David Letch), buys a classic Jaguar that happens to be haunted. Talk about a bad hair day.

Dark Power, The 
Directed by	Phil Smoot
Written by	Phil Smoot
Tagline	Your appointment with fear!

Plot synopsis
An exorcist with a big black whip (think: Father Merrin as Indiana Jones) tries to rid a family’s home of evil Indian ghosts who’ve reanimated their own corpses. Features old timey Western star Lash Larue.

Deadly Messages 
Directed by	Jack Bender
Written by	Jack Bender

Plot synopsis / Review
Kathleen Beller plays a lonely and bored young woman who finds a ouija board and conjures up some real trouble for herself. The words I-AM-GOING-TO-KILL-YOU are her first clue. This is an above-average TV movie filled with cheesy chills and guilty-pleasure styled melodrama. 

Maze, The 
Directed by	Peter Hammond
Written by	Kenneth Taylor
Based on	a short story by C. H. B. Kitchin

Plot synopsis
Originally aired as PBS Mystery, The Maze tells the story of a couple in postwar England who move onto a lovely estate, complete with a haunted maze. There is a ghost in the story, but it’s not the kind you might expect.

No Retreat, No Surrender 
Directed by	Corey Yuen
Written by	See-Yuen Ng, Keith W. Strandberg, Corey Yuen
Tagline	Tonight, he either fights for his life or he’ll be running for the rest of it.

Plot synopsis
A Bruce Lee fan (Kurt McKinney) gets inspiration from the ghost of the martial arts star in the course of his own career when he is pitted against a Russian champion (Jean-Claude Van Damme) in an International match.

Oracle, The 
Directed by	Roberta Findlay
Written by	R. Allen Leider
Tagline	Jennifer has seen the future!

Plot synopsis
A murdered man’s spirit reaches out from beyond the grave in an effort to possess the young woman who has moved into his old apartment. Also recommended: the novel The Sentinel, by Jeffrey Konvitz (1976).

Peanut Butter Solution 
Directed by	Michael Rubbo    
Written by	Vojtech Jasny, Andrée Pelletier, Louise Pelletier, Michael Rubbo
Tagline	A hair-raising comedy adventure.

Plot synopsis
Two harmless ghosts make secret elixirs out of peanut butter, in this kid-friendly spooker. (Perhaps the scariest thing of all is that the songs are performed by Celine Dion — who later went on to have a huge hit in another movie with ghosts, 1994’s Titanic.)

Pee-wee’s Big Adventure 
Directed by	Tim Burton
Written by	Phil Hartman, Paul Reubens, Michael Varhol   
Tagline	The story of a rebel and his bike.

Plot synopsis
When a strange young man’s (Paul Reubens) bicycle is stolen, he embarks on a cross-country adventure to track it down. Along the way, he meets a bizarre cast of characters — including a spectral trucker. Also recommended: the movie Ed Wood (1994).

Psychophobia 
Directed by	Stefano D’Arbo

Plot synopsis
When a young widow starts receiving strange, threatening anonymous letters she isn’t sure if they are coming from the beyond. (She neglects to check the postmark.) Just to be on the safe side, she hires an exorcist to rid her home of evil spirits.

Reel Horror 
Directed by	Ross Hagen
Written by	Jeanne Lucas

Plot synopsis
Ghoulish ghosts emerge from reels of old film, whenever they are played. (It’s actually a mish-mash of old horror films, strung together to try and make some semblance of a story.) Also recommended: the movie The Ring (2001).

Return 
Directed by	Andrew Silver
Written by	Andrew Silver
Based on	the novel by Donald Harington

Plot synopsis
Similar to Somewhere in Time, this romantic fantasy follows the spiritual journey of a young woman as she tries to solve the mystery of her grandfather’s death.

Ripper, The 
Directed by	Christopher Lewis
Written by	Bill Groves
Tagline	From out of a dream, he returns to stalk the living — the legend lives on.

Plot synopsis
A haunted ring once belonging to Jack the Ripper (Tom Savini) harbors evil spirits and ghastly ghosts from London’s bloody past. 

School Spirit 
Directed by	Alan Holleb
Written by	Geoffrey Baere
Tagline	This is one ghost who should be busted.

Plot synopsis
Strange teen “sex comedy” about an amorous ghost boy who, despite having been killed in a gory car wreck, still likes to pop up in the high school girls’ locker room and leer at them.

Turn of the Screw 
Directed by	Eloy de la Iglesia
Written by	Gonzalo Goicoechea, Eloy de la Iglesia, Ángel Sastre
Based on	the novel by Henry James

Plot synopsis
Loosely based the classic story, this Spanish production follows the fearful spiritual journey of a newly ordained Basque priest as he takes charge of two hellish children.



 

The following pages contain text that, originally, was scattered throughout the paperback in sidebars:


The Oldest of the Old Ghost Movies
 
1900 	Hooligan Assists the Magician 
1900 	Uncle Josh in a Spooky Hotel 
1900 	Uncle Josh's Nightmare 
1901 	Scrooge 
1903 	Revenant, Le 
1908 	Christmas Carol, A 
1910 	Christmas Carol, A 
1913 	Scrooge 
1914 	Avenging Conscience
1914 	Night of Thrills, A 
1915 	Christmas Carol, A 
1916 	Answer, The 
1916 	Ocean Waif, The 
1916 	Phantom Witness, The 
1917 	Ghost House 
1917 	Wee Lady Betty 
1918 	Ghost of Slumber Mountain, The 
1918 	Life or Honor? 
1919 	Haunted Bedroom, The 
1919 	Me and Captain Kidd 
1919 	Phantom Honeymoon, The 
1919 	Trick of Fate, A 
1919 	Usurper, The 
1920 	Dark Mirror, The 
1920 	Figures of the Night 
1920 	Haunting Shadows
1920 	House of the Tolling Bell, The
1920 	House of Whispers, The 
1920 	Love Madness 
1920 	Love Without Question 
1921 	Dollar-a-Year Man, The
1921 	Ghost in the Garret, The 
1921 	Other Person, The 
1921 	Phantom Carriage, The 
1921	Haunted Castle The 
1921	Haunted House, The 
1922 	At the Sign of the Jack O'Lantern 
1922 	Scrooge 
1923 	Colonel Heeza Liar and the Ghost 
1923 	Flying Dutchman, The 
1923 	Scrooge 
1924 	Fools in the Dark  
1924 	Haunted House, The 
1924 	Shadow of the East, The 
1924 	Son of Satan, A 
1924 	Speed Spook, The 
1924 	Unseen Hands 
1924 	What an Eye
1924	Speed Spook, The 
1925 	Cactus Cure, The
1925 	Fool and His Money, A
1925 	Haunted Honeymoon, The
1925 	Spook Ranch 


 
I got the following quotes from red carpet premiere and press-junket interviews

My Favorite Ghost Movie Is…

Sandra Taylor (actor, The Princess Diaries): Ghostbusters [1984], mainly because Dan Ackroyd is so brilliant. And because he really believes in the paranormal — he’s even got heat-sensors in his house! I respect that so much.

Brad Dourif (actor, Child’s Play): Poltergeist [1982], directed by Tobe Hooper, comes to mind. It’s been awhile since we’ve had a good ghost movie.

Jay Hernandez (actor, Hostel): The Shining [1980]. That movie scarred me… ’redrum,’ and the pinky. That’s just not cool, not when you’re a kid!

Amber Tamblyn (actor, The Grudge 2): The Haunting [1963], and not just because my dad [Russ Tamblyn] was in the movie. What I love about it is how so much is implied, and not shown, yet it’s terrifying.

Devon Werkheiser (actor, Ned’s Declassified School Survival Guide): The Ring [2001]. That movie is insane, but awesome. I loved it!

Guillermo del Toro (director, The Devil’s Backbone): The Haunting [1963], The Shining [1980], and The Uninvited [1944].

Eric Roberts (actor, Runaway Train): I love ’booger’ movies. The first ghost movie I ever saw was The Ghost & Mrs. Muir [1947]. It had such an impact on me as a child, I’d have to pick that one as my favorite.

Don Coscarelli (director, Phantasm): I think the Guillermo del Toro movie, The Devil’s Backbone [2001], is really underrated. I just thought that was the best movie of that year. It’s really a great film. I also liked The Eye [2002], and for a comedic ghost story, I loved Ghostbusters [1984]. There are quite a few!

Hugh Jackman (actor, X-Men): The Shining [1980].

Linda Blair (actor, The Exorcist): I love the old, classic Universal ghost movies. I like my horror movies very, very tame!

Jason Behr (actor, Roswell): The Shining [1980].

Taryn Manning (actor, 8 Mile): Poltergeist [1982]. I saw it when I was very, very young and it made a real impression on me.

Kathy Bates (actor, Misery): “I want to say Psycho [1960], even though it’s not really a ghost movie in the traditional sense. ” I say it still qualifies. After all, Mother Bates — no relation to Kathy, I presume — haunts poor Norman throughout the entire film.

Robert Patrick (actor, Terminator 2): Poltergeist [1982].

Kathleen Quinlan (actor, The Hills Have Eyes remake): Movies like Topper [1937] or The Ghost & Mrs. Muir [1947] are more my speed — I don’t like the scary ones at all.

Karen Moncrieff (director, The Dead Girl): Truly, Madly, Deeply [1991].

Michael Buffer (sports announcer, “Ready to Rumble!”): I like the movie with Demi Moore and Patrick Swayze, Ghost [1990]. I’ve never forgotten that one.

Giovanni Ribisi (actor, The Gift): The Shining [1980]. It’s a masterpiece.

Bruce Davison (actor, Kingdom Hospital): The Haunting [1963], which is one of Robert Wise’s best films. I love it because it’s so atmospheric; that scene, where the door is buckling, and you don’t know what’s behind it, is just as scary without today’s CG effects.

Q’Orianka Kilcher (actor, The New World): Ghost [1990].

Brittany Murphy (actor, Sin City): It’s an old Betty Boop movie with her dog, Pudgy, and it’s got Louis Armstrong and Cab Calloway in it. It’s called: I’ll Be Glad When You’re Dead, You Rascal You [1932].

George Takei (actor, Star Trek): Kwaidan [1964]. It’s a movie comprised of four supernatural vignettes. In one, there’s a fox-woman, and in another there’s the ghost of a woman who haunts her samurai husband. It’s not only cinematically excellent, but it’s scary too!

Brooke Burke (actor, The Hazing): I loved Ghost [1990]. I like the romance in that, because I’m not into scary movies.

Pitof (director, Catwoman): The Ghost & Mrs. Muir [1947].

Jesse James (actor, The Amityville Horror remake): The Shining [1980].

KaDee Strickland (actor, The Grudge): Ghost stories are fascinating. I love them. Ju-On: The Grudge [2003], of course, and Something Wicked This Way Comes [1983]. But The Shining [1980] is genius: There is no better!

Jon Cryer (actor, Pretty in Pink): The Haunting [1963], which is old school horror. It was incredibly atmospheric, black and white, and it scares psychologically which I prefer to gore.

Annie Potts (actor, Ghostbusters): Topper [1937].

Jasmine Guy (actor, Dying on the Edge): The Shining [1980].

Drew Carey (actor, The Drew Carey Show): The Others [2001]. That movie was fantastic.

Laura Harris (actor, Dead Like Me): The Shining [1980] is epic!

Mandy Patinkin (actor, The Princess Bride): I don’t like ghost movies. I haven’t liked horror movies since I saw The Exorcist [1973]. I guess for a ghost movie, Ghostbusters [1984] was fun.

Eli Roth (director, Hostel): It changes. Right now, it’s Ju-On: The Grudge [2003].

Jordana Brewster (actor, The Texas Chainsaw Massacre: The Beginning): The Others [2001], with Nicole Kidman. 

David Arquette (actor, Scream): The Shining [1980]. It’s an amazing film. I also loved the miniseries of The Shining [1997]. It’s just a great story.

Ernie Hudson (actor, Ghostbusters): Black Orpheus [1959].

Arielle Kebbel (actor, The Grudge 2): Poltergeist [1982]. That movie scared me when I was little. My whole family would go, “...They’re hee-eere!”

Daniel Travis (actor, Open Water): Poltergeist [1982]. I love that it was a completely simplistic scenario with the suburban family — you can put yourself in that situation very easily, which is what makes it so scary.

Michael Bay (producer, The Amityville Horror remake): The Shining [1980].

Laura Prepon (actor, Karla): The Sixth Sense [1999]. I never saw that ending coming — I love that!

Jim Carrey (actor, The Number 23): When I was kid I always loved The Ghost and Mr. Chicken [1966], with Don Knotts. It was scary with that organ music and everything, but you knew it was funny, too.

Kam Heskin (actor, Vlad): The Others [2001]. It was so atmospheric, and I just love Nicole Kidman.

Jeff Rector (writer/director, Fatal Kiss): What Lies Beneath [2000]. That one tops my list of somewhat recent ghost movies, because it’s got a great cast and an excellent story. 

Lacey Chabert (actor, Black Christmas remake): The Sixth Sense [1999]. That’s my favorite because it was so smart, and so scary, without being gory.

Jon Voight (actor, Midnight Cowboy): Casper [1995], with Christina Ricci. I like the happy ghost movies.

Powers Boothe (actor, Tombstone): Poltergeist [1982].

David Lynch (director, Blue Velvet): [Long, thoughtful, Lynchian pause… thinking, thinking…]  I don’t know. 

Brody Hutzler (actor, Days of Our Lives): The Others [2001]. And, I love Ghostbusters [1984] – I mean, c’mon! It’s so funny.

Clea Du Vall (actor, Carnivale): The Others [2001].

David Goyer (director, Blade: Trinity): I liked Stanley Kubrick’s version of The Shining [1980]. I never understood why Stephen King didn’t like that film. I like that a lot. I like The Tenant [1976]. More recently, I thought The Others [2001] was quite good. I like the original Haunting [1963], as well. It’s an excellent film and what’s great about it is, you never see the ghost. And yet, some 50 years later, it’s still quite a scary film. I hated the remake — they took everything that was good about the first film and changed it. 

Jennifer Tilly (actor, Seed of Chucky): Poltergeist [1982].

William Mapother (actor, In the Bedroom): Poltergeist [1982]. I saw it when I was very young and impressionable. I’d never seen a movie quite like it, and it affected me.

Julie Ann Emery (actor, Hitch): The Shining [1980].

Leigh Whannel (actor/writer, Saw): The Shining [1980].

James Wan (director, Saw): Poltergeist [1982].

Joshua LeBar (actor, Entourage):I love the twist ending of The Sixth Sense [1999].

Edwin Hodge (actor, The Alamo): The Haunting [1999], with Catherine Zeta Jones.

Rachel Griffiths (actor, Six Feet Under): I didn’t see The Shining [1980] until about two years ago, because I’m so easily scared. When I went to the premiere of The Ring [2001] with Naomi (Watts, the star) I just screamed out loud in theater and everyone was laughing at me. Also, I did like Ghost [1990], with Patrick Swayze and Demi Moore. That’s a classic.

Timothy Spall (actor, The Last Samurai): Noel Coward’s Blythe Spirit [1945].

Justin Long (actor, Jeepers Creepers): The Shining [1980].

James Denton (actor, Desperate Housewives): The Ghost and Mr. Chicken [1966]. I think Don Knotts was great in that.

Mick Garris (director, The Shining miniseries): The Haunting [1963].

Anthony LaPaglia (actor, Without A Trace):  Abbott and Costello Meet the Ghosts [1945].

John Polson (director, Hide & Seek): The Shining [1980].

Tobe Hooper (director, Poltergeist): Definitely The Haunting [1963], the original, and more recently, I really liked The Grudge [2004].

Robert Englund (actor, A Nightmare on Elm Street): A Japanese film called Dark Water [2002].

John Landis (director, An American Werewolf in London): I never have “favorites”. Here are a few I really liked: Stir of Echoes [1999], Uninvited [2003], The Devil’s Backbone [2001], The Haunting [1963] (the original, not that shitty remake), Kuroneko [1968], and Kwaidan [1964]. 

Ryan Reynolds (actor, The Amityville Horror remake): Poltergeist [1982]. That movie had a profound impact on me.

James Gunn (director, Slither): A Tale of Two Sisters [2004].

Melissa George (actor, The Amityville Horror remake): I don’t like the scary ones, so Ghost [1990]. I’d like to be in a remake of Ghost, actually.

John Leguizamo (actor, Land of the Dead): The Ghost Breakers [1940], starring Bob Hope.

Chandra West (actor, White Noise): Field of Dreams [1989]. And also The Shining [1980] — that is one scary movie! It’s disturbing because it’s so character-driven. Jack Nicholson is amazing in that.

Dylan Fergus (actor, HellBent): The Others [2001]. I love the really creepy ghost movies.

Sam Raimi (director, Evil Dead): The Haunting [1963].

Frank Darabont (director, The Mist): The Haunting [1963]. It’s the scariest damn thing you’ll ever see!” When I asked him why ghosts are so scary, he said, “C’mon. They’re dead. They’re not supposed to be here. That’s scary!”

Andrew Douglas (director, The Amityville Horror remake): Poltergeist [1982].


 
Quotable Quotes:


“I do believe in ghosts, I do, I do… ahruff!”
— Cowardly Lion (Bert Lahr) in The Wizard of Oz (1939)

“There is no life, my darling, until you love and have been loved. And then there is no death.” 
— Jennie Appleton (Jennifer Jones) in Portrait of Jennie (1948)

[Looking into the snowy TV set’s screen] “They’re here.”
— Carol Anne (Heather O'Rourke) in Poltergeist (1982)

“It was an evil house from the beginning — a house that was born bad.”
— Dr. John Markway (Richard Johnson) in The Haunting (1963)

“The house tried to kill me. It almost succeeded.”
— Benjamin Franklin Fischer (Roddy McDowall) in The Legend of Hell House (1973)

“Nothing is what is seems”
— John Baxter (Donald Sutherland) in Don’t Look Now (1973)

[Narrating from the beyond, looking at his dead body floating facedown in the water] “The poor dope; he always wanted a pool. Well, in the end, he got himself a pool.” 
— Joe Gillis (William Holden) in Sunset Blvd.

“Ditto.”
— Molly Jensen (Demi Moore) in Ghost (1990)

“Here’s Johnny!”
—	Jack Torrance (Jack Nicholson) in The Shining (1980)

“Catherine Earnshaw, may you not rest so long as I live on! I killed you. Haunt me, then! Haunt your murderer! I know that ghosts have wandered on the Earth. Be with me always. Take any form, drive me mad, only do not leave me in this dark alone where I cannot find you. I cannot live without my life! I cannot die without my soul.”
— Heathcliff (Laurence Olivier) in Wuthering Heights (1939)

“Whoever took the curtains wants to kill my children.”
— Grace Stewart (Nicole Kidman) in The Others (2001)

“Before you die, you see the ring.”
— Rachel Keller (Naomi Watts) in The Ring (2002)

“He slimed me!”
— Dr. Peter Venkman (Bill Murray) in Ghost Busters (1984)

“It was only the wind, my dear.”
— Miles (Martin Stephens) in The Innocents (1961)

“Oh, Harry? If you die down there, you’re welcome to share my toilet.”
— Moaning Myrtle (Shirley Henderson) in Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets (2002)

 “Get out!”
— Evil voice emanating from The House in The Amityville Horror (1979)

[Scrooge to Marley’s ghost, thinking he’s hallucinating because of severe indigestion] “There’s more gravy than grave in you.”
— Ebenezer Scrooge (Reginald Owen) in A Christmas Carol (1938)

“Murder most foul, as in the best it is, But this most foul, strange, and unnatural.”
— The Ghost in Hamlet (1996)
 

Ernie Hudson Gabs on Ghostbusters

Staci Layne Wilson: What do most people say to you, when they bring Ghostbusters up?

EH: The Marshmallow Man always comes up. You know — how big was he, and so on. There will be people who know all the lines from the movie. It been around for 23 years and people still really like it a lot. 

SLW: I can’t believe it’s been that long!

EH: Adults will come up to me and say, ’Ghostbusters was the first movie I ever saw. My parents took me to see it when I was three.’ I’m like, ’Oh, god. I guess it has been a long time.’ It’s nice to have been part of a movie that’s become part of the culture, and that after 23 years people still remember it, and remember it fondly.

SLW: I understand Dan Ackroyd is a true believer in the supernatural; how about you?

EH: I do believe, but I’m not as intense about it. I don’t go out looking for things — I’d just as soon what’s on the other side stays on the other side, and I’ll be very happy over here. But Danny really wants the experience, so he has a little different approach. I certainly know that there’s more than what we perceive with our five senses.

SLW: Have you ever had a ghostly experience?

EH: As a kid, yeah. My mother passed away, and my grandmother told me that she was protecting me. I believe that I saw her one night. It was very vivid, so I know it wasn’t just a part of my imagination. I’ve always carried that with me in a positive way; it wasn’t frightening, it was just knowing that she was there.

SLW: What a nice feeling that must have been.

EH: Well, yes. You see, my mother passed away when I was three months old, and I think things have gone very well for me in the sense that I’ve always felt her protection and I’ve tried to live my life in a way which didn’t violate that.

SLW: That’s a good ghost story. I like that one. And I think that’s why so many people across the board like Ghostbusters — it’s not scary or depressing like so many ghost movies are.

EH: Yeah. It was funny, it was light. It dealt with some issues we believe in, some aspects of the supernatural. I think it worked for little kids because we would actually trap the ghosts. We were heroes, not for beating people up, but for actually protecting people.
 

Tinseltown Specters

The following celebs have reported seeing ghosts:

Matthew McConaughey — named his resident ghost. She’s called Madame Blue. 

Keanu Reeves — says he saw a ghost when he was a child. 

Elke Sommers — she’s seen the ghost of a middle—aged man wearing a white shirt in her Beverly Hills home. 

Jean Claude Van Damme — once saw an apparition in his bathroom mirror while he was brushing his teeth. 

= = =

The following celebs reportedly are ghosts:

Marilyn Monroe — haunts a full-length mirror that once belonged to her; also rattles around the historical Hollywood Roosevelt Hotel on Hollywood Boulevard.

Montgomery Clift — also likes the first class afterlife accommodations at The Roosevelt. In his favorite room, #928, it’s said that he makes noise and takes the phone off the hook. 

Clifton Webb — his ghost has been spotted at the Abbey of the Psalms in the Hollywood Memorial Cemetery, where his body is interred. 

Thelma Todd — the victim of a mysterious death, Ms. Todd haunts the place her body was found (a café she owned on the Pacific Coast Highway; the building is no longer an eatery, but the starlet’s ghost can still be seen on the stairs). 

George Reeves — another unsolved mystery surrounds this star’s demise, although it was officially ruled a suicide. Reeves’ ghost has been seen in his Beverly Hills home (dressed to the nines in his Superman costume, no less!).

More Film Stars Who Still Haunt: Rudolph Valentino; Jean Harlow; Mary Pickford; Grace Kelly.

= = =
 
The Glamorous Ghouls of Hollywood: The Best Places to Ghost-Watch in L.A.

The Hollywood Roosevelt Hotel (7000 Hollywood Blvd., Hollywood) houses the spirits of Marilyn Monroe and Montgomery Clift. I did a press junket in the most—haunted room there for a movie called White Noise. We did have some technical difficulties with our recording equipment.

Linda Vista Hospital (610 South St. Louis St., Los Angeles). Built in the 1930s and long shut down, Linda Vista has been the filming site of many a ghost movie (everything from A Nightmare on Elm Street, to Room 6) and is said to be haunted. I don’t know about that, but I can attest to having a very strange experience on the set of Room 6; myself and several other journalists had major sound problems on our interviews.

Hollywood Forever Cemetery (6000 Santa Monica Blvd., Hollywood). The ghost of actor Clifton Webb is said to haunt the Abbey of the Psalms mausoleum (his body is entombed in an called the Sanctuary of Peace). I have never had any unusual experiences at the Hollywood Forever, but I did go there to celebrate my birthday one August 23rd, and discovered that that is also the date of Rudolph Valentino’s death — a lot of fans had left red roses on his crypt, so I nicked one as memento. It’s still on my wall, but so far The Sheik has not come to claim it.

The Queen Mary (on the water in Long Beach) is filled with photos of famous Hollywood stars who made the Atlantic crossing in first-class style when the ship was sailing in the 20s and 30s. An unknown fetch supposedly haunts the narrow corridors, but I have never encountered it. 

Paulist Productions (Pacific Coast Highway, between Malibu & Pacific Palisades) was once a café owned by Old Hollywood film star Thelma Todd, who died on the grounds in 1935 under mysterious circumstances. Paulist Productions employees have reported seeing Thelma Todd’s ghost walking down the staircase. 

Culver Studios (9336 Washington Blvd., Culver City)  is the eternal home of Hollywood producer, Thomas Ince. Undying rumors say that Ince was accidentally shot and killed by William Randolph Hearst, who was allegedly aiming at Charlie Chaplin but missed. I’ve been to the Culver Studios many times, but never encountered anything unusual there.

The Vogue Theatre (6675 Hollywood Blvd., Hollywood) is said to be haunted by at least seven separate spirits, one of which was an employee at the theater and who died in the projection booth. 

The Comedy Store (8433 W Sunset Blvd., Hollywood) was once a nightclub called Ciro’s and it was the most glamorous hotspot of Hollywood’s golden age — it’s said the Mob murdered people there, and those ghosts still haunt the area. Comedian Sam Kineson, a former preacher, worked the Comedy Store a lot prior to his own timely death, and he spoke openly about having some very vexing experiences there.

Hollywood & Vine (Hollywood) is said to host the friendly ghosts of Bela Lugosi and Lon Chaney, Sr.

Sweet Lady Jane (8360 Melrose Ave., Los Angeles). Orson Welles likes to hang around this bakery, which opened after his death (prior to that, it was one of the Hollywood legend’s favorite eateries, Ma Maison).

 
Ghostly Animals
Ghosts are usually depicted as women in diaphanous white gowns or evil apparitions, but once in awhile people's pets go phantom-postal. Here are a few of the best examples, excerpted from my book Animal Movies Guide:

Ghost Cat
2003, suspense and mystery
Wes Merritt (Michael Ontkean) and his 15 year old daughter Natalie (Ellen Page) move into a house that was formerly owned by a nice old lady, Mrs. Ashboro (Shirley Knight) and her pet cat, Margaret. When strange things start happening in the house, all paws point to the ghostly presence of Margaret, who died on the same day as her mistress. Margaret the cat is played by Baretta, and the dog character of Comfort is played by Harley.

Fluke
1995, fantasy and mystery
Benji meets Ghost in this very unusual story about a workaholic named Thomas Johnson (Matthew Modine) who dies under mysterious circumstances and finds himself reincarnated in the form of an adorable puppy dog called Fluke (played by Comet). Fluke hooks up with a savvy old pooch named Rumbo (played by Barney, and voiced by Samuel L. Jackson) and sets out to solve the puzzle of his untimely death. Based upon the novel by James Herbert.

Sleepy Hollow
1999, mystery and horror
Johnny Depp, though an unlikely casting choice, convincingly portrays Ichabod Crane in this retelling of the spooky legend of the Headless Horseman by director Tim Burton. While the Headless Horseman (Christopher Walken) has a spirited, speedy steed of the netherworld, Ichabod is expected to outrun him on a lazy old farm horse named Gunpowder (played by Goldeneye).
 

Sounds like a ghost movie... but isn't

Ghost World
The Ghost and the Darkness
The Grey Ghost
The Ghost Comes Home
City of Ghosts
Haunted House
The Vampire’s Ghost

 

Haunted on Television

Not all of these live-action television series are about ghosts, but they all do have at least one major character who is not resting in peace.

American Gothic
Angel
Black Adder
Carnivàle 
Charmed 
Dark Shadows
Ghost & Mrs. Muir
Ghost Story
Ghost Whisperer
Medium
My Mother the Car
Providence 
PSI
Rescue Me
Six Feet Under
Soap 
Supernatural
The Night Stalker
Topper
Twin Peaks 
 

Staci Layne's Top 13 Best Ghost Movies Of All Time*


When I started working on my books, I asked everyone I knew what their favorites were. I also asked a whole bunch of directors, screenwriters, and actors. Most agreed with me on my #1 pick…

13	Ghost [1990]
12	The Sixth Sense [1999]
11	Poltergeist [1982]
10	Vital [2004]
9	Topper [1937]
8 	Wuthering Heights [1939]
7 	The Ring [2001]
6  	The Ghost & Mrs. Muir [1947]
5 	The Uninvited [1944]
4  	Suspiria [1977]
3  	The Others [2001]
2 	The Devil's Backbone [2001]
1 	The Shining [1980]


*as published in 2007
 

Afterword

So there you have it. Fifty years of ghost movies, from 1935 to 1985. Plans from the publisher of the original paperback were to go on with another volume, Modern Ghost Movies, but as is the case with so many traditional outlets, they went the way of the dodo. Not even a specter remains of Modern Ghost Movies and with the advent of the app, even easier accessibility to all things webby and Wiki, I doubt the spirit will ever move me to complete the book. 

At least, not in that incarnation. Should a need seem to arise for my recommendations on such things, or should I be inspired by especially unusual subject matter (such as my Animal Movies Guide, which truly is the definitive/only book on that topic), I'll resurrect the notion. But for now, I hope you will look up my reviews at Fangoria.com, Horror.com and RottenTomatoes.com (I have written literally hundreds more, since 2007). 

I enjoy discourse all kinds of movies, not just the spooky ones: I have the Fashion in Film Beat at Yahoo! Movies, and I also post the occasional cinematic suggestion on my blog staci-wilson.livejournal.com/.



Staci Layne Wilson
January 1, 2013

