

This book is a work of fiction. Names, places, characters and incidents are products of the author’s imagination or are used fictitiously. Any resemblance to actual events or locales or persons, living or dead, is purely coincidental.

Copyright © Ian Hall and Lachelle Miller. Hallanish Publishing, thru Smashwords Inc.
Published by Hallanish Publishing at Smashwords Inc.

ISBN; 9781476479842

All rights reserved, and the authors reserve the right to re-produce this book, or parts thereof, in any way whatsoever.
This eBook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This eBook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. If you’re reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to Smashwords.com and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.

While every effort has been made to cleanly edit the text, through human error and automatic formatting, typos do slip in. If you find errors, accept my apology, but bring it to my attention, so I can continue to provide a better book for future readers.  The book will then be updated periodically to reflect newer and purer editions. Thank you.




Vampire High School; A Brand New Vampire Series.
Out on eBooks everywhere;
Vampire High School (Book 1: Gregor Academy)
Vampire High School (Book 2: The Helsing Diaries)
Vampire High School (Book 3: The Rage Wars)
Vampire High School. Book 4: The Blood Red Roses.


Vampire High School
New Blood 2: Alan McCartney
By Ian Hall and Lachelle Miller

I had no idea why Valerie Queen-of-Homecoming Libidowitz would be inviting me out for a milkshake after school. The note was stuffed into the crack of my locker, folded all prettily into an origami swan and smelling of some too-sweet perfume. And there at the bottom was her flowery signature, all in big, scrolling letters:
Valerie from home room.
XO!
“Yeah right,” I said, crumpling the counterfeit love note and chucking it into the nearest trash bin.
Probably that Clark Dugan; he was always trying to get under my skin. Some of the Littleton High student body had too much time on their hands. Not me- stopping to unfold that swan put me three minutes behind schedule and marching band try-outs wait for no man. Clutching my clarinet case, I dashed off to the auditorium before Mr. Schuster crossed my name right off the list.
I was but yards away from the double doors, when my trajectory was intercepted by a white, fuzzy sweater stretched tight over a generous bosom. Valerie was a tall girl and my outstretched arms were perfectly level with the bumps she took no trouble to conceal.
“Hi, Alan,” she said, arching her shoulders, successfully jutting her bust out that much further, “I thought I might run into you here. Did you get my note by any chance?”
Well of all the childish nonsense. So, Valerie was a willing participant in Clark’s little set up. I’d been willing to give her the benefit of the doubt that her signature had been forged. No such luck. Pretty Valerie was just like everybody else.
I lowered my gaze and lifted my clarinet case, “I’m late for try-outs; will you please excuse me.”
I made off to one side but Valerie was quick, very quick.  If she wasn’t the fastest thing on two legs then I’ll be dead duck. Side-stepping in a blur, she cut me off.
My glasses had slipped down the bridge of my nose. I pushed them in place and looked straight into her flirty eyes.
“What is it you want from me, miss?” I demanded.
She giggled, tiny little bubbles bursting in mid-air. Extremely annoying.
“That milkshake for starters, Alan Rand.”
“Excuse me but I’ve got better things to do than be bothered with anymore pranks by your band of rabble-rousers.”
I went to push past her, but Valerie shot her hand out at my chest. That little tart was as strong as she was fast. For certain my sternum would be bruised.
Before I could protest, her brown eyes silenced me. As she spoke, the scent of her breath- far more subtle than the rancid perfume had been- wafted toward me, temporarily stifling my senses.
“You want to meet me at Harvey’s Drug at four-thirty for a milkshake, Alan Rand. Don’t disappoint me.”
As she flitted off, I all but forgot about marching band try-outs and found myself greatly anticipating our upcoming rendezvous. I wondered at my own lack of propriety. A girl that forward with a boy? Mother would never approve.

The power of vampire pheromones would never cease to amaze me. Even after almost ninety years of their usage, the sheer fact that men would just cave in completely was a boost to both my confidence and my ego. Even vampires have feelings.
I looked at my quarry, shaking his head, wondering what had struck him. Amos had been clear with his instructions. Alan was to be subservient, but not turned. For some reason beyond my comprehension, Amos Blanche, my boss, wanted to do the act himself. And that made me question the whole deal.
In Amos’s empire, ‘turning’ was usually associated with sex, and I knew that Amos wasn’t that type of guy. My date at the soda parlor was to try and get inside Alan’s head. Knowledge meant power, and if you fell behind, you got left behind. I was Amos’ number one girl, had been for almost sixty years, the perfect bait for high school urchins like Alan Rand.
I lit a cigarette and crossed the road outside the school. Alan’s date gave me almost an hour and a half free, and I fancied a bite to eat. Even though my body no longer actually needed the nutrients, the act reminded me of the old days. And it helped me blend in.
The newspaper vendor on the corner was shouting about the Dodgers owner, Walt O’Malley, taking the team from Brooklyn to Los Angeles. How they’d be ready for the 1958 season, how New York would be bereft of good baseball. Oh, the humans loved their sport. It was all so tedious; I could recall when there wasn’t any kind of sport.
I could remember landing in Boston harbor, direct from Italy. No mother, no father, just a letter for my so-called uncle in Providence. It was July 1872, and I was fourteen years old. I grew up pretty bloody quick when my ‘uncle’ started cornering me in my bedroom after his wife had gone to bed.
I took his ‘treatment’ for three long years then ran away. Amos found me wandering the New York streets early that winter, begging for pennies. He bought me new clothes, gave me a bath, promised me a heaven on earth. It was a good job my uncle had broken me in, so to speak, because Amos’s view of heaven sure wasn’t mine.
But soon, Amos got a new toy, and I was played with less and less. Then after a while, I began to get positions outside of Amos’ bed. I became the go-to girl of the Blanche vampire mafia; almost as feared as the head guy himself.
I was in the middle of a new century, I had waltzed past two world wars, and I could still turn heads like I did back in the day.
Valerie Libidowitz was a force to be reckoned with. Talk about an old head on young shoulders.

“Keep at it, my boy,” Mr. Schuster said, “Maybe next year…”
Once again the marching band director determined I wasn’t quite up to snuff. Next year? I was set to graduate in June. Slamming my clarinet case shut, I stomped away from the auditorium. I, Alan Rand, had run out of ‘next years’.
I noted the time as I dialed the combination to my bike lock: twenty minutes past four. Mother would have supper on table precisely at five-ten. Even at top speed my Trent Tourist couldn’t get me across town in less than twenty minutes. Harvey’s Drug was five minutes out of my way; considering the time it would take to order and then consume our confections, I couldn’t hope to get home before five-twenty. It was all quite unacceptable- mother would be ill-at-ease with such a deviation from the routine.
My mind made up, I decided to forego my meeting with Valerie and set off directly for home. Yet, as I coasted down through the park, heading due north, my bike seemed to steer itself east. Before I knew it, I was standing astride the bar of my Tourist, staring at the large glass window looking into Harvey’s Drug.
Valerie sat at the counter, waggling her fingers my direction. I thought to leave, but- through no will of my own- dropped my bike haphazardly on its side and went in.
“Glad you made it.” She gushed.
“I cannot stay.” I answered, rigidly, “I’m expected home.”
Valerie leaned up to me, “You can stay for a little while, Alan Rand.”
To my own amazement, I took the stool next to hers and repeated the words back, “I can stay for a little while…”
“How did try-outs go?”
“Not well, I’m afraid. Apparently my fingering leaves something to be desired.”
Of all the inappropriate gestures- Valerie placed her hand right on my knee, “I think your fingering is extremely desirable.”
I nearly fell from my stool, “Miss! Please refrain from physical contact!”
Valerie only proceeded to inch up to my thigh, “Relax, Alan. There’s no need to be uptight.”
Uptight? How dare she? “You have misinterpreted my intentions for coming here if you believe such behavior is acceptable,” I said harshly, picking up her hand and carefully depositing it back into her own lap.
Her smile, I will admit, was beguiling, “Then why are you here, Alan Rand?”
The question threw me aback for there was no viable answer. Oddly enough, I began to feel as if I’d been brought there against my own free will.
Avoiding Valerie’s provocative leer, I slid free of her roving hand and got to my feet.
“I made a mistake,” I told her, looking at my watch, “And now I’m overdue.”
Valerie stood, uncaring of any stirs her action would cause among the other patrons, coming in to stand offensively close. She slid her hands round to my bottom, and pulled us tightly together.
“Yes, Alan Rand- I’d say you’re long overdue.” Smiling, she let me go.
With no way of hiding my disgrace, I stalked to the door, heads turning to glare as I passed. I felt I’d come to the bottom of this little game; Valerie Libidowitz, drawing me into a meeting only to falsely—and publically— seduce me.
I could not get away from the vile girl fast enough.

Oh Mister Prim-and-proper.
I watched him get on his dark green bike and, standing on the pedals for traction, take off down the high street. His bum winked at me, bobbing from side to side. He did have a delightful backside.
I finished my milkshake in my own time, despite the recriminatory stares from some of the drug-store clientele.
As usual, I reported my progress to Amos, and was surprised that he took so much notice. “Why Alan Rand?”
He looked at me, and I seemed to remember every time he’d touched me, all at once. My skin crawled uncontrollably. “He’s the new face.”
I shook my head. “I don’t get it.”
“Valerie, my dear, you’re a hundred years old. Of course you don’t get it. It’s a young girl’s thing. Ask any of the other kids at school who the school ‘looker’ is.” He advanced on me. “Young movie goers don’t flock to see Clark Gable anymore, he’s old news. The girls liked James Dean, they’re changing their tastes. This new Elvis Presley is the same. For us to keep the girls interested, we have to change our new face too.”
“But he’s a complete prig!”
“And we have a lifetime to knock that out of him. Alan is perfect, trust me.”
“But Amos, he’s a wimp.”
“Oh, he’ll be fine. I’ll find a cruel streak inside him, if I have to put it there myself.”
It was then and there, in the deep gleam of Amos’ eyes that I saw the plan. Alan was the lure, vampirism was the medium, and new bedfellows for Amos was the goal; young ones, lured by the new ‘pied piper’.
I pitied the girls, yet was glad that my age now put me beyond such punishments.
“Get him interested, Valerie. That’s all you have to do. Get him sniffing between your legs, and leave the rest to me.”
As I headed for my house, I realized that was easier said than done, because for some reason Alan had ignored all my usual opening moves. So I set to the indirect, choosing the oblique pathway. I set out to glean his interests, his goals.
Turns out he didn’t have any. Alan Rand was a very private person; no real friends, a true loner. No girls either; not one girl in the school could claim that he paid them any attention at all.
My investigation had lasted all of two hours, using a bit of speed between interviews.
I determined to get closer, and that meant peeking through the keyhole, so to speak. I ran over to his house, and found a nice bush to hide behind, whilst I ear-wigged on the conversation inside.

As suspected, dinner was set by the time I made it home at five-twenty-six. I had gravely miscalculated the extra time my detour would cost; pumping pedals while sporting an engorged penis made for slow progress- uncomfortable at that, I might add. Fortunately, the physical exertion had alleviated that issue. Yet the slow pace had created another.
Mother was perched at the head of the table, empty plate before her, hands folded pristinely in her lap. As always, she’d prepared three place settings: one for herself, one for me and the third for my deceased father. As I approached the dining room, Mother’s eyes were as vacant and perplexing as the empty chair Father had once occupied.
The sight of roast beef, surrounded by new potatoes and baby carrots roused my hunger. Yet, there was little chance I would be partaking of any of it tonight.
“Would you care to explain yourself, Alan?” Mother’s words jabbed at me like a fork.
“I had try-outs today, Mother,” I held up my clarinet case as proof of testimony.
“Yes. I recall. Try-outs were to end at four-thirty, Alan. Did they go long?”
The lie bobbled in my throat, but I choked it down like a hunk of dry bread. It would have been a useless gesture; certainly Mother would be calling Mr. Schuster to confirm my alibi had I resorted to one.
“They ended on time.” I stated flatly.
“Then I see no reason why you should be sixteen minutes late for supper, Alan.”
“I was careless, Mother. It won’t happen again.”
Mother rose from the table, a motion so graceful not even the chair was disturbed by it. The light from the overhead chandelier glinted off the smooth surface of her favorite strand of pearls- the ones Father had given on her birthday the year of his death. Mother never failed to wear them at our evening meal.
Her coral-pink dress fluttered as she seemed to float over to me, expressionless. Though she came only to my shoulders, Mother’s presence filled the room from wall to wall. I was but a flat shadow in her midst.
“Careless?” she replied, a million accusations wrapped in two syllables, “How so?”
I was both as honest and vague as possible, “I stopped to talk to somebody and lost track of time.”
“Who were you talking to?”
My tongue swelled in my mouth. Each of my acquaintances had been boys handpicked for me early on; mother knew each of them, their families and phone numbers. Any accomplice to my tardiness I could name would be verified, my falsehood exposed immediately. I had to take that chance; for, in this instance, the truth would carry a far greater punishment than the lie.
“Trent Coombs.” I had to force the name passed my lips, knowing once it hit the air there would be no taking it back.
Mother turned on her heel, toward the kitchen telephone. Dutifully, I followed. Each spin of the dial seemed to take an eternity. Like a chameleon changing color, the pitch of her voice lifted and peeled with a charm reserved only for strangers.
“Lorraine? This is Sophia Rand.”
A deep chill set in her eyes as Mrs. Coombs confirmed her worst suspicions. I felt the familiar shiver on my neck as the receiver was set back on its cradle, sounding all the world like a gavel pounding on my sentencing.
“Trent came down with the measles two days ago, Alan; he’s been restricted in his room ever since.”
A flash of something malicious tugged at the corners of Mother’s mouth; she seldom smiled and it was a bitter thing when she did. Reflexively, I took a step backward.
Stupidly, I fumbled for another lie if only to delay the inevitable, “I didn’t mean Trent; it was Ralph…”
“Who is she?” Mother’s eyes were sparkling, I was caught in them like a deer on the highway.
I spoke the name robotically, “Valerie. Valerie Libidowitz.”
I never even saw her flinch, let alone reach for the phone. Mother swung the receiver into my cheek, connecting with my jaw in a resounding crack.
Smoothly she turned as the stars cleared from my vision, collecting the plates in a tidy stack and setting them on the counter. The platter, roast and all, was cleared into the trash can unceremoniously.
“I am never to hear of this girl’s name in my house again; you are not to go sneaking around with common whores behind my back. You will not bring shame or scandal down on this household.”
I took Mother’s berating without retort, no declaration of innocence. In her mind, my guilt was absolute.
“You are dismissed, Alan.”
My face still burning from the blow, I turned toward the dining room, passing by the now-empty table.
“Mind your manners, young man.” Mother called behind me.
I halted at the chair that used to belong to my father, “Goodnight, Sir.”

I got an ear-full at the window. Mrs. Rand ran a tight ship; seemed she wore the pants in the family, too. For all her ranting, Mr. Rand hadn’t made a peep. Okay. So, I had a bit of a mama’s boy on my hand, but nothing that couldn’t be cured by the intervention of another strong female influence. So Alan responded to assertive women. I could do that.
Next day, I made sure that I paired up with him in Physics. It was boring Newtonian stuff, but we were all given different assignments, and set off to different parts of the school to ‘experiment’. With our clipboards in our hands, Alan and I went off to clap at walls and measure the sound of the echo with a stopwatch.
Well, to say that Alan was evasive was an understatement. Each time I tried to insinuate myself into the experiment, he would wiggle out of reach, and still take readings. We were finished our experiment with half the period left, and he led the way back to the science department ‘to write up his results’. What a twat.
I decided to up the ante. I excused myself to the restroom, where I took off my bra, and stuffed it behind a stall. I unfastened a few choice buttons, then I strutted back to the empty class, and went for him.
Grabbing his wrists, I put his hands directly on my thin blouse.
“What do you think of these, Alan?” I asked, moving his hands around. I knew he could feel my nipples; they were as hard as erasers. He pulled at my hands, but I kept his palms on my tits, then I slipped one of them inside. Once actually on my flesh, he seemed to stop his objections and just kept them there. “Do you like these, Alan? All women have them; some big, some small.”
I fished at his zipper and he backed away from me. Luckily the long laboratory desk stopped his retreat, but he still didn’t take his hands out of my blouse.
Just then four of the class came storming into the classroom, and we got caught, not that I minded. Alan did though, but he made such a fuss of retrieving his sweaty hands, it made the situation worse, emphasizing rather than hiding what he’d been doing. The two girls made coo-ing noises, and the two guys just watched us extricate ourselves, hoping for a glimpse of my tits.
“They’re a bit like your mom’s, aren’t they?” I whispered in his ear as he went back to his paperwork. The look he gave me could have turned milk sour.

Home room on Thursday was insufferable. News of my earlier encounter with Valerie in physics class had spread throughout the school; a fact Valerie seemed all-too pleased with. She’d made a show of smiling flirtatiously, even winking in my direction all through class. Many of our classmates took notice; it never ceased to amaze me how quickly senior girls could be reduced to giggling seven-year-olds, especially when it was at my expense.
I made haste after bell to get to my next class, but Valerie’s freakish speed paid off for her again. She touched my sleeve as I pressed through the hallway.
“Aren’t you even going to talk to me, Alan?” her tone was a tease.
I kept my eyes forward, toward the sanctuary of Mr. Steam’s biology lab. If I could make it there, unscathed, the rest of the day should pass smoothly; dearest Valerie was a problem contained to only two periods of the day. I planned to keep it that way.
“It’s time to get to class, Valerie,” I clipped, no inflection in my tone.
To everyone’s apparent awe and my fervent humiliation, she proceeded to thread her arm through the hook of my elbow, smiling broadly. More than a few spectators, jaws gaping, craned their heads to watch the popular cheer-leader on the arm of the school whipping boy. For some of my acquaintances, Trent Coombs for one, this would have been a dream-come-true moment. For me, it was my worst nightmare.
Valerie brushed the knuckles of her hand down the purple blotch on the side of my face, “What’d you do, sweetie?”
“It’s not your concern.” I said.
“Of course it’s my concern; whatever happens to my Alan is my concern.” Her voice held the coo of a woman engaging an infant. I found it reprehensible to say the least.
Trying not to let my admonishment carry to the ears of our onlookers, I spoke in a near whisper, which Valerie seemed to have no trouble hearing.
“I am NOT ‘your’ Alan and would appreciate it if you would cease with this petty prank, Valerie.”
She more lifted and carried me rather than pushed me into the wall of lockers. Her lips brushed my ear as she spoke, her sweet-mint breath curled up my nostrils, dizzying me.
“This is no prank, Alan Rand. If I say you’re mine—then you are mine.”
Then she kissed me. Although her lips were sour and dry, her tongue darted into my mouth like an invading snake. Despite my initial reaction to flee, she intoxicated my senses like some cheap, distilled whisky. A gathering of students formed a horseshoe around us, some making whooping noises, others gasping in horror.
Leaving me breathless, Valerie released me from her kiss but lingered close to my ear, “So, don’t fuck with me; just accept it.”
I felt myself dropped to my feet as the bell rang and the students scattered like mice. Like the rest of them, Valerie, as well, vanished- nearly in the blink of an eye. Left alone in my disgrace, I stumbled toward biology class, hoping only to make it through the day without another such encounter.

“I think he bats for the other team,” I reported to Amos that evening.
“I’m sure you’ll be able to convert him, my dear.”
“The boy has an iron cherry; he’s not gonna let me pop it.”
“You’ve been awfully persuasive when you’ve needed to be, Valerie.”
Amos didn’t even glance up from his paper. He took a kingly puff off his tobacco pipe, the smoke curled around his bent head, burning my nostrils. Anyone who didn’t know my boss as well as I did might assume he didn’t care one way or the other. I knew better; Amos’s relaxed composure was simply his way of telling me Alan was my problem, not his.
He jiggled his glass in the air, the ice clanking like a toneless bell, “More whisky, Sheldon.”
Amos’s odd hand-servant jumped out from the shadows and began filling it at once. Sheldon’s dumb eyes seemed as free-floating as the ice cube. He saw to his task then faded away back into the wall.
“You see,” Amos said, sipping casually, “each of us has our job to do, Valerie. Sheldon’s is to see to my comfort and he never fails me.”
A disembodied voice cut over Amos’s, “Oh, no, never, Sir.”
Amos continued as if Sheldon hadn’t spoken, “Because failure to perform one’s assigned job is not an option under my employ. Nor is quitting.”
I took the not-so subtle threat to heart, remembering too clearly what became of the vampires that did fail Amos Blanche. My boss was not forgiving and punishment was both severe and permanent.
Without another word of protest, I left Amos to his paper and went to place a phone call.

Bereft of band practice to flee to, I made straight home after school, relieved only by the fact that Valerie hadn’t reared her head again throughout the remainder of the day. Despite my timeliness, Mother was still in an ill-temper as I spread my homework out over the table and dunked my head into my studies.
In a perfect posture, she lowered herself upon her chair, waiting in loud silence until I lifted my head to acknowledge her.
“Your father and I are very disappointed,” she began.
I looked to the empty chair, then to Mother, “I know. Again- I am very sorry for yesterday. It won’t happen again.”
She paid no attention to my apology, “I called Mr. Schuster this morning, Alan, and he gave me some very disturbing news.”
My mind reeled at what she might be referring to. It was little surprise that she had called the band teacher to verify that I had, indeed, shown for try-outs. However, since I’d been truthful in that regard, could not fathom Mr. Schuster would not have backed my claim.
I hesitated to ask, but saw no way around it, “What disturbing news?”
“That yet again you have failed to make marching band. A fact you kept hidden from me.”
“I did not intend to keep it from you, Mother; there simply was no opportunity to tell you last night.”
“Yes- since you were out running around with your little harpy- you left very little time for me or for this conversation.”
Suddenly, my pencil felt oddly heavy. My head ached. My nerves wore thin. I remembered the expression on Mother’s face from many years back- the night Father had admitted to a fleeting indiscretion with my fourth grade teacher. Father’s infidelity had worn grooves into Mother’s complexion; each crevice was severely deepened as I sat before her now. It was the face of a woman cheated. Somehow the baton of my father’s sins had been passed down to me.
I repeated the words I remembered Father saying as we sat at this same table some nine years ago, “There is no excuse for my actions. I made a mistake. It won’t happen again.”
The lines in her face did not soften. Her unforgiving eyes slid to the vacant chair across the table as if Mother was in silent communion with Father’s omnipresent ghost. I could only imagine Father’s voice in her head, pleading my case, begging for leniency. I knew there would be none.
It was the shrill peel of the telephone’s ring that stirred her out of that private séance. As she left to attend it, I felt the air in the room lift and for a short moment I could breathe again.
My reprieve was short-lived. Mother’s voice, usually so calm and measured, reached a crescendo as she berated the caller with accusations, insults and threats. There could be no questioning who the misfortunate party was; Valerie, my apparent mistress, had taken her little game to my front door.
Mother returned to the dining room with fire in her eyes and a metal spatula in her hand.

Alan Rand and his mother were quickly becoming a thorn in my ass. I slammed down the receiver, so hard the phone chimed a complaint. I’d never heard language like that coming from the mouth of a mid-aged, mid-class housewife. This woman was no Holly Homemaker; no wonder Alan was wound so damn tight.
I turned to find Amos had snuck up behind me, Sheldon at his side like a trailing mutt.
“Lovely woman,” Amos observed with a nasty gleam in his eye.
“You heard that?”
“It would have been difficult not to.”
“So, you see what I’m up against? You’re asking me to make a man out of some boy that’s still suckling from mama’s tit.”
Amos smiled like I was some pathetic simpleton, “Precisely, my dear. Once we get the nipple out of his mouth, he’ll be looking for another breast to latch onto. You see, Alan Rand is not the problem, Valerie; it’s the mother.”
“Am I just supposed to slit her throat or something?”
“I believe we’ll leave that job to Alan. Once we’re in his head, he’ll be more than anxious to stain his hands with her blood.”
I nearly came unglued, “I can’t get through to him!”
“You will.” Amos said, almost sympathetically, “You will get through to Alan and I will get through to Mrs. Rand.”
I tried to control my shaking before it became visibly noticeable. Amos had decided to become personally involved in the acquisition of Alan Rand? Not only did that mean Alan was more important to the Blanche “movement” than I could have imagined; it also meant I had scrubbed the job.
“Give me another chance,” I was practically begging, “I’ll get to him.”
Amos was cold, menacing, “We’re beyond that now, Valerie. After Alan Rand is securely under my control, we’ll figure out what do about your fiasco.”
Sheldon pressed his hand over a nasty giggle.
As they turned away from me, I swallowed my pleas and apologies. It was already too late.

“Your mom’s a real fire-breathing-dragon,” Valerie mused, leaning over me as I secured the lock to my bike.
I stood, aggravating the already-screaming muscles of my back, to find her smiling wickedly. I thought to rip my shirt open, expose the bruises from the lashing she had caused me. However, there could be little doubt my suffering would only excite Valerie’s cruel intentions.
“Please refrain from calling my house again.” I told her instead.
She slinked closer, “Mama’s gotta learn some time that her little boy’s all grown up.”
“My mother is not your concern.”
“Sure she is- if she tries to keep you from me, she sure as hell is.” Just like the day before, Valerie rubbed her hand over the side of my face, tracing the oblong bruise. Her fingers were cold but somehow soothing. “She did this to you- didn’t she?”
I went to pull her hand away, but she caught my wrist as stealthily as a frog’s tongue snatches flies out of the air. Valerie’s grip was a hard shackle, digging into my flesh. My disgust in the girl boiled inside me, rolling out in a barely-controlled form.
“You did this to me,” I seethed, “Why can’t you just leave me the fuck alone?”
A light came over Valerie, an epiphany, “Now I know why he wants you. It’s not your face, Alan Rand… it’s your nasty, angry little heart.”
I struggled against her vice-grip, but could not get free, “What are you talking about? Who’s ‘he’? Who wants me?”
She answered with a smile, “Meet me today behind the bleachers, Alan Rand. Immediately after school. Don’t be late.”
At last Valerie released my wrist. It throbbed to life as the blood rushed back into my hand. Even before the sharp, needling tingles subsided Valerie Libidowitz was out of eyesight, vanished as if she’d never been there at all.

I made sure Alan was tucked away in school and met Amos at the Rand house at ten a.m. sharp, per instruction. He was calm in his cruel, superior way. That didn’t bode well for Mrs. Rand or for me.
No sense putting it off. I walked to his car and tapped on the window.
“Good morning, Valerie.”
A pleasant smile greeted me. Amos was in a good mood. Why wouldn’t he be? The old son-of-a-bitch would never break a sweat over knocking around some old lady. She was easy pickings, and Amos was one twisted vampire.
“Are you ready?” he asked, getting out of his car.
I wasn’t even close to ready. Not that I could say that out loud. Ignoring the butterflies in my gut, I nodded robotically, “Of course.”
We walked up the drive and to the house. Already the vacuum was going and the smell of lemon disinfectant was thick on the other side of the door. The old broad liked to keep up appearances. I rang the bell. Alan’s mom arrived seconds later.
“Yes? Can I help you?” she asked.
“Sophia Rand?” Amos began immediately. “My name’s Corcoran. I’m a county school inspector, and we’ve had a report of your son, Alan, being involved in an incident; smoking at school.”
Her hands went straight to her face, covering her mouth. “Oh, there must be some mistake. Alan would never do such a thing.”
“Oh, Miss Abercrombie here was a witness, I’m afraid.” Amos was very convincing. “Would you like to invite us inside? Not perform the drama on the steps, so to speak; too many prying eyes.”
“Oh, yes, why don’t you come in, Mister Corcoran, and you too, of course, eh, miss?”
Passing her in the hallway, Amos dropped the act. “I’m not really a school inspector.”
“What?” Her face showed nothing but confusion as she let us walk past her.
“You will say nothing.” Amos said, speaking close to her face. She nodded meekly. Amos walked into the living room and sat in a large armchair.
“Time to bring her under,” Amos said, and I pushed Mrs. Rand towards him.

I kept my head down throughout the day, finding much relief in Valerie’s strange absence. From class to class I went, bothered by nobody and unencumbered by the trifling drama my affiliation with the homecoming queen had caused the day before.
By seventh hour, I felt nearly human again. I’d even been grateful for the burden of physics and calculus homework to keep my mind focused and occupied once at home. My satchel was delightfully heavy, even though it strained my aching back, as I made my way to my bike after school. I’d all but forgotten Valerie’s mandate to meet her behind the bleachers; not that I’d ever had any intention on showing up.
But, just like the meeting at Harvey’s Drug, my bike seemingly steered itself in the direction of the rendezvous point. Valerie was waiting for me, dressed in a slinky skirt, tight sweater and bobby socks. Her shoes had already been discarded and she took no concern what might be buried under the sand.
Dumbfounded at myself, I dropped my bike on its side and blurted out the question I should have known the answer to, “Why am I here?”
Valerie tinkled a laugh, “You’re here because I told you to be here. Now come sit beside me.”
I was drawn in by her command like a fish on a line. I knew Mother would be watching the very seconds on the clock, but it seemed I had no choice but to take my place at Valerie’s side.
“Take this. Drink it.”
She handed me an opened bottle of beer. I sipped its pungent flavor, nearly gagging.
“Don’t you want to know where I’ve been today?”
“No.”
“Paid a visit to Dragon Mama.”
My stomach churned violently; I thought for sure I’d be sick. Valerie motioned me to drink by the tilt of her head. Obediently, I lifted the bottle to my lips.
“Such a charming woman; we became fast friends.”
“You shouldn’t have—”
Valerie shushed at me. My mouth went instantly mute.
“Did you know that she still thinks your dead daddy is hanging around the house? Some sort of eternal penance for his worldly misdeeds from what I gather. Lovely Sophia believes your dad’s soul is some indentured servant, forever at her side, making up for screwing around with Miss Knickerson after parent-teacher conference.”
Valerie lost herself in an indulgent laugh, while I sat as unmoving as some petrified mummy. I could only imagine the expression frozen on my face.

“You will always tell me the truth, do you understand?” Amos patted his lap, and she shook her head violently. “Sit on my knee!” he snapped.
Deliriously, Mrs. Rand walked the three steps to close the distance, and sat politely down. She smoothed her skirt on her lap. It was all done in the best of propriety.
“Where is your husband?” Amos asked.
“He’s dead.”
Amos smiled over at me; I felt a shiver run down my spine. Alan’s dad was dead? It was another shortcoming in my part of the operation. I cursed silently. We weren’t just dealing with Alan’s psycho mother; we also had his dad’s ghost to contend with.
He stroked her back as if she were some scared kitten. Amos’s voice was very soothing; even I felt the hypnotic affect. I was a fly on the wall as Amos worked his magic over her.
“How did he die?” he asked.
“Silly bastard gassed himself after he had the affair with the schoolteacher; Kelly Knickerson. Well named, I’ll tell you. Seems her knickers were round her ankles quick enough.”
“Gassed himself?”
“Two cars running in the garage all night.” She looked at the door out of the living room. “Little coward couldn’t stand that I knew; couldn’t face me like a man would have done.”
“He couldn’t bear to live a lie- could he?”
Her dazed eyes became confused, “Living a lie?”
“The lie that it was you he loved, you he wanted. It wasn’t the truth of the affair you hated him for- was it? It was knowing that every night he laid beside you in your bed was a lie.”
Sophia’s expression twisted from one of a broken-hearted widow to that of a scorned lover.
“He deserved to die!” she seethed.
Amos smiled over at me conspiratorially.  It was to Mrs. Rand he spoke.
“And now you’ve been living with your own lies too, haven’t you, Sophia? Tell them to me…”

Mother had gone to great lengths to hide the family scandal, including launching a terror campaign against Miss Knickerson that ran her out of Littleton before the affair went public. I couldn’t fathom how she would come to confess her private humiliation to some campy slut that’d come calling for her son.
“She told me everything, Alan.” Valerie said, confirming that which I could not believe. “How Barney fell in love with your fourth grade teacher, how they snuck around for weeks until Sophia caught him red-handed at the no-tell Motel one town over.”
If Valerie held any sympathy for my childhood trauma, it was not evident in her recount of it. With callous detail, she continued through the history, watching me for reaction.
“Even after your father confessed and threw himself on Sophia’s mercy that old bitch was relentless; even brought you in their marital issues, made Daddy tell you everything. But, even falling from grace in his son’s eyes wasn’t enough for your mother- was it, Alan? For the next year she hounded him relentlessly; no matter what he did to make it up to her, your mother was bent on making his life a living hell.”
Valerie drank deeply from her own bottle, then grinned thoughtfully, “Poor, Barney. Poor, horny Mr. Rand. Wifey kept at him until she drove him right back into the arms of the other woman. I mean- why not? If you’re going to do the time you might as well commit the crime.”
She nodded toward my bottle. My elbow bent of its own accord.
“Barney wasn’t just fucking this lady either, Alan- he really loved her. And he paid dearly for that the night he told your mom he was leaving her. Sophia tells the neighbors he slipped in the garage and banged his head on the cement; and tells nobody how the next morning she tried to asphyxiate her little boy.”
The glass bottle clanked against my teeth, my hand trembling as I choked down the next swallow. And listened.
“I guess Sophia thought she could exact her final revenge on him by hurting you.”

“Your husband did deserve to die,” Amos said, matter-of-factly, “You gave him a good home, a good life and he tossed it all aside. The ungrateful bastard. And you loved him, didn’t you?”
She nodded.
“Why don’t you show me just how much you loved him?” Amos’s grin was purest evil.
Sophia’s face changed as Amos gave her the command. Initially, she looked confused, as if she couldn’t remember, then she began to smile. Her face seemed to shed the years like a snake, and she started to strip her blouse off, wriggling her ass on Amos’s lap.
Now Amos rules his minions by the use of sex and violence, usually together, but his tastes ran to younger girls than Sophia Rand. I wasn’t sure how he would reciprocate to her pushing herself on him.
It seems I needn’t have bothered.
When her bra was off, Amos simply used her. It wasn’t pretty, but thankfully it wasn’t as long as his usual exploits. By the end, all she had on was a rucked-up underskirt and a smile.
Sophia’s smile had changed though. Amos may have been untypically quick, but he hadn’t been gentle.
Then suddenly she stood up, puppet-like, and walked out of the room. Her smile had gone, replaced by something I couldn’t describe; it was just much colder. Puzzled, Amos motioned that I should follow her.
Sophia Rand’s bedroom was a tidy time capsule; photographs of her dead husband were everywhere, photos of the two of them together, one with him in a uniform. I could see where Alan got his looks from; this guy had been a bit of a hunk.
Sophia crossed to the bed, and pulled back the pink and blue comforter. She carefully picked up a pillow, and held it in front of her.
“Little shit.” She said under her breath. “Your turn now.”
I had to slip out of her way as she quickly made for Alan’s room, still clutching the pillow to her bare breasts.
As I followed her to his bed, I exhaled in shock. She pounced on his bed, holding the pillow down onto his, she cursed, issuing a constant litany. “Your turn now. Your turn now.”
The scales fell from my eyes and I suddenly saw it all. The dark secret from Sophia’s past, the reason for her resentment.

I tensed, even my heart did not beat, as I recalled that morning. Mother coming toward me, pillow held as a weapon. I struggled at first, fists pounding on the mattress below me, legs kicking. Realizing I could not fend her off, even through my terror, I forced my body limp. I held my breath for a very long time, until she removed the pillow and- without pausing to shed a tear for me- left my room.
There I waited until the police came, running out of my sanctuary and into sight of my now-hysterical mother. The display of emotion abruptly ceased as she took in the sight of me. The authorities had seen me as well. Alive. For what they could tell, unharmed. Mother’s opportunity to blame my demise on Father had been missed, his body stretched out and covered on a gurney wheeling toward the ambulance.
I was safe. For the moment.
Valerie considered me the way one would a caged hamster, “With breeding like yours, it’s no wonder why Amos thinks you’d be a great addition to our ranks.” She sighed, bored by my trivial tragedy. “Anyway. Mama Dragon’s not going to be a problem for you anymore, Alan. She’s been… neutralized.”
I gasped back to life, much the same as the day Mother suffocated me. My ears filled with pressure as the blood raced to my head.
“Don’t worry- she’s not dead. She’s just been given a new perspective on parenting.”
At last my still tongue loosened, “What did you do to her?”
“All I did was listen,” Valerie said with an absent shrug; it was then followed by an unctuous grin, “I thought about doing you a favor and end her despicable existence but Amos thought that was a job best left for you to do.”
“Amos who?”`
“Amos Blanche, Alan. Your new daddy.”
Though the name held no meaning for me, its sound sent a shiver down my spine. Some odd intuition told me it was a name I’d better not forget.
“He’s still with her- Amos is. Thought she was deserving of a bit of… corporal punishment.”
I felt my jaw fall slack. Valerie responded to my parochial reaction with a nudge of her elbow into my side.
“C’mon, Alan, a sadistic shrew like your mom is probably enjoying every twisted, painful second of it. And she’ll be alright; may walk funny for a few days but other than that…”
Images of my mother, violated in such a fashion, flooded my mind. I wanted to race to her aid, defend her honor and mine, but found myself firmly planted on the sandy bed beneath the bleachers.

“Sophia!” I clipped, watching her with the pillow. “Stop that, right now. Come through to the living room.”
It took her many seconds to cease pressing the pillow onto poor Alan’s bed.
I followed her back to Amos, who had thankfully straightened himself up. “There’s more, Amos. She’s hiding something.”
Amos walked up to her, and literally breathed up her nostrils. “Tell us the truth, Sophia. Not what you think you remember, tell us the total truth.”
She turned to him, but her eyes were not focusing.
“Sophia.” Amos said quietly. I’d never seen him so intense. “Strip away the lie that you’ve believed for years. Tear down the story that you’ve told your friends, your family.” His voice was so quiet, he almost breathed the past part. “Forget what you told the authorities. What actually happened that night?”
I expected emotion, but her face remained calm. “He came back from that woman. I could smell her on him, even through the whiskey on his breath.” She glanced at the door to the garage. “He said he was going to leave me.” A sneer fleetingly passed over her face. “But he was never leaving my house again. I was going to see to that. I had to keep him here. He sat on that chair, and told me he loved her. Told me!” she almost screamed the last, pointing at the chair in which Amos had used her.
“I had to keep him here.” She walked to the chair. “He liked whiskey, so I fed him more; I poured it down his throat. I didn’t even undress him; I wanted him fully clothed. I opened his flies and sucked his… thing… that night, just to keep him hard. Just to keep him interested. I tasted her there too.” Sophia casually strolled to the door to the garage. “Then I sat on him and fucked him as he drank the whiskey I poured into his glass. He might have loved her, but that night he fucked me.” Her face turned suddenly peaceful. “It’s amazing how knocked out a man will get after sex and alcohol. It was no problem to drag the bastard to the garage.”
She stopped, then slowly her hand came up to her mouth. It was as if she’d faced the truth for the first time in years.
“I laid him on the cement and started up both cars.”
Her hand fell to her side, as she looked at the opening to the bedrooms.
“He was there.”
“He was where, Sophia? Who was there?” Amos said, his face animated, as much caught up in the story as I was.
“Alan was in the doorway. He’d seen it all.”
I stood, breathless, letting the import of her revelation settle on me.
“Sit down, Sophia. Say nothing, do nothing.” Amos commanded quietly.
We looked at each other.
“What a story.” I said, at last having seen the complete family dynamic. “No wonder Alan’s fucked up. If he saw everything, the sex, the whiskey, the car.”
“And then she tried to cover it up by murdering her only son,” Amos said with an obvious appreciation for the demented woman.
I shook my head. “It’s a wonder he made it through at all.”
“He’s perfect.” Amos said. He stood up, and crossed to Sophia. His hand caressed one breast, then the other. “She’s perfect.”
Then he turned to me.
“Valerie, get to Alan, get him a bit heated up. Give me a couple of hours, then bring him here.”
“Yes, sir.” I was out of there like a shot. I didn’t want to know what Amos was going to do to that poor woman, but looking into my darkest soul, I had a good idea. And it wasn’t going to be pretty.

Valerie’s hand found my thigh, groping in a harsh yet slow massage. At least I had the self-possession enough to flick her away.
Her responding laugh was bitter and degrading, “My god, little boy, do you even know what thing between your legs is for?”
Valerie leaned over me, pausing only to saturate my senses with her inebriating breath, “I’ve been sent to show you. Like it or not, your first lesson starts now.”
She worked her fingers over me, stimulating the appropriate reaction, and tugged the zipper down.
“Wow. Not such a little boy after all. I might just be able to have some fun with you after all, Alan Rand.”
She descended upon me. For a moment I was paralyzed once again. Valerie’s ministrations produced sensations in me that shut down my mind; I was all body, driven by the desire of my flesh. Yet, as my senses returned, disgust in her and the violation of me overwhelmed any other sentiment.
Just as Mother dealt pain to cower me, this profane creature used pleasure to dim my wits, control me. As Valerie turned her head to expectorate, I grabbed hard to the back of her hair, crushing my beer bottle against the bleachers. With one jagged edge, I gouged into her jugular, letting her blood ark in a terrific spout, then and dropped her head to let the rest drain into the sand.

Well of all the dirty lowdown tricks I’d ever witnessed, I’d never had one like this; neck stabbed while giving head. I looked at my watch. Thankfully only an hour had passed, but more to my constant gratitude, my body hadn’t been discovered. That would have put the cat amongst the pigeons.
I looked around; no sign of Alan.
I set off for the sports building; I had to find a mirror, find out what damage he’d done.
The changing rooms were quiet, and to my surprise, he’d only cut my neck once. It was a deep scar and still pretty red, but I knew it would heal very quickly.
I whizzed to Alan’s house, and found Amos in the car outside.
“You’re early,” he said it like an accusation.
I flashed my new injury, “He got away from me.” I quickly told Amos of the beers behind the bleachers.
That earned a delighted smile from my boss, “Very, very good. You’ve earned your pay for the day after all, Valerie. Our Alan may be immune to your charms but you’ve managed to un-cage the beast within.”
Dirty, haughty bastard. I wondered if that’s what this had been about all along. Just to stir Alan’s survival instinct, Amos had seen fit to put my neck on the line, literally.
“He’s coming now,” Amos said, glancing in his rearview mirror.
I crouched behind the driver’s side but I needn’t have bothered; Alan was distracted beyond belief. There was blood on his shirt, and on his arms and sleeve. As he threw his bike onto the lawn, I’m not even sure he had his zipper pulled up.
If it hadn’t been my own murder I might have felt some semblance of sorrow for the boy. But I’d had his come in my mouth when he’d tried to cut my head off with a jagged bottle. I was still a little pissed.
I got up to make my way to the house. Amos waved me down.
“Give them a few minutes,” his smile was horrific, “there’s about to be a family reunion of sorts and we shouldn’t deny Alan his last moments with his dear mother.”

I walked through the door to find Mother sprawled out over the living room floor. Her dress had been discarded; only a clinging slip shrouded her from the waist down, damp and torn at the seam the entire length of her thigh. The stench of her defilement hung over her like a cloud. Her favorite strand of pearls snapped from around her neck, the little beads littered all around her head.
“Mother!”
I shook at her until she stirred, eyes fluttering open as if coming to from some drunken stupor. She rose to a sit, taking no care to cover her exposed breasts or even seeming to take notice.
“Alan?” she breathed my name like she barely recalled it.
“Yes, Mother.”
A smile, one broad and affectionate, played across her face, “How was school?”
Mother rolled to her knees, dragging herself up to stand by aid of the sofa. There she stood for a long moment, clutching the couch for support, until her vertigo passed. Turning toward me, her eyes roved over my blood-stained garments.
She giggled, “You’ve messed your shirt.”
I peered down the length of my body, red blotches had soaked through the fabric and dried it to my chest. I’d urinated myself and there was a tell-tale trail of wet running down my inner thigh. By her passive acceptance, I might as well have been covered in grass or mud.
“Did you win?” she pressed, still smiling.
The word sounded foreign, “Win?”
“Whatever sport you were playing to have gotten you in such a state.”
Sport? A shadow of a memory flashed through my mind, it seemed more like the remnants of a dream; somewhere back in my childhood there had been a time when I’d been allowed out to play like the other boys. As I recalled, I’d had an aptitude for street hockey.
“Yes, Mother,” I lifted my chin proudly, thinking of my opponent lying dead under the bleachers, “I scored the winning point.”
“Good for you, Ally! Keep it up- someday you’ll be great!”
“Yes, Mother, someday I will be.”
I stood in awed fascination, reunited with the mother I had known before Father’s betrayal snatched her away from me. Indeed, she seemed to see me as the youngster she used to dote over. Even her words of empty encouragement denoted the resurrection of a woman long-dead.
Mother stumbled toward me, “Come on, now- off with those dirty clothes. We’ll get you put to rights before your father comes home and sees your mischief.”
She winked at me, a willing accessory to my deception.
“Yes.” I agreed stupidly, “Father would be displeased if he found me in this condition.”
It was a strange play we were performing, and yet here was I stripping my clothes when she stood in front of me, almost naked. Mother tapped her foot playfully and waited as I stripped down to my underwear, holding out her arm like a butler while I hung my ruined shirt and trousers over it. I wondered at how long she would scrub at the bloodstains.
“Good. Now get into the tub and be quick.”
I was about to turn down the hall, when the doorbell announced a visitor. I froze in my steps, wondering if anybody might have seen me pedaling home, covered in blood. Wondering if Valerie’s body had already been found.
Still half-naked, Mother scampered to the door excitedly. I remembered a time when she would delight in company. It seemed that old enthusiasm had returned.
A diminutive man, gray of hair, stood in the doorframe. Even from where I stood, his presence bespoke a power his small frame could not account for. Without invitation, he side-stepped my mother, his crinkled face displaying great pleasure in the awkward circumstances he’d found us in: each of us nearly naked, reeking of dried-on fluids.
“Have I interrupted a family bonding moment?”
Mother seemed oblivious to the man’s incendiary jest. I, however, took the full brunt of the insinuation. I felt the heat of embarrassment flush my face.
“Forgive my crudeness,” he said, coming further into the house, “I don’t believe you know who I am. Of course, your mother and I have already met.”
A flash of confusion lighted Mother’s eyes. Only then did I fully realize that for her, the last nine years had never happened. Even the abuse she’d suffered earlier in the day had been wiped from her mind. There was no doubt left to me who this man was.
I spoke his name as if his coming had been prophesized, “Amos Blanche.”
Another form pushed past my loitering mother, “But, you can call him ‘daddy’.”
Valerie stood at the man’s shoulder. The hole in her neck had healed, leaving only a star-shaped scar; even that appeared to be fading before my eyes.
“Yes, baby, it’s me.” She leered.
The old man checked her with a wave of his arm. Valerie seemed to fade as quickly and completely as that scar. He wasted no time getting to the reason for his visit.
“Do you know what your strength is, young man,” Amos asked, motioning for me to come forward. Despite my embarrassment at my state of dress, I couldn’t help myself from complying. “It’s your hatred- hatred of all that lives and breathes. It was that hatred that kept you alive the morning your mother came to kill you; the same hatred that stabs at the throat of a helpless girl that just wants to suck on your dick.”
Amos motioned for my mother. Like me, she answered to his bidding without pause.
“Problem is, boy, your hatred has no place in the human world. It sets you apart, makes you an outcast. In their world, your hatred is your downfall. In my world, it will elevate you to heights you could never dream of.”
He turned toward Mother, “Fetch your best knife from the kitchen, Sophia.”
Without hesitation, she dropped the bundle of clothes to the ground and trotted away, her breasts bobbling as she went. I watched her go, knowing whatever was going to happen I could not prevent it.
“She’s really very affable now,” Amos said delightedly, “I’m sure we’ll find her quite docile throughout these proceedings.”
A moment later, Mother returned with a carving knife. It was a blade I knew well as it had been shoved under my chin on more than one occasion; most recently for tracking dirt over the freshly-steamed carpet.
Mother stood expressionless, silent and still as a mannequin, posed in a straight posture with the tip of the knife pointed downward.
“Sophia,” Amos said dispassionately, “give the knife to Alan, please.”
With a bemused expression, she handed the knife over.
“Alan, would you like to plunge the knife into her abdomen?”
I shook my head.
“Not after all those beatings?” Amos approached me. “Not after she’s slapped you, beat you, whipped you?”
It seemed that every one of the scars on my body began to hurt simultaneously. I was beginning to boil, and Amos knew it. He was pressing all the right buttons, and I was allowing him.
“Go on. If you want to, you can get your revenge now.”
I gripped the handle tightly, and placed the tip just above the elastic waist of her slip.
“Go on, Alan; be a man.” He was now so close, his breath buzzed in my ear. “Revenge for years of battery. Revenge for putting that pillow over your face. Revenge for murdering your father!”
I pushed hard, and was amazed at how little resistance met the blade. I thrust the length of it through her soft belly. Her face grimaced at the pain but she did not cry out. Blood poured from the cut, soaking into her cream underskirt.
“You see,” Amos said empirically, “hate makes such heinousness possible, leaving no room for mercy or reason for justification.”
Amos rounded on my mother, “Again, Alan.”
I dislodged the knife only to repeat the infliction in a fresh spot. At Amos’ silent prodding, I did the same twice more. Her usual grace abandoned her as she pulled herself from the blade, and slumped onto the sofa. Blood now flowed onto the blue flowery pattern.
Amos smiled over my mother, folded in half and bleeding, as if letting me in on some inside joke. I dropped the knife onto the carpet. It splashed blood in tiny spherical droplets.
“There is no limit to what you can mete out if the measure of hatred within you is great enough,” Amos said to me, “And I believe that you have such a degree of hatred inside you that you may just invent new ways inflicting pain that even I could not fathom, Alan Rand.”
The sound of my full name spoken aloud washed over me in a bizarre, calming tide. Like Mother, still hunched over in that compromising position, I was under a spell. As I took in the measure of her, bleeding and leaking, I felt as though a chord had been snapped, detaching me from her suffering.
Amos waved his hand out to Valerie, presenting an offering, “This one is yours, Alan Rand, to do with as you please.”
Like a lamb to the slaughter, she stepped up, disrobing.
“How do you want to take her?”
I, too, moved forward, stopping only long enough to pick the knife up again.

It wasn’t nice, and it wasn’t pretty, but I’d put up with worse from the old guy standing watching. Alan Rand wasn’t anything on Amos yet; probably never would be. I was half enjoying it when he started with the knife. I remember hearing Amos talking one day; ‘that which kills us makes us stronger’. I believed it then. I had to.
To give myself willingly to the slaughter took a lot more than I’d thought it would.
To my relief, after he’d started with the knife, darkness fell quickly.

“She won’t stay dead, you know.” Amos said, standing over me as I admired my handy work.
Valerie’s corpse lay in a bloody heap on the carpet. I had allowed her to pleasure me as my first cuts tore through her abdomen. Yet, it did nothing to stifle my arousal once her dead fingers released their grip. I took everything away from her then; all her beauty, her charm, the very breath in her lungs. Only the promise that I could soon do it all again brought more satisfaction.
“Do you know what we are, Alan Rand?”
I smiled, “You’re monsters. And I’m one of you.”
Amos’ appreciation was evident. As Mother laid dying, and Valerie reviving, we gathered at the table for a cup of tea and a long conversation.
“Sit here,” I said, pulling out the chair that had once belonged to my father, “It’s the place of honor.”
In silent rapture, I sipped and listened intently to Amos Blanche’s account of vampires, the intended uprising, his rise to power with me in his wake. My neck ached for his bite; the promise of it stirred in me urges Valerie could not begin to.
Amos must have detected my excitement, “If there is anything that concerns me about you, Alan Rand, it’s your lust for power.”
My teacup clanked and fractured as it slipped from my astonished fingers, “I don’t understand. I thought that’s what this was all about- dominance, power…”
“No, Alan,” he shook his head disappointedly, “this was about violence; violence for its own sake, an outlet for that hate you harbor.”
“Violence is power.” Even to my own ears I sounded like an impetuous child.
“It is only one form of power; the type of power a small boy wields as he holds his magnifying glass over the ant hill,” Amos poured another cup, “but, I see in you that you would never be satisfied with such useless endeavors; you and I are of one soul, Alan Rand- we both desire power over the minds and wills of others. Something, I believe, we each inherited from our disdainful mothers.”
I stole a glance toward the sofa. Mother issued another soft cry, blood now trickling from her mouth. It wouldn’t be much longer. So, I returned my full attention to the more important matter at hand.
“I should think you would appreciate such a shared trait.” I said diplomatically.
Amos’ brilliant eyes regarded me shrewdly, “Not where it might interfere with my plans, young man.”
“I would never move against you!” I pled, hoping he could feel my sincerity from across the table.
“To be certain, I will make sure to put certain safeguards in place.”
“Safeguards?”
Amos lowered his cup, his posture changing from conversational to business, “I will change you myself- a practice I usually reserve for tender females, such as Valerie here. In so doing, you will become my personal possession, Alan Rand; you will be beholden to me for the remainder of your existence and utterly incapable of disobeying my will.”
My body became charged with eagerness, “I wouldn’t disobey you now, Sir. Use me as you like- I will follow you until the end of time!”
“I know,” he said tiredly, “and it is such a waste to make a promising ram into a meager sheep. All the same- you will serve me well.”
Amos rose and I followed. Mother had stopped moving, her bowels had already expended their last and the faint cries had gone utterly silent.
“We must move quickly before she expires.”
I shrugged frivolously, “I believe she already has.”
“There’s still a slight pulse; I can hear it.”
As I bent low, straining to hear what he did, Amos advanced on me like a lunging tiger. His arms clamped around my midsection, his fragrant breath in my face, I fell limp like a lover in heated embrace. It was ecstasy as his fangs sank into my throat, suckling the blood from my artery. I never wanted the moment to end.
As I grappled with my arousal, Amos pulled away from me and offered up his own wrist. It was the taste of sex and violence and power, everything Amos Blanche had promised me.
I drank while my mentor grappled with his own arousal. Once both my need was satisfied, Amos turned me again toward my mother.
“Drink from her quickly. Feed. She doesn’t have much time.”

I sat in the corner of the room, nursing my newest cuts, determined that he’d not take me like that again.
Alan was imploring Amos to turn him, to transport him to immortality.
He was sickly sweet, and Amos was lapping it up like a thin, disheveled puppy dog.
I know that Amos turned me, all those many years ago, and that I was beholden to the thin wiry man, but I lost something that afternoon, and it wasn’t just Alan’s use of the knife.
As the two got down to the carnality of the ritual, I lost interest, instead taking in Sophia’s bewildered expression, as she too looked on.
When my boss forced his own blood down Alan’s throat, forming their bond, part of my beholding to Amos died quietly.
As Alan severed his mother’s throat, and sank his mouth to the crimson wave, I closed my eyes.
Now for a FREE bonus; the first four chapters from Vampire High School (Book 1: Gregor Academy)
If you enjoy our books, please give us reviews wherever you buy your paperbacks and eBooks. It only takes a minute, but gets your views out to thousands of prospective VHS readers.

Why not go to http://www.vampiresdontcry to check out new releases, and other fun stuff we do.

Thanks. 




Chapter One
The Visiting Cheerleader

(Present Day, Gregor, Arizona.)

It all started on Friday evening; football night.
The first high school game of the season, the excitement ran high, and there were kids milling around everywhere. The visitors, nearby Everton High, hadn’t arrived in numbers yet, so the area was a sea of white and crimson. Flags, jackets, shirts, balloons; we had it all. The Gregor Academy marching band rehearsed near the main entrance, doing dips and the well-rehearsed shimmies, the final practice before taking to the field at the start of the game.
I knew my best friend, Alan McCartney, marched somewhere in the middle; he’s first clarinet. Great guy, he’s got a bunch of the greatest friends, and he plays clarinet and guitar. Girls melt at his feet most of the time. Everyone wished they were Alan.
I’ve known him for just over a year.
The school band wears white with burgundy trimmings, (Mrs. McCartney always complained about washing Alan’s uniform) and the white uniforms shone like fresh snow in the early floodlights. I stood, waiting for the cheerleaders who normally followed the band; I mean, a guy’s got to have some entertainment in his life.
The band turned, doing a boogie version of the school’s anthem, (Go Hawks!) when the music slowly fizzled to silence. The band began to run in all directions, like someone let off the stink bomb of a lifetime. The musicians evaporated from the center out, and I just watched in fascination as some stampeded towards me to safety.
I jumped up on a low wall and clung one-handed to the black lamppost like that guy in “Singing in the Rain.”
When the rout died, standing alone on the concrete were Alan and a visiting cheerleader, in a way too tight embrace.
Snogging like dervishes.
Well, at first I thought they were kissing. She had her back to me, and I couldn’t see much of anything at all.
(I heard later that she marched with him, holding his hand down her top; so he wasn’t playing much clarinet. Then she got kinda passionate and started to drill his neck).
So there they were, standing in a crazy, tight embrace. She had one hand rubbing his crotch, while she feverishly chewed at his neck. This chick had the cutest butt you’ve ever seen, long blond hair - everything a guy could want. And her butt wiggled as she munched on my best friend’s neck.
I began to get a wee bit jealous, when I suddenly knew something wasn’t quite right. In fact, it felt as wrong as it could possibly be.
Alan dropped his clarinet - his pride and joy. His folks had paid a fortune for it.
The ebony tip hit the concrete with a loud ‘popping’ sound, and shattered, sending shards of black wood and silver parts in all directions.
Then the cheerleader turned around to face me. Her mouth and lips were covered in blood, and her teeth shone a bright white. As she turned, I saw Alan’s neck. Man, no matter what stain fighter Mrs. McCartney used, she wasn’t getting that color out in a hurry.
“Mandy,” I hissed, remembering her once visiting the school. I didn’t know her full name, but I knew they had an off-and-on thing going on.
My best friend’s white tunic hung in shreds from his bare shoulder, and a mass of the deepest red spread from his neck to his balls. The blood stain got worse as my mouth opened, and arcs of deep ochre pumped rhythmically from his neck, the dark red pulses flashing in the spotlights.
“Help!” I roared, but it did more harm than good. Hearing my cry, Mandy let Alan go, and he fell to the ground like an empty suit.
Mandy caught my stare and flashed me a fleshy-bloody grin, then ran off as fast as her pretty legs would go.
Man, her tits bounced real good.
Yeah, I know I’m going to take some ribbing for that observation, but there are a few facts to learn before jumping to the wrong conclusions about me.
My name is Lyman George Bracks, but due to a mop of shaggy ginger hair, everyone calls me ‘Red’.
It’s the ultimate teenage curse; worse than zits or halitosis. Yeah. Laugh now, but you don’t have to deal with it every day.
I do.
I know I’m destined to never get to first base with any girl anywhere, because they’ve already been warned off by their friends for even thinking about dating a ‘ginge.’
Yeah, laugh.
So, yes, I did check out Mandy’s tits as she ran away.
I waited ‘til the last of the retreating bandsmen had passed, then I ran to Alan’s side. I knelt down on the grey stone and lifted his body onto my lap. The blood still pumped from his neck, but not with as much pressure as before, and I knew that wasn’t a good thing. I looked around, and gasped; so much blood already spread outwards from his body onto the concrete. I put my fingers on the wound, and pressed as hard as I could. Despite my pressure, it still surged through my fingers.  
“You’ll need replacing in the band,” I joked through my tears. “When your throat’s ripped out by a visiting cheerleader, you’re not likely to be returning to the Gregor Academy marching band. At least not anytime soon.”
Go Hawks!
I thought of the opponents from Everton High, a town ten miles west.
I lifted my eyes to see the crowd gathering round me. A hundred cell phones were dialing 9-1-1. My voice trembled. “Man, this is going to put an edge on the age-old rivalry.” 
~  ~  ~
Hi. My name’s Mandy. Mandy Cross.
Being a vampire’s not necessarily all fun and games. Sometimes it kinda sucks. Pun intended. First of all - you’re technically dead. Secondly - you have to eat your friends. Thirdly - after a couple snack attacks, you don’t have too many friends left. Least not the human ones.
And if that’s not bad enough - then to be a vampire and have your unbeating heart ripped right out of your chest, thrown to the ground and marched over by some fanged Don Juan…
If you’re buying into that fire crotch’s BS about Alan being all Mr. Wonderful, then you’re just as lame as he is. Pick up Gregor Academy (Vampire High), turn it upside down, and shake. Not one of the jerk-offs that falls out will know the real Alan McCartney like I did.
The guy was a total douche.
And he had it coming. If you just skip over all the chapters written by that effing red-headed retard, I’ll tell you the for-real story. Of course, if you like being a loser, then skip my parts and listen to the Ginger-bred Man, the King of Loser-Town.
BTW—he totally checked out my rack as I ran away. What a geek.
Last summer turned out to be a very rough time for me.
I should have been a senior at Everton High this year; the school for regular kids; the ones who haven’t been forced to drink vampire blood, killed, and then came back to life.
Like I said…last summer was not a good time. I’d spent my junior year being all into this total jock named Craig. I was seriously in love with this guy; we did it and everything. But, as soon as summer hit, he hooked up with some other chick and like, totally just blew me off.
BTW- that other chick just happened to be my BFF, Cami. Spoiler alert: Cami is now fish food.
That was one of the things so totally awesome about getting in with a real-live vampire. Alan was all, “You don’t have to take s-h-i-t from anyone; your soul is already gone, so it’s not like you can go to Hell or anything.”
But, it’s not like I just went, “Oh, cool. I’ll become a vamp so I can tear out Cami’s throat.” In fact, it took a long time for me to make that decision. Not that Alan didn’t work overtime to try and convince me it was worth the gross blood-sucking and even getting bitten. Seriously - that dude was so stoked up on plasma half the time, who knows if he really believed what he said.
His VH buddy’s gonna try to tell you Alan was all cool and stuff, such a nice vampire and wouldn’t hurt anybody. Like I said before, though, I’m the one who really knew him. He’d jump through my bedroom window at two in the morning and have red Kool-Aid stains all over his face. Except it wasn’t red Kool-Aid. We pretended, so I wouldn’t totally hurl. But, for real, it was… feline blood. Yep - that a-hole drank cats! One of my cats even. Mr. Stinky; may he rest in peace.
That’s how Alan and I met, in fact. I felt so depressed that summer that I couldn’t sleep like, at all. So, I’d go out to the gazebo in the middle of the night and just kind of, you know, chill. One night I sat there, ironically, reading Vampire Diaries by L.J. Smith, when I heard a rustling in the hydrangeas behind me.
I dropped my book and ran for the back door. I don’t know why I did this - total brain fart - but, instead of running inside, I just flicked on the flood lights and stood there like a dum-dum.
I made that kissing sound you call cats with. “Stinkmesister, is that you, baby? C’mere, Stinkyson…”
I watched in like, total horror as my sweet little Persian came limping out from behind the hydrangeas. Two stumbling steps later and he fell over, dead as a dodo. I freaked and then launched into some weird Superwoman mode.
The rake just, like, leant up against the house so I grabbed it and went to town on the bushes. I swung, and hit something that couldn’t have been bush. Next thing I know, this dude is like, popping up from behind the plants, blood all over his face and holding up his hands like I was gonna arrest him or something.
“Okay! Knock it off,” he said.
I totally slugged him with the metal part of the rake. The pointy things went right into his temple and he dropped. I felt so pissed about my cat that I didn’t care; I went to Mr. Stinky and tried CPR.
Of course, Mr. Stinky stayed dead. But the guy with the rake for a face didn’t. He crawled at me like a snake, all yellow-eyed and bleeding. Then he grabbed my ankle and bit. It only took a little blood for him to heal.
Anyway, that’s how Alan McCartney and I met for the first time.
~  ~  ~
The cops were called of course, I mean, a hundred-piece marching band has at least fifty cellphones tucked in pockets and bra cups, but that kind of stuff takes a while to arrive. I knelt in the growing pool of blood and held him and cried. I could tell by the sea of white trouser legs that the rest of the band had gathered back around, but there was no, “Let’s do what we learned in First Aid.” That bitch had hit a big artery, and I couldn’t see a way back.
Alan lay in my arms, either very dead, or dying before our eyes.
Trust me, for all my inattention at first aid classes, I felt certain.
In two minutes he’d bled out totally. I knelt in his shiny red-ochre, and probably ten others stood in the same growing pool.
Then, bursting through the silence like a firework on the Fourth of July, Grant Porteus hit the first notes of ‘Last Post’ on his cornet. I knew it would be Grant without looking up. Alan was pretty well liked, and Grant was the kind of guy who knew instinctively the right thing to do - always.
For all the hundred or so kids on the concrete, you could have heard a pin drop as Grant’s plaintive tune rang out into the evening.
The ambulance eventually came. Its siren pierced the silence, and the band parted reluctantly to let the paramedics through.
They didn’t attempt resuscitation, though, they just nudged me out of the way, wrapped him up, lifted the body onto a gurney, then left.
The police came and like school kids all over the country, the band kind of dispersed, standing in guilty groups, most having nothing to say.
A few did something very strange, and they all did it in the same way. In the midst of all this weirdness, it got suddenly weirder.
They bent down to the pool of blood, ran their forefinger in it, and licked it clean. I counted them; six altogether. I knew them all; counted them as quasi friends; friends by association with Alan, no more.
I didn’t ask. I just observed. But I took mental note of the names of ‘the six.’
Soon, a cop tapped me on the shoulder and asked me questions.
“Mandy something,” I answered. I wanted to mention her tits, but I just closed my eyes and remembered them.
“Do you know her?”
“She came to school once.”
“Here? To Gregor Academy? When?”
“Last week. I don’t know.” I must have looked like a real wacko, but he took my name and told me they’d be back for more questions later. “Alan spoke to her. That’s all I know.”
With the front of my shirt and my jeans all covered in his blood, I kinda wandered around aimlessly after that.
“Tonight’s Game is Postponed,” the big electronic scoreboard read ten minutes later.
I looked around for a friendly face, but found none. Girls were crying, but each of them seemed to have someone with them, and I wasn’t bold enough to intrude.
I looked for ‘the six’, but they were conspicuous by their absence.
In the depths of my loneliness, I decided to go home. I set out for the gate. I walked past the school sign when I spotted Dorothy Squires sitting on the curb. She’s one of our cheerleaders, and sat so low, her knees were high in the air, her already-short skirt bunched up at her waist. She wasn’t crying, but she looked pretty beat-up.
“You ok?” I asked.
Okay, I’d blurted out the dumbest thing, but I wasn’t really expecting an answer anyway, she’s a cheerleader, and they don’t talk to the likes of me.
She looked up at me and presented a grim smile, lips closed. Then she stuck her legs out onto the road, and smoothed her skirt down. It was too late for that kind of modesty; I’d already seen her white knickers lots of times on the field. She’s a cheerleader for goodness sake.
“Hi, Lyman,” she sniffed, then pointed up to my bloody clothes. “You’re covered in his blood.”
Lyman, the name hit the back of my brain in microseconds. She hadn’t called me ‘Red.’ No one called me Lyman, except grown-ups.
“You need anything?” I asked, hoping a grope wasn’t out of the question. I had nothing else; no cigarettes, no gum.
Dorothy got unsteadily to her feet. “You guys were close, huh?”
My tears started without warning. I felt a fool until she came close and hugged me. I was bloody from head to toe, but she still pulled me close. Not to lose a chance to feel those goodies against my chest, I hugged her back, but the tears didn’t stop, even though I wanted them to.
My friend had just died, and here I stood, getting farther with any girl ever. And Dorothy Squires was a cheerleader!
She held me, then, stepping back, looked up into my eyes. Man I thought we were going to kiss. I moved forward like the awkward geek, and she instantly held a waving forefinger in the air between us.
No kiss then.
She shook her head slightly, but for some reason I focused on the swaying finger.
Yes, it was the bar to our kiss; but it was more.
Her nails were manicured, her fingernails varnished white.
But under the nail, arcing back and forth like a metronome, winking at me like a sliver moon, lay a wet ridge of crimson.
The white-nail part had been licked clean, but under her fingernail, Dorothy Squires had Alan McCartney’s blood.
~  ~  ~
Okay. Back to me - Mandy.
There are lots of things humans think about vampires that are just totally false. Let’s get them out of the way right now.
First myth: Vampires like, totally “disintegrate” in the sunlight. Give me a break. Really? You’re telling me that you believe if this supernatural predator came at your throat, all you’d have to do is raise the shade and kill it off?
Not so much. Vampires troll the nights when they need to feed only because we’ve got amazing see-in-the-dark vision and humans don’t. It’s much stealthier to catch prey that can’t see you back. But yeah, we can totally come out during the day, too.
Oh…and garlic. Kind of one of my faves, people. Especially with pasta and mushrooms. So, that’s another myth I’d like to shoot down. Crosses don’t burn us. We don’t wear black capes, we don’t have unfolded wings on our backs, or turn into bats.
All that’s totally bogus.
I’m doing you a favor by telling you all this, by the way. I mean - I could just let you clutch your garlic and wait for the sun to come up then snatch you as you bend down to get your morning paper. So, now you’re not really any safer but maybe a tad wiser.
So…after that totally bizarro introduction…
Alan started coming to see me. A lot. He kept saying stuff like, “I’ve never met anyone like you before.” I totally thought he meant ‘cause I’m so smart and all that; but, turns out he was just really into my ass.
Not to be stuck-up or anything, but I did gymnastics for like, eight years and then cheerleading for three; so yeah, my ass is pretty killer. And, I have to admit, I dug the fact that this vampire dude was into me.
Mom used to tell me all the time that I have some “bad boy complex.” Like, whatever, Mom. Rolling eyes.
Anyway…he’d been coming around for a couple weeks. We’d sit in the gazebo under the moonlight, listening for cats. That dude could hear something like a block away. When he got one, I’d just have to close my eyes and pretend I was in the rainforest or something. Once he’d gotten all fed and mellowed out, we’d have some really nice conversations. 
I remember one of those talks like it happened yesterday…
“Mandy?”
I’d been waiting out there for a while. Right when I was about to give up, Alan came.
He had this really sexy voice. It sounded like violins playing through the pouring rain. Dreamy-like. When I heard it, I felt suddenly warm.
“Hey,” I replied. “Thought you would never show up.”
”What is it you humans say? Wild horses couldn’t pull me away?”
I felt confused. “I never say that.”
In addition to that melodic voice, Alan had an angelic face. Kinda round like a baby’s - but his eyes were deep and intellectual. I could tell he’d already fed plenty that night ‘cause his cheeks were super pink and his lips rosy and glossy. Kissable for sure.
“What kept you?” I asked.
“Just some vampire business to take care of. You know how it is.”
“Nah. Not really.”
Just then he kinda brushed my bangs out of my eyes. He had an icy touch but his skin felt so soft. I remember him tracing my mouth with his finger. I thought at that point he was going to finally kiss me. Instead, he got all sullen and just stared out to space.
“You’re lucky you don’t,” he told me. “Things can get a little gory on my side of the fence.”
“What? Did you like, kill somebody tonight or something?”
I forced a laugh into my words, but deep down I really dreaded the possible answer. Alan turned me on; I can’t even begin to lie about that. But, truthfully, he kinda scared me, too.
My question caught him off guard. He looked at me with this like, challenging expression on his peaches-and-cream face.
“What if I had, Mandy? What would you think of me then?”
I got all sick to my stomach. I totally didn’t want to give off the vibe that I was super down with this killing-people racket. But, I also didn’t want to piss off a vampire. So, I played it cool.
“You’re a vampire, dude…I guess that comes with the territory.”
His glaring look became a lot less intense. “I hate to say it, but sometimes it does.”
“So…is that what kept you? Did you…kill somebody tonight?”
Alan’s cool eyes got real narrow and he pulled his gaze from me and stared down at the ground. I was scared for sure; but, I also just felt really bad for the guy. I mean - what must that be like? Having to kill people just to survive?
I put my hand on his shoulder. “It’s okay. Whatever you’ve done…”
And then the big dork shot this fangy grin up at me. “Gotcha, sucker! It was midnight madness bowl - unlimited games from eleven to two at Ten Pin. Me and the guys dominated the alley.”
That kind of pissed me off. I mean, I thought we were having a bonding moment. So, I swatted him on the head.
Of course, it wasn’t until afterward that I realized I’d just like, totally hit a freaking vampire. Seriously- I almost wet myself. Luckily, he laughed.
That’s when we started to get all cuddly; for the first time he really put his arms around me and it felt awesome. We were quiet for a while. Probably would’ve been best if I’d just let it stay quiet, but I can be a dork that way. After a while I asked the question that had been floating around in my brain.
“So…have you? Ever killed a person, I mean?”
He didn’t really say yes or no; kinda danced around the subject if you ask me.
“Death is just one more state of being, Mandy Cross. A mortal losing their life is no more tragic than a caterpillar turning into a butterfly. It’s not gone; just turned into something else.”
“You mean if I died you wouldn’t be even a little sad? You just be all, ‘Oh… there goes Mandy; now she’s a butterfly.’”
Alan laughed. It sounded like those  wind chimes that are made out of seashells. “Don’t you worry about that, Mandy Cross,” he told me. “When you’re ready to become a butterfly, I’ll be the one who teaches you how to fly.”
“What do you mean? Like me becoming…one of you?”
“If by ‘one of me’ you mean immortal and invincible, then yeah. I mean - if given the choice…why wouldn’t you?”
“What about all that ‘gory side of the fence’ stuff?”
“I was screwing with you! Trust me - if you ever really want to learn how to live, you’re gonna have to learn how to die first.”



Chapter 2
The Gregor Six

I went around to Alan’s house the next day just to say ‘hi’ to his mom, but I couldn’t walk up the path to the front door. I stood for a few minutes, tears welling up in my eyes, looking at the hundreds of flower bunches tied to the white fence, then I left.
It was all very sad.
I still had a couple of Alan’s CDs and felt guilty about not returning them, and I had one of his, you know, girlie magazines. Well-thumbed, handed down for years.
I hung around our coffee shop, either to get a private moment or to meet Dorothy Squires. I’m not sure which. Either one would’ve been good in my book. Whatever I was there for, it didn’t happen, and I had to go home on Saturday night alone.
My mom made macaroni and cheese with bits of bacon and onion, just the way I like it, with sliced tomato on top. I knew she’d done it just to comfort me, but I didn’t care. I loved her mac ‘n’ cheese.
But whatever happened over the weekend, I still had the image of Dorothy Squires’s bloody finger. Whatever strange club they belonged to, suddenly ‘the six’ were seven in number, and I felt determined to get to the bottom of it.
Monday at school, we were all given a speech at assembly, then the nearest and dearest got a roster of times to be at the school nurse’s office; seems like a grief counselor had been brought in, and we were ordered to attend.
I went through the morning classes with little thought. Cafeteria lunch headed towards a similar mediocrity, until Squires approached my table.
“Can I sit down?” she asked.
It was quite the honor to get a cheerleader at your table, and I dreaded the imminent grief counselor, and I would take any distraction. “You’re a cheerleader, Dorothy,” I said sarcastically. “You can sit anywhere you like.”
She waltzed past my chagrin and sat down anyway. “How you doing, Lyman?”
Her breasts giggled when she sat, and I must admit, I looked around at the guys looking at me enviously. “I’m fine, Dorothy. It’ll just take time to get used to, not having a best friend anymore.”
“Yeah, Alan’s a hoot.”
Wow, she still spoke of him in the present tense. Man, that just sounded weird.
I allowed my lunch to get cold, just sitting opposite her. I felt I could almost get a hard-on watching her talk. Dorothy was a very pretty girl, not shallow-skin pretty, but real nice.
A bona fide girl-next-door.
I can’t remember much of the conversation, really. But I know when she left, she touched my hand and it sent shocks of electricity into me.
We had a date.
Coffee; six pm that night.
At my allotted time I sat outside the nurse’s office waiting for the grief counselor. When Billy Tankard came out, as white as a sheet. He nodded to me, “Red,” but breezed off without further comment. I shivered slightly, Billy was a member of ‘the six/seven.’
“Next!” A shout came through the open door. After I’d sat down, he said in a very bored voice, “My name is Marc Brennan. I’m here to offer you counseling regarding the recent events at Gregor Academy.”
Go Hawks.
Marc Brennan turned out to be not your typical grief counselor. For a start, the lights were out and all the shutters were closed against the bright daylight outside. It was pretty dim inside. “Lyman Bracks?” he read from a sheet.
“Yes, sir.” I had no idea that people could read so well in the dark.
“Lyman, were you a good friend of Alan’s?”
“Yes, sir. We were the best of friends.”
He leant back and suddenly pulled the shutters open. I blinked at the unexpected light, but just about fell back off my chair when Marc sprang forward, looking carefully at my eyes.
“You can tell a lot from a reaction to light,” Marc said, but I stared at his manic look, unconvinced of his motives. “Grief manifests in a myriad of ways.”
“You don’t say.” Ok, it wasn’t the most polite answer, but he was behaving very weird.
“Hot flashes?”
“No.”
“Feeling depressed?”
“No.” I paused. “Apart from my best friend being ripped apart and bleeding to death all over me.”
“Hmm. So you rushed to his aid?”
“No one else did. He died in my arms, and Everton bitch Mandy fuck-stitch was no-where to be seen.”
“She’s the one who….”
“Ripped Alan’s neck off and left him to bleed to death!” Anger grew within me. I was getting a little pissed at this man pretty quickly.
“And how do you feel about that?” He sat back in his chair, as if he’d just asked the golden question.
But his look of triumph slipped past his straight face, and I suddenly ‘got it’. I’d been played like a violin. We’d got to the point where I’d break down and ask for a hug.
He looked into my eyes for the great answer, the one that would prove from his ‘myriad’ of textbooks if I was grieving correctly or not. I decided that I wasn’t going along with his little play, and determined to de-rail the process.
“Man, she had good tits.”
He looked at me up and down, shook his head, then handed me a business card.
“Get out.”
I even smirked as I left the office.
For the first time in my life, I’d been ever-so-slightly badass, and it had been so much fun.
~  ~  ~
Alright…I’m going to fast-forward a couple weeks to July ninth. Alan and I had been just hanging out in my backyard up ‘til this point. Lots of talking, absolutely no necking, and definitely nothing more interesting than that.
That night was a big deal to me ‘cause of the party at Jackson Cole’s house; the first time any of my friends had remembered my existence since Craig dumped me for Cami. Not that Jackson and I were tight or anything, but we moved in the same circles. His party would prove as good an “in” as I figured I would get for a while.
If I intended to face my senior year with any dignity, I had to show my face at Jackson’s house. Besides, I felt pretty sure that if Angelina Hanklin and Myra DeSuza were around, I could totally start a rumor that Cami gave Craig syphilis and have it spread all over town by dawn. The rumor, not syphilis.
Only thing - I didn’t want to have to go alone. So I figured, what better revenge than to show up with some hot, mysterious guy from another school? Everybody’d be all like, “Whoa, who’s that?” and “Check it out - Mandy’s totally moved on and traded up.” I could even play Alan off as a college guy and get away with it. I mean, since he’s a vampire, he’s definitely way older than me anyway.
So, we got to Jackson’s house around ten-thirty. Alan had to make sure he’d sucked down a couple cats so he wouldn’t be tempted by a roomful of drunken teenagers. But, that was fine; I didn’t mind being late ‘cause then I didn’t look desperate to be there. It all worked out.
Everything was pretty much as I figured it would be when we walked in. Lucy Crain had her tongue hanging to the floor, drooling over my date. Same with Jennifer Spivy and Della DiMaggio.
Alan played it so cool, too. As soon as he noticed them gawking, he offered me his elbow. I hooked my hand through it and we totally floated right past them like they weren’t even there.
When Jackson Cole came up to us, it all got a bit weird. He virtually ignored me, and got all bro-mantic with Alan.
“Hey, man, what’s going on?” Jackson said to Alan, and then they did that fist bump thing.
Alan became a total “dude” at that point; it got annoying. “Hey. Same ol’ shit. Nothing new…”
Like, seriously? I stood right there holding his arm, and last I checked, I qualified as something “new.” Whatever. I just stood there and listened while the two of them exchanged a bunch of words that said nothing at all. The conversation ended as weirdly as it started, though.
“See ya around, man,” Jackson said, then another fist bump.
That wasn’t the wildest part. Next thing, Alan got like this super serious - I’d even say intense - look on his face. Then he leaned into Jackson. I got interested at this point but had to strain to hear ‘cause Alan kept his voice all low n’ stuff.
“Don’t be a stranger, Jackson Cole. Remember - there’s a place for you at Gregor. It’s where you belong.”
Jackson looked all offended for a sec, but then changed his face into this blank smile. Obviously not a real smile, but rich kids in Everton are pretty plastic most of the time.
“I’m doing just fine where I’m at,” he said back to Alan; then he just scooted off into another room.
I was curious, so I stuck my nose in Alan’s business. C’mon, who wouldn’t?
“What was that all about? How do you know Jackson Cole? Far as I know, his family only moved to Arizona a year ago…”
Alan gave me this really sharp look, like the matter was not open to discussion. It actually felt a little terrifying. Vampires can be real assholes when they don’t want to talk about something.
But, Alan being Mr. Cool-n-Smooth, in the next instant he totally chilled. That pretty smile of his came back; but it didn’t look all that much more genuine than Jackson’s had.
“Let’s go outside. The smell of hemoglobin is starting to choke me.”
I followed him through the house. He held my hand and practically dragged me but, nonetheless, I got off on all the sideways glances. Personally, I dig that kind of attention. Before I knew it, we were at the sliding glass door that led to Jackson’s (a-freaking-mazing) backyard.
“How you doing so far?” he whispered, opening the door to the back patio.
“So far, so good.”
That’s what I said, but inside I turned to Jell-O. I mean, Craig and Cami were bound to be lurking around somewhere. Seeing them together might just throw me completely overboard - y’know?
Alan totally got it without me having to say anything. “Don’t worry about a thing, Mandy Cross. This is your night.”
He swept his hand and motioned for me to step out first. I did; and it felt like falling down Alice’s rabbit hole. I felt sick and dizzy and all that. But, there was nothing I could do about it - they’d seen me, too.
Craig and Cami were sitting on the edge of Jackson’s pool, dipping their feet in and snuggling up all close. Soon as I spotted them, Craig slid like six inches away from Cami and looked down at his feet.
A little late for that. The cat had kinda already sprung out of the bag. Loser.
Then, as my ex-BF and ex-BFF were sitting there, pretending they hadn’t seen me, Alan stepped across the threshold and up to me. He put his arm around my back and kissed my cheek. You should have seen how Cami’s eyes popped out of her head! It was classic.
After that I felt a lot more in the groove of things. I went right up to the pool, directly across from them, plopped off my sandals and copped a squat, stirring up little waves with my kicking feet. Alan snatched a couple beers from a cooler and joined me.
Cami got up and left. Craig followed after her like a wimpy little puppy. I remember just sitting there, grinning to myself. Then to spoil my euphoria, Alan kind of shot me down.
“So…that’s it? That’s all you wanted to accomplish?” he asked me, all judgy and mean.
“Yeah. I know Cami. It’s totally pissing her off right now to see me happy. I mean, she’s probably not even into Craig; just likes the idea of taking something that belonged to me.”
“In my opinion, if she’s really that kind of person, you’re letting her off way too easy. What do you think? Now Cami’s gonna spend the rest of her life regretting that she crossed you? Please. If anything, she’ll just dump Craig and invite me skinny-dipping just to outdo you again.”
I knew he was right. Cami’s favorite thing to do was humiliate me. I think that’s why we were friends in the first place.
My mom used to tell me, “Keep your friends close and your enemies’ way closer.” Cami was the closest enemy I’d ever had.
“So, what do I do then?” I asked. “I mean - just once I’d like to be the one who comes out on top. Maybe I could get Craig back from her…”
Alan looked like he felt embarrassed for me. “You’re thinking like a high school girl, Mandy Cross. C’mon…you’re better than that, aren’t you? Think long-term. How could you get back at Cami so bad she’d never recover?”
I put all my brain energy into coming up with something big - bigger than stealing her boyfriend. Bigger than syphilis.
“Well…there was this one time we were drunk and she totally tried to kiss me; Cami totally has this lezbo side to her. I pinky-swore I’d never tell, but desperate times call for desperate measures…”
I left out the part where I kissed back; that didn’t seem important. I wasn’t gay, after all; just wasted.
“Um…that’s good if you want to give every guy at this party a serious boner. But again, think long-term. I bet you can do better.”
I gave up. “Seriously, dude. I don’t know what you’re getting at. Just tell me - how can I get back at Cami in a monster way?”
Alan pointed at something over my shoulder. I turned my head to find Cami and Craig going at it on a blanket not ten feet from me. She totally rubbed his thingy and then grabbed his hand and put it up her shirt. It felt like somebody had just thrown sand in my eyes, and like a retard, I couldn’t even look away!
My heart just shot out of my chest. My hands were balling up into tight little fists. I could feel the blood rising to my face.
“Pay attention to what you’re feeling right now,” Alan told me, drilling into me with those intense eyes of his. “You know there’s only one way to get her back for what she did to you. Your body knows, but your mind keeps blocking the thought out.”
The words totally bypassed my brain and came right out of my broken heart. “I’m going to fucking kill her.”
Alan smiled. “Now you’re getting it.”
~  ~  ~
“Did he do the sudden light thing with the blind?” I asked her.
Dorothy nodded.
Everything had been going fine ‘til then. I bought the coffees, and we had a small, cozy table near the back.
“Yes, he did that. I don’t know why.”
“He acted pretty pissy and weird to me,” I began, “talking about what we are supposed to go through. I still think the whole counseling thing is hogwash from the start.”
“I know what you mean.”
Somehow the subject got changed, and we talked about music, and sports, and the ethics of cheerleading. Harry Potter. The whole thing turned out to be quite a fun time.
Then her phone went off.
She looked at the number. “Sorry. I do have to take this.”
She got up and went quickly outside, where she had an animated discussion for a few minutes. She came back in with a sheepish grin. “I have to cut this short. Sorry, Lyman.”
I wanted to scream, “NO!” but I just smiled, and said, “Hey, rain-check, right?”
“Of course.” Then she leaned down and did something that had never happened before. She kissed my cheek and smiled at me. Smiled.
A girl had kissed my cheek. And it wasn’t my mom. Hell, she wasn’t even related to me!
And then she had gone, walked right out the door.
The world seemed to go out of focus for a while, and I didn’t care. I looked round the room, but no one had noticed. Bummer.
I went home that night with a spring in my step. It was only ten blocks to my house, and I’d pass Alan’s. Maybe see his mom. As turned the last corner, I seen a huge moving van parked outside. Men were taking stuff into the van already. I walked up the path, and looked in the open front door. “Mrs. McCartney?” I yelled.
“Not here, son,” a rugged man yelled from the kitchen. “She’s already moved her clothes out, we’re following tomorrow.”
“Moving?” I balked. I thought it way too soon to be moving. “There hasn’t even been a funeral yet.”
“She couldn’t stand the idea of being here one moment more,” he said, coming towards me with a large taped box, marked ‘kitchen.’ “She took off this morning.”
“Where to?”
“Florida.” He looked at me for a second, then a penny seemed to drop. “Are you Lyman?”
I stood, shocked into silence for a second. “Yeah, Lyman Bracks.”
“Excellent,” he said, passing me to hand the box to a guy already up in the back of the truck. “I have something for you. Mrs. McCartney labeled it.”
Rather than follow him, I just stood at the doorway. When he returned, he carried Alan’s Fender guitar case. He held it up to let me see. The label definitely said Lyman Bracks, with my address.
“I was going to deliver it, but since you’re here.”
I took the handle, and sure enough, it felt heavy enough for the guitar still to be inside.
“Thanks,” I said meekly, but he’d already walked away.
I suddenly felt very sad. I stood in this bare-walled, echoing house; no goodbyes, no hugs. No, ‘Take care, Lyman’ - nothing.
I turned from the empty walls and walked back down the path to the sidewalk. A girl knelt by the gate, propping up a small bunch of roses.
She stood up. “You’re ‘Red’, aren’t you?”
I looked at her. Gregor Academy uniform; white blouse, white cardigan, short burgundy skirt. From somewhere I recalled her details. A junior, and although I knew she was relatively new to the school, I’d definitely seen her before. She also looked pretty, cute eyes, nice legs, after putting it all together, she kinda had everything.
“Yeah. Who’s asking?”
“Mary-Christine Muscat.”
“Like the wine?”
“That’s me. You were a friend of Alan’s, weren’t you?”
“Yeah. How did you know him?”
“Oh, I’m on clarinet. A bit down the food chain from Alan, but I’ll probably get a place on the band because of this. It’s just awful.” She brimmed up, and I just stood there wondering what the fuck I could do to get out of there fast. Then she took a step forward and hugged me.
An inch or two shorter than Dorothy, but, man, she smelled nice.
In my head, I thought, “Alan had to die to get me some attention?” Then my body started to react to this sweet little number. I pushed her away slightly - mostly because I got the beginnings of a boner. Man, I was in a bad way.
“I’m sorry, Red.” She wiped her tears with her sleeve. “You can walk me home if you like.”
“Where do you stay?” If anything, I felt just a little annoyed at her presumption. I had been in the middle of a grieving moment.
“Just around the corner from you. Cherry Avenue.” She took my hand and began to walk. I had to follow to keep my hand on the end of my wrist.
But I was holding the hand of a very pretty girl. I even sneaked looks around to see who could be watching.
“We just moved here from Milwaukee last month.” She smiled up at me, and damn, she had a nice smile, too. I hadn’t noticed that before. “My dad works for Unicorps.”
“Wow,” I said, genuinely surprised. “So does mine!” Unicorps was one of the bigger industrial employers in the town.
“Cool.” She walked jauntily beside me. “Do you play?”
“Play?” I must have looked like a complete dick. I walked along the road with a Fender Telecaster guitar case, and wondered what she meant. Dummy. I couldn’t play any more than two chords. The guitar thing had always been Alan’s.
“Yeah, like a musical instrument… the guitar, duh!”
I gave a feeble grin. “I just got it today.”
“Wow, cool!” she gushed all excited for me. I couldn’t bring myself to tell her it used to be Alan’s; although the idea of another hug tempted me.
She stopped, took one step to the side, one step up. Seems we were already at her gate. I fleetingly wondered where the time had gone.
She turned. Because of the short step, we were suddenly at eye level. We still held hands, real close.
Oh, God, I suddenly realized that it was serious kiss time. She looked directly into my eyes, obviously waiting for me to do something. This had never happened before, but then again, I’d never walked with a girl holding my hand before.
It was kiss time, and I wasn’t ready, I awkwardly held a guitar case in one hand, and had a case of five thumbs for the other.
She grinned, leaned forward, and came right onto my mouth. Nice kiss. Then at the end, she dipped her tongue between my lips, like a snake tasting the air.
I felt quite overcome. Strawberries. Despite her not eating anything on the walk home, her mouth and lips tasted of strawberries. And her tongue had been the sexiest thing ever to happen to me.
Mary-Christine walked up her driveway, looking over her shoulder, grinning like a Cheshire cat. She’d done her part, she’d hooked the fish. Now all she had to do was reel it in.
Oh, and in case you were wondering; I felt under no illusion, I knew I was the fish. And if she’d reeled that moment, I would have gone willingly.
~  ~  ~
Please. Give me an effing break, people. I mean - haven’t you ever said you were going to kill somebody? How many times have you really gone out and done it? I’m guessing like, zero. And if you’re reading this on Death Row, then hey, you’ve got my sympathies.
We’re fast-forwarding again - this time, only a couple of days.
I’d left Jackson’s party a complete spaz.  I bawled and cussed people out; I wrote “Cami’s a ho” on the wall with my fire engine red lipstick. Seriously - I’ll never be invited back to Jackson’s ever again, and he’s the only dude I know with a pool and a hot tub. So that really blows.
But, anyway…Alan walked me home. Usually at this point, a friend would be trying to calm their (justifiably) upset friend down. Only Alan just kept whipping me up more.
“You’re just going to let her get away with that?” he said to me. “That’s so chicken shit. That girl just completely humiliated you back there; first she shit on you and then she rubbed your nose in it. And you’re just gonna freak out and run away with your tail between your legs? Fucking pathetic, Mandy Cross. I thought you were better than that.”
I’d been plucking leaves off low-hanging branches as we walked. I dunno - it’s just something I do. After Alan said that, I took the whole bunch and threw them in his perfect little face.
“Go to Hell!” I shouted.
That’s when he gave me the most messed up look I’d ever seen, and got all mocking, “I’ve already been to Hell and back again. Good people, good food. If I thought you could handle it, I’d bring you there sometime. Too bad you’re just a messed up little drama queen; all claws and no scratch.”
Right then, Alan just kind of vanished on me. It wasn’t like zappo he vaporized. More like he just moved so fast my mortal eyes couldn’t keep track.
I stood, stamping my foot, kinda pissed, I mean, he could have done something to calm me down.
Then he didn’t call the next night; I admit that I did wait in the gazebo ‘til three. The next night, I gave up by midnight and went to my room.
I lay under the covers, already in my PJ’s, when I heard a tap on my window. This was pretty freaky since my bedroom’s on the second floor. But, Alan clung to the house like a spider with one hand and knocked on the window with the other.
It stood open and he could’ve swung in anytime - or so I thought. So, I didn’t even bother getting out of bed. I just stared him down from across the room.
“Aren’t you going to let me in?” he asked.
“Duh…it’s open. What do you want, an engraved invitation?”
Alan smiled all big and happy. “Just a verbal invitation would be fine.”
I crossed my arms over my chest like a pouty little girl, “You can come in.”
He did that super-fast-moving thing again; super-quietly, too. Seriously, he could have been a freaking feather.
“Don’t you remember anything from Vampire Diaries? I can’t come into a home unless I’m invited.”
Okay, I’d forgotten that part, but it wasn’t like I’d actually paid much attention to the freakin’ thing. It thought it just a dumb book; at the time I didn’t know I was reading a manual for how to live around vampires.
“Interesting how you had no issues getting into Jackson’s house the other night.” Okay - I decided to pry again. So sue me.
“I’ve been there before; dinner parties n’ such. The McCartneys and the Coles go way back. Like…way, WAY back.”
I think my heart pretty much froze up at that point, “What exactly are you saying?”
Alan gave me a cute face and shrugged all innocently. “You can never be sure who your neighbors are.”
“So…Jackson’s a…”
I totally freaked out. That seemed to make Alan mad. He got all huffy.
“Yeah. Say the word: vampire. And so am I. So what?”
“So…nothing.” I said, “Pardon the crap out of me, your highness. I’m not used to the idea that people who live two blocks from me are the living dead.”
He backed off after that; kind of made fun of me a little. “Now you’re thinking of zombies.”
“What’s the diff? I mean, vampires aren’t really alive, right?”
Alan sat on the edge of my bed. The small light from my bedside lamp gave off just enough of a glow to make his flawless face dreamlike.
“Depends, Mandy Cross. What’s your definition of ‘alive’?”
I pulled my answer right out of my ninth grade biology book: “Something that grows, moves, and eats.”
“Okay. By that description you’re saying that an amoeba is more alive than I am.”
“If the definition fits…”
“Yet- I think. I have emotions and opinions…a sense of humor; an amoeba has none of that. Sure - the amoeba grows; that’s something I’ll never do again. As I am now, I’ll be forever. But! I do move, Mandy Cross…” He came in really close to me; I could feel his lips on my throat as he spoke, “and I certainly do eat.”
I felt like I couldn’t breathe, overwhelmed with this total sense of dread. Like any minute he could just sink in and drain my life away. I wouldn’t be able to stop him. What’s weird, though - it also proved to be a kind of turn-on.
“And an amoeba couldn’t do this.”
Alan brushed his lips up against my neck with the softest, most delicate kiss. I instantly wanted more - a lot more. But that’s all he gave up just then.
My head felt all foggy, like I was drunk. He noticed.
“That’s vampire pheromone,” he told me, obviously enjoying my loopy-ness. “Helps to sedate victims; makes them a bit more willing.”
“You should bottle it.” I rubbed my eyes until tiny stars burst in them, “It’s good stuff.”
Again, Alan got super close to me. This time, I inhaled all my lungs could handle of the sweat-perfume coming off his skin.
“Mandy Cross,” he whispered.
His breath curled around my senses like a net. I was snagged and being pulled in.
“I could make you do anything I wanted to right now.”
I felt about ready to beg him to let me do all kinds of stuff to him when Alan backed completely off. My whole body tingled…especially down there. Seriously - I’d done it eight times with Craig and he never had me close to being that worked up. Now I knew why guys got so pissed off when girls “teased” them.
So, I figured I’d take matters into my own hands. I dropped the spaghetti straps of my nightshirt down and slipped the top to my waist. Alan looked at my naked breasts like you’d look at a painting in a museum - nice…but no touching.
It seemed I sat there for ages while he just scored me with his eyes.
I felt humiliated. I pulled my top back up.
“Okay. So, you didn’t come here for that. What do you actually want, Alan?”
“I want everything I just saw, Mandy Cross…and more; and I want it with you,” he told me with this really serious tone. “But, you’re mortal.”
I felt really pissed. “What’s that got to do with anything?”
Alan made for the window. He dropped a nice little bomb on me before he leapt out, though.
“Don’t you see? To me, you’re the one who’s less than an amoeba.”



Chapter 3
Conflict of Interests

I didn’t sleep much that night. I lay on my bed and imagined Dorothy’s breasts on my chest, then Mary-Christine’s. I got so worked up, I had to masturbate.  I woke up around two in a cold sweat, the dream of them both together still so fresh in my mind. I couldn’t help it; I did it again that did it. I fell asleep immediately afterwards, totally exhausted.
I mean, I had a case of female overload. I awoke a mess, tired, listless, and when mom suggested I take a day off, I resolutely refused and sleep-walked round the corner to the bus stop. Well, who stood there but perky Mary-Christine.
That sure as heck woke me up.
We chatted the whole way about school, and music, and television, and celebrities; it proved quite a mind meld.
My first class was English, and Alan’s empty desk sat next to me as a reminder to us all. I tried to put all negative thoughts behind me and spread out a bit and wallowed in my stud-ness. I handed in my homework, and breezed through ‘til lunch. Dorothy sat next to me again, and I caught Mary-Christine out the corner of my eye, sitting with friends.
It seems that Dorothy’s major dialogue centered on cheerleading, and considering her being a year older, talking to Dorothy kinda paled in comparison to Mary-Christine’s conversation. But Dorothy definitely had the better tits. Well, from what I could see at least.
We arranged to meet at the coffee shop again, at six, and she’d make sure that no one would phone this time. I decided to go straight home at three-thirty and change. I mean – this was our second date and I was still dressed in school burgundy.
I chose a nice leather jacket and, at the last minute, pulled a black wool hat over my red locks. I looked in the mirror; all in all, quite a change from the red-headed geek.
I set off down the road, my head in the clouds when I heard a call behind me.
“Lyman!”
I turned to see Mary-Christine.
She came bubbling up to me and gave me a peck on the cheek. She smelled of strawberries. “Where you off to?”
“Coffee shop.”
“Cool. Can I walk with you?”
Okay, come on. She didn’t ask if we could go together, she just asked if she could walk with me. What could I say?
Well, we reached the coffee shop in good time, chatting easily all the way, and were fifteen minutes early. I kind of leant against the wall outside, and Mary-Christine stood with me, still bubbling, still perky. We were standing next to a kind of sticky-out window, sort of hidden from the street in a way, and out of the corner of my eye, I saw Dorothy walking our way. With a guy.
“Crap,” I said under my breath, looking at Mary-Christine, then Dorothy again.
Mary-Christine followed my gaze. “Are you here to meet her?” Mary-Christine asked. “You sat with her at lunch.”
I turned, expecting a slap or a fit of pique or something. She just giggled, and pulled me into the wall, out of sight of the approaching couple.
Well, my body pushed Mary-Christine into the wall, and every bit of my body felt her presence. She grabbed me by the collar and pulled me closer.
“This is fun,” she hissed, and started planting kisses on my lips and nose between more giggles.
It might have been fun for her, but I stirred, like, down there.
Mary-Christine was still kissing me when Dorothy got real close. I heard their footsteps and the sound of conversation.
“…don’t care. It can’t be that difficult.” I recognized the guy’s voice as Jim Creary; one of ‘the six/seven’, so automatically already in Dorothy’s friend group.
“I don’t want to,” Dorothy replied.
Mary-Christine had stopped laughing, and eavesdropped too.
“We don’t care, Dee,” Jim said in a hissy kind of way. “We need to find out what Alan saw in him. There must be some reason he kept him around.”
“But, Honey, I only want you.”
“It’s only a kiss, Dee. Do it and find out what he tastes like. We’ll know more then.”
She paused. “Okay. Only for you.”
“That’s my girl.”
Then a silence, which could only have been a kiss. Then I heard the coffee shop doorbell go, and assumed she had walked inside.
Their whole conversation had been an eye-opener, if ever there was one. For some unknown reason the ‘seven’ wanted to know about my ‘taste’, and although I kinda liked the idea of being kissed by Dorothy, I didn’t like the idea of being used.
I looked down at a silent Mary-Christine, expecting to have to explain the whole thing, but she had a serious look on her face.
“Don’t go in there,” she said. “Stay here with me.”
Oh crap, I thought. Jealousy had reared its ugly head within two days of me having two girls…marvelous.
“I mean it, Lyman. Don’t go in there. She’s going to kiss you and taste your blood; that’s not good.”
“She’s going to kiss me, not bite me.” I tried to pull myself away, but she still held on tight to my jacket collars.
I struggled with the whole situation, and it probably showed.
I thought of Dorothy licking Alan’s blood, and now Jim Creary wanted her to kiss/taste me.
So, I gave myself a shake, and I did what any red-blooded male would have done.
I went for the biggest tits.
“I gotta go in, Mary-Christine. I said I’d be here,” I hissed at her. “I can’t stand her up.”
“Fair enough.” With a theatrical flashing of her fingers, she let my collars go. “Your funeral. Just don’t let her kiss you.”
I turned, and Mary-Christine grabbed my hat from my head. “Disguise.”
My red hair erupted on my head like the biggest afro in the world.
With more regret than I thought I’d be feeling, I walked through the coffee shop door.
The date actually turned out to be good fun, considering she’d pledged herself to Jim Creary just minutes ago. We chatted for a while, and I caught a few glimpses of Mary-Christine outside doing the shaky finger “don’t do it” sign, and tried not to laugh.
“Do you want to walk in the park?” Dorothy eventually asked.
“Sure,” I replied.
I enjoyed her machinations in a detached way, watching her maneuver her way to holding my hand, then sitting on a park bench, then going to kiss me.
I wanted to stop her and asking why she wanted to taste me, but when she got close, and breathed on me, I lost all will to say ‘no.’ I slipped my hand round her waist, feeling the underside of her breast on my arm. Within seconds we were necking, our tongues diving into each other’s mouths. I felt utterly intoxicated by her.
Then, suddenly, she bit my tongue.
“Ow!” I yelled, and pulled away.
Dorothy screamed.
I ran my tongue round my mouth a bit, and it seemed to be all there, but she’d bit it hard. I could taste the blood in my mouth.
Dorothy, on the other hand, did not react the way I’d thought she would. After the scream, she jumped up, holding her mouth, spitting on the sidewalk. “It burns, dammit!” Then she spat at me. “That burns, you bastard!”
I saw Jim come running up to us. He didn’t look in a good mood. “What the fuck happened here?” Dorothy pulled him back from me. “What happened, Dee? What did he do?” he almost snarled at me.
“It burned, Jim,” she seemed close to tears. “It burned.”
Jim’s face paled slightly, and he backed off a few steps, helped by Dorothy’s pressure. “You stay the fuck away from her!” he spat at me, but the force of his presence had gone; his blustering held nothing but an empty threat, and we both knew it.
He’d gone from confident ‘I’ll knock your head off’ jock to ‘we’ve got to get out of here’ scardy-cat in seconds.
The two walked away without looking back. I don’t know who dragged who.
I sat, flummoxed.
~  ~  ~
I don’t know who that pointy-toothed, blood-sucking dork thinks he is. I’m not even as good as a G.D. amoeba? Oh, in case you’re not offended on my behalf…be offended for yourself.  ‘Cause he was talking about all humans. Not that it matters to me anymore, but I was still human at the time.
Wasn’t it enough that he’d killed my cat? Now I was expected to take insults, too? Needless to say, I didn’t want anything more to do with Alan after that. The next night he came back just like nothing had happened; I sent him away and kept the window shut, locked and secured with one of those wooden things you put in the slidey part.
But Alan McCartney’s jerky-ness proved persistent; he came by my window every night.
And I could only keep the shunning treatment up for about a week before I caved. What can I say? With Cami otherwise occupied, it promised to be a lonely summer.
The night after I started talking to him again, things really got bizarre. He brought me a present. It is kind of a gross story but don’t judge until you hear the whole thing…
Alan sat outside, knocking on the glass; usually I’d just ignore him but this time I looked up. He had this little box - like the size you’d put a coffee mug in - all wrapped up in like Christmas paper. Bow and everything. His eyes were all sad and puppy dog at me, so I crossed the room and let him in.
To be truthful, I felt really glad to see him. I’d missed that vampire like nobody’s business. But, I still totally refused to let myself smile at him. I had to fake the straight face, but I felt determined to make him believe I was super mad still.
“I brought you something,” he said, holding up the box.
I totally pouted at him, “What is it?”
“Open it and see.”
Okay. Curiosity got the better of me. So, I grabbed the box and took it over to my bed. I still didn’t smile. Didn’t even thank him.
My mother taught me to make a wish as you untied a bow from a present. I closed my eyes and wished for something fancy, sparkly, and expensive. Boy was I way, WAY off.
You’re not going to believe this. Lying there, all curled up and dead, lay this gross, brown mouse. I freaked! I dropped the box, screamed, and jumped up on my bed - like those old ladies you see on TV, standing on the table ‘cause there’s a mouse running around. That was me, ‘cept, of course, this mouse wasn’t running around.
So, naturally, my parents bust in and they’re all hysterical because I’m hysterical. Soon as the door opened, I realized that they were gonna catch me with this dude in my room in the middle of the night. You should have seen their faces.
My mom went for me, climbing up on the bed and putting herself in front of me like a shield. She yelled stuff like, “Stay away from my daughter, you pervert!”
Dad went right for Alan, arms out like he intended to rip him in two. But, Alan…Alan was a vampire.
I think you get what that means.
Before I knew what had happened, right there in front of me and Mom, Dad’s head went rolling across the floor like bowling ball. Blood went everywhere, squirting in crazy arcs all over the place. I don’t know what Mom thought she would do; I guess she’d gotten too freaked out to know herself. But she jumped right off my bed and swooped up Dad’s head like she was gonna reattach it. That’s when Alan got her.
It was over in seconds.
Their corpses looked just like two mannequins that had been taken apart. And blood had been fired everywhere.
I threw up all over my bed.
Alan came and got me. He pressed my head in between his hands, trying to get me to look at his eyes. All I could do was scream and try to push him away - not that it did any good.
“Calm down, Mandy Cross. This is a good thing; the best thing that could have happened to you…”
“The best thing?” I roared across the half-inch gap between our faces. “You just killed my parents!”
I didn’t get out the rest I tried to say (like, “You mother fucker! I’m going to fucking kill you!”) because of the vampire pheromone he hit me with. The words stayed in my head, tumbling around like marbles in a can.
Next thing I knew, Alan pulled my face into his shoulder. Once the vampire stuff he sweats got to my nose, I went limp. Then, as I kept breathing it in, I went all the way from crying fitfully to grinding myself against him. I could totally feel that he enjoyed it, too.
“I want you to do something for me, Mandy Cross. Are you listening?”
I wanted to bite him. How weird is that? A human who’s just dying to bite a vampire? But, I could do nothing besides moan and nod my foggy head. He could get me to do anything at that point. And he freaking knew it.
“Taste this.”
Alan had the mouse in his hand. He bit into it until a bead of red popped up from the brown fur. He brought it to my lips. I can’t believe I’m telling anybody this, but, I did it. First I felt a little shy about it; I just dabbed the tip of my tongue into it. Then Alan grabbed me by the butt and pushed me against him; he felt so hard down there, and I was physically hurting to get it.
So, I sucked on the wound and a bunch more blood came out. I don’t know how else to put it - it was like drinking sex. I’d never had an orgasm before but I did then; and I knew exactly what it was. No mistaking. The most powerful thing I’d ever felt. I almost fainted.
“And that’s just a fucking rodent,” Alan whispered so velvety; once his voice hit my ear, I came again.
 “Cats, dogs…they’re even better. The bigger the kill, the more exciting the flavor.”
Then he looked at the pieces of bodies flung out all over my room. “And you want to know what’s best of all, Mandy Cross?”
I almost started to squirm away, tell him off, and just let him tear me apart too. But, Alan breathed into my face. It was like that stuff his skin secretes times ten-thousand.
Since they were my parents, I tried to say no. It was a pathetic try, though.
“I’m not a vampire,” I told him.
“Not yet…”
Alan bit into his wrist just like he’d done to the mouse. The smell of his blood hit me like a bouquet of roses, all powerful and sexy. When he brought his wrist to my mouth…I couldn’t get enough. I sucked ‘til my jaws were sore.
Then he swept up a bunch of my hair, holding it painfully tight. I’ll never forget the way he stopped - just for a sec - and looked me in the eyes. He smiled like he’d just won a prize. I felt his fangs sink into my neck. The intense pain felt freaking amazing; I never wanted it to end.
It did end, though. Kind of like a spinning ride that doesn’t just gradually slow down – instead, it just all of a sudden stops and leaves you totally disoriented.
When he pulled back and looked at me, his eyes were dark and evil. His malevolent smile seemed straight out of my worst nightmare. And I didn’t need a mirror to know I had the same dark eyes and the same wicked smile. That’s when I realized what had just happened.
I’d been changed.
Alan turned my head to make me look down at the bits and pieces sprawled over my bedroom floor. They weren’t anything to me right then; just body parts.
Blood. Food. Red pools, glistening, all liquidy, made my whole body surge with hunger.
“Let’s celebrate your rebirth, Mandy Cross.”
Alan took me by the hand and stepped off my bed to where our feast lay spread out. It was an all-out banquet.
~  ~  ~
Mary-Christine came over to the park bench and sat down. “Not what you expected to happen?”
I looked at her with a very blank expression. I felt emotionally numb. “I sat through it all. But I still don’t get it.”
“I did tell you not to let her kiss you,” she crossed her legs and kicked the top one in some kind of weird rhythm, “didn’t I?”
“Yeah, yeah.” I wasn’t really interested in her thoughts on the subject. If it wasn’t for the fact that I felt physically listless, I would have stormed away. As it was, my stomach began to bubble, and I felt a hurl coming on.
I looked at Mary-Christine, and she nodded in the sure knowledge that she knew what was happening.
“Turn your head left.” 
I did so.
“Throw up.”
Oh, boy. I did that, too.
It seemed to come from my toes, one huge gutful of everything I’d eaten that day, straight onto the beautifully manicured grass at the side of the bench.
“How did you know?” I asked, but Mary-Christine had already grabbed me by the arm and guided me to the path.
“We have to walk.” She rummaged in her bag and pulled out a can of what could have been cola.
I looked at it groggily. I still managed to walk, but began to struggle after a few moments; a headache was developing quickly, and I felt decidedly dizzy.
Mary-Christine opened the can, then forced it to my lips. “Drink. Trust me.”
I chugged the first mouthful, then almost spat it back out again. “It’s beer!” I protested. I had tried the usual American beer, but this tasted different; very thick, very creamy. I went to hand it back to her, but the gremlins inside my body had other ideas; for some reason, I suddenly decided that I needed it, for whatever purpose. I gulped it like the sweetest nectar.
Daylight, seventeen years old, and I was drinking BEER in public. In the arms of a cute sixteen-year-old girl, after making out with another one! Man, my life had changed.
“It’s the yeast,” Mary-Christine informed me. “We found it real good for settling you down after what you went through.”
I turned to her as I tossed the can into a nearby trash can. Bang center - three points. “What I’ve been through?”
She turned me towards the exit of the park. “That’s for another day,” With a shake of her head she closed the subject.
“No, no, you don’t,” I stamped my foot into the pavement and attempted a halting maneuver, but she just simply walked on, dragging me with her. She had some considerable strength in her small frame. “Ok, I’ll walk with you.”
“I’m taking you home,” Mary-Christine said simply. “There’s no time to explain now, it’s almost seven, and I have to get home. Mom will be pissed if I don’t.”
“Explain?” I asked, trying to get back into the script, but feeling overwhelmed.
“Tomorrow, be at my house at nine.”
“But tomorrow’s Saturday!” Although I didn’t like sports, I still kinda watched football on silent television as I played music, played computer games and vegged.
“You want me to explain, don’t you?” she grinned, and I lost all will to protest further. She was cute. And it wasn’t just the alcohol talking.
We walked a fair distance in silence, then turned the corner to her house. She did the same step up onto her path and turned.
This time her tongue slipped into my mouth much quicker than before, and it lingered. Mine snaked round hers like two eels in an oily bag.
Tomorrow, nine o’clock.
When I got home, I felt so exhausted; I fell asleep on top of the bed.
Mom came in when it had gotten dark and cajoled me to strip and get under the comforter.
No dreams.
Up like a lark at seven.
Mom gave me the weirdest look over my cornflakes, but just watched me leave.
Mary-Christine stood waiting by the gate when I arrived, just three minutes past nine, and with her infectious smile, I felt instantly invigorated. The family SUV stood in the drive, and we both got inside.
“Where are we going?” I asked, not altogether comfortable meeting one of her parents.
“Flagstaff,” she said as her mom approached with her handbag, ready for shopping.
“What’s there that’s so important?”
“Nothing really, you’ll have to wait and see.”
Oh, wonderful.
The next twenty minutes seemed like an interrogation. I sat in the backseat, and there were no lights trained onto my eyes, but it seemed like an interrogation all the same. Her mom smiled, but behind the façade, the questions were solid.
What subjects? What music? How old? What do I want to be? My majors? What college? Alan McCartney? Dorothy Squires? Guitar? My dad in Unicorps?
Boy, was I glad when we got to our destination in Flagstaff, and the SUV pulled up downtown at the old library.
I followed Mary-Christine inside and I quickly found myself at the microfiche section. She pulled a chair over so we could share a screen. It had been frustrating not being able to talk in the car, and I looked forward to some kind of explanation.
“Let me do it my way,” she said. I nodded, just happy with moving forward, no matter at what speed.
She selected our local paper, the Gregor Newsletter, and began to flash through the issues. Slowing down, she lingered on a headline.
Local Student Drowns in Fishing Hole
“March, 2010,” Mary commented. “Do you remember?”
“I remember it pretty well,” I said. “Quite sad really. Only child; Billy something. But he was two years above me, it didn’t mean much at the time.”
“William Reid,” she said. “The parents left Gregor just days after; seems they couldn’t take the media hype.”
The next headline.
Reid Family in Tatters, Head for New Life in Nebraska
“So what am I taking from this?” I asked.
“Just remember the basics facts right now; you’ll be taking a test later,” she grinned and spun the dial as the screen raced past my eyes again.
Drunk Teens in Highway Collision
I’d almost forgotten about that one. “Yeah, nasty business. Car went under a semi. If I remember correctly, they were in a bad way.”
“That’s one way to say it.” Mary-Christine spun the control.
Highway Crash; Parents Ban Press from Details
“The parents decided not to talk to the press in any way.” She put her hand on my knee. “The families both moved away immediately after the incident.”
“And what am I looking at here?” We were sitting very close, and her perfume had been blowing me away all morning. She had her hand on my knee. I looked down, her fingertips were literally twelve inches from my boner, and she wanted me to have cogent thought processes? “I’m finding it hard to concentrate.”
This was going to be a difficult morning.
~  ~  ~
At the time, it didn’t matter that they had been my parents. Just like Alan said about the amoeba thing…
I mean, if you’re rolling down the highway and see some dead deer off in the shoulder, you might think, “Aw, poor thing.” But, you’re not gonna pull over - shovel in one hand, rosary in the other - and give it a proper burial. If anything, you’d tie it to the roof of your car and cart it off to make venison. That’s how it is. Vampires see dead humans the way humans see road kill.
Except without the “poor thing.”
So we gorged ourselves on what had remained of Sybille and Harvey Cross. Alan even made it seem like a cool circle of life thing. Just like they’d brought me into my human life, their blood now transitioned me into my new form as a vampire. He’d gone so far as to call my mom’s blood “mother’s milk.”
We didn’t stop until we’d drained both corpses of every drop. You know how you get all tired and bloated after you’ve eaten way too much? It’s not like that for a vampire when we drink blood. I felt totally alive, more energetic, more fit than ever before.
And I was strong. Really strong. Alan and I got two big duffel bags that my family used when we went camping. We put Sybille’s parts in one bag and Harvey’s in the other. I could lift them both with no problem. I could’ve held them over my head and thrown them like a mile down the street. But, Alan was being all sweet so he carried one bag and gave me the other.
We took them down to the lake and weighted the bags with heavy stones. And with not a word spoken, we threw them into the water and watched them sink.
Afterwards, we climbed up the cement incline under the pier and just kind of watched the water rippling under the moon. Out of nowhere I got hit with this overwhelming remorse, thinking how I’d never see my mother again, never hear any more of her lame advice. I started to cry then - hysterically.
Alan just leaned in until I caught another whiff of his sweat. Yeah, I was a vampire too now; but that stuff still worked on me. I went calm again. Super calm, to the point where I couldn’t figure out why I’d gotten so upset. Then he walked me home.
“It’s a new life for you, Mandy Cross. Don’t waste your time mourning the old one.”
Those were the words he left me with at my front door; I begged and pleaded but he refused to stay with me. He said it was important I learn to let go of my human “inclinations,” including the need for constant company. Whatever.
I spent the whole night all alone in the house my parents had been murdered in. Several nights, in fact, waiting for Alan to show up again. Without his sweat to calm me down, I was a wreck the whole time.
Alan did come back. But he wasn’t alone.
Hannah and Barton. I never knew their last name. According to Alan, all I had to know was that they were my new mommy and daddy.
The only thing they had in common with my parents was age. Both my parents had been blonde, tall, and thin. Hannah had stringy, icky-brown hair and was shaped like a muffin. Barton was thick, short, and bald. So much for the idea that all vampires all beautiful. These two were butt-ugly from top to bottom.
Alan moved them in like he owned the place. Oh - and of course he had an air-tight explanation for the whole thing.
“This is how vampire families are formed; you can ask Jackson if you don’t believe me, same thing happened to him some sixty years ago,” he said. “Hannah and Barton were both turned before they had any kids. Since vampires can’t procreate, when a young vampire ends up orphaned, couples like them just go in and take their parents’ place. Instant family!”
I didn’t like the idea at all. I didn’t like Hannah and Barton and I REALLY didn’t like Alan just assigning a family to me. It’s not like I was some lost puppy that you could just adopt out.
“I don’t want them here! This is MY house and I get to say who lives here.”
Alan treated it like it was totally no biggie. “Would you relax? It’s just for appearances! It’s not like these people give a shit what you do or where you go. You’re still a free agent, Mandy Cross; but you can’t be a seventeen-year-old, living alone, with no adult supervision, and not raise any eyebrows.”
“You’re worried about raising eyebrows?” I roared at him. “My mother has been in the PTA since I started Kindergarten! Everybody knows Sybille Cross. Everybody! I’m pretty sure when that little wart-looking woman shows up trying to impersonate her, someone will notice.”
He got all rude on me then. “Duh. Hannah’s not going to go around saying she’s your mom. You just need to invent a story that explains why your parents aren’t around. You can say they went to Africa to do missionary work for a year…and Hannah’s your aunt. People will believe it.”
“She doesn’t look anything like my mother, you ‘tard!”
Alan laughed, which made me feel totally stupid. “Every beautiful woman has an ugly sister. Trust me - it’s not that far-fetched.”
I could tell he’d already worked that whole lame story out in his head. That made me crazy irate, like Alan had planned this whole thing out the night he killed Mr. Stinky (remember - that’s my cat), and I was the pawn in his game.
Even though I was spitting-mad (like my mom used to say), I tried to be reasonable with him.
“Shouldn’t becoming a vampire come with some amount of independence? I mean, I can do anything I want now, go anywhere. To heck with sticking around this crappy town, going back to that crappy school. What does a vampire need with a high school diploma? Besides, I can’t be in this house anymore, Alan…it’s too…heavy…”
All that got me was another round of him laughing at me.
“C’mon, Mandy Cross,” he said, stepping up real close so I could smell him. “You don’t want to run off and be one of those weird nomad-vamps, no connections, no home base. That’s not a solid life; believe me - I know.”
“So, what? Those strangers you have squatting in my living room are suddenly my family now?” I pouted, big time.
“We all are. All the vampires in this community - we’re all family. I’m practically your brother now.”
I did not like the sound of that at all. I mean, I’d been waiting all this time just to get Alan’s tongue in my mouth. Even just standing near him made me crazy-hormonal. Forget Craig - Cami could totally have that loser. But Alan…he made my head swim.
Brother? I don’t think so…
Just to remind him that we were, in fact, not related, I stepped up a little closer to him. I hoped my vampire-sweat would affect him the same way his did me. I put my mouth right up to his and pressed our lips together. The second we had contact, I was desperate to get all of him.
He let me run my hand over his chest, then down to his pants. He let me undo the button and zipper and exhaled like he was excited when I dropped down to my knees. I didn’t even get to see it before he yanked my head back by my hair.
He was breathing hard even though I hadn’t even started yet. “I think I hear your mother calling you.”
I looked over and Hannah stood in my doorway. Like any guy who’d just got caught about to get a BJ, Alan went for the window and was gone in a flash.
I was pissed.
“What do you want?” It sounded more like a cat’s hiss than my actual voice.
Hannah came at me like an attacking lion. She smacked me so hard I rolled onto my side. Her eyes were red and ferocious. I may have been a vampire too, but I knew she could tear me apart if she wanted to.
“You’ve got a lot to learn, little girl.” Then she smacked me again.



Chapter 4
The Myth Takes Hold

After another three cases, I sat and looked at the screen. “So there’s a pattern.”
“Very much so.”
It felt difficult to concentrate with Mary-Christine so close, but I did my best. I put my analytical brain in gear, knowing that while Mary-Christine constructed a case around Gregor students, she was also talking about Alan; my friend. 
I narrowed my eyes, and put the facts together. “Okay, this is how I see it; teens come here, attend Gregor Academy, then if they die - which it seems there is a huge pattern of - the families leave in a heartbeat.”
Mary-Christine’s face lit up like a beacon, and like every dog that’s done good, I would have accepted a treat from her fingers. 
“That is lesson one,” she said. “Now I’ve got to take you to the next level.” Mary-Christine stood up and dragged me to the reference section. She sat me down at an empty desk, and returned moments later with a thick volume: Encyclopedia Britannica, V-W.
“Can’t we use a computer?”
“Not today.”
She snuggled beside me and flipped the pages.
Vampire, Vampirism.
I looked at the page in disbelief, then at the solemn face beside me. “You can’t be serious.”
“Deadly.”
“It’s a novel, for goodness sake; Mary Shelley.”
“Mary Shelley wrote Frankenstein, Lyman,” she chided. “Bram Stoker wrote Dracula. But he didn’t write it just from his head. He took the idea from myths and legends, hundreds of years old. Read.”
I didn’t want to actually give the idea any credence, but Mary-Christine sat beside me, all cute, and her leg was touching mine. All the way along the thigh.
So I read some more.
About the myth, the legends, the immortality, the curse, and the cures and protections.
The article went into Slovak and Russian legends of the fifteenth and sixteenth centuries, then some cases, the eighteenth century.
I sat there, not knowing what to do. I couldn’t denounce Mary-Christine as a nutcase, she was far too important for that, but I couldn’t exactly believe her, either.
“Well?” she asked. Her wide-eyed expression looked full of hope, expectation, but she did frown when I didn’t immediately take up her gauntlet.
I tried hard to come up with an argument that wouldn’t send her running away from me. Then it came to me in a flash of pure genius. “I’m not convinced.”
I sat for a second, half expecting her to storm out. But she smiled. “Ok, mister hard-to-convince skeptic. Let’s ramp this up a notch.”
This time we did go to the computer section.
“Tell me the only way to kill a vampire,” she said. “Come on, tell me. Let’s see if you’re paying attention.”
I easily remembered the encyclopedia articles; I really am a good student. “Wooden stake through the heart, head chopped off and never returned to the body, or complete incineration.”
Mary-Christine nodded her head. “I’m impressed, Lyman Bracks. Impressed.” She leant over, looked from side to side, and then gave me a kiss. I’d never had a kiss in a library. It felt kinda secretive, almost forbidden. I decided right away that I liked it.
She started into the internet, looking at a copy of the Manchester Review.
March 16th, 1996. Manchester, New England. Michele Newman Killed in a Car Crash with Two Other Teens.
Michele looked a kind of mousey sixteen-year-old.
“Pay attention, Lyman. When vampire families lose a member of the family publically, they can’t just pop up the next day saying, ‘Sorry, we made a mistake, all the witnesses were wrong, our kid actually made it through those bone-breaking injuries, and here he is, fit for school on Monday.’”
The next newspaper dated from 2005, Washington state.
Eugene Herald, July 23rd, 2005. Eugene, Washington. School Camp Tragedy: Six Killed in Cable Car Collapse.
To my shock, there was Michele Newman. Same girl, slightly different hairdo, but it was definitely the same girl. The caption under her picture read Corrine Phillips, same age.
Mary-Christine watched my reaction closely. “It’s very rare for a vampire to have two public deaths, and have the pictorial details recorded. What you’re looking at now, is just the very tip of the iceberg.”
I sat in silence for a moment. “So the kids from Gregor Academy. They’re all alive somewhere else? Different names?”
“Mostly. The ones in the car that went under the truck are toast. No heads.”
She pulled me close. Her breath always enticed me. Strawberries. She looked at me with so much affection, it felt difficult to look away.
Man, she was cute.
“There are three kinds of people in this world, Lyman. There’s the general population - 99.999%, there’s vampires, and there’s us - the hunters.” I sat open-mouthed. “Just like there’s vampires, there’s also the alter-vampires. We call ourselves ‘Helsings’ just out of deference to old Irishman Bram Stoker. You have been tasted by a vampire, Lyman Bracks. She tasted your blood and said it burned. That, my dear Lyman, is undeniable fact. You, Lyman Bracks, whether you like it or not, are a Helsing.”
~  ~  ~
I hadn’t seen Alan in a few weeks after he moved his watchdogs into my house. Never saw much of Barton, either; that would’ve been fine ‘cept he spent most of his time in my dad’s study, smoking his cigars and drinking his scotch.
Freaking Hannah dominated my whole life. She seemed hell-bent on making me a “suitable” vampire girl. I’m not even sure what that meant. Basically I was expected to wait on her and that useless-pig-of-a-husband of hers; a Cinderella with fangs.
And of course, the longer Alan stayed away, the less of a vampire I felt. Looking at pictures of Sybille and Harvey…mom and dad…would make me cry. I couldn’t believe the things that I had been able to do to them; it was crazy, but I wished Alan would come back, let me sniff him to chase all those old human feelings away.
He didn’t, though. Not for a long time.
One night - it was nearly August and school beckoned - Hannah dragged me out of my bedroom and into the downstairs study. Barton lounged out on my dad’s leather recliner. He looked kinda pale and a compress lay over his forehead. I was so stoked at the thought he might be dying of some vampire cancer or something. Turned out he was just super hungry and being all emo about it.
“You’ve done your father a disservice,” Hannah said to me in that ultra-proper, bitchy tone of hers. “True vampires cannot thrive on the blood of beasts and fowl for prolonged periods of time.”
First of all, Barton wasn’t my “father” and I would never, ever call him that. Secondly, so the freak what? Like I cared if he didn’t like the food I brought him. Mom had once told me, “Don’t blame the delivery guy if you’re still hungry after you’ve eaten the pizza; if you want something satisfying, you gotta get off your rump and cook it yourself.”
Of course, I was scared to death of Hannah, so I didn’t say any of that.
“Alan lives on cats and he does just fine,” I said simply.
But even that got me a backhand across the face. “Never contradict your betters, girl. Bring us a worthy meal tonight or suffer the consequences.”
I’d never killed a person. Alan had been the one to slaughter my parents; all I’d done is drink their blood and sink their bodies into the lake.
Even though I wasn’t supposed to care about humans, and they were little more than livestock with iPhones, when I went out that night to finally catch one, I felt totally sick to my stomach. But, I knew if I didn’t do it, Hannah would beat the living crap out of me. I wasn’t about to give her reason to do that again.
The street was dark under the overhanging tree branches, but, my vampire eyes cut right through the night. And my hearing - it was like freaking sonar! This beetle landed on a leaf and I totally heard it loud as a firecracker.
Scents were coming at me from all directions; I isolated one: blood. Human blood. Of course there were lots of humans around, but this one stood out in the open - less than a mile away. So, I sprang toward that smell, moving so fast the world looked like smudged chalk as I ran.
Turned out hunting raccoons and squirrels had been excellent practice; I’d learned how to use all my new vampire skills against a much wilier, stealthier prey so taking down a slow-moving, dim-sensed human should prove pretty easy.
When I was only a quarter-mile down the road I started to get hungry. The blood smell was overwhelmingly enticing. My first kill may not make it back to Barton. I closed in on the house and finally got my first sight of them. They were not what I expected.
Out on their front porch, enjoying the quiet summer night, I found a woman cradling a small bundle of blankets protectively. She sang to it.
Two parts of me went to war: new vampire desires against old human sentiments. I mean, my stomach was rolling with the most painful hunger I’d ever experienced. But my heart was breaking. All I had to do was close my eyes to see me there on that porch, wrapped up in my mom’s arms…
It took everything I had in me, but I ran off - beyond where the smell could lure me back. I ended up two towns over, on a secluded stretch of railroad tracks.
Combined smells of blood, whiskey, and pee hit me hard; it was gross and totally killed my appetite. I’d go home unfed but not empty-handed.
The homeless dude had a nasty sheet thrown across a tree branch for a tent. He looked passed out drunk and it was so easy. And I was merciful and quick; just a yank and it was done.
I threw his head on the tracks, figuring the first train would obliterate it and that’d be that. I slung his decapitated body over my shoulders. He felt as light as a freaking feather.
When I presented him to Hannah and Barton, I wasn’t really expecting a “thank you.” I also wasn’t expecting what I got.
Even though Barton had lunged off the recliner and pounced on the body, taking every drop for himself, Hannah was obviously furious with me.
“This is an insult; you bring this defiled corpse? This human’s body was rotting long before it ever died. And you took the head off; it’s lost most of its blood already! Not a suitable offering to your father…”
That’s when I lost it. “He’s NOT my father!”
Before I could see her coming, Hannah had me on the ground with her hand at my throat. I really thought it was all over then.
“You have been given to us, little girl,” she said, squeezing my windpipe, “so help me - you will learn your rightful place.”
As always, the punishment was brutal and relentless. The last thing I think I did before I passed out was scream for Alan. He didn’t come.
~  ~  ~
I felt torn.
On one side, I’d been told about a world of Vampires and Helsings. A world of complete fantasy, which I had to agree, had some pretty convincing facts lying around the place.
On the other, for the first time in my life, I had a cute girl on my arm, and I didn’t want to make fun of Mary-Christine by deriding anything she told me. She was the best thing to happen to me, and I could totally see the two of us doing it one day.
So, of course I did what any red-blooded male would have done.
I went along with everything she said.
Now, don’t get me wrong, I analyzed every piece of proof she showed me. I didn’t swallow it without reservation. Science is my major at the Academy, and I knew how to look at experiments, and how to stack facts, to look for proofs, to verify her theory. Or contradict it.
So I let her continue with her ‘evidence,’ determined to either find absolute proof sometime in the future.
Before we’d left the library, she’d brought me up to date with five cases of double public deaths which, to be honest, fitted into Mary-Christine’s theories. I mean, they didn’t prove them beyond belief, or blow my mind or anything, but it seemed strange how well the facts fit.
We were standing outside, waiting for Mary-Christine’s mom, when I made my own connection. I suddenly realized that I had possible vampire facts of my own. “The Seven,” I said, lifting my head to look at her. “The Gregor Seven.”
“What?” Mary-Christine kissed me to shake me out of my stupor.
“Eh. Seven students, all seniors.” As I spoke, I couldn’t believe I actually said the words. “They all stuck their fingers into Alan’s blood and licked it.”
“When?” her eyes were wide and animated.
“After he died. After the ambulance had taken his body away.”
“Who were they?”
I slowly closed my eyes and ticked off the names in my head. “Sharon Jones, Jeff Fielding, Billy Tankard, Elizabeth Wanrowski, Jahred Sykes, Jim Creary, and of course, Dorothy Squires.”
Mary-Christine’s face lit up like a Christmas tree. She hugged me and we kissed some more. “Man, you’re a natural.”
I grinned and patted myself on the back just for noticing. But one thing niggled at my subconscious. “So why were me and Alan friends?”
“That, I don’t know.”
I had an idea. “‘Keep your friends close, and your enemies closer.’ That’s Sun-Tzu, from the ‘Art of War.’ I dunno what class I learned it in, but I remember.”
I spent my journey home sitting in the back seat, answering seemingly dumb questions from Mary-Christine’s mom, and dwelling on Alan’s friendship. It couldn’t have meant nothing at all to him, surely; he gave me his guitar, for goodness sake; he didn’t need to do that.
When we got back to Gregor, Mary-Christine and I went up to her room ‘to study,’ and the weird thing was, we actually did. I mean, sure, we fooled around as we did it, but we did study.
She had a huge computer, and between necking sessions, we looked into the backgrounds of ‘The Seven’ with little or no success.
“How about the girl who killed Alan?” I said, suddenly excited. “We’ve heard nothing of her since the incident. I assumed she’d been arrested, but we don’t know.”
“What’s her name?”
“Mandy something.”
“Oh, that’s great,” Mary-Christine chided, with a huge grin on her face. She tapped away at the keyboard, soon had the Everton High School roll on the screen. “Junior or senior?”
“Senior, probably.”
“Mandy something. Okay, Mandy Cross! Got her.” Mary’s fingers swept over the keyboard. “I’m doing a cross-reference. That’s funny; a ‘Cross’ reference.”
We laughed ‘til the tears ran down our faces.
“No siblings, just an only child.” Mary-Christine wiped her eyes with her fingers. “Mother Sybille Cross is a housewife on the PTA. There’s a pic. Father is Harvey, an attorney at a law firm in Everton.”
So we checked the Everton Journal for Mandy Cross, but got nowhere. We even checked every edition since the murder, but there was no mention of it anywhere.
“That doesn’t make sense,” I said. “She murdered Alan. We all saw it. There were police on the scene. The ambulance took him away. There were hundreds of witnesses.”
“Hold on a second. I may have something.” She flipped open her cell phone. “Dad? Hi. Look, Lyman and I have a question for you.”
I couldn’t believe she actually called her father. I mean, I still sat at the edge of this conspiracy; not committed and stuff, and she was going to talk to an adult about it.
“Why would there be no mention of Alan’s murder in the papers?” she asked into the phone.
My face burned kinda red, just being there.
“Right, there’s also no mention of Mandy Cross anywhere, you know, in papers and online. Yeah, she’s the girl that killed Alan.”
Pause.
“Oh, ok. I’ll explain.” She hung up. “That makes sense. Ok, Lyman, dad says it’s simple. The vampire family tells the cops they’d like no publicity for scandal’s sake. The newspaper follows the family’s wishes; local papers can do that kind of thing much easier than national ones. That takes care of that part. Now, the Mandy Cross thing is explained by a ‘silent APB.’ It’s an APB, but it’s done on the down-low, so the killers think they got away with it, but the APB is all secret and stuff. Dad says that the Cross house has been deserted for some time. The cops are around there now, still searching.”
“So your dad is a Helsing?” I asked slowly and somewhat reluctantly.
“Yeah. It’s why we’re here. Mom too, but she’s into the investigation side.”
“So you’re a Helsing from their genes?”
“Yes.”
My parents had moved here to Gregor when I was ten, dad landing a nice job with Unicorps. Before that, we’d lived across state in Leverton. “So is Helsing-ness only transferred by birth?”
She shook her head, and I sighed with relief before she answered.
“No, some just happen. And it’s more than coincidence that Helsings happen in places of high vampire occurrence.”
Somewhere deep in my mind, a penny started to drop. I pushed her from me, and looked at her. I wasn’t totally happy at the doubts rising to the surface. “You’ve only been here a month.”
“Yeah.”
“But you knew all those local cases in the library.”
She just grinned, slightly shaking her head. “I don’t know where you’re going, Lyman.”
“Well, how did you know all that local stuff if you’ve just got here?”
She leant in for a kiss, and I certainly wasn’t going to stop her. “That’s easy, kiddo. I had to study them before we arrived. Gregor has a problem with vampires, and we’re the solution.” 
I realized with a grim shake of my head that my girlfriend considered herself Buffy-the-fricking-Vampire Slayer. I didn’t know if I felt scared or cool.
Or a bit of both.
I mean, Sara Michelle Gellar is hot stuff!
~ ~ ~
I ran away the next night. It seemed totally unfair; I mean - that was MY house. But Hannah and Barton had taken over. I needed to find Alan and tell him what they’d done to me. He’d make them leave. I hoped, at least.
I could only think of one place to go for help, since I had no freaking clue where Alan lived. So, I jumped from my bedroom window and skulked behind the rhododendrons until I felt sure Hannah wasn’t gonna pounce on me or something. That crazy chick had me under like, house arrest; after I brought the “unsuitable offering” home, she was super furious with me.
But, I felt pretty sure the coast was clear so I made my way down the block, keeping in the shadows. Jackson’s house was a cookie-cutter of mine and his room was on the second storey, too. No prob. I could totally climb like a spider now; and so I got to his window without breaking a sweat.
He was up. Duh. Vampires are pretty much always up.
Jackson sat bent over his guitar, practically making love to the thing. A pair of gigantic headphones were clamped over his ears, plugged into the amp. It took a few taps on the glass to get his attention. When he finally did see me, though, he really didn’t look that surprised.
Still, I flashed him my new fangs like they were some kind of backstage pass. Jackson shook his head at me, all disapprovingly, and came to let me in.
“I wondered when you were gonna come by,” he said.
“So you know what happened to me then?”
Jackson totally scolded me, “Don’t give me that crap - what ‘happened’ to you. You made a choice, Mandy…a really stupid, fucked-up choice.”
I shook like I was cold; but, it was August, so it must have been nerves or something.
“Don’t be such a dick about it,” I said. “It’s not like you didn’t make the same choice.”
“No - I didn’t, actually.”
Jackson was a big guy, kinda square-shaped. His face was cute, but a little on the pudgy side. He had long, dark hair and kept it in a braided ponytail. A lot of girls at school really liked him; probably ‘cause he had that cool musician vibe. I always thought he came off as snobby, so we never totally connected even though we usually ended up in the same places at the same time. Right then I wondered if I’d made a lame call, thinking I could go to him.
He just kind of left me hanging there while he poked around in his closet. After a few minutes, he brought out this ancient-looking box and handed me a yellowing newspaper from the 1960s. It was called the Philadelphia Singer – it looked like a tabloid, and the front page headline read: “Vampire Sightings Surge!”
At first I rolled my eyes at it; then I totally remembered - wait…vampires are real. Duh. So, I read the first few lines of the article.
“Missing persons reports continue to pile up as Philadelphia’s finest scramble to respond to nightly reports of vampire sightings. Terrified witnesses testify to spotting cloaked figures lurking in shadows, attacking pets and people alike. Bodies, drained of blood, have been found in rural fields as well as urban alleyways. Nine people remain unaccounted for…”
“So, you were one of the nine?” I asked.
Jackson took the paper back, refolded it, and placed it in the box so carefully it might have been a kitten. “Before the thing had passed, they’d changed over two-hundred all together in Philly and surrounding towns. I was one of the last to be taken - and not by choice, Mandy. It was a case of wrong place, wrong time…”
“What? They just snatched you up?”
He plopped down on his bed. Jackson’s whole face changed then. He’d always been so superior (at least I thought so) but now he just looked tired.
“Back then - late fifties into the early sixties - an underground movement started within the vampire community. It wasn’t like it is now where you’ve got little cells of vampires, mostly broken down into nuclear families. It seemed more like the goddamn vampire mafia; one family in particular was led by Amos Blanche. And whatever you do, remember that name.”
“Amos believed that vampires had taken a backseat to humans and we should take our ‘rightful place’ as the dominant species. I mean, he had it all planned out with vampires taking over and breeding humans for food…like cattle. It would have thrown the whole balance off. There’s a reason there’re more lemurs than lions, Mandy. If predators ruled the world there wouldn’t be any world left, y’know. ”
“So, Amos failed,” I said. “I mean obviously…there’re still plenty of humans around.”
Jackson nodded sadly. “He failed. But not before putting up a good fight; part of which was recruiting new vampires and brainwashing them according to his agenda. Amos’s followers slaughtered humans left and right; most of them for food. But, those of us who were young and strong enough…and impressionable enough…were changed. Against our will.”
“How’d it end? How’d they stop Amos?” I felt like a kid hearing a scary bedtime story.
“Blanche shined a big spotlight on the vampire community; not a good thing. A bunch of the bigger families - we’re talking hundreds to each clan - rose up against Amos, put a stake through him, and either converted or destroyed his recruits…depending on how loyal they were to his cause. Eventually, human-vampire relationship all went back into balance and the ‘Philadelphia Crusade’ is forever lost in the pages of that tabloid.”
It was hard to come up with something to say. I did my best but it felt wrong just coming out of my mouth. “At least you ended up okay…”
Jackson’s jaw got really tight and his eyes burned like miniature flames. “You don’t know what the fuck you’re talking about, Mandy! I watched my ten-year-old sister and my mother as the life was drained out of them. Then I got dragged away from my home and Amos Blanche himself turned me. I spent the first two months of my vampire existence being tortured under a whip because I refused to do his dirty work; I vowed before that son-of-a-bitch ever bit into me that I would never take a human life and I never have.”
I felt floored. “You haven’t ever drunk human blood?”
“Not a fucking drop.”
Jackson pointed over to a cage on his dresser; dozens of little white mice with pink eyes were crawling all over each other.
“And I won’t even take one of them until I absolutely have to,” he told me, all proud.
“What about Alan?” I asked carefully, “Was he around back then?”
“Yeah,” Jackson said with an angry clip to his voice. “We were both turned by Amos Blanche; he a little bit sooner than me.”
I knew the answer, but asked the question anyway, “Was he like you? Did he refuse to work for that guy?”
Jackson looked at me like I was stupid. “Give me a break. Alan had a fucking boner for Amos Blanche…and for killing. He didn’t just do it to stay ‘alive’…your buddy killed because he liked it.
“The only reason he wasn’t destroyed after Amos got taken out was because he gave an Academy Award-worthy performance; he convinced the families that he felt true remorse. Angela McCartney vouched for him and took him under her wing; It’s such bullshit; he’s never changed, Mandy. Alan and his cronies are a bunch of vampire thugs.”
“Cronies - what cronies?”
“His little followers at Gregor Academy…AKA Vampire High.”
“Vampire High?” now I was about to freak out.
Jackson looked like he felt sorry for me then. “He hasn’t told you dick, has he?”
“I’ve barely seen him since he changed me.” I started to tear up at that point. “He brought these horrible people to my house…Hannah and Barton…”
His eyes got big and alarmed. “Holy shit. I know those people - they were at Amos’s right hand through the whole thing…especially Hannah. We all thought they were destroyed along with him. You know what this means?”
I didn’t know. And I didn’t want to. But, Jackson told me anyway.
“Alan’s picking up where Amos Blanche left off. He’s recruiting.”

