
10 MINUTES FROM HOME
Episodes 1-4
BY
BILL HOWARD

- BOOKS of the DEAD -

Smashwords Edition


LOVE READING?
Sign up for BOOK-ie and find the best deals.
It's free!


"Bill Howard's 10 Minutes from Home might start out like a standard apocalyptic zombie novel, with scenes that could be taken straight out of a Romero script, but it slowly unfolds into a well narrated love story about one of the most harrowing experiences a couple might have to face.  Bonus for those of you located in Ontario:  there are plenty of references to genre hot spots, such as the town of Pontypool and Toronto's Bloor Cinema."  Jessa Sobczuk – Rue Morgue Magazine

“Heartbreaking and soulful, 10 Minutes from Home is one gut-wrenching read I will not forget. This is one meta-cool book!" - John Palisano, author of NERVES

“A purely cinematic, heart-pounding and thrilling story.” – Susan Curran, Director of Marketing, Anchor Bay Canada

“Folks, you need to read this book! Bill is an amazing writer and what he has forged here is a zombie lovers must have. George A. Romero himself could not have penned a better zombie tale! Check it out! Great job Bill!” – Brad Mavin – Proo(f) Paranormal

“So many things I never saw coming, a definite adrenaline rush while reading!  I felt myself reading faster as the pace picked up. This is a book I would read over and over again.” – Paul Silliphant – Proo(f) Paranormal


This book is a work of fiction. All characters, events, dialog and situations in this book are fictitious and any resemblance to real people or events is purely coincidental. All rights reserved, including the right to reproduce this book, or portions thereof, in any form.

10 MINUTES FROM HOME
Episode 1 - 4
(Preface, Chapters 1 – 24)

Copyright 201 by Bill Howard

For more information visit:
BOOKS of the DEAD

* * *

This series is for:
Joanne & Evangeline


10 MINUTES FROM HOME
Episode One
BY
BILL HOWARD

When a viral outbreak hits Toronto, Denny Collins and his best friend Thom Washington find themselves trapped over 100 km from Denny’s home in a town called Pontypool, where his wife and daughter remain.  As the streets begin to teem with violence, they must first find safety, then find a way out of the now deadly metropolis.

- BOOKS of the DEAD -


PREFACE: NATURE BOY

But the children of the kingdom shall be cast out into outer darkness: there shall be weeping and gnashing of teeth. 
-Bible (NewTestament)  
St Matthew 8:12. 

I never fully appreciated the beauty of the outdoors. As a kid, I liked to run and play near the woods by our house, clutching a fallen branch as a machine gun in my own imaginary Vietnam War, snapping my makeshift whip around a tree to swing over a treacherous drop and find the hidden lair of the sacred idol. As an adult, I couldn’t be dragged into the woods if you paid me. The thought of sleeping in a bag on the ground was so alien to me, you might as well ask me to sleep on the roof in a garbage bag; it made about the same amount of sense. 
Nevertheless, as I sit here in these woods, night begins its rapid takeover of the warm summer day I had survived. I look around, taking it in. I can smell the grass and the bark on the trees. The air is damp in my nose, humid and soft, pleasant. Insects and small animals are going about their daily tasks, coming out to do their shopping in the animal rush hour. For a moment, I am engulfed in the beauty of nature. Strange that it would hit me now, after all these years. After all the times I had a chance to savor it and didn’t, it is now, after going through what I have gone through and seeing what I have seen, that I find this moment, this sliver of my life to take it all in. 
You see, I’m almost at the end of my journey, my trek through what used to be the ordinary, boring, run of the mill world. My ordinary life. It used to be about my morning tea, the Tim’s run, the bagel. Getting through another day of work. Trying to get home and spend some quality time with my wife and daughter. My commute home from the office in Toronto used to take me about two hours; this time it took me over a week. I have been making my way home, to our farm near Pontypool, Ontario, just north of the Ganaraska Forest. To the place I call home. I am not a religious man, but today I prayed with all my heart and soul. The same as I’ve prayed each of the 9 days it took for me to get here. 
I suppose I should start this tale a little earlier. After all, you won’t be able to understand what I’m hoping to find, what I have endured a living, waking hell for, unless I go back to the beginning and tell you how my average, humdrum world was turned on its head. How everyone’s world was turned on its head. And why it may never get turned back. 


CHAPTER 1: THE BIG 4-0

My name is Denver Collins, although most people call me Denny. It was August 15, 2009, and, as a matter of fact, my 40th birthday. I awoke in my bed to a small round face just inches from my own; the huge smile was mischievous and she was eager to speak. 
“Happy Birthday Daddy!”
My daughter Jordan was sitting on my chest with her hands on either side of my face, holding it in place in case I might look away. For a 3-year-old, her strength was formidable. 
“Thanks sweetie. Where’s your mom?”
“Inna kitchen, makinna eggs.”
I lifted Jordan off my chest and swung my feet out of bed. We sat side by side on the bed, our feet hanging off the edge, dangling in the cool morning air. As I stood up, the coldness of the hardwood sent little shockwaves through the soles of my feet. Jordan grabbed my hand and led me down the stairs and into the kitchen where a plate of good old-fashioned bacon and eggs was waiting for me to devour them. 
“Honey. Thank you, this is very sweet,” I said coyly.
My wife, Diane, was statuesque, tall, feminine, and downright striking. She was an intimidatingly beautiful woman, and one not to be reckoned with. That was one of the many reasons I loved her. 
We met under strange circumstances, which is to say she was the girlfriend, then fiancée, then wife of a friend. She became a close friend and confidant of mine throughout the course of that relationship. That is, until her marriage fell apart and we fell in love. I think it was a case of both of us figuring out too late how we felt about each other. Then through the mess that was their break-up and eventual divorce, we found the clarity to admit our feelings for one another and be together. Or something like that. In any case, we have been together now for almost 13 years, and married for 11 of those years. Life couldn’t get much sweeter. 
I thumbed through the crisp morning paper, skipping the depressing true crime stories that were gloriously emblazoned across the front page to look for real news. The whole country seemed to be in a state of panic over the swine flu. As the majority of the public seemed to be uneducated about it, the panic had risen to record levels. Line-ups at walk-in and mall vaccination clinics were hundreds of people deep, all clamoring to get the vaccine to save them from the new flu. Diane and I weren’t particularly fond of the ‘vaccines solve everything’ credo that so many people tended to follow. We just couldn’t buy into it. We have immune systems for a reason. But we had always kept Jordan up to date on all her regular vaccinations since she was a baby, and when this flu started to hit we learned through some research that her age group was the most susceptible. We arranged with our doctor to get the vaccine as soon as it was available. Once our doctor had it, we took Jordan in to get injected--with a few tears shed. That was before the line-ups. Before the madness. Since Diane and I were not at risk, we didn’t bother with the vaccine. There was no need to fret. It’s amazing how much more prepared you can be if you just read up on things a bit before jumping on the panic bandwagon. 
There didn’t seem to be much good news in the paper that day, so I opted out of the stereotypical newspaper-reading-dad mode, and asked Jordan about her day instead. 
“So what’s going on today my sweet? Are you going to the park at daycare?”
“Yeah daddy, we gonna play at tha park, and eat cupcakes, and I gonna go on tha swing and play.”
I love toddler sentence structure. She rambled on for a solid two more minutes, and I’ll be damned if she didn’t take one breath the whole time. After she was done and had returned to her entrancement with Count Chocula, I went over the day’s schedule with Diane and ensured her I would be back by dinner. 
I finished my birthday breakfast and opened a present from my daughter, a copy of North by Northwest on Blu-ray, undoubtedly purchased with some assistance from Mommy. Either that, or she already had an uncanny taste in films. I gave each of my girls a kiss, showered, and got dressed for the day ahead. Diane was pulling out of the driveway to take Jordan to daycare when I heard a horn honking outside. I was planning to have a celebration at home with Diane and Jordan that evening, but first I was heading out for a birthday road trip with my friend Thom. Thom had been through his share of tragedy in the past couple of years so he needed these outings just as much as I did. 
Thom is a music producer, and I’m a screenwriter. Well, I fancy myself one, but, truth be told, I’m a feature magazine writer for Hollywood North, a reputable Canadian film industry magazine. That’s what I do now anyway, until some brilliant producer out there has his or her epiphany and decides they can’t live without one of my scripts. 
Thom and I are also film buffs. One of our favorite pastimes is going into Toronto to see old movies at the Bloor Cinema. Today, on my birthday, the cinema was kind enough to be showing a most peculiar double feature, Annie Hall and Phantom of the Paradise. I don’t know how two of my favorite films showed up in the same theatre on my birthday, but they did. Thom may or may not have been behind this strange coincidence, but I wasn’t questioning my stupendous and fortunate luck. I just wanted to sit in that musty old gem of a theatre and soak up the adventures of Alvy Singer and Winslow Leach while sipping a moderately cold fountain Coke. God, I loved that combination of a movie theatre and a fountain Coke while partaking in the communal appreciation of a good movie with a crowd of strangers. Damn, I will miss that. 


CHAPTER 2: A DAY AT THE RACES

Thom and I arrived downtown around noon and parked in the closest Green P we could find. We had time to sit down for a quick lunch at the Pig and Pint, a small pub we frequent when we’re in the city. We enjoyed the dark walnut walls, the leather seats, cracked from years of patronage, the smell of beer and wings, and the staff that have been there for years, not because they have to but because they love it. We sat in a booth near the front of the pub, looking out through the bay window at the passing hordes. There were so many people. Then, anyway. 
We sat and ate, and discussed the usual birthday woes, reflecting on the aging process, and how outside of our 10-year-old brains and hearts there were 40-year-old bodies that frequently farted, ached, and betrayed our sense of how far we could run or how much we could lift. The real fact of the matter is that I felt better than I ever had in all my years, not necessarily physically, but in general. I was happy. Without the bullshit expectations and perceptions that accompanied youth, I was actually happy. It felt good. 
Thom and I finished our unhealthy but damn tasty lunch, and walked over to the theatre. Bloor St was bustling with people, rushing in and out of stores, laughing, kids skateboarding by us in a blur. The usual street kids were sitting against buildings asking for change, yet they wore nicer shoes than I do and had what appeared to be fully groomed and well-fed dogs, and at least $1000 worth of tattoos and piercings each. I could never understand that. 
We arrived at the Bloor Cinema shortly before the festivities began, so I took the spare moment to call Diane and check in. She told me that Jordan went to daycare with none of the usual fuss of crying, kicking, and general mayhem that typically accompanied the drop off. Of course, she was always fine once inside, nonchalantly waving us away as she targeted a certain toy and bee lined for it. Then Diane mentioned that Jordan had a bit of a cough as she went in, but that it didn’t seem to be anything to be concerned about. 
About three quarters of the way through Phantom, around the part where Winslow is bricked into the studio by Swan, the film jerked and the theatre went black. Of course. It was my birthday; things couldn’t possibly go smoothly. Murphy’s Law was written specifically for me, I was sure of it. With the important things in life I was as lucky as they come. I had my health, love, family, and friends. But when it came to the smaller things in life, I was notoriously unlucky. Give me fifty-fifty odds, I’ll lose nine times out of ten. Regardless, we waited for word from the theatre, as would usually happen in a situation like this. A few patrons walked out, presumably to get some answers, but still no help came. We waited about twenty minutes before realizing the film wasn’t coming back on. People had been sporadically leaving the theatre for a while now, and we decided it was time for us to leave as well. 
We filed out of the theatre with a small group of people, up the musty inclined aisles and into the lobby. A few people were mulling about, but none of them seemed to work at the theatre. We couldn’t figure out what was going on. Thom walked up to a group of three or four people. 
“Do you have any idea what happened to the movie?”
A tall man in a corduroy jacket turned to answer. 
“We’re not really sure. We came out here just as some guy came down from the office, said something to the two girls at the snack bar, and they all took off out the main doors.”
Thom relayed this information to me, and we stood staring at each other dumbfounded. We considered the options and agreed to leave. 
Once we were on the street outside the Bloor, the strangeness continued. Something about the mood had changed since we entered the theatre a couple of hours earlier. Sure, there were still crowds, people with shopping bags, kids running around. The difference was that everyone seemed to be moving fast. No one seemed to be casually strolling. Everyone was rushing to get somewhere, and no one looked happy. Traffic had multiplied since we went into the theatre, and Bloor St was like rush hour, packed bumper to bumper. After a minute or two of watching and trying to make sense of what we were witnessing, Thom and I both jumped when a piercing scream came from somewhere down the street. We couldn’t see who it came from, but it was loud. 
A few minutes passed of us standing there observing and sorting out the scene in our heads. I felt like I was looking at one of those pictures that are just a mess of color, but when you squint and look really hard, you can see an image. I never could figure those out, I only ever saw the mess of color. 
We started walking down the street towards our parking lot, which was about two blocks away. We tried to avoid everybody on the street, dodging out of the way of the migrating herds. In the course of the first block and a half, we heard two more screams coming from different locations, another female, but younger sounding, and a male. As we came around the corner onto the street our parking lot was on, we heard a din ahead, the noise of a crowd, like a group of people cheering someone on, only more aggressive. 
We approached the parking lot cautiously, to where the noise was originating. As we walked up and crouched behind an Escalade, we peered around the SUV’s massive frame to witness what was actually a mob of people. They were gathered in a group, in a circle, and they all seemed to be concentrating on something in the middle. We could hear that the shouts were mostly angry, and we could see the raised arms of people beating something, someone. We could pick out a few choice refrains. “Son of a bitch.” “You fuckin . . . “ “Oh my God.” We surveyed the area and looked for Thom’s car. It was just behind and to the left of the mob. It seemed to have something sprayed on the driver’s side window. Paint? No. It looked like blood. But why? How? We stayed put for the time being, until the mob started to die down. A few people left, then a few more. One man, older, with grey hair, but fit, came out of the crowd quickly, holding what looked like a child, maybe ten years old. The child must have been unconscious, judging by the way she was lying limp across his arms, and she had blood on her clothes. He held the child delicately, but with a definite sense of urgency, stumbling briefly but always conscious of the small girl in his grasp. We ducked back down and circled to the front of the Escalade, then moved in front of the car beside it, a Corolla. The man put the child in the back of the Escalade, got in and started up the engine, and drove out of the lot with a harsh squeal of his tires. 
The rest of the mob seemed to be satisfied with whatever they had done, and went their separate ways. One man sprinted by us as we rose from behind the Corolla. 
“What the hell just happened?” Thom asked. The man stopped. 
“We all came rushing over when we heard the screams. Some guy jumped that man’s daughter and started attacking her, biting at her. A real psycho. At first, there were just a few of us and we tried pulling him off her, but he kept freaking out, flailing around, and snapping at the air, at us. We had to just keep hitting him and hitting him, trying to beat him into submission, but he was relentless. I don’t know what the fuck is going on around here, but it took us a solid 10 minutes before he stopped attacking. I almost felt like I couldn’t stop, but what were we supposed to do, we couldn’t even hold him still long enough for someone to call a cop.”
Another loud scream cut though the air, this time much closer, along with what I could only describe as a guttural, roaring belch. The man we were talking to looked quickly in the direction of the screams then bolted. We started to move towards Thom’s car, and hesitantly looked at what was on the ground where the mob had gathered. What they left behind took a few seconds to discern. It looked at first to be a pile of refuse, perhaps a garbage bag of restaurant leftovers busted open, but it was actually a person. There wasn’t much left of him or her; it may as well have been garbage. There was a huge smear of blood on the pavement around it. It looked like someone had fallen from a plane and landed there. The spray, or ‘spatter’, as they say on CSI, reached as far as 20 feet away. It seemed to have coated everything in the lot. We got even closer, and could make out where the head was, or had been. It was smashed up, and barely recognizable as human; it reminded me of a Jack-O-Lantern after Halloween night. The rest of the body was almost as bad. There was blood everywhere; the hands and fingers were broken, twisted, and mashed. The legs were turned in unimaginable directions. The chest caved inwards. 
We gave the mess a wide berth as we walked around it to Thom’s car, and saw that the blood smear went from the remains, across the lot, all the way over to Thom’s car. That must have been where he was first hit. How could that many people turn so viciously on one man? I understood saving the girl, but to have so many people not even question their actions in murdering a man with such a mob mentality, and then just leave? It didn’t make any sense to me. 
Thom fumbled for his keys, cursing the mess on his car under his breath. I was carefully scanning the outlying area for any sign of the angry mob returning. I sure as hell didn’t want Thom to have to get rid of my remains with a car wash. As I was looking about, I heard a sharp crack behind me. I spun around and looked, my eyes as wide open as they have ever been. I saw nothing. There was nobody there. I heard another quick snap, and saw something flinch in the mess on the ground. Did my eyes just deceive me? Did the broken heap on the ground just move? I watched it carefully, hoping my eyes were just fatigued. Thom had gotten into the car by that time and was turning the engine over multiple times, trying to get it going. I just stood there watching the mess, waiting for the impossible to happen again. To say it hurt when I flung myself backwards into the car was an understatement. Considering that as I watched, the mess had raised its beaten head, and, with a sharp crack, turned and looked at me with its one sagging eye, I would say my reaction was justified. I couldn’t believe what I was witnessing. Thom was shouting for me to get into the car. What should I do? Did this guy need help? Shouldn’t we get him to a hospital? Although those were reasonable questions to ask in a normal situation, Thom seemed to have the right idea; something felt wrong. My natural reaction should have been empathy, but instead I was terrified. 


CHAPTER 3: RIDING THE ROCKET

Thom and I got into his car in record time; circus clowns couldn’t have done it faster. Thom tore out of the parking lot and down a side street. We didn’t really know where we were going, we just knew we had to go, get away. Get somewhere that wasn’t here. The traffic congestion seemed to be centered on the main roads, and we managed to get through a few blocks before hitting a jam. We sat in the car virtually helpless, left to observe the chaos through the windshield. In the matter of minutes since we left the cinema, the actions of the crowds seemed to have hit a fevered pitch. People were now frantic, scrambling. And now there was violence. It was hard to focus on any one particular person or group of people, but people were fighting, crying, running. Objects were being thrown and windows were being shattered. And the screams. They were much more frequent now, and closer. Much more terrifying. I turned to Thom, stupefied. 
“What the hell do we do now? We’re not getting anywhere by car.” Thom looked distant, pale. 
“I don’t know. I don’t know. I can’t just leave the car. Can I just leave it? What the fuck?”
I didn’t have an answer for him. Do you just leave your car in a situation like this? What exactly is a situation like this? I made a suggestion. 
“I think we have to leave it. For now. We can come back for it. Just lock it up, but for now I think we have to try to get to Union Station. If this is some sort of rioting or terrorist attack, they might be trying to shuttle people out of the city. We can try the subway; maybe it’s not as bad down there yet.”
Thom managed a shaky nod. I yanked on his sleeve to get him going and he pulled the keys out of the ignition. We both got out and Thom pressed the button on his keychain, locking the doors. We could see the subway stop from where we stood, about a block away. We started to run in a straight line towards the stairs, trying our best to avoid any physical or eye contact with anyone. We ran at a steady pace through a sea of rushing bodies. People were slammed down to the ground in front of us, assaulted and attacked with bats, metal signposts, fists, and feet. And teeth. That was the most disorienting thing to see. People biting people. It just didn’t seem rational. Not that any of this was rational; people fight, people hit each other. But bite? Thom took a punch to the side of the head and a whack on the arm with a briefcase. I had a person snap at my face with his mouth, but he was promptly tackled by some other raving lunatic before he made any contact with me. I was shoved to the pavement once as well, but I managed to recover and keep up with Thom. 
We got to the subway stop and headed down the stairs. It was crowded and crazy, but not as bad as at street level. We got to the bottom of the stairs fast, taking them three at a time, almost leaping them like hurdles. The familiar Sesame Street jingle of the subway car door chime was ringing as our feet hit the tiles, and we saw a car packed full about to leave. We forced ourselves through the doors and into the packed car just as the doors closed behind us. The people we slammed against seemed annoyed, but all things considered, their annoyance was a pleasant change from the other behavior we had been witnessing. As a matter of fact, it was almost jovial in comparison. The train car jostled and jolted then began to move down the track and into the tunnel. People started to calm for a moment and we unanimously let out a sigh of relief. I looked at Thom and he didn’t look well. He looked like he was about to throw up, which wouldn’t be a good thing to do at this stage of our exodus. 
“It’s okay. We’ll be all right. We’ll get to Union and get on a train. We’ll get home and . . . oh, Christ! Diane. Shit. I haven’t even tried to call Diane yet.”
I fumbled through my pockets for my phone, finding it where I left it in the small front pocket of my jeans. I flipped it open and looked for the bars, hoping I would see a lot of them, but there were none. Of course not; I was underground, stupid. I hit the directory and quickly flipped down to ‘home’ and hit call. Maybe there was a slim chance in hell, this new hell that I was in now, that it would work. After all, the subway train seemed to be skipping all the stops on its way to Union, which was a good thing. I thought I heard a ring from the phone under the clacking sound of the train, but I was wrong, there was only silence. I flipped the phone shut and closed my eyes. As soon as I got topside, I would call Diane. Why did I only think of that then? I was about to put the phone back in my pocket when a deep, thunderous snarl barked in my ear from behind me. I was physically startled and the phone flew up and hit the handrail above my head, deflecting somewhere into the crowd. Shit. 
I turned my head towards the noise that had startled me just in time to see an older woman, maybe in her early seventies, start foaming at the mouth and let out another loud bark, this time from deep within her, reminding me of the guttural noises that come from your throat when you have to vomit. Her head shook spasmodically from side to side, up and down, all over. The pinkish foam sprayed nearby people who were trying desperately to move away from her, flicking them in the faces like slobber from the dog in Turner and Hooch. Everyone looked repulsed and scared. Including myself. I backed into someone and turned so I was facing the woman; I didn’t need something like that happening behind my back. Her head continued to bounce around, and her hands were raised into claws as if she were acting out some Universal Pictures wolfman movie. Her hands seemed rigid in their claw shape, all the muscles tensed and twitching. Then her head just stopped moving. Stopped and stared intensely at a large, overweight man standing right in front of her. He had an iPod on and a scruffy beard, and despite his 6’4” 350-pound frame, he looked horrified by this woman who was less than half his size. 
In a flash she leapt, attaching herself to him like a kitten climbing a pant leg. She scrambled up his front as he screamed like a small child, eyes wider than should be possible, looking down into the yellow eyes of the woman. In a matter of seconds, she crawled up his chest to his face, where she proceeded to open her jaw so wide, we could hear her jawbone crack, and then she latched onto his face like a leech, digging in so hard you could hear the grind of teeth on bone. The blood sprayed out of his face as he grasped at the woman’s back, trying to get a grip on her. The passengers surrounding him were doused in warm, arterial spray and despite the lack of room in the car, they tried to get as far away from them as possible. All of the passengers just stood in stunned awe, not knowing how to comprehend the scene playing out before them. The man practically dug his fingers into the woman’s neck and yanked at her head. It finally gave way, her mouth coming off his face with a loud sucking sound. He tossed her aside easily, and turned quickly towards the door between the cars and opened it, his face a red, indiscernible mess. As he started to move into the small space between the doors, the old woman got up and leapt through the air like a frog, landing on his back this time, pushing him forward through the second door and into the connected compartment. A young woman standing beside the door, terrified and crying, grabbed the handle and pulled the door hard, closing it. Through the small door windows, we could see the other car, full of frantic people as well, and then the window was blocked by the bloody back of the man as he stood up. Over each of his shoulders, we could make out wrinkled hands with neatly manicured nails, digging into his shoulder blades. As his large frame slowly slid down the window, leaving a huge smear of dark red blood, there was another roar in our car, this time more fluid, phlegmy. Everyone’s heads turned in unison to the sound, searching through the crowd of people. No heads seemed to be flailing at the moment, which was a relief. We stood in silence for a moment; the only sounds were the repetitive clacking of the tracks, and the muffled screams coming from the other cars. There was another yell, this time in pain. A head from the crowd went down, disappearing like a rock sinking under the surface of a pond. Then soon after, another yell, and another head went down. I felt something scurry past my leg. I looked down but saw only a dark blur rush by. Now we were all getting really jumpy. Small gasps and bouts of crying were erupting throughout the car. More heads disappeared accompanied by gurgly growls. I suddenly felt myself getting light-headed; I was starting to wonder if what I was experiencing was even reality or just a very lucid dream. I closed my eyes and stood still for a moment, trying to regain my composure. I felt like I was alone, with only the pressure of Thom’s hand on my shoulder to let me know that I wasn’t. I started to calm down and listen to my own breathing. I felt a warmth come over me, especially my face, which was flushed. Flushed . . . and wet. Wet? I opened my eyes to a blurry view of the subway car, the whole panorama of my view appearing as if I were looking through turn of the century glass, warped, seemingly moving. I raised my hand to my eyes and rubbed them, wiping away whatever was obscuring my sight. I opened my eyes again and things were clear this time, perhaps too clear.
There was a huge clearing in the crowd now, and where there were people only moments ago sandwiched against each other, there was now a pile. A large mound of human bodies, piled high like a massive load of dirty laundry. I looked at my hands and they were drenched with warm, sticky blood. I felt my face, feeling for all the essentials, nose, ears, mouth, hoping it was all still there. I was covered in more of the same blood that presumably came from the heap of bodies. My entire front was covered in it. I looked at the mountain of flesh again, completely disbelieving my own eyes. On top of the pile crouched two children. They looked to be about six and eight. They were also covered in blood, but they didn’t look as traumatized as I was. In fact, they seemed to be quite active and upbeat, playing with each other. Tug of war in fact. With . . .
“Oh my God.”
The words came out of my mouth with barely enough breath to carry them. I turned to Thom and looked right into his glazed eyes. 
“We have to get out of here.” I stated very plainly.
The subway train was still moving at full speed. People were climbing over each other trying to get through the doors to the other cars, but you could see through the windows that similar troubles plagued those cars as well. 
“What the hell are we going to do?” said Thom with an unsteady tremble in his voice. 
“If we can’t get out, we have to make this car safe. It’s the only way for us to get out alive.”
Thom just looked at me. 
“So we have to…”
We both turned our heads and looked at the kids, each one pulling on opposite ends of a young woman’s torso, one with a leg and one with an arm, yanking the body, twisting, each trying to win the game. The woman’s torso had already lost an arm to the carnage, and her head was hanging off at a very unnatural slant, like a ripped appendage on an old teddy bear. I looked around for something, anything to use as a weapon. Under the seat behind me was some kid’s skateboard, the longer type used by serious skaters. I leaned over and grasped the end of it, solidifying my grip on it as I raised it to shoulder height. I looked over at Thom and gave a shrug, as if to say ‘here goes’. 
I took one step towards the feral kids; the fact that they played viciously on top of the bodies put them at about chest height to me. I swung the skateboard in a wide arc in front of me, and the upturned end of the board caught the first kid in the back of the head, just at the base of the skull. The force of the board propelled him forward, over the torn woman, and into his playmate. They both toppled end-over-end and smashed with a rattle into the doors of the subway car. I sidestepped to my left and approached them again before they had a chance to get up, lifting the board over my head and bringing it down hard onto the kid on top. It struck him with a thud and they both started to spasm frantically, trying to right themselves and get off each other. I kept hacking at them with the board, hitting their heads, backs, and arms, splats of blood hitting the floor and walls of the car. I heard Thom shout behind me and turned quickly to see; he stood against the wall of the car with his hand on the pull box for the train’s emergency stop. His face looked inquisitive, unsure if this was what he should do. I glanced quickly over the heads of the kids and out the window just in time to see the tiled words ‘Union Station’ fly by the window. My head spun back to him quickly and I nodded. I looped my arm around the steel post and braced myself as Thom pulled the bar in the red box down, and the loud screeching of the brakes filled everyone’s ears with a sharp pain. I held the bar tight, making sure I didn’t fall into the jaws of the snapping children. The whole car jolted forward, the entire crowd swaying to one side like a wave at a baseball game before righting again as the train slowed. The kids were starting to get up so I resumed my assault on their persons, smacking them down to the floor every time they tried to get up. Once the train shifted to a full stop, the doors dinged and shuttered open. The kids had just barely gotten to their feet, but they were still intertwined, one almost riding the other one’s back. I dropped the board, reached out my hands to either side of me to grab the handrails, and launched both of my feet off the floor and into the chests of the two little beasties. They flew with surprising speed out the door and into the wall across from the car, their heads hitting the old bricks of the subway tunnel. They rolled forward headfirst and crumpled onto the dirt floor beside the track. They didn’t get up. I turned back to Thom and gave a nod and as much of a smile as I could muster. People started filing out through the other side of the car and clumsily half-running back to the Union Station platform. I laid my hand heavily on Thom’s shoulder and neither of us uttered a word. We just let out long breaths that seemed to expel more air than we had in our lungs. 
I stepped out of the car first, on the side where the kids were. I stood beside their little bodies and turned one over with my foot. The boy’s chest looked slightly caved in, multiple ribs forced back into his lungs and heart. The other boy had a large wound on his head. They still didn’t move. I felt nauseous. All I could think of when I looked at them was Jordan. My hands quickly jumped to my pants pockets, patting them down, then to my back pocket, where I found and pulled out my wallet. I flipped it open, dug my fingers into the little slot under all the cards, and pulled out a small, color picture of Diane pushing Jordan on the swing set in the backyard. I breathed in deeply, then let it out. I had to get home. I slid my wallet back into my pocket and motioned to Thom, who had already walked ahead a little. I started to walk towards him, then stopped. A thought occurred to me. What about the other cars? I didn’t see any other people come out after the emergency stop. I turned around and moved towards the car that was behind us, the one the large man had tried to escape to. I couldn’t see anything through the windows. The flickering fluorescent lights inside the car lit up the windows in quick flashes, revealing only dark red tinted windows, thick with little bits of passengers. If the passengers were all dead, and there were raving lunatics in their car, where were the lunatics now? The doors on that particular car were still closed. I walked closer, trying not to make noise on the gravel floor of the tunnel. Once I got within a few feet, I leaned in, turned an ear towards the car, and listened. At first I heard nothing. Then a faint scuffling. I looked through the blood smeared window again, trying to make out any movement. There didn’t seem to be any. Thom was now shouting quietly for me to come. I took one more step in towards the door and squinted my eyes, trying magically to use some x-ray vision to see through the chunky residue. A face struck the glass hard, startling me and making me stumble backwards over the loose gravel and fall on my ass. There was a female face with her cheek flattened against the glass panel in the door. She was pressed hard up to it, and her tongue was flicking in and out, licking the small bits from the greasy surface of the door. A few more scuffling noises shook up and down the car and I figured I was probably better off just getting the hell out of here. There were eight cars on this train, and it looked like for now, the doors to ours were the only ones that opened. I counted myself fortunate, got up out of the dirt, and made my way to Thom before something horrible could prevent me from doing so. 
We walked about a quarter of a mile down the tunnel until we saw the light from the platform. Many of the other passengers had already reached it; we could see silhouettes of people climbing up onto the tiled waiting area. I didn’t hear any screams, so at least that was a positive sign of what could be awaiting us on that platform. 


CHAPTER 4: THE ROAD TO DIANE

Once I struck out on my own, I had a vast assortment of menial jobs just as everyone does. I worked in the kitchen of a pizza place, as well as a 50s style burger place that was run by the best boss ever, a tough as nails broad that was no nonsense while at the same time fun to work for and with. She taught me to enjoy work instead of just tolerate it. After that I did the clothing racket at a college clothing store where I had to put on a fake smile and help jocks pick out which “U of whatever” sweatshirt they would look most cool in. I also worked at a few mom and pop movie rental stores, which is how I discovered my true passion: film. I had always enjoyed writing, but once I discovered movies I knew instantly it was the field I wanted to write about. I loved to both hear and tell stories. I loved the art of the storyteller and I fell in love with the movies. One year I spent working at a video store, and had no signs of any social life, I think I stopped counting how many movies I watched at about 1200. That was a good year. 
Eventually I made my way out of these jobs and landed a small gig writing for a music magazine. I did interviews, articles, reviews, that sort of thing, and I really liked it. I started taking on more freelance writing jobs, and I finally got to do a few pieces on the cinema, writing movie reviews and interviewing various directors, actors, etc. I always had a soft spot for the people who worked in horror movies. For some unexplained reason, they seemed friendlier, more welcoming, more casual, and loyal. Everyone knew each other and helped each other out. They were the film equivalent of the rap music industry, with everyone helping everyone else to further the genre. 
One day Thom called me up to let me know that his roommate had up and left for an acting job on a sitcom in New York, and Thom was having some trouble making the rent on his own. I lived alone in a modest, rodent-infested basement apartment, and the idea of living somewhere aboveground with my best friend seemed rather appealing. I moved in within the week, and became part of a strange communal apartment building known as The Brock. Thom had lived at The Brock for some time, as did a college buddy of mine, Patrick. I was introduced to a slew of characters who lived in the building, all colorful artsy types, and all very nice. We became a small tight-knit community. We had barbecues together, hung out, and watched movies. 
Patrick had a girlfriend who had moved in with him just before I moved in with Thom. Her name was Diane Burton. The first night we ever met, Patrick had invited a bunch of us over for movies on a hot summer night. As we all filed in and got comfortable, I was introduced to Diane. She was tall with very unique features, a long face, beautiful eyes, dark hair. She was also dressed up as if she was going out to a four-star restaurant, and the rest of us were in shorts and t-shirts. My first thought of her was ‘who does she think she is’? Too fancy for this group, that was for sure. She kept to herself most of the night and didn’t socialize much. She seemed like a rich kid at a poor kid’s party. 
As time passed, and we hung out more, I took a liking to Diane. Once I got to know her and she opened up more, she was quite amiable and surprisingly funny. She was actually very shy, and didn’t quite know what to think of Patrick’s friends. But Diane and I got along well. We started to hang out as a threesome more, Patrick, Diane, and I. As time passed, we became better acquainted, and found we had quite a bit in common. Eventually we started to hang out with each other on our own, mainly when Patrick was working odd shifts at his job at the plant. We did laundry at the laundromat together, went to movies, listened to music. Over time we became best friends, confidants. It was absolutely platonic and we were both okay with that. 
I can still remember clearly one day when we had gone out to get strawberries at a local farmers market. It was a perfect summer day, with warm air and a soft breeze. It was ideal. After picking up everything we needed, I got back to the car first, and waited by my door for her. I looked back and saw her crossing the parking lot, the sun low in the sky behind her; she was totally unaware that I was watching her. She was relaxed, happy, taking her time strolling in the essence of that beautiful summer’s day. A brief glimmer of romance skimmed the surface of my mind. She was a beautiful woman and I cared deeply about her. I quickly snapped out of it and told myself that she was just a close friend and nothing more. Or so I thought. 


CHAPTER 5: STATE OF THE UNION

After climbing onto the platform at Union, most riders just stood there as if waiting to be told what to do next by some transit officer that was never going to show up. Once we were up off the tracks, I looked around at our rag tag bunch of subway survivors. Most of them looked pretty frazzled, many of them with blood-soaked clothes, blood-soaked faces. Most talked quietly amongst themselves, trying to make sense of the house of horrors that was contained in that subway car. A few people took off running out of the subway station immediately, up the different sets of stairs, randomly choosing a way out as if they were picking the box or curtain on Let’s Make A Deal. Was that Wink Martindale? No. Monty Hall. Yup, Monty Hall. I was astounding myself with how my mind went to strange places under stress, as well as my impressive recollections of useless knowledge. 
Thom and I decided to stick around and let things cool down for a few minutes. Rushing into whatever came next could prove very hazardous, and we weren’t in any immediate danger on the platform. That is, unless some of those other subway doors opened. But for now they were closed and we had to figure out what to do. The rest of the riders seemed to be forming into small groups, going with their gut instincts as to who they could make it further with, who they could trust. There was no way to know of course, but at this stage, you have to take what you can get and follow your instincts. Thom and I stayed on our own, and a young woman named Isabel joined us as we discussed a plan of action. Isabel suggested that we leave the station, ‘borrow’ a truck, and try to find a way out of the city. I didn’t know how likely it would be that we could get out by vehicle; we were downtown and it was quite a hike to get out of the city, and masses of people would be doing the same thing right now. Thom suggested getting out via the waterways, and we were fairly close to the harborfront, but it would be harder to get a watercraft than a car. It was a good idea, but seemed an unlikely choice nonetheless. By now, almost all of the other riders had readied themselves and were getting prepared to leave the station. Some had selected the main hallway as their exit; others were going up the stairs to the central train terminal, hoping to run into some sort of authorities or help. I asked around to see if anyone had a cell phone I could borrow, and a few people offered one up, but with great hesitation. There was still no service anyway, so it did me no good. Thom, Isabel and I decided to follow the underground walkway, the P.A.T.H. system, and head away from Union Station before surfacing. We figured it would be madness around the station, and we wanted to keep our departure low key, stay under the radar. Unlike the others riders, we decided that now was not the time to make our escape. We would just keep meeting resistance, traffic jams, and panicked crowds. We all agreed that by hiding out overnight in some cubbyhole we might just fair better tomorrow, and actually have some success getting out of the city. We might be able to commandeer a vehicle of some sort, be it on water or land. We headed out as the other riders took deep breaths and went their own ways. 
We started out down the pathway, passing shops in the underground. All of them were abandoned; the doors still open, generic mall music playing over the speakers. We moved steadily but cautiously. Luckily, it was a relatively straight path, so there weren’t a lot of corners for anything to surprise us from. We came across a bank of pay phones, and Isabel and I ran to them as fast as our feet would carry us. Our hands searched through our pockets for any change we had, and we both tried to call home, me to Diane, and Isabel to whomever was most important to her. We both ended up with the same result, which was a dead line. We turned together like synchronized swimmers and looked at Thom, who stood in the pathway behind us, watching. We gave him our best deflated looks, and rejoined him to continue our mall walk. 
Eventually we came across a gift shop that sold knick-knacks, souvenirs, and that sort of thing. It had a large steel gate that tucked into pockets on either side of the entrance. Most of the other stores seemed to have regular aluminum or even wooden doors that closed like the front door of your house. This one seemed like it would withstand a little more abuse, should we need it to. We would hole up in there, close the doors, stay safe and secure for the time being, get rested, and set out the next morning. We entered the store cautiously, checking out all of the nooks and crannies and the small back storage room. It looked all clear. We faithfully tried the two phones that were inside, but dead air was all we got in return. The store had a small candy rack at the cash register, so at least we would have something to eat for the night. We closed up the steel doors, locked them with a rotated click, and settled into the back room with a couple of chocolate bars each. Isabel was around 20 years old with short brown hair. She was a healthy size, fit, not like all the other waifs you see touring the streets of Toronto. She had a few random piercings: ears, eyebrow, and a ring that encircled her bottom lip. We could also glimpse a few tattoos on her arms. She looked like she meant business, not the type of woman you would want to try to take advantage of. Although she was young, she looked wise in the face, old in the eyes, and street smart.
“So Isabel, what made you decide that going with two frazzled old guys would be your best option?” I said wryly.
 Isabel smiled as well, one corner of her mouth much higher than the other, giving her face a skewed but adorable facade.
“Everyone else on the platform had a panic in their eyes. We were all scared, but everyone else looked irrational, like they were about to flip out. You guys had a look of calm under the fear. Call it a hunch.”
Thom chirped in. “Time will tell I suppose. Good job so far, you’re trapped underground with diabetes-inducing sustenance and two guys who will probably snore.”
I almost spit out my gummies and we all had a much needed laugh. Isabel filled us in on what life she was living before this rude interruption.
“I work in a pub down here called Mick’s but I live in Scarborough. When I’m not working at Mick’s I’m taking a class studying Police Sciences. I would prefer to live in the city but it’s so friggin expensive so I just do the commute, gives me time for reading, studying, you know. It’s not that bad. I am a little worried about Dougie though.”
I raised my eyebrows. “Boyfriend?”
“No, my cat. He’s named after John Douglas, the guy who pioneered criminal profiling. I left some food this morning, enough for overnight since I would be working tonight, but if I don’t get home by tomorrow the poor thing will be starving.”
Thom put his hand on her shoulder.
“We’ll do the best we can to get you home to your profiling cat, don’t you worry.”
Isabel smiled and laid her hand over Thom’s, patting it.
We filled her in on abbreviated versions of our illustrious histories, although, as usual in social settings, Thom tended not to get too personal or detailed about his past. He basically just relayed his educational and childhood history, saying nothing about Nicole and Sam. 
After the getting to know you session, we had a fine dinner of chocolate and nougat with a lovely side of sour cherry candies. Although it would have been awkward behavior for strangers in everyday life, Isabel laid with her head on Thom’s lap, and Thom gently stroked her hair until she was asleep. It was calming to them both, and he eventually settled into a deep sleep himself. At some point, I also drifted off on the dusty floor of the little gift shop that just happened to have good doors. 


CHAPTER 6: GETTING OUT OF DODGE

The next morning, we awoke just as fatigued and emotionally drained as the day before, but at least our bodies were somewhat rested. When I first opened my eyes, I was disoriented and thought for a brief second that I was at home in bed beside Diane. As my mind focused and I realized where I actually was, I was suddenly very depressed that the previous day had not been a nightmare. Diane was the only thing on my mind that morning; I just wanted to hold her in my arms, or, at the very least, to hear her voice. I had to make contacting Diane my number two priority today, only after staying alive. 
We listened through the steel gates for any sounds or activity, but heard nothing. No voices, no running, no mass hysteria. We pocketed a few more candy bars and armed ourselves with whatever we could find to use as weapons. Thom found a good sized chunk of lumber in the back room, I had a steel bar that looked like it came from some sort of display unit, and Isabel had a large pair of scissors that looked like they would have been owned by some character played by Bette Davis or Joan Crawford in an old thriller movie. We opened the doors, and started out along the second half of the walkway system. We were walking for about 10 minutes when we reached a stairwell that ascended to the surface. The daylight shone a curtain of light down the stairs and onto the stained tile floor. We moved forward slowly, listening for noise from above, but heard nothing. We tread lightly up each step until we had a view of the street. 
Back in the seventies and eighties, I was a big fan of the now-classic George A. Romero zombie films. Even into the eighties and beyond, I loved anything post-apocalyptic, Night of the Comet, The Day After, 28 Days Later. When we reached the top of those stairs, it was as if I was watching one of those movies come to life. Front Street was completely abandoned. Cars were everywhere, some with opened doors, some with people still in them, although they weren’t in any shape to fill us in on what had happened. There was even the odd newspaper blowing around in the street for effect. All that was missing was the infamous “The Dead Walk” headline on the front page. It was looking a lot like a zombie movie, but this was reality. We didn’t have ‘zombies’ in Toronto. Or anywhere else for that matter. That left us wondering what in God’s name was happening here. 
We heard a low rumbling from somewhere up Bay Street, and a more distant rumbling from further down Front Street. We all ducked back into the stairwell and poked our heads out to see what, if anything, would materialize from the direction of the thunderous clatter. From north of the intersection, coming out of the financial district, crawled a huge, drab olive tank, steadily rolling through the intersection like an angular metal elephant. It was preceded by six soldiers armed with AR-15’s, and was followed by a parade of similar looking army men marching behind. The tank turned right onto Front Street, the pavement crackling under the heavy treads. The ground shook beneath our feet, and all the way down the street we could see tiny stones on the pavement jumping frantically in the air like fizz off a glass of Coke. Thom turned to me looking quite happy. 
“This is it, they can help us, what are we waiting for?”
I couldn’t be as certain. Being a movie buff, my mind automatically shifted to the rule that if things are going bad and the military shows up, things are probably not about to get better. However, it did make a heap more sense than hiding in a gift shop. 
“Alright.” I said, “But let’s go slowly . . . “
The three of us started up the steps with our hands raised; the last thing we needed was to be shot dead by other non-infected people. Just as our heads barely got in the clear, we heard a massive crash from the west, further down Front Street. It sounded like glass breaking and metal clanging, but on a very large scale, like a construction site accident. We froze in our tracks, and the soldiers did the same. Their guns rose to attention, sights aligned with well-trained eyes. The tank hit an abrupt stop as well, tossing some pavement chunks into the air in front of the treads as it lurched forward and then settled back. We were all waiting, and it was so quiet you could hear army-issue boots shifting in road gravel. Then the sound reached our ears and the tiny hairs on the back of my neck stood straight up. A din, a unified noise of many separate noises. I squinted and looked down Front Street, trying to make out something, anything. All I could see was the familiar haze of heat rising from the hot blacktop. Then, within the haze, something moved; at first, in the dead center of the air distortion, then straight across the entire road. The sound grew louder. It was the sound of voices, except that they were random, like animals grunting and groaning, instead of words. After another 30 seconds that felt like hours, they were finally visible. There must have been thousands of people, of all sizes, shapes and races. There was a lot of colour, bright clothing, hats, capes, and jackets. Large cardboard things hung on their backs. They held staffs and wore helmets. Then my eye caught a familiar sight. A Stormtrooper? Then another. Batman? Was I at some point hit on the head with something a blunt object? The call echoed out in the street from the soldiers’ radios, who braced themselves and repositioned, readied, and re-aimed their weapons. As the mob grew closer, it was an all-too-familiar sight. The science fiction/comic/horror convention was happening that day, and the geeks came out in droves. All of them. Infected. And all looking for something to kill. I spun around to Thom and Isabel, and with my eyes as unintentionally wide as they could go, motioned for them to go back down the stairwell, but they were one step ahead of me and already moving. As we turned our backs and ran, the loud firecracker popping of machine gun fire erupted in the street above, followed by a large boom that rattled debris from the ceiling above us. We ran back to the gift shop, but stopped short. We all looked at each other with the same thought in our heads. Did we really want to be stuck in a shop with no back door with thousands of those things behind us? We scrambled around looking for alternatives. After a few seconds of searching, Isabel found a door marked Maintenance, and it seemed to have a slightly bent doorknob that prevented it from closing securely. We looked inside to see a long tunnel with industrial lighting along the walls. We decided to take our chances in there; at least it might lead somewhere and although there may be some of those things in there, it was doubtful there were thousands. Thom and I heaved on the door once inside, forcing it shut and turning the automatic lock to click into place, popping the push bar back out on our side. We began a quick trot down the dirty hallway for a few minutes until we reached an arched metal door with a lever handle. Above the door, an old, rusted sign read ‘Sewer Access’. I raised my eyebrows and looked at my two travelling companions. Thom shrugged as if to say ‘after you, kind sir’. I cranked the lever and opened the door, which produced a high-pitched squeal that made the three of us wince. Inside the door, there was a hole in the metal floor, and a steel rung ladder descended into an area that gave off the least alluring aroma I have ever encountered. I stepped onto the first rung and prayed silently that I wasn’t leading us into our final resting place. I might die trying to get home, but I didn’t want it to be in a sewer. 


10 MINUTES FROM HOME
Episode Two
BY
BILL HOWARD

Denny, Thom and Isabel have escaped the madness of the streets and found a way out of the city. A long trek through the sewers takes them away from the dangers of Toronto, but as they get onto rural roads, a quiet country house may not only hold supplies and shelter, but may hold some answers.

- BOOKS of the DEAD -



CHAPTER 7: THE SUMMER OF RECEPTIONS

The summer of 1999 was full of weddings, the first of which was the marriage of Patrick and Diane. It had been a relatively short engagement, and the wedding was in May of that year. Diane had been busy making last minute plans for the ceremony, but we still found time to hang out and relax a little, something she may have needed more than I could know. About a week before the wedding, Diane and I were in my apartment watching TV, relaxing, and having our usual philosophical discussions about life. Out of nowhere Diane came out with a question that really knocked me on my ass. 
“Should I go ahead with the wedding?”
I was taken aback; I didn’t know how to respond to that. I had known Patrick for much longer than I knew Diane, and in the past I knew him to be a bit of a philanderer, but he was generally a good guy. As time marched on, I had become much closer to Diane than I ever was to Patrick. I didn’t know where to put my conflicting loyalties. Did I think she should marry him? I didn’t know. I assumed everything was good between them, but I didn’t know for sure. The fact that she was asking me this was an indication that maybe all was not as good as it seemed. I told her that it was her decision and that I couldn’t really tell her what to do either way. Needless to say, she went ahead with it. 
The wedding was a small and strange affair. Aside from Patrick and Diane, I was there as the best man, and Diane’s sister Marla was the maid of honour. No one else was there. No family was invited; the church was empty. At the time I thought it was strange, but I quickly shrugged it off. They went on their honeymoon to a resort in Mexico, but they didn’t seem to act as couples usually do after a romantic honeymoon; they just acted as if they had already been married forever, with none of the usual ‘new marriage’ excitement. 
As the summer went on, Diane and I continued to hang out a lot; nothing really changed between us after the marriage. During that summer of matrimony, we went to a total of four more weddings. The night of the fourth wedding, after the ceremony, Diane seemed to have come down with something and had decided to opt out of the reception and head home. Before the reception, the rest of us went back to the apartment building, and I decided to bring her over a book, Clive Barker’s Thief of Always, and a can of chicken noodle soup, and then I left with the others to head to the reception. 
I didn’t find the reception was as much fun as usual, mostly due to Diane’s absence. There was joking, drinking, and all-around fun, but I found myself sitting alone for a good part of the night, wondering if Diane was okay. The party ended late, and we didn’t get back to the Brock until about 2 a.m. I waved goodbye to Patrick and went into my apartment. Thom was still out with some friends of his so I had the place to myself and it was eerily quiet. I slumped onto the couch and clicked on the TV, and through very lazy eyes, took in an episode of Law & Order. As my eyelids became heavier and heavier, through the weariness of my vision I saw a book on the table in front of me. I forced my eyelids back open and tried to focus. It was the Thief of Always that I had just lent to Diane earlier in the evening. I smiled; she must have felt well enough at some point to make the effort to bring it back to my apartment, which was great. I picked up the book, shut off the TV, and headed to my beckoning bed. Once I was in my room, I reached over to put the book on my dresser when I noticed a wad of paper hanging out of the book, sandwiched between the pages. I didn’t remember leaving anything in the book when I brought it to Diane, so I grasped the paper and pulled it out. It was sketchpad paper, folded over several times. I unfolded it and glanced at the first line handwritten on the note:
First of all, I love you with all my heart. 
I stopped and looked up into nothing. My heart jumped and I was instantly panicked. I looked around the room to see if I was being watched--which was ridiculous, I know--but it seemed logical at the time. Was this some sort of joke? I opened the note back up and continued to read. 
The note went on to say that she had realized that she shouldn’t have gone through with her marriage, that she had known all along that it was a mistake, but had given in to pressure from herself as well as both of the families involved. She said the reason there were no family members invited to the wedding was really just to minimize the importance of the day in her own mind. She also said the honeymoon was horrible and her and Patrick had fought the entire time, and that she had cried during the entire flight home. She had just recently admitted to herself that she was really in love with me, but that it was not the reason for the second thoughts about her marriage. The thoughts just happened to come to light at the same time. I really couldn’t believe what I was reading, but at the same time, a switch flicked on inside my head and I finally admitted to myself that I felt the same way about her. I stayed up that entire night, reading the note over and over again. The next day at work, on my lunch break, I picked up the phone to call Diane. I had to let her know I felt the same way, and that we would get through this mess together. 


CHAPTER 8: THE SEWER THE BETTER

We had been walking through the downtown sewer system for about an hour when I came to the realization that, although it was disgusting down there, it wasn’t as bad as I would have anticipated. Most of the time we were trudging through about 5 inches of brown water, and we had haphazardly figured out how to go approximately east. Of course, the sewer system didn’t always want to go east, but we managed as best we could to stay the course. We hadn’t had the forethought or planning opportunity to gather much of a stash for our trek, but we did manage to grab some bottled water and snack food from the gift shop. Occasionally during our trek, we found an alcove or platform that was less disgusting than the rest, and sat to drink and eat. We had travelled about five hours when, through the democratic process of voting, we decided to take a look above ground. We walked until we found the first ladder and pinhole of light from above, and ascended to the surface. As the first one up, I had to brace my shoulder against the deceivingly heavy manhole cover to pop it open. Once raised, I slid it to one side and peered very slowly above, hoping that my head would stay joined to my body for at least a little while longer. We seemed to be in the middle of an industrial area, which I guess was a good thing, because there didn’t seem to be anyone around, infected or otherwise. I motioned for Thom to come up, and I pulled myself out of the hole and onto the pavement. My wet shoes sloshed against the ground, smacking the pavement like a fish hitting a dock. I stood upright and took notice of the surroundings, surveying the area, as it were. Thom and Isabel came up after me, their soaked footwear imitating the sounds of mine. There was a warehouse right in front of us, some sort of packing plant, and an industrial business complex on the opposite side of the road. Aside from those two buildings there didn’t seem to be anything around, just roads pulling away in each direction into farmlands. A few vehicles were scattered in the roadways, including an overturned pickup truck, but none appeared to have anyone in them. I figured there was a good chance we could salvage one of the cars and maybe make some good time getting home this morning. We walked guardedly into the open road towards a silver Rav-4 that was just off the road and up onto the grass across the street. The passenger door was open. Thom grabbed a metal signpost that was lying on the side of the road, and nodded to me as if to say he had my back. I approached the door, set my hand on the outside of it and, edging my way over, craned my neck to look inside. The front seat was empty. I moved onto the seat, and raised my head up over the headrest to get a glimpse into the back seat. There was nothing there either. Thom moved around to the back of the SUV and looked in the rear window to the storage area, and signaled that it was clear. I spun forward in the seat and shimmied over to the drivers’ side, reaching for the ignition. Now ordinarily this would be the part in the movie when the victims realize there are no keys and they have no hope of escaping. Thank Christ this was not a movie. The keys dangled from the ignition, a large metal AC/DC keychain on it that was so heavy and jagged that I’m sure it wouldn’t make it through an airport security check. I turned the key, hoping for some noise, and noise it made. It turned over in one try; it purred even. Thom and Isabel smiled, I think for the first time since all this started. They hopped in, Thom in the passenger seat and Isabel in the back, and slammed their doors simultaneously. I put the Rav in drive and started to hit the gas, but stopped. I turned to Thom, puzzled. 
“Umm, which way do we go?”
We all burst out laughing, and after a second or two, it became raucous laughter, more of a nervous laugh than anything else, but satisfying nonetheless. As we recovered from our laugh fest, Thom pointed out the windshield towards the east, but as I looked at his face, I wondered why picking a direction caused such a sudden cessation of his laughter and smile? My eyes followed his arm out from his body, past his hand and finger, and into the road ahead. Standing in the middle of the road about 50 yards ahead of us were three figures. None of them moved except for a visible rising and falling of their chests with heavy breathing. They did not look well; their faces were dark, stained. Their clothes were stained too. Isabel leaned into the front seat right beside my ear. 
“Reverse.” She whispered, as if they might hear. 
I shifted the car into reverse and looked over my shoulder. Past Isabel and into the road behind us, there were about 10-15 more people running out from behind the industrial complex and towards our car. My expression must have changed drastically; I might even have let out some sort of yell, because both Thom and Isabel jumped in their seats and looked back. Before I even had time to move my head back forward, I heard loud, low barks from either side of the car. We seemed to be a beacon, drawing out every infected thing within miles. Looking to the front again, the original three were now joined by about 13 more, and all running towards us. Thom and Isabel were both yelling “GO GO GO” at the top of their lungs. I slammed the car into drive and hit the gas so hard I thought my foot was going to go through the floor. The Rav-4 lurched forward, dirt from the road spraying up behind us as we bolted forward. The grill of the car made contact with the first infected person after about 10 yards, and to this day I will never forget the sick thud and the splatting sound that echoed through the car as it got bent over the hood and its head hit the windshield full force, shattering like a melon. With my foot glued to the floor, we ran over, clipped, and smacked more infected beings, covering the car with a dark red and yellow sludge. A few tried to grab and hang on to the car, but the roughness of the road bumped most of them off. One had a particularly strong hold of the luggage rails on the roof, and when we swerved, its head hit Isabel’s window and shattered into a million crystalline cubes. Oddly enough, that didn’t cause him to let go. Quite the contrary, he reached into the window and grabbed a handful of Isabel’s short hair. Isabel screamed with a piercing cry of pain as the strength of her hair roots was tested. She was yanked towards the window, her head slightly hanging out of the car as the thing tried to adjust its grip. Thom had spun around almost instantly and was reaching over his headrest in an attempt to pry the things fingers off. As we sped along at 80 km/hr, I noticed out of Thom’s side mirror that not one, but two more infected were actually climbing over the first one’s body to get to the car, their feet dragging in the dirt alongside the car. I yelled to Thom. 
“Two more climbing up the first one!”
Thom looked at me quickly. 
“Are you fuckin’ kidding me? Shit!”
Thom turned his attention back to Isabel, whose shoulders were now outside of the car window. One of her hands was clawing at the thing’s face, the other wrapped up in the middle seatbelt, her arm turning white from the pressure. Thom spun back around into the front, looking around frantically. He reached all over the car, in the glove box, under the seat. His hand came back up from under the seat with a large, red metal security club. He fleetingly smiled at me and turned back towards Isabel and her chain of zombies. As Thom turned to face the thing, its head was rearing back, its jaw opening so wide it seemed it might swallow the entire car. He jumped on the chance and shoved the club straight out like a sword into the its mouth. The other two things’ heads were now visible over each shoulder of the first one, yellow bile foaming out of their mouths. The club sunk deep into the infected thing’s throat, almost poking right through to the back of the neck were it not for a spine blocking the way. The thing gagged a horrible gag, yellow and red spray gushing out from its oral cavity. It almost seemed like slow motion as its fingers opened up on Isabel’s scalp, which was now bleeding down her forehead and streaking her face. The hand finally released its grasp of her scalp and the three gruesome, wet, screaming faces flew away from the car like a whip being cracked. Isabel slumped back into her seat, her left arm finally free to be loosened from the seatbelt. Thom leaned between the seats halfway into the back and grabbed her face. 
“Are you okay? Isabel, are you okay?” his voice trembled. 
Isabel’s eyes fluttered then came to rest on Thom’s face. Her features began to relax and her body calm. 
“Yes. I’m okay. Thank you.”
Thom slumped down, almost lying between the seats and let out a huge breath. I did the same and then checked all the mirrors around the car. All seemed clear. For now. The only thing that lay ahead of us now was a long country road with nothing on it, which seemed a little strange all things considered. 


CHAPTER 9: THOMAS RICHARD WASHINGTON

Thomas Richard Washington was born in Flushing, New York in 1974. At the age of six, his parents moved to Pickering, Ontario due to an illness of his father’s. Thom’s mother was Canadian, so it made sense to move to Canada to be with his mother’s family, who could help take care of his father. 
Thom’s teenage years were rough. He got into some trouble with the law after getting involved with some delinquent friends, and when at 15, he lost his father to cancer, he had a hard time dealing with the loss. After a near-death incident involving a stolen car at age 16, Thom had a wake up call and started to get his life together. He dropped the criminal activity, went back to school, and took care of his mother as she tried valiantly to support them both. After high school, Thom went to university and studied music production, which he graduated with honours. 
He worked for a few years with a label producing underground hip-hop music, which is where he met Nicole. Nicole was an assistant to one of the artists Thom was working with and they hit it off instantly. After dating for about 6 months, they moved in together. After only 3 months of living together, Thom proposed to Nicole by playing a song he wrote for her over dinner that he recorded with Kelvin Mercer of De La Soul, who was a long time friend of Thom’s. Needless to say, it won her over and she said yes. 
Thom and Nicole (who were often teased about the Cruise/Kidman connection) moved into a cozy house in Pickering and they started up their own small hip-hop label, Clarity Records. It was quite successful and afforded them a comfortable life. In the summer of 2001, Nicole announced nonchalantly over some late night work that she was pregnant. The next time I saw Thom, he beamed as I had never seen him do before. Their daughter, Samantha (or Sam, for short), was born on March 15, 2002, and was the joy of their lives. They were the picture perfect family, right out of the pages of a magazine--or a baby food commercial. They were all so happy and content with their lives and their good fortune. Fortune is a funny thing though, as for some bizarre, unexplainable reason, it always tends to have a short shelf life. 
On December 11, 2008, Thom, Nicole, and Sam were visiting family in Oshawa, just east of Pickering. The weather had turned bad that day as they visited Nicole’s parents, planning the Christmas ahead, and letting the grandparents have some fawning time over their precious granddaughter. 
As it was time to leave, they had to decide whether to stay the night or brave the storm. Thom opted to tackle the storm. Having lived in Ontario most of his life, he had seen some doozy’s in the snowstorm department, and this one didn’t look all that bad. Plus, it was only about a 40-minute drive home. They bundled up and headed out, blowing drifts circling around them as they loaded into the car. Thom liked to stay clear of the busier roads in weather like this; the panic of other drivers on the road seemed much worse to contend with than the snow itself. 
He took Winchester Road most of the way westbound into Ajax, the last town before Pickering. Winchester ran through some remote woods and farms, but it was a well-used and reliable road. As Thom drove cautiously over a small bridge and up over a hill he had traveled many times, he normally would have been alerted by headlamps as they beamed up into the falling snow, and he could have edged over to the right shoulder for safety. However, on that particular night, a 17-year-old boy named Caleb Martin thought it would be fun to go out with his friend and do donuts in the Wal-Mart parking lot. Sure enough, they had fun, but when he thought it would be just as much fun to turn off his headlights and cut the ignition on the way home, just to give his friend Dennis a fright on the near-abandoned Winchester Road, the evening took a turn for the worse. As Caleb hit the bottom of the first hill after turning off the lights, his car careened off to the left, fishtailing and then spinning 90 degrees, sliding sideways straight up the next hill. Caleb panicked and Dennis screamed. Caleb turned the ignition back on as the car slid up the hill, but by that time it was too late. All Thom saw was a bright flash of headlights burst off to his right onto the trees, and his eyes instinctively followed that light. When his vision switched back to the road, there was only enough time to see the passenger door of Caleb’s car slam into the front of his own car. The crash was thunderous, bashing Caleb’s car violently back and off the road into the tree-lined ditch. Thom’s car skidded forward and to the left, the trunk of the car swinging out towards the trees on the opposite side of the road. Thom’s car was now moving with great momentum sideways and downhill. The sides of the tires pushed through the snow until they could push no more, and just stopped. The rest of Thom’s car wasn’t finished moving yet, so it just rolled the rest of the way down the hill, a total of six times, until the bumper caught a pothole under the snow and pitched the car trunk over hood until it finally came to a stop upside down in the valley between the two hills. It took about 13 minutes before another car finally came down that road and saw the carnage that the collision had caused. 911 was called, and the paramedics from the fire department arrived on scene first. The two teenage boys were dead on the scene, still in their seats with their seatbelts fastened, Caleb with a massive head wound from contact with the doorframe and Dennis with a punctured heart and lung from his ribs collapsing after the case of beer on his lap met the airbag. 
When the first paramedic glanced into the overturned driver’s window of Thom’s car, he saw Thom looking about, his eyes frantically blinking, trying to get the blood out of them. He had just awoke from his blackout, and his hands frantically searched out in front of him, feeling the dash, the steering wheel, and finally the passenger seat. He couldn’t turn his head, as being upside down had forced him out of his seat, his cheek was pressed against the ceiling of the car interior and bent towards the onlooking paramedic. His hand searched blindly, but he could only feel the seat itself. He started shrieking to the medic, asking about Nicole and Sam. The blood on his face was now mixing with tears of hysteria, watering down his hairline as they streamed up his forehead. The paramedic looked past Thom, but there was no one in the passenger seat, only a dangling seat belt. Thom watched the medic’s face as he turned to look behind Thom and into the back seat. The expression on the medic’s face blanched, his pupils dilated and his skin paled. He turned back towards Thom and assured him he would be alright. Thom started to sob deeply, not knowing what had happened or the state of his lovely girls. After a while, they managed to cut Thom’s door off and cut through his seatbelt, sliding him out of the car and onto one of those trauma stretchers, putting a neck brace on him and immobilizing him onto the narrow board. As they lifted the stretcher and turned Thom towards the helicopter that had landed in a field by the road, he noticed a pale orange emergency blanket about 60 yards from the car, in the grass off to the side and about 5 feet from a tree. The blanket was covering something, someone. He could tell from the length of the shape that it had to be Nicole. His heart emptied and his sobs echoed throughout the now hollow chamber in his chest. He wouldn’t find out for another hour that Sam was still in the car, but the cervical spine at the base of her skull had been shattered. She had died on impact. Upon hearing the news, Thom wished he had too. 


CHAPTER 10: IN COUNTRY

We had been driving straight for about 15 minutes, and figured we must be somewhere on the outskirts of Toronto, heading towards Scarborough. We hadn’t seen a living thing for the duration of the drive. Thom had moved into the back seat, and was using an emergency first aid kit that was stowed with the spare tire to clean up Isabel’s wounds as best he could. We were driving through a lightly wooded area, the summer foliage was so thick you could only see in about 3 or 4 trees deep into the forest. Ever since we got away from that last pack of infected, my thoughts had turned back to Diane. Had she gotten Jordan out of daycare? Were they even at home? Did this thing spread outside of the city limits? I had to find out soon, it was driving me mad. We whizzed past a dirt driveway with a white mailbox posted at the end of it. I slammed on the brakes, causing Thom and Isabel to lurch into the backs of the front seats. They both looked at me with annoyed expressions. 
“There’s a house there, back about 30 feet. I’m going crazy; I have to see if they have a phone and if it works. It’s getting late, and we’re going to have to stop for the night, it’s too risky to travel in the dark and I have to find out about Diane and Jordan. It might be my last chance for a while. “
Thom’s face softened, as did Isabel’s, and they agreed to go to the house to see if there was anyone there. I pulled the car off to the side of the road, locked it, and we set off up the unpaved driveway. 
The house was small, tidy brick bungalow probably from built around 1950s. A weathered white-painted porch wrapped around the front and one side of it, and there was an old screen door on the front. Thom veered off to the left side of the porch, peering in through the windows. He motioned that he didn’t see anything. I walked up to the front door with Isabel, and pulled open the screen door with an unusually loud screech. I tightened my fist inches from the wood surface of the old, wooden front door, and looked at Isabel. She shrugged, gave a nod towards the door, and tightened her grip on the tire iron that she found with the first aid kit in the car. I rapped my knuckles against the door three times, not too hard, but hard enough to be heard throughout the house. We waited a few minutes, but there was no answer. I tried the doorknob and it clicked in my hand, the door popping ajar. Thom rejoined us at the front and we stepped into the foyer. 
A dark wooden staircase ascended right in front of us, and to the left was a large living room. It appeared that straight down the hallway was a kitchen at the back of the house. We walked towards the living room, leaning into the space without fully entering the room. Thom called out for a response, but there was no reply. The room was tidy, it looked lived in, but not a soul to be found. There was a small side table with a cordless phone on it, which I snapped up pretty damn fast. I hit the talk button and listened. There was a dial tone. I dialed my home number and waited. One ring. Two. A click, then silence. 
“Hello? Diane?” My voice trembled. 
No one responded. Then I got a cut off signal, that annoying fast-repeating tone. I put the phone in my back pocket. 
“Lets check the rest of the house, and then I’ll try again.”
We lined back up and proceeded to the kitchen at the back. There was a plate with a half-eaten sandwich on it, and an untouched glass of milk. I felt the glass, it was not cold anymore, but the milk didn’t smell spoiled, so it couldn’t have been there too long. I didn’t remember seeing any vehicles out front, so maybe the occupants left. Isabel stayed in the kitchen, looking through the cupboards for some food, while Thom and I went upstairs. The old wooden stairs creaked as we went up, the old carpet runner doing nothing to quell the noise. When we reached the hallway at the top of the stairs, we saw three doors, all of them opened to varying degrees. The first one we came upon was a bathroom. I opened the door and peered inside. Like the downstairs, it seemed undisturbed, but upon closer examination, there were small drops of red in the sink. They looked to be the consistency of blood, but it was not a large amount. It looked almost as if someone had cut themselves shaving. I glanced at Thom, who stepped beside me to examine the drops. He shrugged. I turned around, pulled back the shower curtain, and jumped back, banging into Thom and knocking us both into the bathroom vanity. There was a woman, maybe in her 60s, lying in the tub. There was no water in the tub, and she was fully dressed. She didn’t appear to have any signs of trauma; there was no blood, and her clothes were intact. Her face was frozen in a creepy stare, but how else are you going to look when you’re dead in a tub? As I turned back to Thom, I noticed something on the floor between the vanity and the toilet. I bent over and came back up with a straight razor. It had a small line of blood along its blade. Thom and I studied it, but we were both puzzled. I bent back over the tub and looked over the woman more carefully. I looked around her face, her neck, and finally at her hands. There was a grey smudge in the crook of her thumb on the right hand, and on the left wrist was a small cut, maybe an inch, and not very deep. I grabbed hold of her shoulder and lifted it off the bottom of the tub. We heard the rattle of something small and plastic hit the surface of the tub, and Thom had to reach in under her to find it while I held her up. His hand came back from the drain of the tub with a small orange pill bottle. It was empty. It was pretty easy to put the pieces together at that point, and we thought we should look around the rest of the house. 
The next room was a bedroom. It was nice, clean, and very sparse. The bed was made with hospital corners, and everything seemed in its place. We went back out into the hall, gave a shout downstairs to make sure all was kosher with Isabel, who responded in kind, then we went to the last room. Before the door was even open, we knew it was a child’s room, mainly from the sparkly, handmade crayon-written sign that read “Jason”. Once we had opened the door, we wished we had stopped the search at the first bedroom. A small boy who we could only presume to be Jason was lying facedown in the bed, with a large peacock-like spatter of blood on the pillows and wall above him. Lying on the floor next to the bed was a Colt 45 automatic handgun. I only knew it was a Colt from the vast amount of times I’ve seen them used in movies. The whole picture of what had happened here flashed through my mind, and it wasn’t one I particularly cared to see. I covered up the boy and picked up the handgun, giving it to Thom, who reluctantly took it. We left the room, closing the door behind us. 
Once back downstairs, we told Isabel about Jason’s room and the bathroom, after which Isabel had to sit down for a moment to comprehend it. 
When we went into the kitchen we noticed that Isabel had found lots of food and had assembled a makeshift meal on the table. Three bowls of Beefaroni, a plate of buttered bread, and three cold glasses of milk. A small bowl of apples accompanied the feast. After eating the meal in record time, we packed up a few food items in a knapsack we found in the hall closet, as well as a box of bullets for the gun, which we had found in the bedroom. As we sat around the table discussing what to do next, we heard a bang over our heads. We all looked up at once, staring at the ceiling. It seemed we stared for an hour. Another bang, followed by a scraping sound, and, finally, a scuffle across the floor. We all jumped up from our chairs, Thom’s gun already drawn. 
“What the fuck was that?” Thom muttered, his voice cracking a bit. 
“Let’s just go.” Isabel replied quickly. 
We gathered up our things and started moving down the hallway towards the front door, all of our heads turned with eyes focused on the top of the stairs. Just as my hand touched the doorknob, we heard a high-pitched screech from upstairs, and the sound of a door smashing against a wall. I turned the knob fast, and before I had the door open, there it was. The little boy we had seen on his bed with his head blown open was standing hunched at the top of the stairs, red foam dripping from his chin. His head moved in jerky, sudden movements, like a bird. We all froze. The head snapped and turned, and its eyes locked on us. Its mouth opened so wide, the chin almost touched its chest, and it let out the loudest, most piercing cry my ears have ever heard. I flung the door open as the thing leapt up on the banister and its tongue flicked out, spraying the foam out into the air over the foyer. As the door cracked against the wall behind it, we started moving out and the thing launched itself off the banister with powerful legs, throwing itself into the air between the stairs and us. Thom was the last one out, and as he stepped down the front porch stairs, he turned around and raised the gun, leveling it at the hole where the front door was. He turned just in time to see the thing land on the old floor in the foyer, dust puffing up between the floorboards from the force of its impact. Almost immediately, it was up on all fours, crawling like an animal, running towards us. Thom had the gun pointed right at it, but he didn’t fire. His hand shook. We were about 10 feet ahead of Thom when the thing jumped off the porch and right into Thom’s torso, both of them hitting the ground and rolling together in a ball of arms and legs. Isabel and I both stopped and turned back, our feet taking us towards the Thom/thing in the dirt. The gun had flung from Thom’s hand and onto the lawn, so Isabel made a run for it as I approached Thom. I didn’t know how to react, what to do. They were rolling around like fighting dogs, yelps and squeals coming from the thing, grunts from Thom. I reached in to the flurry and grabbed the thing by the hair, pulling its head up from the mess. Its face was stained red and yellow, its eyes wild. Once it looked up at me, I kicked my foot right into its face, knocking it backwards off Thom. Its nails were holding Thom on the shoulders so tight that when I kicked it, it tore Thom’s shirt through and ripped flesh from his shoulder blades. At least it let go of him and tumbled head over heels past Thom’s feet. Thom scrambled up fast, and moved in behind me, blood soaking the back of his shirt. The thing flailed for a moment like an insect on its back, and then righted itself. Again, its arms and legs went out in all directions, solidifying its stance in the dirt. It belched out a rough, gravelly roar and moved forward again. I stuck out my arm behind me to the side of Thom, and pushed us both to the left, where we fell on our sides. The thing flew right past us and skidded into the driveway, spinning as it stopped, and facing us once more. A loud crack echoed through the air as the side mirror of the car exploded, the pieces flying in all directions. Thom and I both looked over, startled. Isabel was kneeling in the lawn aiming the gun at the thing, smoke lazily creeping skyward from the barrel. The thing’s head jerked towards Isabel, and in an instant, it was headed her way. I jumped up and started towards it as it ran, but my feet slid under the loose gravel and I fell forward, my face planting into the rocky driveway. As my slide came to a stop, a foot slammed into the dirt in front of my face, kicking dust up into my eyes. I pulled my head back and wiped my eyes, just in time to see Thom, who had hurdled over me, chasing down the wild boy. Another shot rang out when the thing was only about 8 feet from Isabel; the bullet caught it on the left side of the abdomen, forcing the boy into a grotesque pirouette, thumping onto its side on the ground just in front of Isabel. Thom dropped onto it as it fell, pushing its head into the lawn, jaws snapping. Its arms shot out, looking for something to grab, and found Isabel’s ankle. As soon as its fingers felt flesh, it pulled, dropping Isabel to the ground. The gun fell out of her hand and into the grass again. Isabel turned and tried to crawl away, but the thing’s grip was too strong; in fact, it began to pull her towards itself. Thom saw the hand around Isabel’s ankle, as well as the look of fear in Isabel’s eyes as they welled up with tears. He looked down at the thing, gazed into the large wound on the back of its head, and saw it for the first time as a thing, and not as a young boy. He knew if it got Isabel, it would kill her. He reached down under the things chin with both hands, and while sitting on its back, threw all of his weight in the opposite direction, pulling its chin up and around until it met its own back. The crack was like that of a thick tree branch breaking under a great weight. Finally it stopped moving, and its grip on Isabel loosened. Its once-wild eyes now looked empty staring up at Thom from above its back. Thom stood up and stepped over it, reaching out for Isabel. She took his hand and clumsily got to her feet, falling into his tight embrace as soon as she was up. Thom reciprocated the hug, and they stood there for a moment together. By that time I was back on my feet, and I just stood there, catching my breath, wondering what the hell just happened. Then I remembered the phone. My hand went to my back pocket, but it was empty. 
“The phone, it must have fallen out.” I said in an unusually high voice. 
Isabel and Thom let go of each other and looked at me, then started looking around on the lawn. I looked up to the porch and into the front foyer but saw nothing. Isabel shouted out a loud ‘got it’, and I ran over to her. She handed the phone to me, even though I am sure she would have liked to use it herself. I dialed the number again and let it ring. On the third ring this time, it clicked again. I spoke Diane’s name again and listened carefully for any feedback. A small voice spoke on the other end. 
“Denny?”
It was small, and it was quiet, but it was Diane. 
“Oh my God honey. Are you okay? Is Jordan okay? I don’t know what the hell is going on, but I’ve been trying to call you, the world has gone insane, there are these crazy people, animals…”
Diane cut me off. 
“Denny. It’s everywhere. I picked up Jordan from daycare and got her home; she’s in bed, frightened out of her mind. So am I. I watched the news but they don’t seem to know what’s going on either, everyone just seems to have gone mad. I boarded up all the windows and doors as best I could and I’m just trying to stay quiet. The power went out at about seven this morning; I’m on the landline right now. God Denny, I am so scared, but I thought I would never hear your voice again. Are you coming home?”
“Yes, baby yes. I am still with Thom, and a girl named Isabel. We’re trying to get home. We have a car now, and I hope it won’t be much longer. Just stay inside and stay quiet; I’ll be home soon baby, I swear to God. I love you so much, just give Jordan a kiss for me, and as soon as I can call you again, I will.”
“Okay. I love you too. Please be careful. I need you to come home. I love you.”
After a few more tear-muffled I love you’s, I hit the hang up button, and it was one of the hardest things I have ever had to do. Isabel used the phone next to call her mother in Toronto, and she got through on the first try. She talked to her mother for a minute or so and found out she had barricaded herself in her apartment. As Isabel was just starting to show signs of relief, her face deepened. 
“Mom? Are you still there?”
Isabel put the phone on speaker.
A hushed voice spoke back. 
“Yes, I’m here. I just heard something. Out on the balcony.”
“Mom, you have to block the patio doors, you have to do it now!” Isabel was breathing heavily, sweating. 
“Don’t worry dear, I’m on the 23rd floor, I really don’t think that anything could…”
Then all you could hear was a loud crash of glass over the phone, followed by phlegmy barks in the background. 
Isabel’s mother whispered very calmly into the phone. 
“I love you sweetie. With everything I am, I love you. Keep safe, take care of yourself, and get through this. We’ll be together again someday, God as my witness.”
Then there was a loud roar followed by a very sharp scream before the phone line went dead. Isabel dropped the handset and slumped to the floor, sobbing. Thom walked over, picked up the phone and set it back onto its cradle. Then he got down on his knees, wrapped his arms around Isabel, and held her. 


CHAPTER 11: ISABEL LUCINDA HAWKINS

Isabel Lucinda Hawkins was born April 13, 1990, in Georgetown, DC, while her parents were on a business trip. Jonathan and Chantal Hawkins worked and lived together in Toronto, where Jonathan was a renowned heart surgeon and Chantal was his personal assistant. When Chantal was 8 months pregnant they attended a lecture that Jonathan was giving at Georgetown University in DC. They figured they had plenty of time to get the lecture in and get home for the weeks leading up to their daughter’s birth. It seemed Isabel had decided she liked Georgetown, and that night in their hotel after the lecture, Chantal started having contractions. 2 hours later at Georgetown University Hospital, Isabel Lucinda Hawkins was born. 
After returning home to Kingston, Chantal and Jonathan lived a blissful life with their new daughter. As the years went by, Isabel grew, and she was a good child. She was well-mannered, well-behaved, and a beauty to behold. When Isabel was 12, her father was diagnosed with lung cancer even though he had never smoked a day in his life. This came as a huge shock to everyone, but especially to Jonathan himself. It turned out that even though he lived a very healthy lifestyle, he had gotten lung cancer from Radon exposure, a gas that can seep in through the foundation of your house. He went through the usual treatments, and after a year or so, his condition seemed to be improving. Even so, he didn’t go back to performing surgeries right away. His recovery was slow, hampered by a string of viruses that he caught while his immune system was in repair. Over the course of the next 2 years, Jonathan suffered many relapses, each one seeming to break him down a little more. Early in 2004, Jonathan started showing more signs of improvement, he was eating better, looking healthier, and his attitude had improved. Best of all, the cancer seemed to have gone into remission. But a few months later, after consulting with his own doctor, it was discovered that the cancer was now manifesting as fluid build-up in his lungs and around his heart. Even though he wasn’t in any pain, they kept him in the hospital for observation. On April 10, 2004, Jonathan’s blood pressure began to drop and just kept dropping. Chantal was at his side as he quietly passed away in the hospital bed, telling Chantal how much he loved her before drifting off into an eternal sleep. Isabel was at home with a sitter, still asleep, and the next time Isabel saw her father was at the viewing 3 days later. She was very composed for a girl who had to mourn her father on her 14th birthday. She kissed him gently on the cheek and barely left her mother’s arms for the next week. 
After graduating high school, Isabel told her mother she wanted to find her own way and make it on her own. With her mother’s blessing, she moved to Scarborough and started a course in Police Sciences. She lived in a small apartment with her cat, Rizzo, who was named after the rat from the Muppets. She got a job at a pub waitressing through a friend of hers, Meagan, who was also a server there. Her mother was helping her with tuition so Isabel took the pub job more as a means to keep her mind busy than to pay bills. She liked it very much though; she liked the interactions with people, the busyness of it. She did well in Police Sciences; she had always had a passion for science in general, and always knew she wanted to do something that helped people. She visited her mother in Kingston every chance she had, and they would just sit over coffee, laugh, and reminisce about Isabel’s father. They both missed him so much, but Isabel had reached a place in her life where she was happy and she knew her father would be proud of her. 


CHAPTER 12: THE INFORMATION HIGHWAY

After recovering from the heart wrenching business of making phone calls, I thought we should try to get some information on what was happening. After all, it had been over 24 hours since we left the cinema, there had to be news. I walked into the living room again, and sat on the couch, flipping over magazines on the coffee table looking for a remote. I found it beside the seat cushion. I clicked on the TV, which was a little older and took a few seconds to warm up. Once on, we got a nice clear shot of static. I hit the channel up button a few times, but got nothing. As I let out a defeated sigh, Thom piped up. 
“Denny, look. She has a PVR. “
Sure enough, sitting under the TV was a black box that just might contain some answers. I put the TV on AUX and turned on the PVR. The menu sprung to life, a list containing a few episodes of American Idol and Grey’s Anatomy, but also had one listing named ‘news’. It was a long recording, some 3 hours or so. I looked over to Thom and Isabel, and they looked as pensive as I felt. I selected the news and pressed play. For the next 3 hours, we sat riveted to a newscast that didn’t seem to be real. I felt like I was dreaming, the world was going hazy and surreal. It seems that the outbreak started around the time we went into the first movie, and when it hit, it hit hard. For the first couple of hours, they speculated on many causes, from the ridiculous--rabies--to the scary--terrorist viral attacks. In the third hour, they seemed to get some information that the source of the infection might be a vaccine. In particular, the swine flu vaccine. An expert on the news who had his face obscured claimed that the vaccine was rushed out to satisfy public and government demand when the swine flu hit, and that it never went through the proper channels of testing. But of course, they never thought it could do anything like this. They figured there could maybe be some side effects, but not a full blown, fast acting, contagious viral strain. It had manifested first in hospitals and clinics, and then, in a terrifying announcement, daycares. As soon as that word reached my ears, I broke into a dizzying sweat and thought of Jordan. Had anyone at her daycare been infected? Diane mentioned Jordan had a cough the previous morning, but she didn’t say anything on the phone about her getting worse. Surely she would have shown signs by then. The report continued, saying that the military was called in to secure towns and cities, mainly to ensure people were not travelling to loved ones, and therefore increasing the risk of the virus spreading. The military were also confiscating and/or immobilizing all unauthorized vehicles so that people wouldn’t try to get to family members and take the virus with them, spreading it like wildfire. That would make our journey difficult. In the footage shown on the newscast, the military seemed to be rounding up anyone found outside of their homes, putting them into controlled safe houses. I had to make sure I didn’t end up in one of those, at least not until after I got home. 
I got up and reached for the phone again when we all heard an engine roar to life outside. It had been so quiet but for the newscast that it startled us. I rushed to the window to see three men getting into our car. I yelled as Thom ran out the front door with his gun out. Thom’s exit from the front door was greeted by a gunshot shattering the wooden doorframe to his right, spraying shards of wood into his face. He ducked reactively, and backed up into the house again. The car kicked up dirt and started to pull away, Thom leaned out of the door and fired two random shots at the car, but they just flew through the air over the fields. 
“What the fuck are we supposed to do now?” Thom screamed. 
I walked over to him and put my hands on his shoulders. 
“Calm down, its okay. We can just walk for a while, I’m sure we’ll come across another farm soon, and we’re bound to find another car.”
I wasn’t sure I believed my own words, but Thom seemed to, as did Isabel. I tried calling Diane again, but just got a busy signal. We stuck around for another hour, but I couldn’t get through. We searched the whole house again, hoping to find a cell phone to bring with us, but came up empty handed. I brought the cordless phone anyway, figuring I would keep trying until it got out of range, which wouldn’t take long, and we continued down the road heading east. It was getting late in the day now, and I was hoping we would find some sort of shelter before dark. None of us really wanted to be walking in pitch-blackness in this infected world, that much was certain. 


10 MINUTES FROM HOME
Episode Three
BY
BILL HOWARD

In the relative safety of a mall, Denny, Thom and Isabel take advantage of the situation and stock up on supplies. They meet John, a security guard, who tells them that there may be an even greater danger from the local uninfected visitors.

- BOOKS of the DEAD -


CHAPTER 13: THE GREEN MILES

We spent nearly two days walking through the countryside. We saw nothing but fields upon fields for days, stopping in assorted farmhouses for supplies, food, and shelter. Every night around sunset, we would settle into some barn or house, somewhere we could rest safely. Strangely, we never saw a single vehicle on the road or on any properties. We found one more gun, a shotgun, in the basement of a farmhouse, but we could only find five shells for it. I took over the handgun and Thom took the heavier-duty shotgun, since he had some hunting experience. We found a hunting knife for Isabel, but neither Thom nor I ever planned on anything getting close enough to her that she would need to use it. 
On the third night, we stopped in a home that seemed to be close to a city centre. We could see from the front of the house that it was situated high on a hill about a mile from town. It was already dark, so we decided to stay the night, get some rest, and head into the city in the morning. We could only assume it was either Scarborough or Pickering. We kept our fingers crossed that it was Pickering, one step closer to home, but the way things had been so far, it was difficult to gauge how far we had come. 
Once dawn cracked above the horizon, we went to the second story windows to get a good look out at the city in front of us. It appeared to be Scarborough. We could see a business area to the left, and a large mall to the right. Isabel took out a pair of binoculars we had acquired the night before, and looked out over the city. As she scanned the area, there was one thing of note that lay in the lenses. There seemed to be a large military presence moving its way into Scarborough. Some streets had checkpoints going into the city, and sandbagged checkpoints with gun mounts were being set up all over the place. To the south, where the mall was, the military presence didn't seem to be as heavy--not yet anyway. They seemed to have concentrated their efforts north of the 401 highway. We had a pow wow over a container of homemade cookies we had found in the same house as the binoculars, and decided the best course of action was to make our way in through the mall and out the far end, which would give us access to the myriad of apartment buildings on the other side. It would at least give us a good amount of cover to gain some ground, and we could gather some extra supplies. 
We made our way down the hill to the south, and crept along some fields in surrounding farmland so we could get close enough to the mall to get up to a loading dock. Once at the dock, we stuck to the walls and made our way around the building until we found an entrance on the lowest level by the bus terminal. We took a chance and smashed the lower glass panel of a door to get in. Once in, we walked down a darkened hallway until we reached the sun-drenched interior of the mall. Once out of the service hallway, we all stopped and took in the scene before us. It wasn't too often you got to see a mall completely empty. With all the bright colors from the vast array of merchandise, light coming through every window and skylight, refracting off all the glass displays everywhere and the silence of the place, it almost took on the appearance of a vast commercial cathedral. Which kind of made sense, most of us did like to kneel and pray before the almighty clearance signs, the altar of the discount rack. Take our daily bread from the creepy red clown or the fried chicken deity dressed all in white. Romero wasn't that far off when he thought we would all come here after we died. We just got here a little early. 
An abandoned mall was a very strange sight indeed. What was the point of all this consumerism with no consumers? Isabel turned to me with a smirk and a tilted head. 
"What?" I asked. 
"It just occurred to me," Isabel dryly replied. "Our world is overrun by zombie-like creatures, and we went to a mall? Just a little predictable isn't it?"
We had a bit of a laugh over that, but it did make sense. If we were going to find anything we needed, it would be at the mall. We walked around for a while, taking stock of what we might need for the rest of the journey home. We got some flashlights, some prepared foods, knives, and a few cell phones, even though the ones we tried didn't seem to have any service whatsoever at this point. After our spree, we sat down in the food court and laid out our plan of action. Isabel had initially come with us to get to Kingston and to her mother, but obviously that was not a possibility anymore. I think she just wanted to be with someone, doing something. Our plan was to stop by Thom's house to get a couple of personal items, then to make it to Diane and Jordan in Oshawa. Maybe the military would be an option to help us at that point, but I wasn't about to sacrifice getting to Diane and Jordan just to be quarantined by the military. God knows when/if I would make it back home if I were detained by them. So this was our plan. I thanked them both repeatedly for wanting to come with me, especially since they probably would have been safer holed up somewhere. They dismissed my gratitude and said they wouldn’t have it any other way. 
We decided to try to find some sort of security office, thinking that if they had surveillance cameras, we could double check the area outside the mall before making our next move. Isabel seemed to be fairly familiar with the layout of the mall, so she led us in the general direction of where she thought it would be, and within a few minutes, we had found it. The glass windows of the office had been smashed out, and the door appeared to have been ripped off its hinges; it lay broken and twisted on the floor halfway through the doorframe. We stepped over it and into the office; there were papers and files everywhere, and furniture was haphazardly strewn all over the room. I walked behind the desk to the access door leading into the back office. That door was intact, but open. With my handgun drawn in front of me, I entered the back room, where it seemed the supervisor’s offices were, along with a few holding cells. I walked past the first cell, which was really nothing more than a reinforced closet with a steel door. I peered inside the thick meshed glass window into the cell. Darkness and nothing more. I stepped up to the second one, pressed my nose to the glass, and was greeted by a face thrown in front of mine, slamming into the glass and leaving a thick mucousy splat on it. I jumped back and the thing inside freaked out spasmodically, banging against the door like a rabid dog at a pound. Thom and Isabel had come into the room by now, and seemed a little amused by the fact that I had been startled. I paid them no mind and walked to the third cell more cautiously, looking inside. A man was slumped on the floor, seemingly not moving. As my face in the window cast a shadow over him, his head spun around, and he looked right at me. I momentarily jumped again, but this one did not leap at me, it stood up and looked out, staring into my eyes. I could hear a voice from the other side of the door. 
"Good God, thank you. My name is John, please, I locked myself in here, the keys are over there on the floor, please let me out…"
He looked and sounded sane, there was nothing raving about him. I turned where he had indicated and sure enough, a large round key ring was on the floor with a dozen or so keys on it. I picked it up and held it to the window. He motioned for me to open the door. I felt it would be okay, he wasn't acting anything like any of the things we had encountered. Thom and Isabel agreed so I opened the cell door. John practically fell out of the room, taking a deep breath of non-holding-cell air. After drinking a bottle of water we had given him, he proceeded to explain to us that they were overrun with hoards of the infected, mostly stemming from a flu clinic that was located in the mall. When the proverbial “shit” hit the fan, he locked himself in the cell, even though he knew he could not get out unless someone got him out. I supposed he was right, it is preferable to being torn apart or eaten alive. We updated John on all we knew, about the military setting up across the highway, and our plan as to where we were headed and why. John said he had a brother in Lindsey, and he would be grateful if he could accompany us as far as we were going, safety in numbers and all. We agreed. John led us to the back of the security office, to a small room that hosted a bank of surveillance monitors. The room seemed completely intact, but John said no one was in it at the time of the outbreak, so I guess there was no reason for one of those things to go in if there was nothing to eat. We looked over all the screens, surveying the entire mall from the strange oscillating eye of the various cameras situated all over the property. No one in sporting goods; no one in the movie theatre. Not your typical busy day at the mall. One camera was on the bare storefront that housed the clinic, which had all of its windows papered over, as it was an abandoned unit and waiting to be leased. It seems that after a mob of infected started running amok, some mall security officers locked up the clinic doors, trapping the remaining dozen or so infected inside the store. In another camera view inside the clinic we saw dozens of infected still there, lying around barely moving. We could see small movements, but most of them were just sitting still; some were rocking back and forth. One small boy sat in the middle of the room, stoic as a statue, staring at the lens of the camera, at us. It sent a cold shiver down each of our spines. 


CHAPTER 14: JOHN VINCENT HICKLE

John Vincent Hickle was born in Ross-on-Wye, a small market town with a population of 10,089 in southeastern Herefordshire, England, located on the River Wye, and on the northern edge of the Forest of Dean. He was born on November 23, 1967, to Beatrice and William Hickle, and was an only, but very happy child. He was imaginative and smart, and always had a distinct love of music, even in his younger years. When he was 15, he started a band called Crunch with a few friends, John on drums and vocals. John's band never saw the level of professional success needed to make a living, and so he worked various menial jobs to make ends meet. When John was 21, he decided to try and make a life for himself elsewhere. Seeing England as a dead end for his musical endeavors, he moved to Canada with Willie, a friend and band mate, and they came to Toronto in hopes of finding fame within Toronto's indie music scene. 
Unfortunately, Canada's opportunities for bands were about as ripe for the picking as England's were, and John ended up working the same types of blue-collar jobs here that he had worked in England. This pattern of playing small gigs and balancing day jobs was the norm for years in John's life, until he decided the music was just not going to happen and he was going to have to get a good job to secure his life in Toronto. John went through all the procedures to become a police officer, like his father, whom he had always respected for his job. He did very well in his training, and was eventually on the beat with the Durham Regional Police. 
Six years into his career in law enforcement, at the age of 32 and the rank of sergeant, John and his partner, a large Italian man named Vince Moretti, answered a call of domestic abuse. They arrived at the modest bungalow on a quiet court around 8:30pm on a warm Saturday night in July. John approached the front door as Vince checked around the side of the house. John knocked on the door and announced them as police. There didn't seem to be any movement in the house, nor any noise. Vince rejoined him on the front step, and John knocked again. The sound of locks turning was accompanied by the door cracking open to reveal the petite face of a woman, pushed into the open space between door and frame. She asked what was wrong and John relayed the reason for their call. The woman insisted she didn’t know what it was all about, and that she was home alone. John asked if they could take a look inside, but the woman claimed she didn’t feel comfortable allowing that. John reassured her that they were there just to make sure she was safe, but the woman declined the offer. As she backed into the house, John caught a quick glimpse of a forearm coming out of the back of her hair, as if a hand were grasping a handful of it on the back of her head. John glanced quickly at Vince, who confirmed what John had seen, and Vince's hand shot out to prevent the door from completely closing. The woman turned her head to look back out, a tear forming, then trickling down her left cheek. John figured from the direction of the mystery forearm that the man must be directly behind the door, so he took a chance and rammed his foot into the door. The chain snapped and the door exploded inwards, clipping the woman's arm, sending her spinning into the front hallway. As she fell, now free of the forearm of her captor, she landed on the floor hard, her head hitting the bottom of the stairs in the hall. The force of the door flying open also had some effect on the man to whom the forearm belonged, as it hit him square in the face, instantly bloodying his nose, and sending him to the floor on the other side of the hallway. John entered the house first, gun drawn, and Vince followed behind. John turned his attention to the woman as Vince swung over to the man. The man shook off his fall, and Vince noticed the hand that hadn’t been holding the clump of hair in it had a sawed off double barrel shotgun. Vince yelled for him to drop it, but his sentence was cut short by the bellowing boom of the shotgun, which caught Vince in the upper chest. Vince flew back hard, falling right back out the open front door. John's head spun around, eyes following Vince as he disappeared from the hallway. As he turned his gaze quickly back to the man on the floor, he was aware of him screaming. 
"BITCH!" the man yelled. He was holding the shotgun out towards the woman unconscious on the floor, and already squeezing the trigger. John squeezed the trigger of his Glock twice, sending the small but lethal projectiles into the mans chest dead center as his shotgun roared once more, the short barrels of his gun sending buckshot in a wide spray towards his wife. John's bullets had found their mark and pushed the man back into the floor, the sharp crack of bullets sinking into wood floors behind him as the shotgun slid out of his grip and across the floor. The man's buckshot had also found their marks, hitting the woman in the side of the head, making an incomprehensible mess up the stairwell wall. John screamed a loud NO as it all happened, then stood in complete silence as three bodies lie around him in all directions. He turned and kneeled beside Vince, sliding his hand behind Vince's head. 
"Vince. Vince, can you hear me?"
Vince's face was sprayed with blood, and the bottom of his neck was torn up like meat through a grinder. The majority of the buck had hit his vest, but it hit him high and the spray was wide, catching his shoulders and neck as well. Vince tried to gurgle out something, but he couldn’t make it out. John grabbed his radio and called in the incident, and within minutes the paramedics were there working on Vince, trying to stop the geyser of blood that was draining him from the hole in his neck. 
The next day, sitting in a very uncomfortable plastic chair in the hospital, John was given the news that his partner and friend was going to survive, but that he would never speak again, and worse yet, would never move below the neck again, the shot had shattered the spine in the back of his neck. Less than 24 hours later, John resigned his position with the police force, and spent a very long time dealing with his guilt over that tragic day. 
A year or so after the incident, John took on a position with a company called Security First. He found the world of security much easier to deal with than police work, and he continued to do it for the next 10 years or so. His current position was as supervisor at the Scarborough Town Centre, where he usually just did office work and training, but this particular day he had been filling in a regular shift for a guard that was off sick. John wondered what the fate of that guard ended up being. Who knows if anyone John ever knew was still alive. Or how much longer John would be for that matter. 


CHAPTER 15: SCARBERIA OR SCARLEM?

Scarborough had a reputation as being a tough city. A city of gangs and crime. Of course, it wasn't much worse than any other city or town, but once reputations are formed, they are not easily forgotten. In the 50s and 60s, Scarborough was your typical, primarily white suburban city, which was jokingly referred to as Scarberia because it supposedly symbolized drab conformity. In the years that followed, Scarborough became one of the most diversified cities in Ontario, with over 50% of its inhabitants being of ethnic origins, and the minority being whites. After some history with gang violence, the nickname became Scarlem, although it was not a term openly used due to the demeaning nature of it. Despite the reputation, Scarborough was a lush, green vibrant city with beautiful landscapes such as the Scarborough bluffs and the Rouge Valley. John, the security guard, had his share of experience and history with Scarborough, having lived within its borders for most of his adult life and then being a member of the police force there.
As John sat looking over the monitors with Thom, Isabel, and me, trying to figure out the best way to get out of the mall and over to the relative safety of the apartment complexes, he noticed a group of 5 young men on the northern part of the property, smashing a door and making their way into the mall at the entrance by the movie theatres. Usually this wouldn’t bother John, as he would just call for back-up and get the situation taken care of, but these particular young men troubled him, and it wasn't because he didn’t have any back-up. It was because he suspected from the look of them that they were members of the 401 Boyz, a notoriously violent gang that operated in Scarborough. As if mad infected citizens weren't enough to worry about. 
John filled us in on the gang, and suggested we find a way out fast, as gang presence tends to grow rapidly and exponentially. After a few more minutes of strategizing, we all agreed that we would follow a short series of back hallways, usually used by couriers and delivery men, that lead to a docking bay exit at the east end of the mall, leaving just a short jaunt across a highway on-ramp over to the apartment complexes. We gathered up our stuff, and left the security office, half-jogging, half-crawling across the food court as if we were sneaking around in some Die Hard movie. We only had to cross one open area of the mall to get to the access hallway: an intersection of escalators and stairways, with a big elevator in the centre. The access door was on the opposite side, so we stayed close to the storefronts and worked our way around the centre court. As we got about a quarter of the way across, we heard voices from across the way, shouting and taunting each other. The gang members were nearing. We all picked up the pace, convinced that we could make it to the door before the gang made it to the court where we were. We broke into a full run now, more concerned about reaching our destination than being noticed. Once we reached the door, John opened it and held it open as the rest of us ran through. Isabel went through last and John took one quick look back just in time to see three of the guys arrive in the court and look straight across at him. They locked eyes with each other for one brief second. 
"HEY!" yelled one of the hoods. 
John's eyes widened and he let go of the door, turned back the way he came, and sped away in a full-on run. The three hoods took off after him, one with a knife and one with an automatic handgun. I heard the yell, ran back to the door, and looked out just in time to see the punks chasing John back down the mall. I told Thom and Isabel to go ahead and I would catch up to them, but they resisted, saying they wouldn't go ahead without me. And I insisted that we couldn't go on without John; we couldn't suddenly adopt the attitude that it was okay to leave someone behind. 
They both agreed. We couldn’t leave John behind, especially after he took off to make sure the gang members didn't discover us, and so we headed off to help him. We followed the shouts of the youths, who didn't seem to care if anyone heard them. We finally caught up with them as we rounded a corner to an exit where John was backed up against locked glass doors and the punks were narrowing in on him. Thom and I raised our guns simultaneously, concentrating our aim on the two that had weapons. My finger twitched on the trigger, I was just waiting to see if they were going to make a move towards John. That was the thought running through my head when I felt cold steel press into the back of my head. 
"Drop the fucking guns."
The deep, aggressive voice came from behind us. We slowly lowered our guns and turned our heads to see five more of the gang members. One of them yelled out to the original three, who turned around to witness the triumphant capture. Diane and Jordan's faces flashed through my mind as the youths all laughed and hollered. One of them grabbed Isabel forcefully behind the neck and pulled her close, whispering something in her ear that made her physically retract, a look of absolute terror and disgust on her face. They grabbed John, and took us all back through the mall. Along the way, other wandering members of the gang joined them, some randomly smashing windows and looting stores, taking iPods, Blu-ray players, and random pieces of clothing. As we passed by the court near the escalators, I glanced at our escape door and looked around for something that could help us, but I didn’t know what. I just wished there was something we could do to get out of this situation. As I walked, I tilted my head back with my eyes closed, hoping this was all a dream. As I opened my eyes, head still tilted, I noticed movement through the skylight, but I didn't catch what it was. Something dark had been in the window, and then ducked out of sight. Then a thought occurred to me. The clinic. I spoke up. 
"What do you guys want from us? We work here. We can get you anything you want."
The one who seemed to be the head honcho stopped the whole group, and we all stood still, silent in the middle of the mall. 
"What could we possibly want from you that we can't just take ourselves?"
I thought for a second. 
"There's stuff in this mall that’s more valuable than what's in the stores. When the outbreak started, we stored away all the cash, and a huge amount of drugs from the pharmacy. It would be worth a fortune. We can show you where it is."
The leader thought for second, and I could practically see the gears turning in his head. He stood there for a moment, and then turned his attention back to me. 
"Where?"
"The food court, there was an empty store, so we figured we would stow everything away there. We figured looters would never break into a seemingly empty store.” 
He seemed to buy this. He turned and slapped one of his buddies on the back, and cracked a twisted smile. He turned back to me, grabbed the back of my neck and put the tip of his knife right up to my face, millimetres from my eye. 
"There better be motherfucker, or I cut me some steaks."


CHAPTER 16: DIANE STEPHENIE BURTON

Diane Stephenie Burton was born on July 1, 1970, in Savannah, Georgia. Her mother, Suzanne, was a house cleaner, and her father, Nate, was a jazz musician and songwriter. Nate wrote jingles in the 50s and 60s for television commercials, but that died off not long after Diane was born. Jazz just wasn’t a catchy way to sell products anymore; rock and roll and contemporary became the way to go. Nate still provided a decent income by playing jazz guitar with an ensemble, doing shows all over the southern USA. Although Diane's family didn’t have much money, Diane wasn’t aware of it. She was a happy child. She enjoyed her life in Savannah, and she always knew her parents loved her. She had lots of friends at school and in her neighborhood near Washington Square. 
A kid's life in Savannah was different from the average kid's life, mostly due to Savannah's culture and history. Diane and her friends would often play hide-and-seek in the Bonaventure Cemetery, the famous resting place of Savannah’s favourite son, Johnny Mercer. Because of this famous association, Savannah was also infused with the spirit of jazz; it was the lifeblood of the city and therefore a part of all of its inhabitant’s lives. 
One bright, hot Savannah day in August 1980, Diane and her friend Arlene were playing in Washington Square, running around the huge trees, trying to catch one another. Diane came around one of the large trees and bumped right into a young boy from her school, Tyler Jackson, and knocked him right on his rear end. Tyler already had a history with Diane, and it wasn’t a good one. He was the bully from the grade ahead of Diane and for some reason took a particular disliking to her. 
Tyler stood up and dusted the dirt off of his pants. He grabbed Diane by the arms and threw her to the ground, calling her names. Diane stood right back up and got in Tyler's face. She called him a jackass and belted him right in the nose, blood instantly streaming onto his lip. By now, a large group of kids had gathered, and were cheering on Diane. Tyler didn't much like being laughed at and humiliated by a 10-year-old girl, so he moved to grab her and Diane started running. Tyler caught up pretty fast and, being bigger than Diane, threw his weight into a double-handed push on Diane's back. Diane flew forward, falling out of the Square and onto the road ahead, rolling in the dry dirt blowing around on the pavement. As her last roll came to a stop, the last thing Diane saw was her own reflection in a shiny bumper as a city bus screeched to a stop, skidding right past her head and stopping beside her. Diane let out a long sigh of relief and started to sit up. As she tried to lean forward, she found she wasn’t able to get up. She turned her head to the right and saw that her right arm was stretched out from her body, but she could only see it just past her shoulder, as the rest of her arm was under the tire of the bus. Her vision went hazy as she realized what had happened, and she turned her head back to the left. In the blurry view from the road, she could see people around her talking to her, trying to help. In the distance she saw Tyler running with all his might in the other direction. 
Diane survived the accident and, with the help of metal plates and pins, her arm was mostly reconstructed. Although it was scarred just above the elbow, she regained more than 90% of her arm’s functionality despite the doctor's diagnosis that she might never be able to use it at all. She wore her scar like a badge of honour as it represented to her that no one could push her around or keep her down. That rule held true her whole life. 
Diane's father died of lung cancer, brought on by a long history of chain smoking, when Diane was 12. After his death, Diane’s mother decided that they needed a change of scenery and packed up their belongings to move in with her sister, who lived in Port Hope Ontario Canada. The Canadian winters took some getting used to for Diane, who was used to the sweltering temperatures and daily rains of Savannah, but, true to her personality, she was happy and made many new friends in her new home. 
As a teenager in Port Hope, Diane fell in with a bad crowd during her high school years. She took care to keep most of her undesirable activities secret from her mother, but she was involved in a life of civil disobedience and alcohol. When Diane was 17, she lost a close friend in a drinking and driving accident when some friends had left a party and gone out joyriding, fortunately not taking Diane with them (they didn’t know she was passed out in the basement and left without her). When Diane awoke the next day and discovered what had happened to her friends, she swore she would get her life in order, and vowed never to have to live through that kind of torment again. 
Diane went to university in Toronto, and eventually became a grade school teacher. She wanted to have an impact on kid's lives. She eventually found a teaching job in the Durham Region (just east of Toronto) and moved to Whitby. It was there she met Patrick and eventually, me. 
On June 17, 2000, after the tumultuous development of our relationship, Diane and I got married in my sister's backyard, with a small gathering of family and friends to help usher in our new life together. Diane's journey had brought her to a place where she was most happy, and thankfully that place was making a home, with me. 


CHAPTER 17: THE GREAT ESCAPE

There we were standing in front of the empty storefront. Thom, Isabel, John, myself, and about 15 guys from this gang. We knew what was behind the door and the thugs didn’t, so we may have had an advantage, but we still weren't sure how this was going to go down; we just knew it was better than no chance at all. The leader of the gang motioned for me to open the door, to which I told him I didn't have a key, but John should. John gave me a look, and then unhooked his keys from the clasp on his belt. As he nervously sorted through the keys, I tried to piece together how this was going to happen. I guess John was taking too long, as the main thug stepped up to him, grabbed him by the throat, and slammed him up against the glass door, holding him there as he put his face up to John’s. 
"Don't fuck around rent-a-cop. Open the god-damned door."
After he slammed John into the glass, the paper tacked to the inside of the windows started to loosen; one corner, slowly flapping back into the room, the weight of the hanging corner slowly pulling the whole piece down. Now I was starting to panic. If that paper came all the way down, not only would this plan not work at all, but once the gang saw the infected and figured out this was a trap, we would all be dead. John finally found the key and held it up. The grip on John loosened and the gang leader backed up. Again, he motioned to John to open it the door. As John turned towards the door, he caught my eye gave me a look of panic. He slid the industrial key in with a loud click that seemed to echo throughout the mall. In fact, it seemed far too loud for a simple click of a key. 
I turned around to see that behind the gang members appeared a line of four men, all dressed in fatigues with helmets and goggles on, all brandishing some very intimidating weaponry. Soldiers. One of them motioned for us to drop down to the floor, and, slowly, we all did. The gang members looked at the four of us with puzzled looks on their faces.
"Who the fuck told you to move?"
Once we were all down, one of the soldiers bellowed out for them to drop their guns, but the gang members spun around and opened fire, screaming obscenities. A hail of gunfire opened up with a deafening thunder from both sides, the clinking of hot shells hitting the tile floor around us, bullets hitting the glass of the storefront. Bullets hitting glass can't be good. 
As the gang spread out, diving for cover behind rows of garbage units and over-tiled planters, I motioned to our group to start crawling in the other direction. The soldiers were distracted by the gang members who were trying to kill them so we started crawling very fast, the cold mall floor hard on the knees. I glanced back but nobody seemed to be paying any attention to us. More stray bullets kept striking the glass walls of the makeshift clinic and the crackling veins in the windows increasing. We made it to an offshoot of the food court that led back into the mall and got up quickly, instantly bursting into a run the second we were out of sight of the gun fight. Behind us, we could hear the glass of the clinic shattering and the guttural cries of the infected as they laid their eyes on food for the first time in days. More yelling followed, but we could not discern whether it was gang members or soldiers. We were thankful it was not us. 
We reached the escalators and ran to the door that was the gateway to our escape route. Isabel got there first and held the door open, screaming for us to hurry. The gunfire had ceased but the sounds of people being torn apart and eaten were clear as a bell. We could also hear feet as they hit the tile floor, many of them, and the sound was getting closer. Regardless of whose feet they were, we didn’t want to deal with anyone, infected or otherwise. We reached the end of the access hallway and a large garage style door leading to a loading dock for mall shipments. John grabbed the handle and heaved the door up, but it didn’t move. He looked down and saw the padlock on the bottom of the door. He told me to shoot it off, so I aimed my gun at the brass lock and pulled the trigger. The shot tore into the lock and sent sparks ricocheting off the garage door, the bang of the shot echoed through the room. I waved away the small bit of smoke and looked at the lock, the u-shaped steel bar still in the door, but the lock itself in pieces on the floor. I knocked out the steel bar, gripped the door handle and had started to lift it when a loud, abrupt noise came from behind me. Standing in the opening to the hallway was a man, who looked to be in his early 20s, with eyes as yellow as the sun and fresh blood dripping from his chin. We all just stood there for what seemed to be an eternity, until Thom raised his shotgun and fired into the center of its torso. The shot ripped through its chest, spraying thick red blood all over the room and opening a hole so wide we could see its innards. The thing stumbled but did not fall. It yelped briefly, then began a staggered lunge towards us. Thom fired again, but the thing had lowered itself for the lunge and the shot went over its head, embedding in the wall behind it. It reached us in milliseconds, grabbing Thom around the waist and sending them both, along with Isabel, to the floor. John was sent stumbling backwards but quickly regained his footing. The thing had its mouth open impossibly wide, hovering over Thom's face while Thom's hands clamped on its top and bottom jaws, holding the head at bay. I leaned forward, put my gun to the side of the thing’s head, and pulled the trigger, blowing its head to the side, shards of bone and head matter showering the floor, but especially Thom, whose face was now covered with bits of gore. The thing slumped off of Thom just as another infected came through the doorway, this one at full speed. It didn’t even pause, just ran right into our group, grabbing onto John who was the closest person to the doorway. Its force threw them both against the concrete outer wall, and it bellowed as John grabbed it by the throat, pinching his fingers around its larynx and pulling. The throat came out easily, looking like a turkey neck on Thanksgiving, blood gushing down the front of the thing’s shirt. The bellowing stopped but the thing did not. It continued to hold John against the wall, and another infected entered the room, running straight at me. As it came quickly up to me from the left, Isabel jabbed out her hand, plunging her knife into the its left ear, sinking it right to the hilt. The thing’s head spun fast, tearing the knife out of Isabel's hand, leaving it embedded in its skull. As its head turned, I raised my gun beneath its chin and squeezed off another shot, this one tearing through the bottom of the jaw, up through the roof of its mouth, and continuing all the way up until it left the skull and lodged in the ceiling above us. The thing dropped down in front of me, and Isabel leaned in to get her knife back, putting her foot on its jaw for leverage as she pulled the long blade out of the skull with the horrible screech of metal on bone. I turned my attention back to John and leveled my pistol at the head of the thing that was in front of him. John's hands were bloodied from holding its snapping mouth back. I fired off one shot into the side of its head, sending it careening to its left and into a wall. As it slid to the floor it left a long, bloody smear on the wall to mark its path. 
Now that it was back to the four of us, I reached for the handle again and pulled up the garage door. The bright sunlight from the lowering sun blinded our eyes. We could see the apartment buildings from where we stood; they cut into the sunset like monoliths on the horizon. We did a very quick check to make sure that everyone was okay and jumped out through the door, breaking into a run across the end of the parking lot and across the highway on-ramp. Behind us, we could see glimmering shadows of soldiers on the roof, brief illuminations of their muzzled flashes going off as they fired through skylights into the mall, presumably at gang members and the infected. By now, maybe one and the same. 
We reached the first apartment building, which looked to be about 15 stories high. We went through the open passage into the underground parking area, and found a door that accessed the building itself. We would take refuge somewhere in the building until daylight, then move on. We just had to hope there was somewhere safe in this building, and that the military didn’t make their way here before we could leave the next morning. However, I had a suspicion that even the military halted their activities at night at this point. The infected are bad enough when you can see them coming, you don’t need to be dealing with them in the dark. We made our way into the building through the garage access door, securing it closed again using some 2x4s that were stacked in the garage. We switched on the flashlights we had procured from the mall, and started our way up the stairwell. We tried a couple of light switches, but there didn't seem to be any power. We decided that we should check a few floors up for shelter, that way we would have a good vantage point over the surrounding area, but we wouldn’t be so high up that we would have issues getting out. When we reached the fourth floor and opened the door to the hallway, it felt for a second like we were in an episode of COPS, with the flashlight beams stretching out along the hallway. We went door-to-door listening for any activity but heard nothing. About halfway down the corridor we heard what sounded like people talking. We skipped past that door and made our way to the one beside it, figuring we could listen in from next door, and determine if the people we heard were uninfected. 
At the next apartment, 404, Thom tried the doorknob while John and I covered him, Isabel looking out down the hallway. The door was locked, as we thought it would be. John handed Thom his shotgun and pulled out a small leather wallet. Inside was an assortment of small, metal tools, all laid out in individual pockets. I looked at John inquisitively. 
"What? I was a cop; I know sometimes there are doors that need opening when you don't have a key."
John proceeded to pick the lock, and did so quite quickly. He reached for the doorknob and turned it, the door popping open with an airtight sucking sound. He opened it slowly. Once we were in, he crouched and motioned for us to enter. Thom and I swept in, our eyes scanning the room for anything that might need shooting. The room was clear. It was an old-fashioned living room, like a senior might have. There were various sleeping bags and blankets strewn about, but in a tidy manner. There was a frilly, white couch, a deep shag carpet, and a finely crafted dining table with some abandoned food laid out on it. We searched the kitchen and the bathroom. Everything seemed clear, but it looked like someone had recently been here. I separated from the others and checked the bedroom. The doorknob turned but the door didn't open; it seemed blocked. I called John over and he helped me brace the door while I turned the knob and we pushed. The door opened a few inches, and the sound of heavy furniture scraped the floor on the other side. Thom came over with the gun to cover us, as it seemed someone had barricaded themselves in here. John and I took a step back, and then shouldered the door again. This time it gave way. 
We stepped in cautiously and looked into the once-small bedroom. It wasn’t small anymore. The wall of the room was knocked completely out, exposing the apartment next door to it. In the corner of the room, a group of adults and children were huddled into the corner, unsure of what was coming through that door to greet them; their eyes wide with fear. We lowered our weapons and looked at the people in front of us. Our 'no one gets left behind' rule just got a lot more complicated. 


CHAPTER 18: APARTMENT COMPLEXITIES

After about an hour of trying to calm everyone's nerves, including our own, we discovered that the huddled group we found in the apartment hideaway was actually two separate families who had decided that trying to pool their resources and survive together was smarter than going it alone. They were right. They had been in here three days now, and were set as far as food, clothing, and supplies went. Luckily, nothing else had tried to get in to their apartment yet. The fact that the infected seemed to be pretty impatient in terms of how fast they wanted food, it made sense that they wouldn't waste their time going through an entire building. There were lots of people who were easier to access right out on the streets. The mouse in the maze won't hit the bar for cheese if there is cheese strewn all throughout the maze. It’s when the cheese becomes scarce that’s worrisome. 
The family who lived in this apartment was the Callaghan’s. Frank was the patriarch of the family; a tall, solid, brick wall of a man with close-cropped brown hair and a kind face. His wife, Emily, was also tall and athletic; she could have been a model at some point. They had three daughters, Karina, 13, Sarah, 8, and Emma, 2. With the other family with a total of four more kids, ranging from a one-year-old to a seventeen-year-old. Lastly, there was a single, older man, probably in his 60s, named Clive. He was apparently a close friend of the Callaghan family, but he knew everyone. 
They all welcomed us into their bunker and we traded stories of what had happened to our world. The only new information we got from them is that the infection seemed to be much more widespread than we had known, with cases being reported in the US and Europe. We also found out that the military operations weren't exactly going smoothly. Most of the troops who were assigned to lock down the cities were reserves, as most of the regular troops were overseas, and the reserves were just as nervous as the people they had to round up. There were many reports of uninfected people being accidentally shot by twitchy trigger fingers, soldiers participating in looting, and other things that made the outside world even more dangerous. It made us thankful that we decided not to ask them for help. Who knows where we would be right now if we had. We also found out that the phones had been dead for days, and that cell phones didn't seem to be working anymore either. The modern world had gone dead. 
We traded some things with the families, giving them supplies they needed, a few weapons and flashlights for some better food than we had and lodging for the night. We filled them in on our whole plan, and they understood fully why we were doing what we were doing, but still offered to let us shelter with them if we so desired to stay. I walked over to the balcony, where they had hung thick black fabric over the patio doors to hide any light coming from the apartment. I ducked under the makeshift drapes and went onto the balcony, looking out over the city. It was about 10 p.m. now and darkness had fallen over Scarborough. There were no streetlights or business signs lit up, only small dots of light scattered randomly over the horizon, some brighter where the military had set up camp across the highway and in the mall. I looked to the east, knowing that was the direction of my home, and wondered what Diane and Jordan were doing right now. My heart ached thinking about them sitting there alone in the dark and I wished with everything in me that I could be there with them. 
I went back into the apartment and joined my comrades. We settled into a corner on our own for the night with some blankets that Frank had loaned us, and started talking about what we were going to do in the morning. As we talked, I could sense some hesitation from John and Isabel, and thought that maybe they wanted to stay at the Bramford.
"You know, you have no obligation to me. If you feel you will be safer here, have a better chance, then stay. After all you have both done for me, I would never hold it against you."
Thom spoke up.
"I don't know that we’re safer here than anywhere else Denny. I want to stick with you, and make sure Diane and Jordan are okay. You’re my family." 
Isabel agreed, but hesitantly. We decided to give it the night to sleep on it, and discuss it again in the morning. 
The families of the Bramford Towers apartments had a system of rotating which adults slept, so they always had two people awake keeping watch at all times, one in the apartment, and one on the balcony. Thom and I decided we would take one of the shifts to let the families have a bit of a break. Thom sat out on the balcony and I sat up in the front hallway by the door to the apartment, listening for any sounds in the corridor. I found a copy of Tony Burgess' novel Pontypool on a bookshelf and was giving it a read during my shift, but it started to freak me out with its similarities to our current situation, so I put it back. I decided instead to use the time to recall some fond memories of my regular life, almost drifting so far into the daydreams that I felt I was there. 
In the backyard pushing Jordan on her swings, barbecuing with Thom back in July at Diane's birthday party. Reading books to Jordan before she went to bed at night. I could smell her baby shampoo as if she were right beside me. I could hear her breathing; feel her little heartbeat under my hand as it lay on her chest. I missed her so much I could barely stand it. 
At about 3 a.m., I was nearing the end of my shift on guard, and my eyelids were getting very heavy. Through the narrow slits of my eyes, I saw movement in the room at the end of the hall. Someone getting up to relieve me, I hoped. I rubbed my eyes and took another look. There was a kid, a teenager, probably about 16, wearing a dark hoodie, tiptoeing around the sleeping bodies. I thought at first that it was the Cornell's 17-year-old son, but upon watching him a little longer, it realized it was not. I didn't recognize this boy from the kids I had just met. I stayed still, watching him skulk around the room. When he got to the corner of the living room where Frank was sleeping, he braced one hand against the wall, and leaned over Frank. I realized he was reaching for the shotgun that Frank had laid against the wall above his head. I jumped up from my position, outstretched my hand, and yelled stop at the top of my lungs. Everyone in the room bolted up, and the boy reached out and snatched the shotgun, the butt of the gun hitting Frank on the head as he sat up. Most of the people in the room yelled from being awaken so abruptly, and Frank’s hands went out in front of him, telling the boy to take it easy. Frank looked confused and the boy just stood there holding the gun awkwardly, and then turned his head in my direction. His eyes were yellow and reflected the light from the one floor lamp that was on in the room. He didn’t look infected, but his eyes were like those of an animal in headlights, bright and wide. He looked back at Frank, swung the gun across the room, making everyone duck their heads in cover, then flipped the rifle in his hands and pressed the barrel against his chin, squeezing the trigger. His head came clean off his neck, shattering like a cheap piñata all over the room. His body jerked and dropped to the carpeted floor with surprisingly little mess, as most of the head was on the ceiling and walls. Frank grabbed the gun back from the boy’s dead hands and got up off the floor, quickly throwing a blanket over the body. Most of the adults already had their hands over their kids’ eyes, and many adults went pale and looked like they were about to pass out. A few people got up and started checking everyone else, especially the children. Then it occurred to me that Thom wasn’t here. I ran to the balcony doors and flung them open, throwing the black curtain aside. Thom laid on the concrete floor of the outlook, motionless, a stream of blood trailing down his forehead. I slid to my knees at his side and checked his pulse, talking to him quietly as I did. His eyelids fluttered and then opened, and he looked at me. 
“What the fuck was that?” he mumbled. 
I let out a small uncomfortable laugh of relief. 
“Some kid must have jumped balconies and got the best of you. He looked like he might have been infected or something. He grabbed Frank’s rifle and blew his head off.”
“Frank’s dead?” said Thom, his voice slightly cracking. 
“Sorry, that’s not what I meant; I mean the boy blew his own head off.”
Thom’s posture relaxed and he sunk back into my arms, his hand rising to feel his own forehead. I helped him inside and Emily tended to his head wound. The children were rounded up and put into another room, while Frank and three or four others started cleaning up the mess that was once a boy with no hope and a few minutes of wisdom. 
We decided to barricade the balcony, and just keep watch on the city safely from inside the apartment, posting the second watch at the window with the best view. Tonight’s event put a new spin on the infection, telling us that there seemed to be a short time span before the infected went totally berserk. The fact that the kid even showed up was not good for our outlook though, as we could assume if he was in the building and infected, there were probably more. Still, Frank had this place secured pretty well, it was just a matter of what happened once more time passed and supplies got low. There would have to be outings throughout the building for food and supplies, but I couldn’t worry myself with that right now, I had to concentrate on my own future. 
The sun was just beginning to peek over the horizon, and although most of the people were still sleeping, exhausted from the drama of the night before, I was up and getting ready to leave. Thom, Isabel, and John were still asleep, but Frank was up, having never gone back to sleep after the suicide. We spoke a little about Frank’s plans, and about my plan to get home. I promised Frank that if there was a way for me to get help to him once I got home, I would. He promised the same to me should he encounter help. By about 6 a.m., I woke up the others to tell them I was heading out. I had considered leaving without them, thinking they would be safer here, but I decided against it. It was their choice to do what they wanted. 
Once everyone was up, our discussion of the previous night picked up where it left off. There was quite a bit of back and forth about the whole thing, as Thom felt that Isabel should stay in the apartment for her own safety, and Isabel wanted to leave. John seemed to be on Thom’s side, and I tried to stay out of it. In my eyes, it was Isabel’s choice to do whatever she wanted; she was an adult. Thom had obviously formed a parental bond with her, and it was kicked into high gear right now. They bickered like a father and daughter having an argument about an undesirable boyfriend. They finally came to the conclusion that both of them would continue with me on my journey, and John had decided that he would be able to help if he stayed with Frank and the families of the Bramford. With his police and security background, I wholeheartedly agreed. We gathered up our share of supplies and said our goodbyes to our new acquaintances. Isabel gave each of the kids a hug, and exchanged some words with each of the adults. Thom stood by and watched, with what seemed like a newfound sense of pride towards Isabel. Perhaps her unwillingness to stay and her sense of loyalty impressed Thom. Frank unbarricaded the main door, and bid us farewell one last time. We shook hands and started our way to the stairwell. 
As we passed door after door in the hallway, there was nothing coming from any of them. I wondered what was behind each one. More families? More infected? An apartment building could be a huge refuge or it could be a powder keg depending on its inhabitants. We reached the door and entered the grey concrete stairwell, the dim rectangular tube stretching above our heads and four levels down. We started to head down when we heard what sounded like a door slamming above us. We froze in our tracks and listened. Not a sound followed. My hand gripped the handrail and my knuckles started to turn white. Sudden sounds really made me jumpy now. Thom turned to me. 
“I don’t think its anything Denny. Let’s go.”
I waiting a second longer, but Thom was right; there was no more noise from above. I took a step down, then stopped as I felt a very light pat on the back of my hand on the rail. I glanced down at a small puddle of translucent liquid. I stuck the finger from my right hand into it and swirled it about. It was thick, syrupy. I leaned over the railing and looked up the shaft to the levels above. I thought I saw someone looking over a railing above me, but it was too far and too dark to tell. I stood waiting for some sign of movement. The head popped out again, and this time more followed. Whoever it was had climbed onto the railing and was sitting in a crouch on it. A loud squeal belted out, echoing through the stairwell as I realized it was one of the infected. We all clapped our hands over our ears, and as I watched it howl, it leapt off the railing and came hurdling down the center of the stairwell headfirst. I ducked back into the stairs, and spread my arms out wide, pushing everyone back against the wall. The thing flew past us, screaming, with arms swinging wildly. One hand grabbed the rail in front of us and the things body slammed into the side of the stairs with a thud. It hung there for a second, but the force of the fall took over and its fingers let go, allowing it to fall to the bottom. I looked over the railing and saw it lying on the floor, a burst of blood haloing its head. Its hand twitched slightly, then its head flung around and looked up at us with another piercing cry. It jumped up and started running up the stairs, its eyes locked on us the whole time. It continued to bellow as it ran, and we readied our weapons for its arrival. Before it reached us, something caught my attention out of the corner of my eye. I turned quickly back to the stairwell opening as another thing whizzed by us, this one going right to the floor. I couldn’t believe what I was seeing. I tilted over and looked up the stairs again. There must have been a dozen of them at varying heights, all climbing up the railings and throwing themselves off in an effort to get to us. The approaching one had reached our set of steps and lunged up at us, but Thom stopped it dead in its tracks with a shotgun blast to the head. Its cranium burst open like a water balloon and its body fell limp, sliding down the stairs. There were about five or six of them at the bottom of the stairwell now, so we had to find another way out and quick. We were on the third floor, so we opened the door to that level and went in, running down the hall towards the stairwell on the other side of the building, figuring if they followed us, we might be able to make it down those stairs and out before they caught up to us. Two things clumsily tossed the door open where we came in and gave chase. We got to the end of the corridor and flung open the entrance to the second stairwell. We ran in and it seemed to be clear. For a split second we considered going back up to warn Frank and the others, but we figured all we would end up achieving is leading the things to them. John had things secure there, and they would all be safe for the time being. We started down the stairs, hearing the things following about a floor and a half behind us. We reached the ground floor and entered the lobby of the building, a calm, serene, and very 1970s-style lobby with a koi pond. We ran across it and out the front door, and Thom looped his belt around the door handles, keeping what was in from following us out at least for a little while. We tore across the lawn and into another grouping of apartment buildings, trying to get as much distance as we could between us and the infected. I glanced to my right as we ran and saw Thom running with me, and looked to the left for Isabel but saw nothing. I stopped suddenly, as did Thom, and we both turned around to see if she was lagging behind. Isabel stood about 30 yards behind us, looking back at the building. We couldn’t see the building from our position through the large maple trees around us, so we jogged back to Isabel to see what was wrong. As we approached her from beneath the old maple, the Bramford loomed before us and we wondered why Isabel was staring at it. We squinted and looked closer. The Bramford Towers apartments looked like a beehive; what seemed like hundreds of bodies were crawling around on the balconies, jumping from one to another, climbing up and down them like rungs on a ladder, some falling off, some clawing over other ones to get to where they needed to go. As we stood and watched the bizarre sight before us, I realized something. We had to go back. 


10 MINUTES FROM HOME
Episode Four
BY
BILL HOWARD

Seeing the imminent danger at the Bramford Apartments, Denny, Thom and Isabel return to the infested building to warn their newfound friends. But will they find a way to get everyone out of the high rise, which is teeming with legions of the infected?

- BOOKS of the DEAD -


CHAPTER 19: FRANK STIRLING CALLAGHAN

Frank Stirling Callaghan was born on June 16, 1960, in Belleville, Ontario. Frank was the son of a construction supervisor, Leo, and a telephone operator, Marion. Growing up in the late 60s and early 70s, Frank’s parents were conservative, but active in their community. They aligned with many of the hippie movements, and were strong activists for environmental issues and human rights. They weren’t out front and public about their causes, but very outspoken and determined in their support. 
Frank grew up with similar views, spending much of his 20s volunteering with groups like Greenpeace and The World Wildlife Foundation. He travelled throughout the world helping countries in need through many different organizations, which is how he met Emily. Emily was also a volunteer helping in a small village in East Africa in 1989. Frank and Emily worked together every day, teaching English, helping deliver supplies, and assisting families in the surrounding villages. They loved their work, and through that work they grew to love each other. 
Upon returning home to Belleville, Frank kept in touch with Emily, who was from a small town in British Columbia called Hope. After a year or so of phone calls and the occasional plane trips for weeklong stays, Frank proposed to Emily during one of his visits to BC. Emily accepted and within three weeks she packed up everything she owned and moved to Ontario to live with Frank. 
A few years after getting married, Frank and Emily started their own print shop, based out of Bellville.  Frank’s father had died in 1996, and his mother had been sick for a few years. After a few tough years, the business fell into a slump and eventually went bankrupt. Three days before Frank and Emily’s bankruptcy was to officially come to an end, Frank’s mother died, leaving a large sum to him and Emily, but the terms of the bankruptcy stated that any incoming money go to the payment of their debts, so the entire sum was absorbed into it. This matter of bad timing crippled the Callaghan family, and Frank took a job in a factory in Scarborough, moving the family there as well.  Emily and a friend of hers opened a daycare in the building they lived in, providing care for many children from the buildings in the area. They had settled in to a life that was good for them, and that was sufficient to provide for their children. They still volunteered for local charities and causes, many times involving the girls in the activities as well. They taught them the valuable principles that they learned from their parents, that when people are in need, you open your door and your hearts to them and that hopefully people will do the same for you someday when you are in need. Looking back, they especially hoped the last part was true. 


CHAPTER 20: SEIGE OF THE BRAMFORD

We needed a plan of attack to get back into the Bramford and get everyone out. Thom was hesitant, even though he bonded with everyone just as Isabel and I did. He just thought it was too risky, that we may not survive ourselves. After a few minutes of discussion, we decided that was a chance we had to take if it would help them. 
I figured the reason all of the infected were crawling on the outside was that they could figure out windows, or smash them, but doors were more of a challenge. The more I thought about it, the more I thought that the splatter from the gunshot fired by the suicide kid might have been what stirred them into a frenzy. Regardless of what attracted them to the building, we had to get in there. 
The front lobby was full of the infected from the stairwell, so we opted to go in through a ground floor apartment window, whichever one was furthest away from the hoards of scurrying monsters. We located a window on the southeast corner of the building that hadn’t been boarded up, and knocked it in with the stock of Thom’s shotgun. Nothing jumped out at us, so I went in first, with Thom and Isabel following behind me. We stalked around the apartment, checking all the nooks and crannies for anything or anyone, but there was nothing. In fact, the apartment barely had any furniture, so we figured it was a vacant rental. I went to the main door and looked through the peephole, surveying the hallway through the fish-eye glass. There was no activity, so we opened the door and headed out. 
The stairwell door was just outside the apartment, so Thom opened that door and checked inside. This was the first stairwell we had gone down, and it seemed abandoned now. We sprinted up the stairs to the fourth floor entrance. I took a deep breath and opened the door a crack, glancing into the hallway. What I saw was a strange sight to behold. It seemed that dozens of infected had gathered in the hall, and small groups had formed outside every door that must have had someone still inside. They just sat motionless in huddled groups, waiting with a hungry patience that was truly unsettling. I closed the door and relayed the situation to the others. Any way you cut it, this was going to be messy. Our plan was to check the other stairwell, and then, if possible, come at them from both sides. Isabel and I stayed where we were and Thom went down one level to check the hallway of the third floor, trying to gain access to the other stairwell. We stood waiting in silence; there wasn’t much to say at this point. 
After a minute or so, Thom returned behind us, and told us the next two floors down were in the same state as the fourth. He also raised a valid point that if we started shooting, it might alert the infected on the other floors to come towards the noise, which would thoroughly screw our situation. There had to be a way to clear that hallway without firing a shot. The only thing we could come up with was to bait them somehow. We knew they would rabidly pursue anything alive, obsessively. The only bait we had was ourselves. After much deliberation, Thom volunteered to be the runner. Isabel and I would go up one flight of stairs and Thom would open the door and get their attention, then run down the four flights to the ground floor, get out the window we came in, and hide until things cooled down. Then we would rendezvous with him after we got Frank and the others out safely. It wasn’t a great plan but it was all we had right now. Isabel and I went up the stairs, me with the shotgun, Isabel with the pistol. Thom took the pistol that Frank had given us, and waited for the okay from us to open the door. We got in position and signaled to Thom. He whipped open the door and yelled into the hallway. 
“We’re coming Frank, hold on!”
Every infected head turned at once and Thom faced a sea of yellow eyes and bared teeth. They all sprung to their feet and ran towards him, and Thom turned tail and descended the stairs, taking them two or three at a time. We could hear the stampede of feet as they all tore after Thom, some of them leaping over the railing, many of them climbing over each other. I took a glimpse over the railing and they all seemed to be at least as far down as the second floor, so Isabel and I ran to the fourth floor hallway again. We stopped once our feet hit the paisley carpet and we saw two infected women, both at Frank’s door. They stood in a partial crouch, their hands and faces pressed to the door as if they were listening for something. They turned and looked at us, but stayed in their position, letting out low growls, almost like a warning noise you’d get from an angry cat. We slowly approached them, our guns held out in front of us ready for action. We got to about two meters away from them when one of them took her hands off the door and held them out in front of her menacingly, barking a garbled, throaty snap. Isabel stopped, but I took one more step, testing to see what the thing would do. My foot rocked forward into the carpet slowly, deliberately, very tenuously approaching the infected women. When I got within a meter, both women jumped up into a defensive crouch, and held their hands out like claws, barking at me with foam flicking from their mouths. I wanted them to just run away--I didn’t particularly like shooting living things, even if they were raving cannibalistic monsters--and we couldn’t afford the sound of a gunshot alerting anything else in the building. I yelled, trying to get them to scatter away, but they stood their ground, ready to attack me. Isabel appeared beside me, and, nudging me aside, passed me, and stepped right into the women’s personal space. One of them raised their arms in the air, like it was going to give Isabel a smack-down like one of those TV wrestlers. Isabel swiftly plunged a knife into her throat, the point of the hunting knife sliding out the back of her neck. She screamed, and, with the expulsion of air, the blood sprayed out of the hole in her neck and soaked Isabel’s face. Isabel turned the knife to the side, thrust it in again, and then drew it back out quickly as the other thing grabbed her by the shoulder. It opened its mouth and lunged at Isabel. I rushed forward and rammed the butt of the shotgun into the other woman’s face, feeling the nose pushing back into her skull. She stopped mid-lunge and stumbled backwards. I pulled the gun back again and stepped into her fall, then raised the gun behind my head and swung it in a wide arc, hitting the thing on the side of her head, making her grunt from the force. She fell over sideways to the floor, landing on all fours. I drew the gun back again, but before I could act Isabel jumped onto her back and drove the knife into the base of her skull, severing the spine from her head. The thing collapsed on the carpet, and lay there motionless. The other one was still making noises, but she wasn’t moving, and small red bubbles were multiplying in a cluster at her neck wound. We turned our attention to the door and I knocked, telling them through the door that it was us. We could hear furniture being moved, latches being undone. The door finally opened and Frank’s face filled the gap. He smiled, although it was distressed. 
“Frank.  We have to get all of you out of here. The building, it’s literally crawling with those things.” I said.
Frank opened the door further and motioned us in. We went into the apartment, Frank locking the door behind us. 
“Denny, I appreciate you coming back for us but I really don’t think we should leave. There’s no way we can survive out there with the kids.”
“You don’t understand” I pressed, “it’s just a matter of time before they get in here, there’s too many of them.”
“We’ll have to take our chances in here Denny, taking all of us into the open is a death sentence.  We wouldn’t survive an hour.”
John spoke up in Frank’s defense.
“He’s right Denny, we can fortify the apartment even more, keep them out until they move on.  We can’t travel with the kids, it just wouldn’t work.  It’s too risky.”
Not knowing what to do or say next, we all just stood there in silence. Suddenly there was banging at the door and a voice from the other side. 
“Denny, Frank, it’s me, Thom, open the door quick.”
I ran to the door, unlatched the locks, and opened it; Thom stood there, his face wet with sweat, breathing hard. As he was about to step inside, his head snapped to the side, staring down the hallway. I put my hand on his shoulder and pulled him in, leaning out to look as I did. The hallway was full of infected on both ends, rushing towards us like runners after the crack of the starter pistol at a marathon. As Thom entered the apartment, he was trying to explain breathlessly that he couldn’t get to the escape window, and he had ran in circles before having no choice but to come back up. I stepped back in with him and slammed the door, but was impeded by a bluish arm that shot into the gap at the last second. I slammed repeatedly on the arm, hoping it would give up, but instead two more arms joined it. I called to Frank, who was already behind me and threw his weight into the door with mine. One of the arms retreated back into the hallway, but the force on the other side of the door was getting stronger, pushing back against us. One of the men was taking the women and children into the bedroom closest to the living room. They took some furniture and wood in with them, so they could start barricading the door shut from the inside once they were in there. Frank and I were starting to lose our battle; the force from the hallway was becoming too great to hold back. We gave it one last big push, but the door wouldn’t close, so we stepped back and pulled out our guns. The door crashed open, infected people spilling in like water, falling over each other. With Thom at our side we opened fire, shooting everything we could as they piled into the room. Isabel was in the other bedroom with Clive, a friend of one of the families, and they were preparing the room for the rest of us to barricade ourselves into once we could manage. Our three-man line of resistance kept backing up towards the bedroom, shooting anything that came near us. Everyone else was already locked into the first bedroom. A wave of infected ran in and clamored to the first bedroom door, banging their hands on it, roaring and crying out. We made it to the door of the second bedroom and went in one by one, Clive ready to slam the door once we were in. I got in first, followed by Frank, and, lastly, Thom. Clive pushed the door and began to close it just as an infected hand gripped the edge of the door. Isabel stepped in and slashed at the fingers with her knife, carving deep gouges into the flesh repeatedly until the fingertips slid to the floor. The hand receded with a yelp from the other side and Isabel turned back towards us victoriously as Clive shut the door. We quickly barred the door with a large dresser, and wedged a large armchair into the entrance beside it. 
For a moment we just stood there catching our breath, glad we were safe in the room, but deeply concerned about where to go from here. The infected were banging on our door, and we could clearly hear the racket of dozens of hands slapping against the first bedroom door as well. I had no idea how many infected had made their way to the fourth floor now, or how many were actually in the apartment. It seems Frank had the same realization I did, because his face suddenly soured as he turned towards me. 
“What the fuck have you done?”
I was dumbfounded. What could I say? We had done a selfless thing to come back and try to help our new friends, but it had backfired horribly, putting everyone involved into far more danger than they were in before we returned. 
“Frank, I …we came back to help you, how could we have known this would happen?”
I pleaded with him to understand that we didn’t mean to make anything worse; we were trying to warn them. My words didn’t seem to console him, which was understandable--all of his family and friends were in grave danger now thanks to us. Frank started to pace, breaking into a sweat and muttering to himself. 
“Frank, we’ll figure this out.” Thom pled. 
But Frank acted as if we weren’t even there. He just continued his conversation with himself and kept pacing. He stopped and looked up into nothing, not at any of us, just into space. And then he raised his finger like he was getting an idea. 
“I have to kill them all. There’s no other way, I just have to kill them. Emily’s in that room, I have to go.”
“Frank, what are you talking about?" I asked. 
Frank turned quickly on me, his finger swinging out to point at my face. 
“Kill them I said, I have to kill them. It’s the only way we’re getting out of this. I have to get Emily and the girls.”
He turned quickly, grabbed the armchair, and tossed it aside as if it were a bag of garbage. His hands found the dresser and started pulling it away from the door. Clive got quite panic stricken and grabbed Frank by the shoulder. 
“Frank, stop it, you can’t kill them all, there’s too many!" Frank moved his left arm back, knocking Clive away, and returned to his task of moving the dresser. Thom and I approached him, but he spun around and held his gun out at us, his hand shaking. 
“Back off!” he shouted, “There’s no other way”. 
He paused a moment, then returned to the dresser. We couldn’t let him open the door; it would mean the end of us. I raised the butt of the shotgun and brought it down hard on the back of his neck. He fell against the desk, shook his head, and started to turn. I panicked and struck him again with the gun, this time catching his temple as he turned his head. I knocked him back into the dresser again,  and he lost his footing and fell to the floor. As he fell, his hand jerked up and his pistol went off. Instinctively, I ducked and put my hands up in front of my face, the shot flew so close to the top of my head I could feel it cut the air. Thom yelled stop and raised his gun to Frank, just as Frank fired off another round. This time he fired as he hit the floor; he wasn’t even looking, he was just firing blindly, this shot flying wild and striking the wall. I pulled the shotgun up and pointed it at Frank while yelling for him to stop. Clive didn’t have a gun, but he dove in front of us at Frank. He landed on top of him and they struggled, both of Clive’s hands wrapped around Frank’s wrist, keeping the gun away from his face. Frank grunted from the weight of Clive on him and squeezed the trigger again, the loud crack of the handgun deafening in the small room. Clive hauled back with one hand and struck Frank hard in the face with a closed fist. Frank’s head spun and blood shot out of his nose. He turned back towards Clive dazed, and Clive hit him again, this time making Frank lose his hold on the pistol. When the gun hit the floor, Thom reached for it and grabbed it away. Clive pulled back for another hit, but Frank wasn’t resisting anymore. He went limp and started to weep. Clive relaxed himself, slowly getting off Frank. Clive seemed overly distraught about the whole thing; I thought I even saw him do the sign of the holy trinity over himself after Frank gave up. 
Thom and I stood up and took stock of the scene, exhausted from the brief but intense confrontation. Thom took a step back and turned around. From the sound of the gasp that followed, I thought someone had plunged a knife into him. Startled, I turned around and saw Isabel standing by the window, her hands folded over her stomach and blood seeping through her fingers, her face was as white as a linen sheet. 
“Jesus Christ!" Thom screamed. 
A loud crashing sound thundered through the room as broken glass from the window sprayed across us all. Isabel turned around just as a myriad of arms jutted in the room from outside, grabbing her arms and head. They pulled her out of the window so fast my brain couldn’t even register what was happening, and then she was gone. Thom screamed again and ran to the window, firing his gun through the broken window and into open air. He got to the window and half leapt out, screaming Isabel’s name over and over again. Clive and I both reached towards him and grabbed the back of his shirt, pulling him back in. He was freaking out, hoarsely screaming, and clicking the trigger of his empty gun repeatedly. I turned to Frank to get his help subduing Thom, and that’s when I noticed the open door and Frank’s back disappearing through it. Our impossibly horrible situation just got much worse. 


CHAPTER 21: CLIVE STANLEY MORGAN

Clive Stanley Morgan wasn’t quite sure where or when he was born. He grew up in the Belvedere Orphanage in St. John’s, Newfoundland. The nuns at the orphanage told him he was anonymously dropped off there when he was less than a year old, which would make him approximately sixty years old. You often hear terrible stories of children growing up in orphanages, especially those run by nuns, but Clive didn’t mind it. Even as a very young child, he liked the routine of it. He enjoyed the scheduled chores and having to wake up and go to bed at the same time every day. And he always had a good time playing with the other children at the orphanage. 
As he grew into his teens, he wasn’t the only lifelong resident of the orphanage, and so many of the kids there were like brothers and sisters to Clive. When Clive was old enough he had started helping out around the orphanage, doing extra odd jobs and taking on more chores than the other kids. He quickly became a favourite of the nuns, and in his teens, he became close friends with a priest who worked out of the orphanage. 
Father Anthony was in his sixties, kind and very easy to talk to. He had quite the acerbic sense of humour for a priest, and he often harassed the nuns with his teasing. He even managed to make some of them blush on occasion, which was no easy feat. Clive got to know Father Anthony better when one of the duties he took on was the regular maintenance of the chapel. When Clive turned 13, Father Anthony asked if he would like to be an altar boy, and Clive humbly accepted. He felt strange in the role at first, as he wasn’t sure where his beliefs lay about God and heaven and such things. Father Anthony had many long discussions with Clive after masses, talking to him as an equal and with respect. He did as best he could to answer Clive’s questions and educate him on the bible and on Father Anthony’s own beliefs. 
As the years went on, Clive came to understand many of the things he had been taught, and he started to open his heart and believe that, despite the circumstances in his life, there was a higher power looking out for him. He found solace and redemption in the bible and a faith he never knew he had. He came to believe in God with all his heart. He believed so wholeheartedly that when he turned 18, and was free to leave the orphanage, he joined the same seminary school that Father Anthony had attended. Clive wanted to spread the knowledge that he had gained. The knowledge that, despite your situation in life or the horrors that our world contains, there was always hope. To Clive, that was God. 
Once out of seminary school, Clive was assigned to the Church of St. Agatha in Scarborough. He presided over that parish for many years, and became a leader in the community. He was very outspoken about matters affecting his parishioners, including anything from neighbourhood gang violence to the city’s upkeep of the roads and infrastructure. He provided much-needed consolation to the people of his parish, taking a particular interest in helping the neighbourhood kids. He started an afterschool program at the church for kids who couldn’t go home right away because of working parents, and he gave guidance and tutelage to kids with difficulties, both educational and social. Father Clive was loved by his parishioners and treasured by his community. 
On a warm October day a few years back, someone had intentionally set the church ablaze one night. It was one of many cultural or religious based hate crimes that took place in the area. Father Clive was not in the church at the time, but the groundskeeper, an older man by the name of Wilson Tettinger was in the basement of the church and he died in the fire. The fire department managed to save the basic structure of the century old church, but it was essentially gutted from the fire. It took two long years for the church to be rebuilt. The church offered to move Father Clive to another parish, but he refused to leave, at one point holding Sunday mass in the church with no roof on it at all--weather permitting. With the support of the community, and of the city of Scarborough as a whole, the church was renovated to its former splendor, and the incident only strengthened the bond of the congregation and the community. 
Much of the help that Father Clive had personally received was from some of the families that lived in the Bramford Towers, which was only a block or so away from the church. From their balconies, the families could see the black smoke rising in the sky the day the fire happened. Frank Callaghan had been the first person to call the fire department, and one of the first people to check on Father Clive at the parochial house next to the church. Father Clive had been crushed that day, his spirits dampened and his faith in man tested. But through the support of people like the Callaghan’s and the Cohen’s, his faith grew stronger in the end, as did his belief in the goodness of mankind. 
He frequently dined with the two families, and when he couldn’t, they often brought him food as he worked on restoring the church. The day they officially reopened the church to the public was one of the proudest days in Father Clive’s life. His congregation was his family. He swore to protect and lead them with all the strength God had given him. He just had no idea how much of that strength he would eventually need. 


CHAPTER 22: HOUSEKEEPING

Mere seconds after Frank disappeared out the door, shadows filled the doorway and a mob of infected appeared before us. Thom was slumped over the windowsill, still half hanging out, but Clive picked up and reloaded Thom’s gun and we opened fire on the mad things that ran at us with carnivorous yellow eyes. The bullets hit the monsters randomly, taking out foreheads and eyes, bucking back shoulders, imploding arms and kneecaps. They fell in a wave to a pile in front of us, and kept on coming. We both ran out of ammo at around the same time, which was ill-timed on our part but there had been no time to think about ammo in advance. Clive reached over and flipped up the bed, covering us with the mattress while we turned our backs and reloaded. The weight of the creatures slammed into the mattress, almost knocking us right over, but Clive raised his back up against the mattress, holding it in place until I had finished reloading. When I finished, I took his place so that he could replace the magazine clip in his Beretta. Then we turned, braced ourselves against the wall, and pushed the mattress out with our feet, throwing the wall of infected back with the mattress on top of them. I took advantage of the spare three seconds and hauled Thom back in from the window, his face slick with tears. He dropped to the floor and put his head in his hands, sobbing. I took hold of his face and turned it my way, looking him in the eyes. 
“Thom! We have to get out of here.” I said sternly. Thom turned his head to the right and looked at the empty bed frame where the mattress used to be. In the exposed spot where the mattress had been were some piles of clothes, some bottled water, and a cheap axe from Canadian Tire. Thom took in a deep breath, his stuffed up nose making a sniffling noise like that of a child home sick from school. He reached over and grabbed the axe handle, stood up, and stared at the door for a brief moment. He looked zoned out, as if he were looking far beyond what lay in front of his eyes. As the next wave of infected appeared in the doorway, he raised the axe and released a loud, indiscernible primal roar. He burst into a run, his first step hitting the mattress and springing him into the doorway. He hacked at the first thing that appeared in front of him, embedding the blade deep into the top of its skull. It stopped moving instantly and axe was pulled down with it as it fell to the floor. Thom continued his momentum by running up its body as it fell, one foot on its leg, then one on its chest, and then as it hit the floor, one on its throat as he yanked the blade from its resting place, the metal on bone screeched as it pried out. The axe swung out in a wide arc; chopping bits off anything within arm’s reach, and just kept swinging. Thom continued to move forward with the momentum, now in the hall outside of the room. He was covered almost head to toe in a thick yellow-red blood. He moved ahead and out of our sight as Clive and I stood alone in the bedroom with a pile of massacred infected bodies strewn out into the hallway. Clive and I looked at each other in disbelief for a moment, and then ran out after Thom.
 One would have to see the sight in the living room to believe it. Thom was in the middle of the room, axe gripped in both hands, surrounded by about 20 infected people, and he was swinging away at them like it was a cluster of British Columbia redwoods. None of the things got within 6 inches of Thom, he was a human weed whacker. Clive took the chance as they were busy with Thom and ran to the door of the other bedroom. It still seemed intact, although it was splintered and stained with a thousand bloody handprints. Clive knocked and tried to get someone’s attention on the other side as I went to help Thom. I raised my pistol and put it to the heads of any infected I came within range of, and started shooting. About forty-five seconds later, Thom and I were standing in the living room with a massive pile of bodies heaped in a circle around us. I ran quickly to the front door and looked into the hallway, where more infected were flooding in from the stairwells. I slammed the front door shut again, locking it up tight, the infected reaching the door just as I did. Their hands banged on the door, their moans seeped in through the walls, causing the hairs on my neck stand up and goose bumps rise on my arms. I turned back to check on the others. Thom still stood in the middle of the room, chest heaving from the sudden adrenaline rush. Clive stood in front on him, staring, trying to discern what state Thom was actually in. Clive turned back to the bedroom door, and eventually coaxed one of the adults to open it. Emily was the first out and her eyes widened as she tried to take in the carnage in front of her. She gave a shout back to the room to keep all of the kids in there--they didn’t need to see any of this. We did a quick once around the room, but we couldn’t see any sign of Frank. We checked with everyone in the bedroom, but no one, including Emily, had seen or heard from him. It was almost as if he had vanished when he left the bedroom. Emily was worried out of her mind, but she hid it well in front of her kids. Clive and I convened in the blood-soaked living room where Thom still stood, now motionless, and attempted to figure out some kind of plan. 
The building was swarming with infected, inside and out. That pretty much eliminated both of our exits in one fell swoop. We were out of options, and we didn’t think we had a chance to get out by attacking the infected. Sure, Thom was a wrecking ball now, and we could maybe clear the outside hallway, but to then get down three more floors and out of the building? Not bloody likely. I walked over to Thom to see if he was okay as he hadn’t spoken a word or even looked at any of us since the attack ended. I stood in front of him and looked him in the eyes, asking for a sign that he was okay. He looked past me; his eyes were distant, dead. I shook him a little, repeating my questions, but he was unresponsive. I decided it was time to get a little more aggressive. I slapped him across the face, hard. His face swung to the side and stayed there for a moment. Then he slowly turned his head back to me and looked me square in the eyes. His eyebrows lowered and his eyes squinted slightly in anger. The muscles in his jaw tightened. Then he exploded. 
His mouth opened wide and he screamed at the top of his lungs and grabbed me, one hand on my throat and one on my left shoulder. He ran with me in his grip, my feet tripping over one another until my back hit the wall. Thom slammed some extra force into me as I hit the wall and I could feel the drywall crack under my back and my head bounce off the stud behind. It hurt like hell. Spittle flew out of Thom’s mouth in long strands as he screamed profanities in my face, his hot breath smothering me. Finally he stopped screaming and put his face up to mine, Clive now at his back, holding him. He spoke quietly to me with the tip of his nose touching mine. The heat from his anger was palpable. 
“This is your fault Denny. They would have been fine in here were it not for you, and Isabel would be alive with us on our way out of town. You fucking did this you son of a bitch!”
Clive pulled Thom away from me, his fists still clenched, his knuckles white. Thom shrugged Clive’s hold off of him and backed up into the middle of the room. He was still breathing heavily, sweating now. He looked exhausted and angry. He screamed again, then picked up the axe and raised it above his head, everyone in the room yelling “NO” at the same time, hands shooting out in front of them. Thom brought the axe down in the middle of the floor, then pried it back out and took another swing, hacking at the floor with great conviction. We all stood frozen, unsure at first what was happening. However, as his chopping started to open up a hole in the floor and light shone up from the apartment below, we understood. Thom was digging us out. 


CHAPTER 23: SAVIOUR

I had never seen anybody move with such conviction and anger as Thom was then. He had that floor splintered open in a matter of minutes. After chipping away the rough edges with the head of the axe, Thom stood up straight and looked right at me with a fire in his eyes; a confused, burning, angry fire that I had only ever seen once before from him. He broke the stare and took a step forward almost as though sleepwalking, and dropped right through the hole. As if by reflex, we moved forward and knelt on the floor, looking down through the gaping hole that had opened inside this beast of a building to us. Thom stood in the middle of someone else’s living room, and was already hacking at the floor there. I moved to drop down the hole myself, but Clive held his hand to my chest. 
“I’ll go. You should keep your distance, at least for a while. ”
I didn’t like hearing someone tell me to stay away from my best friend, but he was right. I backed off. Clive sat on the floor and stuck his legs through the hole, and I helped lower him down. He hung from my hands for a second, then he let go and landed beside Thom, who didn’t even look over--he just kept swinging that axe as if he were slaying some invisible dragon. By the time Clive had checked out the apartment below, Thom had already finished his second hole and was heading through to the next apartment. Thom was now on the second floor, and he began savagely attacking it, letting out loud grunts with each swing of the axe. I jumped down one level to join Clive. Everyone else would stay put until we were sure it was safe. After another 30 minutes of Thom the one-man-wrecking-crew’s efforts and he was standing on the ground floor in some stranger’s apartment. Clive appeared beside him and they both looked around that apartment to be sure it was safe. I was above them now and watching them through the second floor hole as they both disappeared from view. 
Out of nowhere, I heard a sudden scream, a young-sounding voice, and I quickly jumped down the hole and towards the noise, my gun drawn. I ran into the hallway, almost bumping into Clive. We both got to the bedroom Thom was in at the same time, and wedged into the doorframe together, frozen. Thom stood in the room over a small single bed. The bed was drenched in blood. A woman in her fifties was splayed out on the mattress, literally ripped apart. Slumped over her was what looked like a young boy, lying on his stomach over her torso, his head sideways with those fluorescent yellow eyes, and Thom’s axe buried between his shoulder blades. Thom stood beside the bed, hands still wrapped around the handle of the axe, his face wet with blood and sweat, his whole body shaking. I stretched my hand out, eager to console my friend, but just the motion of my hand moving in his general direction seemed to repulse him, and he recoiled quickly, pulling the axe out of the child’s back. He stepped away from the bed and adjusted his grip, rocking back and forth from left foot to right foot. I opened my mouth to say something, but before the words could even form, Thom flew into another rage. He slid the axe through his belt and tore through the apartment. In the living room he picked up a sofa by one end and shoved it across the room at top speed, yelling loudly in a raging, animalistic voice. The sofa crashed into the patio doors and created a small supernova of shattering glass. The shards flew everywhere as we cowered behind our own arms. Thom dropped the sofa once it was outside the door, leaving it half-sitting on the balcony. He turned to us and took a few deep breaths before speaking. 
“You’re on your own now Denny. You’re all on your own. I have to leave before I do something I’ll regret.”
My brain barely had time to register these words yet they already haunted me. Thom turned and ran, and as he got further and further from the building, a small crowd started forming behind him, running in the same direction, following him. They were leaping off the building over our heads, hitting the ground with thick thuds, some breaking joints, but still attempting to join the migration after Thom, even crawling, pulling their useless bodies behind them, but following nonetheless. I moved forward to follow Thom and the sea of infected, but Clive clamped his hands on my shoulders, halting my departure. 
“You can’t do anything Denny. He is a lost soul now; he has suffered too much and needs to find his own answers. You saw the look in his eyes; he won’t listen to anything you have to say.”
“Then I’ll beat him into submission and carry him back with me! It’s better than those things getting him.”
“He’ll be okay; he knows what to do and where to go. He’ll be fine.”
“What do you mean he knows where to go? What the hell did you say to him? Where is he going?”
“Denny, he needs to be alone; he needs to sort things out in his soul, in his heart. I sent him to my church. There is a secure, single room in the cellar where he can hole up; he’ll be safe. There are supplies there for him, so he’ll be fine. He has nowhere else to go now Denny, leave him be.”
I wanted to punch Clive in the face, but I knew that what he was saying made sense. Thom had lost everything twice over. As long as I knew he was safe I should leave him alone. I could come back after I got Diane and Jordan; I could come back and see that he was all right. Even though he was angry with me, he had sacrificed his own safety to get the infected away from the building long enough for us to get away. Now we stood together, the three families plus Clive and me. I had no idea where we would take these people, but I now felt it was my responsibility to make sure they would be safe before I could continue on my way home. 
We discussed our options and at first we thought about checking another building for a secure apartment, but it seemed too risky considering the events of this afternoon. Clive suggested we go to a self-storage place not far from here. Since the units run on electricity produced by a generator, with a few supplies it could be the ideal place to hole up until either help came or this thing somehow ended. Then there was our other option. We could go straight to the military encampment set up by the mall. The families would definitely be safer there--I just knew I wouldn’t. 
We decided to go with the safest choice, so I would accompany them as close as possible, then make my own way in another direction, staying clear of the armed forces. We figured it wouldn’t take any longer than 20 minutes or so to get there if we went straight across the highway. The way was wide open so we’d be able to see everything in all directions plus it wouldn’t look like we were sneaking up on the military once they saw us. Ensuring there were no accidental shootings was our first concern; we had to make it very clear that we weren’t infected and that we needed help. Clive would lead the families across the highway, and I would cover them from the treeline on the farmland to the north of the highway, using a scoped rifle that Frank had. I wasn’t the best rifleman around, but I could handle it if I needed to. 
We all started moving in the direction of the highway. After about 500 metres I splintered off to the east and headed into the woods. I quickly came to a hill that provided good visibility and proceeded to lie down in the tall grass. I followed the group through the scope, watching them run at a good pace, the adults helping the kids over the guardrails of the highway. Once they started moving across the blacktop, I moved the scope to focus on the north to see if there was any activity from the military. There was a makeshift guard tower not far from the north side of the highway, and the soldier in it finally took notice of the group after a short time of daydreaming in the haze of the midday sun. He raised his rifle and took aim at the group after tilting his head slightly to mutter some warning into his shoulder-mounted radio. I looked further north and saw a hummer already making its way over to them. It skidded to a stop at the base of the tower and four soldiers jumped out with great urgency and rushed to the northern guardrails. They all fell into strategic positions and yelled out harsh warnings to the group, who stopped in the middle of the road, hands raised. Wayne yelled something I couldn’t make out and two of the soldiers jumped the rail and approached them. They did a quick search and pat down of everyone, then led them over the rail and into the area where the post was located. The families were all safe for now, and I didn’t have to fire a shot. Until a hand landed on my shoulder from behind. My finger twitched and a round flew into the air, the echo carrying on the wind. I rolled over in the grass, swinging the rifle around with me, and the barrel was stopped by Frank’s large hand. His other hand was held out in a stopping gesture. Frank looked up and beyond me as I turned to look back towards the military encampment. It may not have been the shot heard round the world, but it was certainly the shot heard round Scarborough. The troops had already started to mobilize in our direction. 


CHAPTER 24: DENVER LEO COLLINS

I was born on August 15, 1969, at twelve noon on the dot. My mother always said that was why I was never late for lunch. My parents were Charles Paul Collins and Christiaane Angeline Collins. 
My father was a gentle giant, soft spoken, a big man of six-foot-three. He was never a much of a disciplinarian, but if you disappointed him you knew it, and that was much worse than any punishment you could receive. He was a hard-working man, having worked in an auto parts factory for many years, then working until retirement for Canada Customs as a regional supervisor for the Durham Region. He took pride in his work and his family and was generally a happy and optimistic man, despite often being dealt a bad hand in life. He always had financial strife, mostly due to bad luck and poor timing. Nevertheless, he made sure the bills were paid and always had food on the table. And I was never left wanting of anything as a child. Christmases were always memorable, and I always got the things I wanted most; the smile on my face was payment enough for my father. As I grew older, I started to notice my parents growing apart, being less affectionate with each other.  I always sensed the gap between them was not by my father’s choosing, but it was a subject never addresses with me personally, so I never knew the reasons behind it. When I was around 16, my parents got a divorce, and I stayed with my father in Oshawa, while my mother moved out on her own. My mother had instigated the separation, but my parents seemed to stay on fairly good terms as the years went by. I always knew his heart was broken though, and that he never stopped loving my mother. He eventually ended up remarrying some years later, and lived out his retirement years very happily with his new wife, Beth. 
During retirement, my father took to enjoying what he could in life. He was a carpenter, and an all-around handyman who enjoyed tinkering and fixing things in anyone’s home, not just his own. He was an avid reader and loved to spend time with his family. About ten years into his retirement, my father began having some health problems, mostly related to his heart and mostly due to his having been an enthusiastic eater and smoker throughout his life. He had a heart attack at the age of sixty-eight, and had a faulty valve replaced. The years after the surgery were tempestuous at best. While his immune system was at its most vulnerable after the surgery, my father seemed to catch virus after virus, keeping him in a perpetual state of illness. His weight ballooned up and down, he contracted jaundice, and he began retaining water to the point that he looked twice his weight. Through it all, he tried to maintain a positive attitude, and he still tried to enjoy life the best he could. My father had a deep hatred of hospitals, and stayed out of them as much as he could. 
After a few years of continual illness and a handful of strokes, he finally agreed to see someone about a pacemaker. The morning of his appointment for the consultation, he rose happy, enjoying the beautiful spring weather. He ate a solid breakfast and basked in the warmth of the early morning sunlight at his kitchen table. Beth found him lying on the floor shortly thereafter, a peaceful look on his face. He was rushed to the hospital and declared dead a short time later. The memorial was simple, heartfelt and full of people exchanging stories of my father and the joy he brought into their lives. He had been a strong man, a great father, and a kind soul. 
My mother, Christiaane, was born in Holland and was just a young girl when World War II broke out. Her mother was a homemaker and her father was the most popular barber in town. The Nazi’s invaded during the blitzkrieg of Holland, and within days of the initial attack they had taken over the entire town. She told me of an incident where a German soldier had come into her father’s barber shop one busy Saturday afternoon, and demanded he get his hair cut right away, despite the long line of waiting townsfolk. Her father refused the officer, telling him he would have to wait his turn like everyone else. The officer stormed out of the barbershop and returned to his command post. One of the patrons of the barbershop quickly sent word to my grandmother of what happened and, fearing for her husband’s life, she walked down to the German post herself, asking to speak to the officer in charge. The German officer approached and listened to the sincere Dutch woman who pleaded for her husband’s life, explaining the situation and apologizing. The officer told her she could leave, and that she should take pride in the fact that she just saved her husband’s life. Some time later, the Nazi’s actually commandeered my mother’s childhood home as a post, and treated her family as if they were slaves. This was when my grandparents knew they could take no more. One day, under the guise of going into town to get food, they boarded a ship with help from some local friends. With nothing but what they could carry inconspicuously, they set sail away from their Nazi-occupied homeland to Canada. 
My mother’s family made a new home in Oshawa, Ontario, with the help of some family that had already moved there before the war. My mother, now called Chrissy, was very happy in her new home. She grew up very independent and strong willed, and was well-liked in school. She was always the popular girl, everyone’s friend, the social butterfly. After meeting Charles, courting, and eventually getting married, she always held a job of some sort outside of the house and a clear sense of independence; it was part of her personality that could not be suppressed. Even while raising me, she would always have something on the go, some project, some job somewhere to keep her in the social loop.  She loved being around people and thrived in social settings. I think it was this independence that eventually drove her to divorce my father. She couldn’t handle being tied down. I think she was still discovering herself and looking for something in life that would truly satisfy her longing to see more, to discover herself and the world. At least that is what I always thought. But she never stopped loving my father, and they were always respectful of one another and never stopped caring about each other. In a different reality, who knows if things would have gone the same way?
As for me, Denny, I was always a happy child. I was very imaginative and creative, and very often lost in my own world. I loved to play, to pretend, and to get lost in the worlds created in my own mind. I loved toys and would spend countless hours playing pretend with my friends, whether I was a soldier, a superhero or a strongman. My parents were low maintenance, meaning they pretty much left me to my own devices. They instilled in me their values, and the rules by which to remain safe in my own life, and I followed their lead. 
I rarely got into trouble, except for at school. I was not much for education, although I liked the atmosphere and social aspects of it. I didn’t like the work though. If it was creative, such as writing stories or art, I excelled, but in the laborious pursuits of the rest of education, history, math, science, I had no interest. I always passed my classes, and was well liked by my teachers, but I was a real daydreamer, my head was never where it should be; I was always off in some distant dream. 
In grade school, I was desperate not to disappoint my parents.  I kept failing to submit homework and would have notes sent home for my folks to acknowledge and sign. I got very good at forging their signatures and bringing them back. Of course, it eventually backfired on me when someone in the school office started noticing discrepancies in the signatures. Needless to say, it didn’t end well for me. 
Through high school, it was much of the same. I had good enough grades to get by, but I was still more into daydreaming and having fun. I did well in English and art class, as usual, and did horribly in math and gym. I hated gym class. I couldn’t wrap my head around being forced to play sports I did not enjoy. I was the worst gym student the school had ever seen, and perhaps the only gym student ever to actually fail the class. Forty-two percent and damn proud of it. Luckily, I didn’t need a gym credit to graduate, and graduate I did. 
My twenties were a blur of no responsibility. I lived on my own or with roommates for most of that time, and spent most of my money on entertainment and frivolous fun. My twenties were all about hanging out with friends. They were also about depression. Despite the fun I had socially, I had some issues personally. I longed for some sort of relationship, but my world was filled with not very serious people who were interested in not very serious relationships. I was popular with my friends, but not with women. I was every woman’s best friend, and I often heard the (damning) words ‘you’re like a brother to me’. I had a string of short-lived relationships, but most ended by way of me wanting more, and the women being scared off. I ended up with loneliness issues and some related anger issues.  
One day when I was about twenty-seven, I had an epiphany one day that I was wasting an awful lot of my life sulking about things that were beyond my control. That realization turned my life into a drastically happier place. I started working in fields that were more to my liking and spent more time doing what I wanted to do, which was writing. I stopped worrying about relationships and figured that life would unfold as it deemed fit. All those theories and attitudes rang true when I was introduced to Diane and my true life and purpose began. Moreover, everything I believed in my life was solidified once Jordan was born. I was finally a truly happy man. 


Also Available from 
Books of the Dead Press:

Tonia Brown - Lucky Stiff: Zombie Gigolo
Peter was unremarkable in life but unforgettable in death. After overdosing, friends turn him into a zombie with the help of sex-magic Voodoo. His extraordinary adventure takes him from bedroom to bedroom. He’s hottest gigolo not quite alive, and hungry for human flesh.

Steve Kuhn - We Are The Plague: Dext of the Dead, Book 1
Dext is a regular man in an irregular situation. The undead plague has decimated the population, but pockets of survivors still remain. A battered military search for survivors while scientists work frantically to control the spread. The clock is ticking… if he can keep running.

Steve Kuhn - We Are The Infected: Dext of the Dead, Book 2
Dext and his crew are reeling from the losses incurred during their stay at The Haven and are on the run. A military unit known as Kilo Company appears to be the group’s best bet for survival, but they are miles ahead and the gap is widening. Everything is not what it seems.

Steve Kuhn - We Are The Entombed: Dext of the Dead, Book 3
The dead have permeated every square inch of the country, leaving the survivors desperate for commodities. Roving bands of raiders and small, independent communities pose serious threats to one another, much like the increasing numbers of ravenous, shambling corpses. 

Steve Kuhn - We Are The Extinction: Dext of the Dead, Book 4
Tensions mount for Dext and his crew as they travel west in search of the elusive military unit known as Kilo Company. Characters, both good and evil, affect the course of events. Threats wait around every corner. A truth has been revealed: mankind is more monstrous than the living dead.

Steve Kuhn - We Are The End: Dext of the Dead, Book 5
The battle for Vegas is done, but not without heavy casualties and broken loyalties. Dishonesty within the group and mental instability weakens the bonds of family, making them vulnerable. One member will break an unspoken rule and thrust the entire group to the brink of self-destruction. 

Duncan McGeary - Death of an Immortal: Vampire Evolution Trilogy 1
The most powerful and feared vampire disappeared at the height of his powers and passed into legend. Most vampires think he’s dead. He is not dead. 

Duncan McGeary - Rule of Vampire: Vampire Evolution Trilogy 2
Jamie is on the run. Nobody taught her how to be a vampire; no one told her the Rules of Vampire. How was she supposed to know her limits? Now the vampire hunters want her dead.

Duncan McGeary - Blood of Gold: Vampire Evolution Trilogy 3
Terrill was the most ruthless vampire, but he evolved into a Golden Vampire, renouncing violence. He didn’t know that the evolution was directed by forces bigger than himself.

Justin Robinson - Undead On Arrival
Glen Novak is a dead man. Unfortunately for the scumbag who killed him, Novak will keep on cracking skulls until he finds the piece of trash that set him up, or is turned into a walking sack of rotten meat. 

Duncan McGeary - Led to the Slaughter
Trapped in the Sierra Nevada without food, The Donner Party are led to the slaughter. After being manipulated into a string of bad decisions, the travelers, frozen and abandoned, are preyed upon by werewolves in their midst––the very people they thought were friends. 

TS Alan - The Romero Strain
A group of New Yorkers is chased into the city’s underground by a zombie horde. Along their subterranean journey, they gather survivors while traveling to Grand Central Terminal, where they believe help will be found. 

John F.D. Taff – Kill/Off
When David Benning is blackmailed by a shadowy organization known only as The Group, he’s thrust into a world of guns, payoffs, and killing unknown, seemingly ordinary people. As he becomes more enmeshed, he begins to grasp The Group’s true motives.

J.C. Michael - Discoredia
As the year draws to a close, a mysterious stranger makes a proposition to club owner. It’s a deal involving a drug called Pandemonium. The good news: the drug is free. The bad news: it comes with a heavy price. Euphoria and ecstasy. Death and depravity. All come together at Discoredia.

James Roy Daley – Authors & Publishers Must Die!
No punches are pulled in this nonfiction title, which is filled to the rim with straightforward, practical advice for writers while exploring what it’s like to be on the other side of the desk. A must read for every author.

Weston Kincade – A Life of Death 1 - 4
Homicide detective Alex Drummond is confronted with the past through his son’s innocent question. Alex’s tale of his troubled senior year unfolds revealing loss, drunken abuse, and mysterious visions of murder and demonic children.

Weston Kincade – A Life of Death 5 - 8
Alcohol claims another life close to home. Alex and Paige set out to discover the truth, but who would believe a troubled teenager who claims to have visions?

Weston Kincade – A Life of Death 9 - 12
Struggling to hold onto his suspicions of Irene Harris, Alex heads to the DC Metropolitan Police Department. There, his suspicions are finally put to rest, and Alex is forced to start his search again. 

Julie Hutchings - Running Home
Death hovers around Ellie Morgan like the friend nobody wants. She doesn’t belong in snow-swept Ossipee, at a black tie party––but that is where she is, and where he is: Nicholas French, the man who mystifies her with the impossible knowledge of her troubled soul.

John F.D. Taff – The Bell Witch
A historical horror novel/ghost story based on what is perhaps the most well-documented poltergeist case to occur in the United States. The Bell Witch is, at once, a historical novel, a ghost story, a horror story, and a love story all rolled into one.

Justin Robinson - Everyman
Ian Covey is a doppelganger. A mimic. A shapeshifter. He can replace anyone he wants by becoming a perfect copy; taking the victim’s face, his home, his family. His life. No longer a man but a hungry void, Ian Covey is a monster. Virtue has a veil, a mask, and evil has a thousand faces.

Mark Matthews - On the Lips of Children
A family man named Macon plans to run a marathon, but falls prey to people who dwell in an underground drug-smuggling tunnel. They raise their twin children in a way he couldn't imagine: skinning victims for food and money. And Macon and his family are next.

Bracken MacLeod - Mountain Home
Lyn works at an isolated roadside diner, where a retired combat veteran stages an assault. Surviving the sniper’s bullets is only the beginning. She establishes herself as the disputed leader of a diverse group that is at odds with the situation. Will she––or anyone else––survive the attack?

Gary Brandner - The Howling
Karyn and her husband Roy had come to the peaceful California village of Drago to escape the savagery of the city. But the village had a most unsavory history. Unexplained disappearances, sudden deaths. People just vanished, never to be found.

Gary Brandner - The Howling II
For Karyn, it was the howling that heralded the nightmare in Drago… the nightmare that had joined her husband Roy to the she-wolf Marcia, and should have ended forever with the fire. But it hadn’t. Roy and Marcia were still alive, and deadly… and thirsty for vengeance. 

Gary Brandner - The Howling III
They are man. And they are beast. They stalk the night, eyes aflame, teeth flashing in vengeance. Malcolm, the young one, must choose between the way of the human and the howling of the wolf. Those who share his blood want to make him one of them. Those who fear him want him dead. 

James Roy Daley - Into Hell
Stephenie Page and her daughter Carrie pull off an empty highway at a gas station. Carrie enters the building first. When Stephenie steps inside she discovers that the restaurant is a slaughterhouse. There are dead bodies everywhere. The worst part is… Carrie is suddenly missing.

James Roy Daley - Terror Town
Hardcore horror at its best: Killer on the warpath. Monsters on the street. Vampires in the night. Zombies on the hunt. Welcome to Terror Town. The place where no one is safe. Nothing is sacred. All will die. All will suffer.

James Roy Daley - The Dead Parade
Within the hour, James will witness the suicide of his closest friend, be responsible for countless murders, and become a fugitive from the police. In the shadow of his mind, a demon lurks. Bloodlust is a virus and it’s infecting his logic. Survival is not an option.

Tonia Brown - Badass Zombie Road Trip
Jonah has seven days to find his best friend’s soul, or lose his own, dragging a zombie across the country with a stripper who has an agenda of her own, while being pursued for a crime he didn’t commit… and dealing with Satan. Two thousand miles. Seven days. Two souls. One zombie. Satan. 

Matt Hults - Husk
When Mallory moves to a small town, her new home won’t be as boring as she’d feared. Who is the dark figure watching her? What is the shape hanging in the shadows of the barn? And why has someone begun digging up graves? In the end, one night will decide if the dead will rise.

Tim Lebbon - Berserk
On a dark night Tom begins to unearth the mass grave where he hopes––and fears––that he will find his son’s remains. Instead, he finds madness: corpses in chains and dead bodies that move. And one little girl, dead and rotting, who promises to help Tom find what he’s looking for… 

Best New Zombie Tales - Volume One
Award winning authors and New York Times Bestsellers come together in this fantastic zombie anthology. Includes great tales by Ray Garton, Jonathan Maberry, Kealan Patrick Burke, Jeff Strand, Robert Swartwood, Gary McMahon, Kim Paffenroth… and so much more.

Best New Zombie Tales - Volume Two
Award winning authors and New York Times Bestsellers come together in this fantastic zombie anthology. Includes great tales by David Niall Wilson, Rio Youers, Nate Kenyon, Tim Waggoner, Narrelle M. Harris, John Everson, Mort Castle… and so much more. 

Best New Zombie Tales - Volume Three
Award winning authors and New York Times Bestsellers come together in this fantastic zombie anthology. Includes great tales by Simon Wood, Joe McKinney, Tim Lebbon, Nancy Kilpatrick, Paul Kane, Jeremy C. Shipp, Nate Southard… and so much more. 

Best New Werewolf Tales - Volume One
Award winning authors and New York Times Bestsellers come together in this fantastic werewolf anthology. Includes great tales by Jonathan Maberry, John Everson, Michael Laimo, James Roy Daley, Douglas Smith, David Niall Wilson, Nina Kiriki Hoffman… and so much more.

Best New Vampire Tales - Volume One
Award winning authors and New York Times Bestsellers come together in this fantastic vampire anthology. Includes great tales by Michael Laimo, David Niall Wilson, Tim Waggoner, John Everson, Don Webb, Jay Caselberg, Nancy Kilpatrick… and so much more.

James Roy Daley - Zombie Kong
Big. Bad. Heavy. Hungry. While a 50-foot tall zombie gorilla smashes the hell out of a small town, Candice Wanglund drags her son Jake through the hazardous streets in an attempt to get away from the man who is determined to kill them.  

John F.D. Taff - Little Deaths
Named the #1 Horror Collection of 2012 by Horror Talk / Named Top 5 books of 2012 by AndyErupts
You think you’ve got bad dreams? Consider author John F.D. Taff’s nightmares. Taff has the kind of nightmares no one really wants. But it’s nightmares like these that give him plenty of ideas to explore; ideas that he’s turned into the short stories he shares in his new collection.

John L. French - Paradise Denied
One of the best collections you’ll ever read. There isn’t a single story that feels like filler. Vampires, zombies, tough cops, faeries, heroes, or super-scientists, John French has got a tale for you, and it’s amazing. Readers agree: this is the book you won’t be able to put down. 

James Roy Daley - 13 Drops Of Blood
Thirteen tales of horror, suspense, and imagination. Enter the gore-soaked exhibit, the train of terror, the graveyard of the haunted. Meet the scientist of the monsters, the woman with the thing living inside her, the living dead. Quality horror with a flair for the hardcore. Not for the squeamish. 

Zombie Kong - Anthology
Zombies are bad, but ZOMBIE KONG is worse. Way worse. Big. Bad. Heavy. Hungry. This is the most original zombie anthology of all time. In the jungles, in the Arctic, in the cities, in the towns, Zombie Kong rules them all. Other zombies must bow to their god… ZOMBIE KONG! 

Paul Kane - Pain Cages
Reminiscent of Stephen King’s classic best-selling book Different Seasons, Paul Kane gives us an unforgettable collection of four novella-size stories. Each story is refreshingly original and delivers an emotional impact that is rarely seen in today’s literature. Speculative fiction at its best. 

Matt Hults - Anything Can Be Dangerous
Contains four amazing stories: Anything Can be Dangerous (the simple things in life can kill), Through the Valley of Death (a dark tale that will make you remember fear), The Finger (zombie literature has never been so extraordinary), and Feeding Frenzy (lunchtime in a place called Hell). 

Bill Howard - 10 Minutes From Home: Episodes 1 - 4
When a viral outbreak hits Toronto, Denny and Thom find themselves trapped in a town called Pontypool. As the streets begin to teem with violence, they must first find safety, and a way out of the now deadly metropolis.

Bill Howard - 10 Minutes From Home: Episodes 5 - 8
The journey gets bloodier as the group runs into hordes of the infected in a suburban neighborhood. Thom must make some drastic decisions when the survivors encounter a military camp. But does the camp provide safety, or just another hurdle delaying Denny’s expedition home?

Classic - Vampire Tales
Includes: J. Sheridan Lefanu / Bram Stoker / M. R. James / F. Benson / Algernon Blackwood / F. Marion Crawford / Mary E. Wilkins Freeman / James Robinson Planche / Johann Ludwig Tieck


Thank you for reading this book!

