



THE FIRST NIGHT

BOOK ONE




By
M.S. Fowle


"Whatever you do… don't call them vampires."


TABLE OF CONTENTS

Chapter One
Chapter Two
Chapter Three
Chapter Four
Chapter Five
Chapter Six
Chapter Seven


Copyright © 2012 M.S. Fowle
Smashwords Edition


All Rights Reserved.
No part of this publication may be reproduced, distributed, or transmitted in any form or by any means, including photocopying, recording, or other electronic or mechanical methods, without the prior written permission of the publisher, except in the case of brief quotations embodied in critical reviews and certain other noncommercial uses permitted by copyright law.

This is a work of fiction.
Any resemblance to actual persons, living or dead is entirely coincidental.


Cover Design © 2013 Melchelle Designs
http://melchelledesigns.com/

Chapter One

NOT EVEN A PASSING rain could tame the swelter of that spring Mississippi night. But with that first beastly howl, the mission had begun. The bait was running down the alleyways of a desolate Jackson neighborhood, bursting puddles with every stride and clutching a bloodied rag in one hand. The distinct scent soon lured monstrous paws to slam swiftly down the pavement in hunt. But as the beast rushed around the corner, it slid to a stop to find only the blood-soaked cloth and a dead end. Fast footsteps then raced in behind it as three tactical fighters charged with crudely fashioned machetes and welded spears. Their faces held no fear beneath the cloth of their handkerchief masks as they looked upon the hideous fiend. It was a nightmare they were used to.
It stood on feral hind legs, with its massive torso hunched forward in an unnatural posture, while the rest of it could only be described as a vulgar cross of animal and demon. As it towered nearly eight feet tall, drool seething from its greedy fangs, the three urban warriors went at it with their sharpened steel. The beast merely stooped to leap up and over them, but another pair of fighters rushed out in unison with their bladed staffs, slicing off both its arms. Blood spattered thick across the alley as it stumbled to the ground, desperately trying to get back up and struggling just to crawl. While the rest of the team simply watched, their leader walked casually over to it. All the gear they wore was deceiving, but the slight curves of her build gave her away. And like any other soldier, she approached her enemy without fear. Lifting her staff, she brought down the blade with a rigid hack to rip through its neck, delivering the final blow.
Just then, an echoing roar snapped all sights to the sky. And at the next breath, the eager gang's leader was sprinting far ahead. The others could only hope to catch up as they bustled between the abandoned buildings. But impish howls careened from above and the weight of two snarling creatures crashed to the ground, scattering the gang to every direction. As they reassembled to attack, their lone comrade was too focused on the next target to notice and she never lost pace.
A few blocks away, another monster was careening down a vacant street, avid on the scent it stalked. Only yards ahead, a man cloaked in a hooded, mid-length trench coat was making bounds as high and fast as the creature chasing him, even while holding the bleeding wound on his side. Around the bend, he rushed to an old footbridge that crossed the swift stream flowing far below. He was nearly halfway across when he felt his speed suddenly wane, and so he whirled around with the draw of an elegant longsword. Slashing his blade up the fiend's chest, it countered with a backhand, throwing the young man clear off his feet to slam him hard to the bridge planks. His stunned stare was then caught by the sudden shadow hurdling over him, and the masked fighter goring their spear through the torso of the salivating foe. Hooking back the blade to toss blood to the wind, the beast dropped to its knees, and one last slice took its head clean off.
The man was too shocked to breathe, too confounded by what he knew for sure and his loss of reason. That brave fighter in front of him was panting heavy, though still poised and ready for battle. But both went still as more howls echoed over the stream. Up ahead, a pair of monsters galloped into view to see the blood-soaked scene. But at the moment they charged, an entire team in hooded trench coats appeared behind them in but a blink. With assorted swords of only the finest craftsmanship, they pounced on the first one with unfounded speed and ease.
At the other end of the bridge, the rest of the urban gang had been stalled by the unfolding fray. They were clueless watching the trench coat fighters, especially with how they moved so fast so effortlessly. Their fearless leader, however, just held her weapon firm. But when a bark snarled from above, she looked with only enough time to see another monster diving straight down on her.
Suddenly, the air was knocked from her chest as the young man hurled himself into her, just before the beast sheered its claws deep down his back. The two crashed through the old wooden railing and the man's blood sprayed crimson gleams of moonlight as they tumbled over the edge. Falling fast towards the wild waters below, a handkerchief fluttered away and the fighter's hood flew back, letting a long braid toss about the disturbing innocence of the young woman's face. She was a soldier with the look of a child. With the man unconscious in her arms, she latched onto him as they plunged straight into the rapids of the cool stream, and the current carried them quickly out of sight.
Those left about the bridge could do nothing, while the warriors in the trench coats had already vanished.
About a half-mile downstream, the woman finally reached the calm pools along the shore to take in a few breaths. She hadn't really thought anything through. She didn't need to. She knew what had to be done. So, she heaved the weight of the wounded man onto her back and made her way up the shore. With the toes of his boots dragging at her heels, she climbed the banking to a neglected schoolyard. The dusty swings lightly swayed in the breeze as they passed by.
She felt a slow breath draw near her ear.
"This is unnecessary," he strained to speak, "Just leave me be."
"You saved my life," she almost laughed, "Ya' think I'd just leave ya' here to die?"
With their clothes dripping wet, she was grateful of the Southern heat. She lugged the man past the hobo district of trashcan fires and unnamed smells, and then the rubble of a burned down shoe factory. Barely noticing the odd, silver rod bolted to a street pole, an eerie quiet settled in as she headed down the alleyways. A faint light was just beginning to crawl across the city horizon.
"The sun…" said the man, "…is rising."
"That's a good thing," she told him, "They hate the sun."
His tired eyes looked up at her then, but she didn't know it. Her trying steps had finally brought them to a rundown house, one impervious to the distant police sirens, and she dug out her keys to start on the trio of locks. Inside, she turned on no lights, locked the door behind them and finally closed and secured a heavy gate of bars, just to be sure. She then carried the young man down the corridor, while he glanced into the passing room. It was empty, with all the windows reinforced with bars and sheet metal. As they followed the hallway, he could feel himself draining. The next door she opened led to a staircase down into the cellar.
"You should have left me," he said, nearing exhaustion, "My clan would have found me."
The woman merely turned to drape his arm over her shoulders and reached a firm hold around his waist. It caused him to cringe in pain, but she knew she had to hurry. With a small light on her belt to guide them, they made their way down the steps. The entire space was open and unused, with just a few dusty boxes stacked in the corner. Beyond the ancient furnace and chimney, they stepped past a cast iron hatch hung on heavy hinges to the brick wall, and the woman locked them both inside. It was complete darkness in that tiny room of stone and concrete, but she knew her way around. She rested the man atop a tattered mattress on the floor, and lit the wick of an oil lantern. Still wasting no time, she unfastened the strap of his broad sword and set it aside, and she took the utmost of care to remove his coat. Then, she lifted his shirt to see his wounds.
One was deep, following the line of his spine, with another slashed across his side. Sliding over a nearby knapsack, she took out a small tin box of medical supplies and began cutting away his gray linen top. As she cleaned his cuts, she was surprised to see how much they had already clotted. She also spied his listless eyes gradually open and shut as she applied his bandages. He looked as if he would speak, but he was far too weak to form the words. By the time she was finished, he had passed out completely.
After she slipped off his boots and covered him in blankets, she dared to reach for the silver chain she had spotted around his neck. It was an old coin medallion, the center carved in a coiling design like nothing she'd ever seen. Along the edges, letters spelled out a Latin quote. She found herself whispering it aloud.
"Strength through loyalty…"
Those three words meant more to her than any other words in the world. They urged her to pick up his gallant weapon. It was a claymore of superior craft. She found the cross-guard and pommel of the hilt with similar engravings. Visions of his encounter with that beast on the bridge replayed, and she recalled her stun from the speed of his movements against it. As she hung his hooded coat to the wall for it to dry, she was suddenly caught in a stare with the long tear down its back. It could have been her.
She had to find out who he was, to know more about his clan and their intentions. They shared the same enemy and yet they knew nothing about each other.
Feeling a chill start to get to her, she quickly changed her clothes and turned up the lantern for a bit of its warmth. She wrapped herself in the last of her blankets and made a seat at the end of her raggedy bed. The man was deep in sleep next to her and so she let her eyes find muse in the dance of the soft flame. Faithfully, it lured her to sleep. Though morning was just beginning to dawn, the two of them had suffered a great battle in the passing of night. And it would certainly not be their last.

Chapter Two

HOURS CRAWLED BY IN that windowless room, the oil lamp as its only light. Still frail, the man stirred and his blurred vision cleared. He spied the woman asleep at his feet, curled up and leaning against the wall. He stared in wonder of who she was. But his fatigue was too much. Unable to fight the weight of his eyes, he slipped back into slumber.
Later, it was the rasp of moaning metal that reawakened him. Though a few more hours had gone by, he felt that no time had passed. His sight focused to see the young woman set a cup of hot soup and a spoon next to the bed. With her standing over him in wait, he found enough strength to sit up.
"I don't need that," he plainly said.
"Ya' gotta eat…"
"I'll be fine!" he snapped, leaning to the cool of the wall.
The woman took back her offer and mumbled, "A simple 'no, thank you' would've been fine."
She set the cup to a wooden crate near the wall, where the man saw his torn trench coat was dry and neatly folded. The fabric had stiffened from his blood. Just beside it was his sword. He was then startled as the woman tossed him a clean shirt.
"What's your name?" she asked, seeing him struggle to get on the black cotton t-shirt.
He was oddly hindered by her simple question, keeping his sights low. "Does it matter?"
She let out a small laugh, catching a bit of his interest, "Guess not."
He spied through the stray tendrils of his chin-length hair, watching her sit on the floor next to the oil lamp without much care either way. He didn't know why, but…
"Zeke…" he lastly said, and she looked over at him.
Her lips briefly grinned, "I'm Alex."
In the quiet that followed, she could tell he was sizing her up in some way. She just pretended not to notice.
"So…" she finally broke the tension, "You guys part of some elite classified government team or somethin'?"
Zeke slanted his brow.
"The coats, the weapons…" Alex pointed out, "The way you fight them."
He coldly pulled his look of her away, snuffing her query.
She rolled her eyes. "How's your back?" she quickly asked.
"Fine…"
She started to stand, "You want me to check it?"
"No," his bark halted her.
Slowly, she sat back down and turned her stare to the flicker of the tiny flame.
"How long have I been here?"
"All day," she said, and pulled out her phone to check, "It's almost four o'clock."
The man slowly slumped to lie back down, feeling another wave of exhaustion overwhelming him.
"I will leave at dusk," he meekly told her and released a tired sigh before he was pulled back to sleep.
Alex hoped his rude demeanor was due to his condition, but she wasn't so sure. Propping her phone on the floor to show its clock, she tried not to grumble as she rose to her feet. She then gathered up her blanket and backpack and left him alone in the tiny room. She also needed to get going at sunset and had her own recouping to do.
* * *
Zeke didn't mean to be out for so long, but he roused to see the time on the glowing device showed it was likely past sundown. His body felt as hollow as a steel shell, and his head and limbs ached as he strived to get up out of bed. With feeble grips, he grabbed his coat and sword and hobbled to the door. Stepping out into the musty basement, he looked to the nearby corner and saw Alex napping, using her pack as a pillow. His steps just sneaked across the cement floor and then up the stairs in silence.
When a horrid howl severed the twilight air, Alex shot up in a fright as it echoed down the alleyways. The iron hatch on the wall was open and so she scurried in only to find the man was gone. Then, a crash from above rushed her upstairs.
Using the wall to climb back to his feet, Zeke was staggering desperately towards the front door. He flinched as another monstrous wail cried out. He was so out of breath that he could hardly see straight and he was again losing his balance when Alex grabbed to help hold him up. Without a word, she aided his fragile body back to the cellar.
"They are so close," he said.
"Usually are," said Alex, hurrying them back into the fallout room.
Quickly, she secured them inside. Zeke's state was failing, which only worried Alex more. Aiding him along, he sat and leaned shriveled to the wall atop the mattress, his coughs now more frequent and wheezy. Alex took a surrendering seat at the foot of the bed.
"Why…" Zeke found the strength to say, "Why do you keep helping me?"
She thought it was an ignorant question, especially given he could scarcely ask it.
"Even if you could walk, you wouldn't get two feet from the front door before they made a meal outta ya'."
He managed to roll his head enough to peek at her. Her eyes were again lost to the little firelight.
"That thing would've sliced me in half last night if it weren't for you," she then said, "I'm surprised you're even alive. And if you make it 'til morning, we should get you to a doctor. I'm just not sure what the hell we'd tell 'em."
"No," he insisted, "I must leave tonight. I must find the others."
"You mean your friends? I think they'd rather you get checked out. You should make sure those cuts aren't infected."
"You should mind your own business," he said with a glare.
Alex bit back her retort. But her thoughts churned deep with the odd sheen she saw the lantern flicker over his eyes. It was like that of a wild animal.
Then, loud slams began to hammer against the house above them. It triggered Zeke's curiosity, while Alex only stared at the lamp.
"It's the blood," she said.
"They tracked my blood here?"
She just shrugged, "They always track blood here. I try to get out of the house before it starts. Sometimes they go on for hours."
As the beasts banged wildly on, their bellowing calls fell deaf on the blocks of vacant buildings around them.
"Chimeras…" said Zeke, seizing Alex at full attention, "They are the spawn of the most dangerous and lethal predators in the world fused into one."
Blank of expression, Alex forced her view back to the light of the lamp. "What else do you know about 'em?"
Hesitant whenever he spoke to her, Zeke had to be careful. "Only two things kill them: sunlight and decapitation. And they must feed on flesh and blood to survive."
"That's pretty good," she said with a few nods, mildly impressed, "What do you know of their calls?"
Dipping his brow, it was clear he didn't understand.
"They can only be heard by those who have stared one straight in the eyes… and lived to tell the tale."
Zeke started to slouch, lower and lower until he could rest with his thoughts, "I never knew that of them."
"Could I ask," Alex remained cautious, "Why do you hunt them?"
He didn't wish to answer. He couldn't think of a reason why she should know.
"Because…" he found himself saying, "It is needed."
It was a simple answer, more so to avoid the question. But it was still true.
"Here…" she said, lightly knocking on his knee.
He saw her offering a canteen of water, but he refused it with a wave.
"Well then, eat something. You look like shit."
"I told you," he said with a weary sigh, "I'm fine."
His eyelids growing heavy, he felt his body sink into the lumpy mattress. Alex saw him so relaxed, and then her concern got the better of her. With stealth, she lifted his shirt and peeled away the bandage on his back. At her gasp, Zeke's eyes shot open.
With a sudden thrash, he launched from the bed to grab, haul and pin her hard to the wall. Alex was stunned by his speed, hearing his breaths desperate as he narrowed his fiery glare straight into her. That same image kept flashing to her mind, showing it over and over, the deep slash down his back… completely healed.
"I never asked you to save my life!" Zeke yelled, now battling a savage burn quickly broiling up inside him, "But since you have, I have done you the courtesy of sparing yours!"
Alex's look of terror then changed and she now glowered back at him with insult.
Zeke only repeated his demand, "Let! Me! Be!"
A dry, cracking pain then surged up his throat and he had to turn to cough. The drought was choking him and so he pushed Alex away with his strain. As she watched him make dire efforts for air, her psyche was racing.
At last, the question trickled from her lips, "What are you?"
It was enough for him to catch his breath. His coughing faded and he was able to lean back up against the cooling concrete.
"You move faster than they do," she said, unable to keep quiet of it any longer, "You were worried about the sun coming up and said you'd be leaving at dusk. Now… your wounds are completely healed, but you look like you're about to drop dead."
He just sat there gawking at her, half his face covered by the dark of his hair.
"I've been fighting Chimeras nearly half my life, so I've seen enough to know that you're not human," she lastly said, her words stern, "But you don't look like the flesh and blood feeding kind o' guy."
He wanted only to ignore her, but he was wishing the impossible.
"No…" he conceded to correct her, his eyes with a sheen, "…just blood."
His words delved deep. As he again turned his look away, Alex lastly realized exactly what he was.
The ruckus above ground had since ended, though neither had noticed. It meant Zeke could finally leave and he wouldn't let her stop him again. But his sight snapped around to lock his widened stare at Alex's arm, stretched out before him with her sleeve rolled up to the elbow. His brow furrowed with anger.
"What are you doing?" he asked.
"If you don't, you'll be dead by morning, right?"
She indeed spoke the truth, and the pulsing vein of her forearm was tempting him.
"I… could end up killing you," he confessed, but took a gentle hold of her arm.
"I'd rather you didn't," she said quite simply.
Zeke felt the burning heat rushing through him, searing into the pupils of his glistening eyes and sharpening his fangs. But as he brought up her arm, he paused.
"Do not watch," he warned.
Alex veered her head, letting the tendrils of her wavy hair block her peripheral view. She held her breath tight as she felt his grasp tighten and angle her wrist, before he pulled it to his mouth. Then, his fangs bit in quick and his lips latched to her skin to catch the flows. Clenching her fist, Alex didn't dare move. Zeke then loosened his hold of her wrist to run his thumb down into her palm where he started to draw a slow, placid circle. Gradually, she released and started to breathe. She could actually feel the rhythm of his drink through her heartbeats. While massaging her palm to calm her, Zeke only stiffened his clasp of her forearm and he could feel himself rejuvenating with each precious drop of her blood.
But with a gasp, Alex hauled back her arm and covered her wounds as she turned away. Cradling herself at the end of her bed, her pulse was racing beyond control. Her nerves shivered to the core, while her shaken stare was stuck to a shadow on the wall.
"Sorry…" she nearly whispered.
"No…" Zeke said between swallows, feeling a bit strange, "It was enough."
While Alex bandaged her arm, he was regaining his senses. His body was again able to nourish itself. Seeing her lean back, she appeared weakened.
"You're right," he admitted, feeling almost obligated, "I appear human, but am not. My kind has roamed the lands long since before the dawn of man, when the world knew only darkness. Our warrior clans have been at war with an ancient faction of humans for millennia. They created the Chimeras to fulfill only one purpose: to exterminate us. That is why my clan travels the world hunting them down."
Alex was finally able to look at him again. His words were harshly sincere.
"I refuse to watch them slay my people without repercussion."
Her head gave a few tiny nods. Their looks to each other were actually settling.
"That's why we fight," said Alex, "Some call it revenge. I call it justice."
It was Zeke who nodded then.
"I've seen what they're capable of, that they kill anything that moves," Alex went on, "I even know who created them… but I never knew why."
"Most humans are aware of us without even realizing it," said Zeke, "They call us imps… blood-sucking demons…"
"Vampires," she instinctively added.
"Yes…" he said, gritting his jaw.
What Zeke was saying put Alex completely still. She was troubled by how well she understood his reasons. But what he was exactly still tossed about inside her.
"How often do you… I mean, how many…?"
"How many lives have I taken to sustain my own?"
Her nod in response was meek.
"I could never count," he said honestly, "Our constant battles cause us to feed every few weeks or when our bodies must heal. It is not something we do for sport. It is merely survival."
"It's not that different from most other creatures," Alex realized, "Humans kill animals for food all the time."
Her words caused Zeke to pause. He had never thought of it that way.
"We despise humans," he then bleakly told her, "All they've ever done is try to slaughter us."
Now Alex had paused. She was uncertain if what he said should have alarmed her. But then, as he looked back at her, it wasn't malice she saw in the sheen of his dark eyes.
"You are the first human to ever show me kindness," he said before turning his sight to the burning lantern, "Certainly the first to ever willingly offer me their blood."
He saw her check her arm, to where two scarlet spots had soaked into the gauze wrapped around it. She felt a tingle crawl over her skin as she recalled the sensation of him drinking from her.
But a digital chime gave them each a jump, and Alex thankfully grabbed her cell phone from the floor. Discerning the ringtone, she checked her messages to find an urgent text. She quickly called back, but only a panting voice answered.
"Will?" called Alex, "Is that you?"
"You're alive!" he exclaimed, "Thought you were a goner for sure."
"Yeah, right," she said with an eye-roll, "You were wicked worried about me."
"Not really. I tried your door, but the gate was locked. I figured you were good."
"Why are you running?"
"Oh, I just thought I'd loosen up before we take on that flock on the west side. Eddy counted 'bout a dozen Chimeras closing in."
Alex froze in her seat, and still Zeke sat at attention, as if he could smell a battle coming on.
"We're meetin' in ten," Will went on, "Thought our fearless leader might wanna be there."
"You guys could give me more of a heads up, ya' know."
"Well, you're usually all over this stuff."
She tried to resist, but peeked over at Zeke. "I've been busy."
"So, are you comin' or what?"
Her eyes lingered on the lantern as she lightly smiled, "It's gonna be a busy night."
"Damn straight!" Will nearly cheered, "See ya' there."
Hanging up, Alex wasted no time and started getting ready.
"How many are there?" Zeke asked her, and pushed from the bed to get his gear.
"Probably twelve or so."
She could see his energy level had improved, but he still moved slower than normal. Then again, she didn't really have any basis for comparison.
"You all good now?" she asked him.
"Not entirely," he admitted, but he managed to slip on his coat and strap on his sword, "I'm sure my clan will be seeking the same targets this night."
Zeke watched curiously as Alex tied back her hair and fastened a black handkerchief over her face below the eyes. She then pulled up her hood to conceal the rest of her head. In fingerless leather gloves, she gripped her staff with poise. Its dull blade was ready for battle.
The roars were echoing over the rooftops outside. With a glimpse to the sky, they could see the clouds covering the stars. The rain would come soon. Dashing through the alleyways towards the park, Zeke's bounds were far less but of great distance, easily keeping up as Alex pushed her speed to its limit. But at realizing he had stopped, she suddenly skidded to a halt before the figure now in front of her, before total shock set it when she noticed the five others just behind him. Only a foot apart, a man in a trench coat was glaring at her. Then, he grabbed to throw off her hood and pulled the cloth from her face before tackling her hard to the concrete wall, forcing her staff to drop and bounce on the pavement.
"How dare you!" he screamed at her, his hands latched fiercely around her neck, picking her right up off her feet. "We have been looking for him everywhere!"
Zeke remained calm, "Stop this."
But his comrade continued to choke and Alex fought and flailed for a breath.
"Enough!" hollered Zeke.
The glaring man let out huff, and Alex was released, dropping her to her knees anxious for air.
Another fighter addressed Zeke, "Chimeras are converging down river…"
"I know," he cut them short, briefly eyeing the recovering girl, "Let's go."
Without further discussion, they all turned to head down the alley. Alex watched Zeke's boots marching in follow, crossing just in front of her. But as his clan began to leap and vanish from sight, an odd urge made him stop.
"I still don't understand why you helped me. But…" he spoke softly, as such words had never been uttered to a human before, "Thank you."
When Alex looked up, he was gone. Now alone in that dark alley, a cooling rain began to fall on her.
The storm was in full effect by the time Alex reached the park and her team. Toting tattered garbs and weapons, all wore some sort of mask to shield their identity, while their ages were youthfully ranged. All together again, their numbers had increased.
"Good to see ya' feelin' better, Noah," Alex said to their returning member.
"I second that! You missed a hell of a night," hailed a teenage boy, the same voice from her phone. He then looked to Alex, "So what the hell happened to you?"
"Just felt like a swim," she shrugged, and he waved off her excuse. But she knew it was time for business. "You got a route for me, Will?" she asked him.
"Eight are headin' in from the west, five more from the south along the old tram."
Alex had her brain cranking, though she found it hard to forget the past twenty-four hours.
"Okay," she finally said, "We hit the tram first and then cut off the rest."
Without argument, Will stepped up to put the end of his bladed staff to the center of their huddle. Alex did the same and the rest rightly followed.
"Stay strong. Stay sharp," her words willed to induce confidence, "And show no mercy."
* * *
Galloping fiercely down the train tracks, a handful of Chimeras hunted fervently, their speed stringing saliva from their fangs. As they turned the bend to take the next crossing street, shouts charged at their flank and a whirlwind of machetes fired into the sides of two beasts. More blades quickly hacked away while the next three of the gang brought a frontal attack, goring into another pair of foes with their rustic spears. Finally, Alex and Will hailed up from behind with matching staffs to dice up the last Chimera. The two of them in battle together was more like a dance they'd been performing for years, every strike flowing with ease unto the next.
Blocks away, a few monsters had finally arrived to the East Side, sniffing eagerly for a meal. Mere blurs whisked over the roofs above, stalling them in wonder of the new scent. Then, a long katana sheered an echo through the vacant neighborhood, spewing blood from one beast's torso as its top half slid away. The rest had been completely surrounded by shadows in trench coats, their various blades gleaming proudly under the dim streetlamps.
The last four Chimeras were stalking the perimeter of the vacant district, some chasing rats down the alleys. When a summoning howl broke past the rain, they each stopped to return the calls and started running towards them. Just then, one of Alex's gang sped in out of nowhere and sliced off the trailing one's leg just before a teammate rushed in to finish it off. The rest of the beasts took off, with two turning down a narrow passage as the last one ran away. Still on the hunt, the gang split up as well.
Alex chased down the stray with Will and Noah trailing her. Tracking its turn onto the next street, the three quickly stopped to see a figure soar in and carve a pair of gladius swords straight down through the fiend's burly body. It tumbled in pieces to the pavement as the victor landed light-footed to the pooling blood. His glare then steered straight at the masked fighters. Alex went stiff, as she was staring at the man who had just tried to strangle her. Her comrades started to raise their weapons, but her simple gesture put them still. All of them only of resolve, the glaring man clenched the hilts of his swords with a grunt, before he launched from the ground to leap up over the rooftops to get away from them.
"They were on the bridge last night," Will lastly said, "Who are they?"
"And how the hell did he just jump that high?" asked Noah, his voice rising in octaves with the shock of it all.
"Don't worry about them," said Alex, "Just stay out of their way."
"Didn't someone say that one of 'em pushed you into a stream?" said Noah.
"And took a nasty hit for her in the process," added Will, "It didn't look good."
They both looked to their leader, waiting for her to fill them in.
"Let's go," was all she said and the boys had no choice but to follow her order.
Amidst the labyrinth of alleyways, welded steel weapons had painted yet another passage in deep red, the rain running it off in swirls as another Chimera was taken down by the masked human fighters. Their last target far ahead and getting away, they had no intention of giving up. But they were put to a halt when blurs dashed across their path, and the beast was severed clean through at the legs and head. Four warriors in hooded trench coats stood before them, all were staring portentously. Just then, a swift gust dropped from the sky and those glaring eyes were now between them. Not a muscle was moved. But he had to glare over their heads when that woman from before appeared at the end of the alley. Her stare instantly met his.
"Fall back!" Alex called out to her squad.
Gradually, they began to comply. But the man's glare only heated with anger. When he began to lower his stance, Alex was sharp to catch sight of it and drew her staff out in front of her. But another squall of the damp air froze them both. Zeke was calmly standing before his comrade, holding a subtle and casual hand up to stop him. The members of the masked gang gawked helplessly at the scene.
"I said fall back!" Alex again ordered.
At last yielding, the seven members regrouped. As they started heading out, Alex lingered her sights on Zeke as he deferred the conflict between them all.
He was listening carefully to their steps on the wet pavement fading away, turning his head enough for a sly look back. And she too was gone.

Chapter Three

AS THE SUN DAWNED brightly over the unsuspecting city, Alex left her house that morning still plagued by heavy thoughts. Hopping on her bicycle, they followed her on her ride downtown. After sneaking into the public gymnasium to shower and change, she was ready for some distraction at the nearby community shelter. In the children's playroom, she joined an elderly woman to help with the kids, reading them books and playing games. In exchange for the few hours she spent there, she scored a free lunch and the cook gave her a bag of day-old muffins as she left. She then peddled to a homeless commune under the freeway. A few late in their years greeted her warmly as she passed out the muffins. Graciously receiving their thanks, her next task took her to a small deli. She rode her deliveries all over the city and worked out the rest of the day, getting her pay in cash.
As she was leaving her last job, she got a text on her phone. It was the message she had been waiting for. She peddled her bike faster, weaving around rush hour traffic and cutting through alleyways until she reached the pier, where the murky river widened. A few workers were loading trucks while a small freight ship pulled away from the dock. Beyond the stacks of wooden pallets and empty, rusted oil drums, Alex glided her bike to a back corner warehouse and carried it inside with her.
"Alex!" a middle-aged man called, waving to her from the loft.
She scaled the grated steps in the makeshift house of metal and found a couple of her comrades relaxing in the living quarters. The limited space above the otherwise unused structure bore most of the proper accommodations, along with an elaborate setup of computer towers, monitors and mounds of papers filled with data littered about a long desk.
"Sup, Boss?" Will said from one of the frayed sofas, and her hand casually answered the outreach of his, "We got some new goodies."
Alex mirrored his beaming smile.
"Hey Alex," said the other teen boy.
Neither of them could really be considered men, even despite what they'd been through.
"Eddy…" she greeted, and saw the two were caught up in a war-time video game on the pawnshop television.
She headed over to the elder man. In the back, the monitors were spread out with road maps and digital stills of an ordinary office building amid a massive parking lot.
"What's all this?" she asked, leaning over his shoulder.
"Our next target," he told her, showing her a few different screens, "Little Eddy over there hacked into a government feed to get these thermal satellite images. It's pretty apparent there's some heavy activity in the lower end districts of the city. They've only been in place maybe a few days, but more Chimeras will be arriving next week."
"How'd you figure that?"
"An unnamed brokerage company just put up this office facility in record time, already fully staffed and funded by an anonymous third-party. We haven't been able to pull much for records on them, but they've contracted a local distributor to bring in some rather large containers, scheduled for next week."
"They certainly fit the profile. When do we leave?"
"Two days," he said, and fished out a large file to hand to her, "Study up."
Alex was thwarted by the load of homework he had just dumped on her. The folder was crammed with layouts of the city and details of the upcoming mission. It all caused an ache to the small wounds on her arm, since concealed by her long sleeves.
"Now show her the fun stuff, before her head explodes," Will called from the couch, though most of his attention was still absorbed by his video game.
"Yes!" the man suddenly remembered, and pulled Alex over to the table, "They're probably only second or third string, but I'm sure you'll find a use for them."
She trailed his limping stroll to a spread of heavy carrying cases, and he opened them all up. Alex was speechless to the array of weaponry, all of uniquely crafted blades.
"And these are for you," he then said, presenting her with a small container.
Her eyes brightened to see two grenades securely cushioned inside. They guaranteed high-end calibration and were only ever entrusted to her on the battlefield.
"Ya' know, Father Koen," she lastly said, still in awe of the new provisions, "For a man of the cloth, you sure know a hell of a lot about kickin' ass."
"I only wish I knew how to clean up that mouth of yours."
"Well, two months of all this Southern hospitality couldn't break me either," Alex said with a teasing smile.
The priest could only shake his head lightly as he locked up the small case and slipped it into her knapsack. As she made her way across the loft, she again noted Will and Eddy's loafing.
"Where's everyone else?" she asked, "And have you guys done anything today?"
"Gwen and June got the grocery list," said Eddy, "Rick and Noah are at the laundry mat."
He and Will then leaned their views around her to see the television. Alex just rolled her eyes with a sigh.
"Chill out, Boss," said Will, giving her a big smile, "You know we'll be ready."
"I don't have time to chill out," she retorted, and started down the stairs, "And you better be ready. We're taking out the nest tonight."
With that, Alex biked back to her feeble house in that depressing neighborhood just as the day sank to dim twilight over the sky. After changing her clothes, she knelt to the floor to braid back her hair. It was a meticulous rhythm, weaving the long strands tightly down to the ends, then wrapping and twisting the tie to secure it. Once finished, she paused a moment for a long, deep breath. Then, she strapped on a light utility vest with two curved metal clips on the back and pulled up the hood of her sweatshirt. Once her staff was secured to the rear rungs of her vest, she was on her way to the park.
As she got closer, she could hear the soft song of a harmonica. Her head shook lightly at it. She found her team perched about the old, metal jungle gym, while Will played them a quiet song. She was at least pleased to see they were early.
"I told you not to bring that thing on missions," she said as she joined them all.
Dropping out a huff, Will tucked his harmonica into the front pocket of his utility vest and jumped down as everyone gathered in a circle with Alex.
"Father Koen should've already filled you all in for tonight," their leader began, "So if there aren't any questions, I suggest we get moving."
They paused to savor the silence that followed when a few distant howls called the start of the night ahead. Their postures then straightened with firm grips to their weapons, which were all met in the center of their huddle.
"Stay strong. Stay sharp," she gave her habitual order, "And show no mercy."
Their mission took them to a nearly deserted neighboring district, down into the abandoned water mains. They covertly followed the tunnels with their precise plan mentally mapped out. With their steps of stealth, they crept to the final branching passage and their leader gave it a peek. Chimeras were roaming the main duct, but their primary target was the maintenance room at the other end. Alex then gave the signal and her team charged. As they each met with fray, she trailed them all with her staff in one hand and the other rested to a pocket on her vest. She dashed through the battle without even a look, and the opening was in sight. Dozens of monsters were loitering inside. Twirling her staff to secure it to the clips on her back, she reached into her front pocket.
"Fire in the hole!" she screamed, and her teeth pulled the pins of her grenades.
Hurling them into the infested room, she and her gang quickly turned and retreated. They were speeding back through the water mains as a few Chimeras chased them, and everything suddenly lurched and shook with the violent roar of a massive explosion. It triggered pulses to pound and paces to push faster. Once the concrete resettled, a few vagrant beasts recouped enough sense to tear out after their attackers.
As Rick and Gwen turned to cover their teammates, Alex led the rest of her gang along their escape route, knowing it would spill them out near the banks of the stream. But before reaching the small staircase leading out, a pair of monsters rushed in from another duct to block their path. With Alex and Will side-by-side, they aimed their bladed staffs and stormed ahead. Their dull blades cut down the first one with sure skill, but the other lurched to scamper up the stairs. Her steps nimble, Alex quickly ran after it, fueled for the hunt.
Pounding its broad paws to the grass of the knoll just outside, the Chimera was no longer trying to flee, and was now charging towards a shrouded figure just beyond the tree line. Drawing a pair of gladius swords, his glaring eyes just narrowed back at it without fear. With the speed of his spin unseen, his blades severed out to cut it down in an instant. But stampeding feet were still hurtling his way and he saw the woman from the night before coming straight at him. He reaffirmed the holds of his swords and almost faltered at seeing the ire of her eyes.
"Get down!" her shriek startled him and she made a desperate leap.
Lighting the grace of her step to his shoulder, she pushed off to launch over him and reeled out her staff in a stretching swing. The blood of the final beast soaked into the soil as she landed to the forest floor. With her comrades now running up from the tunnels, she turned around out of breath only to find the man with the glaring eyes was gone. Only the triumphant members of her gang were left standing under the moonlight.
Together, with clothes and weapons soaked in red, they hiked through the shadowed woods to follow the stream. Reaching the trail up the steep bank, they ascended to the streets and marched back into the city of Jackson. Once they stepped to the sidewalk of the intersection, the group again huddled around their leader. Her face was as blank as theirs, but her eyes were lost to the cracks of the pavement. She could feel a searing heat on her back, like a focused stare stabbing at her spine.
"Good work, everyone," she said solemnly, before crossing the circle to start heading home.
Tired and humble, the rest of her gang could only do the same.
Walking alone, Alex felt that heat lingering and following her from a distance. But she refused to look back. Beyond the trashcan fires and old factory ruins, she strolled down the slender alleys past the odd silver rod atop the street poll, to the broken road leading to her house. Crossing the street, she finally felt forced to stop on the crown in the asphalt. She spun and stalled to find Zeke just yards away, his stance solid. Their stares were hooked.
"You found the nest before we did," he said, his tone unexpressive as a sheen passed over his eyes.
He made a few strides towards her, carefully gauging his pace with his thoughts.
"My people have been in this war for far too long," he went on, "I must ask that you tell me everything you know about the Chimeras."
It was late, but dawn wouldn't come for another few hours. Alex pulled off the hood of her sweatshirt.
"C'mon in," she said with a wave, and they walked to her house together.
Down into the cellar, they entered the fallout shelter and Alex locked them in. Zeke watched blankly as she dug into her knapsack and brought out a large, stitched leather binder. But she stopped to look at him.
"Take off your coat," she said.
Confused yet curious, he complied and she traded him the binder for it.
"Have a seat," she motioned to the bed.
As he did, he found all the linens had been changed and now carried a floral scent. As he began to peruse the documents, he only briefly spied her removing her gear. Once she kicked off her boots, she made a seat next to his. She then rummaged out a sewing kit and got to work on the long tear down the back of his trench coat.
"That first section is all about Odin," Alex said with barely a glance his way.
"Odin…" Zeke rasped, "That is the ancient faction vowed to see my people exterminated."
"They're also the corporation responsible for funding the Chimera project," Alex went on, "Ownership of the company is divided between of small group of wealthy shareholders from all over the world. There should be a list in there somewhere. There're five members in all that we know of."
Zeke felt his hands go cold as he turned the pages and he was drawn deep into the data. Every word was invaluable.
"Who is this?" he asked, pointing to a picture of an aged man with thinning hair.
Alex peeked over, then cringed and went back to stitching his coat. "Dr. Cray," she said, "head shareholder of Odin and the maniacal genius behind Chimera creation. He mysteriously disappeared a few years ago."
"We have seen these." Zeke was tapping on an image of a small silver rod, just like the one bolted to a street pole not far from Alex's house. "Their locations are consistent with Chimera infestations."
"They're fencing rods," said Alex, "Odin uses them to keep them confined to certain areas, usually Shit Creek neighborhoods like this one."
Zeke continued to thumb through the heavy files and looked again to see what Alex was doing. She maneuvered the needle and thick thread with ease, thoroughly mending the rip in the heavy fabric. He didn't ask her reason for it.
"My clan felt that explosion," he said, "I was not aware you had access to that level of arsenal."
"Jealous?" she teased with a light grin. But she shrugged, "We just have good connections. We usually don't have much money, but we get by well enough."
"You said that you've been fighting for half your life," he recalled, "By human standards, you must have been quite young when you started."
"Yeah…" she said, and her tone quieted, "It's kind of a long story."
Zeke saw how his comment slowed her movements. But her sewing continued, so he returned to lose himself in the pages again.
Once Alex tied off her thick, crisscrossed stitching, she kindly folded up his coat to place between them. She didn't really mind that he didn't thank her. She just yawned, again and again as she put her things away, then more as her fingers combed out the long braid of her hair. Reclining to the cool stone of the wall, she meant to shut her eyes for a few moments to relax. But she was unable to catch herself as she drifted off to sleep. After so many nights spent in battle, they sometimes managed to take their toll on her.
Zeke had paused to watch her in slumber, feeling a pulse inside him slow and deepen. But he just went back to his reading. He absorbed fathoms of new information. There was so much to get through and he tried to do it quickly, but he'd only gotten to about half of it when he noticed the time was nearing dawn.
Hearing the zipper of the leather binder being closed, Alex woke to see Zeke place it atop the wooden crate across the room.
"I was unable to finish," he told her, "But I'd like to read more another time."
"We're headin' out soon," she told him, her words tired as she sat up to stretch, "New sightings."
"I will find you before then," he said, and simply left her to her tiny room.
He was already up the cellar stairs when Alex halfheartedly waved goodbye.
Zeke's strides carried him sturdily from the old house and down the crippled front walkway. Then, with a slight bend of his legs, he leapt from the ground to an impossible height and made bounds over the city to its distant outskirts. Soon, he reached an old barn on a parcel of unused land, and he made it down the trap door to a bootleg cellar just before the sun came up. The rest of his clan was anxiously awaiting his return.
"Where were you?" asked his comrade, his eyes always with a glare.
"A walk," he said, moving by him to head into the shelter.
"For what reason…?"
"Bade…!" Zeke lastly scolded, steering his stare at his.
A sour moment took rest between them, until Bade finally remembered his place and succumbed to silence. As Zeke found a dark corner to relax, the others also hunkered down. They all knew the daylight hours would be spent in that hole. Bade, however, held only suspicion for his valiant leader, and more so for the new stitching down the back of his coat.
* * *
Under the warmth of the sun, Alex biked all over the city, tying up all her loose ends. She found the children were the hardest to say goodbye to. Though she was careful not to get too attached, they unfortunately did not do the same. The cook was no different and he gave her a sturdy hug, as well as an extra bag of baked goods to see her off. She was more than happy to give them all to the folks living under the bridge. One of them actually cried when they heard she was leaving. Off to the deli, there was only a light load of deliveries. But the owner gave her a generous bonus and wished her good luck. Even biking through the heavy traffic hinted of nostalgia. By the time she got everything finished, it was already near dark, and she still had one more stop to make.
"Well, it's about time," Father Koen called as she entered the warehouse.
"Just tell me the city is clear," she practically begged.
"Eddy brought up all new thermals," he said, holding up a handful of printed images as she climbed the stairs, "I am pleased to announce that Jackson, Mississippi is now Chimera free."
Alex was relieved as she inspected the photos, "Thank God."
The elder man angled his brow, "I thought you didn't…"
"It's just a figure of speech, Father," she was quick to correct.
Father Koen let out a laugh, "We'll debate another time then."
"So," Alex looked around at the packed boxes in the nearly empty loft, "When do we leave?"
"It's a thousand mile drive. I'd like to be on the road by early morning."
"Sounds good," she agreed, but then let out a heavy sigh.
When her eyes crossed with Father Koen's, his weathered face held a simple smile.
"How are you doing, Alex?" he asked just as plainly.
She was stalled, feeling it had been years since he last asked such a thing. She briefly grinned, but her sight timidly strayed.
"I'm alright," she told him, keeping her thoughts of recent events at bay, "Just… ready to move on."
"Good," Father Koen gave her a light pat on the head, "Go get some rest."
Alex just forced a smile to her face and gave him a nod before she headed back downstairs.
As Father Koen watched her leave, he felt a bit empty. He didn't believe her.
With night now cast full over the sky, Alex rode her bike quickly. Though the satellite images had shown the city was clear of Chimeras, she knew she could never be too careful. Beyond the poverty district, she was just in front of the ruins of the factory when she stopped. She must have missed it in her haste. That same heat on her back had been with her since sunset. Getting off her bike, she decided that she'd had enough.
"That's kinda creepy, ya' know," her call echoed off the empty buildings, "Followin' me around like that."
She listened closely and heard a subtle whip of air, followed by footsteps up behind her. She only waited as they stopped next to her and Zeke joined the silent walk back to her house.
Down into the shelter, the lantern was lit and Alex again gave Zeke the leather binder. Still not having said a word, he sat down to pick up where he'd left off. Alex just held back her brimming remarks. She decided she had her own studying to do, so she got out the heavy file Father Koen had given her. Both were soon submerged in their reading.
"What are these handwritten documents?" Zeke finally said, seeing their dates stretching back over the past decade.
Alex didn't even need to look.
"A few pages from my journal," she told him, ignoring the memories they tried to roil up, "Training, our missions, what we've seen, people we've met…"
"You were twelve years old when you made the first entry," he said blankly, "What reason could a mere child have to fight Odin?"
She didn't respond. Zeke looked over to see her only turn the page of the files in her lap. He spotted a pamphlet and map of St. Paul, Minnesota.
"Chimeras killed my family," she then said, her tone oddly cool, "Same as Will and everyone else on my team. We could either runaway or do something about it."
Zeke stared blankly back at her. He didn't know enough about humans to even begin to understand. He just went back to the journal entries. He calculated her kills, her many travels throughout the country and how her team gradually came together.
"I was wondering," said Alex, fidgeting in her seat, "What myths are really true?"
Zeke's look back at her remained vacant. He didn't understand the question.
"Garlic, holy water, immortality," Alex tried to explain, "The whole Hollywood cliché of the vampire…"
"Don't…!" Zeke suddenly snapped, startling her. He felt a sudden echo of a heartbeat, so he tried to calm his clenching jaw. "That term is offensive and disrespectful, and is only meant to tarnish the honor of my people. We do not refer to ourselves as anything other than the First."
Alex had to force her next breath as she sank with guilt. "I'm sorry. I didn't know."
"Nearly all of what you humans say of us is untrue," he found himself telling her, his tone now tame, "Made up by the ancients to ensure all of mankind would fear us. Aside from that, I do not know what garlic is, it is physically impossible for water to contain holes, and our life expectancy is roughly one thousand years."
As his sight returned to peruse the papers before him, Alex had relaxed enough to leak out half a smile. Then, she realized.
"A thousand years…?" she could barely utter, "And how many of those have you been fighting Odin? If ya' don't mind me askin'…"
"All my life," he said, unsure of the need for such useless facts, "After two centuries of elite training, I have led my clan against Odin forces for the most part of one hundred years. Battles in your cities only began with the coming of the Chimera."
Alex could feel the whole world shrinking down around her. Up until a few days before, she didn't know anyone aside from her crew and a few confidants of Father Koen's that fought Chimeras. She again reverted to her studies as he had.
It wasn't too much later that Zeke gently flipped over the last page and noticed the back side of a photograph tucked into an inside flap. With Alex too involved with her reading to notice, he slipped it out to see. Two little girls in frilly pastel dresses were posed before a tall garden fountain. Their hair was in curls and their meek smiles were in harmony.
"Who are they?"
Alex turned to find the picture held up right in front of her face and she froze. Her eyes peered over its top at Zeke, before she stole it from his clasp and stuck it back into the binder.
"They're dead," she curtly said, taking the massive binder away from him as she asked, "You done with this?"
She had stood to cross the small room to her backpack and stuffed both files inside before Zeke realized the sight of the photo had vexed something in her.
"My comrades and I started our training at infancy," Zeke let himself tell her as he rose from his seat, "Our families were obligated to give us up to the warrior clans to fight against Odin. It is up to the clans to stop them… to protect all First."
Her hands in her pockets, Alex saw him watching the light of the oil lamp.
"We're leaving for St. Paul in the morning," she said, "Odin's in pretty deep up there."
Her next thought made her hesitant, but she knew she had to say something.
"We both have our reasons for what we do. And if we both want to stop Odin, then maybe… we should find a way for our teams to work together."
"I told you," said Zeke, "We despise humans."
Alex couldn't help a few laughs, "Then what the hell are you doin' here?"
His head shook slowly. Only doubt lined his thoughts.
"This is as far as our alliance may go," he said, and looked right at her, "Our hatred for mankind is far too strong to sever."
Alex had to look away. Her frustration was nearly unruly, but she quickly defeated it as Zeke went to open the heavy iron hatch to leave.
"You really believe that?" she finally asked.
Zeke was halted there, his shadow playing in the firelight on the wall.
"Perhaps…" his solid tone actually wavered, "…our paths may cross again."
And with that, he left.
The final echo of the metal hatch as it closed pounded against the walls of that tiny room. If what he said was true, Alex wasn't so sure she wanted their paths to cross again.

Chapter Four

THE NEXT MORNING CAME early and with the sweetened smell of dew, a scent since missing from the city for weeks. With everything packed, Alex stepped from her shabby house with her heavy knapsack and pushed her bicycle along the splintered walkway without looking back. The old van was parked and waiting, so she abandoned her bike against the ratty fence and hopped into the passenger seat for Father Koen to begin the long journey. With the team chattering on in the backseats, Alex was content to enjoy the passing scenery.
"What's the plan for St. Paul, Boss?" asked Will.
The whole van went quiet.
"You guys will be living at an abandoned church outside the city," said Alex, "I'll set up a safe house downtown in some crap apartment."
"Have we connected the office facility with Odin yet?" asked Gwen, her bubbly voice offsetting the topic.
"I'm gonna get a job with the building's cleaning company. That'll give me moderate security access. The rest of you will get what you can out of the locals. We should also get in some training, especially with our new equipment."
"An' what about them trench coats?" said Will, "Who were they?"
Alex felt all their eyes stabbing into her, even Father Koen's.
"Nobody," she told them, and turned her sights back out the window, "Forget about 'em."
And not another word was said of it. For sixteen hours Alex and Father Koen rotated shifts to keep the van rolling, while their entertainment came from the rear seats. With Will on his harmonica, Eddy jockeyed drum beats from his laptop and June's angelic voice joined in harmoniously. At times, Father Koen and his guitar led them all in a few timeless tunes. He favored the blues with Clapton, added a taste of the psychedelics with Hendrix, and faithfully followed with a rock-n-roll tribute to The King. As they all sang along, Alex was glad to have more than just the war to keep them united.
With the thick of dusk rolling over the sky, they finally neared St. Paul and followed a dusty road off into the woods. It led to a field, where a small church sat forgotten near the back corner. The only sign of life was the handful of tiny blue flowers near the broken steps up to the archway doors. The gang stretched out their stiff limbs and gathered some of their things to trail Father Koen into the holy relic.
Passing filthy pews, they slipped through a narrow passage behind the once grandiose altar and the priest pulled a switch to trigger a hidden door. Down a coiling staircase, he hauled open a heavy steel hatch, through which the youthful team entered with awe. Though it was several decades old, the nuclear fallout shelter served to be the perfect hideout. The large front room hosted a large living area, as well as a kitchenette. There was a full washroom, and the three bedrooms were already fitted with bunks and shelving. Best of all, it was completely impenetrable.
"This is great!" said Will, and the team quickly claimed sleeping quarters.
"One of these days," Alex lightly smiled at Father Koen, "You're gonna have to tell me about these contacts of yours."
As she expected, he answered with only a smirk, and he headed back upstairs for more of their belongings. Defeated by his vow of silence, Alex strolled leisurely down the slim corridor only to find her gang arguing over where they'd be sleeping. Standing just inside the room with Will, the two watched the ridiculous dispute heat up.
"Okay, shut up!" Alex finally yelled, halting them all with her order, "All of you: drop your crap and go help Father Koen. I'll assign beds later."
A few grumbles followed, but the five subordinates did as they were told. Alex took a draw of the musty cellar air for a sigh and tossed her pack to one of the bunks.
"Are you alright?" Will bid softly, causing her to go still, "It's almost like you were sad to leave that place or something."
Alex turned with a teasing grin, "You kiddin'?"
As she headed out to help the gang get settled, her sincerity was convincing enough for Will to join her, and the subject was dropped.
* * *
Perched to the rim of a rooftop in that lowly district of Jackson, Mississippi, the spring air still vacant of any roars, a shrouded figure was staring down at the disheveled house on the broken street. Zeke knew it was now as lifeless as the neighborhood around it. In a flash of his steps, he leapt stealthily over the buildings and landed lightly to meet his clan atop a quiet hill.
"We're leaving," he gave his order, "Start heading north."
Without a word, his clan vanished to begin their great bounds over the lands. But one member lingered behind, his eyes glaring.
"Is that where she went?" Bade snidely asked, and his leader peered over with a furrowed brow, "I followed you last night."
If it had been anyone else, Zeke would've been surprised. And though irritated, he only turned his view to the path ahead.
"We share the same fight."
"She is human!"
Zeke remained calm, "She is different."
"All are the same!" Bade protested, "All want us dead!"
"Then why did she help me?" Zeke finally retorted. He felt his anger swelling within his stare, "Why, when she knew exactly what I was, did she offer me her blood to save my life?"
Zeke's look back held a gleam and Bade could say nothing in counter.
"She knows more about Chimeras than all of us combined," Zeke calmed to go on, pulling up the hood of his trench coat, "I know we can never fight as one, but we must do anything we can to win this war. Our fate depends on it."
Zeke then launched from the hill to vanish over the trees.
Though Bade was still brimming with arguments, his loyalty only cued him to follow.
* * *
The sun was warm overhead, while sharp cracks of wood cut through the forest surrounding the old church. The young gang was in watch of a sparring contest, a match-up of their two best fighters displaying incredible speed and skill. Their footwork was as flawless as their unopposed focus. Alex and Will had been battling for nearly twenty minutes, but the crowd never tired of such a show. Father Koen was especially proud.
"Who's goin' tonight?" asked Eddy, habitually tapping his knees like a drum.
"The leads will do a thorough scout of the areas you marked," said the priest, and looked to the rest of young fighters, "Everyone else will be discussing literature with me."
"Could we discuss the concept of school vacation?" sassed Noah.
"Sure," said Father Koen, "So long as Robert Frost brings it up."
"You guys are missin' it," interrupted Rick. He was newest to the crew, but a few years older than Alex.
Just then, Will had finally started to slow and a wave of fatigue was about to surf. In a feat of desperation, he hurled out a wide swing of his staff and Alex promptly stretched and arched back from his strike. Whirling her own staff around behind her as he followed through, she popped up to shove the might of her weapon across his back to throw him face-first to the ground, before stalling the end of her dowel sternly at his neck. The whole team then erupted in cheer and applause. Alex backed off and offered Will a hand to help him back to his feet. She could see how disappointed he was.
"You did great, Will," she gladly praised, but he only appeased her with a brief grin before heading over to the bench.
Alex had seen how much he had improved. He was the only one she could ever be fairly matched against, but she always won in the end. Losing every challenge to her was affecting him more and more as he got older, probably because he had been bigger than her for the past two years. She knew as well as he did that losing was never easy to deal with. But no matter what, his mind and body was always prepared for the next mission. He knew what was most important.
Even that night, as they sprinted under the starless sky, Will was as motivated as the other three of their scouting crew. Grouped with Alex, Eddy and Gwen, the squad revised their maps for detailed layouts of the infected neighborhoods. But they were wise to stay clear of any Chimeras. When a few roars were heard just one block over, Alex swiftly led them up an iron fire escape to a rooftop. They had gone out fully armed, but she wouldn't risk a battle with only half of her team.
Safe on the roof, Eddy set up his laptop to double-check the satellite images he had stolen, while Will scanned the dire neighborhood with a night-vision scope. He spotted a small league of Chimeras and tried to track them from a distance.
"The thermals show a lot of activity about five blocks west of here," said Eddy, pointing in the direction Will was already inspecting.
"It's probably a nest," said Alex, "What's the perimeter of the fencing rods?"
"Total covered area is five square miles."
"Which means there's more than one nest," added Gwen, her tone as cheery as usual, "Right?"
"Most likely," said Alex, skimming the view all around them, "And according to the usual Odin statistics, they've dumped over a hundred Chimeras in this city."
She checked over her maps again, tracing the different shortcuts she had drawn out. There were numerous road construction projects throughout the area, which were increasingly popular in the warmer months.
"Let's head back," she ordered, "We'll roll the whole team out tomorrow night."
Her squad complied and started down the ladder of the fire escape. But she stopped just before. It was faint and she almost missed it, but she thought she heard a few subtle whips on the cool breeze. She spun around and looked out over the buildings. There, she caught but a glimpse of a shadow soaring over the rooftop before it vanished behind the city skyline.
"Are you coming?" Will called up.
Alex hid her small grin, and then turned to follow her gang back to base.
* * *
Father Koen left the church at first light and Alex was gone soon after, leaving Will in charge of the team. His duties included meeting any who lived or worked on the streets throughout the city, noting any peculiar gossip and recording witness accounts. He split the group to cover more ground, certain his leader would've done the same.
Meanwhile, Alex got acquainted with her new job at the suspected office facility. She had been given an access badge and a housekeeping uniform, though she cursed the bland button-down dress. She built friendships with the security personnel and flirted with various executives. She found it all rather sickening. When her first day finished that early evening, she called Father Koen on her cell as she crossed the parking lot.
"Just checking in," she told him, "You got my new place set up yet?"
"I'm sending you the address right now. Your things are already there."
"Bonus," she said, "Tell the team to meet up by the parking garage at dusk."
"I'll give Will the extra firepower," said Father Koen, "Be careful."
Alex hated when he got too serious. She felt his worry only hindered their cause.
When she hung up, she was in the thick of downtown St. Paul and she strolled along quite casually. After a quick stop at a small deli, she carried her bit of groceries into a disreputable tenement within a shady neighborhood. Up to the fifth floor, she entered her new two room apartment. The kitchen and bathroom were tiny, while the plaster of the walls looked to crumble apart at any moment. Relaxing atop the pithy mattress Father Koen had scrounged up, she ate a meager meal and started gearing up.
She tried to count how many times she and her team had moved, or how many disgusting places she had lived in just to survive another day to fight. As she braided her hair back out of the way, she remembered when Gwen used to do it for her, before Father Koen succumbed to her safe house idea. Taking the powder-coated steel of her new staff in hand, she tested its new retractable blade as she pictured the silhouette of a man in a flailing trench coat. She couldn't forget the distinct sound of the wind the night before. It fed the vigor of her march out the door.
* * *
Tearing their strides down the bleak, forgotten streets of the city, the urban gang was in two teams. Alex had put one in Will's charge, while she led hers with a silenced high-powered rifle. Though Will had begged, she and the priest had decided he was still too young to wield more than a blade. Nonetheless, he led a headstrong squad into battle. They knew the beasts were favoring a region around a massive hole dug into a dead end street, the same nest they had found on their scouting mission. Crossing the perimeter of the fencing rods, they finally met with a few obstacles and monstrous roars sheared the sultry sky. When the teams ran into the open roadway, a swarm of beasts answered the ominous calls.
"Fan out and take 'em down!" Alex ordered.
Cocking her gun, she fired a few rounds, blowing off whole limbs for the others to attack with their blades and spears. As they started to whittle down the numbers, Alex got closer to the enlarged manhole from which the monsters were emerging. At her only chance, she tossed down a cylindrical grenade and the team scattered in an instant. The ground suddenly quaked from a fiery blast and stretching flames spewed from the neighboring sewer holes. Rancid screams of burning Chimeras pierced their ears as they fled. The nest had been decimated.
The following day, the news was overrun with stories of a mysterious explosion in an outer district of St. Paul. Reporters said city officials were blaming it on a gas leak. Alex couldn't help but think of the reports as she cleaned the offices at the glass building, but she had to find her focus. After some light prying of her co-workers, she carefully picked out her victim.
She played her innocent smiles on an unhappily married, middle-aged, slightly balding and rather unattractive senior executive. During his long lunch, she dabbled on his computer a bit to check a few different files. She found a shipping memo lost inside. The triple-thorn logo of Odin was plastered in the letterhead. She could hardly help her smile the rest of the day.
With all the media coverage on the infested district, Father Koen wouldn't give the final order to release the team, and Alex and Will had to agree with him. They couldn't risk being exposed. It was imperative their enemy knew nothing about who they were. So they took the time to relax. But their holiday was extended into the next day, when all of them were ordered to have as much fun as possible.
Dressed in plain jeans and t-shirts rather than camouflage and tactical gear, the whole gang took in the grand sights of St. Paul: the capital building, the gorgeous cathedral, and the home of F. Scott Fitzgerald, to name a few. As it neared dinner time, droves of food were brought back to their church hideaway. With sunset smearing reds and purples to the wisps of low clouds, Father Koen was outside with a hibachi, grilling meats and vegetables. The girls had made a fire pit out back and brought out some of the old pews to place around it. After their hearty meals, they gathered by the campfire to roast their desserts and savor in the delights of their more musical teammates.
The late-night moon was full and bright overhead, watching over them as they played and laughed. But even as Will summoned smooth notes from his harmonica, he caught sight of the daze in Alex's drifting stare. When she stood to leave their circle, she just mumbled that she was taking a walk. Her team was a bit confused, but unconcerned with the hour well past midnight, or even that she took no weapon with her.
Will, however, was worried. He had seen her down before, but nothing so severe. Whatever was bothering her, she was taking it all on by herself, though that didn't surprise him. There was next to nothing he would ever change about her, but her insistence of solitude sometimes got under his skin. Any of them could go to her with any problem, while she believed the sharing of hers was just a burden.
Finally far enough away for the distance to drown out their sounds, Alex took a casual stroll to the paved road. She had passed the same garden park too many times before, so she was finally taking the freedom to enjoy it. She gradually ambled over to the fountain pond that was left on at all hours and sat to a quaint bench to relax. Her thoughts aimless, her view of the streaming water jets soon started to refocus on a shadow forming just beyond the spray.
With a heartbeat growing stronger inside him, Zeke made his way over and sat at the other end of the bench.
"Hey," Alex casually greeted.
"What have you found out so far?" he asked simply.
Paused a moment, Alex replied, "We took out a nest."
"We've done the same."
"I've been workin' at this office building downtown," she went on, "I'm pretty sure Odin's runnin' it behind the scenes. Don't know much more than that, I'm afraid."
A stark silence ensued and the two of them just watched the fountain. It spun and swayed in performance as a few pale lamps gave a subtle glow. Then, Alex looked to the night sky.
"I love the full moon," she said of the brilliant scenery.
Zeke also steered his eyes above, "Why does it give us these nights of peace?"
"Nature…?" she supposed, peeking at him still gazing above, "How long have you known the people on your team?"
"Bade has fought at my side since we were children," he told her, lingering a moment before he dropped his sight back to the fountain to carry on, "Tess and Fitz joined when the Chimera hunts began. Quin, Lenn and Polk are my newest replacements. Odin used to only use Chimeras as protection. The infestations of the cities have taken a number of my warriors."
"We've never been able to figure out why Odin started releasing them."
A soft spring breeze coiled and snaked around their bench, rattling the leaves of the bountiful trees of that little park.
"Knowing what I am," Zeke lastly asked, "Why do you not fear me?"
Alex tried to think.
"I don't know," she had to shrug, "But you want this war with Odin to end just as much as I do. That's good enough for me."
Just then, Zeke stood and nearly whispered, "You've been followed."
When Alex turned to see, Father Koen was coming up over the small hill. She looked back only to find Zeke had vanished without a sound. She was still baffled by the suddenness when the priest sat next to her. She didn't even need to look to see his worry.
"Will asked me to check on you," he made excuse, at least getting a tiny grin out of her, "He really looks up to you. It worries him when you act so distant. Remember what I taught you: as team leader, what affects you affects them all. Don't forget that."
"I know," she said, "Sorry, Father."
"Is this about those trench coats Will was asking you about?"
Alex started to shake her head, but slowed. "I'm not sure. I guess it's just weird to see others out there fighting… like us."
"Makes the world seem not so big after all, eh?"
"Yeah," she mimicked his small laugh, but she felt her guilt teasing to bring her down.
Alex worked hard to hide it well, knowing Father Koen's intuition was unmatched. When the two got up to make their way back to the church, Alex slipped her arm around his and let her head lean to his shoulder. She could still feel that stabbing heat on her back as they left.
* * *
As dusk fell the following night, the masked gang was huddled just outside the perimeter of the fencing rods.
"They finally pulled out the crews investigating the supposed gas leak," said Eddy, "The latest blogs said a couple of workers on the graveyard shift went missing."
"Then it's time we finished the job," said Alex, and placed her weapon center for the rest to follow suit.
The gang was soon engaged in battle, and Alex felt nothing as she killed. She just went through the motions, trying to avoid the violent sprays of Chimera blood in the process. She believed she concealed her deepened thoughts well. But alas, she could plaster on as wide a smile as she wanted and she knew Will would see right through it. But he said nothing.
Even Alex's co-workers at the office facility noticed she was a bit off. Cleaning the security control room, one of the chubby guards asked if she was feeling well. She quickly perked and smiled with a bubbly apology to tell him she was fine. When the guard went back to work, Alex spied her targeted senior executive on one of the monitors. He was in a restricted wing of the building entering a secured room. Seeing that place with something to hide, Alex felt her tangled thoughts only entwine further.
The moment she punched out that day, Alex felt ready for the night's mission. Again, she split the gang in two, giving Will full reign over half the team. She felt it matured him on the field. They covered a new district where the thermal photographs had shown Chimera activity and they had it cleared in just a matter of hours.
With the mission complete and their diverse weapons leaned to their shoulders in recovery, the youthful crew had just passed the threshold of the fencing rods. That was when they were startled still by echoing roars over the barren buildings. They were miles off, but a few handfuls of beasts were calling on their kin for help.
"Wonder what's got them all stirred up," said Will.
"They're too far away to worry about," said Alex, trying not to pay much mind, "You guys get back to the church. I've got work in the morning, so I'm staying at my place tonight."
Without so much as a goodbye, she took the next intersection to head downtown, leaving Will only baffled by her morose manner. She had made sure not to give him any other choice. He could only tell the team to follow orders and they went back to base.
The washroom of Alex's despicable apartment was quite small. She was quickly running out of places to hang the wet clothes she had just washed of blood. Now at the vanity in a clean cotton t-shirt and shorts, she was still scrubbing the pumice hard on her hands, trying to get off every last trace of her horrific nightlife. She was sure one day she would scour her skin right off.
Suddenly, she froze. She was sure she had heard a noise just outside.
Carefully, Alex peered out of the bathroom and saw someone on her fire escape. Grabbing her steel staff, she left the blade retracted as she tiptoed her bare feet along the front room. She crept along the wall to the pair of tarnished windows and waited as the intruder opened the first one. Then, she lashed out with a rigid blow and it was instantly caught, stunning her still. As a head leaned inside, Zeke looked back at her with insult. Alex nearly dropped to the floor with her relieved sigh.
"I have a door, ya' know," she resisted the tremor of her voice to point out.
"I already knew which window was yours," he said.
Zeke briefly looked around at her pitiful new residence. Her only belongings were her backpack and an old mattress with only a sleeping bag. Alex sat to the edge of her scruffy bed and put her weapon aside. Though hesitant, Zeke also sat, but he retained a proper posture.
"That facility definitely belong to Odin," Alex began telling him before he could ask, "They've been receiving large containers from somewhere outside the state. I know they're Chimeras, I just don't know where they're coming from. There's a restricted level underneath the ground floor, but access will be risky. Will thinks knowing it's there is enough and that I don't need to work there anymore. But I'm too close to stop now."
"Why would your comrade want you to compromise your mission?" asked Zeke.
"He just worries about me."
"But… why?"
"We've been together a long time. I found him running from Chimeras when he was just a little kid." Alex found his sudden interest odd. "He's my best friend."
Zeke lingered on her last word. It was one he'd never used. He then stood tall.
"Would you join me outside?" he asked.
He stepped out onto the fire escape and Alex ignored the brisk wind to follow.
"There are remnants of human dwellings around that water tower at the western end of the lower ward," he gestured over the city masses, and then veered towards a few concrete smoke stacks in the distance, "And an abandoned mill at the eastern end. Those are nests. My clan has plans for the mill tomorrow night."
"Then the other one is as good as gone," said Alex.
"I assumed as much."
A common bout of silence waved over them and they took in the view of the city lights.
Zeke was almost monotone, "You are wounded."
Alex quickly searched and finally noticed a small lesion on her arm.
"The First can follow the scent of blood from miles away," he told her.
"What…" she couldn't believe she was asking, "What does it taste like?"
The sly peek of his eye gauged her timid interest, "It varies. Most are salty, degenerates are bitter."
Feeling the rhythmic pulse keeping beat within him, he stepped up to stand in perfect balance upon the iron railing. Alex was in awe of his poise.
"The rarest blood, the righteous, is sweet," he said, "…like yours."
Alex instantly felt all of time slow, before it nearly ceased.
"Good luck," he then said, and launched from the railing in but a flash.
The air from Alex's lips teetered on a whisper, "You too."
She couldn't move. She didn't know how to take what he had said. But then, she almost smiled. She was honored that his mere sense of taste had labeled her as righteous.

Chapter Five

WHEN THE GANG HEARD about the new lead on a Chimera nest, they were all fired up for the big haul. Stationed along the border of the neighborhood near the old water tower, Eddy scanned the exterior of a large house. The wood siding was littered with deep scratches. Once they were sure all was clear, Alex and Will headed up for the first approach, sneaking with caution to the impressive archway at the property entrance. Alex motioned for the rest of the team to start falling in and they moved up vigilantly. But when the leaders had posted to either side of the front door, they looked at each other with pause. They could tell quite easily that the house was completely empty. Not a growl or snarl was heard from inside.
Then, the air cut from their lungs as a flood of ghastly roars bellowed across the stale sky, of wails like they had never heard. Struck by an instant fear, the gang spun to see every street, alley, corner and cranny waiting with ominous creatures. They were Chimeras, but they were far different from the ones they had been fighting for so long. The team looked to their leader and Alex jumped to charge straight at their enemies.
"Mow through!" she hollered, and she opened fire as droves of beasts attacked.
They were sleeker, faster… smarter even.
Alex fronted their escape with her heavy firepower forging them a path. While Will picked up the rear, the hordes swarmed in fast around them. They fought back hard, but only enough to keep running. A mass then suddenly blew right between them, scattering part of the team. Alex could only press onward, trying to get at least three of her comrades to safety. When her ammunition was exhausted, the blade of her staff defended their escape down the streets and alleyways. The four of them were so desperate to reach the perimeter of the fencing rods that they didn't dare to think of those they were forced to leave behind. It was a code they didn't like, but one they had to follow to keep their cause alive.
Spilling from the narrow passage leading from the confines of the infected district, Gwen and Eddy hustled by as Alex turned to look for Rick. She was shocked to see he was injured and foolishly standing his ground before the coming beast. With a few curses under her breath, Alex rushed back to help him and they struggled to take the fiend down together. When another three charged towards, Alex hauled on Rick to run just as one of them pounced. The slice of flesh and splash of blood then snapped back their sights in awe. As boots landed nimbly to the pavement, the hem of a stitched trench coat fell lightly around Zeke's knees. He kept his glare only on the two Chimeras still coming.
"Go," he dauntingly said, his bloodied claymore ready for more.
Without another thought, Alex hurried to help Rick up to run.
Once they made it back to the church, the mood was only dire. Father Koen treated Rick's wounds while Gwen and Eddy watched Alex pace the cement floor of the fallout shelter. She couldn't deal with the shame that three of her comrades were still missing, including Will. Against all arguments, she took up her weapon to go out and look for them. She retraced their route and called out their names, over and over. Alas, she spotted Noah laid out by a dumpster. He was dead.
Alex fought it back, ignored it with all her might, just so she could carry on.
"June!" she called loudly, feeling a rain shower was coming soon, "Will!"
She couldn't help but think the worst as her voice started to crack. Then, she heard her name and whirled around. Her heart warmed to see Will. But his face was somber. He was carrying young June's limp body in his aching arms and his steps stumbled. Alex rushed over and helped him set the girl down. She too was dead.
Will couldn't even speak. He just stared with welling eyes at the body. Alex was sunken and sullen. That was when a few howls tore over them just a few blocks away. Will stood straight up with a clenching growl.
"Now's not the time," said Alex, seeing her words with no affect, "Will!"
He finally steered his glare at her.
The look she gave back was simply serene, "Help me carry them back."
He knew she was right. As much as he wanted to, it was not the time for vengeance. Reluctantly, he again scooped up June and they went back for Noah.
* * *
Veiled in the thick of a forest, a deep cave was well concealed by an overgrowth of vines and shrubs. Tracking through total darkness, Zeke finally returned to his clan. They were still recovering from the many injuries they had sustained that night.
"We weren't sure what happened to you," subordinate Lenn said with his return.
"What of Polk?" Zeke asked, spying the others standing quietly over the unmoved warrior.
"He lost too much blood," said Bade, checking his temper as he refused to look anywhere but at an empty corner of the cave.
"Put him outside," Zeke solemnly ordered, "The sun shall take him."
As their fallen comrade was carried away, Bade just couldn't fend off his anger any longer.
"Why were they so different from before?" he demanded, leveling his glare with Zeke's, "How did they know we were coming? How did they know anything at all?"
Zeke was unbelievably calm, "I don't know."
As the others returned, their faces remained empty as voices were raised.
"Why don't you tell your clan where you went last night?" Bade then said, finally bringing Zeke to attention, "Why don't you tell them how you've been consorting with humans?"
Every member of the clan was stunned. Zeke felt their stares stabbing into him.
"It's true," he confessed, shocking them further, "We've no need to fear them."
"They're probably the ones who set up that ambush," said Bade.
"They were attacked too!" Zeke barked back, if only to quiet him, "They lost two of their fighters tonight."
Zeke scanned his nocturnal sight through the darkness, looking at each in his clan. He could see that they didn't know what to believe.
"Our mission is to eliminate Odin, first and foremost," he wore his reasons like a crown, "I refuse to let anything get in the way of that… even if it means forming an alliance with humans."
His clan only remained silent. Finally, Zeke had to walk away. He headed deeper into the cave to find a small inlet to tuck into. With their comrade left outside, the sun rose for its light to ignite his body, and he burned off as mere ash for a morning breeze to carry it into the forest. Zeke would spend the long daylight hours in the shadows alone.
* * *
Alex punched in for work later than usual, as she had swapped for an evening shift. With night settling in, she headed in to clean the security office, just as the more pretentious one of the guards left for a bathroom break.
"You know, you're much too pretty to be taking out trash," said the rather portly guard at the console.
Alex took her cue and slanted her stance with a flirt, "What should I be doing?"
"Well…" he started, almost stuttering as she sauntered towards him, "You could… be a dancer."
She stretched out a slim smile and leaned in dangerously close, her knee gently brushing to the inside of his, "What kind of dancer?"
"Um… uh," the man gulped, oblivious to her reach under the computer console.
* * *
Parked just few blocks away, Father Koen sat idle in the driver's seat of his van. Will and Eddy were in the back.
"We're online," said Eddy, and he unleashed a video looping program, "This will replay the last recorded half-hour into the building's video feeds. Alex can go anywhere she wants and security won't have a clue."
Will was watching Alex on a second monitor, "But we can still watch her, right?"
"Yup. We're the only ones who can see what she's actually doing."
Will kept his sights on her as she took the elevator to the upper floors. He couldn't help but worry about her. She was completely on her own.
"She's headed to the executive's office," he said.
"How's she gonna get the access card for the restricted room?" asked Eddy.
Will sighed as he leaned back in his seat, "She told me not to ask."
* * *
With her caddy of cleaning supplies in hand, Alex let down her hair and opened the executive's door. He was still at work at his desk.
"Oh, I'm sorry," Alex sweetened her voice as she remained tentative in his doorway, "I can come back later."
"No, no. It's…" he stumbled out his kind words as he stood, "It's alright. I was just finishing up a few things. I usually get stuck in here pretty late."
As Alex went timidly in, the man slipped a few files into his briefcase to get ready to leave. With another one of her coy grins, she had hooked his toggling view of her. Bending down to clear the coffee table of magazines, she deviously allowed a choice view of her cleavage to show. When she straightened back up with an eye up at him, he quickly pretended not to notice. But he couldn't ignore her sensual saunter around the low-set table as she sprayed her cleaner, or the arcing tease of her long reach to wipe it down, slow and thorough. Sneaking a peek back at him, he couldn't take his eyes off her. His gradual strides then took him across the office, their leering stares only on each other as he locked the door. When Alex revealed a flask of whiskey, it lured him to her. He took a few hearty swills while she unbuttoned the top of her uniform dress, exposing the black lace bra underneath. Taking the flask away from him, she let him dive in to mess kisses across her chest and she tolerated his rough hands as he picked her up onto his desk. He shoved away the things atop it, including his briefcase and the framed photo of his wife and kids. Just as he unbuckled his pants, nearly gasping Alex at the brush of his ego to her thigh, he suddenly slowed. And then, he stopped.
Swiftly, Alex caught his slumping fall and hurried to drag and plop him in his cushioned swivel chair. Once she slipped on her cleaning gloves, she got right to work. She plugged a tiny flash drive into the computer he had foolishly left logged in and she accessed whatever files she wanted. She read as they copied over and she saw the same address come up numerous times. It was strangely connected to an organic food company she had never heard of, and their shipments to the St. Paul facility were extremely large. Their memos only referred to their exchanges as "Phase Two".
Once all the data had finally saved, Alex tucked the pinky-sized drive safely and securely down in her bra. She then took out another half-flask of whiskey from her cleaning tote and dribbled a little over the man's mouth. Leaving the open bottle in view, she poured the poisoned one into a jug of bleach in her caddy. Again, she clicked away on his computer and she couldn't help but smile.
"When you wake up in the mornin'," she saucily said, nearing a laugh, "You better hope no one else sees what a bad boy you've been… sinner."
Her final pilfer was of his security access card and she left his computer monitor littered with handfuls of pornographic websites. Then, she buttoned up, fixed her hair and grabbed her tote of cleaning supplies. Hurrying from the office, she tossed the empty whiskey flask down the garbage chute and headed back down to the ground floor. When the elevator doors opened, she took a long clearing breath and dashed down the hallway, leaving behind anything she wouldn't need. She lurked in the shadows until the guard made his last pass of the hour, and then slipped through the secured door leading to the restricted level buried below.
A cylindrical lift descended for three stories. But when the doors opened, it was empty inside. Alex then popped her head down from above the frame to check her path. Seeing it clear, she dropped to her feet and started a slow run, her eyes and ears focused. She passed laboratories lined with large refrigeration units. But she slowed near a row of small offices, where the double-doors at the corridor's end opened to a grand concrete room. Under its vaulted ceiling, she ran to a control room and went right to the computers. A file entitled "Phase Two" was opened first, and the image was staggering. It was of the Chimeras from last night's ambush.
They were a whole new breed.
Her hands with a jitter, she printed a few documents to fold and stick down her shirt. She then turned her sight out the control room windows. Across the large room, a heavy door stood within a wall of thick steel, with a bright yellow hazard symbol painted on the front. Heading over, she glimpsed to a crane tracked along the ceiling and it only fed her curiosity. Now before the door, she slid the security card down the access panel and it opened with a light hiss. As neon lights flickered on down the long, massive tunnel, Alex froze with the faint snarls they stirred, and her eyes went wide to find over a dozen Phase Two Chimeras.
A roar scoured the hollow room and others followed, before they all charged. The floor quaking, Alex frantically tried to close the door, pressing and scanning anything she could. But nothing was working and their stampede was picking up speed. Finally, a light flashed green and the door slide aside, slamming hard to the stretching limb of a beast as Alex fled. They only heaved the door back open and tore off after her. Down the hall and into the elevator, Alex felt her heart pounding through her as she waited for it to ascend. Then, she heard the doors crash open below, and the creatures started to climb up after her.
* * *
Blocks away, in Father Koen's van, Will and Eddy kept watch of the video feed while they waited for Alex to reemerge from the restricted room. Father Koen was reclined in the front seat with a black book in his lap, listening to the local police banter on a scanner. Just then, he heard a dispatcher request a check of a suspicious vehicle and heard his own make and model described, along with the street they were parked on.
"We have to move," he told the boys, and started up the engine.
"She's still down there," argued Will.
"We'll come back after the cops find something better to do."
Father Koen then turned the van around and drove them away. With still no sign of their leader on the monitors, the signal soon cut out and the video feed was lost.
* * *
Alex could hear them getting closer. Her nerves were right on edge by the time the elevator opened, and she ran out just as the floor burst apart with ravenous Chimeras. As she scrambled to open the next door, claws swung out only to snag and peel off her cardigan as she nearly fell into the hallway.
Back in the security office, the two guards were startled out of their chairs at seeing Alex darting out of the restricted room. As the arrogant one ran out to go detain her, the more portly one bore witness to what emerged from the room after her. He didn't have time to freak out. He just grabbed his shotgun and hustled out to follow his partner.
Alex was rushing through the corridors as fast as she possibly could. Careening around the next corner, she ran right into the arms of the security guard.
"Calm down," he scolded, but she kept struggling to get away.
"Run!" she screamed, "We have to get out of here!"
"You're not going anywhere," he ordered.
Just as Alex pushed him away, the sheering claws of a Chimera thrust through his chest to spatter his blood to the walls. Alex just stood there stunned.
"Hey!"
She spun to see the guard with his shotgun ready, and she ran over for him to herd her out a fire exit. They were sprinting across the empty parking lot when a large window shattered and a rash of Chimeras was hurtling after them. As the guard turned with a foray of gunshot blasts, Alex's fright dared her to look back at the creatures catching up to them. With that instant vision of her own demise, she gasped to a sudden gust in front of her and she was snatched from the ground to soar hastily away. She got but a glimpse of the guard being torn to shreds and the swift figures swooping in to slay the demons, before it all fleeted from view. Looking to the vacant expression of Zeke's face, his hold of her locked firm, Alex was ridden with guilt for opening that door. It wasn't long before a heavy angst had tightened inside her.
"Um…" her panting stuttered, daring a look to the impossible heights they were reaching, "Could you… put me down a minute?"
Giving her a scarce eye, Zeke landed them atop a tall skyscraper with the city noises far below. Setting her back to her feet, she immediately sat down. He could see she was in a mild state of shock. He could feel a pulse racing inside him as he stood there completely calm. Soon, she regained a bit of her composure, at least enough to speak.
"They were," she got out between breaths, "the same ones that ambushed us."
"We were attacked as well," said Zeke, "I was unable to warn you in time."
Alex drove off images of her dead friends as she somberly asked, "Any losses?"
"One," he said, "Wounds all around."
A few slow nods were her only response. She had to overcome her brush with death before she could even consider everything else she had found.
"My two scouts had tracked a faint scent of them to that building," Zeke told her, "My clan was holding position when you came running out. I suppose I should thank you for finding where they'd been hidden."
The remark only taunted Alex's guilt. Taking a moment, she drew a steady breath and stood up to level her stare with Zeke's.
"Odin's calling them Phase Two," she said, and then gravely declared, "We have a new enemy."
He had to concur, "That we do."
They remained there. Their silence was not in judge of each other, but of the path they now saw before them both.
"I can return you to the church," he said, ever blunt and devoid.
Not surprised he knew where it was, Alex gave him another subtle nod. So Zeke went to her side to take her by the wrist, and he draped her arm around his neck to pick her up in his arms. When he hopped to the granite ledge, her hold of him tightened from the immeasurable height. Then, he sprung to leap impossible bounds over the rooftops of St. Paul. Though stiffened with fright, Alex felt like they were flying. The vista streaked by in brilliant rods of light. As they neared the outskirts of the city, she again saw the silver medallion strung around his neck, dangled over the black t-shirt she had given him. Zeke didn't seem to notice her reach to hold it in her fingers, smoothing them over the exquisite and ancient carvings.
"Fortius quo fidelius," she read aloud, "Strength through loyalty."
She saw him a bit surprised by her translation, but then his sights snapped ahead.
"I smell blood," he said, and she mirrored his firm gaze forward.
When he finally set her down at the tree line of the field, Alex took but a step when Zeke put a halting hand on her arm.
"A lot of blood," he warned.
But Alex just pulled away to take off towards the church, her fear unforgivably clenched in her throat. Sprinting to the altar, she slowed with the blood smeared along the wall to the hidden door, which was wide open. She had to force herself down the coiled staircase. Zeke made not a sound as he followed her into the fallout shelter. Absolutely everything was destroyed and painted a deep red. The pulse inside him was trembling.
"It's okay," Alex was consoling in the far corner, "Don't be scared."
A girl about her age was cradled in her arms. The flesh of her body had been torn to shreds. She was still conscious, but her breaths were swift and short. Zeke knew her end was near.
"I'm right here, Gwen," Alex tried to stay strong, though her voice was cracking.
When she glimpsed down the corridor to the sleeping quarters, so did Zeke. Only a few portions could've been identified as their greenhorn Rick. Also among the ruins of the shelter were the remains of at least three Phase Two Chimeras, sliced into various pieces all around them.
"Father Koen…" the usually cheerful Gwen managed to say, "He called… said he had to move the van during the mission. They're… looking for you."
Alex brushed sodden strands of hair from the poor girl's plump face, wishing there was more she could do for her. "What happened?"
"Rick thought… you came back," Gwen refused the fluid choking on her lungs to go on, "Went up to see, but…" The young girl couldn't help it, and she finally allowed the pain to let her weep, "I'm sorry."
"No," Alex calmly shushed her, stroking her hair as she gently rocked her, "Don't you dare. I'm sorry… I'm sorry…"
Just then, Gwen spied the man standing mute near the shadows.
"You… you saved us… at the ambush," she feebly gestured, "Thank you."
Zeke barely had to move to straighten his posture and his head slightly bowed.
A sweet smile grew to Gwen's precious face before she looked back up at Alex.
"A keeper," she whispered.
Then, her eyes went listless. She was gone.
Gritting her jaw, Alex pushed the girl's eyelids closed and refused all emotions as she rested the body to the floor. She stood up slowly, feeling that same heat on her back. But she didn't turn around.
"Remember when I told you about Dr. Cray?" she asked.
Zeke could recall, "You said he disappeared."
"The second those things hit us at the nest, I knew he was the one behind it," she kept her thoughts focused and her memories far from reach, "I found close to a hundred correspondences with an address in northwestern Montana, about the large shipments to that building downtown. That has to be where he's hiding."
Alex finally turned around and Zeke saw her face was as empty as his.
"Cray is way too arrogant to let anyone in on how he makes Chimeras. That makes him the most valuable out of all Odin's shareholders. It won't be easy. But if we can take out Cray, I guarantee Chimera production will come to a complete and total halt."
Zeke knew that the flesh-eating creatures were Odin's biggest asset to the war against the First. Dr. Cray was indeed a pinnacle player in the pursuit of the annihilation of his people.
"I must go," he suddenly realized, "The sun will rise soon."
"Before you do," said Alex, and she reached into her bra to pull out the papers she had printed off in the restricted room, "You should see this."
She unfolded the documents and reluctantly offered them to him. Her nerves were still wrenching as he reached to take them.
"It actually shows the main ingredient for making a Chimera," she said, watching his movements slow.
Drawing the sheen of his eyes down to the pages in his hands, Alex saw their gleam pause in stun, just as hers had. Fighting the weight of it all trying to overcome him, Zeke handed the papers back to her and turned his steps away. But he stopped.
"My apologies," he then said, "for your fallen."
A flood of silence filled in around them. Alex could only stare at the thick stitching down his trench coat.
"And thank you," he said before heading upstairs, "for all your help."
Alex knew what he had just done. It was no different from her. He had buried his fury of what those papers said deep down inside.

Chapter Six

BURYING COMRADES NEVER GOT easier. After scrubbing the entire shelter clean, Father Koen led the service for a proper burial, just as he had done too many times before. Alex, Will, and Eddy, all that was left of the urban gang, tuned in and out of the scriptures. Then, they buried Rick and Gwen in unmarked graves next to Noah and June in the church cemetery. Sadly enough, their intimacy with death refused to let one tear to shed between them. The hours that followed the funeral only dragged down in that bunker. They hardly spoke or ate and barely slept. Father Koen couldn't get through to them, not even Alex.
"Don't waste your prayers, Father," she just said, and hid in her room.
They were all too tired and stricken with grief to find the hope they had lost.
But the next day, the young trio began to show signs of recovery. After dinner, Father Koen sat in his armchair to consume Thoreau, while Will and Eddy tried to relax with some cards. Still favoring solitude, Alex was upstairs, sitting on the church stoop to watch the sun finally set over the city. That was when she saw the cloaked figure just past the tree line. As twilight wafted across the sky, the stern shadow reached to pull off their hood, and gleaming eyes glared back at her. Bravely, Alex descended the steps as Bade marched across the field towards her. Both stopped to stare with a few yards left between them.
"Where is he?" asked Bade, quite sternly.
He saw Alex confused. Then, Will and Father Koen appeared atop the church steps.
"I know of your secret meetings," scolded Bade, "I know it was you that fled that building. And whatever you told him that night caused him to leave his entire clan behind!"
"What the hell are you talking about?" argued Alex.
"I'd never seen him that angry before," said Bade, his rage searing, "As soon as night returned, he took up his sword and ordered us not to follow him. So tell me why! Why would he keep such secrets from me?"
The men watching from the steps were now thinking the same of Alex.
"I know where Zeke went," said Alex, hardening the air around them.
Bade felt his anger boil just as his hand latched around her throat in a blink.
"Tell me!" he demanded.
Will and Father Koen ran out with weapons ready, but Alex's simple gesture had them halted.
"I'm the only one who can help you, so why don't ya' just calm down and listen?"
The ease of her wit in such a position halted Bade's next thought. Gradually, he released her and took a step back. The armed men just behind her finally lowered their blades.
"I told Zeke what I found at the Odin facility. I haven't even told my teammates yet," she confessed with shame, "I just didn't think he'd take it this far."
She wanted Bade to see her sincerity. But his objective was focused, so she got right to the point. "If we're gonna find him, we have to form a truce and do it together."
"I'll do no such thing," he protested, "This isn't your war!"
"Our reason to fight is our own!" yelled Alex, "But only I know where Zeke went and most of my team is dead! So whether you like it or not, we need each other!"
Bade leveled his glaring eyes with hers. Neither of them looked to waver.
* * *
Deep inside the burrowed caves, the clan of the First was discussing what to do next when Bade finally returned.
"We are going to find our leader," he announced.
All were then stunned to see the light of a lantern follow him in, before four humans entered their dwelling. They recognized the woman they had seen back in Mississippi.
"This is the human that Zeke has been meeting with," Bade said as he pointed to Alex, "She claims to know how to find him."
Alex felt stiff with so many stares on her and all with a nocturnal sheen.
"He went to a laboratory in Montana," she bravely began as she stepped forward, "It's where Odin is currently making the new Chimeras being sent out, a project called Phase Two. The man in charge of it all is Dr. Cray, a genetics engineer. He invented Chimeras. I believe Zeke intends to take out Cray and his compound all on his own."
"Why would he go off alone?" asked Fitz, his hands casually balanced on the hilt of a katana sheathed on his belt.
His appearance was daunting enough, but it was his question that had stalled her.
She took a slow breath before going on, "I thought I knew everything about Chimeras: how fast they run, their striking distance, attack patterns. But I never knew why they were made in the first place… until I met Zeke. He told me how the First hate humans. But, for some reason, he saved my life on that bridge, which was why I saved his in return. When I found out what he was, it didn't really scare me. It just… helped me understand. So we formed an alliance."
Humans and First alike had frozen still at finally hearing the truth. Even the shadows of the room were in shock.
"But now… things have changed. The Chimeras have changed," Alex embraced her courage to continue, "If we all want to take down Odin and we all want to get Zeke back in one piece, then we're just gonna have put aside our differences. Because the only path to winning this war will be the one we make together."
A rash of objections erupted from the clan and the humans grew tense with their rude remarks. Finally, Bade stepped between them and the contention cut short.
"I implore you to consider the reasons we have followed our leader so loyally," he firmly put forth, Alex now stunned by his stern stand, "Zeke put his trust in this human… so we should do the same."
It was nothing short of a miracle, but Bade's point appeared to actually get through to the heated clan. The long journey began without delay.
Father Koen and the gang drove the van on through the night, while Bade led the First in great bounds to follow at nearly matching speed. As Eddy and his laptop struggled for a signal to find one of the priest's many undisclosed contacts for help, Will lounged idly with him in the backseat. Alex could sense his frequent glares. He was only stewing. But with such a vital mission at hand, he said nothing.
As the morning snuck up on them, they were blessed with a heavy rainstorm. The clouds were so thick that not a bit of sun could show through, allowing the warrior clan to remain on course. But with Eddy's current weather report, daylight would break soon, so Father Koen fiddled on his cell phone to search for shelter. He then slowed to lure their cloaked followers down an unkempt road, to the gutted shell of a century-old logging mill abandoned along a bustling river.
The long structure was dark and damp inside, with a few windowless rooms for the First to hunker down in just before the sun made its appearance. While the humans also tried to get some rest, Alex could only manage a few hours of it. She got up and snuck past Father Koen and Eddy as they slept and headed out to the stretching corridor. Halfway down, reclined in the open frame of one of the dozens of windows, Will was taking in the view of the wild river. The sun was bright overhead and there wasn't a cloud in the sky. Alex coerced her way towards and leaned to the window just next to his.
Will tried not to notice her at first. But, finally, he couldn't take it anymore.
"Why didn't you tell me?" he lastly said, far more calm than either expected.
Alex's sight was lost to the whitecap rapids, "I wasn't sure how."
"We've known each other since we were kids," he argued, "It shouldn't be that hard to talk to me."
"I'm sorry, okay?"
"No, it's not okay!" he scolded, but promptly bottled his anger, "You know… everyone who's ever joined the team had to tell you what happened to them that made them want to fight. But you never said what happened to you."
The breeze off the water gave a faint mist of surf over the line of windows.
"I only told Father Koen," she said, finding it all oddly easy to tell, "I was born in Boston. My family lived in this nice little suburb, where all the houses looked the same and saplings were lined down the sidewalks. My parents worked for the government, but I was too young to remember what they did exactly. They died in a car accident when I was eight. Then, this guy showed up, said he was our godfather and he took me and my older sister to live in his mansion. He was really weird… kinda creepy. He made us call him Uncle."
Will hadn't heard her talk so candidly. He was enthralled by every word.
"When my sister was thirteen, she got sick. Uncle sent her away and said he got a call that she'd died. There was no funereal. Then, it was about a year later that I noticed almost all of Uncle's servants stopped coming around the house. He said they moved away or that he just couldn't afford to keep them anymore. Pretty soon, the only staff left was the butler, the chef and the grounds keeper. And I was all that was left of my family."
Will hopped down off the window sill, sensing her words were getting harder for her to say.
"I just knew something wasn't right, so I started snoopin' around the parts of the house Uncle had told us to stay out of. Sometimes I wish I'd just listened to him," she nearly laughed, but then got quite serious. "Hidden in one of the cellars, I found this huge laboratory. And there, in a cage, was this… monster." Alex toiled over the visions she recalled and the fangs of the first Chimera she had ever seen, gnawing on the flesh of a human arm. "I realized he'd been feeding all his servants to it… my sister, too. I was so scared. I just ran away."
Will felt he was sinking deep into the guilt along with her. It was all too surreal.
"Uncle…" he then said, "…is Dr. Cray."
Alex's shame only allowed her a few nods in response.
"And that's why the second you found out Father Koen was in the military," he realized, "you started begging him to teach you how to fight. You didn't leave him alone until he did."
"I weren't the only one," she reminded him.
Will leaked out a laugh, "I only did it 'cause you did."
He saw her small grin fade. None of them often spoke of the past.
"Why were Chimeras made in the first place?" Will had to ask.
"Zeke said Odin made them to hunt the First, I assume because no human can match them in battle."
"Why does Odin hate them so much? Just because they have to feed on blood to survive, doesn't mean it has to threaten human lives."
"Look at television, books, urban legends, superstitions, religion… or just look at our history as a whole. It's human nature to fear what we don't understand."
Will wasn't even sure what he understood and he had to admit to himself that the First did frighten him a little. But seeing how Alex dealt with Bade reassured him.
"You're not all that's left, Alex," he then said, his youth offering her a bit of seasoned advice, "You know we're your family now."
A faint luster returned to her face with the thought, though she knew it was true from the start. As Will headed off down the corridor, Alex felt her strength could pull at the tides to freeze that precise moment in time. A feeling of empowerment churned through her. And she kept it with her for the rest of the sluggish day, letting it reinforce her spirit as the sun finally set. Whatever was next for all of them, she felt ready to face it.
The First soon started to stir in their dark room. They had been relaxing in a meditative state for hours, but rejoined the world well rested and focused. With twilight dimming the surrounding lands, the clan quickly vanished from the old mill and into the surrounding woods without even a word.
The humans were left baffled, wondering if they should get going without them.
"They need to feed," said Bade, lingering just inside the doorway.
Standing with the boys as they readied supplies at the van, Alex was slowed by his persistent glare as he headed back into the shadows. Picking up on his silent request, she left the others to go see what he wanted. She still wasn't used to the First's exhaustively subtle ways. A few strides behind, she followed him up a slim staircase to a secluded room. A single, narrow window looked out over the wide river below.
"The others didn't notice," he said with his stance solid in the corner, "Fitz had asked you why Zeke would go off on his own like he did, but you never answered him."
She was almost humored by his perception, but she felt a wallowing itch inside her.
"I didn't want them to react the same way he did."
Bade watched her intensely, judging every movement and every breath she took as she spoke. He was searching for any sign of deceit, a trait that he knew all humans possessed.
"Chimeras are fast. Faster than any human," she went on, though she wished for a way to avoid it, "You ever notice how similar Chimera movements are to your own? The First, I mean. The Phase Two even more…?"
She now had his undivided attention and had even enticed him to take a step towards her.
"I told Zeke the truth about how Chimeras are made," she said, sensing his temper heating up, "They're a genetic cross of a few predatory mammals, mixed with human… and the First."
The sheen of Bade's glaring eyes was unmistakable.
"Science and technology are always changing, so we have to stop Chimera production as soon as possible," she said, keeping her eyes on his, "Killing Dr. Cray would ensure that."
Bade was annoyed by her resolve, but also humbled. He was starting to see how similar their fights truly were, as well as how different.
"His anger only tires him," he quietly told her, "And he didn't feed with us when he last should have. The harder he fights in battle, the weaker he'll become. And suffering any wounds will only worsen his chances for survival."
Bade saw Alex's stare go stale, and her brow furrowed. He couldn't even guess what she must have been thinking.
"Once we have fed, we will follow," he then said, and nearly brushed by her to leave, "Don't wait for us. We will catch up."
His swift exit left Alex with a lingering doubt. She knew they had to hurry.

Chapter Seven

WITH THE SUN LONG since sunken below the horizon, Zeke was perched on a rocky mountainside. Looking out over a long, cement structure miles away, his focus was only on his objective. He was ready to end the legacy of the Chimera with one blow, saving billions of First and humans from generations of despair. With the night as his cue, he launched to rocket over the vast spread of trees. Drawing his claymore as he reached the front gates, he barreled in with flashing speed, spinning to slice through armed guards before they even knew they were dead. Various soldiers patrolling the area dropped one-by-one without ever seeing their attacker. As Zeke made it past the first perimeter, his presence there had still gone undetected.
* * *
Trucking through the heavy forest, mountains towering on either side, the van skidded to a stop at the dead end of a weathered road. As the small team piled out, Eddy suddenly gasped.
"Someone replied!" he said, pointing at his open laptop.
"It's from Yale," Father Koen leaned eagerly over to read the message, "He's sending reinforcements to storm in from the north end of the property. He's just not sure they'll get there in time. Eddy, write back that I'll meet them at the north access."
"You're not coming?" Alex asked as the boys geared up to head out.
"Like you need some gimpy old man slowing you down?" Father Koen laughed lightly, and then put his hands to her shoulders to look her right in the eyes, "You can handle any fight that comes your way. I pity anyone who tries to stop you."
Alex had to let out a sigh, but she couldn't help but give him a small grin. Just then, they all startled as the ground rumbled from a distant explosion.
"We've gotta move fast!" called Will, throwing Alex her things.
"Hurry up," said the priest.
As the three of them took off into the shadowed woods, Alex instantly forgot her troubles and finished gearing up as they ran.
"We won't make it," Will warned, and tossed over her weapon.
Just as she about to argue with him, her ears caught the faint whips of wind from behind them. When another explosion rocked the earth, a fleeting glimpse of the First clan soared down and picked each of them up to fly effortlessly over the lofty pines. Alex was stunned to find Bade whirling her onto his back.
"Thanks," she said modestly.
"I fear we may be too late," he said.
"No," she held not an ounce of doubt, "We got here just in time."
Sirens then erupted from the compound and the First landed gently to set the humans down. The slaughter was everywhere. They simply tracked Zeke’s bloody path into the structure. Once inside, they encountered a few guards. But the clan took them out easily for Alex and Will to pilfer a few guns and Eddy to snag security access cards. Reaching an intersection, they split up. Alex ordered Will and Eddy with Fitz and Quin of the clan, while she joined Bade, Tess and Lenn. The two teams each took a corridor.
Entering a new section of the compound, it led them underground, where the heavy strides of armed guards were no longer heard. An eerie quiet muffled the halls. Suddenly, shrill roars halted every one of them in their tracks.
"Stay behind us," said Bade, and he and his comrades made shielding stances around Alex.
"I can take care of myself, ya' know."
"We can't afford you getting injured!" he barked back, and grabbed to show the wounds of her healing wrist, "Only your blood can save Zeke!"
Alex had no response, no thought of any kind. When another wave of roars resounded more loudly through the concrete labyrinth, their rushing resumed and the three First battled fiercely to clear a path. At last, they were given a break as they stormed into a control room, killed the soldiers inside and sealed the door shut. Alex quickly started to access what she could on the spanning computer console.
"We're wasting time," said Tess, the burly female of the clan.
"This will actually save us time," said Alex, typing at great speed as young Lenn hovered over her shoulder in mild interest.
With her final keystroke, various video feeds of the compound appeared on the giant monitor.
"This will help us find where he is," she said as she scrolled different channels.
They saw the other team making their way through the submerged structure, all working together to take down the Chimeras. Next, Alex brought up a visual of a small gathering of armed soldiers. They were guarding an aging man in a sleek business suit.
"Who is that?" asked Bade.
Though she loathed the mere sight of him, she dared to speak his name, "Cray."
Spying the young woman's reaction to the sight, Bade surprisingly withheld his next remark.
She then spliced the visual on the monitor to show a full blueprint of the entire compound and she pinpointed where the Odin scientist was hiding. As Bade leaned to the console to see more closely, a new image flashed onto the screen, stunning them all.
It was Zeke, unconscious on a bloodied concrete floor and locked in a foods supply room. Checking the blueprints, Alex knew exactly where he was and the four of them tore off in a hurry. Radioing the others, they slew more beasts than they could count before finally found the storeroom. But it was locked from the inside. Remembering the minor details of the layout of the building, Alex scanned to find an air vent near the ceiling. Just as the others helped her up to reach it, her radio buzzed. Will was calling for backup. They were stuck in a standoff. Hoisting Alex into the tiny duct, Bade led the rest of the team to go and help.
Though the duct was cramped, Alex crawled through to the other side and punched out the grate to hop down. But as she stood, the air thinned. There was so much blood. And Zeke was just lying there, lifeless. In a snap, she threw off her hood and rushed to his side.
"Zeke…?" she called, hauling him up to lean him against the wall, "Zeke!"
Sluggish and weary, he started to come to. When his eyes finally opened, they stared blankly at her.
"Both our teams are here," she was proud to say, "Yours and mine."
His stare of her didn't dare waver, in disbelieve of what he saw and heard.
"We came to help you," she said, "We can take down Cray together."
"Go on ahead," he blandly told her, his entire body littered with deep wounds desperately trying to heal, "I just need to rest."
"Don't lie to me, God damn it! Look at you!" her curse shocked him still, "Bade told me you didn't feed when you were supposed to, which is a pretty dumb move if you're gonna take on an entire army all by yourself."
She quickly started to roll up her sleeve when Zeke grabbed her arm to stop her.
"Just leave me be," his tone surrendered, and he tossed her arm aside.
"Do you know how hard it must've been for Bade to come to me when you took off? You owe it to your clan to get back in this fight!" Alex was brimming with anger as she leaned in and scolded, "And don't think I'm just gonna sit here and watch another one of my friends die!"
His gleaming eyes delved right into her then, just as a tear slipped down her cheek. He moved slowly, but reached a gentle touch to catch it. He thought such a thing was only caused by pain. He wondered how many forms of it she had to bear.
"I could feel you coming," he softly said, and their stares locked as his fingers smoothed down her face and behind her neck, "I have felt your heart beat inside me since the night you let me drink from you."
Alex all but went numb as she felt his other hand swathe a tender hold around her waist, stretching across her back. His mere touch drew her closer and he slowly tilted her head to move her shirt collar aside, while his palm ran up her spine. Their eyes remained on each other as Zeke closed in, until Alex finally let hers close as their cheeks barely brushed. She could feel the heat of his breath just below her ear. As his lips tracked lightly along her skin, her arms wrapped smoothly around him, and it hindered him just a moment. Then, his fangs pierced fast and deep, tightening her grip of him as he started to drink.
Hands spread and pulling, Zeke felt her blood run sweeter than ever. His hold brought her nearer still, wanting to relish each measured swallow, though he was careful of his consumption. Their bodies pressed firm, he finally released and quickly covered the wounds with his hand. They lingered there, still holding tight, each trying to catch their breath. Zeke could hear her heart racing.
"Are you okay?" he asked, and the two lastly pulled apart.
The quiet was torture, but Alex nodded and promptly bandaged her neck.
"C'mon," she insisted, helping him to his feet, "We've still gotta stop that bastard before the sun comes up."
As Zeke regained his bearings, Alex picked up his sword and offered it back to him.
"I'll fight until this war is over," she said firmly, "I can promise you that."
Renewed, Zeke took a hold of his claymore and stiffened his grip, while Alex readied her bladed staff. Both were unmatched in focus as they approached the locked door.
* * *
With Bade and Will leading the rest of the combined forces, they scurried down the tunnels as more roars were looming. Alas, they encountered yet another security door.
"This should take us into the northernmost wing," said Eddy. When he scanned his access card, however, he had to grumble, "It's not working. I gotta hack it."
Slipping his laptop from his pack, he worked as quickly as he could while the others stood guard. Lenn had tracked back down the corridor a ways, trying to hear their enemies. As he paused to listen, a swarm of Chimeras launched around the corner, and Lenn whirled out his cutlass blade without fear or hesitation. Cutting down the first one, his mates rushed to help.
"Hurry up!" Will yelled at Eddy.
As blood splashed to the cool walls, Lenn's was the next to splatter, so the clan rightly took their revenge. Finally, the door slid open and they all dashed into the north wing before shutting the Chimeras away.
They were running at full speed down the passages when crashing gunfire mowed across their path, jumping them back before the entrance of the final hallway. Will and Eddy fired back at the Odin soldiers, while the clan only grew eager to get going.
Frustrations flaring, the teams looked in thrill to see Zeke dart in from the opposite corridor, towing Alex along to keep up. Will then spied his leader with a grenade in her other hand, and she was bringing the pin up to her teeth.
"Get back!" he hollered.
With him and Eddy laying cover fire, Zeke hurled Alex across the opening of the hall for her to hurl the grenade down before they all dove for cover. The fiery blast shook the entire structure with a long, deafening boom. Then, once the ground settled, the teams peered around to see. Bodies and debris were littered everywhere, but the large steel door remained sealed at the other end. With rifles aimed steady, the humans cautioned their approach. All the guards had been killed, so they checked for any intact access cards. Finding one, the teams again split to either side of the giant door.
When the heavy steel slowly opened, all kept still. An eerie quiet came from within the next room. So, Alex fired a single shot in check and ducked back as a barrage of bullets returned fire. She glanced over to see Zeke whisper to his comrades and he gestured her to wait.
In merely a flash, the clan of the First dashed inside for the slicing of flesh and bone to sour the air. Afterwards, they stood stern as they scanned the bloodied foyer.
"It's clear," said Zeke.
Their guns and paces still vigilant, Alex, Will and Eddy found they had arrived within the grand entryway of a mansion. There were glossed wood fixtures and beautiful adjoined rooms. The décor alone was worth millions. Stalking through in silence, every room was empty and frustrations only grew. That was when all halted to the snapping sound of engines firing up.
"Move it!" Will yelled and ran through the house towards the revving helicopter blades.
Into a parlor lined with glass doors and stone pillars, Bade suddenly grabbed and hauled him back just as bullets showered into the room. As the humans gave back blanketing gunfire, clan members darted out to slay the soldiers posted outside. Advancing out the north end of the house into a majestic garden, the flora was still fast asleep as a faint of light barely began to brighten the sky. They ran for the tall hedges as more shots popped off, but the First warriors leapt out to come down on their rivals with carving blades.
Bounding high into the air, Zeke spotted a trio of vehicles parked at the start of a dirt road. A helicopter with whirling blades was at the west end of the pasture beyond. His clan pounced on ahead, cutting down any armed guard they saw. With Alex leading her boys to the edge of the clearing, rifles were battling loudly back and forth. Zeke then felt her heart jump.
"He’s getting away!" she screamed.
The helicopter picked up from the ground and howled over their heads as it sped its flight off across the waking sky. Enraged, Alex ran out from her cover to fire madly at the Odin soldiers. The SUVs finally started to make their escape.
With a growl, Bade leapt daringly onto the roof of their lead and thrust his gladius swords down through the pair of soldiers in the front seats. Jumping off before it spun and flipped over, the next truck swerved to get around it. But Fitz and Quin slammed to its hood, plunging their blades deep into the engine with impossible might before they both sprung out of the way. The last one was more frantic to flee, so Will fired two precise shots to blow the rear tires, sending it fishtailing at high speed. They lost control and collided with a broad tree, throwing the driver and passenger over the airbags and through the windshield. The remaining guards jumped out with their guns ablaze, but the whole clan assailed with ruthless swords to slay them all in an instant. Zeke then dragged their last opponent out of the truck, a cowering man in a white coat splattered with blood. He was just raising his claymore to his neck when Alex hurried over.
"Wait!" she yelled.
He backed away as she ran to them, and she hurled a solid punch to the scientist's face, throwing him to the ground. Before he could shake away his daze, Alex hauled him back to his feet and slammed him against the truck.
"You're Cray's assistant!" she hollered, "Your name's Reed!"
"How do you…?" he trembled and asked, "Who are you people?"
"Take a real good look," she scowled.
The battle had since silenced and the others had closed in around them. The man froze to see both human and First… together.
"Where is he going?" demanded Alex.
"It's useless," he dared to speak despite his pain. "Phase Two has gone into full production. We have dozens of facilities, all bigger than this one."
The shock raised to her face caused him a laugh, "You'll never stop him."
Then, a tiny crunch rattled behind his teeth and he pursed his lips to spit on the ground between their feet. He was sadistically pleased when she looked down. It was a plastic capsule, now broken and emptied of its poison. With a growl, Alex tightened her hold of him and gave his body another slam.
"And your friends," he said, weakened, "Will be extinct before you know it… Alexandra."
At that, he suddenly choked, just as his last breath faded with the breeze. Alex released him and he flopped dead to the ground. No one could move.
Just then, all turned to the bellowed sound of rumbling engines, now hustling up the road at the opposite end of the field. Father Koen waved to them out the window of one of the trucks. That was when the first sliver of daylight crept over the trees. The sun was about to breach.
"We must go," Zeke lastly said, "I will find you."
Alex turned to catch her stare with his. But it was only for a moment, and he and his clan blurred and vanished from sight. The wind gusting, her words were left to teeter on her tongue.
The cavalry pulled up around the only three humans left behind, and Father Koen jumped out to see it written all over their faces. With blood and death spread around the sullen fighters, they all realized their battle against Odin had grown beyond their meager grasps. But they knew they could only press on, keep their weathered boots moving ever forward. They would have to fight harder, fight smarter, fight as if the world depended on it… because it did.
The war was far from over.

Thank you for reading.

I'd love to hear your thoughts on THE FIRST NIGHT.
Feel free to write a review:
https://www.smashwords.com/profile/view/msfowle


"Like" THE FIRST SERIES on Facebook:
http://www.facebook.com/TheFirstSeries


More of My Books:
http://msfowle.wordpress.com/my-books/

Meet me at my Author Site:
http://msfowle.wordpress.com/
