Chapter 1
 	
	The Grand was an abandoned old hotel standing 14 stories and dominating the skyline in the small town of Mystic, Texas.  In its heyday the opulent hotel boasted 450 guest rooms, two ball rooms, a beauty parlor, bowling alley and a gymnasium along with an Olympic sized swimming pool. Nothing was too posh at the Grand; celebrities from all over the world came there as well as presidents and presidential candidates and leaders from other countries. There was no doubt about it; the Grand was the place to be around the Dallas/Fort Worth area.
	The Grand opened its doors in November of 1929 just days before the stock market crash, but that did not seem to hurt the fanfare of the more affluent clientele. They came for the aforementioned amenities as well as the others that were practically unheard of at the time; such as air conditioning, running ice water in all rooms, the spa and the unparalleled service. With its Spanish Colonial Revival design along with its granite and marble flooring to the strategically placed Persian rugs, the luxurious hotel simply had no equal.
	Why would a small town like Mystic have such a lush hotel built in the center of town? The big attraction was the magical and healing powers of its water. According to legend, a settler hand dug a water well there back before it was even considered a town. The water itself tasted funny and he thought it might be poison, but he was not for sure. Eager to find out, he started giving it to his own daughter that suffered from epilepsy. After a few weeks of drinking the water, the girl was cured from her seizures. As this news traveled the water became a profitable commodity being marketed as a miracle cure for all types of ailments. Soon, as the news spread nationwide, Mystic became famous for its only export which was nothing more than mineral water. Doctors began prescribing it for their patients. This brought throngs of visitors to the town and the need of accommodations arose.
	
	From start to finish, it took a little over three years to build the Grand in all its splendor and after opening, it took only three years until the owner filed bankruptcy. The hotel remained open and was still the town’s major attraction with its lush furnishings and gala nightlife with live dance bands playing in both ballrooms, but business was suffering due to the Great Depression and people just were not coming to Mystic like they once did and even if they were in town, they could not afford to stay at the Grand which was being advertised as a health spa. 
	Another severe blow to the hotel’s reputation came in the form of its first suicide. A stockbroker, who was a regular at the hotel and had lost his fortune during the hard times, went to his room on the 10th floor and jumped from the majestic structure. 
	The rumors around Mystic started flying with tales of drunken parties and prostitution going on at the hotel. The hotel was a favorite subject of gossip around town and a target for fire and brimstone preachers in their sermons on Sunday although the Grand was one of the largest employers in town.
	After the Great Depression and Prohibition was over the hotel enjoyed a resurgence of business and things continued to improve through World War II.  The Grand catered to the families of military personnel stationed at a nearby army training grounds as well as the civilian population not to mention the people that came to town to for the therapeutic water. 
	Hard times once again fell on the Grand in the Fifties. The Government cracked down on all businesses that were advertising cure all tonics and mineral waters; the hotel could not advertise itself as a spa with healing waters. Business declined throughout the decade and the owner shut the hotel’s doors in 1962.
	A group of the city’s leaders and businessmen reopened the Grand in 1965, but it struggled to remain open. The army post closed and business fell even more. A new interstate highway was built 15 miles away and rerouted traffic cutting off a main artery of business out of the town of Mystic. The hotel closed for good in 1970.	In 1982 the owners sold off most of all the interior furniture and original fixtures and left the Grand standing there to slowly deteriorate in all of its magnificent splendor. 




















Chapter 2	

	The Grand Hotel had stood vacant with only its ghosts as occupants for 41 years. It took that long for Michael Owens to come to town and see it. Mike didn’t have a bit of business in Mystic, Texas; he was just sightseeing and drove through town on a whim just because he had never been there. The lone tall structure in town caught his eye even before he entered the city limits standing there like a lone monolith. He headed his pickup toward the downtown area and was thoroughly impressed the closer he got to the magnificent structure standing there in all of its abandoned glory. He parked his pickup right in front of it and got out knowing that he would have to buy it.
	Mike was known to his family and friends as the “luckiest son of a bitch in the world.” He had always had a good business head on him and made stacks of money with his various investments, but what really put him over the top was being the sole winner in the big multi-state power ball game with a 95 million dollar jackpot when he was 33 years old. That was ten years ago and since then Mike had made hundreds of good investments and each of them had paid off. 
	At this point in his life he was worth well over 250 million, but to look at him, no one would ever know it. He dressed in faded blue jeans and a t-shirts. He did not live an extravagant lifestyle. He was always down to earth mainly because he had come from a poor family with parents that had to work for every dime that they got. Sure, he always drove a new pickup, had a nice motor boat and lived in a beautiful home, but that was about elaborate as he got.
	
	The for sale sign on the hotel’s front doors had a number and Mike dialed it on his cell phone and waited for an answer. 	“Troutman and Associates,” a voice answered.
	“Hello, this is Mike Owens. I’m standing here in front of the Grand Hotel in Mystic, Texas; I’m interested in buying this property. Who do I talk to and don’t ya’ll have someone here that can come down and show it to me?”

	Craig Bonds was at the hotel in less than an hour to show Mike the property. Troutman and Associates had been in possession of the Grand for the past eight years and they were eager to get rid of it. In the beginning it was thought that the hotel was a great investment and could be sold for a sizable profit, but they found out differently. The economy in Mystic was terrible, business were failing, and one of the two factories had shut its doors and had moved to Mexico, the other was hanging by a thread. There was no work to speak of here and people were moving on to live somewhere else.
	Mike, of course, had already thought of all of the downfalls, but he was sure that he could generate some business there.  “What’s the price tag on a place like this?” he asked Craig.
	“35 million,” he answered certain that Mike could not afford the price. He thought Mike was just another curious soul looking at something that he could not have.
	He shook his head. “No way, I mean, look at the place. If your company had spent a little on the upkeep and maybe done a few improvements, I could see asking that price for it, but it’s obvious that ya’ll haven’t done a damn thing to it other than let it sit here and rot away.” Mike said looking Craig over. “Did you bring a key? I wanna see the inside.”
	Craig sighed and pulled the keys out of his pocket. He really saw no point on going on any further; he was not interested in being Mike’s tour guide through the grand old structure. He opened the door and stepped into the lobby.
	Mike walked in after him looking around at the arched Spanish style doorways thinking of how magnificent it would be with a few repairs. He could almost see the place brought back to its former glory in his mind. “Tell your boss that I’ll give him 25 million for it today and that I am prepared to write you a check right now.”
	Craig was stunned. “Uh, just let me step outside to use my phone so I can get a clear signal,” he said as he started making his way out the door.
	Mike watched him leave. “Son of a bitch,” he said under his breath. He just did not like that little weasel. He turned his attention to the hotel lobby. First things first, he would get the outside and lobby remodeled first. There were five storefronts outside, he would fix those and get them rented out. The restaurant needed to be refurbished and opened. The ballroom needed to be opened and he would book bands to play there on the weekends.
	Craig came through the front door with a little smile on his face.  “Mister Troutman accepts your offer.”
	Mike gave him a quick nod. “I’ll write you a check.”
	“Yes, sir,” Craig smiled as Mike walked past him to go to his truck. He was relieved to finally get rid of the hotel. He would never have to drive out from Fort Worth again to show the place to potential customers although there was never really that many to begin with. He just hated the town of Mystic. 
	“Would you like for me to show you the rest of the hotel?” he asked as Mike returned with the check.
	Mike shook his head no. “That won’t be necessary.” He would explore the grand old building by himself; that way he could plan what improvements he wanted to make without having to contend with Craig Bonds. “I’ll take it form here,” he said. “When you get back to the office, tell Mister Troutman that I would like the paperwork expedited. Just remember how quick you got your check.”
	“Yes, sir,” he smiled and held his hand out for Mike to shake. “It’s been a pleasure meeting you, sir.”
	“You take care now,” he said to rush him along. “Give me a call when the paperwork is done.”
	Craig smiled and walked out the door to his car. Mike sighed relief once he was gone and walked over to the staircase door. It was time to go exploring.

	Mike found another ballroom at the very top of the hotel fittingly called the Cloud Room; he could just imagine Ray Wylie Hubbard playing there to a group of rowdy fans. He stepped through the glass door and walked out on the roof and surveyed his new property from there. Despite all of the much needed repairs, he was happy with his purchase. He turned and walked back inside of the Cloud Room; ideas were flooding his mind, he could have a band playing in the first floor ballroom, one in the Cloud Room, the restaurant and bar open and everyone having a great time eating, drinking, swimming and listening to great live music. When it was all finished, there would be no need to go anywhere else during guest’s stay at the Grand.

	Floor by floor, Mike was working his way back down to the lobby inspecting each of the guest rooms as he went along. The amount of work needing to be done was overwhelming not to mention the expense of it all. Carpets, televisions, mattress sets, new furnishings and bathrooms fixtures was just a partial list of some of the things he would need. He estimated that it would take another 25 to 30 million dollars to get the hotel in operating order and he wanted it to be nothing short of spectacular. 
	On the 7th floor he entered a grand suite of rooms that could have only been intended for the hotel manager or owner. It was the largest of all the suites with six rooms. Each of the doors and windows were arched in the Spanish style. This would be his residence while at the Grand he thought as looked around imagining how he would fix it up. 
	He would have to hire at least four construction crews and wondered if the small town of Mystic had that many workers that were willing to work. He would put one crew to work in the lobby, the second crew would start with the Cloud Room, and he wanted another on the 7th to refurbish his suite and one crew to work on the exterior of the place. He would have to call someone that specialized in swimming pool repair, not to mention someone that worked on elevators. 
	His mind was bogged down in details; he would have to have the power turned on, get the phone company out there. His mind was several days ahead of the here and now when he stepped back out in the hall where the strong smell of chocolate filled the air. The sweet aroma pulled him from his thoughts as he suddenly remembered the smell when he was a boy and his mother would make candy in her kitchen.
	“Chocolate?” he asked himself as took a few steps down the hall. He could understand the musty smells throughout the old hotel, but chocolate? Why would he be smelling chocolate?


















Chapter 3

	Within a few days the saws were buzzing, hammers were beating and the smell of paint inside the hotel lobby filled the air. There was a parade of carpenters, plumbers, electricians and all of their helpers everywhere around the Grand. High on top of the hotel, roofers worked to put the new roof on and get the leaks stopped so there would be no more water damage from the rains. Things were coming along nicely and much faster than Mike had anticipated.
	His suite on the 7th floor was completed first and he went inside for an inspection. It was perfect, he could now get out of the dingy motel that he was currently staying and move in. He walked over to the window and looked down at the pool. The workers were gone since it was past quitting time, but they had made a lot of progress in the past few days. The pool itself was finished and was being filled with water. All that remained to be done was some stone work and a few repairs in the lounge area. 
	It was then that she caught his eye; it looked like a woman laying there in an awkward position on the ground near the pool area entrance. Mike quickly opened the window and yelled down at her, but there was no response. He turned and rushed out the door to the elevator wanting to know who was on his property so he could confront them. 
	When he got to the lobby, he ran to the doors that led to the pool entrance, standing on the veranda, he looked out to where the woman was laying on the ground, there was no one there. He walked on out to the pool area and looked in all directions, there was no sign of anyone. He thought of getting some no trespassing signs and posting them, but changed his mind thinking that they were tacky.
	 
	Mike went inside the hotel and rode the elevator back to the 7th floor to his suite. The first thing he noticed when he stepped out into the hall from the elevator was the strong smell of chocolate. He wondered, just where in the hell is that smell coming from? He looked down the hall to his left and up the hall to his right and saw nothing. His curiosity was going to drive him crazy if he didn’t find out. He turned right and started walking all the way down to the end the hall where he began checking the rooms; it was a great time to make an inspection since the floor supervisor had told him that all of the rooms on the 7th floor were near completion. 
	Each of the rooms was freshly painted with new bathroom fixtures and was ready for the carpet and furniture. He was very satisfied with the work that the men had done. He went right past his suite on his inspection; the chocolate smell was still there, but no quite as strong. 
	The chocolate aroma seemed to be mainly in the hall and it was stronger on down toward the end of the hall, but he continued looking in each of the rooms, Mike knew that there had to be something somewhere that would produce such an aroma. Perhaps it was something in the air conditioning.  
	After two hours and looking and inspecting the rooms, it was well after dark by the time he reached the last room. He opened the door and walked inside, the smell of chocolate was strong, but the room was empty. Seeing a glass on the windowsill he stepped over to the window and picked it up and saw that there was lipstick on the edge of it. So, that was it, someone on the construction crew had a woman up there during the day and was entertaining instead of working during his shift. He took the glass with him and stepped back out into the hall. As he was walking toward the suite all of the lights suddenly went off. 
	It was overwhelming how dark the Grand was a night with no lights, Mike couldn’t see a thing as he stretched out his hands feeling his way down the hall in the darkness. In front of him was a wall of blackness as he slowly made his way down the hall that was devoid of any light. Knowing that the elevator would not work without electricity, he turned back around and started for the end of the hall where he was because the stairwell was located on the opposite side of the hall from the room where he had found the glass. 
	With no depth perception at all, he stepped over his left until he could feel the wall and with his fingertips of his left hand touching it, he walked on until he could feel the door on the left at the end of the hall. He opened the door and feeling the wall with his right hand, he slowly made his way down the first flight of steps. Knowing that he had to concentrate, he tried to keep count of the steps on the stairs. There were ten, then turn and ten more. That would be one floor. 
	He started on the 7th floor and he would have to go to the basement for the electric panel. He wondered how he would even be able to find that in the darkness because he was uncertain of where it even was. Deciding that it would be best just to make his way to the lobby where could at least have some light from the city lights through the windows, he slowly climbed down the flights of stairs. When he made it to what he thought should be the first floor, he felt for the doorknob, opened the door and stepped out into the lobby. He sighed his relief as he could see a little bit of light and made his way out the front doors. 	“Somebody’s gonna get their ass chewed for this,” he said to himself as he stepped out on the veranda and headed to his pickup so he could go to his motel room.
	
	Jim, the electrical contractor, Richard, the construction contractor, and Carlos, the outside construction contractor found themselves in Mike’s office in the lobby of the hotel early the next morning. 	“I had a hell of a night last night,” Mike began, “and so I am going to start at the beginning. Carlos, make double damned sure that your men lock the fence gate out there at the pool in the evening and secure everything. I saw a woman goofing around out there yesterday evening after everybody left. I went down there to tell her that she was trespassing, but she was gone before I could get down there. I know that there’s a lot of people around town here that is curious about what we’re doing here and I damned sure don’t want somebody screwin’ around here and getting hurt.”
	“Yes, sir,” Carlos agreed. “I’ll tell them to make sure that everything is locked up.”
	Mike then turned to Richard. “Your guys are doing a great job up there on the 7th floor. My suite looks great as does the rest of the floor. However, one of your men is screwin’ off. I was making an inspection up there last night a found that one of your men had a woman in one of the rooms yesterday.” He held up the glass with the lipstick smear on it. “I found this in the room and I think this is bullshit. You know good and well I don’t want anybody in this hotel that don’t work here and if this happens again, heads are gonna roll.”
	“I’ll find out who it was and when I do find out, I’ll guarantee that it won’t happen again,” Richard told him.
	Mike nodded in agreement. “Okay, you guys get out of here and get your crews to work.” They stood up to leave and when they had gone, he looked over at Jim. “Jim, you got any idea just how dark this son of a bitch gets at night when the lights go out?”
	Jim shook his head no.
	“Well, I do, I’ve got some firsthand experience in it and I want you to have your men fix this so the damned switches won’t be flipping off. I want an emergency generator installed just in case of power outages and I want the damned elevators to work no matter what. It’s bullshit to be making your way down from the 7th floor in a total blackout.”
	“I agree, Mike, I agree and we’ll gonna get that fixed.”

	Carlos confronted his crew about leaving the pool gate opened. All of them denied it and assured him that they did not. Richard’s crew also denied that any of them brought a woman on the 7th floor except for one. A worker named Refugio nervously stepped forward. “Can I show you something?” he asked Richard.
	Richard nodded and followed the young man down the hall to the last door on the right. Refugo entered the room, went inside and walked over to the windowsill where he picked up a glass with a lipstick smear on the edge and brought it over to Richard. “This wasn’t in here when I left yesterday.”
	Richard was puzzled when he looked down at the glass in disbelief. It was identical to the one that Mike had sitting on his desk and knew that the glass that Mike had found was from this same room.

	Jim was in the basement putting new switches in the row of electrical panels when he heard a woman in high heels walk up behind him. He hurried to get the switch in place so he could turn around and face her. “Can I help you?” he asked only to find that no one was there when he turned around. 













Chapter 4

	Mike looked up from his paperwork and was glad to see Richard standing in his office doorway because he had a chore for some of the guys in his crew. “Richard, would you get a couple of your boys to carry my stuff up to the room?” 
	Richard held up the glass that Refugio had shown him. “I just wanted to compare this to the glass that you have sitting on your desk.”
	“Where’d you get that?” Mike asked looking the glass over. 
	“7th floor. Same room that you found your’s in. Refugio found it this morning. He said that it wasn’t there yesterday when he left.”
	Mike took the glass from him and sat it down on his desk next to the other one to compare them. They were identical even down to the lipstick smear. “What do you think?”
	“Hell, I don’t know.”
	Mike looked around the office thinking and then back to the glasses. “Maybe there were two of them last night and I only saw the one.”
	“Maybe.”
	“That has to be it. It’s either that or there’s a woman staying in this hotel somewhere and that’s unlikely.”
	“Very unlikely,” Richard told him. “Nobody could be stayin’ in here with all the people and commotion goin’ on everyday. Hell, somebody would see ‘em sooner or later.”
	Mike shrugged and smiled. “It just has to be that there were two glasses there and I only picked up one of them. But you know what bothers me?”
	“What’s that?”
	“Who put ‘em there.”
	“I can’t figure that part out.”
	“I can. Some of the workers are lyin’ to us and somebody snuck their wife or girlfriend in here for a little afternoon delight.” He shook his head and smiled. “You know, it’s not like I really give a damn, it’s just that they are on my time when they’re here.”
	“I understand completely,” Richard agreed.
	“Keep a close eye on your men,” Mike said looking over at him. 
	“I’ll do that.” 
	Richard left the office to return to the 7th floor leaving Mike alone there with his thoughts. After a few moments, he got up and walked through the lobby and out the front door. There was a coffee shop across the street from the hotel. It would be a good time from him to introduce himself and have a cup of coffee. 
	“Good morning,” the waitress who appeared to be in her late forties greeted as he walked through the front door of the shop. 
	“Coffee,” he smiled as he sat down at the bar. 
	The woman poured him a cup. “I saw you come across the street from the hotel,” she said looking him over. “Busy place over there.”
	“Yes, yes, it is,” he smiled looking around the coffee shop. He noticed that they also sold sandwiches at lunch.
	“Well, I’m glad someone is gonna do something with the old place. It sure has helped my business out since they started work on it. Some of the workers come over here and eat lunch.” The woman turned around and lit a cigarette not knowing or caring if Mike minded. She took a long drag and exhaled. “Before they started work over there, my busiest days were the weekend. Nobody ever came around much during the week, but on the weekends, that’s when the curiosity seekers come to town to look at the Grand. People come from all over the state just to walk around it and snap pictures.”
	“It is an awesome building,” Mike smiled.
	“Sure is. I hear the rich bastard that bought it is gonna fix it up even better than it was when it first opened.”
	“I heard that too,” Mike grinned knowing that the woman had no idea that he was the rich bastard that bought it.
	“I’m sure it will bring a lot of business into town. The same crazy bastards that come to take pictures of it while it’s closed will certainly come to stay in it when it’s opened,” she said taking another puff off her cigarette. “They’ll all want to come stay at the haunted hotel.”
	“Haunted?” Mike was curious.
	“You damned right, haunted,” the woman chuckled. “The damned place gives me the creeps just looking at it, that’s why I don’t even look over there much. You should hear some of the stories of what went on in that place when it was open. Makes my skin crawl just thinkin’ about it.”
	“Any personal experiences?” Mike asked. He really wasn’t interested in hearing all of the yarns from the past that had gotten bigger over the years, but he did want to know if the woman had ever seen or heard anything.
	 “You mean what I’ve seen with my own eyes?”
	Mike nodded.
	“Well, like everybody else around here, I was always fascinated with the old place. Me and my Mama opened this business in 1974 and back then, of course, it was closed then, it’s never been opened since I’ve been here,” she explained. “But back then I thought it was a majestic building and I would look over at it every morning. Then one morning, I noticed one of the windows was open, then the next day, it was shut and another window was open. I made a note of which one it was and everyday, the one from the day before was shut another one was open and then one day as I was lookin’ over there trying to figure all of that out, I looked up and there was a woman up there several floors up looking down at me from the window. After that, I quit looking over there at all because I knew good and damn well that building was empty and locked up tighter than a jug.”
	“That’s interesting.”
	“You think that’s interesting?” she asked continuing on without missing a beat. “Have you noticed the little shops on the street level?”
	“Yes.”
	“Well, I knew a lady that ran one of those shops and she said that you could hear sounds coming from the hotel, such as dishes rattling from the kitchen area and even a band in the ballroom at certain times although it had been years since it had been opened. She used to laugh about it and it brought her a lot of customers over the years. She finally closed her doors and moved out. She’s retired now.”
	Mike finished the rest of his coffee and smiled at the lady. “Well, thank you, it’s been quite an education. By the way, what’s you name?”
	“Shirley, Shirley Fincel,” she smiled.
	“Well, Shirley, I’m pleased to meet you. My name is Mike Owens. I work over at the old hotel now and I promise that I’m going to run all the spooks off from around there. After all, I’m the rich bastard that bought it.”
	Shirley was obviously embarrassed from her earlier remarks. “Oh, I’m sorry, sir, I didn’t mean to call you any names.”
	“That’s okay,” he laughed. “Shirley, I hope we can be good friends.” 
	Good friends? Fat chance of that happening, Shirley thought as he walked out. Here he was some rich son of a bitch with money to throw away on an old hotel in dire need of repair and was willing to spend millions of dollars to get it done and when it was finished, it would have a posh restaurant and most certainly a fancy coffee bar that would put Starbucks to shame. Not to mention that it would put her modest little place out of business or so Mr. Moneybags thought. And he wants to be friends? Not hardly, not in this lifetime, she had worked there in this little dive for all of these years and she wasn’t going to give up so easily.





















Chapter 5

	Juanita Soto was nervous as she walked inside Mike’s office for her job interview. She was a heavy set, middle aged woman who had lived in Mystic all of her life and had three grown children. The youngest was a daughter that was a senior in high school. She had been a stay at home mom for all of those years while her husband worked, but now that she had raised her kids, it was time for her to get out and get a job. She wanted her own money, she wanted a life of her own other than being a housewife.
	“So, you’ve never worked anywhere before?” Mike asked looking over her application.
	“No, sir, I have not,” she answered knowing that was probably not the answer that he wanted to hear.
	“So, can you clean?”
	“Yes, sir.”
	“Are you good at it?”
	“I keep my house spotless and I have raised three kids in it. Why don’t you come on over to my house and then you can tell me if I’m good at it,” she told him.
	Mike looked up at her and smiled. “I’m looking for someone who can keep this place spotless.”
	“Well, it’s a big place but I can do it,” Juanita told him thinking that it was too big of a place for one person. In fact, it would be impossible, but she was willing to work at it.
	“Don’t worry, I’ll hire some help for you,” he grinned as if he were reading her mind. “In fact, what I had in mind is this; I want you to be a supervisor. I want you to be in charge of the housecleaning department. I’ll hire you a crew for each floor and you’ll be in charge of them.” He pushed his chair back from his desk. “Come on; let me take you on a little tour of the place.”
	Growing up in Mystic, Juanita had heard all of the scary stories of the Grand Hotel, but she didn’t let that bother her. As she walked through the newly remodeled lobby with Mike she thought all of that talk was just superstition. How could there be any ghosts here? Especially with all of the workers milling around doing their different jobs.
	As they walked along through the hotel, Juanita listened to all of Mike’s hopes and dream for the place. They ended the tour back in the lobby and Juanita told him that she would be able to start to work the next day and promised that she would do him a good job.
	Mike smiled and shook her hand knowing that she would do her best.

	
	With the day over and the crews gone, Mike went up to his suite on the 7th floor and once again smelled the faint smell of chocolate as he stepped out of the elevator. He opened the door to his suite and went inside leaving the door open. He was impressed with the way the boys had fixed up the place and with the way it looked. He walked on into the bedroom and when he saw the new mattress on the bed, he remembered that he needed to order sheets. 	A hint of the chocolate smell entered the room and Mike thought of going down to the last room on the right down the hall to see if there was a glass there. He just had to prove to himself that there wasn’t a woman, an empty glass or any chocolates there.
	He left the suite and was walking down the hall to the last room on the right when he heard what he thought was a distant scream. He stopped in his tracks and listened, but couldn’t hear anything. Thinking that he must be hearing things, he continued on down the hall and just as he was about the open the door to the room, he heard the scream again. This time, he was certain that he heard it and quickly ran for the elevator. Just as he stepped inside and pushed the button for the lobby, he heard it again, only this time it was louder. 
	Upon his arrival at the lobby, Mike heard nothing but silence and the sounds of his own footsteps as he walked through the lobby on the marble floor. By the time he reached to front desk he had decided that he was hearing things and shrugged it off as nothing but his imagination. That was the only logical explanation; here he was in a giant, empty hotel after hours and all alone. What else could it be other than his imagination?
	Seeing some papers that he had left on the front desk and remembering that he had meant to sign them, he walked over to the desk. While he was standing there signing the papers he heard the sound of a woman walking across the hard floor wearing high heels. Thinking that he must have left the lobby door open he turned around with a smile to greet her, but there was no one there, but there was a strong fragrance of perfume. “Hello?” he called out with his voice echoing throughout the lobby. Surely, she must have seen me standing here, he thought. 
	Just then, he heard the sounds of some dishes rattle toward the kitchen. Curious, he walked in that direction to see who or what it could be. There was no one in the dining room and so he walked on to the kitchen, there was nobody there. There was a possibility that it sounds must have come from the ballroom, he walked in there. Once again, the place was empty. He then turned back and went to the lobby to check the doors, they were all locked.
	Mike was feeling rather agitated as he stood there looking out the front doors wondering what in the world he could have heard. He was almost convinced that there was a woman somewhere in this hotel with him and she was playing tricks on him. It only made sense. The perfume, the chocolate smell, the high heel sounds walking across the floor and last but not least, the glasses with the lipstick smear on them. Who in the hell was she? Where did she come from? What was she doing here? Those were all questions that were in his mind and he didn’t know the answers to any of them, but, by golly, he was going to find out. 
	He turned and walked to the elevator, the doors were closed and he pressed the button. Much to his surprise, the elevator doors did not immediately open. Why not? He was the only person there to use the elevator and he certainly knew that no one had used it since he had gotten out just a few minutes before. He looked up to the lighted door panel on top to the elevator door and was surprised to see that it said the elevator was on the 14th floor. Impatiently, he stood there waiting for it to reach the lobby and soon as it did, he got in and pushed the button for the 14th floor. 
	After a few impatient moments the elevator doors opened with a ding and he stepped out into the ballroom on the top floor. No one was there. He stepped out onto the balcony and looked in both directions, no one there. Mike was bewildered. Why would the elevator come to this floor unoccupied? The last rays of light from the setting sun caught his eye as he stood there and he paused there long enough to see it disappear over the horizon. He looked back around thinking that the woman had to be here somewhere and walked over to the railing and looked down at the swimming pool below. There she was laying there on the ground in the very same spot and in the same awkward position as before.
	“Hey,” Mike shouted down as loud as he could. “Get off my property!”
	The woman did not move.
	“I’m callin’ the cops!” He took his cell phone out of his pocket and dialed 9-1-1 and waited, but there was no answer. He looked at the phone’s screen and saw that there was no signal and then looked back down at the woman who was still laying there on the ground. He took off running back to the elevator in the ballroom and once again when he pressed the button, the elevator was not there. This time, it was on the 7th floor and when it did arrive to the 14th floor, Mike rushed in and pushed the button for the lobby. The doors closed quickly and the elevator went to the 7th floor and stopped. It wasn’t until he had stepped out of the elevator that he realized that he was on the wrong floor. By the time that he turned around the doors has closed and would not open again no matter how many times he pressed the button. He looked up and saw that it was in the lobby. 
	Mike rushed into his suite and picked up the phone to call the police and while he was doing so, he looked out his window at the pool below and saw that they woman was no longer there on the lawn. He pitched the phone down and went out the door going down the hall to the last room on the right and opened the door. There was no one in there, but there was a glass with a lipstick smear on the edge sitting there in the window sill.
	Determined to catch the woman, he ran back down the hall to the elevator and pressed the button. The elevator was still on the lobby floor and started up, but suddenly, the power went off and Mike was once again standing in total darkness.
	He slowly turned and felt his way back into his suite and once there, felt his way over to the kitchen cabinet where had put a flashlight earlier in the day. “You ain’t trickin’ my ass again,” he said to himself as he grabbed the flashlight and turned it on. 
	Mike went down the hall to the stairwell and started making his way down to the basement. Once there, he went to the panel boxes and flipped the switches back to on. The lights all came back on and he walked back to the lobby, all was quiet. 	Exhausted, he went back to his suite on the 7th floor, went inside and locked the door. If there was a woman inside the hotel, she could just stay inside there; he was too tired to care anymore. He fell across the bed wanting nothing more than a good night’s sleep.



















Chapter 6

	Mike was sitting on the front desk in the lobby early the next morning watching all of the employees come in to start work. Juanita was all smiles as she walked in ready for her first day, it was 7:30 and she didn’t need to be there until 8. 
	“How are you this morning, Mister Owens?” she asked happy and excited to be there.
	“Fine, Juanita.”
	“Where do you want me to start?” she asked eager to get to work.
	“Just find a seat somewhere,” he told her not wanting to deal with her chores at the moment, he had more important matters on his mind. “I’ll be with you in a few minutes.”
	Jim came walking in and saw Mike sitting there on the front desk. He could tell something was wrong, it was written on Mike’s face.
	“Jim, come on in my office,” he said quickly as he hopped down from the desk. “There’s something that I want to talk to you about.”
	Jim followed him inside the office. 	
	 “Shut the door.”
	Jim did what he was told and turned around to face Mike wondering what the problem could be.
	“You know, Jim, when I hire someone to do a job for me, I expect that job to be done,” Mike began after he sat down in his chair. “I’m not a hard man to work for and I’m not all that hard to please. I don’t care if people have fun while they’re working for me; hell, I like to laugh and cut up as much as the next guy, but dammit to hell, I expect them to do their job and do it right.”
	“What’s this all about, Mike?’ Jim asked. He had never seen Mike this way before.
	“I’ll tell you what it’s all about,” Mike raised his voice. “It’s about you not doing your job properly. My god, man, you’re an electrical contractor and you can’t even keep the damned lights from going out in here at night!”
	“What?”
	“That’s right; the damned power went off in here last night…again! That’s bullshit, Jim! Luckily, I had taken a flashlight up to my suite yesterday and if I hadn’t have done that; I would have been feelin’ my way back down the staircase from the 7th floor to the basement. I’ll tell you this; every damned switch in the panel boxes was off!”
	Jim shook his head as if he didn’t understand. “I put all new switches in there yesterday! There must be something causing them to trip and whatever it is, it’s big and it’s a big fire hazard.”
	“Find it. And I want that emergency generator fully functional today,” Mike demanded. “You either get this shit fixed or I’ll find somebody that can.”
	“I’ll get it fixed,” Jim was insulted and thought the rich son of a bitch was being a complete ass. He’s lucky I don’t knock the shit out of him, he thought. He was through talking and Mike was apparently through bitching, so he turned and left the office.
	Juanita saw him storm out of Mike’s office and knew that they must have had words. She sat there thinking that Mike would be out in a moment to show her where he wanted her to get started, but she was wrong. He stayed in his office with the door closed for over an hour.
	When Mike did emerge from his office he was in a better mood. He took Juanita to his suite and showed her around the 7th floor. “This is where I live and I want you to fix it up for me just like home. I’m gonna give you a credit card and whatever you need, you go get.”
	“Yes, sir.”

	“Good morning,” Mike greeted Shirley Fincel as he walked inside her coffee shop and sat down at the bar. “How are you this morning?”	
	“I’m fine, how are you?” she asked as she brought his coffee to him.
	“Aw, employees, that’s enough to drive you crazy. You know everybody wants a job these days and when you give ‘em one, they either don’t want to do it or they don‘t wanna do it right.”
	“That seems to be the way of the world these days,” she said, but she didn’t have that problem. She didn’t have any employees; she did all the work herself.  
	Mike rubbed his face and then took a sip of coffee. “I’m tired, didn’t get much sleep last night.” He looked up at Shirley and smiled. “You know what I need when I get the hotel opened up?”
	She shook her head no.
	“I need a coffee shop and breakfast bar.”
	“You think?” She knew that he would bring competition to her place of business, she had always thought that.
	“Are you interested?”
	“What about this place?”
	“Close it down or leave it open, I don’t care. If you had a shop inside the hotel, you could keep it open for as many hours as you want. You’d always have some business twenty-four hours a day.”
	Shirley was considering his offer.
	“Well, you go ahead and just think about it. There’s no hurry.” He sipped down the last of his coffee and stood up. “I’ll see you tomorrow, Shirley,” he said and walked out.

	As tempting as his offer was, Shirley was having some negative thoughts about moving her coffee shop to the hotel. Her main reason was the hotel itself, she was scared of the place. She knew about the accidents and suicides there. The most fascinating of these stories to her was about the woman who had jumped from the window of her corner room on the 7th floor. It was rumored that she was distraught from a love affair that had gone bad. Although Shirley had never seen the woman because she had jumped to her death in the 1930s, she had always heard that the woman was beautiful and always smelled of sweet perfume. It was also said that the woman had a weakness for chocolates and that several boxes of gourmet chocolates were found in her room along with some bottles of expensive wine. She was the mistress of the hotel owner back in those days.
	The were also the stories of murders that had taken place there. The most popular one was that there was a chef who came to Mystic from Dallas to manage the restaurant. He had left his family to work at the Grand and while he was there, he started an affair with a waitress. Later, the chef sent for his family to come to Mystic and when he told the waitress that the affair was over, they argued and a fight ensued. The chef stabbed the woman repeatedly with a knife and decapitated her. He put her body in the freezer and threw her head in a large bowl of gelatin that was to be used for dessert later that day at dinner.
	There were other stories about the Grand, most of them were bad. Shirley didn’t have time to think about them, she had customers coming in.

	Juanita was busily working in Mike’s suite when she began to smell a strong aroma of chocolate. She wondered where the smell could be coming from and searched the rooms, but found nothing. She stepped out in the hall, the chocolate aroma was gone, but the smell of sweet perfume filled the air. She looked up and down the hall, but saw no one. The entire floor was quiet, the only sounds that could be heard was on the 8th floor where the carpenters were busily working. 
	She felt a cool breeze coming down the hall to her right and she thought that one of the carpenters must had left a window open in one of the rooms that they were working on from the day before. She walked down the hall feeling the breeze and came to the last door on the right. The door ajar and she walked in the room to find that the window was, in fact, open. She walked over to close it and found a glass sitting on the windowsill. After she had closed the window, she picked the glass up and noticed the lipstick smear on the edge of it. 
	She wondered if Mr. Owens had someone up here last night, she knew it was none of her business, but that would explain the smell of perfume. Carrying the glass with her, she walked out of the room. The smell of the perfume was gone and she returned to the suite, as was the chocolate aroma. She closed the door and went to the elevator so she could take the glass to the kitchen downstairs. Remembering that she had seen a couple of the glasses just like it in Mike’s office, she stopped by to get them. He was out somewhere, so she went inside, picked up three more glasses and went to the kitchen to wash them.

Chapter 7

	Jim was in the basement busily working on getting the emergency generator installed and fully operational. His crew had gone to lunch, but he was working through the break because he wanted to get Mike off of his back. The crew had worked all morning searching for the problem in the electrical system that would cause all the circuit breakers in the panels to flip and found nothing. 
	As he was connecting another series of wires he heard footsteps coming up behind him. He turned around and saw Mike. “Jim, I’m sorry I yelled at you this morning and I hope that you don’t have any hard feelings. It’s just so frustrating, you know?”
	Jim stood up and smiled at him. “I understand.”
	“I’m here to tell you that this old place gets pretty darn dark at night with no electricity,” Mike grinned. “It’s enough to freak me out.”
	“I’ll bet that’s right,” Jim agreed nodding his head. “I never was one that enjoyed total blackout. Especially in a place like this.”
	“So, no hard feelings then?” 
	Jim shook his head no. “Mike, I understand, you’re paying me a lot of money to get the job done here and for the lights to go out every night is just damned unacceptable. I just want you to know that me and my crew are workin’ on it and I’ve just about got this thing wired in and so from now on, the lights should never go completely out again.”
	Mike was glad that Jim wasn’t upset with him for his earlier outburst, he felt bad for chewing him out, and it really wasn’t his nature to do so. “I just came down to apologize. Hey, I gotta get on back to the lobby, I got some interviews to do this afternoon, I’m gonna hire some cooks and wait staff this afternoon to run the restaurant.”
	Jim nodded. “See ya later then.”
	Mike turned and started back to the lobby and Jim continued on with his work. After a few minutes he began to smell the smoke of a cigar. He turned around to see who could be in the basement with him and saw no one, but the smell lingered on. He tried to think of anyone that he might have seen smoking a cigar over the past few days and no one came to mind. The cigar smell intensified and began to change into a putrid odor that was so sickening that Jim had to throw up. He left the basement and went outside for some fresh air. He slowly walked around the grounds and looked up at the massive structure. It was then that he saw a woman looking out one of the windows at him. She appeared to be on the 7th floor. Jim stood there looking up at her for a few moments wondering who in the world she could be. It didn’t concern him much, Mike was hiring people right and left, there was getting to be so many people at the hotel that it was hard to tell who was who. He looked down to see where he was walking and when he glanced back up at the window, the woman was gone.
	By the time he went back to the basement, the putrid odor was gone, so was the cigar smell. He went back to work and within a few minutes, his crew came back from their lunch break. 

	Mike fell across his bed physically and mentally exhausted from the activities of the day. It felt good to flop down on a neatly made bed. He looked around the bedroom and noticed that Juanita had even hung drapes. The only problem with that was he didn’t want drapes; he liked to look out the window. It wasn’t like someone could see inside his room seven floors up. He rolled off the bed and stood up to go open them. It was already dark outside and he stood there for a couple of minutes looking out at the lights of Mystic. He walked back over to the bed and after he had taken off his clothes, he pulled the covers back and lay down on the crisp clean sheets that she had put on the bed. He reached over and pressed the button to turn off the lamp. It was time to go to sleep.
	He suddenly awoke from a dream and sat up in the bed trying to remember what it was about, but couldn’t recall any of it. For some strange reason he couldn’t shake the feeling that he was not alone in the room. Reaching over and turning on the lamp he could see that there was no one there, but he could smell the faint scent of perfume. 
	He got out of bed, walked through the suite to the door and stepped out in the hall, there was nothing there. Mike could still smell the perfume and could feel a draft, if not a light breeze coming down the hall. He walked down the hall to the last door on the right to investigate and after finding that the door was ajar, stepped inside and saw that the window had been left open. He went over to shut it and as he was closing it he noticed a glass sitting on the window sill. Picking it up he could see the lipstick smear on it. Shaking his head, he turned and left the room. 
	He stepped back in the hall and closed the door. As he started back to his suite, he started smelling chocolate again. He heard the sound of a faint scream and rushed over to the elevator, pressed the call button. As the doors opened, he heard the scream again even more clearly. He pushed the button for the lobby and it was there in no time. The doors opened and as he stepped out he heard a loud, clear and very near scream. It wasn’t just a scream; it was a horrible scream that sounded like it came from the restaurant.
	Mike rushed past the front desk and around the corner toward the restaurant and froze in his tracks as looked on in horror at a decapitated head that was crying, sobbing and sitting on a heaping pile of what appeared to be lime colored gelatin. It was a woman’s head, there was blood matted in her long hair and running down the pile of green gelatin. She looked over at him and let out a bloodcurdling scream that was so loud that it hurt his ears.
	“That son of a bitch killed me,” she cried hysterically while Mike looked on in revulsion at the gruesome sight. “Help me find my body! Help me find my body!” She cut her eyes beyond Mike and let out an even more terrifying scream. 
	Mike glanced over his shoulder and saw a woman’s bloody, headless body wearing a waitress uniform walking past him toward the first floor ballroom. As the body walked past the corner the head on the gelatin screamed horrifically and suddenly disappeared.
	With the head suddenly disappearing, Mike quickly turned around to chase after the beheaded body that was walking toward the ballroom, but when he arrived there, it was nowhere to be found. Perplexed and wondering where the walking body could have gone, he heard another loud scream coming from the basement. It was a different scream from than the one before; it was deeper, like a man’s voice. He turned and ran to the basement as fast as he could.
	Upon his arrival in the basement, Mike heard the service elevator running and walked over into that direction to find a young man whose body had been severed at the waist crawling on the floor using his arms to move him along. His guts and blood were spilling out behind him as he crawled along.
	“I really screwed up this time,” he said looking up at a horrified Mike.
	Just then, the service elevator started running and Mike looked over to see the man’s waist and legs inside of it as it came to a stop in the basement.
	“Help me, please,” the young man pleaded as he crawled toward Mike who turned and ran as fast as he could out of the basement and to the front desk in the lobby to call 9-1-1, he dialed the phone, but there was no dial tone. He pitched the phone down and ran for the elevator. The doors did not immediately open and he looked up at the door panel and saw that the elevator was on the 7th floor on its way down. 
	When the elevator arrived, Mike got in and pressed the 7th floor button repeatedly so he could get to his suite and use his cell phone to call the cops. Instead of stopping on his floor, the elevator went all the way to the 14th floor. When the doors opened, Mike saw he was in the Cloud Room and the lights were on, but the ballroom was empty. Panicked, he pressed the button repeatedly for the 7th floor, but the elevator would not respond. He rushed out of the elevator to out to use the stairs. Just then; he clearly heard a woman’s voice call out. 	“Help, help me please,” she sobbed. 
	He ran out on the balcony and saw a beautiful young woman wearing evening apparel that was popular back in the 30s. She was clearly distraught over something as she looked over the railing. “What’s the matter?” Mike called out as he made his way toward her.
	She looked over at him crying with tears rolling down her face. “A lady just jumped over the edge,” she cried. “She was trying to jump in the pool from here!”
	Mike walked over to her and looked over the edge, but could see nothing in the darkness from that high up. “Come on, let’s get you inside,” he said calmly and cradled her around the shoulders and instantly, the ballroom was crowded with a band on the stage playing Moonglow and the dance floor was filled with couples dancing as soon as he touched her. It was as if his body was in a state of suspended animation as he stood there frozen and was taken back in time to 1934. He could not move, he could only stand there and watch as though he were inside of a three dimensional movie. 
	The young lady he had touched was there wearing the same evening apparel that he had first seen her in. She was laughing and talking with other people in a group of men and women. One of the women, who appeared to be in her twenties, was very intoxicated and talking boisterously. 	“I don’t care what you other sons of bitches think! Damnit, I’m an athlete, I used to be on the swim team in college and I can dive like a son of a bitch!” Everyone in the group laughed and she continued on, “And what I’m telling you is that I can dive off of this building into that swimming pool!”
	“That pool sits too far out from the hotel,” one of the men, apparently her husband, tried to reason with her.
	“Kiss my ass, it does not!”
	“It does, I’m telling you it does!”
	“I’ll give you ten bucks to try,” another man laughed.
	The drunken woman kicked off her shoes and ran over to the railing. None of people in the group actually thought she would jump, but when she balanced herself on top of the railing, she suddenly dove off. They all quickly ran over and looked down. It seemed that the man that was saying that the pool was too far away was right, her broken body was lying at least one hundred from the pool.
	The young woman turned to Mike and buried her face in his chest weeping uncontrollably holding him tightly. He was helpless to do anything, but stand there and smell her perfume since he still could not move. It was the same perfume that he had been smelling before.





Chapter 8
	
	Mike awoke the next morning and sat up on the edge of his bed thinking about being on the roof with the mysterious young woman, but couldn’t remember what they were doing there. As he stood up and walked toward the bathroom, he began to recall some of the other events of the night in what he considering being a strange dream. After taking his morning leak and flushing the commode, he wondered if it was a dream after all and as he turned around to brush his teeth at the vanity because there was a glass sitting there on the countertop with a lipstick smear on the edge.
	It had to be a dream he thought trying to convince himself as he got dressed and walked out the door to the elevator. He pressed the button for the lobby and once there, stepped out and immediately headed for the restaurant, there were no traces of any green gelatin or blood on the floor. Everything was normal. He went to the basement where he saw the upper body of the young man crawling across the floor and found nothing there.  He went over to the service elevator, no blood there either. 
	It had to have been a dream Mike thought as he walked back to the lobby. What else could it have been? But it seemed so real! He had nightmares before, but nothing like this one. He opened the lobby doors for the day and walked outside. He turned the corner and walked around the building to the pool. There was no woman’s body laying anywhere around on the lawn and he looked up to the spot where he had seen her jump off the 14th floor from the patio on the roof. There was nothing there. 
	What could have triggered this dream? He thought back going over the events of the past few days. Yes, there was the chocolate aroma and the perfume, but who knows what that could have been? There were the glasses, but someone had to have left them there and certainly not a ghost. He thought of Shirley Fincel, he had never even thought about the Grand being haunted until she put that notion in his head with her story of seeing a woman looking out the window at her. 
	If Shirley did indeed see a woman looking out the window at her, who was it? Could it be the beautiful young woman that Mike saw in the dream? Was she the one that was causing the chocolate and perfume smells and leaving the glasses with the lipstick lying around? Mike wondered all of these things as he headed for the coffee shop.
	“Good morning, Shirley,” he greeted as he walked inside the coffee shop and sat down in his usual spot at the bar.
	“How are you?” she asked as she brought a coffee over to him. “You’re a little early this morning.”
	“I’ve got a question for you,” he said as he put creamer in his coffee.
	“Okay.”
	“The other day when you were telling me about the woman that was looking out the window at you that time, I was wondering what she looked like.”
	Shirley looked at him with a puzzled look on her face. “Why would you ask me that?”
	“Just curious, just happen to think about it.”
	“I couldn’t really tell much about what she looked like. After all, she was several floors up.”
	“Was she young?”
	“I don’t know.”
	“What color was her hair?”
	“It was dark the best I could tell.”
	Mike nodded; the conversation was over as far as he was concerned because he had found out what he wanted to know. The woman’s hair was dark, just like the girl from his dream. Or was it a dream?

	Juanita came to work, but didn’t see Mike anywhere, so she went directly to the 7th floor to clean his suite. As she stepped out of the elevator she felt a cold draft coming down the hall. She walked down to the last room on the right and found the door ajar and when she stepped inside she that the window was open just like the day before. On the window sill was a glass just like the one she had found earlier. She shut the window, picked up the glass and went down the hall to Mike’s suite. 
	She opened the door and could smell the perfume and thought that perhaps he had a visitor again after hours. She walked inside and found that there were no messes of any kind which she thought was unusual for a man. She sat the glass down on the kitchen countertop and much to her surprise, there was one just like it already sitting there. She went back to the bedroom and found that the bed was neatly made and there was a small box of chocolates neatly placed on each pillow along with a long stem rose.  
	Juanita was puzzled that the place looked even better than it did the day before when she left it and thought that the girlfriend that he had over probably tidied up before she left. She went back out into the hall and got on the elevator to go back to the lobby. She would busy herself downstairs today she thought. There was plenty to do in the kitchen and ballroom. She stopped by Danny’s office to make sure that was where he wanted her work, but he still wasn’t there.

	Mike was outside walking around the grounds inspecting what Carlos and his crew had gotten done so far. The pool area looked fantastic and he was pleased that Carlos and the boys were going such a great job. “I’ll order the pool furniture today,” Mike said trying to get his mind off of the mysterious woman and the visions that he had seen the night before. He pulled out his cell phone as he was walking back to the entrance of the hotel and called Richard. “How’s it going this morning?”
	“I sent the guys up to the Cloud Room, there’s a lot of work to do there and I’m just putting the finishing touches on a few things down here in the basement,” Jim told him.
	“That’s great, Jim, I’ll talk to you later.” Just as he flipped his cell phone closed, he heard a scream from the top of the building and looked up just in time to see one of Jim’s crew falling through the air. He landed a few feet away; his head spit open like a watermelon when he hit the ground. Mike immediately called 9-1-1 on his cell and within a couple of minutes, the ambulance and police arrived, but there was no need to hurry, the man was killed instantly from the fall. 
	The conclusion of the police investigation was that the man had walked out on the roof of the bell tower to do something and clay tile roofing shingles slipped away causing him to lose his footing and he fell off over the railing to his death. That deduction was good enough for Mike, but he couldn’t understand how the man could have fallen out so far over the walkway there.




Chapter 9

	It was a welcome end to a dreadful day as far as Mike was concerned as he came home to his suite on the 7th floor. He felt terrible about accident and would definitely pay for the man’s funeral expenses plus make a considerable contribution to the grieving family. Jim had told him that the man had two little kids and that information made matters even worse. 
	He wondered how much money he would give to the young family and thought that it was just another added expense to the hotel which had cost him around 35 to 40 million so far. He went into the bedroom and looked out the window at the ground below where the man had fallen. Something was peculiar about the accident, but Mike just couldn’t pinpoint it. 
	Oh well, he thought turning around to start getting ready for a shower. A few minutes later he came out of the bathroom and walked over to the bed. It was then he noticed the little box of chocolates on each pillow and the roses. He sat the chocolates and the roses over on the bedside table thinking that Juanita had put them there and thought that it was a nice touch, but he wasn’t really interested in such things.
	He climbed under the covers and lay down in his bed relaxing in desperate need of sleep and hoping that he would not have any nightmares like the one from the night before. He sighed trying to clear his mind of all thoughts and troubles and in a few minutes, was sound asleep. It was a deep sleep with no dreams.
	The song, I Let A Song Go Out Of My Heart, was playing when Mike woke up. They must be playing that on the radio, he thought and then quickly sat up in bed. Wait a minute, I don’t have a radio! He sat there in bed looking around the room wondering where the sound was coming from. It was then that she appeared in the doorway wearing a long flowing nightgown and carrying a glass of wine in her hand. The beautiful, mysterious young lady was walking toward him in bed with a smile on her face. Her dark hair was neatly brushed and she never took her stunning green eyes off of him as she neared the bed.
	“Hey, sleepy head, it’s about time you woke up,” she smiled at him.
	It was anomalous, but Mike was not alarmed at all that a woman that he had only seen in a dream should be in his bedroom making conversation with him. A woman that could possibly be a ghost, but instead of being frightened, he was remarkably calm and relaxed. Yet, he was curious about her. Who was she? Why was she here? How did she get here? 
	“Who are you?” he managed to ask in his bewilderment.
	She took a sip of her wine and looked over at him flirtatiously. “You’re going to sit there and pretend that you don’t know me?”
	“I’m sorry, but I don’t.”
	“Well, I certainly know you, I’ve looked into your soul.”	Her feelings seemed to be hurt a little that he did not know her. “I thought you would find out a little bit more about me for yourself today, but since you didn’t, my name is Vivian, Vivian Hanson.” She slowly walked over and sat down on the edge of the bed with him.
	“You’re beautiful,” he told her looking at her mesmerized. He simply could not take his eyes off of her. 
	“Thank you,” she smiled over at him.
	“You’re her, aren’t you? The one that leaves the glasses lying around.”
	“Guilty,” she smiled and held up her glass of wine.
	“You’re responsible for the chocolate smells too,” he accused.
	She shrugged her shoulders smiling, “I suppose so.”
	“Why are you here?”
	“I live here.”
	“You don’t live here,” he shook his head. “I would know because I own the place.”
	“I lived here long before you owned it,” she answered truthfully.
	“You mean to tell me that you lived here, in an old empty hotel, before I bought the place?”
	“Yes.”
	“A beautiful young woman like you?”
	“Yes.”
	“Where did you live, in what room?”
	She innocently cut her eyes over to him and smiled. “You know.”
	“No, I don’t!”
	“Last room, down the hall on the right. Does that ring a bell?”
	Mike knew good and well nobody lived in that room since he owned the place. He saw its condition before it was remodeled; there wasn’t even a bed in there. “Oh, tell me another lie!” 	
	“I’m not fibbing,” she defended. “I’m telling the truth. “I’ve lived here for years and years. I was living here before you were ever born.”
	Mike looked at her closely inspecting each detail in her face. “You’re not a day over thirty. How could you say that? That’s impossible.” It was impossible he thought, but then, it was impossible that she was even in his room talking to him. Just like it was impossible to see her on the roof with a group of friends when the lady jumped to her death. There was a lot about Vivian that he didn’t understand, but he wanted to. He wanted to know everything about her, every detail.
	“You don’t like me?” she asked broodingly. Was it really a question or was it a statement?
	“Of course I do,” Mike answered quickly. She was the most fascinating woman that he had ever seen in his life. How could he not like her? He was spellbound by her. “I just want to understand you.”
	She sat her glass down on the beside table and as she moved closer to him. “Hold me,” she said looking in his eyes.
	Without hesitation, Mike took her in his arms and as he touched her, he was suddenly transported back in time to the first floor ballroom in 1933. It was just like before, he was frozen in time and was only there as a spectator. No one could see him, no one could hear him.
	Vivian and her Mother were eating dinner listening to the band playing the song, All Of Me, in the ballroom. A slender man with a three piece suit, who was obviously someone of importance, stepped up to their table. He was a dashing looking fellow with neatly combed sandy hair and a winning smile. “Mrs. Hanson, how are you this evening?” he smiled. “Have you found our magical waters here in Mystic to be soothing for your arthritis?”
	“Oh, very much so,” Mrs. Hanson beamed. “The past two weeks here have been absolutely divine. I’ve never felt better in my life. I only wish that we could stay longer, but my husband insists that we come home.”
	It was obvious that the man was either the hotel’s owner or manager; it was also obvious that he and Vivian were attracted to each other as he turned to speak with her. “Viv, may I see you later? After you‘re through with your dinner, of course.”
	Vivian looked over at her mother who nodded her approval. “Go ahead, dear, if you’re finished.”
	Vivian had gotten to know Ronnie Murray very well during her stay at the Grand with her mother; he began flirting with her the very first day they arrived. She agreed to have dinner with him on the second day which began a whirlwind romance. She stood up from her chair smiling as Ronnie offered his arm to escort her away. “Where shall we go, Mr. Murray?”
	“To the top of the world,” Ronnie Murray smiled. “To the top of the world.” He led her out of the ballroom through the lobby and to the elevator.
	 Later, they were standing on the roof of the hotel outside of the Cloud Room looking out at the lights of Mystic. “It is a beautiful evening,” Vivien commented.
	“It would be even more beautiful if you would stay here with me,” Ronny told her.
	“Stay?” she questioned. “Here with you? Are you proposing marriage or merely suggesting that we just shack up together?”
	“Well, we certainly can’t live together at this point in time, my employer, Mr. Vanimeter, the owner of this hotel, would never allow it and he does come here quite frequently and stays for weeks at a time. As far as marriage goes, I’m afraid that neither one of us is ready for that because we hardly know each other at this point. So, first, Viv let me say that I am madly infatuated with you and it saddens me to think that you’re leaving. I don’t want you to leave, I’ll never want you to leave, and there will never be a right time for you to leave. What I am suggesting is this; I’ll furnish you a room on the 7th floor, just down the hall from my suite. That will afford us plenty of time to spend together and in time, if marriage is in our future, so be it.” Of course, Ronnie was insincere as he told her these things. He had no intention whatsoever of getting to the point of marriage.
	Sudden spurts of what seemed to be electricity jolted Mike’s body, he could not let go of Vivian even if he wanted to and he still could not move as he sat there on the edge of the bed holding her. He was suddenly in her room as it was back in the 1934. It was neat, clean and well stocked with boxes of chocolates and fine wine. She was sitting in a chair looking sadly out the window. There was something very wrong and it was bothering her immensely. She stood up from the chair and suddenly left the room and began walking down the hall to the suite. 
	She had her own key and she did not bother to knock as she opened the door and stepped inside. She could hear voices coming from the bedroom. Wondering who Ronnie could be talking to in there; she walked on to the door so she could see inside. It was a sight that sickened her for she saw Belia Dawson, the front desk clerk, naked and bent over the bed with Ronnie, who was also naked standing behind her and holding on to her hips pumping away toward a quick orgasm.
	They were so busy with their carnal delight that they didn’t even notice her standing there in the doorway with tears streaming down her face. How could she have ever been so foolish to have fallen in love with this man and all of his lies? The pain of her breaking heart was excruciating as she quickly turned and ran back out into the hall and down to her room. She slammed the door shut and locked it. She quickly stepped over to the window and opened it. With no further thought she suddenly jumped out. The last thing Mike saw was the ground coming up fast just before he passed out.














Chapter 10

	Mike woke up the next morning expecting Vivian to be there with him, she wasn’t but he knew that she was real and definitely not a dream. Not only did he remember the vision that she had shown him in detail, he felt that he knew a lot of details about her life other than what he had seen. She was born in 1910 in Chicago and she came from a wealthy family. She was an only child and had gone to the best private schools. She had several boyfriends, but none she was ever serious about until she came with her Mother to the Grand and met Ronny.
	Ronny Murray was a smooth talking ladies man. He had come to the Grand a few months after the grand opening in 1929. Mr. Vanimeter, the hotel’s owner didn’t want to run the business himself and live in Mystic, so he hired the silver-tongued Murray out of a pool of applicants. He was a hopeless flirt with all of the good looking guests and employees of the Grand. One after another fell for his charms.
	Vivian Hanson had no idea that he was a philanderer when she came to the hotel; Ronnie fell for her stunning beauty the first time that he saw her and knew that he must have her. He went to work first on her Mother and gave her royal treatment during their stay at the hotel. Vivian, seeing that her Mom was quite taken with him, began responding to his flirtatious actions. He took her dancing in the ballrooms, showered her with gifts, chocolates and expensive wine and gave her his undivided attention. She felt loved and wanted and when he asked her to stay at the Grand, it was an easy decision.
	The first few months at the hotel were fabulous and she was treated like a queen by the staff and Ronnie as well. He supplied her with everything her heart desired except for one thing and that was a commitment. Ronny, on the other hand, was growing tired of Vivian and began yearning for the days of seducing other women. She suspected this was going on when she went from getting all of his attention to having to compete for it. 
	She and Ronny never lived together, he stayed in the suite, and she stayed in her room at the end of the hall. They would always meet in one place or another for their so-called dates.  After she had given him her body, he began to lose interest in her, Vivian, one the other hand, was madly in love with him. 
	She was feeling dejected	that horrible day that she sat in her room waiting for Ronnie. He had been ignoring her for days and when she confronted him about it, he promised that he would come to her room and they would have a glass of wine and talk. Although she loved him, she wasn’t about to waste her life sitting in a hotel room just waiting for him when he decided that he wanted to have sex. He was two hours late when she went to the suite to see if he was there and that was when she caught him and Belia having their torrid affair.
	Vivian felt as if her heart had been ripped from her chest when she saw the man that she loved having intercourse with Belia. She had never been suicidal a day in her life, but as she ran down the hallway that day she would have done anything to make the pain and misery go away and was in search of an immediate fix when she jumped out of her window on the 7th floor.

	Mike stepped out in the hall and looked both ways trying to smell her perfume or even a hint of chocolate, but there was nothing. He went down the hall and opened the door to her room, the window was closed and there was no empty glass with her lipstick smear. He wondered where she could be as he stepped to the center of the room and just stood there waiting for her to appear, she did not. After a few minutes, he gave up and went downstairs to go to work.
	Mike could hardly keep his mind on his business because he was so preoccupied with Vivian. Never before in his entire life did he believe in ghosts. Now he was carrying on conversations with one and every time he touched her, she would send him on an electrifying journey to the past in which he could see vividly graphic events in her life while staying at the Grand. 
	By lunch, he had given up all hope of getting anything done because his only thoughts were of her. Leaving his office and going up the stairwell to the second floor, he listened for the sound of her high heels walking across the floor, he breathed in slowly trying to get a faint scent of either perfume or chocolate, there was none. He did the same thing on the 3rd floor and every floor thereafter until he reached the Cloud Room on the 14th floor. There was no hint of Vivian anywhere. 
	As he walked around on the patio on the roof he thought of how ridiculous it was that he was wasting his time searching for a ghost. It would be certain that he would see her again, but it would be on Vivian’s terms, it would always be on her terms and there was nothing he could do about it because she was the one who decided when she would make an appearance.
	By late afternoon, he was standing in the Mystic Cemetery looking at Vivian Hanson’s grave wondering why her parents had her buried in Mystic instead of sending her home. The tombstone had her full name, Vivian Beatrice Hansson. She was born January 12, 1910 and died on September 15, 1935. Beloved Daughter was inscribed on top of the stone before her name, God’s Little Angel was written below her name. 
	Just then, dirt started moving on top of the grave. He wondered what in the world could have caused that and then some more moved as he stood there watching. Suddenly, Vivian’s hand broke through the dirt and then her other hand. There was no doubt that she was digging out her grave. He stood there perplexed and watched as she broke through the dirt and sat up in her grave. “I don’t want to be dead, I want to live,” she said and then in an instant, she disappeared and the grave was left as it was.
	Mike thought that perhaps he was hallucinating as he stood there looking at the untouched grave. Everything was exactly as it was on the grave when he had arrived even the weeds that were on the mound. He could not understand how he could have seen such a thing, but then, he didn’t understand anything that was happening to him concerning Vivian or even the Grand for that matter. 
	Mike wasn’t afraid of Vivian even though she was a ghost and was convinced that she was real, but he was wary of some of the other happenings at the hotel. Such as the visions of the woman whose head was sitting on the large pile of gelatin and the upper torso of the young man he had seen crawling on the floor in the basement. Those were nightmarish visions for sure and were probably not real, but the one thing that was certainly real was the young man that fell to his death from the roof. Another thing that was real was the amount of money that Mike had invested in the Grand so far, that was very real and such a substantial amount that he was not going to let any accident or supernatural phenomenon run him off.
	It was after 5 o’clock when Mike returned to the Grand and all of the workers had gone home for the day. Since he had gotten nothing accomplished that day, he went to his office to go over some paperwork and pay some bills. 













Chapter 11

	All was quiet in the hotel while Mike was sitting in his office working and heard the sounds of a woman walking in high heels across the lobby. He calmly sat there at his desk hoping that it was Vivian and that she was going to show herself. He got his wish as she appeared at the door. 
	“You came to see me today,” she smiled standing in the doorway impeccably dressed wearing a fashionable outfit from her era. Her hair and makeup were also perfect and she looked ravishing. 	
	“Yes, I did,” he answered. “I couldn’t get you out of my mind. In fact, I haven’t been able to get you out of my mind since I’ve first seen you,” he told her truthfully. He sat his pen down and moved all of the checks and papers that he had been working on aside. “Vivian, what do you want from me?”
	“In an empty house sat a lonely soul with a single wish that love will fill the void,” she said looking at him. “You are now here and I want to live. I don’t want to be dead, I want to be alive.”
	Mike was concerned as he stood up and walked around his desk to be near her. “How can I help you with that?”
	Vivian shook her head with tears in her eyes. “You can’t, but you can make me feel alive.”
	“How?”
	“Love me.”
	He wanted to take her in his arms and hold her tightly, but was afraid to touch her because every time that he had touched her so far, he would be transported back in time to see a vision and she would be gone when he came to. “I do love you. I can’t get you out of my mind. It’s as if you are controlling my very thoughts.” 	
	It was as if she could read his mind as she stood there looking into his eyes and then slowly held out her hand. “Please understand I must show you the visions.”
	“But I just want to be with you,” he told her. “Without the visions.”
	“I promise I’ll stay with you this time,” she said. “Touch me.”
	Mike reluctantly reached out and took hold of her hand. The electrical shock convulsed his body causing his eyes to roll up in his head as he was once again transported back in time to just a few hours after Vivian’s funeral. He was standing in the suite and could see Ronny and Belia who were just finishing up another round of sex and were now getting dressed. 
	“I’m sorry that I wasn’t very responsive this time, Ronny, but I just couldn’t help but think of poor Vivian,” Belia was telling him.
	He was sitting on the edge of the bed and looked up at her. “I’m sorry too, but to tell you the truth, I’m glad she’s gone. She’s been quite a burden on me the past few months. She was demanding, controlling and possessive.”
	“Do you think she knew about us?” she asked.
	“I don’t know and now that she’s dead, I don’t care. She was jealous and suspicious of every move that I made. I tell you it was the worst mistake I ever made in my life when I asked her to stay here. I should have sent her back to Chicago to her Mother a long time ago.”
	“She told me once that you and her were going to get married,” Belia looked over to see his reaction.
	“I would never marry the little spoiled rotten brat. That was her idea, not mine. Her daddy simply didn’t have enough money to make me want to marry her,” he suddenly laughed. “All Vivian had going for her was her looks.”
	Belia was through dressing. “I have to get down to front desk.”
	“I’ll see you later,” he smiled.
	Once Belia was gone and Ronny had gotten dressed, he went into the bathroom to check himself in the mirror. While he was standing there making sure his appearance was up to par, the bathroom door suddenly slammed shut for no apparent reason. He immediately turned and opened the door to leave. When he stepped out into the bedroom, he came face to face with Vivian and froze in his tracks for she was not her usual stunning self; she looked like she did when they picked her up off of the pavement after her suicide. Her head was cracked open and blood was running down her face. Her right arm was broken and her humerus bone was sticking out through the skin and muscle. Her teeth were broken and her mouth was bleeding. 
	Ronnie was aghast as he suddenly jumped back looking at her. “This can’t be happening, I just attended your funeral,” he shouted.
	“Hell hath no fury like a woman scorned,” she said. “Have you ever heard that saying, Ronnie?” She took a step toward him and he took a step back. “You lie, you cheat, you ruined my life, but you’ll never do to another what you’ve done to me,” she told him as she held up a long butcher knife with her left hand, but this was not any butcher knife, it was from Ronny’s own personal collection with his initials inlaid in the handle. She suddenly stabbed him in the chest with it and did so repeatedly until he fell in the floor. She fell on top of him and continued stabbing him until it was certain that he was dead. She then opened the button and zipper on his trousers and pulled them down past his knees. She castrated him by cutting his testicles, scrotum and penis off in one piece and stuck them in his mouth. 
	Downstairs at the front desk, Belia opened her desk drawer and found Ronnie’s butcher knife, the very same one that Vivian had just used to murder Ronny, only there was no blood on it. “I wonder why he left this down here?” she asked her coworker holding the shiny blade up for her to see. “I’ll run upstairs and take it to him,” she said as an excuse to go back up and see him again. “He’s probably looking for it.”
	Belia left the front desk walking directly down to the elevator. Once on the 7th floor, she knocked on the door, but Ronnie did not answer. She turned to the door handle to see if it was locked, it was not. She cracked the door open and stepped inside. “Sweetie pie, you won’t believe what I found downstairs.” 
	There was no answer, so she walked back into the bedroom and saw him laying there in a pool of blood with his penis stuck in his mouth. She stood there looking at the grisly murder scene and screamed out in horror. She ran outside the door crying hysterically still holding the knife which was now dripping with blood.
	
	












Chapter 12

	Mike suddenly woke up in his bed alone the next morning immediately remembering the vision that Vivian had shown him and quickly looked over in the bed to see if she was with him or not, she was not. He remembered that she had promised that she would stay with him, but she was gone. Where was she and why would he want her to be with him now that he had seen what she was capable of. Although Ronnie certainly what was coming to him, Mike had to wonder, was she justified in that brutal murder?
	He sat up in bed and noticed that he was still fully dressed from the day before so he got up and went into the bathroom for a shave and a shower. It was going to be a busy day today. When he came back into the bedroom drying off, he paused for a moment in the spot where Ronnie Murray’s bloody, mutilated body once lay and wondered how much agonizing torment Vivian’s soul must have been in to have done such a thing.
	The vivid memory of the brutal murder played over and over in Mike’s head as he made his way downstairs in the elevator, it was still inconceivable for him to believe that Vivian had performed such a vicious act. Reaching his office, he sat down at his desk and tried to put his ghostly encounters out of his mind as he reached over for his never ending stack of paperwork just wanting things to go back to normal, but how can things go back to normal when you’re in love with a beautiful apparition?
	“We’re hoping you’re writing us a check,” Jim smiled standing at the door at the door with Carlos and Richard. They had stopped by to check with the boss before starting their crews on their tasks. 
	“Mike, I havin’ a problem with a couple of the plumbers,” Richard began, “They’ve messed up a few of the rooms that we were finished with.”
	Mike looked up at him. “Is there anyway you can keep your crew behind them?”
	“I’ll do that, but that will slow us down,” he complained.
	“Well, it always something,” Mike said with a sigh wishing the men would go away and leave him alone and thinking that they were like children on a playground in school. “You guys will just have to work things out. Any other problems?” he asked all of the men wanting them to leave so he could be alone. 
	“None,” they answered and went their way leaving Mike alone again.

	Evening found Ben still in his office working. When he realized that it was now nightfall, his thoughts once again turned to Vivian. He wanted to talk to her, he wanted to touch her, but he was afraid that if he did he would be in for another shocking vision and he hoped that they were through with those because he felt like he couldn’t take anymore of them. 
	The strong smell of cigar smoke pulled him from his thoughts and then suddenly, a bloodcurdling cry. Mike was just about to get up from his desk to investigate when a large apparition appeared in his doorway smoking a cigar. 	“My name is Vanimeter, B.D. Vanimeter and I own this establishment, so, you’re the bastard that’s taken over my hotel and I want you out of here,” he said. “This is my place! Get out or I’ll run you out,” he threatened and then turned and walked back into the lobby. 
	If the apparition was a mirrored image of B.D. Vanimeter as he looked in life, he was certainly a big man standing around 6’4”; he was not necessarily fat, just big. He had a large moustache was seemed to fit his face, dark hair and bushy eyebrows. He was wearing a tailor-made beige suit with a matching felt hat and carried a black cane with a gold handle just for show.
	Mike left the office following after him to the lobby and found that it was full of people, specters from the past history of the hotel. There was a band playing, Charmaine in the ballroom and couples dressed in evening attire filled the dance floor. While these ghostly figures all seemed normal, there were some there that were ghastly. There was Ronnie, who was bleeding profusely from his stab wounds in his chest and groin area where he had been castrated. There was the headless woman’s body walking through the crowd while her head sat on top of the large pile of gelatin screaming near the kitchen. There was also the young man’s upper torso crawling through the lobby leaving a trail of blood and entrails behind him as he made his way to Vanimeter. “Sir, I really screwed up this time,” he called out.
	Vanimeter scornfully looked down at him without pity. “I told you not to be playing on that service elevator.”
	Mike looked around the room for Vivian, but could not see her anywhere. Suddenly the woman’s head on the pile of gelatin screamed out even louder and could easily be hard over all of the other noise.
	“You son of bitch, you killed me!”
	Mike looked over and saw a man with a chef’s jacket and hat walking past her. His hat and jacket was bloody from what appeared to be a gunshot wound in the side of his head. He made his way through the crowd carrying a butcher’s knife in his right hand to where Vanimeter and Ronnie were standing.
	“Bruno, good to see you man,” Vanimeter smiled turning to Mike. “There someone I’d like you to meet. This is the bastard that bought my hotel and I heard that he’s going to hire a better cook so I think you should kill him.”
	Bruno looked over at Mike and suddenly swung at him with the knife. Mike quickly jumped back barely escaping the sharp knife’s edge and fearfully looked at the bloody, crazed chef who in turn took another swing at him. Mike was terrified as he turned and ran as fast as he could to the stairwell and raced up the stairs to the second floor while Bruno chased after him. He finally escaped the madman with the knife on the third floor; apparently the fat cook could not run up the stairs even as a spirit.
	When he was certain that he was gone, Mike opened the stairwell door and stepped out on the third floor to walk down the hall to the elevator. At the other end of the hall he saw what looked like a boy sitting in a wheelchair all alone. As he glanced down at the floor while he was walking, he looked back up and noticed that the boy had moved closer in that instant without moving his arms. It was then he noticed that the boy’s wheelchair moved closer to him with each step that he took. The boy himself did not move a muscle during the whole time that he traveled down the hall and arrived at the same time as Mike at the elevator.  
	As Mike reached the elevator he could plainly see that the boy was a ghost because his face was ashen and his eyes had dark circles around them. His lips were almost charcoal in color. “Sir, can you help me? 
	“What is it?” Mike asked.
	“I can’t get the door open to my room,” he explained.
	With a hotel full of ghosts, Mike was beyond thinking anything was strange or unusual. “Let’s get you back to your room then,” he said to the boy as he reached out for the wheelchair to push him back down the hall. As soon as he touched the handle, he was suddenly transported to the basement with the boy. It was just like the visions that Vivian had shown him, he was frozen in time there in the bowels of the hotel, he could not move or speak as he stood there and watched as the young man that he had seen a couple of times before with his body cut in two was now whole again and walking as he was pushing the boy in the wheelchair. He positioned the boy just right facing the service elevator. 
	“So, how’s your legs feelin’ today?”
	“I can feel them a little,’ the boy answered.
	“Great, you just keep bathing in the water and doin’ what the nurse tell ya and you’ll be as good as new in no time,” the young man encouraged smiling. He then stepped in front of the boy’s wheelchair and grinned even wider. “Are ya ready for the show?”
	“Yes,” the boy answered.
	The young man stepped over to the service elevator and pressed the call button. “One of these days, I want ya to do this with me. I swear it’s fun.”
	“I know it must be,” the boy weakly smiled. It was obvious that he was feeling sick, Mike had no idea of what was wrong with him, but it was certain that it was terminal.
	When the door-less steel mesh cage of an elevator came down, the young man jumped inside as if he were playing leap frog. “Let’s say you get on the elevator and then you change your mind,” he smiled. “Then you just jump out!” He leaped out laughing as the elevator as it was going up. The boy in the wheelchair laughed too and the young immediately pressed the call button to do the stunt over again. 	“Let’s say you get on the elevator,” he said as he stepped in. He press the button again and started to jump out just as the elevator started up. This time, his feet slipped out from under him and he fell half in, half out of the cage. When the elevator passed through the ceiling the young man was cut in two. 
	The young man let out a horrific scream as his body was being cut in two and fell to the floor in a bloody mess, but he was still alive. He began crawling using his arms toward the little boy in the wheelchair. “I really screwed up this time!”


Chapter 13

	Instantly, the elevator doors opened and Mike found himself on the top floor in the Cloud Room. The dance floor was crowded and the band was playing, The Merry-Go-Round Broke Down, Mike recognized the song from the old Warner Brothers cartoons that he watched as a kid, but he didn’t want to see anymore visions or talk to anymore ghosts that night. All he wanted to do was to get back to his suite so he frantically pressed the elevator button for the 7th floor, but the elevator would not work. He then pressed the button for the lobby, that didn’t work either.
	Giving up, he stepped out of the elevator in hopes of seeing Vivian somewhere. After all, the very first time he seen her was on this very floor. Ben waded through the crowded ballroom full of guests that seemed to oblivious to the fact that he was even there and went outside on the balcony. It was full of cigar smokers and social drinkers conversing with each other, none of them notice Mike as he moved through them in search for Vivian and she was nowhere to be found.
	Tired from his walking and searching, Mike leaned against the railing on the edge of the building and rested. As he looked out at the crowd he wondered why these spirits were here. As a child, Mike was brought up to believe that when a person died they either went to heaven or hell. Later, he learned of purgatory. In the scheme of these things, where was the Grand Hotel? 
	Another thing was the ghosts themselves. Mike grew up believing that ghosts did not exist. Sure, he thought about them when he was a kid. The white sheet ghosts or the translucent ones such as were on TV or in the movies, but deep in his heart he knew that there was no such thing. Now, here he was looking out at dozens of them and they all appeared to be normal. 
	What was the difference between normal ghosts such as the ones with him there on the roof of the hotel and the others that he had seen? The ones that had died from massive wounds and still, here in the afterlife at the Grand, they still looked as they did at the moment of death. The young woman whose head was on top of the gelatin, was she doomed for eternity to sit there and scream? The young man whose body was cut in half, was he to spend eternity crawling on the floor? Then there was Vivian who was perfect in every way from head to toe.
	While Mike was leaning against the railing there at the edge of the roof and deep in thought, he didn’t notice that Vanimeter, Ronnie and Bruno were approaching him. “What do you think of my little party?” Vanimeter smiled as walked up to him.
	Mike was not so concerned about Vanimeter and Ronnie, however, he was keeping a close eye on Bruno with his butcher’s knife and the bullet hole in the side of his head was oozing blood. “What do you want with me?” Mike asked Vanimeter.
	“I want you to get the hell out of my hotel,” Vanimeter chuckled.
	“I can’t do that, I have too much invested in this place,” Mike calmly answered.
	“Tell me, Mister Owens, what was it that drew you here? Why did you come to Mystic? Why did you buy my hotel? It has sat here empty with only the elements and vandals to contend with for the past forty years. Yet, you come to town and purchase the place with the notion of restoring it to it’s original beauty with some of your so called modern conveniences when no one else has ever wanted anything to do with it.”
	Mike had wondered the very same thing himself many times and now it had come to him as he stood there talking to it’s deceased owner. It was in a dream that he had one night. He dreamed that he was walking inside of a dark and dreary hotel lobby. It was a very large room with doors that had rounded Spanish style archways. He remembered thinking that the place was beautiful, He remembered dreaming that he was walking along through the lobby wondering to himself how he could fix the old place up if it was his when he heard a loud scream. He rushed into that direction and that was when he saw a woman’s screaming head sitting on top of a pile of green gelatin. He was horrified and suddenly woke up out of breath with his heart racing.  
	Although Mike could not remember the dream he became fascinated with old hotels and began driving around the country looking at every town that had one. Then came the day he stumbled on to the Grand in Mystic and knew that he had to buy it. As he came to his realization he looked at Vanimeter and then over to Bruno. He suddenly reached out and grabbed hold of the chef’s arm and just as it had happened with Vivian or of the other apparitions every time before, he was suddenly transported back in time.
	There he was standing in the kitchen, it was apparently just after the morning breakfast rush and the smell of pancakes and bacon along with other breakfast food filled the air. The waitress with sandy colored hair walked in to kitchen and over to where Bruno the chef was cutting meat from the lunch and dinner runs of the day. He was wearing his butcher’s belt that carried several different kinds of knives and there were blood smears on his white smock.
	“Hey, Bruno, it’s break time. Come smoke a cigarette with me,” the waitress smiled.
	Bruno looked up from his work and sighed heavily and followed her to the storeroom where she lit up a cigarette. She offered him one, but he refused. “You’re coming over after work, right?”
	He shook his head no. “I can not. My wife and children are coming today.”
	“Again? Good grief, must she come over every weekend? I’d like to spend a weekend with you every once in a while. Ya know?”
	“She is coming for good this time, they are moving here from Dallas,” he told her.
	The waitress was suddenly angry. 	“When did you decide this? Just a few days ago you told me that you were considering a divorce.”
	“I considered it and I have decided that I love my wife and children.”
	“You bastard,” she raised her voice and then suddenly slapped him. “You been using me all along!”
	“No.”
	“Yes, you have, you prick! Fuckin’ me all during the week, but when your days off come around, off you go home to see your wife or that bitch comes here,” she shouted working her way up to a frenzy. “You son of a bitch, I ain’t takin’ that shit anymore,” she slapped him again hard in the face.
	Bruno was afraid that someone was going to hear them. “Calm down.”
	“Calm down my ass, you bastard! I’ll tell you what I’m gonna do. I’m gonna go to your wife and tell her about us,” she threatened. “I’m gonna tell her about you takin’ me up to your room and fuckin’ my brains out every damned day!”
	Before she could get another word out, Bruno drew his knife and stabbed her in the abdomen, quickly pulled it out and stabbed her squarely in the chest. He then grabbed her by the hair of the head and cut her throat and kept slicing until he hit the bone in her neck the bone in her neck. He had to maneuver the knife through the cartilage between the vertebrae in her neck to slice through the bone.
	Once he had her head cut off, he picked it up using her hair for a handle and carried it to the cooler and pitched it in a large bowl of green gelatin and then shut the door. He walked back to the decapitated body, lifted up her arms and dragged her to the freezer to hide her there leaving a huge blood smear on the floor. 
	Bruno was in a state of shock as he returned to work. He knew that any moment someone would find the body and he would certainly be the main suspect for it was well known that they were having an affair. He could not face that, he sat his knife down on the table and slowly walked out of the kitchen. He walked through the dining room and out into the lobby where he got on the elevator to his room on the 11th floor. Once inside the room he opened the drawer on his bedside table and got out his revolver. He stuck the barrel to the side of his head and pulled the trigger.

 
	
	




Chapter 14

	As Mike stood there looking at Bruno’s dead body laying sprawled out on the bed in the vision he was seeing, a strong, putrid odor began pulling his thoughts away and he suddenly was standing inside the suite on the 7th floor as it was when Vanimeter lived in it. In the dining room sat Vanimeter, along with Ronnie, at the dining room table with three well dressed men. The first man was sitting at the head of the was apparently the boss of the other two men. The second man was obviously his accountant; he had his ledger sitting on the table in front of him as if he were prepared to read some of the entries. The third man sat there watching and listening to everything that was being said. 
	“I think what you’re running here, Mister Vanimeter, is a flea circus. You build a luxurious hotel with the lure of a healing miracle water that entices people from all over the world to come here and stay so they can swim in your pool, bathe in it, drink it and think they are being cured from whatever that ails them. In reality, however, the water doesn’t cure anything at all; it’s just water with a bad taste. My son is living proof of that. I sent him here in hopes that it would help his polio, but instead, his condition has only gotten worse.”
	“His six month stay here has cost over a little over four thousand, five hundred dollars,” the accountant chimed in.
	“And he’s still in that damned wheelchair,” the man continued. “So, tell me, what am I payin’ for here?”
	“This is a hotel, not a miracle cure center,” Vanimeter told him. “And like you said, the water here is just water. If the doctors can’t cure your kid, how in the world can we? About all we can do is keep the little bastard happy.”
	The third man looked over to his boss who nodded his head once. That was the man’s cue to take action. He nonchalantly stood up from his chair and walked around behind Vanimeter pulling a small rope from the pocket on his jacket. He suddenly wrapped the rope around Vanimeter’s neck and pulled it tightly, but not enough to choke him. 
	There was fear in Vanimeter’s eyes as he looked over at the man sitting at the head of the table and then over to Ronnie as if he wanted him to help in some way. Ronnie was too terrified to do anything.
	“I want my money back, every penny of it,” the man at the head of the table told Vanimeter.
	“I can’t do that,” Vanimeter protested. “I have no money!”
	 “And I want my son to stay here free of charge for the rest of his life, the head man demanded and cut his eyes over to Ronnie. “Do you understand that?”
	“Yes, sir,” Ronnie answered nervously scared out of his mind.
	The man in charge looked up at the man with the rope around Vanimeter’s neck and nodded once more. The man pulled the rope tight. Vanimeter’s face turned even more red and his eyes bulged out as he desperately tried to gasp for his next breath, but could not. He passed out within seconds and a few moments later, he was dead.
	“Go get something that we can use to dispose of the body,” the boss told Ronnie. Ronnie quickly left the suite and came back a few minutes later pushing a dirty laundry cart. The man that killed Vanimeter quickly picked body up and put him in the cart. Ronnie quickly put a sheet over the top of the cart so he would no longer be able to see his dead employer’s body stuffed inside of it.
	“Where can we dispose of the body?” the man in charge asked Ronnie.
	He thought for a moment, the only place he could think of where no one ever went was the bell tower. It really wasn’t a bell tower; it was just made to look like that to conceal the elevator shafts on top of the building. The only way to gain access there was to go to the 14th floor, walk around to the back of the outside wall of the Cloud Room and take the service stairs. They dumped his body there and all of them left, but in the vision, Mike remained. He stood there looking at Vanimeter’s dead body laying on the floor of the bell tower and as he watched, time seemed to shift to a fast forward mode where minutes became days. He watched as the body swelled up and began rapidly decomposing; the skin literally dried up on the bones and began peeling away from his skeleton exposing his bones.



















Chapter 15

	With his heart racing, Mike stood there holding the door shut with his hands after locking it trying to catch his breath. He tried to remember how he got back to the suite after seeing the vision, but he could not. This moment was all he could remember. It was then he realized that he heard the song, Carelessly playing inside his suite and knew that Vivian must be somewhere inside. “You’re safe here with me,” he heard her say.
	He was actually relieved to turn around and see her standing in the living room wearing a long black chiffon lace robe and holding a glass of wine and smiling at him. 	
	“Am I really safe anywhere?” he asked her. “I’ve obviously lost my mind and have gone completely insane. I’m all alone in a hotel that I’ve spent millions of dollars on and my only guests here are ghosts. Ghosts that walk the halls, talk to me, show me visions from the past. Why? It makes no sense to me. There’s nothing I can do about it. And then there’s you. I talk to you like you’re a real person, but you’re not a real person, you’re a fucking ghost. You’re not here and you’re not real!”
	Vivian walked over to the bar and poured him a glass of wine. She turned around and held the glass out for him smiling. “Mike, you’re upset. Here have a glass of wine and sit down and tell me all about it. What did you see, babe?” 
	Without argument, Mike walked over to the sofa and sat down; Vivian followed him over and sat down beside him. “I don’t want to talk about it,” he told her. “What difference does it make anyway?”
	“Just try and relax. You’ve had a trying day.” She leaned over and softly kissed him on the cheek. 
	He was expecting to sent off on another one of the horrible visions just as he had done every time they had touched, but he was not. Her kiss felt very warm, very real and all of the worries and fears in his mind seemed to melt away. He turned his head to face her and filled with desire, he kissed her passionately on the mouth. The kiss took his breath away and caused his heart to beat so fast he could feel his own pulse in the sides of his head. He remembered feeling that way the very first time he had kissed his girlfriend back when he was fifteen years old. It had never felt that way again, until now.
	It felt that way for Vivian as well. It had been over seventy years since she had been kissed. All those years of loneliness walking the halls at the Grand searching for someone to love. A lifetime or more just sitting in her room at the end of the hall staring at that damned window that she jumped out of to end her life. The problem was, however, that awful plunge she took that day did not end her life. Her spiritual life went on and since her soul was in turmoil at the time of her physical death, she was not allowed in heaven nor was she condemned to hell. Instead, she entered into a state of purgatory at the Grand.
	She finally summoned the strength to break away from Mike’s kiss, but she wanted a lot more. She wanted to crawl inside his body and be as one with him. “Let’s go to the bedroom,” she whispered.

	Mike opened his eyes the next morning and looked over to find Vivian still in bed with him. He expected her to be gone just like all the other times, but this time, she was really there. That made him happy; he hoped that now the mystery would be over. Where she went during the day, what she did, why she only appeared when she wanted to. He just wanted her to stay with him all the time. Sure, he knew that she wouldn’t appear to the rest of the earthly beings such as the construction workers around the hotel during the day, but to have her home in the evenings would be a dream come true. 
	He laid there in bed watching her sleep. She slept just like any other human being except for the fact that she was a ghost and he wondered if she was real or just a vision that he was seeing. He reached out and gently brushed her face with his fingers. She was definitely real and his touch woke her up. 
	She opened her eyes and smiled over at him. “Good morning.”
	“I love you,” he said certain of it.
	“I love you, too,” she smiled and reached over pulling him close to her. She held him tightly and it felt so good to her to actually hold someone.
	Mike laid there enjoying her warm embrace and wished he could start every morning this way. It just felt so right to be laying there in her arms. “I could lay here forever and let you hold me,” he said.
	“So, why don’t you then?” she asked holding him even tighter.
	“Because I have to get to work. The guys will all be downstairs in a little while and I have to get with the supervisors and let them know what I want done today.” He looked up at her. “And Juanita will be here to clean the suite in a little bit.”
	She laughed. “She thinks that you have a girlfriend in town that comes in and cleans the place up before she leaves. The bed is neatly made and there are mints on the pillows along with the roses when she gets here. It’s really quite funny when she looks all around the suite and doesn’t see anybody and yet, I’m standing there with her.
	Mike nodded his head. “Yes, you’ve played that trick more than once on me.”
	Mike kissed Vivian and then got out of the bed to get dressed and ready for the day. “You will be here when I get back home later, right?”
	“I’ll be right here waiting for you. Mike, why don’t you just stay here with me?” she asked.
	“You know, I’d love to, but I can’t today.” He said throwing on his jeans and tee shirt. He put on his shoes and leaned over to her on the bed to kiss her goodbye. “I’ll be back in a little bit,” he smiled.
	“Have a good day,” she said as he walked out of the bedroom. She already knew that his day was going to be anything other than good.

















Chapter 16

	Mike stepped out of the elevator and went directly to unlock the front doors of the lobby. He then went to his office thinking that it was still early enough for him to pay a few bills before all of the employees got there and the noise and interruptions began. That idea was short lived, however, when he heard someone come in after a few minutes. He glanced up from his paperwork and saw Juanita walking through the lobby toward the kitchen to make coffee for everyone. He smiled thinking that she was such a good employee and he was glad that he had hired her. He smiled even more thinking that she would sooner or later be in his suite on the 7th floor and would find the bed made with mints and roses on the pillows. Vivian did have a good sense of humor for a ghost.
	He sat there in his office thinking about the night before and making love with Vivian. Thinking of ghosts, his mind drifted back to earlier in the night when he had seen the visions of the boy in the wheelchair whose father was a mob boss and had Vanimeter killed. He wondered why Bruno the cook was chasing him through the lobby and up to the second floor. He suddenly remembered the Vanimeter’s death and wondered if his remains were still hidden in the bell tower. He saw all of these things and yet they didn’t seem to matter as soon as he back to the suite with Vivian. Then all he could think about was their night of passion.
	Mike suddenly left his office and went to the elevator to go to the top floor.  When the doors opened on the 14th floor, he turned and left the Cloud Room and made his way to the bell tower. There was nothing there; Vanimeter’s body had been found years ago. Just then, he heard the sounds of sirens blasting through town, it sounded like they were getting closer. He left the bell tower and went down the stairs that led back to the Cloud Room. He walked through the doors and walked out on the patio. He looked over the edge of the building and could see a large group of people there. Apparently, someone had either jumped or fallen from the top of the hotel or out a window. 
	“Oh, hell, not again,” Mike said as he turned and rushed to the elevator. The ride to the 1st floor seemed to take forever, when the doors finally opened in the lobby, he ran out the front doors and around the corner of the hotel to the pool area. It seemed that everyone who had either had fallen or jumped from the hotel over it’s long history had chosen this side with the same fatal results. 
	Juanita was crying as he touched her on the shoulders as he was passing her. 	“Who is it?” he asked, but she did not answer.
	Jim and Carlos were standing up close to the front watching the emergency people work. “I wonder what the hell happened?” Jim asked.
	“I don’t know,” Carlos said. “One of my boys came around here and found him like this.”
	“Who the hell is it?” Mike asked them as he walked up beside them. Neither one of them answered which made Mike think that they really didn’t know so it was certain that it wasn’t someone from their crews. Impatient to find out who it was, Mike stepped over to the body that the emergency people were about to load on a stretcher. He froze in his tracks and a sudden rush of terror ran through him like a bolt of lightening. He stood there filled with sheer terror as he saw his own body there broken and dead.
	Mike refused to believe what he was seeing. Surely, it must be one of those damned visions that he had been seeing. He watched as the emergency workers loaded the stretcher into the ambulance, then get in and slam the doors and slowly drive away. They were in no hurry since he was already dead and had been that way for several hours.
	He turned back to Jim and Carlos in a rage. “What in the hell happened here?” he shouted demanding to know the details.
	Neither man acknowledged his presence. It was if he wasn’t even there. He reached out to grab Jim’s shoulder and noticed that his hand was translucent. He couldn’t believe what he was seeing and tried to hit him, but his hand just past through Jim’s body. 
	“I wonder how we’re gonna get paid now?” Carlos asked Jim as they turned and started walking away.
	“I suppose we’ll have to contact Mike’s office people,” Jim answered. “Until then, send your crew home, I’ll do the same and everybody else will too. As far as I can see, this job is over.”
	Mike followed along after them knowing that Jim was right, the job was over. Within an hour, everyone had gone back home, Jim locked the front doors of the lobby and turned to leave. He had a few phone calls to make; the most important one was to Mike’s office. 
	Mike stood there at the lobby doors watching Jim as he walked out to his pickup to leave. He looked over at the coffee shop and could see Shirley Fincel standing at her window looking over at the hotel. He sighed and walked back to a sofa in the lobby and sat down. He had to think.
	How could this have happened? He knew that he didn’t jump off the roof and was certain that he didn’t fall off. So how could he be dead now when he was alive just a few hours ago and why couldn’t he remember what had happened that caused his death? He thought he was alive this morning, but as it turned out, he wasn’t. Why didn’t Vivian tell him? 
	Vivian, perhaps she could explain what had happened. She would have to know something about all of this. He thought of their sexual encounter and knew that him being dead had something to do with it. Perhaps, she had something to do with it. He could not rule out that possibility.
	Mike sat there for hours alone in the lobby thinking about his life and wondering what had caused his death. He thought it was odd that while he sat there that he heard no strange noises coming from anywhere in the hotel. Nobody shoes on the marble floor, no screams, no smells, no visions, nothing. He stood up and went to the kitchen to look around. There were no severed heads on a large pile of gelatin anywhere around. Nothing there at all. No screams coming from the basement. He was all alone.
















Chapter 17

	Vivian was waiting for him in the suite on the 7th floor. “You knew?” he asked as he walked in the bedroom with her.
	“Yes.”
	“When did you know?”
	“The moment you appeared last night.”
	“Why didn’t you tell me?”
	“How come you didn’t read the signs?”
	“What signs?” he shouted. “I didn’t know that there were any signs; I didn’t know to look for them!” He charged toward her and grabbed her arm. “I want you to tell me what in the hell has happened to me! I want you to show me and I want you to show me right now!” He suddenly pushed her down on the bed. “Show me one of your fuckin’ visions, Vivian!”
	“Very well,” she said calmly looking up at him. “Sit down on the bed and I will show you want you want to know.”
	Mike sat down on the edge of the bed with her.
	“Hold me,” she instructed.
	He did as he was told and sat there holding her in his arms. “The year was 1968, the hotel was just two years from closing it’s doors forever.” As Vivian spoke, he could see the vision beginning. He was outside the hotel looking at it as it appeared in those days. “There was a horrible rainstorm; it had been raining hard and heavy for hours. The roads were flooded and people were stranded. That’s when a man and a woman carrying a little baby came into the lobby and checked in. They gave them a room on the 7th floor just down the hall toward my room.”
	Mike could easily see in the vision that the man and the woman were his parents and the baby was him. “Maybe the rain will let up in a couple of hours and we’ll be able to get the hell outta here in the morning,” Mike’s Dad told his Mom as he looked out the window.
	The vision then went dark and the only light that could be seen was the flashes of lightening outside through the window and since it was in the middle of the night, everyone in the room was asleep 	“I had been dead for over thirty years and condemned to an eternity of loneliness walking the halls of this hotel,” Vivian continued on. “I desperately wanted to feel alive and while I was still living, I wanted to get married and have children and when I heard you cry out in the night, I went in the room to see you. There you were, wide awake there on the bed safely between your Mother and Father. You could see me and you smiled up at me as I stood there at the foot of the bed. I walked around the side of the bed, reached over your Mother and picked you up. I stood there in the night holding you tightly and then I laid down on the bed between your parents and held you to my bosom pretending that you were mine. I knew that you would come back to me someday. And you did come back.”
	The vision suddenly changed to when Mike was standing in the bell tower looking at the skeletal remains of Vanimeter’s body that had been dumped there. Only this time, instead of decomposing at a extremely rapid rate, it was now in reverse as tissue began forming and connecting to the bones. Within moments, his flesh as well as the clothes he was wearing were made new again. His cadaver eyes suddenly had life in them and he looked up at Mike standing there. He got up from the floor and stood tall once more as he walked over to Mike. “So, tell me, Mister Owens, why did you buy my hotel?”
	Mike turned to run away, but stopped in his tracks when he saw Bruno and Ronnie standing there looking just like that they had before. Bruno, with his bullet hole in the side of his head and blood splattered cook’s uniform. Ronnie bleeding massively from his knife wounds and from his castration. Mike slowly began to ease around them watching them very closely. He made it to the stairs and quickly went down to get away from them. When he reached the bottom of the steps he looked back and saw that they were following after him. “I can’t allow you to make any more changes to the hotel, Mister Owens,” Vanimeter called out.
	Mike turned to run inside the Cloud Room to the elevator, but suddenly froze in his tracks. It was if an unseen force was holding him there against his will as he stood there unable to move and was helpless to do anything other than watch as Bruno, Ronnie and Vanimeter approached him. Bruno grabbed hold of Mike like he was a sack of potatoes and carried him over to the railing at the edge of the building.
	“I’ve given you several opportunities to leave my hotel and you wouldn’t go,” Vanimeter told Mike as Bruno suddenly picked him back up. “Since you don’t want to leave us, I suppose that you’ll just have to stay with us,” he said and nodded at Bruno who effortlessly tossed him over the edge of the building.
	Mike who had been held paralyzed by some unknown force was suddenly free to kick and thrash his arms about as he began his fourteen story freefall to the ground below. He hit the ground hard, it didn’t really hurt all that much, but he could hear the bones in his body snap on impact. 	I’m not dead, was his first thought as he lay there unable to move. I can’t believe I’m not dead! Wait, wait, wait! I can’t move! I can’t even move my eyes! I’m gonna have to lay here until somebody finds me.
	It all must have been a dream because Mike could see himself hurrying down the hall to the door of his suite on the 7th floor. He opened the door and stepped inside and could see himself standing there holding the door shut. He was scared and out of breath. He could hear, Carelessly, playing somewhere from side the suite somewhere and knew that Vivian was near. He could see her walk into the room with him. “Don’t worry, you’re safe here with me,” she told him.
	“Am I really safe anywhere?” he asked her and then thought, wait a minute, this has already happened last night. The only difference was that he was living the experience the time before. This time, he was watching it like a movie. He violently shook his head from side to side to stop the vision. It worked.
 
	The sun was shining by the time one of Carlos’ workers walked around the building and found him there on the ground, but the worker didn’t really help Mike. He just took of running after he saw him. Soon, a crowd of people gathered around to looked at his broken body, but no one offered to help in any way because he was obviously dead.
	Mike could hear the sirens and knew the ambulance and the police were coming as he lay there. They drove right up on the lawn near his body and a couple of paramedics rushed over to him. One of them reached out and touched him. “He’s been dead a few hours,” he told his partner.
	“How are we gonna get him on a stretcher?” asked the other one. “I hope he don’t fall apart.”
	“Just be careful.”
	But I’m not dead, Mike thought. I can hear them talking, I am aware of what’s going on. I’m not dead; you can’t do that when you’re dead. He wanted to shout, he wanted to scream, he wanted to move his body in some way to let them know that he was still alive.
	They carefully lifted him up on the stretcher and loaded him into the ambulance and slammed the doors shut. The ride was short to the funeral home where they unloaded him and hauled him inside on the stretcher. The mortician lifted the blanket off of Mike and looked at him. Mike could see him, but only in a limited view as he could not move his eyes.
	“This will definitely be a closed casket service”
	But I’m not dead, Mike wanted to shout but couldn’t. Can’t you people see that I am still alive? What’s wrong with you people?
	They left him there laying on the stainless steel table in the preparation room. Mike laid there in the dismal little room on the embalming table wondering if it all could be real and hoping to God that it was all just a bad dream. That hope came to an end when the mortician came in to start the embalming process. He stuck one needle in each jugular veins. One was attached to a machine that would draw out what little blood he had left in him; the other was attached to a pump that would fill his body with the embalming solution which was mainly formaldehyde.  
	The mortician turned the machines on after the attachments were made and the formaldehyde burned like fire as it filled his veins. He wanted to pull the needles out of his arms, he wanted to scream, he wanted to shout, but he could do nothing but lay there in agony with his body on fire.
	



















Chapter 18
	
	At the cemetery, Mike stood watching what few people were there attending his service. Mike had always thought that he had a lot of friends, but judging by the number of people that were actually there, he was wrong. It was apparent that he had no real friends, only business associates. 
	Among them was Clayton Moore, his most trusted partner. Clayton was the man that took care of Mike business matters. Outwardly, he was a staunch supporter, but secretly, he couldn’t stand the rich son of a bitch and wished more often than not that one of Mike’s business ventures would fail. That wish came true with the Grand Hotel. Clayton planned on doing nothing more than to shut the entire project down, accept the losses and invest the rest of Mike’s money in businesses that would be profitable.
	Since Mike’s parents were deceased, he had no siblings and was never married; all of the estate would go into the business with Clayton in charge. He couldn’t help but think of that, even while he was standing at Mike’s graveside service. An extended vacation in Fiji would soon be forthcoming. 
	When the service was over and the graveyard in Mystic was once again empty, the spirits came out of their graves to meet the new arrival. Some were wandering aimlessly; they seemed tormented   and oblivious to anything going on around them. Others were alert and seemed to be almost alive as they filed past his grave. Mike had accepted the fact that as far as his physical body was concerned that he was dead, but the afterlife was nothing like he thought it would be when he was alive. It seemed to him that he was now in another dimension, a level of reality that he knew absolutely nothing about and that frightened him. 
	Why was he brought to this place? What was his purpose here? How long would he stay here? He looked around at all of the souls roving around the graveyard and wondered why they were being held there in limbo. Whatever the reason, he knew that he did not belong here with them; he needed to get back to the hotel to see Vivian. Perhaps she could make some sense out of all of this. 
	Mike walked over to his grave and stepped on the mound and as he did, he was sucked into the earth like a speck of dust into a vacuum cleaner. He could sense that he was moving and felt the sensation of falling, but he could see nothing in the total darkness. Suddenly, it all stopped and when his sight returned to him, he was standing in the lobby of the Grand Hotel during the daylight hours and he could hear voices coming from his office. 
	Clayton Moore was sitting at his desk talking to his three most important contractors, Jim, Richard and Carlos. “The purpose of this meeting is to let you know that I am suspending work on this hotel immediately. I’ve already let everyone else go; you men and your crews are the last.”
	“Are you sure that is what Mike would have wanted?” Jim asked. “He loved this place.”
	Clayton thought that these tradesmen were beneath his intellectual level and certainly didn’t have his business savvy. He sighed deeply wondering why he had to explain anything to this lowly construction worker. “Mister Owens was certainly a moneyman, but not every business decision he made was a solid one. In fact, most of his money came from winning the lottery and after doing that, he hired several of us who are knowledgeable in business matters to make investments for him. None of us, however, were consulted when he decided to buy this place. He spent millions on it and it will take millions more to complete it and I ask you, what for? Mystic is a dead little town that does not generate enough commerce to support a hotel such as this. The fact that the hotel was even built at all was based on the mythical tale of the healing waters of this area. Mister Vanimeter, the owner and builder of this establishment was nothing more than a snake oil salesman selling a hoax. So, I ask you this, gentlemen, if Mister Owens was so in love with this place and was completely happy with his purchase, why would he fling himself off of the roof to kill himself?”
	Jim didn’t know how to answer that, but he did think that it was more than a mere coincidence that Mike and one of his workers fell off the roof and hit the ground in roughly the same spot. “How do you know that it was a suicide?” Jim asked. “It could have been an accident, right? I say that because one of my workers fell off that roof.”
	Clayton rolled his eyes. “It was well know around our office that Mister Owens had suicidal tendencies,” he lied trying to end the meeting. “And so, with that bit of information, gentlemen, I ask you to give me the amounts that you are owed and I will promptly write you a check.”

	When Jim, Richard and Carlos left the hotel, Mike locked the lobby doors and waited there for Clayton who was making his final call for the day. He could hear the crook inside the office. “Hi, Tammy, this is Clayton. I’ve got everything done here. Mike’s buried, I’ve got all of his contractors paid off and they will shut down the phones and power tomorrow. I’m gonna drive on in tonight and when I get to the office tomorrow, we’ll put this thing on the market and then it’s hasta la vista to this son of a bitch.” 
	He hung up the phone and then walked out of the office heading for the lobby doors carrying his briefcase. He thought once more of his trip that he was planning to Fiji with dear old Mike’s money. He pushed the door but it did not open and as he tried again, he saw that it was locked. “Damnit, how did those idiots lock these doors without a key when they left?” he asked himself as he walked over to the nearest lounge chair to sit his briefcase down so he could open it and get the keys. He sighed and shook his head as he picked them up and shut his case. He walked quickly back to the lobby door and stuck the key in the keyhole, but the lock would not turn. 
	“Oh, what the hell now?” he shouted aggravated and then sat his briefcase down to try again. It still would not work, so he stepped over to try the next door. It wouldn’t work either. Just then, his briefcase fell over, the latches popped open and lid flew up and as it did, all of his papers flew out as if there was a windstorm inside of the hotel.
	Clayton looked on astonished wondering what in the world was happening as he watched the papers fall to the floor. Without any visible means of support, his briefcase lifted into the air and floated there and then started flying through the air toward him as if someone had thrown it at him. It bounced off his shoulder as he was turning to run. 
	After running a few steps he stopped by a sofa in the lobby to catch his breath. He quickly turned around to make sure that the briefcase was still laying in the floor in the same spot it fell after it had hit him and found that it was. Clayton was huffing and puffing trying to catch his breath, his heart was pounding and he was scared to death. He had to get out of the hotel, but he felt like he had to sit down first. 
	He turned his head to the right and looked over his shoulder toward the dining room area when he though he heard some dishes rattle, but there was nothing but silence as he looked on. He moved his head back around to the front of him and out of the corner of his eye he saw Mike sitting there on the sofa with him. 
	“How do you like my hotel?” Mike asked looking over at him.
	Clayton could not believe his eyes as he sat there in terror looking at him. “You’re dead! I was at your funeral yesterday!”
	“Filed with grief, I suppose.”
	“Well, yes, yes!” 
	“Planning on a trip to Fiji, Clayton?” Mike asked looking over at him with a dry little smile on his face.
	Clayton looked over at him. “No, no I’m not,” he lied.
	“Seems like that was what you were thinking about while at my graveside service,” Mike said.
	Clayton looked over at him wondering how in the world he could have known that.
	“If you need some time to get away, I suggest that you stay here at my hotel,” Mike told him.
	Just then a large blob of green gelatin fell from the ceiling in front of the sofa where Clayton was sitting and then another fell on top of it making a mound of the substance. Blood started dripping on top of the gelatin and just as he was about to look up to the ceiling, he heard a bloodcurdling scream and saw the waitress’s head falling down to the gelatin. Her bloody head landed on top of the mound of gelatin and she cut her eyes to Clayton.
	“That son of a bitch killed me,” she shrieked.
	Clayton could do nothing but sit there frozen in horror. He wanted to get up, but the mound of gelatin with the woman’s head was just inches in front of his feet and Mike was sitting right there beside him and then he moved over closer to him and put his right arm around his shoulder.
	“Clayton, my old business partner,” he said giving him a firm hug around the shoulders. “The man that came in and shut my little hotel operation down.” He held his left hand out in front of Clayton and wiggled his fingers. “You know, I’ve only been dead a couple of days now, so I’m new at this.” He moved his hand to Clayton’s chest. “I think you’re really gonna like it here at the hotel, Clayton.”
	Clayton looked down and could see that the tips of Mike’s fingers were now just inside of his chest and then with a sudden thrust, Mike stuck his whole hand inside of his chest. “I’m holding your heart in my hand right now, it’s really beating fast, Clayton and do you know what I’m gonna do? I’m gonna stop your heart,” he said as he began to squeeze tightly.
	Clayton’s eyes widened as Mike applied more pressure to his heart. He could not breathe as he tried desperately to gasp for his next breath. Mike pulled his bloody hand from his chest as soon as Clayton died, but there was no blood on Clayton, there wasn’t even a wound. He looked like he was just sitting on the couch there and had a heart attack.
		
Chapter 19

	Mike went to the suite on the 7th floor where he found Vivian there waiting for him. “I have a question for you,” he said as she gave him a hug. “How do I kill Vanimeter?”
	Vivian gave him a funny look as she let go of him. “You can’t kill him, he’s already dead.”
	“That’s not the answer I wanted to hear,” he said walking past her toward the bedroom. “Do you mean to tell me that I have to spend the rest of eternity in this hotel with Vanimeter roaming around with his pals Bruno and Ronnie?”
	“Yes, as far as I know,” she answered.
	“How have you made it all these years?”
	“They don’t bother me, I don’t bother them. They don’t come to the seventh floor.”
	“And why is that, Vivian? This suite that we’re in was Vanimeter’s originally and then it was Ronnie’s when Vanimeter wasn’t here.”
	“And now it’s our’s,” Vivian said quickly.
	“But I want to know why they don’t come here,” he demanded standing at the foot of the bed.
	“I don’t know why. Maybe it is because both of them were killed in this room,” she answered.
	“Then how come you can still go to your old room at the end of the hall?”
	“I don’t know.”
	“Well, tell me what you do know in your years of walking the halls here?”
	“Your spirit is angry, hostile. Why?”
	“Because I was murdered! I wasn’t ready to die, I didn’t want to die. I had a purpose in life. And you, you killed yourself. Me? I didn’t want to die. You? You wanted to die until you were dead and then you had to remain here in this damned hotel. Face it, Vivian, you wanted me to die. You had been waiting for me since I was a baby. You waited for me until I came back as a grown man and then you slowly win me over with your supernatural powers. You delighted in the fact that I was never scared of you like all the others that came here over the years. You were able to materialize and act just like a real woman and make me fall in love with you and show me those damned visions.”
	“I had to show you the visions,” she defended. 
	“For what? So I would have a better understanding of this damned place or a better understanding of you?”
	“You’re being impossible!”
	“Impossible? Hell yes, I’m impossible, I’m a fuckin’ ghost!” He walked out of the bedroom and into the living room. “I’m gonna figure out how to destroy Vanimeter and his guys. Those goons ain’t gonna get away with killing me and if you get in the way, I’ll destroy you too.

	For a place full of dead people, the Grand was a swinging place at night. Just like in the visions that Vivian had shown him, the ghosts of the Grand were in the lobby visiting each other, they were in the restaurant dining or in the ballroom dancing the evening away. Everyone was having a good time. There was gambling in the card room with spirits playing poker and blackjack. 
	Mike sat down on the sofa next across the room from Clayton, who was still sitting there on the same sofa where he had died. The woman’s head sitting on the green gelatin that fell from the ceiling was still sitting directly in front of Clayton’s feet. The woman took her eyes off of Clayton and looked over at Mike. 	“Why did you help me?” Mike asked her.
	“Because you are the same as me, an angry spirit. You didn’t want to die, you wasn’t ready to die and then the same son of a bitch that killed me, killed you,” she answered. “You and I think the same thoughts.”
	“And what am I thinking?” he asked just to see if she knew.
	“You are a vengeful soul and you plot to destroy those who murdered you,” she answered correctly. “That is evident by the way you killed the man who worked to deceive you in your business matters.”
	Mike looked over at her. “How do I kill Vanimeter and Bruno?”
	“They are already dead.”
	“How do I destroy them? Will you help me?”
	“The more appropriate question is will you help me? Look around, all the souls that you see on any floor of this hotel will not.”
	“What do you want me to do?”
	“Attach my head to my body. My body is mindless and walks around aimlessly throughout the hotel. Lift my head from the gelatin and let’s find it.”
	Mike gently picked up her severed head and carried it through the lobby cradled there under his arm. He searched through the lobby looking for the decapitated body. It would be easy to find because it was covered in blood and would be staggering blindly somewhere in the hotel. 
	They found the body in the kitchen bumping into the tables and appliances. Mike sat her head down on a table and started rummaging in the kitchen cabinets. He finally found a turkey lacing kit and stuck it in his pocket. He then knocked the rest of the things sitting on the table off in the floor before going over to grab the body. The body put up at fight as he drug it over to the table where the head was sitting and wrestled it over on the table and held it down. The bloody body continued to put up a fight and he had to climb up on the table and sit on it. He then reached over for the head and placed on the body and began sewing it back on with the lacing kit.
	After the sewing was finished and Mike got off of her, the woman sat up on the table and looked around the kitchen for a moment. “Thank you, I’ve been waiting for years for someone to do that,” she told him.
	Mike was still out of breath from the wrestling match, but he was just as impatient as ever. “So, how are you going to help me?”   
	“Listen, you can’t want these spirits destroyed anymore than I do, especially that son of a bitch that killed me.” She lifted her hand, looked at it and flexed her fingers. “I have been doomed to sit on that pile of gelatin for years and watch as my mindless body staggered around. Now is the time for my revenge and for your revenge, but we have a lot to do before that can happen. You have to do things exactly right or we will destroy ourselves before we annihilate their souls. We will send them to hell where they belong!”

	Jim was sound asleep in bed with his wife when he suddenly woke up out of breath. He laid there for a moment wondering what he was dreaming about when he suddenly saw Mike standing there at the foot of his bed. It scared Jim who thought he was still dreaming, but as he looked around his bedroom, he knew that it was not a dream. 
	“You’re dead,” Jim blurted out.
	Mike motioned with his hand that he wanted Jim to get out of bed and follow him into another room. The last thing he wanted him to do was wake his wife because he wouldn’t be able to tell him the purpose of his visit.
	Jim got out of bed and followed after him thinking that he was having one of the strangest dreams in his life. Mike stopped and turned around to face him in the in the kitchen. Jim saw a key to the hotel sitting on the counter. “I need your help,” Mike said.
	“What do you want me to do?” Jim asked.
	The first thing Jim thought of the next morning when he awoke was the vision of Mike. He wondered if it was real or just a dream, but it really didn’t matter because he had a burning desire to get to the hotel and was certain that it was not a dream when he went to the kitchen and saw the key laying on the counter.


















Chapter 20

	Richard and Carlos couldn’t understand why it was so important to meet Jim at Shirley’s coffee shop across the street from the hotel that morning, but he insisted when he called them both on his cell phone. They opened the door to find him sitting at the counter talking to Shirley while drinking his coffee.
	“Thank you guys for coming,” he smiled as they walked in.
	“It’s not everyday that you offer to buy the coffee,” Richard grinned as he and Carlos joined him.
	Shirley poured them each a cup as they sat down. “What’s so all fired important that we meet so early?” Richard asked. “It’s not like we all got jobs to go to this morning.”
	“Si, we all got laid off yesterday, remember, vato?” Carlos teased as he put creamer in his coffee. “You know it’s over when they ask for your key!”
	“That’s just it. We were all there yesterday and turned in our keys and gave ’em to Clayton, right?” Jim reached in his shirt pocket and pulled out the key holding it up for them to see. “So, how the hell did I get this one?”
	“Well, you tell us,” Richard said.
	“I saw Mike last night,” Jim said just to get it out on the open. 
	“Oh, bullshit,” Carlos scoffed.
	“No, I’m serious,” Jim defended.
	“Damnit to hell, Jim, Mike’s dead,” Richard was annoyed to even hear such a thing. “Fuck me to tears!” He quickly looked over at Shirley. “Sorry, he apologized.
	Shirley shook her head. “It ain’t nothin’ I ain’t ever heard before.”
	Carlos took another sip of coffee and shook his head in disbelief.
	“Mike came to me in a dream last night and told me that our work at the hotel wasn’t finished. He told me what we needed to do and how to do it. He also told me that when we went in this morning we would find Clayton sitting on a sofa, dead from a heart attack.”
	“Well, there’s only one thing to do,” Carlos said after hearing him out. “Let’s go over to the hotel and see.”
	“You boys go on ahead,” Shirley told them. “I’ll stay here in case I have a customer. I ain’t sittin’ foot in that damned place.”
	
	Jim inserted the key in the lock and opened the lobby door to the hotel. They stepped inside and sure enough, there was Clayton’s body sitting on the sofa. Richard and Carlos both suspiciously watch Jim.
	“Jim, I’ve known you for years and I know that you’re not a murderer, but how do we know that you didn’t set this up?” Richard asked.
	“Just call the cops and let’s get the body out of here,” Jim said. “Then we can get started with our work.”
	“What work is that?” Richard shouted.
	Jim thought for a moment to consider what he was going to say knowing that it was going to sound crazy no matter what words he used. “To cast the evil spirits out of here.”
	Carlos wished that he hadn’t heard that because he was superstitious about spirits, demons and such. The only reason that he took the job at the hotel in the first place was the fact that he needed the money.
	Richard dialed 911 and the cops and paramedics were there within minutes. The justice of the peace came and pronounced Clayton dead at the scene before they moved his cold, stiff body out of the hotel while Jim called the power company and told them to cancel the cutoff order.
	The men called their crews in and they worked fast and furiously because they were afraid that after Clayton‘s funeral was over there would be someone else from the office to come shut down the hotel operations. They concentrated on the 14th floor in the Cloud Room following Jim’s orders who was working to make it just like Mike had instructed him. He ordered truckloads of heavy glass and mirrors and when they were finished three days later, the Cloud Room was like mirrored maze and the balcony was like an enclosed atrium. 
	Two more trucks came; one carrying a load of crucifixes, the other was loaded with white sage. “I’ve bought two tons of this stuff,” Jim told Richard and Carlos as their men were unloading it. “I want at least two hundred pounds scattered in bundles throughout the lobby, the kitchen, the dining room, the ballroom and the basement. From there, I want one hundred pounds scattered in bundles on each floor all the way up to the Cloud Room. I want a crucifix attached to every door in this place and I want all the doors opened to every room.”
	
	By late afternoon everything was in order and to specifications, the men dismissed their crews and placed large mirrors in front of the lobby doors to seal off the hotel. Jim shook hands with Richard and Carlos. “I want to thank you both for helping me with the project. I only did what Mike told me to do, but I have to tell you now that I don’t know what I’m doing. I can only hope that everything works out and we’ll meet in the morning at Shirley’s to talk about this over coffee.”
	“I’m not ashamed to admit that I’m scared,” Carlos told them smiling nervously.
	“Aren’t we all?” Richard grinned.
	Jim looked over at them giving them a reassuring grin. “One of you go to one end of the hotel, I’ll go to the other. One of us stays here. We light up the bundles of sage and the smoke should drive the ghosts to the elevators and staircases since they can’t escape through glass or mirrors.” 



	 
	


	
 Chapter 21

	With Richard on the west end of the hotel and Carlos on the east, Jim was in the basement when he lit the sage and the smoke entered the air. He heard a yell and saw the young man with the severed body dragging himself across the floor to the service elevator with the child in the wheelchair leading the way. Once they were inside the boy pushed the button and they fled to the kitchen.
	Jim hurried back up the stairs where he lit some more sage on the top step. He could hear the moaning, screaming and crying of the spirits throughout the entire first floor. There he joined forces with Richard and they followed along behind the ghosts as they were being herded toward the elevators and the staircases.
	Once they were all in the lobby and making their way to the staircases and elevator, Vanimeter turned around to protest. “This is my hotel! Who the hell do you men think you are?”
	Bruno was at his side and if he were given the chance, he would have chopped the men to pieces, but there seemed to be an invisible barrier between him and the three men that were driving the spirits upstairs and so he had no choice other than to follow the others upstairs.
	In addition to Vanimeter and Bruno, Ronnie was also there, as was the young man chopped in half crawling on the floor and the boy in the wheelchair. They were well aware of the three men’s presence and would voice their objections, but the other hundreds of ghosts seemed oblivious to the fact that they were even there. They all mumbled and talked among themselves and seemed interested in only in getting upstairs and away from the smoke.

	Floor by floor the men worked their way up the hotel. The closed doors with the crucifixes attached to each one prevented the spirits from going into rooms in an effort to escape. Jim thought Mike had came up with a perfect plan for corralling the spirits so they could be exorcised from the hotel. He was unaware that it was the waitress’ plan, not Mike’s.
	Up in the suite on the 7th floor, the waitress, Vivian and Mike were locked safely inside, but they could hear the commotion going on outside. Mike could tell that Vivian was terrified and so he held her tightly as they waited for all of the spirits to pass. The waitress was not scared at all, she considered all of her time at the Grand without her head attached to her body to have been hell, she was ready for her final judgment so her soul could be set free in her just reward.
	She suddenly started for the door and turned to Mike and Vivian before she opened it. “I’m certain that I don’t want to stay here,” she said and then suddenly opened the door and joined the others in the hall.

	The Cloud Room was filled with the ghosts of the Grand when Carlos, Jim and Richard made it to the top floor. They set the remaining bundles of sage on fire and the smoldering bundles filled the ballroom with smoke. The choking spirits could not pass through the glass and mirrors that surrounded them and they were falling to the floor smothering in the dense, fog-like smoke and asphyxiating like insects that have sprayed with insecticide. Jim bravely walked out into the mass of bodies and took a pistol out of the waistband on his jeans. He suddenly fired seven shots into the glass roof of the Cloud Room. The glass shattered causing a large hole in the roof and the bodies of the deceased along with the smoke began to rise out of it amid screams of terror and cries of joy. When they passed through the large hole into the open air outside, the spirits were either cast into heaven or hell, it was impossible to tell, the only thing for sure was that their days of being held in purgatory at the Grand were over.
	The souls of the susceptible went first. They were the ones that no longer wished to stay in limbus patrum; they were ready to receive their just reward. One after another they went through the vortex in the glass ceiling like matter being sucked into a black hole in space. The waitress, the little boy in the wheelchair and the young elevator operator were among the first souls to go.
	After this mass exodus, there were three unwilling spirits to contend with and they were none other than Vanimeter, Ronnie and Bruno. They would require a little something extra to get them. Carlos knew what to do; he pulled a crucifix from his back pocket and held it in front of him as he walked toward the three malevolent spirits.
	“I banish you from this place and I command you to hell,” he shouted walking amid the whirling vortex.
	“You can’t banish me from here,” Vanimeter shouted at him. “I own this place!”
	“My Lord, Jesus Christ commands you,” Carlos shouted back.
	Vanimeter turned to Bruno. “Get rid of this bible thumping bastard,” he told him.
	Bruno stepped forward and as he did, the vortex changed positions moving toward him. Bruno was helplessly sucked up into the whirling mass and was gone within an instant.
	The vortex then moved closer to Vanimeter and Ronnie and increased its velocity. Ronnie was first to be sucked away. His screams could be heard for a few moments as Vanimeter accepted the fact it was useless to resist.
	“Damn your soul to hell,” Vanimeter shouted at Carlos who bravely stood his ground. Vanimeter was suddenly swept away leaving the Cloud Room cleansed of all spirits. The vortex disappeared with Vanimeter and Carlos fell to his knees exhausted. Jim and Richard rushed to his aide.

	The three men stood outside looking at the hotel satisfied in knowing that they had finished their job. Jim hoped that Mike was satisfied and would now leave him in peace as did Richard and Carlos. They would hold what they did here in secret knowing that no one, with the possible exception of Shirley, would believe them anyway.

	Inside the empty Cloud Room, a band slowly materialized on stage and began playing And Then Some. Mike held Vivian tightly in his arms and they danced the night away knowing that they would be together forever inside the Grand Hotel.
	 
	
	
	

