THE GHOSTS OF FORT ORD


By
Karen Truesdell Riehl



SMASHWORDS EDITION


*****


PUBLISHED BY:
Karen Truesdell Riehl on Smashwords


The Ghosts of Fort Ord
Copyight © 2013 by Karen Truesdell Riehl



Thank you for downloading this free ebook. Although this is a free book, it remains the copyrighted property of the author and may not be reproduced, scanned, or distributed for any commercial or non-commercial use without permission from the author. Quotes used in reviews are the exception. No alteration of content is allowed. If you enjoyed this book, then encourage your friends to download their own free copy.

This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. It may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. If you're re-reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return it to Smashwords.com and purchase your own copy. Your support and respect for the property of this author is appreciated.

This book is a work of fiction and any resemblance to persons, living or dead, or places, events or locales is purely coincidental.  The characters are productions of the author’s imagination and used fictitiously.

Cover design by Ronnell D. Porter


*****


DEDICATED TO ALL GHOSTS I'VE KNOWN AND LOVED


*****


Fort Ord is located on Highway 1, nine miles north of Monterey, California, 115 miles south of San Francisco. Founded as a cavalry post in 1917, it was known as Camp Gigling, named after a German family who originally held title to the land. In 1933 the name was changed to Fort Ord. It became a major training post during World War II.
Fort Ord served as a basic training center from 1947 until 1975, when it became home to the 7th Infantry Division. The fort was inactivated in 1993.


*****


TABLE OF CONTENTS


PROLOGUE
ONE
TWO
THREE
FOUR
FIVE
SIX
SEVEN
EIGHT
NINE
TEN
ELEVEN
TWELVE
THIRTEEN
FOURTEEN
FIFTEEN
SIXTEEN
SEVENTEEN
EIGHTEEN
NINETEEN
TWENTY
TWENTY-ONE
TWENTY-TWO
TWENTY-THREE
TWENTY-FOUR
TWENTY-FIVE
TWENTY-SIX
EPILOGUE


*****


PROLOGUE


When I was six years old I dreaded the first two weeks in July. I spent that time each year with my mother, my father, and my older brother (by 15 years and a bully by anybody’s standards), and with my grandmother on the Washington coast.
I hated going to Grandma’s house. Her motto was “Children are to be seen and not heard.” She practiced what she preached and expected my parents to do the same.
Most days were spent sitting in Grandma’s parlor with the door closed against any fresh air. We sat sweltering on Grandma’s leather couch for hours, not saying a word. The only sound was her grandfather's clock ticking, which seemed to get louder as the hours passed. We cousins were dressed in our shorts, our bare skin glued to the hot leather cushions. When we got up we squeaked, which caused lots of giggling and pointing from the cousins and disapproving stares from the adults.
If we were lucky, in mid afternoon we'd move to the south porch and sit. Quietly.
I usually missed the "thrill" of the south porch. For me it was nap time. It took place in Grandma’s bedroom, in the center of her giant four poster bed. Grandma’s sheets and blankets smelled of old people and sweet violet cologne. The sickening fragrance made me gag.
None of this would be that bad if it weren’t for the huge portraits of our ancestors on all four walls. The frames were hung so the dead were peering down at me. They looked mean. I was sure that any minute the "dear deceased" would swoop down and gobble me up. I closed my eyes as tight as I could. I hugged my quivering little body, held my breath, and hid my head between the sheets. My brother found me in that position a few times and took the opportunity to call me a scaredy cat.
I was a brave seven year old when I finally gave up and decided to stare those people down. They were really nothing but smelly old ghosts. Ghosts were not real. I believed that until I met Michael twenty-three years later.



ONE


 I was standing in line at the outdoor bar during a friend’s wedding reception, ordering a coke when I heard a voice behind me. 
“This lady doesn’t want a soft drink. She should be drinking a fine wine.”
I turned and saw a very cute guy with red curly hair and an impish grin. He held out a glass of champagne and said, “Care to join me and get away from the madding crowd?”
I barely had time to respond with “...oh...okay...” before he placed his hand in the small of my back and guided me through the crowd. We walked over the wide expanse of manicured lawn to a wooden bench set on a cliff high above the sandy beach.
“So... Miss ...?”
“Olivia Drake. But how do you know I’m not with someone...or married?”
“I saw you walk into the church...you’re not...are you?”
“No.”
“Good. Neither am I.”
He smiled. Crinkly lines appeared around his light blue eyes. “Shall we sit?”
“Well...okay.”
“I’m Michael Bauer. The groom is my cousin. Like the view?”
“Very much.” 
We both sat down, leaving about two feet of space between us.
“I thought you might have an Irish name,” I said. “You look so much like a tall version of...”
 “James Cagney? That’s what I’ve been told.”
“But your name, that’s not Irish”
“My father is German. I’m Irish on my mother’s side. Me dear grandfather was Jack O'Shaughnessy. He immigrated in the 1920’s, tap-dancing his way into me darlin’ grandmother’s heart.”
“Was your grandfather a professional dancer?”
“No. Just a natural clown who fell in love with my grandmother the first minute he saw her. Olivia's a lovely name. Where did it come from?”
“My grandmother.”
“Was she beautiful, too?”
I was lost for a response. I never thought my grandmother very attractive. And at five-feet nine with dishwater brown hair, I'd never been called beautiful.
“If you’ll wait for me, I’ll refresh our drinks and be right back.” He headed to the bar, and I realized for the first time in years I felt shy and at a loss for words. Then I saw him walking toward me, carrying two glasses of champagne and a plate of sandwiches. I took a deep breath and vowed to be more interesting. He sat down and put the plate on the bench between us.
“Okay, Olivia Drake, tell me about you.”
For the next hour we exchanged life stories. I told him I was a California girl. “Born in Sacramento and moved to Carlsbad with my family, when I was fourteen.”
His eyes twinkled. “We’re practically neighbors. I’ve lived in Oceanside all my life. Go on.”
“I have one brother, fifteen years older.” I left out the part about Parker being a schizophrenic. “And a great set of parents.”
“That’s nice to hear.”
“Hear what?”
"That you brag about your parents. Do you live with them?”
“No, they live in Escondido. I’ve got a condo in Encinitas. It’s just me and Roger...my cat.”
“Cat huh? Guess I’d better not bring my pet python over to your house.”
“My God! You have a python?”
“Just kidding. What do you do to earn your keep?”
He seemed truly interested in what I had to say. I began to relax. “I’m a part time, wannabe successful and wealthy novelist and a part time free lance editor. What about you?”
“I work at the university. And, from that applause, the bride and groom must be about to cut the cake. I’d better go see if there is anything I can do to help. Will you stay nearby so I can find you when things quiet down?”
“I’ll be here.”
He returned forty minutes later. We talked movies, politics, and books until after the sun went down and the caterers were cleaning up. As we stood to leave, I saw again he was a full three inches taller than I and envisioned my head cradled on his shoulder.
We walked to my car without speaking for several blocks through a charming neighborhood filled with small, well-kept beach homes. The evening was perfect. There was even a slight breeze that moved the leaves just enough to remind me of a romantic movie.
I felt certain he was about to kiss me when we stopped at my car and he said, “Hand me your keys and I’ll open the door.” Which he did, and added, “Good night, Olivia. It was fun talking to you. Give my regards to your cat.”
Feeling empty and angry with myself, I watched him walk away. Olivia, you fool, you blew it. But at that moment he stopped, turned back towards me and yelled, “Is your telephone number in the book?”
“Yes,” I yelled back.
“Good!”
My dreams that night were filled with Michael and great sex. In the morning I lay in bed thinking about great sex and Michael.

Saturday morning breakfast on the deck of my apartment has always been one of my favorite hours of the week. But that morning it seemed lonely and dull.
I showered, dressed and was tying up my shoes for a beach jog when the phone rang. I tripped over my shoe laces diving for the phone.
“Olivia, hi. This is Michael Bauer.”
A breathless, “Hi,” was all I could manage.
“It looks like a great day up here in Oceanside. How is it in Encinitas?”
“It’s warm and sunny. No May gray at all. I just had breakfast on my deck.”
“Would you care for a beach walk this morning?”
“...Yes, I’d love it.”
“Great. How about 10 o’clock?”
“That would be perfect.”
The morning newspaper was in my hands, and I was pretending to read it, when Michael drove up and parked in front of my condo. I watched as he got out of his car as my insides filled with a thousand butterflies. He smiled, waved and galloped up the twenty wooden stairs. We stood a foot apart, grinning at each other until he stepped so close to me I was sure he could hear my heart beating.
“Hi,” he said as he cradled my face in both his hands. Our first kiss was gentle. The second was long and intense. Then he looked at me, smiled and said, “How’s your cat?” Before I could answer, he said, “We’d better go for that beach walk or I might rip your clothes off.” 
At the bottom of the stairs he took my hand, kissed me lightly, and said, “You lead the way.”
The tide was low, the sun was warm. I can’t remember if there were other people walking or not. I only knew I was with Michael, holding hands with Michael. We walked north on the sandy beach. Neither of us spoke a word for several minutes until I said, “The wedding was beautiful.”
He stopped walking. Fixing his eyes on me, he said, “So are you. You have a simple, natural beauty. Please don’t ever lose it.”
We walked until the tide was about to cut us off, then ran off into the streets of Encinitas. We stopped for coffee, scrambled eggs and French fries at the Morning Spread Café overlooking the beach. We held hands while we ate and as we walked back to my condo.
Stopping at the foot of the stairs, Michael asked, “Does your cat get jealous?”
“Yes. Like a tiger.”
“Guess I’ll have to fight him off.”
We ran up the stairs two at a time. When we were inside he asked, “Do you have a bed in one of those rooms?”
“Follow me.”
We barely made it to the bedroom, throwing off clothes as we ran.
We fell onto the bed. I could barely breathe. I wanted him so much I would have ripped his penis from his body and inserted it myself if he hadn’t entered me at that moment. When he did, I exploded in the longest and most powerful orgasm I'd ever known.
“That was quite a welcome,” he said, as he lay beside me with his head propped up on his hand. “Do you greet all your visitors this way?”
“Only very cute, red headed Irish guys.”
“Would you accept an invitation to dinner from this red headed Irish guy?”
“Yes.”
“And would you mind if the same guy stayed here until it’s time to leave for dinner?”
“I’d be crushed, if he didn’t.”



TWO


We had dinner on the terrace of a Chinese restaurant overlooking the water. That evening they could have put a plate of cooked worms in front of me and I wouldn’t have known the difference. I only cared that Michael was there.
The second evening we took sandwiches and beer to the beach and sat on the sand, our bodies close, our bare feet buried together, watching the sun disappear into the Pacific Ocean.
"You know what they say, don’t you?” Michael whispered into my ear. “If you see the green flash, you’re about to fall in love.”
His face was so close to mine I could feel his breath on my cheek.
“Yes, I’ve heard that.”
I turned to him. His face was so serious he looked almost in pain. “I think I just saw the flash,” he whispered. 
Michael stayed with me that night, and we made love more memorable than the night before.
At some point during the night I dreamt I was awake. I was walking somewhere outdoors. I couldn't tell where I was. It was cold and windy. In the distance I saw fifteen or twenty men running towards me, hailing me. As they came closer, I saw they were soldiers. Soldiers from different eras, different wars. Some wore bloody uniforms. A few leaned on crutches. Others carried rifles. All were faceless and moaning. They reached for me, trying to touch me. I wanted to run, but I couldn’t move. I turned away and tried to scream, but I couldn’t make a sound.
I awoke, shaking and soaked with perspiration. Slipping out of bed, I tiptoed into the bathroom, lifted a towel from the hook and splashed water on my face. I sat on the edge of the tub until I stopped trembling. After an hour, I went back to my room and climbed into bed. Afraid of returning to my dream, I did not let myself sleep.
To my joy, Michael came by every evening that week. We sat on the deck drinking beer and eating sandwiches, talking about everything and nothing. We danced to ‘60’s radio music. We kissed constantly.
One evening Michael made hats from the newspaper. It was my first gift from Michael and I was thrilled. The next night he taught me an Irish jig. As the sun went down we made love, caring more deeply for each other by the hour. I never felt so happy in my life. I couldn’t stop smiling.
The following weekend we drove up to Santa Barbara, where Michael had promised, “At the end of the pier you'll find the best clam chowder and ice cream cones in California.” We did. We sat at the end of the dock eating our chowder from hollowed out bread rolls. We each had two scoops of double chocolate ice cream, licking the drips off each other’s chins as we giggled our way back to the car, oblivious to the rest of the world.
Five months later, after spending every free minute together, Michael stopped suddenly during a hike in the woods, kneeling on one knee on the wet autumn leaves.
He looked up at me with tears in his eyes and said, “Me darlin,’ I’ve somethin’ I’m in need of sayin.” He hesitated and kissed my hand. “I love you. Will you be my wife?”
“Oh, Michael...”
“Oh, Michael...what?”
“I love you. Of course, I’ll marry you.”

I couldn’t wait to tell my parents about our engagement. I was sure they would be thrilled for me. How could they not be? The greatest guy in the world had asked me to marry him.
The next morning I called to make sure they would both be home. I parked in the driveway of the only colonial style home in a row of small tan and pink adobe style homes. The stately home was daddy's bribe to get mother to agree to move inland to Escondido, closer to his work, but away from her beloved ocean.
Mother greeted me with a warm hug. She looked, as always, beautifully coifed and was wearing her “before noon clothes,” as she called her bright red cotton morning coat that zipped up in front. “I can unzip, hop out fast, do some dusting, and jump back in, if someone comes to the door. Perfect for a woman who doesn’t want a house keeper under foot.”
“Hi, darling. Daddy had an errand to do. He’ll be back in an hour or so. Come on in and we’ll catch up.”
I followed her to the living room sofa. She sat down and patted the overstuffed seat beside her. “Come and sit. You sounded so excited on the phone.”
I sat and took a deep breath, “Mom, I’ve got some wonderful news. But I want to wait until daddy is here so I can tell you together.”
“Olivia, I think I know.”
She looked steadily into my eyes. “You’ve been seeing a lot of Michael and you think you’re in love.”
“No. We know we’re in love. And...”
“And he’s asked you to marry him.”
“Yes! Isn’t that the most exciting news you’ve ever heard? Well... of course, since daddy asked you to marry him. I mean... mom, say something!”
She sat still, looking steadily into my eyes. “You’ve only known him for a few months.”
“I know it all happened fast. But mom, I do love him and I know he loves me and he’s wonderful and kind and sweet and...”
“Have you told him?”
“Told him what?”
“You know.” She put her hand on mine and gave me a penetrating stare.
I stood up and escaped across the room to the security behind the grand piano. “For God’s sake mom, it’s not that bad, and let’s not scare him off before he gets to the altar!”
“Olivia, you don’t have to shout. I’m right here. Please, dear, come back and sit down.
I stayed by the piano and folded my arms. “Okay. Mom, let’s chat about the family curse. Or, as you like to call it, the family disease.” I gave her a cheerless smile.
“Do you intend to have a family?”
“MOM, for God’s sake, that is none of your business!”
“Yes, it is my business. Your children would be my grandchildren and I don’t want to see...”
"YOU don’t want to see!” I started for the door. “I’m not even married yet and you have my kids going insane!”
“Olivia...dear.”
I opened the door, “Please tell daddy I was here and that Michael and I are going to be married. Maybe his reaction will be more accepting. Call me when you can talk about something besides lunacy.”
I left without closing the door.



THREE


During the next few weeks Mother called several times to “talk about the problem.” I let her know each time she called it was strictly my business and I was moving ahead with wedding plans.
She finally gave up and asked me to lunch so she could, “Give you my blessings, ask forgiveness, offer to help in any way I can but I know it’s your day and I won’t try to take over.”
And she didn’t. For the next few weeks it was a loving family. Mom and I took care of the wedding details that daddy called, “all those fussy things women do.”
Daddy and Michael disappeared into daddy’s den to “watch a game.” As the weeks went by, they became close friends, often giving each other silly excuses for “just five more minutes to see a bit more action.”

We were married the next summer in an ivy-covered gazebo in my parent’s huge back yard, surrounded by giant palm and eucalyptus trees and sixty friends and relatives. My best friend, Molly Alvarez, presided as my matron of honor, wearing a flamboyant many-colored, floor length style dress and a pink rose in her thick dark brown hair. Her army sergeant husband of one year, Rick, beamed at her from the second row.
Michael’s cousin, Richard, served as best man. His petit, red headed mother held hands with his tall and slightly overweight father through the ceremony and into the evening.
The reception was fun and loud and happy and lasted until midnight, with a five piece group playing songs from the 1940’s to the 80s.
After a honeymoon cruise to Mexico, a wedding gift from Michael’s parents, we moved into a rented, four-room, bright-yellow beach house in Oceanside. We were both thrilled with it. The railed front porch was only one step higher than the sand. Flower boxes filled with geraniums rested under every window. The natural oak floors and 1940’s style kitchen disappointed only daddy, who had hoped for, “Some repairs he could do.” 
We knew it wasn’t repair work he was after, but an excuse to take barefoot walks in the sand. Understanding that, we made up reasons to call on him often for his handyman talents.
Michael made sure that our first purchase of a double bed and mattress “were perfect for lots of use” and insisted we lie down together on several in three different shops until he was satisfied.

The first six months were perfect. I fell more in love with Michael every passing day. I didn’t want to spoil a minute by broaching the subject of the family curse. But when Michael began to talk about our having a family I knew, in all fairness, I’d have to tell him. He’d been an only child and from what he told me, a very lonely one.
There was no trace of his Irish charm when he told me about his childhood. “My father spent his life following his dream of becoming a famous musician. Mom and I traveled with him from one city to another, until I was nine.” 
In sudden anger Michael slammed the wall so hard the picture on the other side of the wall fell to the floor. “That was when they decided to stash me in a boarding school and left me to mold.”
He stood still breathing heavily for a minute. Then his mood changed. He laughed, clapped his hands together once and said, “Hence, my love, if you’re game, I’d like to have a big family.”
“A big family sounds wonderful." My brother was fifteen years older and I'd been raised as a single child, yearning for a sister.

A week later, as we sat on our porch with our mugs of Sunday morning coffee, I gathered up my courage.
“Honey, I have to tell you something.”
He turned to me, moving his eyebrows up and down with a big grin. “Is this news what I think it is?”
“If you mean, are we pregnant? No, not yet. It does concern having babies, though...”
“Don’t tell me you’ve changed your mind.”
“No, Michael, I want children as much as you do. It’s something else.”
“You’re not sick are you?”
“No. I’m not sick. “
“Well it can’t be too bad then. Tell me."
“This is not easy. It’s about my family.”
“What about your family?”
I stood up and walked to the railing, leaning my back against it. “Remember what I told you about my grandmother? The one I’m named after?”
“Sure. You told me the first night we met.”
“But I didn’t tell you she was mentally ill.”
“I’m sorry to hear that, but what’s that got to do with us?”
“She was not only mentally ill, she killed herself.”
“She committed suicide? Why?”
“I really don’t know. But Mom says she’d been depressed for years.”
“Why?”
"I don’t know.”
“Hey, you don’t have to yell at me.”
“Michael, I’m so sorry. I didn’t even realize I was yelling. Maybe I shouldn’t tell you.”
I turned toward the beach. Michael crossed the porch and held me in his arms, “Maybe you shouldn’t talk about it. Is it really so important that I know?”
I didn’t know what to say. Maybe he was right. Maybe I shouldn’t force the issue.
We stood silently for a moment looking at the sand and the ocean, watching kids playing Frisbee and parents dipping their infants in and out of the water. I suddenly wanted a child more than anything in the world.
I turned to face my husband and blurted, “Mental illness runs in my family. My brother and cousin are schizophrenic, my mother suffers from depression...and so do I.” I felt totally vulnerable, as if I were standing naked in front of a jury.
Michael laughed. “Oh, sweetheart, is that all? I thought you were going to tell me your grandmother was Lizzie Borden. This is nothing.”
“Well, actually it’s more than nothing, a lot more.” I couldn’t believe he was laughing. “But, Michael, did you hear what I said? Mental illness runs in the family. Don’t you see? Our children...”
Michael laughed again, gave me a hug and laughed once again. “Forget it. I don’t believe in that stuff. Mental illness does not run in families. If people want to be sane, they will be sane. It’s an excuse for doing or saying stupid things. It comes from ignorance.”
His words hurt me more than he could know. But I kept silent and let him continue.
“My grandfather was dour and abrupt, but I’m not afraid my children will inherit his sour moods. Hey, sweetie, just whistle a happy tune. You’ll be okay.”
He laughed again, before turning somber. “My mom always talked about ghosts and fortune tellers. I swore when I got married there’d be none of that in my house. You won’t go off your rocker as long as you have me to take care of you.” He stepped toward me, his arms open wide. “Come here and let me hold you. Then we’re going to take a walk and forget all about it.”
Feeling both relief and anger, I stepped into his arms not saying a word.



FOUR


I didn’t tell anyone about my conversation with Michael. Not even my best friend Molly, though I was tempted. But rethinking what Michael had said, I began to feel better about it. He wasn’t worried about our having children and wasn’t concerned that I might "go off my rocker." I let myself relax and concentrate on our happy marriage and my writing career.
That was when the reoccurring nightmares began. Three or four times a month. The dream begins with me standing in the middle of a field. At one end is a long low, dilapidated Army barracks. Most of the gray paint has peeled away from the walls, and some siding has fallen off. The roof is partly collapsed.
The field stretches out for hundreds of acres. I feel alone and vulnerable. I walk to the open front door of the barracks. I’m terribly afraid of going any farther, but at the same time I’m drawn forward and step through the doorway.
The room is neither old nor dilapidated. It’s huge and elegant, with a high ceiling and one enormous chandelier hanging from it. The floors are of shiny light hardwood. Three walls are soft pink with needlepoint hangings. The entire fourth wall is a mirror with a bar in front. The bar is made of maple, elaborately carved with images of dead and wounded soldiers.
There is a faint sound of a piano playing Taps. The room is empty of furniture and people. But I hear voices, not distinguishable, just low mumbling.
I walk slowly to the center of the room and stop. I’m waiting for something or someone. I want to run for the door, but I’m frozen in place. A stream of light comes from one small window on the far end. There is just enough light to see that parts of the wood floor and ceiling have begun to crumble. The room has taken on a foul smell. Lumber has been piled in uneven, fallen stacks. I want to go back, but something stops me. I walk forward, across the room, and open another door.
Now I feel their presence. I can’t see them. I just know they’re here. They’re soldiers. Dead soldiers. They come closer. I want to move away, but again am unable to move.
The soldiers surround me. Some are weeping. They whisper to me. They want to tell me how they were in life. How fine they looked in their dress uniforms. How they anticipated shipping out to kill the enemy. How they cried out when they were shot. How it felt when they died. Then, barely touching me, they caress my arms, my face my neck. Their fingers are cold. I open my mouth to cry out, but no sound will come.
They’re seducing me. I want to run away, but my legs won’t move. I continue to hear the ghosts mumble. Their light touch is all over me, like a swarm of spiders.
They pull open my shirt and caress my breasts. Their moans, now close to my ears, grow steadily louder. I’m terrified, but now I don’t want them to stop. They lift and begin to carry me high above their heads.
Awakening is awful. I don’t want to open my eyes. I’m certain it's not been a dream. I expect to see or feel the ghosts as I lie there.

The first time I experienced the dream I must have been whimpering because Michael woke me to ask why I was crying. As he held me I described my dream. I expected him to sympathize, but he patted my back, and said, “You know what the ghosts were, don’t you? The mashed potatoes you had for dinner. I warned you not to have a second helping.” He patted me again. “Now go to sleep, scaredy cat.”
It reminded me of the days my older brother had made fun of me as I lay terrified in my grandmother's bed under the threatening stares of our family's ancestors.
Michael rolled over, and I soon heard snoring. I lay beside him in the dark, fearing I’d see the ghosts in our room and remembering the horror of their touch.
A few days later, I had the dream again. When I told Michael about it he scoffed, “Come on, Livi, it’s just a dream. Enough is enough. I don’t want to hear about another of your so called ghost dreams! You sound like my mother, always talking about the wee people.”
The nightmares continued, but I vowed not to tell Michael about their return. Sometimes, when I woke up, the dream had been so vivid I was certain I hadn't been asleep. I began to anticipate its return. I found myself looking forward to it. I wanted to be with the ghosts.



FIVE


I decided to tell Molly about the dreams on one of our beach walks. She'd been my confidant since college and always tried to soothe,  never second guess me.
“Anything seem to bring ‘em on, Sugar?” she asked in her sweet southern drawl.
“I don’t know. I don’t think so. They’re frequent but not regular.”
“Have you thought about keeping track, maybe a diary?”
“That’s a good idea...and I have another idea.”
“What’s that?”
“Would you go to a psychic with me?”
“Sure...I guess so. What do you hope to learn?”
“I’m not sure. I’d just like to know if my dreams mean anything.”
“Okay.” She rubbed her arms. “I’ll go, but for now, let’s get off this subject, I’m beginning to get goose bumps.”

Ten days later my doctor confirmed what I’d suspected. I was pregnant, about two months along. I called mom with the good news.
"That’s wonderful! I’ll bet Michael is happy.”
“You’ve no idea! He brings me flowers nearly every day, does the dishes after dinner and makes me go to bed at 8 o’clock every night.”
“Good for Michael. And how’s the morning sickness?”
“None! I can’t believe it. So far this pregnancy is a breeze.”
“What can we buy for the baby? How about the crib?
‘Let’s wait a couple of months, mom. Then we’ll know better what we need.”
“Fine, dear. Take good care of yourself and give our love to the new daddy. We’ll see you soon.”

We were driving home from a matinee movie when I felt the first pains. They came so fast and hard they shocked me. Michael raced to find the nearest hospital, but before they could get me into a room, I’d lost the baby.
To his great credit Michael showed more concern for me than for his own disappointment. He stayed home the next week and was sweeter and kinder to me than he’d been since we’d first fallen in love. He seemed genuinely to care how I felt. But it was for my physical well being, not my mental one. He made that very clear.
“No more talk about ghosts and goblins! Eat those veggies, sweetie, and you’ll be up and feeling fine in no time. And darling, please try not to be so glum."

After Michael returned to work, I picked up the phone and called Molly. I visualized her running across the room barefoot, her dark brown braid flopping as she ran to pick up her 1930’s faux-dial telephone.
She answered with her perpetually cheery voice. I asked her to come over to the apartment for lunch.
“I’ll be there, and I’ll bring the food.”
She arrived wearing a woven red and orange skirt and a sombrero, carrying the makings for a taco salad and margaritas.
“In honor of our Mexican friends, of which I have many, being married to one handsome hunk of one. Who, by the way, said to say, ‘Hi.'”
We had our salad and margaritas on the deck as I gave Molly the painful details of the miscarriage. “And now I’m sinking into another depression.”
“I’m so sorry. What does it feel like?”
“Like a heavy fog beginning to cover me. I feel empty and deeply sad and I have a giant headache.”
“Well, you have plenty of reasons to. Is there anything you can do about it?”
“Nope. Once I feel myself sliding it’s too late to stop it. It’s odd. I want to cry, to bawl my head off, but I can’t...and I feel so...alone.”
“Does Michael know?”
"No. He’d say, ‘It’s just the natural order of things, nothing to worry about.' He’d tell me not to eat mashed potatoes and I’ll feel fine in a week or two.”
She reached across the table and put her hand on mine. “I’ll always be here when you need me, Sugar. You know that don’t you?
“I do. And I love you for it.”
“I’m not sure if I should ask, but are you still having those awful ghost dreams?”
“No. Not lately.”
“Well, that’s a blessing. Look, how about if we get out of here for awhile? Do you feel like going out, or...?”
“I guess so...yes...where do you want to go?"
“Let’s go shopping. Next week is my second anniversary, and I think I deserve a new dress.”

We drove to a boutique in Carlsbad, a few miles north of Encinitas. I sat as Molly modeled ten different outfits, finally settling on a white ankle-length 1940’s style linen dress and a matching white jacket with huge shoulder pads. The clerk brought a wide brimmed white hat, placing it on Molly's head over her long dark brown hair. She looked at her reflection in the long mirror.
“OH I love it! What do you think, Liv?”
“You look gorgeous. Like a movie star. Rick will fall in love with you all over again. Besides, after your quick Vegas ceremony, without even, me there, you deserve a wonderful anniversary.”
Molly’s beautiful smile told me she agreed.
On our way out of the shop, she spied a set of gold ear studs she “had to have no matter how much they cost. I just know they’ll bring us luck.”

On Wednesday Molly called to tell me Rick had surprised her with overnight reservations at a hotel the following Saturday.
“Livi, I’m just excited out of my mind! Isn’t he wonderful? Isn’t he romantic? This is going to be the most sensational night of my life! No wonder I’m so crazy about him!”
“I’m happy for you. Call me next week and tell me everything!”

That night, as if I’d summoned them, the ghosts returned. I stood in the same huge, weed-filled field and entered the same dilapidated barracks with the empty interior and sad music. But this time the ghost whispers became more audible. Their words were not distinct, but I could tell they wanted me to listen to them. They wanted to tell me how they had died.
One young voice emerged above the others. I could hear him clearly. He said his name was Jeremy. He told me proudly that when the war was declared he and his best friend Gene had been the first ones in their town of seven hundred to enlist. The night before he shipped out he danced in this very room, falling in love with a beautiful dark-haired girl in a blue dress.
Jeremy died in a bloody water-filled trench in France from a bayonet wound. He asked me if I had seen the girl.
I told him, “No.”
He wanted to dance, reaching for me. I tried unsuccessfully to scream, and he disappeared. When I suddenly awoke, I was confused and had a terrific buzzing in my head. I must have sounded frightened because Michael turned in his sleep and mumbled, “It’s okay. You’re going to be okay.”
I lay there in the dark a few minutes thinking of Jeremy, deeply saddened, as if I had been the girl in the blue dress.
Crawling out of bed, I crept to the bathroom. After closing the door and turning on the light I saw my pale face and frightened eyes in the mirror and felt dizzy. I splashed water on my face and took a sip from my cupped hands. I sat on the cold tile floor until the buzzing in my head subsided.



SIX


At 11 o'clock on the evening of Molly’s anniversary celebration, the phone rang. We had just drifted off to sleep, so it took Michael several rings before he was awake enough to pick up the receiver. After answering in a very sleepy voice, he quickly handed it to me, “It's Molly.”
“Molly?"
“Yes.”
“You sound awful. What’s wrong?”
“Rick’s been shot.”
“Oh, my God! Molly...”
“He’s dead. I’m at General Hospital. Please...”
“We’ll be there in fifteen minutes.”

A nurse led us to Molly in an examining room. She sat shoeless in a straight-back chair. Her new white dress was stained with blood and dirt. Her face was drained of color, her eyes empty and staring.
“Thank you for coming,” she said.
Michael pulled over the only other chair in the room. I sat beside my friend as he left.
“I’ll find the doctor,” he whispered to me.
I held Molly's cold hand. “Do you want to talk about it?’
“I can’t remember much of it...we were walking to the car after dinner.” She spoke without emotion, as if she were describing the plot in a movie.
“A guy came up and pointed a gun at us and said he wanted our money. Rick said, 'No way, asshole.' He pushed me out of the way and grabbed for the gun. The guy shot him. Someone heard the shot. Then the police were there, and an ambulance...they brought us here and took Rick into surgery...Then they said, 'We’re sorry...he’s dead,' and could they call anyone for me? I said, ‘no.’ Then I called you.”
Molly sat looking straight ahead, her blood-stained fingers clawing at her white dress.
When Michael returned, he whispered to me Rick had died during surgery. Seeing Molly’s blank stare, we both knew she couldn’t and shouldn’t be left alone. With the two of us supporting her, we walked together through the long quiet hospital corridors to the front door and out to the car.

Molly was silent during the ride to our house. I put her to bed in the guest room, still decorated for our lost baby. She stayed in bed, not speaking for the next two days. On the third day she arose at dawn, showered, dressed and made up the bed. We found her in the kitchen scrambling eggs and drinking coffee. She was pale and thin. Her face held nothing but sorrow. She looked at me with expressionless eyes and said, “I was stupid to buy those ear studs. They weren’t good luck at all.”

Rick was given a military funeral at Fort Rosecrans National Cemetery in San Diego. His ten-year-old brother, Jose, stood ramrod straight with his chin up as he recited in a loud clear voice, the memorial he had written.
“I will always be proud to be your brother. You were brave and smart. You taught me to ride a bike, took me to movies and played 	touch football with me. You took me to SeaWorld and a Chargers game. You taught me how to talk to God, when I wanted to, not just when I was supposed to. I will miss you always. Vaya con Dios, mi hombre."
When he finished he stood wide-eyed, tears running down his cheeks. He held his shoulders back, his arms at his sides, staring at us until his uncle stepped forward to lead him to his seat.
Molly stayed with us for another week. We knew the first time she walked into her house it would be awful for her and offered to go with her. She told us no, she had to do it alone. The house would be filled with Rick. She had to be brave.
A month later she decided to move to another apartment. As we helped pack her things to move, I watched her carefully place her blood-stained anniversary dress in her keepsake trunk.



SEVEN


Four years after we met, Michael and I called my parents with wonderful news.
“We’re going to have twins! Do you believe it?” I held the receiver away from my ear so Michael could hear their reaction.
Mom immediately asked, “How do you feel?”
“I’m fine and happy and healthy and excited.”
“Any morning sickness?”
“That’s the bad part. It’s not just in the morning, it’s all day.”
“Good!”
“Thanks a lot.”
“I didn’t mean I’m glad you are suffering, I meant it’s a good sign. It means the babies are stuck good and tight. And two! They're boys.”
“How can you be sure?
“Oh, I just know.”
I visualized her wise look.
“Livi, this is daddy,”
“Hi, daddy. How are you?”
“Well...” He chuckled. “I’m pretty happy about being a grandfather of twins. But, more important, how do you feel?”
“I’m great, daddy. Very happy, and I feel great.”
After several more congratulations and assurances that I was feeling well, the conversation ended with my promise to allow them to buy us two cribs.

This time my pregnancy went to eight months. Eight months of heavy nausea. The last six weeks the movements of the twins and constant kicking became so irritating it was difficult do much more than sit in a straight chair. Which allowed me time to do some writing. But each time I sat down to write something cheerful, or at least an interesting short story, I found it dark and scary, filled with foreboding and fear. So I finally gave up writing in favor of knitting baby sweaters.
A cool-headed Michael drove me to the hospital in the early morning of July 12. The babies were born at noon. “Just in time for their lunch,” my doctor joked.
We named our two healthy boys Griffin Hanks and Theodore Morris, after their grandfathers.
The first time the nurse placed Griffin in my arms I was startled by a vague feeling of dread. I shivered. Thinking I was cold, the nurse brought me another blanket. The feeling passed and was soon forgotten. When I held Teddy I felt nothing but joy.
Fraternal twins, they looked nothing alike. Griffin was heavier than Teddy at birth by four ounces and shorter by half an inch. He resembled his father, with his red hair and blue eyes. Teddy’s blond hair and brown eyes mirrored mine.
Michael couldn’t stop smiling. His pride drove him to purchase two new cameras. “In case one flips out just when we need it,” and to talk baby talk, which he had sworn he’d never do.
Mom and dad didn’t give us just the promised two cribs. They added two dressers and a double stroller. Daddy was thrilled to be a grandpa, and mother was overjoyed to have two grandchildren.

In a few months it became obvious the twins were as dissimilar in personality as they were in appearance. Mischievous Teddy charmed everyone with his happy smile and silliness. Griffin, with his somber frowns, seemed content to sit alone, staring into space or at me.
I made the mistake of telling Michael about Griffin staring at me.
“Oh for God’s sake, Livi, you always have to be worried about something. The next thing you’ll come up with will be that he is really a ghost! Grow up, Livi!” then he punched the wall so hard, it left a crack.
I knew of his feelings about ghosts, but his sudden outburst startled and frightened me. I vowed never to bring up the subject again.

The boys were two years old when we bought an adobe style, four bedroom house a few blocks from my mom and dad in Escondido. It had a large backyard that we filled with every toy small boys could want.
I did my writing while the boys napped in the afternoon and in the evenings after bedtime so I could give them my full attention while they were awake. I kept to my schedule of writing three hours every day. My career and resume were growing.
When my friends came to visit, they had to be ready for an hour of twin-watching. Alone and lonely, Molly came often. We’d sit in the backyard watching the boys play.
“Molly, look at Griffy, sitting under that tree," I pointed out one day. "He’s thinking deep, profound thoughts.”
“Come on now, Livi,” Molly teased, “He’s only five years old. Do you really think he’s a deep thinker?”
“Maybe not, but he’s an awfully pensive child. Until he’s upset. Then, wow, watch out. He’s got a terrible temper.”
“I noticed that the last time I was here, when he threw that red plastic fire truck against the tree.”
“It was Teddy’s favorite toy," I said. "But I don’t think Griffy did it on purpose.”
“I’m sure you’re right. He’s not a mean child.”
“Look at Teddy jumping in the wading pool. He’s our risk taker. I worry about him, too.”
“Olivia Bauer, will you stop worrying? I’m Teddy’s godmother. Let me worry about him.” She looked back at the boys and giggled. “There’s no denying they are cute. I love watching them.”
“I do too. Something else I’ve noticed about Griffy, though. He watches Teddy a lot. He sits and stares at him for the longest time, but never joins him.”
“I think he’s admiring his brother.”
Molly studied my two children. Teddy was tall for his age, with thick blond hair and his father’s impish grin. Griffy was chubby, or “square” as Michael described him. He had curly red hair and deep-set, light-blue eyes.
“You’re lucky, Livi. They’re a joy. Come on now, get rid of those big creases in your forehead and enjoy your kids.”
“I know you’re right. I am lucky, and I’m crazy about them.”
“Now, let’s get on to the subject we’ve been avoiding all day. How’s your stress level?”
“You’re not asking that because I said ‘crazy,’ are you?”
“O course not,” she laughed. “But seriously, Sugar, how do you feel?”
"I’m fine. I feel happier than I have a right to.”
“Well, keep it up. I remember how depressed you were after your father died two years ago.”
“I know. That was hard on everyone. It was so sudden. Michael had to be both mom and dad for the kids. I had a hard time coming out of it.”
“I remember you were hallucinating a whole lot,” Molly said.
“I don’t hallucinate. My father came to me after he died. He stood in the garden and spoke to me. He told me to be brave.”
“I know you believe that, but...”
“Molly!”
“All right. All right. May I ask one more question?
“Sure.”
”Do you still have those ghost nightmares?”
“Oh, yes. Those creepy dreams arrive about every two months or so.”
“Are they the same?”
“Actually...no. They’re getting longer and more...ah, I don’t know...intimate. It’s awful.”
“Intimate?”
“I’m hearing their voices more clearly. They're telling me things.”
“Like?”
“Like how they died. And there’s one voice that’s familiar.”
“How do you mean, familiar?”
“I don’t know. I’m not sure. I know I wake up feeling very scared and kind of sick. Those ghosts are a scary bunch.”
“I know you’re trying to make light of it, Sugar, but those dreams are obviously driving you nuts. Let’s do something about them.”
“Like what? Not sleep?”
“Come on, now, I’m being serious.” She set her glass down and took my hand. “You know, a long time ago you asked me to go to a psychic with you. And then we both got busy with...things...and...”
“That was a long time ago. I’m surprised you remember.”
“Of course, I remember. It was a few days before your miscarriage. And a week before Rick was killed.”
“That was such a terrible time for us both.”
“Yes. Speaking of nightmares, that was the worst.” Her voice broke on the last few words. She sat for a moment, biting her lip. “But, listen, how about we go visit a psychic? Maybe she can tell us a few things that will make us both feel better.”
Standing up abruptly, Molly looked at her watch. “I’ve got a writing critique group to guide. Those senior. citizens wait for no one when it comes to creative writing.” She picked up her bag and laughed. "They have a new chant: 'We’re old. We’re bold. We won’t do what we’re told.' They’re a great group. I’m just crazy about every one of 'em."
She looked at her watch again. “I gotta go. Say hi to Michael for me. I’ll call you tomorrow and we’ll discuss going to a psychic. Okay?”
“Let’s decide now, before we chicken out,” I said.
“Okay, how about Friday?”
She waved and said goodbye to the boys. Teddy waved back. Griffin sat under his tree, looking straight ahead.



EIGHT


I called my mother Friday morning and asked for a name of a good psychic.
“Laura Penov on Fifth and Ash is the only one I trust. I’ve sent a lot of people to her. They’re always amazed at her spiritual powers.” She gave me the telephone number. I made an appointment for one o’clock.

As we entered the shop we were greeted by the tinkling of a small bell and the fragrance of sweet incense. The psychic stood in the center of a room crowded with overstuffed chairs and antique wooden tables. A black turban covered her head. She wore a simple, unadorned, black pantsuit.
“Hello. I’m Laura.” She smiled. “The spirits and I welcome you both. Follow me.”
I expected the backroom to be dark and spooky, but was surprised to see a homey kitchen, smelling of apple spice.
“Come in and take a seat at the table.” She set out a plate of sandwiches. “I find the spirits would rather come to a cheerful room than a gloomy one.” She sat down opposite us.
“Before we begin, do you have questions?” She spoke so quietly I had to lean forward to hear her.
Before either one of us had time to ask a question, she looked at Molly. “Your heart has been broken. He was the love of your life. He is watching over you. He will always love you and wants to know if you still have Peggy Sue.”
The color drained from Molly’s face. She stood up and yelled, “Rick!...Is he here?” She looked around the room. “RICK!”
“Yes, he’s here, dear,” Laura said.
“Can you see him? Where is he?” Molly’s breathing was shallow. Her eyes were opened wide and filled with tears.
“No. I can’t see him. He sends me his thoughts. He wants you to be happy. He knows you’ve been grieving. He wants you to understand that life is too short. You should make new memories.
“What else? What else?”Molly begged.
“He’s gone now.”
“NO! NO! No! Rick!” She looked desperately around the room. “OH, please...bring him back! Please bring him back.”
“I can’t, dear. It was his choice to come and his to leave.”
Tears streamed down Molly’s face. She was pale and trembling. For a moment I thought she might faint. I held her until her body was still. I whispered, “Molly, I think that’s enough for today. We should go home.”
“Yes. All right.” She turned to the psychic, “May I come back?”
“Of course,” Laura said, “but I can’t guarantee Rick will return.”
“I know...does he know I love him?”
“Yes. He knows.”
“Thank you.”
We were walking to the door when the psychic stopped me, took my hands and told me, “Spirits surround you, Olivia. Just open your heart and hear them.”
Her words jolted me. I felt off balance and had to steady myself. She looked at me in her softly serene way, “Do you understand?”
“I’m not sure.”
“You will be, dear. Just let it happen. They want to speak to you.”
“But I...”
She put her hand on my cheek, looking into my eyes. “If you let them come, they will. Just open your heart. Goodbye, my dear.”
We drove in silence to Molly’s house. She sat at her kitchen table while I brewed some tea.
“Here’s for the jitters,” I said, while I handed her the cup.
My dear friend looked at me with sad eyes. I knew she was grieving for Rick all over again. We sat sipping our tea, without talking, until she smiled at me. “He’s been watching over me. That is so like Rick!”
“Who or what is Peggy Sue?” I asked.
She jumped up, ran to her bedroom, and returned, happily holding up a six-inch plastic doll.
She stood at the kitchen counter and said, “Let’s have a glass of wine and I’ll tell you about Peggy Sue. I do think this day deserves at least one glass of chardonnay.”
She seemed to have shifted from heavy grieving to being almost perky. “I’d love one. Do we have enough for the ghosts?”
 Molly began to giggle. I giggled. Molly snorted and I cackled. Tears were rolling down both our faces. We laughed until we were breathless and Molly reached to the sideboard for a box of Kleenex. After drying our tears we sat for a long moment in silence with our thoughts.
Molly finally smiled and said, “Wanta hear about how I got Peggy Sue?”
“Absolutely.”
My friend sat on the sofa holding the doll pressed to her heart with both arms.
“Rick and I’d been dating for four or five months when we went to the Del Mar Fair.” She smiled, remembering. “We had a beautiful day. Rick was being silly and showing off. We were about to leave the grounds when he stopped at the ring toss game. He walked to it as if pulled by a magnet. ‘This it, baby, this is the one I’ll win,” he promised. And he did!”
Molly looked at me wide eyed and tears flowing. "When the man asked which prize we wanted we both pointed to the same little plastic doll. Lordy! What a memory! Rick held our prize in the air and declared, ‘This little girl needs a name.’" We both said the title of our favorite song together. He looked at me, then at the doll and pronounced, "I dub thee Peggy Sue. You shall be our first beloved child." Then he looked at me with so much love I could barely stand it and said, ‘I love you, Molly Lee Stewart. Don’t ever forget that.’ When I got home from the fair I put Peggy Sue on our bed pillow. After Rick died, I slept with her for awhile and then put her in my dresser drawer. She means more to me than just about anything.”
Molly looked at the doll again and kissed it. “I just wish so much that I’d gotten pregnant before...he died..." She took a deep breath. “Let’s have one more glass of wine.”
“Good idea. Let me pour.”
I filled her glass and said, “Have you thought about continuing your education?”
“That’s a quick change of subject.”
“Not really. You’ve been wondering what you should do with your life, haven’t you?”
“Well, yes. But I thought I’d finished my education. As I recall, we graduated together a few years back."
“I mean, go for your Masters. You love kids. You could teach high school. Or go for your PhD and teach college level. You’re already getting experience helping with the poetry class at the Senior Center.”
“That would take years. And besides, I don’t have the money for school.”
 “There are lots of loans and grants out there.”
“Oh, I don’t...”
“Just do me a favor,” I said. “Visit the university and ask some questions. Michael would be happy to help you. Remember, he’s the new admissions director.”
“I’ll think on it...but I don’t know. It sounds like such a huge undertaking.”
“You think about it. Now I really have to go. I don’t relish Michael asking questions about where we went today. You know how he is about the supernatural.”
“I know, I know, he doesn’t believe in it.”
“He not only doesn’t believe in it, he doesn’t like the fact that I believe in it. He says it’s a way for a lot of weird people to scare money out of the rest of us. Get some sleep. You look tired. I’ll call you tomorrow.”

For the next two months I called Molly every other day, asking if she’d looked into going back to school. She finally gave in and called me with the good news, “It's either do it or go nuts having you ask every day. You can be downright annoying when you want to.”
“How did it go?”
“I’ve got a pile of papers about as high as my house to fill out, but it’s pretty sure I’m getting financial aid. They were all really nice to me. If all goes well, I can begin next spring. Now all I have to do is find something to do that’ll give me a little money while I wait.”

Molly answered want ads and cleaned houses three days a week, volunteering in an elementary school the other two. In the evenings she wrote poetry about her grief and loneliness. She talked about Rick every time we were together. She seemed almost desperate to keep his memory alive. One day she told me, “I have to admit I really hate cleaning other women’s houses. It just reminds me of how much Rick and I wanted to buy one and have babies. But I’m getting a whole lot of my feelings out writing poetry. I can’t seem to stop writing. Once in a while I feel Rick is sitting right beside me guiding my hand.”



NINE


We began planning for Halloween in early October the year the twins turned seven. It would be the first time they were allowed to go house to house for treats. Teddy saw a Darth Vader costume in Wal-Mart and decided that was for him. It wasn’t until a week before Halloween night that Griffin finally announced his decision.
“I want to be Teddy,” he declared.
His words caught me off guard. I dropped my carrot peeler into the sink, where it nearly slid into the disposal. I took a deep breath and turned toward him.
“Honey, you can’t go as your brother”
“Why not?”
“Because...well, he’s your brother.”
“I know that.”
“But how would you do that? I mean...what would you wear?”
“You could buy me a wig, and I’d wear his sweater.”
I turned toward him and saw the kid who rarely smiled wearing a huge and hopeful grin. “Let’s sit at the table a minute and talk about it. Would you like a glass of milk?”
“No, I want to talk about Halloween.”
We sat down. Griffin held his shoulders back and his head up. He arched his eyebrows, still smiling, anticipating my answer would be yes.
“Honey, we’d have to ask Teddy how he feels about it.”
“Why?”
“He might think you’re making fun of him.”
“And, then if he says yes, it’s okay?”
“Well...I guess so.”
He jumped off his chair and ran upstairs to Teddy’s room. I held my breath. Silence. They were whispering. Then I heard laughing. Teddy’s door finally opened, and they both raced down the stairs and into the kitchen, still laughing.
“Mom!” Teddy shrieked. “Griffin wants to dress like me for Halloween!”
Teddy was thrilled. I was amazed.
“Is that all right with you?” I asked.
“Oh, yeah. It’ll be neat. Nobody will know which of us is me! It’ll be great! Can we do it?”
“Since you agree, I see no reason why not.”
Both boys whooped and jumped. For the rest of the day Griffin tried on Teddy’s clothes. It had been a long time since I had seen them so happy together.
We found a wig in the costume shop. I cut and styled it to look like Teddy’s hair. On Halloween morning Griffin squeezed into Teddy's sweater. Teddy was completely hidden in black robes, and his voice was muffled behind his Darth Vader mask.
Just before trick-or-treat time, Michael ran for the camera to take their pictures. The boys grabbed their brown bags and flashlights, and we all started down the sidewalk. As the two of them started up the front path of each home, Michael and I waited on the sidewalk, trying not to be too conspicuous. We heard several “oooos and ahs” and “that must be Darth Vader.” At the fifth house we heard a child say, “Griffin, you look silly in that wig. But Teddy is a great Darth Vader!”
I couldn’t hear what was said at the next house, but as Teddy ran back down the path Griffin slowly followed. “I don’t like trick or treating, I want to go home now!” He tore off his wig and threw it on the ground.
“I don’t,” Teddy growled. “There are lots more houses with their lights on. And you said we could go to twelve houses. We’ve only been to ten!”
“Michael," I said. "I’d better take Griffin home. Before things get worse.”
"Okay, honey. Teddy and I’ll be home shortly.”
Griffin walked as fast as his fat little legs would let him. When I opened the front door he bounded up the stairs to his bedroom and slammed the door behind him. I followed.
“Griffy honey, please let me in.”
No answer. I opened the door and found Griffin standing in the center of his room, ripping apart Teddy’s sweater.”
“Griffin! Stop! That’s Teddy’s sweater.”
“I don’t care. I hate it.”
He continued to rip until I grabbed the nearly destroyed sweater from him.
“You can’t destroy other people’s property.”
“Why not? I hate it. I hate him and I hate you.”
“Honey, you don’t mean that. You’re upset now, and..."
He picked up the bag of candy on his bed and threw it at my head. It was half full and heavy. His aim was good. It slammed directly into my face. My nose began to bleed heavily. I raced to the bathroom.
I heard the bedroom door slam behind me. Leaning over the basin, I let the blood drip as I peered into the mirror. My nose was already beginning to swell. I bent back and held my nostrils to stop the bleeding until I could get my emotions under control.
When I finally stepped out of the bathroom, I nearly bumped into Michael coming down the hall after returning from trick-or-treating.
“Oh, God! Livi, what happened?
“It’s nothing. Just..."
“Well it’s something. Here, let me look. Jesus, Olivia!  How did that happen?”
“Griffin and I argued. He threw his bag of candy at me.” I tried to laugh. “He’s got very good aim.”
“I’ll show him my good aim.”
Michael raced down the hall and banged on Griffin’s door. “Open this door, Griffin, or I will.”
Silence. Then Michael nearly fell through the suddenly opened doorway.
“What the hell?"
Griffin stood in the doorway smiling. His room was tidy. The bag of candy was sitting on his dresser. Teddy’s sweater lay on his bed, pieced together.
“What’s going on here, son?”
“Nothing, daddy. Mommy got mad at me when she bumped into the door.”
Now I was living a nightmare!
“Griffy, you know that’s not true. You threw the bag of candy at me when I saw you ripping up the sweater.”
“Mommy,” Griffin said, in a sugary voice, “I’m sorry about the sweater. I didn’t mean to hurt it. I caught it on the door handle.”
Michael stood looking at us, not saying a word.
“Michael, you don’t believe...?”
“Well...I...”
“Michael, for God’s sake!
“Uh...listen, Livi, let’s go downstairs and talk about this. You get ready for bed, son, and I’ll be up.”
Michael took my arm and escorted me out of the room. When I looked back, I saw Griffin, his arms folded, smiling.
We found Teddy watching television, eating his candy.
“Careful sport,” Michael gave him a loving pat. “You’ll have a sugar high and never sleep again. It’s getting late. How about a glass of milk and bed?”
Teddy nodded and headed for the kitchen.
“It’s okay about the sweater," he said over his shoulder. "I didn’t like it anyway.”
He had overheard, but it wouldn’t be fair to drag him into the middle of it.
After Teddy left the room, Michael stepped to the sideboard, poured two glasses of wine, and handed me one.
“Honey, let’s have a glass of wine. That was great, seeing all those kids in costume. We’re lucky the weather was so balmy.”
Was he going to dismiss what he had witnessed upstairs? “Michael," I said. "We should talk about what happened.”
“Maybe tomorrow. It’s too late to get into it now.”
“Michael, I need to know you believe me.”
“Honey, I love you.”
“I’m not asking if you love me. Griffy ripped up Teddy’s sweater.”
“So you said.”
“You don’t believe me?” I was beginning to feel I was on trial without a lawyer.
“Honey, I wasn’t there. It’s all secondhand information to me.”
“Do you think I’d lie?” I wanted to scream, I am your wife!
“No. I do not think you’d lie...but...”
“But...what?”
He turned and started upstairs. “I’m going to say goodnight to the boys and go to bed. Are you coming?”
“Soon.”
What on earth had happened? The last hour played out like one of my nightmares. And Griffin had won. Good God, Olivia, this isn’t a game. Your son just told lies and got away with it right in front of you. 
My head began to ache. I poured out the wine and climbed the stairs to our room. If ever there were a perfect night to dream of ghosts, this was it.
Oddly enough, I slept soundly with no nightmares and awakened feeling refreshed. Breakfast went smoothly. Neither Michael nor I brought up the subject again. All back to normal.



TEN


As the years went by there were more signs of jealousy between the boys. Griffy refused to celebrate Teddy's soccer victories and was overly cheerful when he lost. There were also signals Griffy had bigger problems. He stole sweets and hid them under his bed. He took ice cream from the freezer and blamed Teddy for it. I shrugged that off at first as just one of those things siblings do, or because of the difference in their temperament. But when Griffy gained five pounds in one month, refused any exercise, and continued to lie about taking food, I had to face the problems.
Mother agreed with me but suggested we accentuate and celebrate the differences between the boys. At Christmas she gave Teddy a baseball bat and glove and Griffin a ventriloquist dummy that, with its red hair and light blue eyes, had a spooky resemblance to its new owner. Both boys were thrilled with their gifts. Teddy and Michael headed to the backyard to try out the new equipment, while Griffin took his dummy upstairs to practice throwing his voice.
When I called to announce dinner, Griffin brought his redheaded happy-faced, new friend to the table, introduced him as Mr. Budge, and asked, “Can he have a place at the table, mommy?”
Mother’s eyes twinkled. Her gift was a success. “Why don’t you bring a chair and place him right here between you and me.” As soon as the doll was settled she asked, “Where did you get such an interesting name, Mr. Budge?”
Incredibly, Mr. Budge answered in a low man’s voice, with Griffin barely moving his lips at all. “I’ve always had that name, Grandma.” The voice surprised us and we all laughed.
“Don’t laugh at me,” Mr. Budge shouted angrily. “Or you’ll be sorry.”
Mother pretended she hadn’t heard Mr. Budge’s threat. But Michael had, and said firmly, “All right now, sport, That’s enough for now. Let’s enjoy your mom’s great Christmas dinner.”

The differences in the boys grew, some becoming worrisome. Teddy climbed trees while Griffin sat beneath them reading to Mr. Budge or staring up into the tree. Teddy learned to swim, while Griffin built sand castles and destroyed them. As Teddy grew strong and tall, Griffin’s growth was slow.
When they were in the third grade, Michael signed them up for little league soccer. Teddy was ecstatic. The morning of the first Saturday practice, he was ready an hour ahead of time and sitting on the front steps waiting for his dad. It was nearly time to go when I found Griffin in his pajamas, sitting on his bed.
“Mommy, Mr. Budge doesn’t feel well. I think he’s sick.”
Griffin had never faked illness before so there was no reason for me to question him. I told Michael that Griffin was ill and he and I would be staying home. Then I watched as they drove off for practice and a Big Mac lunch. I turned from the window to see Griffin watching me with a big smile.
“It’s okay, Mommy. Now we can be together. We can have peanut butter and toast.”
After our snack, we sat on the couch. Griffin proudly read from one of his school books. When he finished, he looked up at me and said in Mr. Budge’s voice, “Do you like to hear me read?”
“I love to hear you read. You’re very good at using different voices.”
Again in Mr. Budge’s voice, “Do you think I’m a good reader?”
“You are a very good reader. Your teacher tells me you are at the top of your class.”
In his own voice Griffin then asked, “Who do you love best, mommy, Teddy or me?”
Hugging him, I said, “I love you the same, my sweetheart.”
He drew back and gave me a piercing look. Then suddenly reaching to me, he scratched my cheek with his fingernail.
“Oh, sorry!” he said. Then, smiling sweetly at me, he stood, picked up Mr. Budge and left the room.

A week later I met Molly for lunch at the Open Fire Café. We sat down at the table, and I took off my sun glasses. Molly looked at me and was about to say something, then leaned closer to me and stared.
“How did you cut our cheek?”
“Putting on my makeup. Is it that obvious?”
“Well, yes. And I’ve never seen you look so tired. Why, you look worn out.”
“I feel fine. I’ve tried to cover it up, but makeup won’t do it.”
“Try an antibiotic. You don’t want to get it infected. And to tell you the truth, I’d do it soon. It really distracts.”
“Gee, thanks.”
“That’s what friends are for," she laughed. “Now let’s talk about Easter. I’ve been meaning to ask you. Would it be okay if I gave each of the boys a baby chick?”
“Real live ones?”
“Yes...something to feed and watch them grow.”
“That’s sweet of you. I’ll consult with Michael and get back to you.”
“That’ll be fine. But don’t be too long. Easter is just ten days away. My neighbor sells 'em and I have to place an order. I tell you they are the cutest little things you’ve ever seen. You just can’t help falling in love with 'em.”
She looked wistful. “I’d have one for myself, but it seems kinda silly for a grown woman. I’ll enjoy watching the boys raise em.”
I decided at that moment to talk Michael into letting the boys have Easter chicks. It wasn’t as hard as I feared it would be. He even agreed to fence off part of the backyard for the new pets.

Easter Sunday began with an early morning egg hunt. I arose before dawn to hide twenty-four hard-boiled colored eggs, fifteen chocolate ones and twenty plastic eggs filled with pennies, dimes and nickels. Knowing how Michael had missed so much in his childhood, I had begun the egg hunting ritual when the boys were toddlers and always included a basket with Michael’s name on it. Molly and mother arrived together at eight. We three watched as our three favorite guys gathered their treasures.
Michael raced from one egg to the other, pretending great disappointment when Griffin or Teddy got there first. When they thought they’d found every egg they proudly showed off their baskets.
We were all about to walk into the house when Griffin insisted they count to see who found the most. Teddy walked past us saying, “Who cares?”
“You say that because you know I found more than you,” Griffin blurted out.
“I don’t care, stupid.” Teddy yelled back.
“Who are you calling stupid?” Griffin screamed, and lunged for Teddy, knocking him to the ground.
By the time Michael could break them apart they were both dirty and bruised. Teddy had a bloody nose.
“You both come with me.”
Michael grabbed them by the arms and headed for the house.
“My goodness,” Mother said. “I’ve never seen them like that."
“Whatever brought that on?” Molly asked.
“It was pretty sudden,” I said. “It’s probably the excitement of the day. But we can hardly reward them with baby chicks now.”
“They’ll calm down after a while, dear,” Mother said. “And each having their own pet might be just the thing.”
Molly added, “I hate to leave the poor little chicks in the car much longer, even though the windows are down.”
“I’ll bring out the sweet rolls, coffee and juice," I said.
“That’s a good idea,” Mother said. “I’ll bet those boys are just hungry.”
“I hope you’re right,” I said.
During our snack Griffin, pouting, held Mr. Budge while Teddy kept his head down.
When we finished I gave Michael the signal it was time for the chicks. I asked the boys to help me carry the trays into the house. Though they exchanged several fierce looks, they were subdued and quiet as we washed the dishes.
By the time we rejoined the group in the backyard, Michael had brought out the wire and posts for the habitat. Griffin saw it first.
“What’s that stuff for?”
Michael grinned. “That stuff is what we need to build a special area for chickens”
“Why?” Griffin asked.
Teddy’s face lit up. “Are we going to have chickens right here in our yard?”
“That’s right, and here they are,” Molly said, as she emerged from around the side of the house carrying a cardboard box. “They are very small, just babies. So you have to be careful.” She placed the box on the picnic table.
Both boys ran to the box and peered in. “Wow, they are really little,” Teddy said in a quiet voice.
I looked at Griffin, who was staring at the chicks. “Do you like them?” I asked.
“What do we do with them?”
“Watch them grow. Feed them, pet them.”
He touched one and quickly withdrew his hand. “They feel weird.” Then he touched one again. “Which one is mine?”
“Since Aunt Molly gave them to you, let’s ask her.”
“The one on the right is for Teddy and the other is Griffy's”
“How come you get to pick?” Griffin pouted.
“Griffin! That’s not nice!”
“That’s okay.” Molly smiled at me. “I said, ‘Little chickies, who wants to live with Griffin and who wants to be Teddy’s pet?' And that one looked up, when I said Griffin.”
Griffin looked at Molly, his eyes narrowed. He bit his lip. “Is that really true?"
“Yes, that is really true.” Molly stepped to Griffin and gave him a kiss on the top of his head.
“Well...” He turned again to look into the box. “Okay.”
Teddy asked, “How do we tell them apart. They look exactly alike.”
“Griffin’s has a white feather right there.” Michael pointed to the tiny white feather.
“Then, I’ll call him White Feather!” Griffin beamed.
“And I’ll call mine Mike, after you dad.”
Michael laughed, “Well, thank you Teddy, I’ve never had a chicken named after me.”
“I’m changing. I’m going to call mine, Olivia, after mom.” Griffin looked at me proudly.
“Thank you, dear.”
I was about to give Griffin a hug when Teddy said, “You’re just copying me. You’re just a copycat!”
“I am not!” Griffin gave Teddy a push backwards.
“Stop!” Michael roared. “If you’re going to fight over the chicks, we’ll take them back.”
The boys stared at each other, tight lipped for a moment, then both seemed to relax. “We won’t fight, dad,” Teddy said.
“Now, listen, boys, part of the deal is that you both help me put up a fence.”
“I’ll unwind the wire,” Teddy yelled back as he raced to the pile of building materials.
The rest of the day the boys helped their father construct what they named "the farmyard." That evening we kept the chicks in their box and placed it in the warm laundry room.



ELEVEN


The first day of their school's spring vacation, I let the boys sleep late. As Michael glanced down to pull his chair up to the breakfast table he let out a surprised, “Woo! What’s that under the table?”
Bending down, he pulled out an open box. We stared in horror at the two dead chicks. Their necks were twisted.
The sight made me nauseous. I sat down. “Oh, dear God, Michael, what’s happened?"
“It looks like they were strangled. My God, who...?”
We looked at each other as the shock hit us at the same time. Michael’s hands shook, my throat tightened. Neither of us found the words to say what we both suspected. We sat there, the box lay between us on the floor
I finally broke the silence. “The boys will be down soon. I think we’d better take the box out to the garden shed until we decide what to do. The kids shouldn’t see them like this.”
Michael had just returned from the shed when Teddy came flying through the kitchen, managing a quick, “Hi,” as he bounded for the laundry room.
“Wait a minute, Teddy.” Michael tried to stop him. But Teddy, on a mission to see his baby chick, wouldn’t be stopped. As we followed him into the next room, he was searching the shelves and calling, “Mikey, Mikey. Hey! Where are the chicks?”
“Son, come into the kitchen. We need to talk to you,” Michael said gently.
“Dad, where are the chicks?”
“There’s been an accident,” I said.
“What do you mean? Where are the chicks?”
“Just, please come into the kitchen,” Michael said.
“Okay. Then will you tell me where the chicks are?”
“Yes. Now please, dear, come in and sit,” I said.
He did what we asked. “Now will you tell me where the chicks are?”
“We really should have Griffin here at the same time,” I said.
“Mommy! Please!”
“Teddy, the chicks had an accident.” Michael said.
“You said that.” His sweet, anxious face looked from me to Michael and back. “What kind of an accident?”
“The chicks are dead, son,” Michael said.
Teddy stood up, “How come?”
“We don’t know. But they’re both dead.”
“I don’t believe you.” Tears were rising in his eyes. “Let me see them.”
“No, son.”
“Why not? Can’t I see my own chick?”
Suddenly Griffin stood in the doorway. “What happened?”
“Griffin, come and sit down.” Michael said.
Griffin obeyed. “What happened, daddy?”
“Griffin, there was an accident. The chicks are dead.”
“What kind of an accident?” His voice was calm.
“We don’t know.”
“Where are they?” Again in a calm voice, “Are you sure they’re dead?”
“Yeah, are you sure?” Teddy’s voice was edging on hysterical.
Griffin stood up. “Let’s go see.”
“Yeah! Let’s go see! Where are they?” Teddy shouted.
"They’re...”
“Michael,’ I interrupted. Maybe we could bury them.”
“Would you boys like to bury them?” Michael asked.
Teddy wiped his tears with a swipe of his hand. “Okay.”
“How about you, Griffin?”
“I don’t know. I guess so.”
“No one has to help. This is only if you want to.”
“I do.” Teddy said.
“I’ll watch,” Griffin said.
“Let’s go then. I’ll get the shovel. Teddy you and mom get something to wrap them in. A cloth of some kind. We’ll meet out back and choose a special place for them.”
After Michael and Teddy dug a little grave, I wrapped the chicks in old towels and brought them out. Teddy reached for them, “Mommy, can I see them?”
“Honey, I don’t think it would be a good idea.”
“Can I see mine?” His voice rose.
“Honey...I
“Michael put a hand on Teddy’s shoulder and looked at me. “If we’re really going to do this...”
I opened one towel and Teddy leaned close. He put one finger on the bird and stroked it. “Poor little Mikey. Poor little Mikey...mom, is his neck broken?"
“Yes, dear, I think so.”
“Will it get well, when he’s in Heaven?"
“I hope so.”
He stroked it again and said, “Goodbye, Mikey. I guess I’ll see you in heaven someday.” He covered it up again. “Have a good trip, Mikey.” Then he placed his pet into its tiny grave.
I handed Griffin’s chicken to him. As he laid it in the ground, he said, “See ya in Heaven, Olivia,” and walked to the back porch.
Michael and Teddy shoveled the dirt into the grave. 
“Could we have something with their names on it?” Teddy asked, 
“Right here, son.” Michael handed him a piece of plywood with the chicks names scratched on it. “This was going to be on the gate to their yard.”
As the three of us stood for a minute with our silent thoughts, from the corner of my eye I saw Griffin watching us from the back porch. He was holding Mr. Budge and smiling.



TWELVE


Over the next two years Teddy became the hero of his soccer team. Griffin watched from the sidelines until he begged not to have to go at all. I gave in and stayed home with him while Michael cheered for his other son.
While Griffin was able to read sooner and caught on to math more easily than Teddy, he only got average grades in school. His fourth grade teacher asked me to meet with her after school one day.
“Griffin is not trying, Ms. Bauer," she told me. "He’s very bright, maybe too bright.”
“What do you mean, too bright?”
“When he wants to he shoots ahead of the class in whatever subject he chooses. But, if he decides not to try, he flunks his tests or refuses to participate.”
I felt guilty and personally attacked. “Is he disruptive in class?” I asked.
“Oh, no. It’s just the opposite. He’s very quiet and offers to be helpful. He often volunteers to clean the whiteboards and pick up after a class activity. But he doesn’t interact at all with the other kids.”
“That’s the way he is at home. What can I do?”
"I’m not sure. I think for now, just watch him at home. See if you can pick up on anything. How is he with his twin?
“They’re not at all alike,” I told her. “Teddy is into sports and, as you probably know, Griffin is not. I’m glad the school counselor decided to place them in separate classes. I think Griffin needs to have some victories on his own.”
“I agree. I’ll work on that here.” She stood up. “I’m sure it will all work out,” she said as we shook hands. “Griffin is a sweet boy. He just needs a few victories.”
“Thank you for taking the time to talk to me, Miss Foster.”
“Please come back any time.”

Teddy’s good looks and quick wit were rewarded with admiration from his friends. Griffin sat alone on the couch watching television, while his brother hit home runs on the playfield.
I loved them both with all my heart. I thought I treated them equally, but Teddy’s quirky sense of humor could always lift my spirits and jolt me out of a low mood. 
One incident in the Von's parking lot became a famous family story. After placing the groceries on the backseat of the car and closing the door, I heard Teddy scream.
“Help, mom, help!, my hand! my HAND!”
“Oh, my God, Teddy, honey. Did I slam the door on it?”
“OOOO OOOO OOO! Mom, help.”
Horrified, I didn’t know what to do. I thought his hand might be more severely injured if I opened the door. But I had to do something. Taking a deep breath, I told him, “Teddy honey, I’m opening the door. Tell me when your hand is free, or if it hurts more to open the door.”
“Okay,” he whimpered.
As I slowly pulled the door open, terrified of what I would see, Teddy held up both hands and began to laugh.
I felt dizzy, I was so relieved. “Teddy, that was awful! I thought I’d hurt you. You shouldn’t scare me that way.” He needed a bawling out, but I gave him a big hug instead.
“You’re not really mad at me, are you?” he said with his head at a side angle and a silly grin on his face.
“I can never stay mad at you, my dearest boy.” I hugged him again while my eyes filled with tears. “I’m just so relieved you’re all right.
Griffin sat in the other corner, his knees pulled up under his chin. He stared at the two of us, tight lipped. “Teddy made me promise not to tell. And now he’s made you cry!”
“But they’re tears of relief. Now you boys settle down, put your seat belts on, and we’ll stop for ice cream on the way home.” The moment I said those words I realized I was rewarding Teddy for bad behavior and showing Griffin he could get away with it. But sitting in an ice cream shop with my boys was one of my favorite things to do, so I selfishly followed through.



THIRTEEN


The year the boys turned twelve Molly came with me to watch Teddy take his first surfing lesson. We sat on the beach, I in my conservative one-piece navy blue swimsuit, Molly wearing her see-through bright pink cover up over her tiny thong, two-piece swimsuit. A broad-brimmed, red and yellow-striped straw hat crowned her dark brown hair. Raising her oversized, white-rimmed sunglasses she asked me, “Where’s Griffin today?”
“He said he’d rather stay home and read.”
“On this beautiful day?” She made a sweeping motion with her arm. “I think that is a crying shame! It seems like Griffin never wants to do anything but sit in front of the television.
“You’re right. And it worries me. Michael says he’ll come out of it sooner or later. And if he doesn’t, that’s just the way he is, and we should leave him alone.”
“Well, I may have an idea.”
“Please tell me.”
“How about getting a pet?”
“A pet?” I pictured the grotesque remains of the Easter baby chick. “We tried that remember?"
“That was three years ago. He was too young and the chicks were too small. I’m talking about a cat or a dog. Something for him to run with and care for.”
“If we did that, we’d have to get two dogs. We can’t play favorites. And we have thought about it, but with the twins, the house, Michael’s career, and me trying to write...the thought of an animal...I don’t think I could handle it.”
“Well, it was just a thought.” Molly sifted a handful of sand through her fingers. “It’s awfully hot. Wanna wade a bit?”
“Good idea. We can still watch Teddy while we walk.”
“You seem to be kinda low today, Sugar. Anything else bothering you?”
“You remember what I told you about my brother, Parker?”
“Sure. He’s the one who lives in Arizona.”
“And has schizophrenia,” I added.
“Yes, I remember. How is he?”
“Not good. About three weeks ago he stopped taking his meds.”
“Uh, oh. That’s not good.”
“He regressed into hearing voices again. One told him to kill his...our mother.”
“OH, Good Lord! But your mother lives here in Southern California.”
“That didn’t stop Parker. He took a bus.”
“What happened?”
“He called mother and said he was coming for a visit. Mom is no dummy. She knows he has a hate on for her. She called Michael for help. He asked two of his friends to take turns on a watch.”
“Why not call the police?”
“The police won’t come unless a crime is being committed. We’d better turn around. I don’t want Teddy to think I’ve forsaken him.”
“Okay, but go on.”
“Anyway, Parker arrived the night before last."
“...and?”
“Mother said he seemed okay. In fact, he brought her a bouquet of flowers. He went up to his old room to unpack, but when he came back down he began to rage about what a terrible mother she’d always been. How she shouldn’t be allowed to live, and they had sent him to kill her.”
“What did he mean by “they?”
“The voices he hears in his head.”
“Are you telling this straight?” Molly’s eyes were wide.
“I am.”
“Well, go on, for God’s sake.”
“Michael's friend, Casey, was in the back sewing room listening. He called the police.”
I stopped talking to watch Teddy.
“Well don’t stop there!”
“Casey grabbed Parker just as he was going for mom’s neck. He held him until the police arrived and took him away.”
“Your poor mother. What a terrible shock to have your own child attack you.”
“And after all that, she couldn’t bring herself to press charges.”
“What on earth did she do?”
“There was nothing she could do. For an adult, commitment to a mental hospital has to be voluntary. Mom says he suffers from the family disease, but he hasn't broken any laws. She's done her best for him, but he hates her.”
“I’m glad you told me. And I sure sympathize. But you’ve got your own little family to concern yourself with, Sugar.”
“That’s another reason I’m worried. That could be me.”
“What are you talking about?”
“Schizophrenia. Maybe my depression will get worse, and...what if I hurt my children?”
"Stop! Olivia, You are not your brother."
“But…"
“No. But you are a worry wart ! And look, there you go, wringing your hands again. Just concentrate on your darlin’ boy riding the waves and you’ll feel better.” She hugged me. “Now, I really have to get going’. I’ll call you tomorrow.”

When Teddy and I got home, Griffin was eating a sandwich in front of the television. A plate of cookies, sat on the table, in front of him.
After dinner I found Michael spraying plants in the backyard. “Wow, that stuff is potent.” I put my hand over my nose. “You must be trying to kill big bugs.”
“That I am, my sweet, and this insecticide is very potent. That’s why I keep it on the top shelf of the closet in the garage. Enough of this stuff could kill an animal or make someone very sick.”
“You about ready to come in?”
“Just about. I’ll put this in the garage and join you in a minute."
“Feel like a drink?”
“That sounds good.”
When Michael came in, I brought him a glass of wine and sat down beside him on the couch. I took three large gulps of wine, a deep breath, and silently prayed I could get Michael to agree with Molly’s idea.
“Molly came with me to Teddy’s lesson today. And I told her we’re worried about Griffin.”
“You’re worried about Griffin.” His voice was loud and demanding. “I’m not. I’ve told you a thousand times! Leave it alone, Livi.”
His attitude hurt, but I forged ahead. “Molly had a suggestion that might help.”
“Okay,” he sighed. “What was the suggestion?”
“Well, we both know Teddy has all the talents and friends a kid could want. And Griffin is a loner who is sitting his life away. And getting fatter by the day, I might add.”
“I’ll admit he is getting pretty hefty. But I wouldn’t call him fat. He’s not exactly off the charts.”
“That’s just it, he is off the charts. When he had his checkup before school started, Dr. Colby told me he’s edging on obese for his height and age. He should lose ten pounds now and not gain any more until his height catches up to his weight.”
“Why didn’t you tell me?”
“I thought I’d take care of it myself. I didn’t want to bother you with it.”
“Next time tell me. What’s Molly’s big idea?”
“She...and I... think Griffin needs a pet.”
“A pet? We’ve been down that road. Remember?"
“You mean the chicks.”
“Of course I mean the chicks.” Michael’s voice was harsh and loud.
“He was much younger then. And besides, it was an accident.”
“I told you then, it was no accident. And what is this? Whatever Molly wants, Molly gets?”
“Of course not. And that’s not fair. Please, Michael, don’t raise your voice. The boys will hear you.”
He took a deep breath. “All right, I’m calm now. I still don’t like the idea.”
“Honey...in Griffin’s eyes, Teddy has everything, while he has nothing. He needs something to take care of.”
“You mean something that you’ll end up taking care of.”
“Not if we set rules from the beginning.”
Michael took a sip of his wine and looked at me from the corner of his eye. “A pet, huh? And I suppose you’ve decided what kind of a pet he should have?”
“Well, I thought maybe a gerbil or a kitten.”
“You’ve got to be kidding. A gerbil or a kitten? He’s a boy. A boy needs something big to run with!” Michael told me once that he yearned for a dog when he was a child, a big golden retriever.
“Really? A dog?” I said. I was winning my battle sooner than I thought. If only he’d agree to the second half of my proposition.
“Maybe running around with a dog would take off some of that flab.” He looked at me with a satisfied smile.
“Here, sweetie, I’ll refresh your wine,” I said, taking his glass from his hand. I returned to the couch in three minutes, not wanting Michael’s good mood to lose momentum. I handed him his drink and said, “There is one more thing, honey.”
“What’s that?”
“Teddy is always busy with friends and his ball teams and might not take much interest in a dog but I still think we should call it the family pet.”
“I agree. I hope it works.”
“It just has to. Griffin is so needy.”
“Hey, there you go worrying. It was your idea, remember?” He kissed me. “We’ll make it work.”

I went to bed that night feeling relaxed and happy, thinking we may have hit upon a solution to Griffin’s problems. A deep sleep came soon. And so did the ghosts.
This time I knew I was dreaming and watched as I stood, not moving, in the center of the pink ballroom. I tried to yell. “Wake up. The ghosts are surrounding you.” But I couldn’t make my mouth move. The ghosts were stroking me and murmuring. It was hideous. “Please help me, please,” I screamed in my mind. Then I heard Michael’s voice saying my name and I wanted to find him and he called my name again and I fought the ghosts off and began to swim in the air up to Michael.
When I awakened, my body and pajamas were soaked in sweat. I was breathing heavily. For a moment I didn’t know where I was.
“My God, Olivia, you were moaning and pushing at the pillows. Are you all right?”
I touched Michael’s face to be sure I wasn’t still dreaming, “Yes, I'm fine. I’m sorry I woke you.” I tried for a chuckle. “I must have been dreaming about getting a new pet. Go back to sleep, honey.”
I lay there for several minutes, feeling my heart pound. As soon as Michael fell asleep, I went into the bathroom and splashed cold water on my face and body and changed into dry pajamas. I sat on the living room couch reviewing the dream. I finally concluded my nightmare that evening was caused by the fear of becoming like my brother. I didn’t replay that dream for Michael.



FOURTEEN


Sunday was our usual day for a big togetherness pancake and bacon breakfast at IHOP. After we were seated and served Michael said with a big grin, “Boys, your mother and I have a surprise."
"We’re going sailing?” Teddy asked, with high hopes.
“No. But I think you’ll like this even better. We’re going to visit the pet adoption center and choose a pet.”
He smiled proudly at the boys, as if he’d just announced his candidacy for president. “Maybe a dog.”
“A dog?” It was the first time Griffin had spoken all morning.
“That’s right. What do you think?” Michael was king.
“And we get to pick it out?” Teddy smiled.
“We’ll all have a vote, since it’s a family pet. How does that sound?”
“Great!” Griffin was getting more excited by the second.
“But first, “Michael said, “we need to make some ground rules.”
“Like what?” Teddy asked.
“Like who’s going to feed it and who’s going to clean up after it. Things like that.”
“Okay!” Griffin said, with more enthusiasm than he’d had in months. “Let’s hurry and make the rules, so we can get going.”
“One thing we need to make clear, boys," I said. "It won’t be a puppy. They’re too much work, and we’re all too busy.”
The twins did not argue. They knew when I said, “Make clear,” I meant, “not for discussion.” For the next hour we talked about the dog rules we'd post on the refrigerator when we got home.

1. Mom and Griffin will feed the dog on Monday, Wednesday, and Fridays. Dad and Teddy will take Tuesdays, Thursdays and Saturdays. Sundays will be scheduled monthly.
2. Teddy and Griffin will walk the dog every day, taking turns or together.
3. Once a week, during the first two months, the whole family will give the dog a bath.
4. The dog will not be allowed on the couch or chairs.
5. Dad and the boys will take the dog to dog school.

That afternoon the four of us stepped into the animal shelter office. We told the young man at the desk we had come to adopt a two-year-old male dog. When he led us down the hallway and opened the door, we were greeted with lots of loud barking and an assortment of canine faces. They all seemed to be begging us to look at them. I was glad I wouldn’t be making the final decision.
Griffin fell in love instantly with a medium-size black and white border collie. Teddy’s heart was captured by a cocker spaniel. Michael preferred a golden retriever.
The guide told us the retriever was eight years old and the cocker was not used to children. The two-year-old border collie was a mix and loved children. Griffin’s face lit up. “He’s perfect!” He knelt down by the cage. “Can we have him?”
Teddy petted the dog’s head. “Yeah. I like him, too.”
Michael shrugged and smiled at me. “Looks like we have a new member of the family.”
“What’s his name?” Griffin asked.
“His name is Bailey,” the attendant said.
“I don’t like that name.” Teddy said.
Griffin patted the dog. “I do.”
“Better call him Bailey for now,” I said. “We can vote on a new name when we get him home.”
We bought a leash and a collar and paid the fee. As we fastened the leash to the collar, Griffin said, “Look, mom, he’s smiling!”
As Griffin watched, the dog jumped up and licked Teddy’s face. “He likes me!” Teddy giggled.
Griffin’s look went from gladness to anger. He stooped down and gave Bailey a rough hug. The dog pulled away. As he grabbed for him again, I said, “Let’s take our new friend home.”
Both boys reached for the leash, so I added. “Dad had better take the leash this first time.”
At home we sat in the backyard watching Bailey run the perimeter and sniff the bushes.
“Okay,” Michael said, let’s pick a name.
“Pickles!” Griffin shouted.
“That’s a stupid name,” Teddy said. “I want to call him Brandy.”
“That’s even stupider,” Griffin shouted again.
“Hold on, boys,” Michael said. “There are no stupid names. We’ll vote on a name, and we won’t shout.” He turned to me. “What’s your suggestion, mom?”
“I was thinking of Raggedy, because he’s kind of  Raggedy looking.”
Teddy liked it. “That’s pretty good, mom. How about just Ragged?”
“How about Rags?” Griffin said, beaming.
I looked at Teddy, “What do you think?”
“That’s okay. Sure. When do we start calling him that?”
“Right away,” Michael said. “And each time we call him, have a treat ready.”
Each boy grabbed a hand full of treats from the center of the table and ran to Rags, calling his name.”
I looked at Michael. “I’ve got my fingers crossed.”
“Me, too.”
The first few days were happy chaos. The boys shared duties with only a little nudging from us. Rags seemed happy to be in his new home.

The following Saturday Teddy had soccer practice, lunch with the coach, and a game in the afternoon. I hoped Griffin would take the opportunity to be with his new pet and at the same time get some exercise.
As soon as his brother left, Griffin proudly put the leash on Rags and started for the front door. “I think Rags needs a walk, mom, I’ll take him around the block a couple of times.”
“Okay, have a good time, and be careful.”
“You don’t need to worry about us, mom.” His smile was huge, and his shoulders were back. I stood at the front window and watched as Rags stopped to sniff the grass and Griffin bent to pet him. 
I'd been at my computer writing for about fifteen minutes when Griffin returned to the house.
“Home already, honey? How did the walk go?”
He stood at my office door, tight-lipped.
“Griffin, what’s the matter?”
“Rags pulled me back home. He’s on the front porch.”
I got up and started for the front door. “Oh, honey, we shouldn’t leave him alone out there, he might run away.”
I opened the front door and found Rags sitting on the porch looking out to the street, his leash still dangling from his collar. “Rags, come here.” He didn’t move. “Griffin, get the dog treats.”
Griffin offered the dog treats. Rags accepted them, but he wouldn’t move from his spot on the porch.
“Honey, he seems determined to stay there. I’ll tie him to the porch railing so he won’t run off.”
Griffin glared at me. “But you said I could play with him all day.”
“Why don’t you sit beside him? Maybe after a while he’ll be ready for another walk."
Griffin sat down beside his new pet and stroked his back. He sat beside him for another half hour, several times untying the rope that held him to the porch, trying to coax him to walk. Rags would not move.
Griffin finally gave up, came inside and turned on the television. At four o’clock we heard a car drive up and Rags barking. Teddy flung open the front door and yelled, “How come Rags is tied to the porch? He’s trying to pull away. Can I untie him?”
“Sure,” I yelled back from the kitchen. “Just don’t let him run. Better bring him into the house.”
Teddy skipped into the house, Rags at his heels. “Gee, mom, poor Rags, he wants to play. How come nobody played with him while I was gone?”
Griffin walked into the kitchen, still brooding. “I took him for a walk. But he got tired.”
“Well he isn’t tired now. Can I take him, mom?”
“Sure. Why don’t you both take him?”
Griffin looked at Teddy kneeling beside Rags while Rags licked his face. “No, I’ve got a TV show I want to see.”
I looked at Teddy hugging Rags and Griffin standing with arms folded, staring at them. “I’m sure Rags would like it if you both took him for a walk.”
“I don’t want to,” Griffin said. He turned and walked back to the living room. He returned, grabbed a cookie from the freezer, took a bite, smiled at me and walked into the living room.

Michael and I had a chance to be alone while we were gardening after dinner. I told him about the day with Griffin and Rags.
“I wouldn’t worry about it,” Michael said. “That’s once. Maybe the dog was tired, or maybe a lot of things, but I doubt it means he won’t bond with Griffin. You worry too much. Leave it alone, Livi. It’ll work out. And stop wringing your hands. It drives me nuts.”
But I did worry. We had had such high hopes that getting a pet would be the perfect solution for Griffin.



FIFTEEN


On Labor Day we picnicked with Molly, mother, and two of Michaels’s friends from the university. I cornered Molly in the bathroom, while the others were playing Frisbee in the backyard.
“Are we playing CIA or something?” Molly asked, as I closed the door.
“It’s a long story, and we’d better get back out there and keep mom company during the game. But I need you to watch Griffin and Rags. Actually, Teddy and the dog. See what you think.”
“About what?”
“I think Rags likes Teddy better.”
“Oh, come on, Sugar.”
"Please?”
“Okay. Okay. Let’s get out of here. This place is too small for the two of us."
As we walked to the backyard, we saw Griffin sitting with mom. The others, including Rags, were playing Frisbee.
“Hey,” Molly shouted, “How about teams? Then we could all play.”
Michael walked to us and said, “We’re nearly done. When are we eating?”
“As soon as you get the barbeque going,” I said, “and,” I lowered my voice, “please include Griffin in the activities.”
“We did. He started playing with us, missed catching the Frisbee once, and sat down next to your mother.”
“But look at him. He’s left out. And Rags is playing with Teddy.”
“Honey, I can’t make the dog play with Griffin.” He kissed my cheek. “Stop worrying! It’s a picnic. Now, I was just given an order to start the coals, so I think that’s what I’ll do.”
We all sat at the picnic table to share the feast. My appetite disappeared and my heart sank as I watched Griffin gorging on two hamburgers, two servings of potato salad, several handfuls of chips, a slice of apple pie, and an ice cream bar. I didn’t try to stop him. His day seemed bad enough. To top it off, he knew he’d be facing another year of school in a couple of days.

The new family pet and I watched from the front porch the next day as the twins boarded the bus to school. Rags whined while I tried to soothe him.
“It’s okay, Rags. They’ll be home before you know it. Come on, let’s go in now.” But no threats, pulling, pleading, or bribes, could persuade him to leave his post. He stayed there all day until he saw the boys get off the bus in the afternoon. He ran to them, or actually just to Teddy, jumping up and licking his face He continued to jump and bark greetings until they had all entered the front door.
In the evenings Rags sat at Teddy’s feet while he did his homework or watched television. Giving up on his attempts to get the dog’s attention and refusing to take his turn walking him, Griffin turned to eating more and exercising less.
One evening Griffin ran into the house screaming. He held up his hand. “Rags bit me! He bit me!
“Sweetie, come into the bathroom and we’ll wash it, so we can see it better.”
Griffin tried not to cry as we ran to the bathroom, “He’s awful mom, he’s a terrible dog.”
“Here, hold your hand over the sink and I’ll turn the water on.”
“Ow! It hurts!”
“I’m sorry, honey, I’m trying to be gentle. Let's see how bad it is. Don’t struggle, let me see.” I held his hand and looked closely. “It’s not deep, honey. In fact, it’s mostly teeth marks, not a bite. Here, let’s wash it again with soap and put some disinfectant on it.”
We washed the wound with disinfectant and placed two band aids on it. “There you are. Your nurse mother has repaired your hand.” I smiled at him.
“It’s not funny!”
“Oh, Griffin, I wasn’t laughing. I know it hurts, and I think you’ve been pretty brave. I’m going to give you an aspirin and a glass of water. Why don't you relax on the couch for awhile?
I settled Griffin and went out to the backyard where Teddy and Michael were playing catch. Rags, his tail wagging furiously, was retrieving the missed balls.
“I hate to interrupt your game, but we all need to talk,” I said. “Please, let’s sit at the picnic table.”
They must have heard the tenseness in my voice. They immediately stopped throwing the ball and followed me to the table. Rags crawled under the table and lay at Teddy’s feet.
“What’s up? And where’s Griffin?” Michael asked.
“Yeah, mom, what’s up?”
“Did either of you see Rags bite Griffin?” I found myself wringing my hands, so I hid them under the table.
“Good God, no,” Michael exclaimed.
“Rags wouldn’t bite Griffin, mom. He wouldn’t bite anyone.”
“Well, Griffin came running into the house, holding his hand and telling me Rags bit him. I found the teeth marks as I washed his hand.”
“Are you sure, Livi?” Michael asked.
“I’m sure.”
“How bad is it?”
“It’s not bad. But the point is: Rags bit him. I’d like to know why.”
Teddy looked solemn. 
“Okay. Please tell me, Teddy.”
“Gee, mom, I don’t think it’s fair that I have to rat on him.”
“If you know something, you have to tell us, son,” Michael said softly.
“Do I have to?”
“Yes,” I said, not as softly.
Teddy kept his head down and spoke in a mumble. “Griffin’s been throwing rocks at Rags a lot.”
“When? I haven’t seen him be mean to Rags.”
“He does it when he thinks no one is looking. He throws from behind a tree or somewhere where Rags doesn’t see it coming. And when he thinks I can’t see him, he goes right up to him and throws a big one.”
“You’ve seen this?” Michael asked.
A quick nod.
“Why did he do it?” Michael asked, “Is Rags mean to him?”
“No, he doesn’t pay hardly any attention to Griffin.” Teddy’s voice was getting smaller.
“How long has this been going on?” Michael asked.
“I don't know. I guess about a month.”
“Why didn’t you tell us?” I asked.
“Aw, mom, I don’t like to rat on Griffin. And besides, I told him to stop and he said he would.”
“Okay, son, you can go in now. Your mother and I have to talk about this.”
Teddy got up and stood by the table, “You’re not going to tell Griffin I told you, are you?”
“No, honey, we won’t. But we will have to confront Griffin. You go on, now, and don’t worry. We’ll take care of it.”
He slowly walked to the house, Rags at his side.
Michael and I sat for some time not saying anything. I didn’t know what to say, and I dreaded what he might say.
Finally Michael said, “Honey, I think, maybe we need some help with this one.”
“What do you mean, ‘help’?” I hoped he meant a counselor, but I didn’t want to be the one to say so.
“I think first we confront Griffin. Then, if it's true, we get hold of some kind of child therapist...or...Oh, Jesus, I don’t know!” He put his head in his hands.
I reached across the table for his hand. “I think you’re right, sweetheart. We’ll do this as a family. What about Rags?"
He raised his head and looked at me. “What do you mean, ‘what about Rags?'”
“How many times do we let him bite Griffin before we have to give him away?” I asked.
“Don’t you mean how many times are we going to let Griffin throw rocks at the family pet?”
We were silent for a few minutes. I spoke first. “Honey, I think we have to talk to Griffin and tell him we know about the rock throwing.”
“But we can’t let him know Teddy told us.”
“I agree,” I said. “I’ll say I saw him do it from the kitchen window. Shall we talk to him now?”
“It seems cruel to do it while his hand still hurts, but at the same time it will be more effective the sooner he learns the consequences of his actions. I vote to do it now.”
I stood up. “I’ll go get him.”
“You’re a good mother, you know.”
“And you are a great father.



SIXTEEN


“Does your hand feel better, honey?” I asked Griffin when I found him lying on the couch eating a cookie.
“Sort of...but”
“But what, honey?”
“I don’t like Rags. He’s a bad dog."
“We’ll talk about that later. Right now your father and I want to talk to you in the backyard.”
“What about?”
“About Rags biting you.”
“Right now?”
“Yes, honey.”
“But my hand might get worse if I walk around.”
“I don’t think so, sweetie. Come on.”
He didn’t move.
 “Come on, Griffin.”
“Do I have to?”
“Yes.” I stood waiting, until he finally pulled himself off the couch and slowly followed me to the backyard. I pointed to the bench, “Sit down with us, honey. We want to talk to you.”
He slowly sat down, “What about?”
“Son, we’re sorry about Rags biting you,” Michael said.
“Yeah. He’s mean!” Griffin looked relieved. This wasn’t going to be a bad talk after all.
Michael continued, “Do you know why he bit you?”
“Cuz he’s mean. I hate him.”
“Griffin,” I said, “Do you think he’s just a mean dog or is he mean because you throw rocks at him?”
Griffin looked shocked. “I don’t throw rocks at him.”
“Honey, I saw you throw a rock at him.”
“When?”
“I was washing the dishes and saw you through the kitchen window.” He turned his back to me. “Why did you throw the rock, honey?”
“Cuz.”
“Griffy, I can’t hear you when you mumble. Please turn around and talk to us,” Michael said. 
“I said cuz.” He turned to face me. His eyes were narrow. “And I only did it once.”
“And Rags only bit you once. Is that the way you want it?” Michael asked.
“No. I don’t want him here anymore. He’s a bad dog. He’s always been bad. But you’ll keep him, just cuz Teddy likes him.” Griffin's eyes filled with tears.
“If we keep him here or let him go, it’ll be because we agree to it as a family,” Michael said.
"Griffy,” I said. “How about giving Rags another chance? Suppose we see how things go for another week?”
“I suppose. But what if he bites me again?”
“I bet he won’t if you’re kind to him. How about if you take over the feeding this week?” Michael said.
“No. I’m afraid of him.” He put his head on the table and cried. My heart broke for him. I put my arm around his shoulders and looked across the table at Michael.
Michael sighed. “Okay, son, we’ll talk about it. You can go back into the house now.”
Head down and shoulders slumped, Griffin walked slowly back into the house.
Michael and I sat in silence for a few minutes.
“Oh my God, Michael, I love that kid so much.”
“I know, so do I. What do you think we should do?”
“We can’t just take Rags away from Teddy. It’s his dog, too.”
“On the other hand,” Michael said, “it’s not fair to Rags to live here and be mistreated. “Let’s wait a few days and see how things go.”
“Okay,” I agreed. “I’ll try to be more aware of how Griffin treats Rags.”

Dinner was tense and quiet. Teddy had a six o’clock game and hurried through his meal. Griffin, his head down, played with his food, eating little. Michael and I exchanged glances. Rags lay under the table at Teddy’s feet.
When Teddy left, Rags followed him and lay by the front door whimpering. After cleaning up the kitchen I suggested that the three of us take Rags to the park and throw the ball for him.
“That sounds good to me.” Michael smiled at Griffin.“How about it, Sport?”
“Do we have to take Rags along?”
Michael sat down on the couch next to Griffin, “Let’s give Rags a chance. How about we take dog treats along and you throw the ball?”
“And you and mom will be there?”
“Right beside you.” Michael patted his leg.
“I guess so,” Griffin said, without enthusiasm.
“Great.” Michael looked at me, “Let’s get our jackets. You choose the ball, Griffin, and I’ll get the treats.”
“And I’ll get the leash,” I said, so cheerfully it sounded false even to me. At the sight of his leash, Rags did a jump and ran for the front door, his tail wagging. I clipped the leash to his collar. When I opened the door, he dashed out, pulling me behind. 
“I see Rags is happy about going to the park,” I yelled over my shoulder.
We were a block from home, about halfway to the park, when I handed the leash to Griffin, “You take him now, sweetie, I’ve had my turn.”
Griffin took the leash and began to run ahead of us. As he did, Rags jerked back and growled at him.
“See?” Griffin stood still, “He’s a bad dog. I hate him.”
Michael took the leash and reprimanded Rags. Then turning to Griffin, he said, “Come on, son, it’ll be all right. I don’t think he’ll do it again. We’re nearly to the park now.”
As we walked, Griffin stayed by my side, keeping his distance from Rags. When we reached the park, Michael took the leash off and threw the ball for Rags to fetch.
Rags brought the ball back to Michael, who handed it to Griffin, “It’s your turn, Sport.”
“I don’t want to throw the ball. You do it.” He turned to walk away. “He likes you.”
I said, “Griffin, honey, we came so you and Rags could play together. Throw the ball and Rags will go after it.”
Griffin looked at me through narrowed eyes. “All right! But you’ll see. He hates me and I hate him.” He took the ball and threw it across the field. Rags chased the ball and brought it back to Michael.
“See? I told you. He doesn’t want to play with me.”
"Try one more time,” Michael said, handing him the ball and a dog treat. “And here, have this ready when he runs to you.”
Griffin threw the ball again. Rags chased it and brought it back to Michael. 
“Show him the treat, son.”
Griffin timidly held out a biscuit. Rags stayed by Michael.
“Put it on the ground in front of you, son,” Michael directed.
Griffin laid it on the ground. Rags fetched it and ran back to Michael.
We tried four more times with the ball and the biscuit with the same result.
“This is no fun,” Griffin pouted. “I want to go home.”
I looked at Michael. He shrugged. I attached the leash to Rags’ collar, and we started home. “We’ll try again tomorrow,” I said. “I’m sure Rags will come to trust you again. He’s really a good dog.”
“I think you love him more than you love me!” Griffin shouted, and ran the rest of the way home. He used the house key hidden under a stone in the backyard. By the time we reached the house he was in his room with the door closed.
I was about to climb the stairs when Michael put a hand on my arm, “Let’s give him time to calm down.”
We went to the kitchen, out of earshot from Griffin’s room and sat down with coffee at the table.
“I don’t want to give up, Michael. There must be something we can do.”
“I agree. But it seems pretty obvious that Rags doesn’t trust Griffin. Maybe a dog trainer would have some ideas. I’ll ask around for a good one.”

The next day, as Teddy and Griffin got off the bus, Rags ran happily up to Teddy, avoiding Griffin. When Teddy took Rags for a walk, Griffin stayed home. The next afternoon it was the same story.

Saturday morning Teddy had a game. After he left, Rags sat on the porch whimpering loud and long until he returned. That afternoon Griffin came running into the house screaming. “Mom, Rags bit me again! I took him to the bathroom and washed his hand. This time the bite was not as severe, it didn’t resemble the first bite at all. It looked more like a human bite, but I couldn’t be sure. I bandaged it, gave him a hug and an aspirin and went to the backyard where Teddy and Michael were playing with Rags.
“How long have you guys been playing back here?” I asked.
“About half an hour,” Michael said, “Why?”
“No reason. I just wondered. It’ll be time for dinner soon, better wash.”
I didn’t want to say anything about Griffin in front of Teddy, so I decided to tell Michael about the bite after we’d eaten. But I should have known better. Griffin came to the table sniffling about being bitten again. He was successful with his father’s attention and sympathy, but drew only anger from Teddy. “If you weren’t so mean to him, he wouldn’t bite you,” he yelled at his brother.
“I’m not mean to him!" Griffin roared back.
“BOYS! Stop the shouting,” Michael commanded. “I’ll talk to both of you after you’ve eaten your dinner.”
The rest of the dinner hour was so quiet we could hear each other breathe. When it was over, Michael called each of his sons separately into his study. Each talk lasted about a half hour and both boys emerged looking stricken and went up to their rooms. Rags followed Teddy.
After I figured the boys were asleep, I asked Michael what he’d said to them.
“I told them they were both on notice to play nice. I told Griffin he’d have to be good to the dog, no two ways about it. And I told Teddy he’d have to try harder to share. I hated having to do it. It was unfair to Teddy. He really loves that dog.”

The next day Teddy had soccer practice and didn’t come home on the school bus. Rags showed his disappointment with loud, annoying whimpers for several minutes. I was in the kitchen when Teddy finally arrived home. He came in calling for Rags.
“Mom, where’s Rags?”
“Isn’t he on the porch? He’s been waiting for you all day. Maybe Griffin took him for a walk.”
“That would be weird. Griffin hates him.” Teddy put his books on the kitchen table. “I’ll go look for him.” He grabbed an apple and left the house calling for Rags.
A few minutes later I heard Teddy screaming for me from the backyard. I ran out to find him kneeling by a motionless Rags lying on the grass in front of him.
“Mom, he’s sick or something. I can’t get him to move.” He hugged Rag’s head, sobbing. “Mom, we better get him to the vet. Can you help me carry him?”
I knelt by Rags and felt for a heartbeat. There was none. There was no response. No movement. Rags was dead. I sat for a moment, not believing. It made no sense. I watched Teddy try to pick up his pet, yelling his name, hugging him.
“Mom, help me. Please. Help me.”
I put my arms around my beloved son. How could I tell him that his beloved was dead? He pulled away and looked at me with such anguish I could barely look back. “Oh, Teddy, I’m so sorry. Rags is dead.”
“How can he be dead? He’s not old.” His voice rose. “How could he die?” He looked closely at his dog. “I don’t believe you. You’re lying.’ He shouted, “Why are you lying to me?” He stood up abruptly, pushed me aside, and ran into the house.
I called Michael at work to tell him what happened. Twenty minutes later he rushed into the house.
“What in God’s name happened? Where are the boys? What happened ?”
“Sit down, darling.”
“No...I....what happened?”
“Michael, screaming won’t help. All I know is Rags is dead. Teddy found him lying by the side of the house and called for me. When I felt for a pulse...he’s dead...that’s all I know.”
Michael sat down on the couch, head in his hands.
I sat beside him and took his hand. “Do you think Griffy...? No, I can’t even say it.”
Michael turned his face to me. His look mirrored my feelings of horror and sadness. “We have to decide what to do with Rags. We can’t leave him lying by the house. I’m going to take him out to the shed now. In the morning I’ll call the vet and we’ll decide our next step. I want, need, to find out what killed him.” He started for the back door and hesitated. “Honey, can you find on old blanket we could use to cover him up?”

Teddy stayed in his room for the rest of the day and evening. Michael and I tapped on his door several times but he wouldn’t answer. I left him a tray of food that was not touched.
Griffin ate his dinner and an evening snack. He sat on the couch holding Mr. Budge, watching a TV sitcom. When I sat down beside him, he smiled at me and spoke in Mr. Budge’s voice. “Hey! Let's have a funeral! We’ll invite Molly and grandma. It’ll be fun. We’ll surprise Teddy. We’ll have candy and cake and we’ll all take turns digging a hole!”
“Honey, I think we’d better ask Teddy what he thinks. Rags was his pet, too."
“Okay. I was just trying to be happy. I guess I’ll go to bed now.” He smiled sweetly, kissed my cheek, and climbed the stairs to his room,  humming softly to himself.



SEVENTEEN


The next morning at breakfast Teddy asked Michael if we could bury Rags in the backyard.
“We need to think about that, Sport.”
“I already asked mom,” Griffin said. “And she said it was a good idea.”
“Griffin, I said we should ask Teddy if he agreed.”
“Okay, if that’s what you say you said.” It was Mr. Budge's voice.”
“I didn’t know Mr. Budge was with us,” I said.
“Mr. Budge is always with us,” Griffin said sweetly.
“Before we decide anything, I need to talk to Dr. Jameson, Rags’ veterinarian,” Michael said.
“Why, dad?” Teddy asked.
“I have a few questions about the right way to bury him.”

We let the boys stay home from school the next day, keeping them busy collecting Rags’ favorite toys to bury with him while Michael called Dr. Jameson.
After he hung up Michael asked me to meet him in the shed.
“Remember a year or two ago, when I bought that can of weed killer?”
“Yes, the same time Molly gave the boys the chicks for Easter.”
“I stored it the cabinet in the garage. After I used it I always put it back in the same place. The last time it was about a third full when I put it away. That was six months ago. The can is missing now.”
“Why are you looking for it? What did Dr. Jameson say?”
“He told me we can't know the cause of death unless we do a series of tests. He asked me if we kept anything toxic where Rags could have gotten at it. That’s when I remembered the weed poison. But I kept it on the top shelf. Rags couldn't have found it. Unless someone took it down...and...” His face turned ashen. “OH God, Livi!”
We held each other for several moments, then spoke almost in unison. “We can't test Rags. We have to cremate him.” I went limp at the thought.
“We’ll have to tell the boys,” I said.
“Let's do that now. The sooner we do it the sooner we all get through this.”
Michael called the boys into the den. Griffin arrived first, a sweet smile on his face, carrying Mr. Budge. Teddy appeared a few minutes later, walking slowly and not looking at any of us.
“Sit down boys. We need to decide what’s next for Rags.” Michael spoke with a gentle but firm voice.
“But dad, Rags is dead. What do you mean, ‘next’? Teddy asked sadly.
“He needs to be buried.” Michael’s eyes were moist.
“But not today,” Teddy pleaded.
Mr. Budge spoke, “Yeah, today! Today! A party!”
Michael stood and took several steps towards Griffin. He looked angrier than I had seen him in years. He stood in front of Griffin for a second then suddenly grabbed Mr. Budge and ripped him out of Griffin's arms. “What the hell's wrong with you? If you can’t be decent, go to your room.”
Griffin smiled, stood up and said, “Okay, daddy. May I please have Mr. Budge?”
“Oh, for God’s sake,” Michael roared. He threw the doll at Griffin’s feet and turned his back on him.
Griffin bent down and gently lifted the doll, hugging it. “It’s all right, Mr. Budge. Daddy is just upset because Rags is dead.”
He climbed the stairs to his room.
The three of us were silent for a moment. Then Michael turned to Teddy.
“Let’s sit down, son.”
Michael and I returned to the couch. Teddy continued standing in the center of the room, facing us, as if he were waiting for a judgment from the jury.
Michael began, “Son, it never seems fair, but when animals and humans die, they need to be buried quickly.”
“I know,” Teddy said, looking at the floor. “If they’re not, they begin to smell.”
“That’s right. So your mother and I have agreed to bury him right away.” Michael gave me cautionary look and I understood. “But first, if we’re going to bury him in the yard, we’ll have to take him to Dr. Jameson. He’ll prepare Rags and place him in a coffin.”
"Okaay...I guess. What will he do to prepare him?”
"He'll draw some blood. We want to find out how Rags died."
"Why? He's dead. Why does it matter?” 
"He might have been bitten by a sick animal. If so, we all need to be tested to see if touching Rags could make us sick, too.
"Oh..."Teddy looked at his dad for a long moment, then put his head on Michael’s chest and sobbed.

The tests proved what we feared. Rag’s had been poisoned. We lied when we told the boys. “The tests that the doctor took showed that Rags died of heart failure,” Michael said. “It’s rare, but sometimes a heart just gives out.”
“Did it hurt?” Teddy asked.
“It’s hard to know. But Dr. Jameson said it was probably sudden and Rags didn’t suffer. 
Griffin's reaction was loud and happy. “Yea! Now we can have a fun funeral!”



EIGHTEEN


When the twins turned thirteen they began hiking with their dad. It was the one activity they could enjoy together that had the side benefits of exercise and equal time together. Michael had always loved the outdoors. Judging from how often the boys asked him for “another hike on the weekend,” they felt the same way. At first I feared Teddy and his father wouldn’t take into account that Griffin was slower and not as adventurous because of his weight. I should have had more faith in Michael’s judgment and his love for his son.
With some light-handed guidance from their father, the boys took turns choosing which trail they would follow, what they would need, and how long the hike would take. Griffin was less than enthusiastic at first, making up all kinds of excuses why he shouldn’t or couldn’t join in. Michael pretended not to notice Griffin’s whimpers and forged ahead with preparations.
Before the first and second times out, I saw Griffin stuffing Mr. Budge into his backpack. But before they left on their third hike, Griffin brought his dummy to me and said in his Mr. Budge voice, “Griffin wants me to stay and keep you company. He knows you get lonely.”
“That’s very thoughtful of Griffin,” I said. “Tell him thank you for me.”
What a victory! I thought. Maybe our dear son is coming out of his shell.
And it did seem to be happening. Griffin’s grades rose from C's to A’s and B’s. As his body grew tall, it also grew slimmer.
“See?" Michael pointed out proudly. “I told you all would work out if we only left it up to nature. You worried all those years for nothing.”

The outings became an important part of their lives, with a good hike invariably included in our vacation plans. I loved seeing the three of them setting forth on an adventure and returning weary but filled with happy talk. By the time they were sixteen, the boys were expert hikers, often including a friend or two in an overnight. Though, to the happiness of their parents, the boys seemed to prefer going alone with their dad.
One day in July the three of them started out early on one of their favorite day hikes. They planned to be home by 5:30. Michael called at 4:30 to tell me they would be home later than usual. He wasn’t sure when. After I hung up the receiver I realized he had avoided answering when I asked if anything was wrong. His voice sounded strained. Maybe they had argued. Well, they’d be hungry when they got home. I’d get busy and start dinner. I’d have time to roast a chicken with potatoes and carrots. They all liked that.
The dinner was in the oven and the table set by 6:00. At 7:00 I turned off the oven. I told myself they had just gotten a late start home. But a painful dread took over, and I paced from one window to another and to the kitchen and back.
At 8:00 Michael and Griffin opened the front door. My heart stopped when I saw their pale, tear-streaked faces.
“Thank heaven! I thought something had happened to you.”
I hugged them both. I looked at their faces again and the dread returned. “Where’s Teddy?”
“Honey...sit down.”
Michael walked to me.
A cold panic hit me. “Where’s Teddy? Is he still outside?” I opened the front door and screamed, “TEDDY?”
Michael closed the door, “Honey, Teddy isn’t out there. He’s not with us.”
“Why?” I held my breath. “Tell me.”
"There was an accident.” He touched my arm.
I shrugged his touch from my arm. “WHERE IS TEDDY?” I screamed. “Is he in the hospital?”
“Sit down, honey.”
“NO!..Tell...me...where...Teddy is.” My chest tightened. I ran to the door again.
“Honey, Teddy is...isn’t coming.”
“Why not? For God’s sake, Michael, tell me!”
Griffin stepped to me and said, quietly, “Teddy’s dead, mom. He fell off the mountain.”
The last thing I saw before losing consciousness was Griffin’s light blue eyes and his smiling face.
When I came to I was lying on the couch with Michael sitting beside me. Poor Michael, I thought, you look dirty, have you been gardening? Then I remembered. Teddy is dead. I sat up abruptly. “NO, NO, NO! Tell me it was a bad dream. Tell me Teddy is alive.”
Michael took my hands in his and kissed them. “It’s true, honey.”
I remember how cold his hands were. Tears rolled down his cheeks, his eyes were filled with pain. “Our boy is dead.”
He lay his head down on my lap, his arms around my waist and cried. After a few moments he looked up at me and said, “Oh, my darling, I’m so sorry. I’m so terribly sorry.”
“Tell me how it happened.” My voice sounded as if it were coming from a long distance.
“An accident. He fell,” Michael said.
“Teddy was such a confident hiker. It’s hard to believe he fell.”
I lay very still, waiting for the nausea to subside. “Did he trip? Did he get too close to the edge of a cliff?”
“I don’t know, honey. I turned my back to look at the view and suddenly Griffin was screaming that Teddy was falling.”
He wiped his tears with the back of his hand. “It was all so fast and...”
The front door opened and Molly walked in. “Griffin called me.” She walked to the couch and touched us gently. “I’ll be in the kitchen, if you want me.”
“What did Griffin say?” I asked.
“He told me Teddy was dead and I should come right over. I’m going to make some coffee and bring you both a shot of Scotch and a glass of water.” She patted my hand. “And after that, I’m going to look in on Griffin.”
“Thank you.”

The police reported there was nothing suspicious about Teddy's death. He had slipped and fallen more than a hundred feet to the rocks below. I chose not to see his twisted and broken remains. I wanted to remember my handsome son full of life.
I dreaded telling mother. Molly went with Michael and me. She and Michael sat on either side of mom. I sat facing her, holding her hands. She was very brave. “Did he suffer?” she asked.
“He died in the fall,” Michael assured her.

The memorial was a beautiful tribute at the beach to my darling, smart, funny, caring son. Michael, Molly, mother and I sat on the sand with several of Michael’s friends from the university. Griffin refused to sit near us. The more I begged him to join us, the farther he moved away.
We watched ten of Teddy’s best surfing pals paddle out on their surfboards. Each dropped a yellow rose into the water. Then Denny, Teddy’s best friend, opened the small copper urn holding Teddy’s ashes and poured them into the ocean.
When I'd agreed to have his ashes spread at sea it seemed a beautiful thing to do. I had no idea how deeply it would affect me. But as I watched Denny tip the urn toward the water, it was all I could do not to scream, “NO! That’s my child, my boy, my baby! You can’t just leave him in the cold water like that! Let me have him. I’ll take him home where he belongs.” But I sat still, gritting my teeth, holding Michael’s hand and feeling our tears drop onto our fingers.
Teddy's friends all caught the same wave and surfed in to the strains of Tears in Heaven, sung by our friend Andy, who stood on the beach playing his guitar. Reverend Frailey offered prayers. Then we all held hands and sang Imagine and Aloha.
Several of Michael’s friends unloaded beer, wine and sandwiches from their cars, setting them out on one of the picnic tables we'd reserved for the occasion. For an hour or so the crowd greeted and milled, then broke into groups and walked the beach.
Molly drove mother to her apartment. Michael, Griffin and I returned home. We sat on the back porch. I felt heavy and exhausted from grief but not ready to leave Michael and Griffin even for a few hours, afraid they would vanish and I’d be left alone with my grief.
We sat in silence for awhile. Griffin broke the stillness. “This is probably the worst time to bring this up,” he said. “But I’ve made a decision.”
His decision was to go live with his father’s cousin Richard in New Hampshire for his senior year of high school.
“But this is so terribly sudden,” I blurted out. “And unfair! We just lost your brother. And now we’re expected to let you go, too. Just like that?” Tears began to blind my eyes. I stood and stumbled to the end of the porch and kept my back to him.
“How long have you been planning this, son?” Michael’s voice rose almost to a yell. “Have you thought about the burden it would put on Richard? In fact, have you even asked him about it? For God’s sake, Griffin. Your timing couldn’t be worse! Why now? Can’t you wait for a few months? I just can’t believe...”
“Dad! Mom! I’ve been in touch with Richard for months. Long before Teddy’s...Teddy died. This is not a sudden idea. I’ve wanted to get out on my own, away from Teddy for a long...”
“Well, that won’t be hard now will it?" I screamed, "since your brother is dead!” I knew I was out of control and didn’t care. I wanted to hurt Griffin. At that moment I wanted to physically hurt him. I turned and ran at him with my hands in fists. Michael caught me before I reached our son. When I realized what I had done, I put my arms around Griffin and held him to me.”Griffy, Griffy, please don’t go. Please.”
Griffin patted my back, released himself and walked into the house. I started after him, but Michael held me back.
“Let him go, darling. Emotions are high right now. I’ll talk to him. Maybe he’ll change his mind.”
“He’s our son! Why is he leaving? I won’t let him. I won’t!” I sat on the floor and cried harder than when Teddy died.

For weeks I went to bed exhausted and anxious, waking up feeling the same. It didn’t matter what time I got to bed. I woke up at one thirty after terrifyingly vivid dreams. Now the ghosts had faces. Not clearly defined, more like smoke or clouds. Some seemed to have the form of comedy and tragedy theatre masks. A baby boy was always among them. He seemed in terrible distress. He kept reaching for me. When I tried to reach for him, he disappeared. I couldn’t open my mouth to scream. I woke up very suddenly, too terrified to move, and afraid to go back to sleep.
Michael called his cousin in New Hampshire. Richard told him he was delighted to have a member of the family live with him for awhile. He said Griffin had first called him about the plan several months ago, asking that nothing be said about it yet to me or Michael. Richard wasn't happy with that promise, but kept it to maintain communication with Griffin. Michael thanked him and signed off after promising to visit New Hampshire soon.
“Maybe a trip to New England is just what we need.” Michael suggested. “A real get away to take our minds off all the shitty things that have happened lately.”
“I love that idea, Michael. Let's do it.”

During the next several weeks, I tried to turn my thoughts to preparing Griffin for his life in New Hampshire. But when I suggested a shopping trip for some warm winter clothes or the logistics of living in a new area he’d say, “They have stores in New Hampshire,” or “I’ve got that covered. You don’t have to worry, Mom.” Which translated into “butt out.” So I kept my mouth shut and watched my baby make plans he had no intention of sharing with me. And sank further into my depression.

Six months after Teddy’s death and the third month after Griffin left for New Hampshire, Michael came home with a bottle of my favorite wine and happy grin on his face. As he opened the wine, he asked, “How would you like to spend some time in Monterey, California?”
“Well I...for a vacation? You mean instead of New England? Or...”
“The admissions officer at Cal State Monterey is taking a leave for health reasons. I’ve been asked to fill in up there until things sift out. It would only be for a few months.”
After handing me a glass of wine and clicking my glass with his, he led me to the family room sofa and patted the seat for me to sit down next to him. The thought briefly occurred to me that I was being railroaded, but on some level it felt good. I kept a smile on my face as I asked, “When would we leave?”
“Well...soon. In fact, they want an answer tomorrow morning...and if we decide to take it...we’ll have to pack and leave by the end of the week.”
“You mean this week?”
Michael screwed up his face into a very cute pained look. “Yeah...Listen I wouldn’t expect you to do all the packing and preps. I’d help and...
I suddenly felt the wonderful excitement of a new adventure. “Let’s go!”
My husband looked at me in disbelief. “Really?”
“Yes, really. Now tell me the details, while I start my To Do list.”
“My God!” he shouted, before he gave me a long hard kiss. “I think I’ve got my girl back!"



NINETEEN


We left home early Saturday morning to beat the LA traffic, our Volvo wagon crammed with clothes and necessities for the next three months. I sat with my knees under my chin in the front seat next to Michael, surrounded by my cosmetics bag, sacks of nibble food, and maps. My feet rested on a box filled with indoor plants and one framed photo. We planned to make five or six stops on the eight-hour trip up the coast to Monterey
At 11:30 a.m. we arrived in Santa Barbara, two blocks from the pier, parking the car near the beach. We hadn’t been there since Teddy died. I expected it to bring back memories.
Michael turned to me after he parked the car and asked how I was doing.
“I’m fine. Really.”
He studied me closely. “You’re sure you want to do this?”
“I’m sure,” I lied. “We can’t stop doing things because they remind us of Teddy.”
“That’s my girl.”
He kissed my cheek and opened the door. I grabbed my wide-brimmed straw hat off the pile of luggage in the back seat and pulled my cramped body from the car.
Michael took my hand, squeezing it three times. I replied with three of my own. Thank God I still have Michael. I'd go insane if I didn't have him to lean on.
“Let’s go gobble down 400 calories of chocolate," Michael suggested with a smile.
Halfway down the pier we each dropped coins in a bowl held by a man in a wheelchair. His legs had been amputated below the knee. A sign on his lap read “Stop the killing.” Violent death was something I didn't dare think about since Teddy’s death, so I concentrated on Michael and that perfect, cloudless April day.
For a few minutes after ordering two scoops of chocolate ice cream on sugar cones, I felt whole again. We meandered back up the pier, stopping several times to admire the blue water and laugh at the pelicans.
By the time we returned to the car our hands and arms were sticky and streaked with chocolate. We pulled out our water bottles from the cooler, splashed the cool contents over each other and dried with the towel I’d brought for the occasion. The ritual was complete. To my relief, my emotions remained under control. We climbed into the car and headed back to the highway.
During the next four hours on the road we talked about Michael’s work at the university and our plans for weekend adventures in the Monterey area. We laughed at the comedy audio tapes we brought along.

We reached the little town of Marina at five thirty. Following directions given to Michael, we pulled up in front of the university's housing office.
“I’ll go in and get the key,” Michael said. “I’ll need to introduce myself and show some ID. I’ll be right out.” Forty long minutes later he reappeared, slid in beside me, jingled the apartment keys, and started the engine.
Within five minutes we arrived at our destination, rows of tan clapboard apartments that had served as officer’s quarters before the military sold the land to the University.
Michael stopped the car in the driveway, looking up to the second floor. “This is it, sweetheart, 332, Sail Drive, Marina, California. Let’s drag our tired bodies up the stairs and take a look at our new digs.”
We put down our boxes of food in the kitchen and walked through the other four rooms. Living room with tan carpet, tan sofa and chair, small TV on a book shelf, four tan bare walls. Bedroom with double bed, side tables, small dresser, tan rug, tan walls. Michael shrugged, “Well, it’s not home, but..."
“But its home for the next three months,” I said in my cheeriest voice. “Come on, let’s get settled.”
By six-thirty Michael had unpacked the car. I had a pasta casserole baking in the oven. A bottle of white wine was cooling in the refrigerator. As I stood by the sink, preparing greens for the salad, Michael stepped behind me, encircling my waist with his arms. “You, my darling, are a wonder.”
“Thank you, my love, but it didn’t take any extra time to pack the cooler. Besides, if I hadn’t brought the fresh food it would have spoiled.”
Michael began to massage my breasts as he suggested, “A little nap before dinner.”

By nine we had eaten, cleaned the dishes and were in our bathrobes, cuddling on the couch, watching the news.
“At least we have a television,” Michael said. “And you, my girl, can sit here every day eating bonbons while watching the soaps until I get home.”
“Michael, please don’t say that. You know I'm going to get out and do things.”
“Honey, I didn’t mean...I’m probably beginning to feel guilty. I’m going to be busy and involved and ...well, what will you do? I don’t want you to...?”
“Don’t want me to what? ‘Go off the deep end,’ as you call it?”
He looked at me briefly, then turned back to the television. I knew he asked because he loved me, but I also knew he thought I used depression as an excuse for everything.
“Not to worry.”
I rose and walked to the hall leading to the bedroom, “I promise to keep busy.”
I sounded rudely flip. But I hadn’t meant to, at least not that forcefully. But I didn’t apologize and was in bed, my side table light off, pretending to be asleep, when Michael entered the room. I lay there not moving while he read his book and finally turned out his light.

In the morning light we saw what it had been too dark to see the night before. Acres of brown earth, scruffy brush, and scrub oak with dried gray moss hanging from dead gray branches. It called to my mind the opening scene of a horror movie.
We ate breakfast as we watched CNN. More depressing news about the war in Iraq. I forced myself not to listen, clearing the dishes as soon as Michael had finished eating.
When he came out of the bedroom, ready for his day, he looked wonderful in his new blue shirt and blazer. My heart did a flip. “Mr. Bauer, you look very handsome. Your female office staff has a treat in store.”
He grinned. “I’ll miss you, too.” He picked up his briefcase. “We’d better get on the road. I don’t want to be late my first day.” He tossed the car keys to me, “Guess you’ll need these, since you’ll be playing taxi driver.”
I drove while Michael read aloud the directions to his office. On both sides of the narrow road the landscape was the same as we had seen from our apartment window. Scrub oak with dried moss hanging from the thin gray branches and a background of brown earth and gray sky. I shuddered at the depressing sight but kept a smile on my face for Michael's sake.
After we'd driven a mile without seeing a car or a pedestrian, I asked Michael if he was sure we were on the right road.
“I’m sure. This was an army base, don’t forget. They probably played war games around here.” He chuckled. “Maybe we’ll find a dead body.”
“Michael, that’s not funny. This is creepy enough.”
As I spoke I rounded a curve and found brightly colored yellow, lavender and blue buildings, green grass, and best of all, people.
“That's a relief. I think we’ve found your university.”
Michael gave me a peck on the mouth. “Think you can find your way back?”
“I dropped virtual bread crumbs,” I said.
“Good girl.” He opened the door and slid out from his seat quickly.
I felt a pang of loneliness as I watched him hurry up the walk to the front door of the administration building. At age fifty-three his thinning red hair was mixed with gray. He had added a few pounds through the years, but he was still a hunk of a man.
I waited a moment, hoping he’d turn back and wave. He didn’t. I knew that he’d been sitting mentally at his desk since he received the call offering him the position. He was in demand. A dedicated, busy, happy man. After what we had been through the past few years, he well-deserved it. I was determined he wouldn’t have to worry about me. No depression, no hallucinating.



TWENTY


As I drove back to the apartment on the deserted road, I glanced in the rear view mirror. I thought I saw something moving out from the bushes. But when I looked again it was gone. Myopia often caused me to see undefined shapes in the distance, so I decided my imagination was just working overtime. It was probably a coyote. It’s this dreary place. Don’t let it get to you.
I found my way home on that lonely road, brewed coffee, put on happy ‘70s music, and began to organize our apartment.

The next three days, congratulating myself for bringing my laptop, I set up an office area off the kitchen. I also found time to rearrange the living room furniture three times, make several trips to the grocery store, install a hanging fuchsia basket on the porch, and cook my husband his favorite dinners.
In an e-mail to Molly, I described our apartment, the village of Marina, and our new life. Then I remembered mom would be eighty-one soon and heard her words in my head, “Olivia, e-mails are cold. They’re for lazy people who won’t take the time to telephone their loved ones.”
I called her, putting on my most cheerful voice. “Mom? Hi.”
“Well, it’s about time you called. I’ve been worried. Are you all right?”
“Of course I’m all right. I’ve just been busy.
“How are you feeling? I mean...”
“I feel fine. I think the change of scene is going to do me a lot of good.”
“But the weather and all. The paper says it’s raining up there.” Poor mom, she was sincerely concerned.
“It’s a little drippy. But I’m not calling to talk about the weather. I’m calling to tell you I put a package in the mail for your birthday. It ought to get there by Wednesday or Thursday."
“Oh, you didn’t have to do that. You’ve got enough to do.”
“Mom, nothing is as important as you. How are you?”
“I’m fine, just worried about you. I don’t suppose you’ve heard from Griffin?”
“No. But I’m sure we will. Have you seen Parker lately?”
“Yes, your cousin Sally took me out to see your brother a couple of days ago. He’s not very good.”
“How do you mean?”
“Well, he’s vague, kind of jumps from one subject to another. It’s just like always. When I arrive he’s glad to see me. By the time I leave he hates me again.”
“I’m sorry, mom.”
"Yes, well, he’s very ill. It’s sad.” She paused. “How’s Michael?”
“He’s great. He loves the university and the people he’s working with. He sends his love.”
“And you give him mine. You know I’ve always liked Michael, right from the first. He’s a good man.”
“I’ll tell him, mom.”
“Well, I'm sure you have lots to do settling in up there. So I won't keep you from it."
“Okay, mom. Take care of yourself, and happy birthday.”
“Well, to tell you the awful truth, there’s nothing happy about turning eighty-one, but thank you.”
“I love you, mom.”
“And I love you. Goodbye now.”

The next morning I delivered Michael to his office and was about to drive home, when I decided to seek a short cut. Wary of getting lost, I picked a road that looked like it led in the direction of campus housing. After about a half mile it narrowed to one lane, showing obvious neglect. Weeds grew out of the cracks in the concrete, and there were pot holes large enough to swallow a tire.
I felt more uncomfortable by the minute. When I tried to turn the car around there wasn’t enough space. The sandy shoulders looked unstable. The tall scrub brush bordering the road crowded so close to the sides of the pavement I felt my claustrophobia kicking in.
Beginning to panic, I had to get off that road. I took a right at the corner of a large field of weeds that looked like it had once been the site of a military building. A half fallen chain link fence surrounded a decaying wood structure.
I followed the road that had become more like a path. It ended in weeds. The only way out was to take another right turn. At the end of that road I came to a stand of eucalyptus trees, looking like warriors, blocking my way. After turning right again I was relieved to find I could make an immediate left onto the original road leading back to Michael's office.
But relief turned to terror when the steering wheel lurched out of my hands and the engine died.
For a moment I sat in silence. My heart was pumping so fast it seemed to be shaking my whole body. The wheel turned itself. Or something else turned it. The car stopped itself. Or something else stopped it. A feeling of profound sadness enveloped me. From the corner of my eye I saw something move.
Taking a deep breath, I turned the key. The engine restarted, but the car would not move forward. The rear wheels were stuck in the sand. I shifted into reverse, then forward, then reverse until I had succeeded in rocking the car onto solid ground and the road leading back to the university, where I could find the road back to the apartment. I vowed never again to try shortcuts through the old military grounds.
Halfway home my head began to ache. By the time I reached the apartment I had the most severe headache I’d ever experienced. After taking three aspirin and a glass of water, I sat on the couch with my feet on the coffee table and reviewed what had happened.
Actually, nothing, I told myself. I just lost my way and panicked. It was all my imagination.
But something did happen today. Something I couldn't tell Michael about.
Michael called several times a day that first week, “just to say hi.” I finally told him not to bother.
“I’m fine. I love hearing your voice, but I’m busy discovering the area and trying to get back to writing.”
He sounded relieved, “That’s good news. Maybe this whole experience is good for you.”
I hung up and stood at the kitchen window, looking out at the drippy day. During my life I’d had depressions, but I’d never seen things that weren’t there.

For the next three days I stayed close to home. I intended to do some writing. But each time I began an article or short story it turned into a description of that road to nowhere. One minute I was frightened and the next unbearably sad.
To hide my mental turmoil in the evenings I became so cheerful Michael asked me several times if I was “on something.” He was kidding, of course, but I did feel like I'd been drugged. I'd lost control of my thoughts. I yearned to talk to Michael about it, but I knew he’d either be angry or laugh at me.
I was overwhelmed by sadness and fear. This was not the same depression I’d known. It was something different.



TWENTY-ONE


On each of the next two days, while driving to the university to pick up Michael, I thought I saw a man in the distance, walking alongside the road. But when I reached the place where I'd spotted him, he was gone.
One evening Michael said he’d love to hear what I’d been writing. I told him, “It’s still taking form. I’ll read it to you in a few days.”
If he’d asked me a more exact question, such as, “What are you writing?” Or “How does it feel to get back to it?” I’d have made up something. Or maybe just owned up and said, “I can’t write, I sit and stare at the screen and see Teddy’s face, and I’m paralyzed.” But Michael didn’t ask, so the charade continued.
One afternoon I honored the promise I'd made to myself to get outdoors and exercise. I zipped up my jacket, pulled up my hood and began a brisk walk to the park, a block from the apartment. I was greeted by such a fiercely cold wind I gave up and returned to the apartment.
It was definitely an afternoon for some quiet reading. Since we were in Steinbeck country it was a perfect place to reread his novels. A pile of them sat on the coffee table. I looked them over. Mr.Steinbeck, I love your writing but l do not share your love of the afternoon winds. Except for picking up Michael at five, I spent the rest of the day indoors.
The next morning I vowed I would get outside. Again, I bundled up in my warm jacket, locked the front door, and vowed to walk to and around the park. But the winds came again to force me back again to the warmth and comfort of the apartment. But this time I was driven back, not just from the force of the stormy gale, but from the sound of voices carried in the wind.
I entered the apartment, slammed the door and fastened both the door lock and the deadbolt. Removing my coat, I sat at the kitchen table. I clasped my hands together on the tabletop, trying to calm myself. “It’s only my imagination. But I could swear I heard Teddy’s voice...no that’s impossible. Just morbid, wishful thinking.
After brewing a cup of tea, I picked up my cell phone and rang Molly’s number.
“Hello?”
I felt better already, just hearing her voice.
“Molly?”
“Livi? Hi, Sugar.”
“Hi. How are you doing, Molly?”
“I’m just as fine as I can be. But you sound kinda down. Everything okay up there?”
“There’s nothing wrong. I just wanted to hear your voice.”
“Come on. I know you better than that. Tell me what’s wrong?”
“I don’t know. It’s so gloomy up here. And the wind’s always blowing.”
“What are you doing?”
“Not much. Shopping...and...”
“AND...?”
“I see things.”
“What kind of things?”
“Things....things that aren’t there.”
“I’m not sure what you mean.”
“I’m not sure what I mean either.” I was beginning to wish I hadn’t called.
“Does Michael know?”
“No.”
“Are you going to tell him?”
“No. You know Michael, he’ll either think I’m loony or in another depression, or both. Either way he’ll be angry and won’t believe me. He’d say I should see a doctor. And I don’t want to do that.”
“Listen, get in the car, drive to the beach and sit by the water. And tomorrow take yourself to a funny movie. Are you getting enough sleep?”
“Yes...well.” I thought about the nights I lay awake, thinking about the wind voices. “I feel rested.”
“Just get out and go somewhere. Will you do that?”
“Yes. How are you doing?”
“I’m fine, happy as a clam, teaching my high school sophomores. I love reading their papers. Last week I assigned the subject of self esteem. One of my girls misheard me and wrote about her ‘self of steam.’” Molly laughed. “Hers was the best paper in class.”
“Molly, you’re wonderful. You always cheer me up.”
“And you, Sugar, have seen me through some real bad times. In fact, you are the one person I can always depend on. So take care of yourself, and call me tomorrow. Hear me?”
“Okay. Yes.”
“I love you, Livi.”
“I love you, too.”
A few days later I received an email from Molly.

My Dearest friend,
When you called me the other day I heard something new in your voice that worries me. You seem frightened. You are always so ready to help other people. I watched you help your mom and your aunt Helen through some heavy depressions, bravely and ever so tenderly. When Rick died you kept me from going totally under.
Now is not the time to be brave. If you need help, you should seek it. I’m saying all this because I’m selfish. I love you and need you to be sane and alive for another fifty years at least. I want to help you. But I don’t know how. Would it help if I came up there for a visit, or you come down here?
Please let me know how I can help. I love you, dearest friend.
Molly

Oh, my dear Molly. I can’t keep bothering you about my ghost sightings and voices that flow in on the breeze. I WILL pull myself together.

The next morning I replied.

Please do not worry about me. I’m strong and well, only a bit homesick. I plan to do some heavy shopping this afternoon. I’ll let you know what gorgeous togs I find. You take care of yourself and enjoy your "self of steam." I love you too, L.

For the next two weeks, except for cooking, marketing and taxiing Michael, I stayed indoors. Away from the windows.



TWENTY-TWO


On Tuesday of the third week in Marina, I pulled a cardboard box out of the closet and unpacked the photo I’d been afraid to look at since Teddy’s death. It was my favorite family picture of the four of us during a summer trip to Seattle. Michael, Teddy, Griffin and me, dressed for hiking, stood in a field of wild flowers with the peak of Mt. Rainier in the distance behind us. Michael had carefully placed the camera on a rock, set the timer and run into his spot. I stood beside the boys. Teddy, always the comic, had his arms around Griffin’s chest and was looking at his twin with exaggerated admiration. Griffin stood with a forced smile as usual, letting his brother take the stage. Michael was on the other side of Griffin, his arm around his shoulders. It was dated "Summer 1995." We looked goofy and happy. And we were. A goofy, happy family.
I held the photo close to my heart, hoping it might take some of the pain away. But it only made it worse.
The following morning's weather was as dismal as ever. Gray skies, chilly and spitting rain. When I returned from dropping Michael off, I made coffee and stood looking out the window. Everything was deathly still. Then, in the woods across the green, something moved. An animal? A man? I closed my eyes against the vision. When I opened them, it was still there. It was beckoning to me. 
Feeling ill, I turned away for a moment. Then, holding my breath, I turned to look again. It was gone. My imagination. I was seeing things that weren’t there.
I shook myself and rubbed my arms and face. I drank a glass of water and sat down at the computer. I stared at the keyboard for maybe twenty minutes trying to write. I had to do something. I needed to keep my mind from drifting to Teddy or my nightmares or whatever I thought I was seeing.
Then I heard my father’s voice, “Face your fears, Olivia. Look under the bed. Open the closet door. Go into the basement. I’ll always be with you, if you need me.”
I took several deep breaths and made a decision.
A Google search gave me the address and directions to the nearest public library. I threw on my jacket and grabbed my purse before I could change my mind.
The reference desk librarian greeted me. A small woman in her fifties, wearing an orange wool jacket, green skirt and rimmed glasses, she had a cheerful singsong voice, “Good morning. How can I help you?”
She reminded me of a pumpkin. I wanted to hug her for giving me the first inner giggle in weeks.
“I’m looking for books on Fort Ord.”
Her face brightened, “We have several good books on Fort Ord. It’s also one of my favorite subjects. I’ve lived here most of my life.” She directed me to the right stacks. “You let me know if you need any help.”
I found four books. Two were on the history of the Monterey area and two on the Fort. I filled out the required form, thanked Miss Pamela Hannigan, and drove home with my treasures.
My stomach growled as I entered the kitchen and put the books on the table. I felt hungry for the first time in months. In the refrigerator I found a leftover tuna salad and a Budweiser. For the next forty-five minutes I filled my stomach while taking notes on the history of the area. Feeling better by the minute, I vowed to make friends with old Fort Ord.
In the first book, Images of Fort Ord, by Harold E. Raugh, Jr., I found photos taken between 1937 and 1994. They showed the construction of the buildings. They looked familiar. Either I’d been there at that time, which was impossible, or I had seen these photos before.
I turned a page and saw a picture of the interior of the Soldier’s Club in 1943. I knew what it was before reading the caption. My heart raced. I felt dizzy and deeply sad. I sat down with my head on my hands for a few minutes until the dizziness passed. Then I closed the book and placed it on the table.
Olivia, don’t let this happen. Stop spooking yourself.  Change your thoughts or you’ll go nuts.
I turned on the television and watched a talk show until it was nearly time to pick up Michael.
Before I left for the university, I changed to my favorite bright red shirt and new jeans, brushed my hair, and repaired my face. No more sad-looking, messy lady, for my husband. I grabbed the cooler and packed the wine bottle, glasses, cheese, chips and some leftover chicken.
I drove up to Michael's office just as he was coming out. I kissed him and gave him a loving smile. “It’s a lovely evening. How about a walk and picnic on the beach?”
Michael looked me up and down, “You’re looking especially lovely this evening, my sweet.”
“Thank you. May I offer you a ride to the warm sands of Monterey Bay? I brought your beach shoes and hat.”
He climbed into the car and said, “That sounds wonderful. You’re in a pretty good mood this evening. Are we celebrating something?”
“Yes. Being together.”
We walked the sandy beach for an hour and then spread our blanket and sat on the sand. I opened the cooler and handed Michael the bottle of wine and glasses. He opened the bottle and filled our glasses while I unwrapped the snacks.
“I love you for this Mrs. Bauer.”
“Surely a picnic is not the only reason you love me, Mr. Bauer.”
“Absolutely not. I could name the ways, of which there are many. However, I think it’s time you had your surprise.”
“Surprise? What?”
“Don’t even try to guess. And I would have told you sooner, but I wanted you sitting down with wine in your hand.”
“Michael...”
“All right. This is from Griffin.” He pulled a letter from his jacket pocket.
I froze fearing another two page tirade. “What does he say?”
“It’s surprisingly warm. I’ll read it to you.” He took a drink from his wine glass.

Dear Mom and Dad,
What a shock to hear from me, right? I’ve been thinking about you and wondering how it is in Monterey. I’ve always heard great things about it.
My life is pretty busy with my summer job and reading assignments for the fall semester. But I do have two weeks off in August before I head back to the campus, so I was thinking of coming out to see you guys.
I realize this is pretty sudden. If you’re busy or don’t have room for me, I’ll understand.
It would be great to see you.
Let me know what you think.
Griffin

My mind filled with yeses and nos. Dread, then excitement. “Do you think he really means it?” I asked.
“Yes, I do. Or he wouldn’t have written.”
“I mean, ‘that it would be great to see you.’ He hasn’t said anything like that for a long time.”
“Maybe he’s maturing. Or maybe he misses family, or...I don’t know.”
My stomach constricted. “I remember the last time we saw him. He was so cruel and negative.”
“I remember that too. It’s hard to forget.” Michael drank the remains of his wine in two gulps. “Shall we take a chance?”
“He is our son.” I said. “Our only son.”
Michael took the wine bottle from the basket and poured us both a fresh glass. “Let’s sleep on it.”
We watched the sunset as he filled me in on what was current at the office. I listened and made comments, but I could barely retain a thought about anything except Griffin’s letter.



TWENTY-THREE


That night I read for an hour after Michael switched off his light. I slipped into a twilight sleep. I was awakened in the middle of the night by a tapping on our bedroom window. At first I thought I was dreaming, but the tapping continued until I was fully awake. I lay there listening to what had become constant scratching. I prayed it would stop, but it continued, growing louder. I wanted to see what it was, but I didn’t dare. I thought the noise would wake Michael. But his breathing remained even, and he didn’t stir. I thought of waking him, but he’d be angry with me if it was nothing.
I made myself sit up and put my feet on the floor. I took a deep breath and crept to the window. I opened the blind a half inch and saw the branches of a tree scraping the outside of the window from the wind. Relieved, I closed the blind and tip-toed back toward the bed. But something urged me to turn back and open the blind again. This time when I opened the blind I saw a shape running across the grassy field. I screamed and raced back to the bed.
Michael turned on his light and saw me lying awkwardly on top of the covers. “Oh, honey, what happened? Are you all right?”
“Yes I’m fine.”
“What happened?”
I wanted to tell him what I had seen, but feared he wouldn’t believe me, or worse, would laugh at me.
“I tripped on the corner of the bed and fell. I’m so sorry I woke you.”
“That’s okay. Is your ankle all right?”
“Yes. I’m fine. But would you hold me for a little while?”
“It would be my pleasure.”
He pulled the blanket over me and slid closer. As he reached for me he said, “Honey, after this, turn on your light when you want to get up in the night. Better to wake me than for you to have a broken ankle.”
Michael went back to sleep almost immediately. I lay in his arms the rest of the night, wondering if I was going the way of my brother.

At breakfast Michael looked at me with concern and said, “Honey, you look tired. Did you sleep at all after you hurt your ankle?”
“I...sure, some.”
“Maybe you’d better see a doctor if it still hurts."
“Oh my ankle is fine, really.” I smiled. "But maybe I’ll stay off it for a day.”
“That’s a good idea. I’ll take the car so you won’t have to drive today. Need me to pick up anything on the way home?”
“Thanks, honey, but no.” I reached for his hand. “I think I’m just tired and unsettled about Griffin maybe coming for a visit. It would be so wonderful to see him, but...”
“I know. Let’s talk about it tonight. But if it works out and he’s okay...I think it would do you a lot of good. You’ve been lonely up here without your friends, haven’t you?”
“Well...yes.”
“A visit from our son may be just what you need.”
“It’s odd, though, don’t you think? Suddenly, after not hearing from him in months, he decides to come out here to see us.”
“Well, that’s Griffy. Glum and hate-filled one minute, high as a kite the next.” He looked at the wall clock, “I’ve got to go. I’ve got an eight o’clock meeting.”
I walked to the window and watched him back the car out of the driveway to the street. After he turned the corner, I felt an ache of loneliness.
As I washed dishes I listened to the morning news on the kitchen radio. More of our troops killed in Iraq. I switched off the radio. I suppose if Teddy hadn’t died on the mountain, he may well have died in the war. It’s almost funny isn’t it? Teddy would be dead one way or the other. OH, My God, why am I having these thoughts?
I walked to the bedroom, past the table where I'd left the books about the fort, and made up the bed. Gathering soiled linens and clothes, I started a wash. I walked back through the living room and past the books again to the small back porch. I stood mindlessly looking at the landscape for maybe fifteen minutes and suddenly realized, you’re staring at Ford Ord.
I returned to the kitchen and made another pot of coffee. I sat down to read the paper, giving up when I saw the front page announcing more casualties. More dead soldiers.
I sat on the couch, studying the cover of the book I’d been looking at the day before. It was a brown and white photo, probably taken in the 1930’s, of a group of smiling young soldiers sitting in three rows. They looked relaxed and happy and proud. Two men held a rifle. One had his left hand on the barrel, the other had his right hand on the muzzle. Five wore hats. A man in the front row wore boots and held a small dog. One soldier standing in the back row sported a mustache. One in the front row was smiling so broadly I imagined he was the clown of the group and had just said something silly to the photographer. I wondered where they all were now. Dead, of course, or very old.
Finally picking up the book, I flipped through the pages as I had the day before. There were photos of men marching, training, a cavalry regiment in 1938, a simulated Vietnamese village, and men dressed as Viet Cong in 1969. There were pictures of newly built barracks. The same decaying barracks I’d seen last week.



TWENTY-FOUR


“It’s a beautiful day. How about a hike? I’d like to see more of Ford Ord. Let's take the camera and do some real investigating!”
My initial reaction to Michael's well-meaning invitation was to suggest some other place to explore. But then I remembered my quest to get to know Fort Ord. So I agreed. “I’d love to," I said, "I’ll pack some sandwiches and the sun block, clean up the kitchen, and be ready in an hour.”
“That’s my girl! I’ll get the backpack.” He patted my fanny and began to whistle as he did a little tap dance.
Michael was in the car at eleven, singing and honking for me to hurry. His exaggerated show of glee was annoying, until it hit me. Between the rainy weather and his work, Michael hadn’t had a day of fun in weeks. He deserved to have a happy adventure. I slid into the seat beside him, prepared to join in his silly mood.
We took the road past the university toward the old barracks. I felt a cold dread and kept my eyes directed to the interior of the car. Then I realized my hand was squeezing the armrest and my breathing had become sporadic. I forced myself to relax and look out the window.
The rows of boarded up barracks we passed were not nearly as old looking as those I had seen that first day. The place was dreary and a little creepy, but not frightening. The roads were wide and not as cracked and weed-filled. It might be a fun hike after all.
We parked in an area where there was just one other car. As Michael strapped on the backpack he smiled at me and said, “Which way, my dear?”
“I’ve no idea. It all looks the same.” Vacant and lonely.
We started walking a paved road and had gotten about a half mile when we came to sawhorses supporting a barrier posting a sign reading, "Do Not Enter." Halfway up the hill, rising from beyond the barrier was a small mound of dirt and debris. I felt a pull towards it, together with a cold dread.
“That looks like a very old sign,” Michael said, “Shall we tempt fate and ignore it?”
“Well...I...oh, sure. Why not? Let’s have an adventure!”
Michael squeezed my shoulders. “Good girl.”
He took my hand, helping me get around the sawhorses.
“Watch your step. There could be anything from carpet tacks to rattlesnakes.”
“Thanks, Michael. That’s a cheerful thought.”
I picked my way carefully through the pile of dirt trapped around and under the barriers.
“Now which way, my lovely leader?” Michael asked.
“How about straight ahead up that slope to the pile of debris? I feel it calling.” I said laughing.
“Well, booga, booga! I’ll follow you, captain.” Michael’s laugh was real. He was relaxing. It was good to see. We had both been uptight and holding for weeks. Maybe today we’d actually have fun and forget...no we would never forget...just push it aside for awhile and pretend.
We climbed the hill carefully on what we guessed was once a path. It was now covered with dry weeds and loose sand. We approached the plateau with the pile of debris that I’d seen from below. The closer we came to it the more fearful I got. I became certain it would hold something dark and ugly. By the time we reached it I was shaking and my head had begun to ache. As I stood staring at it I saw a familiar half-burned plaid shirt exactly like the ones the twins often wore. I must have gasped because Michael grabbed me and held me in a firm hug.
“What’s the matter, darling?”
“I guess it was a steeper and higher climb than it looked from below. I’m winded.”
“Let’s take a drink of water from our thermos.”
We drank and stashed our sweaters in our backpacks. Flashing each other a smile of encouragement, we continued our trek. It took us another half hour to reach the top of the hill.
We sat on the dirt, opened our packs and drank from our thermoses.
“We’d better go easy on the water,” Michael said. “At this rate it won’t last the day.”
“You’re right, honey. We should take small sips. In the meantime, look at that view!”
The flat valley floor stretched out below over the length of three football fields. Weeds had taken over most of it. Trees lined the right side. On the left side was a long building. Half of its roof was fallen in. The windows were broken and the doors swung loose. It was the same barracks I'd seen in my dreams.
Stunned by the vision, I suddenly felt dizzy, lost my balance and stumbled. As I stumbled, I caught my foot on a small shrub and fell, screaming. As I screamed, Michael tried too late to catch me. I began rolling and sliding down the hill, trying to grab small bushes along the way. I finally rolled onto a small plateau, crashing into a tree stump. Michael came running. He knelt down and held me for a few seconds before saying anything.
“OH, God, Olivia! Watching you I just saw my life ending.”
“You and me both,” I croaked. I leaned over and spit. “And I have a mouth full of sand.”
“Can you sit up?”
“I think so.”
Michael bent his knee and helped me lean against it. “How do you feel? Any broken bones?”
“I don’t know. I don’t think so. I’m almost afraid to test it.”
“Well, when you’re ready I’ll help you up and we’ll check you out. But rest for a few minutes now.” He reached for his backpack, drawing out his thermos. “In the meantime, take a mouthful.”
“Michael, we barely have enough for the hike back to the car. We can’t waste it.”
“Darling, this is not wasting it. Spit out the debris in your mouth and swallow some water. You need it.”
I followed his instructions, then leaned against my pack. “Honey, I’m so sorry. I feel stupid and clumsy. I’m sure I’m all right. Please help me up.”
“Okay, if you’re sure.”
“I’m sure.” But as I tried to stand, we both saw what had been hidden. The back of my Levi's around my right leg was soaked with blood.
“Can you pull your pant leg up?”
“I’ll try.” As I pulled it up, I felt a stab of pain.
“Oh Lord!” Michael looked closer at the wide gash under my knee. “We’ve got to stop the bleeding.”
He removed his shirt and tore it into several long strips. Then he opened his pack and brought out the first aid kit. “We’ve got tape and antibiotic cream in here, thanks to Teddy. Michael’s voice trailed off. Tears came to his eyes. I reached for him. We held each other and wept.



TWENTY-FIVE


After a few minutes we wiped away our tears and smiled at each other.
“Honey I think that gash needs stitches. But for now I’ll use a few butterfly bandages. We have to get you to the Marina Clinic or the university infirmary, whichever is closer. I’m kind of turned around at the moment.”
“Michael, I’ve got an idea. Get me inside that barracks down there. I can rest until you get the car and come back for me.”
“That would help, if you’re sure you don’t mind being left alone. It may take a while.”
“I think it’s our only solution.”I do mind being left alone inside that building. In fact, I’m terrified.
Michael put both our backpacks on his back. He put his arm around my waist and placed my arm around his shoulder. “Keep a lookout for something you can use for a walking stick.
We cautiously took our first step. The searing pain made me wince.
“Is the pain too much for you?”
Michael’s voice was so sympathetic I wanted to cry. But it also forced me to grit my teeth and assure him that the pain was not nearly as bad as I thought it would be.
Slowly and carefully we inched our way down the hill. When I looked down at the barracks and was certain the ghosts waited inside, I very nearly decided to stay on the hill and wait for Michael there even if it took all night. But I also knew Michael was too practical to let that happen. I bit my tongue and continued down towards the building that was to be my shelter for the night.
With six sit-down rests and very slow going, it was dusk and turning chilly when we finally stood inside the barracks.
Michael cleared a space and set me down against the wall, facing what we thought to be the main door. He removed our packs and wrapped my leg in our last bandage and a shirt he found in the bottom of his pack.
We were both tired and anxious. I hurt and Michael hurt for me. My dear man sat down beside me and said, “Good golly, Miss Oli. If we didn’t have bad luck, we’d have no luck at all.” His mouth was smiling but his eyes gave away his worry.
“Okay, let’s review what we know,” he said. “From here you can see the outside and the entire inside of this room. You know the whistle is still in your backpack. It’s beginning to get chilly. Let’s put your sweater on.”
He helped me with my sweater, then rummaged in the bottom of my pack. “I was a fool to leave the cell phone in the car. I’ll never go anywhere without it again. It was my own fault. I thought a real adventure would be ruined with such a modern convenience.
"Hey! Here’s a nice surprise.” He grinned and held up Terry’s old flashlight as if it were an Academy Award. “Look what was in the bottom of your backpack. Now we each have one.”
“Does it work?”
“Like new, my love. Look at that beam. Leave it to Teddy to be equipped. He grinned. “Always the boy scout.”
He focused the light on the floor and walls. What we saw was dark and dreary. Piles of fallen wood and plaster mixed with strips of steel and broken glass spread over old wooden floors. Holes and cracks in the walls and floor. At one end half the wall still held a broken mirror behind what might have been a long table or bar. Rusty folding chairs were piled together, while others leaned awkwardly next to broken tables, as if someone had stood up abruptly, letting their chairs fall back. Halfway down the room an opening that had once been a doorway led to a hall leading to a bathroom. The sink and toilet were still standing.
Michael walked to the area halfway between me and the opposite wall. “Honey, as we came in I noticed the floorboards are loose here. They're probably rotten. We were lucky we didn't fall through. Don’t go near this area again.”
“Darling, don’t worry. I couldn’t crawl there if my life depended on it. I’m staying right here.”
I felt tears coming but it wouldn’t help anything if I cried now. There would be plenty of time for that when I was alone.
Michael kissed my forehead. “Are you comfortable? God! What a stupid question. Of course you’re not. Your leg hurts like hell.”
“Actually, it feels better,” I lied.
“Look,” he said, “I should leave while there is a bit of light to see my way.” He took both my hands in his and kissed them. I’ll be back as soon as I can. I know you’re brave. You’ve always been. Maybe you can get some sleep.”
He looked at me with love and sweetness. Then he kissed my mouth and stood up.
“Be careful my love,” I said.
“You, too, he said.” He walked out the door and headed across the field.



TWENTY-SIX


During the next half hour I took inventory of my provisions:

One bag of raisons
One orange
Reading glasses
Paper and pen
Five dollars in bills and change
Ten cough drops
Car keys!...relieved he'd brought his own
Lucky stone...a lot of good that has done me. Stop being so cynical, Olivia. Maybe it has done you some good. You don’t know.
Unopened letter from my mother
Michael’s thermos. My darling has left me both thermoses—all the water. I wanted to yell and run after him- but I could no more get up and run than rebuild this falling down old building.
I used Terry’s flashlight to search the bottom of the backpack. There was nothing else. I began to put everything back when I picked up mother’s letter again. I leaned back against the wall and opened the envelope. The letter was dated a week after Terry died.

My dearest daughter,
You have always been the strong one in the family. I think you felt it to be your duty. But now is the time for you to lean on us. If your father were alive he’d tell you to show your weakness. Allow us to be strong for you.
Teddy was a wonderful young man. From the time he was a small boy he brought happiness to everyone who knew him. Just like his mother. I don’t think you knew of the many times Teddy called me after your father died. He always had a joke to tell me. He kept me going that first year. I never told you about the 6 am calls. “Wake up granny,” he’d boom into the phone. “I’m coming by for breakfast.” He’d come running in a half hour later wearing a big grin and insisting we share cereal and eggs. Then off he’d go to school.
Without those morning visits, I’d have stayed in bed and let the life flow out of me.
I’m not telling you to make you feel bad. I’m telling you so you’ll know what you and Michael instilled in your son. Love and laughter. The things that make life worth living.
You don't have to smile and put your shoulders back until you are good and ready. But when you are, let me know. We’ll have lunch and I’ll buy you a new outfit.
I love you, my precious daughter.
mom

I reread mom’s letter several times before I replaced it in the envelope. I held it in one hand and the flashlight in the other. My armor. A steady beam of light and my mother’s love.
My eyes felt heavy. My exhausted body relaxed and my thoughts drifted as I fell into a deep sleep. I dreamed I was holding my twin babies. I was happy. Teddy smiled and reached for me. I put my cheek close to his. But he disappeared. I screamed. 
I heard Mr. Budge calling me. I was no longer asleep.
“I’m here, Olivia. Right here. Look at me.”
Mr. Budge was seated on the floor in front of me. In back of me I heard the ghosts whispering.
“Hello, mother.”
It was Griffin’s voice.
"I’m over here, behind the wall," he said softly. “Here we are. Alone at last.” He giggled. “Isn’t this fun? Let’s have a picnic. Ooops, I forgot- your mouth is taped. I guess I’ll just have to eat alone. I know...that’s rude. But mommy, dear, I’m hungry. I’ve had a long day. It wasn’t easy following you and daddy and staying out of sight. But you’ll have to admit, I did a good job." Another giggle. "That reminds me of when Teddy and I were little. ‘Good job Teddy,’ you’d say. Then you’d turn to me and say, 'Griffy, I’m sure you tried hard.’ Remember, mommy? Oh no. You must not struggle against the rope. Remember when I was little and you helped me learn to tie knots? You taught me well. I learned well. And now I’m using my skills."
Budge:  “Olivia, dear, PLEASE try to understand that struggling will only tighten the rope. Isn’t that right, Griffin?”
Griffin:  “That’s right, Budge old boy. Now, we need to plan our surprise for Daddy. What surprise, you ask? The greatest surprise of all! Dying! Oh, now, now, what did I tell you about struggling? That’s better.
Budge:  “Now, for my plan. First, it’s necessary for you to stay very still and follow my directions, so we’ll be all ready for the show when Daddy returns.”
Griffin:  “Mommy, I think the tape on your mouth should be removed so you can warn daddy not to come in. I’d hate to see daddy fall through the floor. There’s lots of broken glass and shit down there and it’s quite a drop. Poor daddy might hurt himself.”
As he spoke, the whispering of the ghosts grew louder and closer.
"You know what?" Griffin said. I am going to take the tape off your mouth mommy. But now you will have a new problem. If you yell to warn daddy, he might come running and oops, fall through the floor. But if you don’t warn him, something worse might happen to him... Oh, my! What should mommy do? I guess we’ll just have to wait and see. Whatever happens, it’s bound to be quite a show! Now, I think all is in order. And look! Car lights. Daddy’s home! We’re ready just in time.
The closer the car lights came to the door, the closer I came to screaming a warning to Michael. The car stopped a few feet from the door. The headlights stayed on. Michael got out and yelled my name. I didn’t answer. Better he think I was asleep. That way he might be more cautious. He wasn’t. He bounded through the door opening and headed for me.
The moaning and whispering grew louder. I could see the ghosts now. They were reaching for Griffin as he stepped out from behind the half-collapsed wall and flung himself at Michael. A look of horror crossed Griffin’s face when he saw the spirits. He lost his balance, stepped on a rotting floorboard that gave way, causing him to fall to the concrete floor ten feet below.
The last I heard before losing consciousness was Griffin screaming, “Mommy help me...mommy!”



EPILOGUE


Griffin,  his back broken from the fall, was committed to a mental hospital. He sits in his room by the window, wearing Teddy’s old sweaters, looking out through the bars. Mr. Budge sits on his lap, humming the song I sang to Teddy and Griffin when they were little.
“Go to sleepy little babies. Now is the time for good little boys to go to sleepy little babies.”

Two years have passed since that horrible time in Monterey. We’ve moved back to our home in Southern California. Michael and I didn’t talk about what happened, or much of anything else, for months. When it became noticeable to Molly and mom, they suggested therapy. We tried, but it didn’t help much. I’m sure Michael blames me. He’s sure I blame him. We each deny blaming the other.
I'm no longer troubled by nightmares of the ghosts of Fort Ord. I learned they were only watching out for me. They saved my life.
The doctors tell us Griffin is doing extremely well. He may be allowed to leave the hospital soon to live in a group home.
###


About the Author
Karen Truesdell Riehl's published works include a memoir of her secret life with the actor George C.Scott, "Love and Madness," and two novels, "Saturday Night Dance Club" and "666 Coven Road," as well as seven children's plays.
