Feline Savior

Kevin L. O'Brien

Smashwords Edition

+++

Text Copyright 2013 by Kevin L. O'Brien

Portrait of Differel Van Helsing copyright 2013 by Ariel Roberts

Cover design and typography copyright 2013 by Kevin L. O'Brien

Eurostile font distributed under a free use license by Fonderia Caratteri Svizzera Walter Fruttiger A.G. Data

+++

License Notes

Thank you for downloading this ebook. It is licensed for your personal enjoyment and remains the copyrighted property of the author. This ebook may not be sold, reproduced, or copied, whether for commercial or non-commercial purposes, but it may be given away if no changes are made. If you enjoyed this book and would like to share it, please encourage your friends to download their own copy from Smashwords or their favorite online retailer, where they can also discover other works by this author. Thank you for your support, and for respecting the hard work of this author.

Please consider writing a review for this book on the retailer's website.

If you see any misspellings or typographical errors, please notify Kevin L. O'Brien using one of his online social networks. Thank you.

+++

This is a work of fiction. Names, characters, places, and incidents, including those based on the real world, are either products of the imagination of Kevin L. O'Brien or used fictitiously. Any resemblance to actual events, locales, or persons, living or dead, is entirely coincidental.

Because some ebook platforms do not support special characters, certain words may appear misspelled, but this was done deliberately to avoid the problem of the platforms deleting the characters. Also, the LRF platform used by older models of the Sony Reader does not permit the use of links to external URLs, whereas the PDB platform used by Palm reading devices does not support any form of linking whatsoever. Finally, certain words use British instead of American spelling, to simulate the characters' English accents.

+++

Table of Contents

Preface
A Father's Death
An Aunt's Betrayal
A Friend's Sacrifice
About the Author
Other Books by Kevin L. O'Brien
Connect with Kevin L. O'Brien
Sample Excerpts

+++

Preface

Sir Differel Van Helsing is the third of my three primary characters, about which I write most of my stories.
I freely admit that I do not as a rule read manga; however, my favorite so far is Hellsing, by Kouta Hirano. I cannot remember the circumstances of how I came to learn about it, but I do remember that it was through my discovery of his character, Sir Integral Fairbrook Wingates Hellsing, otherwise known as Sir Integra. I have a weakness for powerful, strong-willed female characters who succeed through their own endeavors and not as a result of partnering with a man. My introduction came at a time when the allure of my own characters had worn off, and I found myself fascinated with her. I wanted to know more about her, but aside from the events portrayed in the comic, the only additional information was a flashback to 10 years earlier. On top of that, in the final chapter the narrative suddenly jumped ahead, skipping over 30 years of her life. By the time I had finished the 10-volume English version published by Dark Horse Press, I was full of questions: how did Integra become such a powerful warrior; was she ever in love; did she get married and/or have any children; were there other threats that she and her servant Seras Victoria had to combat? Yet it was clear that Mr. Hirano did not intend to explore those possibilities. So I decided to do that myself, and I started composing stories to fill in the gaps.
I really couldn't help myself. Once my mind becomes obsessed with an idea, it worries it like a terrier with a rat until it comes up with a solution; in this case, fan fiction. As a writer it's hard to resist the idea of writing fan fiction, even though I could never publish it. I had in fact cut my teeth on writing Cthulhu Mythos tales, one of the few franchises which allow writers to professionally publish their pastiches. I was able to develop and perfect my craft, and it inspired me to create my own worlds. So I was not averse to writing a Hellsing fanfic to get it out of my system, except it would also be a crossover with one of my own characters. Unfortunately, I discovered I couldn't leave it at that. Story ideas came thick and furious, ideas that excited me enough to develop, but that meant I was faced with a choice: spend too much time writing gobs of fan fiction I could never sell or just drop the whole thing. And there was no way I could do the latter. I finally decided that my only other option was to create my own "Hellsing" world; that way I could write the stories and publish them if I wished.
And so was born Sir Differel Isolde Churchill Pendragon Van Helsing, 16th Baronetess of Denver, Director of the Caerleon Order of the Companions of St. George, and Master of the Voivode Vlad III Tepes Drakulya. This novella is the first of three that will constitute her origin story. Fans of Hellsing will note a number of similarities between this story and the manga, some more subtle than others, but also significant differences. Readers who think they already know this story will be surprised. However, while Sir Integra is the direct inspiration for Sir Differel, as so often happens with my characters her creation and development was affected by other influences as well, many of them subconscious. One example that I just recently recognized was young Ari, the clone of Ariane Emory from Cyteen by C. J. Cherryh. Two-thirds of the novel describes her coming of age through her teenage years as she is forced to work behind the scenes, forging friendships and alliances, to protect her from corporate and political forces seeking to eliminate her before she can reclaim the power that is her birthright. This and future stories show Differel engaged in the same struggle, except that she is operating more openly. Throughout, they will describe her coming to terms with her duties and responsibilities as she learns about the legacies of her families. Just as Ari's actions will forge the person she will ultimately become, so too do Differel's actions create the individual described in the later stories. Meanwhile, additional information can also be found at her official website [http://www.sir-differel.com/].
I would rather let the stories reveal the differences between Differel and Integra, but one I will mention here is the key to understanding what I plan for this character. Integral means constituting a whole. It implies completeness, and in fact Integra was complete. Though some critics have spoken of her coming of age and shedding the last of her innocence, we actually see a much better example of that in Seras Victoria. With the exception of how she was portrayed, Integra never really changed throughout the entire narrative of the manga.
Differel, on the other hand, is derived from differential, which is the measure of how a mathematical function changes as more data is collected. It implies incompleteness, fluidity, even growth. I chose that name to be a deliberate cognate with Integral, to show that unlike Integra, Differel will never be whole or complete, that she will always be growing and changing. The stories I have and will write about her use this as a basic theme across the series.

Back to TOC

+++



A Father's Death

Tragedy should be utilized as a source of strength. If we lose our hope, that's our real disaster.
-- Old Tibetan Saying

When Differel Van Helsing arrived at the end of the tunnel, she wasn't surprised to find it blocked. Because she was in pitch blackness, she couldn't see the door, but she had seen it numerous times before. It was a concrete slab, disguised on the opposite side to look like native rock, but on her side was plain cement. She put her back against it and pushed. It was counterweighted, so while massive it moved freely, but it grated against the ground, creating resistance. Fortunately, she didn't have to push it open very far, just enough to squeeze through. Once on the other side, she shoved it back into place to conceal the tunnel from any searcher.
She took her father's lighter out of her shirt pocket and lit it. Having been in total darkness for some time, she was temporarily blinded by the flame, and she held it over her head to give her eyes a chance to adjust. She knew where she was without having to see it: the dungeon beneath the keep inside the motte-and-bailey on her family's estate. However, she knew from previous explorations that it could be dangerous, especially from oubliettes and unstable walls and ceilings, and it was too large and labyrinthine, both from collapsed debris and the original layout of the cells and corridors, to stumble around in the dark. Even so, she knew her way through as long as she could see where she was going. Nothing had changed since her last visit, and soon she found the stairs that led up to the ground floor of the keep.
She extinguished the lighter as she emerged into the great central chamber. The keep was designed very much like a broch, essentially a hollow, double-walled, drystone tower with no roof, except that it had once had several wooden upper floors. Time had rotted most of the timber planks and beams, and she could see clear though to the open sky. It was just before noon, and the sun shone all the way down to the floor, illuminating every square foot. She had a long wait ahead of her, assuming Aunt Mandy didn't find her first.
I hope they're still searching house and grounds, or at worst the woods, she thought. Then she smiled. Assuming my little diversion worked.
Even so, she needed somewhere to hide, just in case a diligent searcher decided to check out the ruins on his own initiative. Fortunately, that was not her first visit, and she knew the perfect place. At some point in the past a part of the inner wall had collapsed, forming a mound of rock and rubble that contained a natural recess and opening because of the way the blocks had fallen together. Over the many years, continued weathering had filled the nooks and cracks with dust, cementing the blocks into place. To casual observation, it would simply look like a jumble of stones. In fact, the opening was partially obscured and far from obvious except by direct line of sight, and one would have to squat down and peer inside to see if anything was present. She had found it herself only by accident a couple of years before, during one of her frequent exploration forays. With any luck, if someone did search the keep, they wouldn't discover her, but she could see out into the keep, and so judge by the amount of light if it was dark enough to continue on.
A small tuxedo cat jumped up on top the mound and mewed at her. She recognized him as one of the stable cats. She had named him Mr. Mistoffelees, from the cat in T. S. Eliot's eponymous poem. Sometimes she talked to him, when she felt lonely, or sad, or frustrated.
He stared at her in an expectant manner, as if expecting a treat. I wish I had one. But his presence comforted her, as it often did.
"I should have expected you to show up," She scratched him behind the ears. He purred, closed his eyes, and rubbed his head against her hand. "But I'm afraid this isn't one of my usual outings. Would you stay with me, though? I'd really be glad of the company."
The cat meowed, and she took that as a yes. She got down on her hands and knees and crawled into the recess all the way into the back, then sat down with her back to the stone blocks. Fortunately, it wouldn't be a hard wait. She had used that spot before as a secret hideout for when she wanted to be alone, and had previously hidden a cache of candy bars and a couple of bottles of water. The only thing she would miss was a toilet. Still, she never thought it would save her life.
I wonder if all this was meant to be, like destiny or the Hand of God. Only time would tell, and only then would she know if she was meant to succeed or fail.
Mr. Mistoffelees followed her in and lay down beside her. Picking him up, she cuddled him in her lap, and he closed his eyes and began to purr. She thought back to when she first met him, seven years before, when he was a wee kitten, and she not much more mature....

Differel skipped down the steps of the terrace onto the patio. She was so excited she felt she would burst. Aunt Mandy was taking her on a picnic lunch to the woods, and she had promised to show her some Faeries. She had never seen Faeries before, except in her fairytale books, and the adult books Mandy had shown her. The text was difficult to read, full of long, unfamiliar, barely pronounceable words, but the pictures were very pretty. She wondered if the real Faeries would have no clothes on either, and she giggled at the thought.
Mandy had to talk to her father first, and she told her to wait in the garden. Ever since her last birthday, when she turned five, Mandy had allowed her to play there unsupervised. She had told her she was a big girl, so she could look after herself, but that she also had respon--, responsi--...what was that word? Re-spon-si-bil-i-ties; that was it. That meant there were certain things she had to do, and certain things she couldn't do, and it was up to her to follow the rules. She felt proud that Mandy trusted her, like an adult; Aelfraed and Mrs. Widget still treated her like a baby, and even her father thought of her as a little girl.
One of the rules was to stay away from the fountain unless an adult was with her. She understood why, too: if while playing she slipped and fell in, she could crack her head on the bottom and drown. She thought it was a silly rule. She knew the danger and how to be careful, but Mandy had explained that if she became excited she might forget, so until she proved she wouldn't, she had to obey. Still, she figured it was okay to get close, as long as she wasn't close enough to fall in.
As she approached it, though, she noticed something strange. One of the stable cats was pacing frantically back and forth along the rim, looking down into the bowl. Occasionally it would stop and bend down inside, as if it would jump in, but then straightened itself again and resumed pacing.
Curious, she wanted to see what it was looking at. There were no fish in the fountain; maybe there was a leaf or some other piece of flotsam. But she couldn't break the rule. She felt torn between her strong desire and her responsibility, and she realized what Mandy meant about proving herself. If she could control herself and obey the rules even when she really wanted to do something that seemed fun, then she would have shown that she could be trusted to look after herself.
As she watched, she began to hear a weak, thin cry, like a small animal. Maybe something had fallen in! A mouse, perhaps, or a small bird. That would explain the cat's excitement. Unable to stand it any longer, she sprinted up to the fountain. The cat heard her and turned around to face her. It crouched, flattened its ears, and bristled its tail as it moaned at her. Stable cats were not very friendly, but it did not run away as most did. She was disappointed none were friendly enough to let her play with them. She really wanted a pet, but it was one of the few things her father refused to talk about. She slowed and approached the rim carefully. The cat backed away, but did not try to leave.
The rim came up to her chest, so she was able to look over it and down inside. What she saw was a small black and white kitten, floundering in the water, as it struggled vainly to find a way to crawl out. She understood it must have been doing what Mandy warned her about, playing on the rim, when it slipped and fell in. It cried out as it scrabbled at the smooth stone, as if calling for help. She realized the adult cat must be its mother.
It was growing weak and having a hard time keeping its head above the water. She reached over the rim to grab it, but her arms weren't long enough. She had to get up on the rim to retrieve it. That meant she might fall in herself, but she felt she had to risk it. She couldn't just watch the poor thing drown, she had to try. She pushed up on the rim with her hands as she jumped, and she got her waist over the top. She kicked her legs up and over, and sat up, straddling the rim. She realized how stable that was, that as long as she didn't lean too far, she wouldn't lose her balance. The leg dangling on the inside was close enough to the water for her foot to just brush the surface, and the kitten caught the straps of her shoe and hung on. She reached down, holding on to the rim with the other hand, and grasped the kitten under its belly. It tried to cling to the sock, but she was able to pull it free and lift it out of the water, and then she took hold of it with both hands. She swung her leg over the rim and sat with both limbs dangling over the ground before she hopped off.
She placed the kitten on the patio as it mewed in a frantic tone, and then stepped back. Immediately the mother jumped down, nuzzled her baby, and began to lick it.
Differel felt a warm glow of satisfied pride at her accomplishment, and happiness that the kitten was safe. "You should keep a better eye on your baby," she scolded the mother cat. It looked at her with a half-lidded expression, as if telling her to mind her own business, and then it picked up the kitten by the scruff of the neck, turned, and trotted off.
"Differel!"
She turned and saw Mandy running towards her. She must have seen her from one of the windows. She had an anxious look, like she was afraid, but she looked upset as well. She realized she was probably in trouble, but for once she felt calm instead of afraid. She knew what she did was right, even if she was punished for it.
When Mandy reached her, she knelt down and grasped her by the shoulders. "Differe, honey, are you okay?"
"Yes, Auntie, I'm fine."
She gripped her shoulders hard. "I thought I told you never to play on the fountain!"
"You did, but I wasn't playing."
"Oh? And pray tell, what were you doing?"
"A kitten had fallen in, and I was rescuing it."
At first, Mandy showed her an astonished expression, but then it turned irritated, even disappointed.
"What have I told you about lying?"
"I'm not lying! There really was a kitten."
"Differel! What have I said?"
She sighed. Mandy could be very stubborn when she believed she was right. "You said, lying was a cowardly act, and when I do something wrong, I should admit to it and take my punishment like a lady. And I did climb on the fountain. But I'm not lying about the kitten!"
Mandy shook her head. "I am very disappointed in you, young lady. As punishment, you will spend the rest of the day in your room, and you will get no supper tonight."
Differel nodded, defeated. She knew it was useless to argue at that point. "Yes, Auntie."
"Just a moment, Miranda."
Mandy stood up and turned around, and Differel stepped to one side of her, but she had recognized the voice immediately. It was Father!
"Henry, please, you agreed to let me discipline her when needed."
"True, and I'm not usurping that, but Differel isn't lying. I watched the whole thing from my office. I saw the kitten fall in, and I had called the gardener to have someone come and fish it out before Differel rescue it. The mother cat removed it before you arrived."
Mandy looked embarrassed. "Oh, I see." She sounded contrite, too.
"Still, she did violate your rule."
Mandy smiled. "No, she did it for a good reason, and it shows she is becoming more responsible. I believe we can overlook it this once." Then she looked down at her. "Provided she does not try to take advantage of our generosity."
Differel grinned back at her. She understood what Mandy meant, and it was kind of a game they played, in which they playfully tested each other's tolerance and limits.
"Then enjoy your picnic, Ladies." He smiled, and started to turn away.
"Father! Come with us. I miss you."
He stopped and turned to glance back at her, a sad look on his face. He walked up to her and crouched down in front of her so he could look her in the eye. "I'm sorry, my sweet girl, but I can't, I have too much work to do."
She felt her heart sink with bitter disappointment. He always had to work; she hardly ever got to see him.
"But, I tell you what. As a reward for your act of heroism this day, you may have supper with me."
Surprised, she felt excitement bubble inside her. "Really?!"
He nodded. "Then we can watch a movie, and afterward I will tuck you in and read you a story. How would you like that?"
"Oh, thank you!" She threw her arms around his neck. He wrapped his around her waist and kissed her on the cheek. She giggled as his beard tickled her.
He let her go and stood up. "Until tonight, then, my sweet girl." He smiled before he turned and went back to the house.
She and Mandy watched him as he walked away, but when he was out of earshot, Mandy said, "My apologies for doubting you, Differe."
She looked up at her, surprised. Mandy had never apologized to her before.
Mandy looked down. "You are growing up so fast, I sometimes do not fully comprehend just how much you have matured. Not that there are no more things you have to learn, but you learn so much so quickly now. I am very proud of you."
Differel felt so happy that she hugged Mandy, who patted her on the back of the head.
Mandy grinned at her. "So, are you ready for our picnic?"
"Yes!"
"Excellent. Just give me a moment to fetch the basket and we can be on our way." And she went back into the house.
As soon as Mandy disappeared inside, Differel heard a meow off to her left. When she looked, she saw the mother cat gazing out from one of the rose bushes. At its feet was the kitten, looking dry and fluffy, and playing with a bit of twig. The mother looked at her, as if thanking her for saving its kitten, then picked it up and trotted off deeper into the flower beds. She knew it was just her imagination, cats really couldn't talk or think or express gratitude, but it was fun to pretend, and it made her feel good. After all, she was a Van Helsing; that was what her family did, help people, and she had just accomplished her first success in that long tradition.

Differel peered out from the opening of her hiding place, up through the open roof. She noted the sky had deepened to violet. It would be night in another couple of hours, and then she could make her way to the cemetery. She crawled back inside and lit the lighter. Holding it over her upper left arm, she examined the deep graze wound. She had torn off her sleeve and wrapped it around the laceration as a makeshift bandage, and she could see the large red spot in the fabric, now a dull, dark brick. Fortunately, it seemed to have stopped bleeding, but she knew she would need to clean it out really well and have it closed with stitches for it to heal. She wasn't feeling feverish, so infection hadn't set in yet, but she realized she might not live long enough for that to be a problem.
She closed the cap on the lighter and slipped it back into her pocket. She didn't like feeling defeatist, but she figured she had to be realistic. She had been lucky so far, there was no doubt about that, but the chances of her seeing the dawn were slim, while those of her surviving the week were practically nil. Her only hopes lay in whatever she would find in the family mausoleum, and the possibility Aelfraed and Mr. Holt might find her before Aunt Mandy did.
Either would be miraculous, but the former's somewhat more probable.
She laid her hand by her side and stroked Mr. Mistoffelees's back. After she had saved him, she had kept an eye on him as he grew up, and she had been thrilled to discover that he was a friendly cat and would spend time playing with her. She had given him his name after he demonstrated abilities similar to the cat in Eliot's poem.
He's the closest thing I have to a friend, and he makes my loneliness bearable.
He hadn't stayed with her the whole time she was in hiding, but his errands, whatever they were, were usually brief, and he returned each time. She was glad of that. She felt that as long as he did not abandon her, she could still have some small hope.
As she stared out at the darkening keep, she couldn't help reliving the events that had led her to that time and place. So much had changed in the past twelve hours, even over the five weeks before. As a matter of fact, it seemed only yesterday she was celebrating her most recent birthday....

Differel stood on the north terrace, with Mr. Mistoffelees sitting on the railing beside her. She looked out over the back garden, but it wasn't the garden she was interested in. The only trees out there were a few short fruit-bearing types, and the full expanse of the sky was clearly visible. It was dusk, and getting darker by the moment. Soon the first stars would become visible, and she wanted to catch them. She realized she shouldn't have left the party without telling anyone; no doubt Aunt Mandy would be in a fine temper, and would have the servants searching everywhere for her.
But this is important; I have to be on time, or I'll lose my one chance forever.
She heard the double doors behind her open, but she didn't turn around. She knew immediately it was her father when he walked out without saying a word. Aunt Mandy would have yelled at her; Aelfraed, Mrs. Widget, or any of the other servants would have called out to her. Only her father would take the time to go to her like a person, rather than scold her or summon her like a dog.
He came up on her left side and placed an arm behind her as he laid his hand on her shoulder. "What are you looking at?"
"I'm waiting for the first star to appear."
"I see. You plan to make a wish?"
"Yes, Father, just like you did."
He chuckled and looked down at her. "Did Aelfraed tell you about that?"
She smiled and looked up at him. He had always appeared very tall to her, though as the years went by he seemed to shrink. He was a slim man, fit and trim, and muscular, but in the way of a swimmer or runner. Even at her current size, he was still strong enough to lift and toss her in the air, though he couldn't do it as many times as when they both were younger. His face had striking chiseled features that made him look distinguished and rugged all at the same time. She had heard the younger maids gossiping about how handsome he was, which was no surprise to her; she knew her father was the best-looking man in all the world. His mid-length hair and closely trimmed beard and moustache were a sandy brown, though streaked with gray, like a remnant of ash on a beach. He didn't wear glasses, which made her wonder why she did, considering her mother hadn't worn any either. His eyes were cobalt blue, piercing, even a bit hard, but always sparkling and merry, at least when they looked at her. He was always impeccably dressed in a tailored three-piece silk suit and tie, and she almost never saw him without a cigar in his mouth.
"Yes, Father, just a week ago. I want to wish--"
"You shouldn't tell me, Differe, or it may not come true."
She looked back out at the sky. "I know, but I want to."
"Go ahead, then, if you insist."
"I plan to wish that I was a fairytale princess, living in a grand palace, with a knight champion to protect me, two boon adventuring companions, a prince charming for my husband, and a baby boy to love."
"Why would you wish for something like that?"
"Because I'm twelve."
"I don't follow you."
"I know what's coming, Father; Aunt Mandy told me."
"I see. And you want to avoid it."
"Yes, Father, but I'm at the point of no return. That's why I have to do this now, because I'll never get another chance."
"I understand. I felt the same way at your age."
"I know; Aelfraed told me."
"Have you been speaking to him about this?"
"No, Mrs. Widget; but she told him."
"Why to her?"
Differel shrugged. "Sometimes it's easier to talk to her than you or Aunt Mandy."
"Yes, I suppose it is; you are getting to be that age."
Differel smiled. "Mrs. Widget said the same thing."
"I know how you feel, Differe, but our family has responsibilities."
"I...I know, Father, but they scare me."
"Me, too."
Confused, Differel looked up at him, as he stared into the sky himself. "You?" It was inconceivable that someone as strong and brave as him could feel fear.
"They would frighten any sane person. To hold the safety of every man, woman, and child in Britain and the Commonwealth in your hands. To know that you are all that stands between Her Majesty, the Government, and the Church, and the forces of darkness. No one should have to bear that burden."
Then he looked down at her. "But someone must bear it, otherwise all we love, all we hold dear, our very way of life, will be destroyed. Our family has elected to take on that responsibility, for the good of everything we cherish. We are not immune to the fear, Differe; what makes us different from those we protect is that we do not let the fear control us, we do not let it stop us from doing our duty. We conquer our fear, we use it to give us strength, and we turn it against our enemies as our most potent weapon."
She didn't fully understand what he said, but it touched her in an unexpected way. She had never thought of it like that before, and it presented a whole new perspective she had not considered.
"There's your star, my sweet girl."
She looked up, and spotted a twinkling point of light midway up from the horizon.
"Go ahead, make your wish."
She looked up at him in surprise. "You're giving me the chance?"
"Yes, we all took that chance, every one of us before you, each in our own way. Now it's your turn. Hurry, before another one appears!"
Grinning, she stared at the star. Now is the time!
"Star light, star bright, the first star I see this night," she intoned in a somber voice, as if in pray. "I wish I may, I wish I might, receive the gift I wish tonight." She then closed her eyes, concentrated really hard, and mouthed the words.
When she finished, she gingerly opened her eyes and looked around. Nothing had changed; everything was just the way it had been, the way it always was. Disappointment filled her heart, as well as resignation to her fate, but there was also some relief. Now that it was over, she could concentrate on the path ahead with no regrets.
"Hmph," she said, hiding her true feelings, "I guess I shouldn't have told you after all."
"Yes, it would seem so." He hugged her close, but there was an accent in his voice that suggested he knew what she really felt.
Of course he would; he must have felt the same way.
Smiling, she looked up. "I'm ready now, Father."
He turned her around and headed for the doors. "Good. Chef Trumbo has your cake all ready, and Mrs. Widget should be finished putting the candles on it."
"I hope Aunt Mandy isn't mad." She felt some trepidation at the prospect.
"She only wants what's best for you, because she loves you as I do."
"I know. It's just that--!" She cut herself off, frowning.
Maybe I shouldn't say anything.
"Just what?"
"Nothing, I...nothing." No, it's not worth bringing up. She had nothing definite to say anyways. She loved Aunt Mandy and had only fond memories of her growing up, but in the last couple of years she seemed to change. She had grown more stern and less patient, with a volatile temper that was easily triggered, even by the smallest event. Apparently, her father didn't see it, and maybe she was just exaggerating it all anyways.
He suddenly spasmed with a coughing fit as his cigar dropped out of his mouth. It only lasted a short while, but he nearly doubled over.
"Father!? What's wrong?! Are you all right?"
He got his breathing under control and flashed her a smile. "It's nothing, Differe, just a slight cold. Don't worry, I'll be right as rain in a few days, you'll see."

Differel could see through the opening that the sun had finally set. She crawled out as Mr. Mistoffelees followed and made her way across the keep to the old doorway. Once outside, she waited for her eyes to adjust to the darkness. There was a moon, giving enough light to see by, but that also meant she could be seen. But she had to chance it. She made her way down the motte in a careful manner, the cat leading the way, then sprinted across the bailey, and once in the field beyond ran flat out towards the Norman church, the cat keeping pace beside her the whole time. She had no idea what she would find there, she only knew her father was quite insistent that it would be her salvation....

Aelfraed opened the door to her father's bedroom and ushered Differel inside. She didn't really know what to expect. Ever since he had fallen ill, Aunt Mandy had kept them separated, all the while reassuring her that he was fine and would recover soon. Now that she was finally being allowed to visit him, she was afraid of what she would see. But except for some medical equipment and IV bags set up on either side of the bed, it looked no different than what she remembered.
A nurse sat in a chair reading, but she looked up when the door opened, and stood when Differel entered. "Lady Pendragon gave strict instructions that Miss Van Helsing was not permitted to visit," she said in a disapproving tone.
"Sir Henry requested it," Aelfraed replied in a pointed manner.
"He is asleep; she will have to come back later!"
"No," a thin, weak voice rasped from the bed, "let her approach."
"Sir, you are too weak--"
"Sir Henry also requested that he and Miss Differel be left alone." Aelfraed's forceful tone surprised her.
"No, I have my orders--"
"It's only for a few minutes, and the doctor gave his permission."
"We will see about that!" And the nurse stormed out of the room.
Aelfraed nodded at Differel. "Go ahead, Miss, I'll be right outside." He closed the door.
Differel walked up to the foot of the bed. Her father lay covered to his chest by a sheet, with an IV in one arm, a blood pressure cup around the other, and a respirator inserted into his lower neck just above his chest. She heard the drumbeat cycling of the pump and the hiss of air as his chest rose and fell.
That's probably all that's keeping him alive.
She was shocked to see his current condition. He was thin to the point of emaciation, his face and hands little more than skin stretched over the bones, and his once muscular frame reduced to a scarecrow's physique. She noted with some irritation that they had shaved off his facial hair. Too weak to even support his reduced weight, he gasped for breath despite the respirator.
It's only been four days since my party. She couldn't believe anyone would deteriorate so much in so short a time, especially someone as strong and healthy as her own father.
"Differe," he said in a barely audible tone, "come closer so I can see you better."
Differel moved around the left side of the bed to its head. Her father rolled his head towards her and tried to focus on her.
"I'm here, Father."
He raised his hand, quivering with the effort, and she grasped it in both of hers.
"I'm sorry, my sweet girl."
"For what, Father?"
"That I won't be there for you from now on."
Her gut tightened with apprehension. What did he mean?! "Aunt Mandy says you'll get better."
He closed his eyes and swallowed. "No, no, she's wrong, wrong to lie to you, wrong to not prepare you. Differe, I'm dying."
She felt stunned. "Father? No."
He opened his eyes. "It's true, there's nothing anyone can do. Some sort of wasting disease no one's ever seen before. It works too fast to treat, and even if they could, they cannot isolate it. I don't have much time left; a few hours, a day at the most, and I won't be conscious for most of it. That's why I needed to see you, before it's too late. I've reached my point of no return, now."
Differel felt tears well up inside her eyes. "Father, I can't lose you. What am I going to do?"
"You are my daughter, my sweet girl, and a Van Helsing. You will find the strength you need within you. You will learn what you need to know. You will make whatever sacrifices are necessary. I know you can; that you will succeed. I wish I could make your way easier, and I regret not being able watch over you and take pride in your accomplishments. Most of all, I'm sorry I cannot teach you what I know and train you in the ways and means of combating the forces of darkness. You will have to figure these things out on your own."
He wheezed and coughed.
Alarmed, she asked, "What is it, Father? What do you need?"
"Water," he gasped and coughed again.
She looked around, and saw a covered cup with a straw in it. She fetched it and offered it to him. He took a number of sips then smiled.
"Thank you, my sweet girl." She took his hand again. "Where was I?"
"I'll have to learn how to fight our enemies alone."
"Ah, yes. No, not alone. In this, Aelfraed can help you. He was my valet before he became our butler, but he was much more. He can be much more to you as well, if you'll let him."
"I will, Father; thank you."
He coughed again, and she let him have another sip.
"There is one more thing I can give you; not advice, a legacy, handed down from our ancestor Abraham through all the generations of the Van Helsing family, to you. If there ever comes a time when you are faced with an unstoppable foe, if you are ever confronted by an enemy so implacable that it seems invincible, go to the family mausoleum, in the cemetery outside the old Norman church. There, inside a stone sarcophagus, you will find..." He lapsed into silence, closing his eyes.
"Find what, Father? Tell me!" She was afraid he had lost consciousness, as he said he would.
He managed a weak smile. "...your knight champion."
"My...what?!"
Before he could answer, Differel heard a commotion in the hallway. Though several voices were raised in anger, and she recognized Aelfraed's among them, the only words she made out were the last: "Out of my way, butler!"
"Aunt Mandy's here." She trembled.
"Courage, my sweet girl."
The door flew open, and a tall, powerful woman charged in. Her green eyes flashed with anger in an enraged, rounded face. Her copper, shoulder-length hair was styled into three waves: two framing either side of her head, and one sweeping across its top.
"Differel!" she roared. "I told you not to come here! Now, leave immediately!"
"No," Henry said, "let her stay."
"You are too weak, as the nurse said!" She grabbed Differel by the arm. "You are coming with me!" And she pulled her towards the door.
Aelfraed got in front of her. "Sir Henry wants her to stay."
"Stand aside, or you will find yourself sacked!"
"No!" Henry barked, struggling to rise up. Differel tore loose from Mandy's grip and ran back to the bed. "This is still my house! I will decide who leaves and...who...st--"
He collapsed back onto the bed, panting and gasping. The nurse, who had followed Mandy in, took his pulse from the other side of the bed.
"Father, please, take it easy!"
Mandy came up behind her, but she only laid a hand on her shoulder. "Differe, your father is in no condition to tolerate this much excitement, and you are only making it worse. Now, please, come with me."
Differel shook off her hand. "No!" She turned on her. For the first time in two years, she felt anger rather than fear at of her displeasure. "He was fine until you showed up! I'm staying, for as long as he has left!"
"Differel, enough! Your father will be fine, he just needs his rest. Now, listen to me and do as I say!"
"Don't lie to me! Father told me he was dying, and I'll stay until he passes on."
A look of cold fury crossed Mandy's face before she suppressed it. "You should not have done that, Henry, she is too young to deal with it."
"That...must change."
"And it will, but as I see fit."
"She is my daughter, Miranda."
"Not for long, brother-in-law."
"Lady Pendragon!" Aelfraed cried, shocked and outraged all at once.
"Be silent, butler!"
"Miranda, listen to me," Henry said. "I mean for Differe to take control of the Caerleon Order when she comes of age. However, she must be prepared. I expect you to teach and train her as I would have. I ask you to do this, in the name of my dear wife, Differe's mother, your sister. Please, for her sake, for her honour, I ask you to support her daughter, your niece."
Mandy's face softened and she actually smiled. "Of course, Henry, as I always intended to. I love her as Gwendolyn did. I give you my word, she will be ready and fully capable of taking on her duties when the time comes."
Her father smiled, sighed, and closed his eyes, as he appeared to sink further into the bed. "Thank you, Miranda."
He then looked at Differel. "My sweet girl, Aunt Mandy is correct about one thing. You should not remain."
"But--"
"No buts, young lady. It will be some time before I pass on, and for most of it, I will not be awake. Come, we'll say our goodbyes now, that way we will both have a pleasant memory to give us comfort. Besides, this is not truly goodbye, only farewell, until we meet again in the Lord's Kingdom."
"Yes, Father." Differel felt tears streamed down her face. She leaned forward and kissed him on the cheek, then laid the side of her head against his lips so he could do the same.
"Farewell, Father," she said when she straightened up.
"Farewell, my sweet, lovely girl. Your mother would be proud of you."
"Say hello to her for me."
"I will." And he closed his eyes.
Mandy laid her hands on her shoulders, and when she turned her towards the door, she did not resist and let her guide her out. Aelfraed followed, and nodded to the doctor, who went in and closed the door.
"I will prepare your lunch, Miss," he told Differel, and nodding to Mandy he went off.
"You should go to your room and rest," Mandy told her, not unkindly.
"And you should not have lied to me."
Mandy gave her stare, not angry, not hostile, just cold and indifferent, as if she didn't care what Differel believed. "I did, as I always have done, what I think is best for you."
"Hmph. Perhaps, but from now on, I will decide that for myself."
Mandy flashed a cruel half-smile. "We shall see, Differe. Now, go to your room."
She did as Aunt Mandy instructed. It was a short walk across the width of the family wing past the library, but it seemed to take forever. She walked on autopilot, not really knowing or caring about anything around her, but she didn't feel grief-stricken. That surprised her. She did feel sad; after all, she had cried.
But I should feel worse.
Instead, it seemed more like a sort of numbing lassitude, as if she was exhausted. When she arrived at the children's bedroom, she sat on her bed, just staring into space, as she tried to make sense of it all. Aelfraed brought her lunch soon afterwards: a tongue sandwich and a glass of milk. She ate almost out of reflex, without fully realizing she did so, and afterwards laid down to rest. It was then that the enormity of what would happen finally broke through the stupefying malaise, and she began to cry again. Only it wasn't the brief drizzle she had experienced before, but a proper downpour. She buried her face in her pillow and sobbed for some time, finally falling asleep in the midst of her bereavement.
It wasn't until later that afternoon that Aelfraed woke her.
He sat on the edge of her bed. "Your father has passed away, Miss."
She blinked, her eyes red and blurred from her crying, and he passed her her glasses.
She slipped them on. "How was it?"
He smiled. "He died peacefully in his sleep, and at the last he seemed content."
She sat up and leaned back against her headboard. Having mourned already, she felt unhappy at the news, but not aggrieved; in fact, she felt some small relief.
Father's suffering has finally ended, and now he's reunited with Mother. She knew he loved her deeply.
"Would you like to see him?"
His question caught her by surprise, but she didn't need to think about it. "No."
He looked concerned. "Are you sure, Miss?"
"I've already seen him, and we said our goodbyes. I don't see the sense of viewing his body now that it's all over."
He smiled at her, and it seemed that he had a proud gleam in his eye. "As you wish, Miss. Would you like some tea?"
"Yes, thank you."
He nodded. "Get cleaned up and I'll bring it straight away."

Differel paused and dropped to a crouch as soon as she heard a noise, and Mr. Mistoffelees disappeared into a patch of shadow. She looked around, but didn't see a thing. She resisted the urge to light the lighter. It wouldn't provide enough light to see by, but it would alert anyone looking in her direction that she was there.
It's probably nothing; it might even have been me or the cat. I'm just overly jumpy.
It was not lost on her that anyone else would probably consider her venture insane. The smart thing would have been to get off the estate and try to make for Denver, but she had good reasons for rejecting that for her present course of action. Even so, a rational person would probably argue that there was little chance she would find anything in the burial vault, and they might have been right, except for one thing:
She had already discovered something was there....

The funeral was held three days later in the Norman church.
"Why there and not the chapel?" Differel asked. She was thinking of the room on the family floor where Sunday services were held.
Aelfraed poured her some tea. "It's traditional to hold all family funerals there, Miss." They were sitting in the great hall, waiting for the funeral party to assemble.
"But the cemetery hasn't been used for over a hundred years." Aelfraed was a little taller than her father had been, but thinner; she had heard some of the servants describe him as a beanpole. Though somewhere around four decades old, his face, with its classical patrician features, was creased with worry lines, yet he always seemed serene and self-controlled. She thought it was kind of amusing that his straight dark chocolate hair was pulled behind his head and bound into a short tail.
"That's true, Miss, but all family members are interred in the mausoleum." He sat beside her with his own cup. His sea-green eyes seemed to laugh at her from behind his pince-nez spectacles, but she took it as gentle humor.
"What of the servants?" It was her first funeral, and she was curious as to how the family handled that inevitable event.
"We're buried in the cemetery at Denver, but our funerals are still held here, in deference to the fact that the manor is as much our home as it is yours."
"Yes, of course; my apologies, I meant no disrespect."
Aelfraed smiled in a kind and forgiving manner. "Of course not, Miss; there's no need for an apology."
Differel took a sip of tea. "What kind of arrangements did Aunt Mandy make?"
"She didn't make them, Miss; I did."
Startled, she looked up from her cup. "I don't understand."
"Miranda went down to London the same evening your father died."
Differel felt resentment bubble up inside her. "What could be more important than my father's burial?"
"Don't be too hard on her, Miss. Someone had to report to Her Majesty and the Privy Council, to inform them of your father's death, and to seek their counsel on the succession of the bureau Directorship."
"Couldn't that have waited?"
Aelfraed gave her an indulgent smile. "It's a delicate situation. The Caerleon Order is largely free of government control and oversight. However, its activities are monitored by a member of the Privy Council, Sir Edward Penbryn."
"My godfather."
"Precisely. Though he would never contest your father's wishes, nonetheless Sir Edward, with the consent of Her Majesty and the Council, must approve whoever is chosen to run the Order until you can assume the Directorship when you turn twenty-one. Until he does so, there would be no one in command, and while the bureaucracy can maintain routine operations, there would be no one in charge in the event of a crisis. To prevent that, she had decided to rush down to London to get an immediate decision."
"Very well." Differel felt bad about assuming ill of Mandy. Despite her change in behavior, she still loved her, and believed she wanted the best for her. It just seemed so foreign to her that any duty, no matter how vital, should take precedence over a family matter so important.
"You will understand in time, Miss," he said, as if divining her thoughts.
Differel flashed him a half-smirk over the rim of her teacup. Then she noticed an odd look cross his face. At first she thought he was displeased, but she quickly realized he was more sentimental than hurt.
"What?"
"Just for a moment, you reminded me of your mother."
His comment surprised her, but before she could think of a response, a voice behind her disrupted her thoughts.
"It's time."
Turning, she saw Mrs. Widget standing in the double doorway that led outside. The housekeeper was Aelfraed's sister, and was as tall as him but had a bigger build, and was a couple of years younger. Her milk chocolate hair was bound into a severe bun at the base of her skull, but her round face was soft and demure, and her sea-blue eyes behind her granny glasses were more mischievous than his.
Aelfraed set down his cup and stood up. "Come, Miss, we need to be going."
Differel nodded, and she went to join Mrs. Widget. The housekeeper held open the glass doors and Differel walked through into the north portico as Aelfraed followed. She paused at the pillars on the edge of the terrace and looked out over the garden. A group of people were gathered on the patio, all members of the household staff. Differel realized Aelfraed must have made it a private ceremony, and with Mandy gone she was the only family member in attendance. Her father's closed casket had been set up on a couple of sawhorses on the other side of the fountain, which had been shut off for the occasion. She also noticed Mr. Mistoffelees sitting beneath it.
Everyone watched her as she descended the terrace steps and walked across the patio. The Anglican priest, a local man named Baerinville, greeted her with a nod, which she returned.
"At your convenience, Father," Aelfraed said. Differel lowered the veil attached to her hat over her face. Mr. Mistoffelees sauntered over to her and rubbed his body against her legs.
"Filthy cat," she heard Mrs. Widget complain, but Aelfraed gently shushed her.
Baerinville began intoning a prayer as he turned and walked to the front of the casket. In front of him, a dozen estate paramilitary troops, in full dress uniform and bearing arms, formed two ranks to act as an honour guard escort. Pallbearers picked up the coffin; one of them was Lance Corporal Giles Holt. He had been her bodyguard since she was eight. She had fond memories of him from when she was younger, of teasing him while he stood guard, trying to make him acknowledge her presence, and of his attending a number of pretend tea parties as a special guest, along with Winnie the Poo, Mrs. Snuggle-Bunny, and Sooty the Bear. He was built like a fireplug, with thinning bluish hair and a bushy moustache, and he had bright, youthful, amber eyes.
At a signal from the colour sergeant, the honour guard snapped to attention and stepped forward, followed by Baerinville, the pallbearers with the casket, and Differel with the cat beside her, as Aelfraed and Mrs. Widget walked close behind her. The rest of the staff then followed, with the remaining troops and the household guards, those not on duty, bringing up the rear. They stepped off the patio, up the path between the flowerbeds, and through the guardhouse in the security fence, to the cart shed beyond. There a number of electrical carts had been made ready, including one with a trailer behind it. The casket was placed on the trailer, and Differel, Baerinville, and Mrs. Widget got into the cart as Aelfraed drove, with Mr. Mistoffelees sitting on Differel's lap. The rest of the party divided themselves up in the remaining carts and trailed along behind.
They drove around the lake and across the grounds, pulling up to a small Romanesque-style church. Differel remembered her father giving her a tour when she was ten and explaining that it was one of only five single-cell apsidal churches still standing in the whole of Britain. It was constructed of undressed fieldstones, giving it a rough, unfinished look. The fieldstone wall that surrounded the graveyard connected to its front and back, and there was a door adjacent to the back on the outer side wall, at the end of a flagstone walkway. Once everyone had arrived, the honour guard reformed and Baerinville led the pallbearers and mourners into the church as the guard lined the walkway on either side. The casket was set down on a bier in front of the altar as Differel sat in the left front row pew between Aelfraed and Mrs. Widget. Mr. Mistoffelees sprawled beneath her. Once everyone was seated or stood in the nave, Fr. Baerinville began the funeral ceremony.
It was a simple affair, and Differel was surprised at how short it was. After it was over, the occupants followed Baerinville and the casket out the exit in the inner side wall and across the length of the graveyard to the mausoleum. As the staff waited outside, Differel accompanied her father into the burial vault with Aelfraed and Baerinville, as Mr. Mistoffelees slipped in with her. She noticed a crypt was open and ready, the one immediately to the left of her mother's. The pallbearers slipped the coffin into it before they turned and left as Baerinville said a final prayer and blessing. He then departed, patting Differel on the shoulder as he passed, leaving her and Aelfraed alone.
As he closed a curtain over the opening of the crypt, arranged flowers and a wreath in front of it, and lit a couple of candles, she lifted her veil and looked around. The mausoleum was made of granite, and was plain and unadorned, with a very simple, block-style architecture. Some three dozen crypts lined three of the walls, all of which were covered with inscribed slabs, but with the exception of a few closest to her father's resting place, most were unreadable due to extreme age. Niches in the front wall surrounding the door held decorative urns, no doubt filled with ashes. But what caught her attention from the moment she first entered was the stone sarcophagus set inside a niche in the back wall. It had five chains wrapped around it, all of which met at a point in the center of the long side, where they were secured by a padlock.
"How old is this?" she asked.
Having completed his task, he turned around. "The entire churchyard was constructed sometime around 1100 by Sir Conon de Canterville, a Norman knight. Both the church and the mausoleum have been renovated a dozen times since, having been used off and on by the Spencers and Churchills, but they have been in regular use since the Van Helsings took over the estate."
"But there aren't enough crypts for all that time."
"That's true, Miss, the crypts are reused. The remains of the oldest ones are removed and cremated, then placed in urns for storage."
"There doesn't appear to be enough of those either." The niches in the front wall were only half filled.
"Only those remains that can be positively identified are put on display. The rest are placed in book-shaped cinerary urns and stored in a columbarium built onto the back of the vault."
She nodded as she approached the sarcophagus. "What's this?"
He came up behind her. "I don't know, Miss. It's been here as long as I can remember."
She took hold of the padlock. It was made of iron, but heavily rusted, more so than the chains. "What's in it?"
"I don't know that, either. There are no records concerning it, and your father never said anything about it. I don't believe he knew himself."
She smiled. Yes, that makes sense. If it was the secret Van Helsing legacy, then it was best kept by having no written records and only the heirs knowing about it. Even someone as loyal and trustworthy as Aelfraed was still one person too many. The only question was, did Mandy know of it? But she doubted it, since she was not an heir, or a Van Helsing. She hoped she would never have to open it, but it was a comfort to know that her father's words had been true. Mr. Mistoffelees rubbed against the skirt of her dress and purred, as if he was reassured as well.
She put her mourning face back on before she turned around. "The others are waiting for us."
"Yes, Miss."
The cat trotted out ahead of her as he followed, but she paused when she came abreast of her father's crypt. Looking at it, she said, "How is the slab to be inscribed?"
"With his name, title, and position, and the dates of his birth and death. Did you want to add an epitaph?"
She shook her head. "No, I mean, how will the inscription be done?"
"My apologies, Miss, I had planned to attach a bronze plaque."
She nodded. "Have it covered with a corrosion resistant material and make sure it is well bolted into place. I want future generations to know who he was even a thousand years from now."
"Yes, Miss, I will see to it myself."

Back to TOC

+++

An Aunt's Betrayal

Differel started off again when Mr. Mistoffelees emerged from his hiding place and trotted away. It was perhaps silly, but she felt she could depend on his judgment. After all, he could see better than her, as well as having acute hearing and a powerful sense of smell. She doubted he could understand her predicament, much less aid her in dealing with it, but it was a comfort just having him with her.
She felt distressed that events had come that far. She had wanted to establish legal checks and balances on Mandy's activities, but her aunt had forced her hand. She had even gone so far as to retain a solicitor for the purposes of preparing writs and injunctions and suits, if necessary, and despite her lack of experience in such matters, she had been lucky when a good one practically fell into her lap....

Despite its name, the study on the family floor wasn't an office or some other type of workroom. It was in fact a drawing room, but one designed for meditation, contemplation, and other intellectual pursuits. For that day, it served as the location for the reading of her father's will. Aelfraed had rearranged the chairs so that the solicitor would sit facing those who needed to know its contents, which was pretty much just himself, Aunt Mandy, and Differel. Differel sat in the center with her on her left and him on her right, as they waited for the solicitor to organize his notes. Differel knew how important the event was, especially on a personal level; it would be the last contact she would have with her father, indirect though it was. But the wait was starting to bore her, and Mandy, who had never been very patient, was losing her temper.
"May we get on with this?" she finally asked in a terse voice. "I have important things to do."
"My apologies for the delay," he replied in an absent manner, "but Sir Henry made some significant changes in the days before he died. I need to make sure I have everything in its proper order.
Mandy fumed but made no rejoinder, and secretly Differel enjoyed her discomfort. It was a pleasure seeing her forced to acquiesce to someone else's demands for a change.
The solicitor adjusted his glasses. "I believe I am ready now. I will not delay you further with a full recitation of the will. It is written in legalese and much of it is mumbo-jumbo."
Differel smiled. She liked him; he was honest and down-to-earth, lacking the pretension that so many in his profession seemed to possess. In the twenty-four hours since the funeral, she had had to deal with a fair number of lawyers; she hoped he would be the last.
"It is divided into four sets of provisions, three personal and one professional. Rather than read everything in the order it was written, I will instead present it in what I hope will make better sense." He flipped through the papers one last time, and settled himself into a comfortable position, going so far as to cross his legs.
Yes, I definitely like this fellow.
"This represents the Last Will and Testament of Sir Henry Arthur Richard Van Helsing, 15th Baronet of Denver. To his daughter, Differel Isolde Churchill Pendragon Van Helsing, he bequeaths the following:
"First and foremost, the headship of the Van Helsing Family, with all the powers, privileges, and responsibilities thereof.
"Second, the Baronetcy of Denver, making her the 16th Baronetess.
"Third, the estate, house, and grounds of the Van Helsing ancestral manor, informally known as Caerleon Hall, and all the properties and possessions pertaining thereto.
"Fourth, seven parcels of undeveloped land in the District of King's Lynn and West Norfolk, County Norfolk, surrounding Denver and Downham Market.
"Fifth, the Van Helsing Family investment portfolio of stocks, bonds, futures, and more, currently worth £165 million.
"Sixth, the personal estate of Sir Henry, currently valued at £200 million.
"And seventh, the estate of Gwendolyn Isolde née Pendragon, Lady Van Helsing, currently valued at £50 million.
"There are also numerous small bequests to her from the personal property of Sir Henry and Lady Van Helsing. I will provide a complete list at the conclusion of this meeting. Sir Henry did add a codicil before his death, which states that, while she may receive the headship, title, and personal bequests, until Miss Van Helsing turns twenty-one the estates, securities, monies, and properties shall be held in trust and managed by her aunt, The Lady Miranda Guinevere, Baroness Pendragon, who is named executrix of the estate. Furthermore, Lady Pendragon is named Regent-Director of the Caerleon Order, again until Miss Van Helsing turns twenty-one."
Differel felt troubled. She didn't like the idea of Mandy having that much power over her legacy. She understood the reason for it, but she would have preferred someone more dispassionate had been chosen. Not that she suspected she would embezzle her wealth, but who knew what she might do to protect her "best interests"?
"In addition," the solicitor went on, "Aelfraed Dalton Walters is named legal guardian for Miss Van Helsing, and Sir Edward Wallace Penbryn is appointed overseer for the estate."
That made Differel feel better. Aelfraed and her godfather would make a good check on Mandy.
The solicitor shuffled the pages of his notes. "To The Right Honourable The Lady Miranda Guinevere, Baroness Pendragon, is bequeathed the sum of £10 million in stocks and bonds, in gratitude for the support she has given over the years, and for her mentorship in the years to come. Furthermore, she is granted the right to live at Caerleon Hall as often and for as long as she wishes until her dying day. There are also a number of personal bequests from Sir Henry and Lady Van Helsing."
Differel thought that last was only fair, and as head of the family she would be technically in charge, even if she did not have full legal and financial authority yet.
The solicitor flipped through the pages again. "To Aelfraed Dalton Walters is bequeathed the sum of £100,000 cash, in recognition of his loyal and faithful service, and his loving friendship. Furthermore, an additional £1000 is bequeathed for the purpose of establishing a public house in his retirement, with the proviso that it be named Caerleon Arms. To Helena Victoria Widget, née Walters, is bequeathed the sum of £100,000 cash, in recognition of her fine service and support. Finally, the sum of £100,000 cash is bequeathed to the estate staff, to be divided on a seniority shares basis, in recognition of their untiring service and devotion. As before, there are a number of personal bequests for the staff as well."
He opened his leather briefcase and pulled out three large envelopes. "These give details on your bequests," he explained as he handed them out, "as well as provide a copy of the will. And that is all I have for you."
Mandy left the room without a word; the solicitor didn't seem to mind or even notice, he was too busy placing his notes inside the briefcase. Differel and Aelfraed stood up, waiting for the solicitor to finish.
"I'll see you out when you're ready," Aelfraed told him.
"Just a moment," Differel said. Looking at the lawyer, she asked, "Sir? What's your name?"
"Finlay Atherton, Esq., Dame Differel," he replied, sparing her a glance, "of Atherton, Cuthridge, and Montmerroy."
She was surprised at the honourific, but considering all that happened, she figured she would have to get used to it. "Were you my father's solicitor or my family's?"
He stood up and looked down on her. "You father's, Madam."
She almost giggled, but stopped herself before letting it out. Madam was the style address to a Baronetess. It sounded strange hearing herself called that, but she liked it. It made her sound older, more mature, whereas Miss reinforced the fact that she was still just a child.
"Do you know if my family has a solicitor?"
"No, Madam, it doesn't."
She smiled; that was exactly what she hoped for. "I believe that's an oversight I should remedy. Would you consider becoming my family's solicitor, as well as my own? You're already knowledgeable about our affairs, and it would take awhile for someone else to get up to speed. I would consider it a great favor if you accepted."
He smiled back. "I don't know everything, Madam, but I can learn. It would be an honour and a privilege."
"Then, if you have the time, I would like to get your advice on some personal matters."
"Certainly, I have all afternoon."
"Splendid. Aelfraed, would you get us some tea, please?"
He gave her a proud smile as he nodded his head. "It would be my pleasure, Dame Differel."
She waited until he left the room. "Please, sit down."
Atherton did so as she sat opposite him. "Very well, Madam, how may I help you?"
"I need to know to what extend my being the Head of the Van Helsing Family allows me to contravene my Aunt's actions as executrix and Regent-Director. I would also like to find out exactly what part of my inheritance I have direct control over, how much of the portfolio is available for my use, and what I can do without having to secure my Aunt's permission. Finally, I would like you to explain to me the responsibilities of Aelfraed's guardianship, and my rights under that arrangement."
His look turned serious. "May I enquire as to the purpose of your requests?"
"You are covered by privilege?"
"As long as you have me on retainer, yes, Madam."
"Then, I can assure you I have no intention of trying to usurp my Aunt's or guardian's rights and responsibilities where my welfare and the welfare of the Order are concerned. I merely wish to know how far my own freedom extends within these restrictions, and what rights I have to challenge decisions made that I do not believe are in my best interest."
Atherton nodded and opened his briefcase. "I believe your father anticipated this, as he gave me specific instructions on how to proceed if it came up. Please give me a moment to organize my notes."
Differel smiled and nodded. "Take your time." He searched through his papers as Aelfraed wheel a teacart into the room.

Differel reached the stone wall surrounding the churchyard and ran along the outside towards the church. Though the funeral party had entered the grounds through that building, she remembered there being a wrought iron gate in the wall. When she reached it, she crouched and turned, and looked back towards the center of the estate. She could see flashlights way off in the distance by the woods, but none nearby or even approaching. Apparently her diversion had worked, but she couldn't delay any longer. She had to take a chance, before they came in her direction.
Standing up, she pulled the gate open as Mr. Mistoffelees jumped over the wall. In the extreme quiet of the night, its hinges rasped so loud that she imagined it could be heard all over England. She froze, petrified, as her heart pounded against her chest, listening for the shouts of the searchers and footsteps running towards her, but in fact she heard nothing except a few crickets in the grass. Exhaling a long sigh, she almost collapsed from relief, but then steeled herself.
Now's not the time to fall to pieces.
Based on what Mr. Atherton had told her, she received the impression that her father had wanted to set up a three-way balance of power between herself, Aunt Mandy, and Aelfraed, with Sir Edward acting as a mediator in case of disputes, to prevent any party from gaining total control. As Head of the Family, she had full authority to determine its social, political, and financial fate. However, as executrix, Mandy held the purse strings, and as her legal guardian, only Aelfraed could sign documents in her name. But that worked both ways. Mandy could not liquidate any of her assets or make changes in the estate or its staff without her permission or Aelfraed's signature, and Aelfraed needed hers and Mandy's counter-signature to make any document legal. Apparently, her father had hoped they would work together for mutual benefit.
Unfortunately, neither he nor Aelfraed had anticipated the lengths Mandy was willing to go to in order to consolidate power, and what hurt the most, she hadn't either. Of course, she lacked experience, training, and discipline, but that was no excuse. She should have realized that Mandy might use her one undisputed power base, her control over the Caerleon Order, to turn traitor and try to seize it all. It was her duty, as a Van Helsing and the protector of Queen and Country. Only her incompetence and emotional weakness had prevented her from doing so. If she failed to survive the day, if Mandy won and seized control of her inheritance, it would be her sole fault, as would the consequences of her failure. She could only hope that God would have mercy on her soul and, what was more important, that her father would forgive her....

It had started out as an ordinary day, at least ordinary in the sense that it had followed the routine established by Aunt Mandy since the reading of the will four weeks prior. The weekdays were spent in classes at the prestigious Gresham's School in the town of Holt, which she had been attending since Reception at the age of four. She was finishing Year 7 at the Prep School. The afternoons, after Aelfraed picked her up and brought her back home, were spent in training, learning how to shoot and defend herself, organized by LCpl. Holt. In addition to formal martial arts such as Bartitsu, Defendu, and Spirit Combat jujitsu, he also taught her commando hand-to-hand combat and street fighting, particularly the use of any tactic that could give her an advantage. On the weekends, Aelfraed tutored her in the function, organization, and history of the Caerleon Order in the morning, followed by more defense training with Mr. Holt in the afternoon. She enjoyed those sessions with him more than Aelfraed's lectures. While stern, he was nonetheless gentle and patient, and in any event she thought learning how to fight was much more fun than reading dusty old reports.
It was mid-morning on a Sunday, and she was in the children's bedroom. She had just finished a snack Aelfraed had brought her and vainly tried to concentrate on a manpower allocation factsheet, when the alarm sounded as the armored shutters closed over the windows, both inside and out. She took a moment to turn on her desk lamp. Aside from an adrenaline rush, she did not feel anxious. The manor security staff had run frequent drills in the last couple of years, most of which were unscheduled. She knew what to do, which was essentially to stay in her room until someone came for her. Then she heard gunfire, both inside and outside the house, and she realized it was no drill.
The door opened, throwing her into a panic, but she calmed down when Mr. Holt strode in. She stood up, ready to go with him, but then he closed and locked the door, before going around and doing the same to the other three. That unnerved her; it said they couldn't get to the shelter or outside.
"What's happening?" She tried to keep her fear under control.
"There's been an incursion, Miss." He stood in the center of the room, fingering his assault rifle.
The alarm cut off, and Aunt Mandy's voice came over the intercom system. "This is Miranda Pendragon. The house is under attack. The west wing ground floor and entry hall have been overrun; we hold the east wing and great hall. All personnel evacuate to the parking lot; repeat, all personnel evacuate to the parking lot." And the intercom went silent.
"We're cut off; we'll have to wait for extraction. Under the bed, Miss."
That really frightened her, and she dropped to the ground and scrambled into hiding. The idea of an enemy loose in the manor had always disturbed her, but she had taken for granted it could never happen.
"What is it?"
"I don't know; stay quiet, Miss." She watched his boots as he nervously shifted from one foot to the other, and that scared her all the more.
By her reckoning, a half hour passed without anything happening as sporadic fire continued to echo around her, but that only made her anxiety worse. She imagined that any moment some hideous monster would break down her door and attack him. The knock that came made her jump, but she calmed herself as she realized monsters wouldn't knock. Nonetheless, her heart was racing as she watched his feet edge towards the door to use the intercom.
"Celadon," she heard him say.
"Longquan," came the reply. It was Aunt Mandy.
The door opened and she saw a pair of sensible shoes walk in, followed by a number of more official ones. "Where is Differel?"
"You can come out now, Miss."
Differel slid out from under the bed and stood up. Aunt Mandy was accompanied by five security guards and her father's nurse. Mandy had a machine pistol, while the guards carried submachine guns.
"We have retaken the back stairhall and the solar on this floor," Mandy told him. "You join the troops there; I will get her down to the shelter."
"With all due respect, Ma'am, Sir Henry instructed me never to leave her side."
"Henry is dead; I am in charge now. Do as I say."
"I'm sorry, I can't do that."
Differel knew he wasn't bluffing, but she also knew he was outgunned. And while she didn't think Mandy would kill him, she also knew her Aunt wouldn't bluff either.
"It's all right, Mr. Holt, I'll be safe with her. I want you to help get the others out, and then retake my house."
He looked at her with an expression that mixed doubt and pride. "Are you sure, Miss?"
"Yes, I am. Now, please, the best thing you can do for me is drive the enemy out."
He nodded. "Very well, Miss, as you command." He saluted, then turned on his heels and jogged out into the hallway.
Mandy watch him from the doorway as half the guards moved behind Differel. "I commend you, Niece, you probably saved his life." She then shut and locked the door before turning around.
 "Take her!"
Two of the guards grabbed her by the arms. Surprised, she tried to get away, but they had solid grips before she could move.
"Wha--? What's the meaning of this?! Let me go at once!" She tried to sound defiant, but she was too scared to sound like anything other than hysterical.
"Shut up, you little tramp!" Mandy barked. "I have taken as much from you and your family as I intend to stand!"
Genuinely perplexed, Differel asked, "What're you talking about? You are part of my family!"
Mandy's face clouded into a look of rage such as Differel had never seen before. "Your family?! Do not talk filth to me! I am a Pendragon! My people have been combating monsters for centuries, and we never needed on 'Order' to aid us. Compared to us, you Van Helsings are mere infants. If it was not for a Pendragon, Dracula would have killed your ancestor Abraham in the Borgo Pass a hundred years ago. Yet you usurped our duty, stole our glory, and destroyed our honour by making us subservient to your wretched family! But that ends today. I will recover what we lost, and I will reclaim what was stolen from me."
She wasn't making any sense. Differel wondered if she was mad. "Stolen from you?"
"I was the oldest daughter; I should have become the Pendragon! I should have been the protector of England, the one who defended Queen, Church, and Country from paranormal threats. But my birthright was taken from me and given to my sister, unworthy though she was. And then she violated tradition by marrying your father! Unforgivable! But she was not censured, and though she gave up the title of her own free will, rather than grant it to me she held it in trust for her daughter! Unbelievable!"
"But...I'm a Pendragon, too! The same blood as yours flows thro--"
Mandy slapped her across the face hard enough to almost dislodge her glasses. "You filthy little slag! You are no more a Pendragon than your mealy-mouthed butler!"
"What have you done to him?! To my people?"
"Have no fear, your 'people' are safe. I arranged for a diversion, to keep them busy. They won't return until tomorrow, after I give the all clear. By that time, I will have finished with you, and they will be unable to do anything about it."
She turned genuinely angry. "Traitor! Wasn't running the Order enough for you? Are you so jealous that you lust after the rest as well? Are you really willing to do this?!"
"Not only willing, but prepared, Niece."
"Then you're nothing but a bloody rotten scumbag! If you think you can just kill me and get away with it --!"
She stopped when Mandy flashed a wicked leer. "Kill you? On the contrary, I intend to keep you very much alive!" And she nodded to the nurse.
She stepped forward, and for the first time Differel noticed she carried a covered pan. She stopped just in front of her, lifted off the cover and tossed it onto the bed, and reached inside.
She pulled out a monstrosity: a cross between a snake and a slug, six inches long and one in diameter, covered in glistening mucus, writhing and shrieking in a thin, high-pitched, wavering tone.
"Give it to me!" Mandy commanded.
She handed the creature over and Mandy bent down towards her.
"NO!" Differel fought, trying to get loose, as she shook her head from side to side.
"Hold her!" A guard behind her grabbed her head and pushed his fingers into her cheeks, forcing her mouth open. Mandy inserted the index finger of her free hand and wrenched her lower jaw down. She cried out from the pain and tried to bite, but the guard's grip was too strong. Mandy held the eyeless snake-slug by the tail and positioned it head-down over her mouth. She felt fluid drip of its snout onto her tongue.
Mandy lowered the monstrosity and Differel felt its snout brush against her lips. At that moment she panicked in a mix of horror and rage, and her training kicked in as she reacted out of reflex. She kicked backwards with her left leg, striking the guard holding her head in the shin. He yelped, and his grip loosened on her jaws. She slammed her mouth shut and bit hard, feeling bone grate under her teeth and tasting blood. Mandy howled and she let go, and as her aunt jerked her hand away, she kicked the person on her left in the ankle and stamped on the instep of the one on her right with her heel. Both cried out and let her go. Mandy reared back, a startled look on her face, and she hit her in the stomach, doubling her over. The snake-slug fell from her hand as it spasmed open, and she stepped on it. It burst, spraying gore and viscera over the carpet.
Mandy made a grab for her, but she ducked and bolted for the door to the nanny's room.
"Stop her!" Mandy yelled as she pulled back the bolt, and she heard a gun being cocked as she turned the knob.
"No!"
Differel heard the clattering popping noise of a submachine gun going off. Bullets flew past her as she pushed the door open, some ricocheting off the door, others flying into the room. One sliced through her sleeve across her upper left arm. She gasped as she felt searing pain that left a burning ache.
"You imbecile," Mandy snarled, "I want her alive!" As Differel turned to close the door, she looked into the room and saw Mandy point at a female guard, who stared back at her in sheer terror. She screamed in agony as she burst into flames, but in moments she was incinerated to a small pile of fine ash.
Thoroughly terrorized, Differel slammed the door shut in the face of another guard and threw the bolt as he pounded against it. Turning, she ran for the other side of the room, to the door that led into the nursery, threw herself inside, and slammed and locked it. Dashing to the far wall, she pulled the changing bed out of the way and kicked at a section of wall. A panel flew open and banged against the edge of the wall, and she darted through into the circular stairwell beyond. Turning, she reached back into the room and pulled the bed back into place before closing and latching the panel, just as the room's door crashed open.
She crouched on a stone step in the pitch darkness and listened. She couldn't hear anything through the thick wall, but the panel was thinner and she could just barely make out the sound of people running around inside the room beyond.
At one point she heard Mandy bellow, "Where is she?!"
"She's not here!" one of the guards replied.
"She must be, she cannot have disappeared!"
"She must have gone out the hall door. She may be trying to get to the troops."
"Then after her, before she reaches them!" And she heard footsteps race away.
Sighing, relief sapped her strength and she sat down. Reaching out, she felt along the wall and found a switch. When she turned it on, a series of lights came on around, above, and below her. She knew the stairwell was designed like the others in the wings, except it was supposed to be a secret. It could only be accessed by kick-panels in certain rooms on all three floors, the nursery being one of them. It was to be used in emergencies to evacuate the family, either to the helipad on the roof or the basement shelter. However, though well maintained, she doubted it had been recently used. She had found it by accident, in of all places the intelligence room on the ground floor, and had spent a considerable amount of time exploring it. She knew where all the panels were, and she doubted Mandy or any of the regular staff knew of it.
I should be safe, at least for a short while.
She winced at a sharp pain in her arm, and she examined the wound. It was a deep gash and it bled profusely. She gripped her sleeve and pulled, ripping it off the shoulder. Taking her handkerchief, she folded it into a square pad and laid it over the wound, hissing at how tender it felt. She then wrapped the sleeve around her arm and tied it off, to hold the handkerchief in place, gritting her teeth and squeezing out tears from the pain. It hurt like bloody blazes, but it had to be done if she didn't want to bleed to death.
With that finished, she took stock of her situation. She couldn't hide in the stairwell, not even for a short while. Mandy was bound to find her sooner than later, and there was no guarantee she could get to Aelfraed when he returned. Even if she could, she doubted he could protect her. If Mandy was willing to go as far as she had, she probably wouldn't stop at anything.
But where can I go? She had to think clearly, no matter how scared or angry she was; she couldn't run around willy-nilly, she had to have a plan.
To the roof and the helicopter? She shook her head. First of all, she didn't know how to fly it; secondly, it probably had already taken off with evacuees; and thirdly, even if it hadn't, she doubted she could trust the pilot. There was a chance he might not be compromised, but she couldn't take the risk.
Then where? Somewhere in the house? No, there was no place that Mandy didn't know about, except the stairwell, and no place she couldn't get to, including the stairwell.
Perhaps I could get to the troops guarding the house? But she didn't know where they were. Her best bet was to make for the parking lot, but there was no guarantee anybody was still there; chances were good she would be picked up by one of Mandy's guards first, and she couldn't discount the possibility that her aunt's "distraction" was itself dangerous.
No, I have to get out of the house. There were many places to hide on the estate grounds, and it was large enough that it would take a search party some time to locate her even with a concerted effort, but that would also put her farther from rescue. She could try to get off the grounds and make for a village or a farm, but there were only a few places through the perimeter security wall, and she suspect Mandy would have all of them well guarded. That wasn't actually the problem; there was a tunnel only she knew about, that led from the keep dungeon under the wall to a spot about a hundred feet beyond the tank traps. The problem was that the land around the estate was pretty empty. The closest village she knew of was Denver to the northeast, but she had no idea how to get there except to follow the road, and no doubt Mandy would have people watching it. If she struck out across country, she might walk for a day or more before encountering a house or farm.
No, it has to be someplace on the grounds, and I know where, but I won't go there to hide. This has got to qualify as the kind of emergency Father told me about, so it's as good a time as any to see what's in that sarcophagus.
Fortunately, during her explorations of the stairwell, she had found a tunnel that ran across the width of the grounds to the dungeon below the motte-and-bailey. She could hide out there until nightfall, and then make for the mausoleum in the dark.
Of course, I may be giving Mandy too much credit.
But she couldn't believe her Aunt wouldn't have planned her coup d'etat well, covering all possible contingencies. Even if she had depended upon surprise and her niece's weakness and naivete, she would have had to account for possible mishaps, delays, and unforeseen events.
Besides, it's probably better to over-estimate her than not.
Meanwhile, she should be making her own plans. She had to assume Mandy would find her soon, but she could delay it longer by creating her own diversion. Also, there was a way she might be able to tip the scales in her favor. He father once showed her an emergency call button under his desk. If he were ever attacked in his office, or couldn't get out of the house, that button would send a signal to alert Aelfraed of his danger. Whether he could do anything to help her was a different question, but it was worth a try, and she could kill two birds with one stone.
I might find a gun there, and I really need one.
She descended the stairs to the ground floor. In addition to the intelligence center, the panels led into the cloakroom of the conference room and the safe in her father's office. Going through the former two would be too risky, and she knew the safe door had a handle on the inside allowing it to be opened, probably as a precaution against a family or staff child locking itself inside. She opened the panel and pushed aside a box of files to crawl through. She turned on the overhead light and looked around. Her father had kept guns there, but she saw they had been removed. Going to the safe door, she turned the handle; the clack of the tumblers giving way and the bolt pulling back startled her, but if anyone was in the office it was too late to evade them. She pushed the door open, and breathed a sigh of relief when she found the room empty. Hurrying to the desk, she felt for the button, found it, and pushed it. Then she pulled open the drawers and rifled through them, but found no gun. Disappointed, she was about to turn away when she found her father's lighter sitting on the desk. She snatched it up before she ran for a window. She didn't know why, it couldn't possibly be of any use to her, but she grabbed it anyways and slipped it into her shirt pocket.
Metal shutters still covered the window, and for a moment her heart sank; she had forgotten about those, but then she saw the palm reader sitting in the frame. The first week after the funeral, security had taken a recording of her palms to analyze their print patterns for programming into the security systems. Technically, she should be able to open the shutters, unless Mandy had erased her prints.
It's worth a try, though.
She put her right hand against the reader and a laser scanned its surface. For an agonizing moment she waited, but then the shutters slid up inside the wall. She grinned in relief; apparently, Mandy didn't think of everything after all. She unlocked the window and threw it open, then ran back for the stairwell. She left the door and the panel open behind her and didn't bother to move the box back into place or turn off the light; she wanted Mandy to believe she had gotten out of the house that way. Then she rushed down the stairs into the sublevels below the house. 
The uppermost was the basement, with the infirmary, the security block with its armored holding cells and interrogation rooms, and additional staff amenities. Below that was an old dungeon from the manor's Tudor and Elizabethan days. It contained rooms for special investigations, a morgue with an autopsy room, utility rooms, and storage areas. The bottommost was a catacomb used to store ordinance, old records, and valuables in specially designed vaults. The stairwell terminated at that level, with a disguised stone door giving access, but in the concrete floor of the landing was a loose slab that covered the entrance to the tunnel. She had found that by accident, too, as she found most of the things she discovered about her own manor; at least, those things no one else seemed to know. She sometimes wondered if that was on purpose, or if so many things had been forgotten that the only way to learn about them was by rediscovery.
She felt around the slab's edge for the hidden grip, and then pulled it up with both hands. It was counterweighted, so she had no trouble lifting it. It was also hinged in the center, so as half of it tilted up, the other tilted down into a shaft carved out of native rock. A wrought iron ladder, decades, possibly centuries old, was bolted into the shaft's wall. She knelt and peered over the edge. She once estimated it was at least a dozen feet deep, but as far as she could tell, nothing had changed. Turning around, she crawled backwards and placed her feet on the rungs. She started down, and when her head dropped below the lip of the shaft, she pushed on the slab and eased it closed, plunging herself into total darkness.
She finished her descent, then took out her father's lighter and flipped it on. Using its light, she looked for the opening of the tunnel, and when she found it she approached and stepped into it. Taking a deep breath, she extinguished the lighter and placed it back in her pocket, and started down its length with no hesitation, using her hands to feel along the walls. Even though she couldn't see a thing, she had no fear of taking that route because she had traveled it several times before. As such, she didn't have to worry about cave-ins blocking the way, or holes in the floor. Like the shaft, it was carved from solid rock, and while the walls were rough, a path had been smoothed out of the floor. However, she had noted from before that the rock was hard and strong, with no evidence of crumbling or cracks. She had no idea who could have excavated it or when, except that it was probably one of her ancestors. She was just grateful it existed. She knew it would take her an hour or more to reach the motte-and-bailey, but once there she could hide and rest until nightfall. She just hoped that it did not turn out to be a fool's errand, or she was as good as dead.

Differel squeezed through the partially opened gate and ran around the headstones to the mausoleum in the far corner, with Mr. Mistoffelees leading the way. She paused in front of it and took a moment to bow her head, closing her eyes.
"Dear God, Thy Will be done, but please, let my father's words be true, and grant me easy access." She was now in the Almighty's hands. 
She opened her eyes and looked at the massive door. She worried about how she would get it open, but Aelfraed had done it without too much effort during the funeral, so she figured she could. Grasping the giant iron ring in the center of the granite slab with both hands, she dug in her feet, leaned back, and started walking backwards. It was more difficult than she hoped it would be, but easier than she expected, and it made no noise. In moments she had opened the door wide enough to slip inside, and Mr. Mistoffelees followed.
She lit the lighter and saw the kerosene lamps set up in their niches. She lit them and went up to the sarcophagus. She was relived to see it was still in place. In her anxiety she had imagined Mandy might have removed it since the funeral, but that was impossible; it was anchored to the floor. She examined the padlock that secured the chains. Her first impression seemed correct: it was quite well rusted.
It should come loose with only a little effort. She pulled on it, yanking it down as hard as she could manage, but it didn't open. She repeated that effort several more times, growing more frustrated with each try, but the lock refused to come open. In anger she slammed it against the sarcophagus repeatedly, finally throwing it down as she shrieked in rage. 
She stood staring at the lock, panting from the exertion, her throbbing arm beating in her brain, adding to her fury. The rust must have fused the parts. To come so close, only to be balked by a stubborn piece of antiquated hardware. It was intolerable!
"Bloody hell!"
It was hopeless, and she felt the anger drain out of her, leaving despair. She turned around and leaned against the stone coffin, then slowly collapsed to the ground. She drew her legs up to her chest and wrapped her arms around her knees, gently rocking back and forth. She didn't want to die; worse, she didn't want to let down her father. He had such hopes for her, in the grand tradition of her great family.
Well, here I am, the last of the Van Helsings, a failure. Not only will my family become extinct, but Britain will now be vulnerable to Her enemies, all thanks to me. I'm useless, worthless, and apparently rejected by God. Maybe I don't deserve to live.
Unable to bear the anguish any longer, she buried her face in her knees and wept. Mr. Mistoffelees yowled in a mournful manner as he rubbed himself against her legs.
How long she sat there, she couldn't say. There was no clock, she didn't have a watch, and in her state she had no sense of passing time. After awhile, however, she raised her head and stifled her sobs. It was only a matter of time before Mandy found her. She thought about leaving, but realized she had nowhere else to go.
All I can do now is try to hide, and this is as good a place as any; possibly better than most.
She looked around, but she couldn't see any place she could fit into, except the sarcophagus. She did, however, notice a number of chunks of granite littering the floor, one in reach. She had seen them during the funeral, but hadn't paid them any attention. Looking up, she spotted the places from where they had fallen. The mausoleum was almost 900 years if not older, so small wonder bits and pieces of it were breaking off. She picked up the chunk closest to her. The edges were crumbling, but the core felt solid, and heavy.
Her heart raced with excitement as she realized the implication. Glancing up at the lock, she dared hope that the rock could break it open.
It has to work!
She jumped to her feet as the cat jumped up on the lid. She gripped the granite nodule in both hands, raised it over her head, and smashed it down on the lock. The infuriating device stubbornly held firm. She felt anger well up inside her, but she channeled it into her resolve to break the lock or die trying. She pounded on it harder and harder, letting her anger enhance her strength, but it defiantly refused to break. She imagined it was laughing at her, and in a final show of determination, she slammed the lock between the sarcophagus and the chunk as she scream like a furious banshee. The nodule split and broke, coming apart in both hands. She threw the pieces away with a shriek of rage, but when she focused on the lock, she laughed with hysterical joy: it hung open from the chains.
She shouted the release of her tension as she slipped the padlock off the links and tossed it aside, while Mr. Mistoffelees meowed in triumph and jumped down. She threw the chains off the lid in an excited manner, but then sobered as she thought how heavy it must be. Yet when she pushed up on it, it swung open easily, as if counterweighted. Eager to see what it contained, she looked inside, wildly anticipating the legacy her father told her about, but whatever it was, it was shrouded in a shadow too dark for her to discern. She lit her lighter and held it up above the sarcophagus. At first all she saw was dusty black cloth deteriorating from mildew and dry rot, but when she move her hand towards the top, she caught sight of a face: shrunken, desiccated, and wrinkled.
It was a long-dead corpse.
She recoiled with a sharp cry of startled fear, extinguishing the flame, but the shock passed quickly, and she edged back and peered hesitantly inside, lighting the lighter again. It was an extremely tall, thin, emaciated man, who looked as if he had starved to death. He was covered in a long coat, with only the lower half of his trousered, booted legs sticking out. His block-shaped head was framed by a tangled mass of long, ropey, snow-white hair, and his face was dominated by a domed forehead, prominent cheekbones, and square jaw that terminated in a blunt chin. A thick, snow-white moustache ran perpendicular under his Alexandrian nose straight across into either cheek, and there was a tiny tuft of beard just under his lower lip. His eyes were closed, but his mouth hung open, as if anticipating, or begging for, a morsel of food. Curious, she reached out and touched his skin. It felt like hardened leather.
She drew back her hand and stepped away from the stone coffin as she extinguished the lighter, feeling confused and betrayed.
This can't be the legacy Father told me about! How could this dried-out husk be my promised knight champion?!
It made no sense. She loved her father; she wanted to believe what he said was true, but how could she be sure he was even lucid when he said it?
What if this is just some sick joke, inspired by delirium? Whatever the truth, it's over; my last chance for survival is gone. There's no champion, no protector, no weapon, no shield; no hope. Mandy will win, when she finds me; in fact, she's already won. I'm as good as dead; I just don't know enough to give up.
A sharp pain in her arm brought her back to reality. She looked at her wound, and saw fresh blood welling up through the fabric of the makeshift bandage. She realized her exertions must have torn it open. The blood was even beginning to drip from the saturated linen. The sight of it made her angry.
I may be a walking dead girl, but I'm not going to make it easy for her either! If she wants me badly enough, she'll have to work for it!
Differel hurried over to the mausoleum door, took hold of the iron ring on the inside, and pulled it closed. She extinguished all the lamps, then lit the lighter and went back to the sarcophagus. Extinguishing the flame, she pulled herself up and crawled inside. When she heard an unexpected meow, she lit the lighter again and looked down. Mr. Mistoffelees stood on his hind legs, his front paws braced against the side of the sarcophagus, giving her an intent look.
"I'm sorry, I didn't mean to shut you in! No, you stay down. You've been a good friend, but you'd better forget about me. Stay free. I'll miss you." The cat dropped back to a sitting position and watched her with his green eyes.
She extinguished the light and placed it in her pocket, then reached up and pulled down the lid. It closed as easily as it had opened. She laid herself on the corpse's chest, placing her head beside its own, and draped her wounded arm over its face.
I might as well get comfortable, being as this is likely to be my home for eternity.
The inside smelled musty, but curiously not foul or rotten, so she did not fear contamination, though she doubted she would live long enough to be harmed in any event.
"My apologies for intruding," she whispered in the corpse's ear, "but I have no choice. You don't object to my sharing your resting place, do you?" It made no reply, not that she expected one.
"Thank you, you're most generous. Perhaps I can repay your kindness in turn."
She lapsed into silence. It was ridiculous talking to a dead body as if it could hear and understand her.
But, what harm does it do?
She sighed. "My birthday was last month; I turned twelve. On that night I wished I was a princess from a fairytale. I should have wished I would live to be thirteen. The stars are already out, I saw them as I came here. It may be too late, but if you don't mind, I would like to make one more wish. Being dead, you are the safest person to tell it to. I wish...I wish you were a knight champion. I wish you would come back to life and kill Mandy."
Once again, the corpse made no sound, and nothing changed. "I'm sorry, I must sound like an awful git. I'll just be quiet now and let you rest." She closed her eyes, even though she could see nothing, and she hope for a pleasant dream before the end.

Aelfraed stepped out of the tent and looked over the bivouac. Despite the number of lights set up, there were still areas of pitch darkness too black to see into, so it was hard to get a clear picture of what was going on. There was a fair amount of activity, and he could hear helicopters flying around overhead, but when the army arrived, he and the rest of the staff had pretty much been shut out of the planning sessions to retake the estate, except for whatever reports the commander of the manor troops was allowed to give them.
Once the entire staff had been evacuated from the house, the troops escorted them off the estate grounds and pulled back to a staging area ten miles up the military road. It was only then that anyone realized Differel was missing. LCpl. Giles Holt had been the last one to see her, and he reported she had ordered him to join the evacuation when Miranda and the house security guards had shown up to take her to the shelter. Aelfraed had then checked his mobile telephone and saw the alert from the emergency call button in the office. He had realized at that moment that something had gone wrong, but when he reported to the troop commander, he was told they were in constant contact with Miranda, and she and her security contingent were conducting a search, but under no circumstances should anyone return; the estate was still crawling with monsters. That had raised his suspicions immediately: how could a Baker's dozen armed only with submachine guns hold off scores of paranormal creatures that had overrun a platoon of soldiers armed with assault rifles and heavy machine guns? But the commander maintained he had his orders, both from Miranda and the Adjutant-General to the Armed Forces: wait for reinforcements and the all clear. And while Aelfraed did not take his orders from them, he could do little without the commander's cooperation.
Helena appeared around the corner of the tent, carrying two cups of coffee. She handed him one as she stood beside him.
"How is everyone doing?" he asked.
"Anxious. They don't like being kept in the dark."
"Neither do I."
"There has got to be something we can do."
"Not as long as the army is in charge."
"Oh, bugger the army! That's never stopped you before."
He smiled at her reaction. She had always been more earthy. "True, but under the circumstances I have few options."
She took a sip before speaking again. "There has been talk among the younger staff members, abetted by a few older ones, of sneaking back into the estate and conducting their own search."
He shook his head and gave her a pointed stare. He had no doubt she was one of those 'older ones'. "That would not be advisable. We have no idea what the state of the situation is. They could walk into their deaths."
She gave him a skeptical look. "There's something very odd about this whole operation."
"Indeed?"
She turned to face him. "Whatever they were, those creatures hit us hard and fast, and drove us out before we could mount a proper defense. Don't you think it strange that they didn't kill anyone?"
He smiled. "Very much so."
"Also, I can't believe those security wankers can succeed where the troops failed."
The security contingent had become rather unpopular over the last couple of years. "I had the same doubt myself."
"And how could they lose Differel once they had her? That would seem to be either incompetent or careless, and they don't strike me as being either."
"I couldn't agree more."
"Then what do you think is happening?"
"I think it is rather obvious, Dear Sister: a coup. The question is, by whom?"
"I know exactly by whom, Brother Mine: Lady Pendragon."
"Woman's intuition?"
"Common sense."
He nodded. "I tend to agree. Unfortunately, we have no proof, and without it, we cannot lift a finger to help Miss Differel."
"I don't need any proof; or rather, give me a pistol, and I'll get all the proof we need."
"Temper, Dear Sister, you'll set a bad example for our young mistress."
She laughed. "If she's anything like her mother, Brother Mine, it's already too late."
"Excuse me, Mr. Walters?"
Aelfraed and Helena turned around as Holt stepped out of the tent's shadow.
"I didn't want to startle you. Has there been any word?"
"No, Mr. Holt," Aelfraed replied, "nothing in the past three hours."
At the news, his expression turned so anguished that for a moment Aelfraed was afraid he would eat his rifle. "I should never have left her."
"You had no choice, she ordered you to go."
"I should have disobeyed. It was my responsibility to keep her safe; I failed."
"We still don't know what happened. You may not have been able to save her; you might have even gotten her or yourself killed."
"Or she might be safe with us now."
"Giles," Helena said, "we understand how you feel, Aelfraed and I. We blame ourselves as well. We were all caught between conflicting duties and responsibilities, and we may not have made the right choice. But that's in the past. We cannot change it, and self-recrimination is useless; worse, it's self-destructive. The best way we can help Differel now is ascertain what's become of her and rescue her if we can."
He flashed a knowing look. "What do you have in mind?"
Helena looked at Aelfraed, giving him an apologetic grin, and he smiled and nodded.
"Aelfraed and I were discussing the possibility of re-entering the estate to look for her."
He looked startled, but he also smiled with boyish glee. "I would like to help!"
"Wouldn't that be considered desertion?" Aelfraed asked.
"Sir Henry had me re-assigned to the house. My post is by Dame Differel's side. Any desertion would have occurred when I left it."
Aelfraed nodded. "We'll need a vehicle."
"I can secure that."
"What about the checkpoints and guard house?" Helena asked.
"From what I've learned," Holt replied, "they've been abandoned or are minimally staffed. We should have no trouble getting through."
"You can't just search blindly," she pressed. "Where do you plan to look?"
"She might be frightened," Holt said, "but she's an intelligent and level-headed child. I'm sure she would try to find somewhere to hole up and wait out the crisis."
"The motte-and-bailey?" Helena asked. "She's been spending a great deal of time there lately, especially since she thinks we don't know about it."
Aelfraed stiffened as an idea jolted him. "No, not the bailey; the mausoleum."
"Why there?" Holt asked.
"She asked questions about it during the funeral. She took particular interest in the old sarcophagus."
Helena's eyes grew wide. "You don't suppose --?"
"That day he spoke to her alone, just before he died, I believe Sir Henry encouraged her to open it if she ever felt her back was to the wall. He may have even told her what was in it."
"St. George have mercy!"
"I don't understand," Holt objected. "What are you talking about?"
Aelfraed dismissed the question with a wave of his hand. "I'll explain on the way. For now, suffice to say I believe that is the best place to look for her."
Holt nodded. "Very well. Meet me on the road outside the camp in thirty minutes." And he turned and disappeared into the darkness.
"Do you believe the rumors are true?" Helena asked, a nervous quaver in voice.
"I don't know." Aelfraed felt icy tendrils of dread creep through his gut and along his nerves. "I sincerely hope not, even considering Differel's peril. But if they are, may God help her; nothing else can."
"Then I'm going with you, Brother Mine."
The calm strength returned to her voice helped to restore his own. "I expected no less, Dear Sister."

 "What do you mean, you have not been able to find her?!" Mandy raged.
"We discovered a blood trail in the nursery, that led us to a secret stairwell," one of the male guards replied. "We followed it down to the ground floor, and found where she got out through the director's office. But we've made a complete search of the house and an extensive search of the manor grounds and the park within the circuit road, and there's just no sign of her."
"If she has gotten past you, I swear, I will fry the lot of you!"
"There's no indication she's tried to get through the gates, and there's no other way through the perimeter wall, except the river, and we've had that watched. Even if she did get through, we have men watching the roads, and she's not been picked up on any of the cameras. She's got to still be here, somewhere."
"We are running out of time! The members of the senior staff are getting suspicious. That cursed butler especially is asking too many questions. We have to find her now, before he takes unilateral action!"
"What can he do?" a female guard asked. "He's just a butler."
"You fool. There are only three people I would not want to fight in direct hand-to-hand combat, and he is one of them, even at his age."
"We've expanded our search," the male guard went on, "to the inside of the perimeter wall, concentrating on the motte-and-bailey and the churchyard, but it will take time! We're only a dozen people."
"You have until dawn! I cannot keep the staff from coming back any later than that. And your orders have changed: search and destroy!"
"Your Ladyship?!"
"You heard me! There is no longer enough time for an embryo to assimilate her, even if we had another. She cannot be allowed to tell anyone what we tried to do, so shoot to kill on sight. That is an order!"
"Yes, Baroness!"
"Excuse me," another female guard said as she approached.
"Yes? What is it?"
"One of the searchers thought he heard a noise down by the churchyard. When he went to investigate, he found the gate in the wall open."
"That could have happened at any time --" a male colleague began.
"No, that is it!" Mandy interrupted. "I should have realized this sooner. With nowhere else to go, she would have gone to the one place she could find comfort, her father's crypt. Recall your men at once! Have them assemble at the Norman church. We have her at last!"
"Yes, Baroness!" And they hurried off to carry out her orders.

Back to TOC

+++

A Friend's Sacrifice

"My god!"
Aelfraed had just finished explaining about the sarcophagus, and he couldn't blame Holt for his reaction.
The young marine drove the land rover he had commandeered, while Aelfraed rode in the back seat and held an LA85A2 assault rifle for him. Helena sat in the front passenger seat; she had taken a Parker Hale PDW submachine gun. For his part, he had a bandoleer slung over one shoulder bearing twenty Fairbairn-Sykes Fighting Knives. He felt far more comfortable having them than he did any firearm.
"You mean, it's all real?!" Holt continued.
"Every word," Helena said. "Stoker left some details out, but the rest are wholly accurate."
"I can't believe it!"
"It's the basis for the whole existence of the Order," Aelfraed explained. "Surely you don't discount that possibility, not after everything you've seen during your service."
"No, sir. Still, monsters are one thing, but this..." His voice trailed off into silence.
"All part of the Van Helsing legacy."
"We're coming up on the perimeter wall," Helena announced.
"Let's hope the gate is still open," Holt said. "The first checkpoint will be coming up on our left. If anyone tries to stop us, I'll just barrel on past. Once we're through the wall, the second will be on our right."
Helena cocked her gun. "Understood."
"Once we're past that, I'll take the inner circuit road around behind the churchyard. Hopefully, that way we can catch anyone prowling around by surprise."
"We're in your hands, Mr. Holt," Aelfraed said.
Aelfraed watched as the auxiliary guardhouse got closer, and fingered one of the daggers. Holt did not slow down, and they passed in an eye blink, but no shouts were raised or shots fired.
"Abandoned. Gate coming up," Holt said. They crossed the intersection with the outer circuit road and approached an opening in the armored concrete barrier. The perimeter wall had three entrances, one for each road in, and they were closed by armored doors built in layers of metal, ceramics, and depleted uranium.
"I'm going to risk the lights," Holt announced. He switched on the headlamps for a moment, and Aelfraed saw the doors stood open.
"Thank god," Holt said. He drove the vehicle through.
"There's the next checkpoint."
Aelfraed watched the guardhouse go past, and again they were not challenged or attacked.
"Also abandoned," Holt said. "I don't like it."
"Maybe they're all out searching," Helena suggested.
"No, they would maintain at least a skeletal force, to prevent what we're doing. If they've pulled out, they've either fled the estate or have found Dame Differel." He took the turn onto the inner circuit road with barely a drop in speed.
"Then we'd better hurry," Aelfraed said.
"Right." Holt floored the gas pedal and the land rover accelerated.
"Can Dame Differel really control it?" Holt asked once they reached maximum speed.
"According to the stories, she should be able to, yes," Aelfraed replied, "but I pray to God we don't have to find out."
"I second that," Helena added.

Differel realized she must have fallen asleep, when the lid being raised with a crash awakened her. Harsh light flooding the inside of the sarcophagus, and she heard the sound of gun bolts being drawn back.
"She's here; we've found her!" a male voice cried out, startling her to full wakefulness. The powerful flashlight beams blinded her and she shrank back, but multiple strong hands seized her, lifted her out of the stone coffin, and tossed her to the ground like a rag doll.
"My god!" she heard a female voice say in a fearful tone, "what the hell is that?"
"Just some wanker's corpse. Probably one of her ancestors, maybe even old Abraham himself."
"Enough. Keep your minds on your work."
Differel recognized that voice as Mandy's. She looked up, and found the woman standing over her, staring at her with an expression of pure hatred.
"On your feet, Niece. I had expected to find you cringing under your father's crypt, not cowering inside there, but perhaps it is just as well. We can put your body back inside once we have dealt with you. Give you some company in your eternal rest. It will be the closest you will come to having a man in your bed in any case."
Differel stood up. Behind Mandy and on either side of her stood four security guards with their submachine guns. She glanced behind herself, and saw two more standing in front of the sarcophagus. Six electric lamps had been set up around the chamber, shining their light upwards to reflect off the walls and ceiling. That reduced the intensity of the illumination, but it was still bright enough to see by.
Looking back at Mandy, she was surprised to feel smoldering anger instead of fear. "I thought you wanted me alive."
"That has changed. Though futile, your little chase has disrupted my plans sufficiently that now I have no other choice but to kill you. And to think, had you not resisted, you would have been able to live forever."
"I already will live forever, while you'll rot in the Ninth Circle of Hell for eternity."
"May your religious delusions give you comfort as you die."
"What was that...thing you tried to put in me?"
"It would mean nothing to you."
"Indulge me, Aunt; one last request."
"Why should I?"
"You used to be my teacher. What harm can one more lesson do at this point?"
Mandy gave her a cynical leer. "Very well, if you insist. It was a Fomorian embryo. The Fomorians are ancient demons from prehistoric Ireland. Past a certain point their embryos are able to live outside of the incubation cell, though they stop developing. However, they have the interesting property that if you introduce them into a living host, such as a Human, they can take control of the host's mind, accessing its memories, abilities, and personality."
"You planned to make me your puppet."
"Not quite. The embryo would have an independent will and develop its own personality. However, you are not too far wrong. It would have command of your body, and it would instinctively look to me for guidance. There would be the threat that at some point it might decide it no longer needed me; it might even prove to be more powerful than I am. However, I am older and therefore more experienced. I would know the signs and be able to take appropriate action."
"What would become of me?"
"With your will crushed, you would become little more than a disembodied persona within your own head. In time, you would be completely subsumed within the embryo's ego and cease to exist altogether. But you would have no conscious awareness of anything after it took control of you."
A wave of rage swept through Differel as the shilling finally dropped. "You put one of those things in Father!" She clenched her fists.
Mandy managed to look impressed. "Very perceptive! I see now why Henry had so much faith in you. Yes, I did, but unfortunately it did not work out."
"What happened?"
"Sometimes an embryo is too weak to defeat the host's will, especially if that will is very strong. In those circumstances the embryo dies, and in doing so releases toxins that kill the host. Your father won the battle of wills, but it cost him his life."
"He didn't warn me. Why not?"
"No?" Mandy seemed genuinely surprised. "I thought sure he had. That was why I tried to keep you two apart. That was why I tried to compromise you by force instead of stealth. Part of the process by which the embryo suppresses the will involves releasing chemicals that block memory. It is possible your father had no recollection of the contest."
"You're an embryo, aren't you!"
Mandy chuckled. "That I am, though I have been in residence long enough that I no longer make any distinction between myself and this body."
"Is there anything of my aunt left?"
Mandy closed her eyes, as if looking into herself. "There is something, a tiny bit remaining, but little more than a fading echo."
She opened her eyes again. "But enough of this. You have delayed me too long already. Stand over there. No sense in having bullets ricochet." She motioned to a spot in the middle of the mausoleum.
Differel complied. Once past Mandy, she saw the door was open. However, there were two guards standing in front of it. For a brief moment she considered making a break for it anyway, but she realized she would never get away before they cut her down. She was dead either way, but she decided that she wanted to die standing up to her enemy, not running from it.
"Do not try to run," Mandy said, as if reading her mind. "Even if you made it outside, there are others out there with orders to shoot on sight."
She turned around to face Mandy and saw the other guards with her had moved behind her. "My running is over," she said in a calm, determined tone. "Let's just get this over with. I have a rendezvous with my Father."
Mandy pulled her pistol out of its shoulder holster. "As you wish, but it will not end as quickly as you hope. Do you know what this is?" She held up the gun for her to see.
"A Beretta Model 93R 9mm single-action machine pistol, 1100 rounds per minute in three-round bursts."
"Most impressive! You retain your lessons well. You would have made a valuable asset. Pity. This is a thirty-round magazine. That effectively gives me ten shots. I intend to take my time, as payback for the inconvenience you put me through. I believe I shall start with the ears." She aimed the gun at her, but didn't fire.
"Nothing to say, Niece?"
Differel was speechless, but not from defiance or fear. It was astonishment, from seeing the corpse in the sarcophagus sit up. It turned its head to look at the female guard, its eyes blazing red, a thin trickle of blood seeping from its mouth.
Blood!? My blood! From my wound!
The male guard seemed to sense something, and started to turn as the corpse wrapped an arm around the woman's upper chest and bent her backwards over its lap. She dropped her weapon as she reached up to grab its arm, just before it bent its head and bit into her neck. She screamed a terrified wail, but it lost force and wavered to stillness as the corpse gobbled her blood in great, throat pulsating gulps. When she went limp, it raised its head and let her loose, and her exsanguinated body slipped to the floor. Differel was flabbergasted to see the skin had regained its moisture, though it was still wrinkled like a prune.
It all happened so fast no one reacted, not even Mandy, who had spun around as soon as she heard the guard cry out. The corpse surveyed the chamber, grinning, then leapt up and landed, crouching, on the ledge of the sarcophagus. It shifted its gaze to the male guard, and leered.
Whatever spell held him transfixed broke. Yelling bloody murder, he raised his weapon and began firing. The corpse threw itself at him and knocked him flat on his back, its mouth clamped to his neck. His scream also faded as his blood was drained in moments.
"Do not stand there like statues, you imbeciles," Mandy raged; "fire!" The remaining five opened up as Differel threw herself against the wall under her father's crypt, and the two by the door rushed to join their comrades.
The bullets tore through the guard's body and the mildewed coat, but a mass of shadow, like a black mist, spread out from under the garment. It divided into streamers that raced around the guards as they turned and spun to keep sight of them. They met and recombined behind another female guard, coalescing into a solid body, and the corpse attacked her, drinking her blood while clutching at her bosom. Differel noted that its skin now looked normal, if elderly.
The other guards opened fire again, with most of the rounds going into the woman's body, as three from the outside rushed into the chamber. They opened up from the door, causing Mandy and the other guards to scatter. The corpse threw the body aside, turned, and flew at them. It rammed its hand into the chest of the middle one, bursting his heart out his back, before pulling him close and gulping his blood. When the guard on the left tried to club it with her submachine gun, it turned, grabbed her by the throat, crushed her larynx, and consumed her blood as well. The guard on the right opened fire, and the corpse threw the woman's body at him. As he dodge, it intercepted him, tore off the arm that held the gun, and took his blood. Each time it fed, Differel noted that its appearance grew younger, though its hair remained pure white.
"Kill it!" Mandy roared at the remaining guards. "Kill it! Send it Hell!" They opened fire from across the chamber. The corpse charged them, dodging left and right, moving so fast it was a dark blur. It swept through them, carrying one off; it drank his blood and threw the body at the foot of the sarcophagus. It turned and charged them again, wading into their midst, grabbing each one at a time and draining him or her dry in seconds, as the others shot or pummeled it. It ignored bullet and blow alike, as if they meant nothing to it, and Differel watched, in horrified fascination, as its hair darkened with each feast. Finally it stood alone, surrounded by bodies, its hair and mustache now a dark iron gray.
It twisted around a few time, looking for another opponent, but when it found none, it straightened and relaxed. It stared at Mandy for a few moments, as she pointed her Beretta at it, then it focused on Differel. It strode towards her and Mandy followed it with her pistol, but she didn't fire, and Differel realized she hoped it would finish her off. She didn't try to get away; she knew it would be impossible. When it reached her, it stood over her, looking down, and she stared back, waiting for it to take hold of her and raise her up to its face. She was surprised at how calm she felt. She figured she should be terrified, and she could feel her heart pound as her stomach grew a lump of ice, but it was due more to nervousness than fear. In fact, though she expected it to be agonizing in the beginning, she was comforted to know that at least it would be a quicker death than the one Mandy had planned.
But what it actually did startled the living daylights out of her. It bent down on one knee, bowed its head low, and said, "At your service, My Master."
Differel couldn't believe it. She wondered if the stress had driven her mad.
A Vampire, one of the monsters my family is sworn to destroy, my servant?! This is the Van Helsing legacy? It was absolutely insane! And yet, she realized, it made a kind of sense. What else but a monster can destroy another monster?
Mandy's roar of rage cut off her thoughts. The Vampire stood and faced her. She fire at it and it advanced on her, seemingly unstoppable. She fired five times before pausing, as if she realized the bullets were useless. The Vampire charged her, a streaked blur, but she threw out her free hand, palm facing it, and it stopped dead, as if it had hit a stone wall. It struggled against the invisible force, as tongues of eldritch blue flames surrounded it. It bellowed in agony as it writhed, and it rose off the ground.
"No!" Differel shouted, anguished and afraid. "Let him go, you're hurting him! Stop it!"
Mandy focused on her, and the flames disappeared. The Vampire dropped to the floor in an unconscious heap. Differel ran to him, and was relieved to see he was still breathing.
"End of the line, Niece!" Mandy shrilled, pointing her pistol at her. "You have no champions left!"
A hideous banshee caterwaul contradicted her as Mr. Mistoffelees hurtled from behind the sarcophagus. He ran straight for her, launched himself into the air, and landed on the side of her face. He wrapped his forepaws around her head, digging in with his claws, as he bit her cheek and racked at her neck with his rear paws. Mandy shrieked in fury and pain as she danced and whirled around, trying to dislodge the demonic fur ball.
Differel looked at the door. The way out was clear, she could make a run for it, and for a moment she almost went for it. She took a couple of steps in that direction, but then stopped.
No, I can't leave.
The cat was her friend, the Vampire her servant; both had risked their lives for her. She couldn't abandon them to Mandy's mercy.
If only I had a weapon!
She looked around, but the only things in reach were the chunks of granite lying on the floor, and those were hardly suitable. In her desperation, she looked at her father's crypt. The bronze plaque, electroplated with cobalt, stared back at her.
Dear Father, I wish I had something to fight with!
She felt a tingling in her hand, as if it had gone to sleep and the blood was returning to her skin. When she looked, she saw a cloud of sparkles floating over her palm. The cloud thickened into a mist and elongated into a rod shape. Then it coalesced and solidified into a cruciform sword. It was longer than she was tall, with a narrow, double-edged, sharply-pointed blade and a hilt long enough to grip with both hands, yet it felt light as a feather. The blade's metal flashed and shown like silver, but had a texture like the cobalt plating on her father's plaque, suggesting toughness and strength. Within the fuller were stamped a set of characters, spelling out a word or name: Caledbwlch.
She snapped her attention back to Mandy when she heard her scream. She had gripped the cat with her free hand and was pulling it off her head. Her face was ravaged by claw and bite marks, making her look like a revenant that had been killed in a devastating accident, and she tore skin loose as she ripped the cat free. In a fit of rage she threw him at the sarcophagus. Mr. Mistoffelees hit the side of the stone coffin and fell to the floor, but tried to stand to attack again. Mandy aimed the Beretta and fired; the three rounds slammed into him, tearing through his chest, and threw him against the pedestal, where he lay still.
"No!!" Fury exploded in Differel. Screaming, she rushed at Mandy, raising the sword above her head. Mandy turned and fired, but in her haste her aim was off, and the bullets whistled past her ear. She chopped the sword downward and sliced through Mandy's lower arm; hand and gun dropped to the floor. Mandy gave a bloodcurdling shriek as she raised what was left of her arm and gripped it below the wound with her other hand. Differel swung the sword back and slashed the point across her midriff, cutting through cloth, skin, and muscle as blood sprayed through the air in an arc, splashing across the floor and Differel's body. Mandy gasped, her eyes wide with shock, clutched at her stomach, and doubled over, dropping to her knees. Differel ran around to one side of her, raised the sword again, and brought it down on her neck, chopping cleanly through it. Mandy's head dropped off and rolled on the floor as her body fell forward and collapsed.
Differel stood over her, panting, and felt satisfaction fill her core. One less enemy to threaten Queen and Country. Nor did she feel any remorse; her aunt was long gone, and she bore only hatred for what had replaced her.
Coming back to her senses, she looked around. No more guards appeared, but that didn't mean she was out of danger. She turned and scooped up the Beretta. There were three shots left; not much, but better than nothing. She then ran back to the Vampire and dropped down beside him, placing the weapons on the floor to either side of her legs. He had fallen on his side, and despite his weight Differel managed to shove him over onto his back. He was still alive, but unconscious, and as she examined him she saw his hair fade to white as wrinkles appeared in his face. She didn't know what that meant, but she guessed he was losing power. He needed something to reinvigorate himself, but what?
She grimaced. Blood, obviously. And there was only one source close at hand.
She untied the sleeve covering the wound, but then hesitated. She wasn't sure if what she intended was a good idea, but she didn't see she had much choice. Grasping the handkerchief, she closed her eyes and grimaced in anticipation, then ripped it off her arm.
The pain was intense, worse than she expected, worse than when the bullet grazed her. She cried out, squeezing tears out of her eyes as she balled one hand into a fist and pounded on her thigh.
"Bloody hell!!" After a few moments, however, the pain subsided enough that she could concentrate on what she was doing. Looking at the wound, she saw it was bleeding profusely, with blood trickling off the underside of her arm. She leaned over the Vampire, and with her other hand pulled down his jaw to open his mouth and held her arm over his face, letting the blood drip into his mouth. For the first several seconds nothing happened, but then his tongue began to lap up the drops while they were still in the air. She wasn't sure how much he was getting, but it seemed to be enough, because the wrinkles disappeared from his face and his hair darkened to iron gray again.
His eyes snapped open, and he took in everything at once. A look of shock crossed his face and she saw him tense.
"It's all right. Drink; take what you need."
Panic seized his features and he tried to pull away from her. Irritated, she grabbed the collar of his shirt.
"Idiot! I said drink. That's an order, Servant!"
The panic drained from his face and was replaced by a look that progressed from astonishment to respect to gratitude. He raised his head, but instead of clamping his lips over the wound, he licked it with his tongue. It was an odd sensation. There was no pain, only a kind of tingling, and a warmth that settled in and spread throughout her upper arm. More interesting was the strange feeling she sensed deep at the bottom of her abdomen, a kind of fluttering itch, like butterflies in the stomach, only more intense and pleasing. She had never felt it before. It was exciting and disturbing all at once; she wanted it to stop at once, and she never wanted it to stop ever. It seemed to her as if something had awakened, something inevitable and important, but for the time being she had no clue what it was.
After a couple of minutes she began to feel lightheaded. She realized she had shed too much blood, and she leaned back on her haunches, covering the wound with her other hand. The Vampire got to his feet and helped her stand, but then he knelt down on one knee before her.
"Thank you, My Master." Despite his lean build, his voice was a deep bass that that seemed to roll and boom like thunder.
"Who are you?"
"I am the Voivode, Vlad the Third, Tepes Drakulya, Late of Wallachia."
She grinned. "Count Dracula."
"So your ancestor, Abraham Van Helsing, named me."
"How do you know that?"
"It is in your blood. You have his Bloodline; you are of the Van Helsing Family, though it is somewhat diluted from last I tasted it."
"I don't understand."
"Every generation, when the new heir takes control of the Family, he gives me some of his blood, so that my bond to the Bloodline may be renewed and strengthened. The last one to do so was Miles George Arbuthnott."
"He was my grandfather."
"Yes, two generations; that seems about right."
"Is Vlad your given name?"
"Yes."
"My name is Differel Isolde Churchill Pendragon."
"Differel is an unusual name."
She grinned in a sheepish manner. "My father was an amateur mathematician. He once told me that an integral is the area under a curve, hence it implies wholeness, whereas a differential is the measure of how the curve changes at any point. He said he wanted me to be constantly changing, always learning and adapting, never whole, complete, or finished. So he named me Differel, as a cognate to integral, to imply the meaning of differential."
"It would seem your father is an intelligent and perceptive man; I would be honored to meet him."
She frowned and lowered her head. "He's dead." She glanced at his crypt on the wall.
Vlad bowed his head. "Then you are my sole Master, Sir Differel, and I am required to serve you, until you die, you release me, or I am destroyed."
"Hmph." She favored him with a wry smile. "In case you haven't noticed, I'm a girl."
He lifted his head, a sour look on his face. For a moment, Differel's gut turned to ice. Did I say something wrong? Then she realized it was the same kind of look Aelfraed gave her whenever she said something he thought was out of line.
Vlad stood and looked down at her. "Biologically, that may be true, but you are no mere female. You have the strength and will of all the Van Helsings before you, back to Abraham himself. You have the power and authority to command me, even if you are not yet worthy of it. Therefore, you are My Master, and you deserve the honor of a proper title, social convention be damned."
"Don't move!"
Differel jumped, but she recognized the voice. Vlad blocked her view of the door, and when she looked around him she saw Mr. Holt standing just inside, his assault rifle raised to his face and aimed at the Vampire. As she watched, Aelfraed and Mrs. Widget entered behind him.
Vlad turned and crouched, ready to engage him. She panicked. "No, wait, stop! He's a friend!"
Everyone looked at her, and she realized they didn't know who she referred to.
"I mean you all are!" She put herself between the two opponents and faced the Vampire. "Vlad, stand down."
The Vampire made no move, but he remained ready to attack.
"Do as I say, Servant! Stand down!" Vlad gave her a disappointed look tinged with irritation, but he relaxed and straightened up.
She looked at Holt. "You, too, Lance Corporal. At ease."
Holt lowered the rifle to his chest as Aelfraed and Mrs. Widget exchanged concerned looks. "Madam?"
"You heard me, Mr. Holt."
He dropped the barrel so it pointed at the floor. "Yes, Madam." As he nodded he also managed to look disappointed, and confused. Though he still gripped the trigger handle, he lowered it down to his side.
Her head suddenly swam and she lost her balance. She started to fall, but Vlad caught her and picked her up, holding her in his arms.
"I...I think I've had...enough for today."
The three Humans rushed up to her, but while Aelfraed and Holt kept their distance from the Vampire, Mrs. Widget came right up to him. She made a cursory examination of her arm, and then turned to the others. "She's badly hurt, and going into shock. We need to get her back to house immediately."
"Allow me," Vlad said. He cradled her in the crook of one arm, then grabbed Mrs. Widget around the waist and pulled her against him. Differel's vision went black, and she felt a wave of dizziness and an intense, ice-cold blast. She thought at first she was passing out, but her vision cleared and she saw she was in the manor infirmary.
Vlad let Mrs. Widget go. She had a shocked look on her face, but it quickly turned to anger. She stepped back and slapped the Vampire on the face.
"Don't ever do that to me again!"
Vlad gave her a mocking leer. "Of course not."
Differel giggled. "She's not a mere female either, so watch your step."
"Yes, Master."
Mrs. Widget led him into the ward and instructed him to place her on one of the beds. She then went to collect what she needed to treat her.
Differel looked up at Vlad, who stood to one side, watching her. Now that the crisis had passed and she felt safe again, concern for her condition came to the forefront. "Am I going to be all right?"
"Do you wish to be?"
She frowned at the odd question. "Of course."
"Then be so."
Now she felt irritated. "Talk sense, will you?"
"You can be whatever you desire to be, provided you have the will and the strength to fight for it. You have both, so if you want to be all right, you can be so. It is entirely up to you."
Despite the convoluted wording, that did make sense. She also realized he had made her mad on purpose, to drive away her fear and doubt. "Hmph. And I suppose part of your job is to needle me whenever you feel it necessary."
He grinned at her. "Of course."
She smiled and closed her eyes. "Well then, just be aware that if you make too big a nuisance of yourself, I'll put you back where I found you."
"Yes, My Master," she heard him say, moments before she dropped into unconsciousness.

When Differel awoke, she found herself still in the infirmary bed. The first thing she noticed was the IV line in her right arm, delivering a blood transfusion into her veins. Turning her head, she looked at her left arm. There was a proper bandage over the wound. She reached over to touch it, and felt the stitching under it.
"How do you feel, Madam?"
She turned to her right and saw Aelfraed standing over her.
"Tired," she replied, and then her stomach growled. "And hungry."
He smiled with relief. "I'll have something brought down."
"How long have I been out?"
"Since last night; you lost a fair amount of blood."
"What time is it?"
"It's now noon."
"Has the manor been retaken?"
"Yes, but there was nothing to retake. The creatures that attacked us were gone by the time that I, Mrs. Widget, and Mr. Holt came to retrieve you."
"What are the casualties?"
"None, Madam."
"None?"
"The only advantages the creatures had were their superior numbers and ferociousness. Otherwise, they were easily killed. The only injuries sustained were from friendly fire or moments of panic."
"I see. Mandy told me they were a diversion. My guess is they were either some form of corporeal illusion or a minor paranormal entity normally too weak to be a credible threat."
"I will launch inquiries immediately."
Differel looked around the bed. She was isolated from the rest of the ward by a curtain. "Where's Vlad?"
"He is asleep, Madam. He showed me a chamber in the dungeon level where his coffin was stored, along with his equipment."
"Equipment?"
"Your pardon, Madam, I meant weapons."
"I see. Check them out, and upgrade them as you see fit."
"Yes, Madam. If I may be so bold, there is something I must ask you."
"What is it?"
"We found blood on your clothing. Did the Vampire...harm you in any way?"
"No, Aelfraed, he saved my life. I did give him some of my blood, to restore him, but I did so voluntarily, and he took it from my wound. The blood on my clothes is Mandy's."
"Did the Vampire kill her?"
"No, I did."
"You killed Miranda?" There was a hint of astonished disbelief in his voice.
"Yes, with a sword that...I don't know, it just appeared in my hand when I needed it."
An odd look crossed his face, one that seemed to mix shock, consternation, and pride. Before she could ask about it, however, he said, "Tell me what happened."
She suddenly felt very weary. "It's a long story, and I haven't the energy now. Maybe later, this afternoon. I will say Mandy turned traitor."
Aelfraed nodded. "Mrs. Widget and I suspected as much."
"What's been done with the bodies?"
"They have been stored in the morgue for now."
"Have them autopsied. Look for any evidence of infestation. Also, have the medical staff examine my bedroom. They should find the remains of what Mandy called a Fomorian embryo."
"Yes, Madam. Will that be all?"
She nodded. "For now."
"Very good. I'll pass on your orders and prepare your lunch." And he turned to leave.
She remembered something. "Just a moment. What happened to Mr. Mistoffelees?"
He looked back at her and blinked in a moment of puzzlement. "The cat? The cleanup crew did report finding its body with the others. They will dispose of it."
"No. I want you to take charge of him."
"Madam?"
"You heard me. Store him safely away until I've recovered, and then I want him decently buried. Understand?"
"Of course, Madam, but may I enquire why?"
"He saved both me and Vlad. Mandy would have killed us otherwise. I want him treated like a hero."
Aelfraed nodded. "Yes, Madam, I will take care of it personally." He gave her a short bow and left.
"Your concern is touching, but misplaced."
Vlad's voice came out of thin air, but a shadow formed at the end of her bed, shaped itself, then coalesced. He looked much like he did when she first met him, but wore a wide-brimmed hat and an open great coat, with a vest, shirt, and trousers, and a cravat tied around his collar. His clothes were black, including the shirt; the only spots of color were the blood-red hat band, cravat, and gloves, and a red rosebud inserted into the coat's left label button.
His appearance and comment provoked so many questions that she almost didn't know where to begin. The first one she blurted out was, "Amazing entrance! I wasn't aware Vampires could do that."
"They cannot. I studied the Dark Arts before I was turned, and your family has improved my training since Abraham's time."
"Is that why you can also come out in the daytime?"
"No, I gradually built up a tolerance to daylight through repeated short exposures. I would still rather sleep through the day; I need rest, and sunlight gives me a headache, not to mention it weakens my dark powers."
She felt a chill go down her spine. It suddenly dawned on her that he might be more than she bargained for. He had already demonstrated great power, but he had just surprised her with two new tricks.  Who knew what else he was capable of, or what his limits were?
"Aelfraed told me you were asleep."
"For just the morning; I tolerate the afternoon better. In any event, my place is at your side."
"Is that your primary function?"
"In a manner of speaking. I protect and serve the Van Helsing Family, until my destruction or release, or the extinction of the Bloodline. Your ancestors used me as a weapon, to destroy their enemies. It makes no difference to me if I destroy them in defense of your life or because you order me to search them out. But when I am not out searching, I am always nearby, and at your beck and call. Know, also, that no matter where you are, I will come if I sense you are in danger, unless you order me not to, and you may call upon me at any time. Your wellbeing is my primary concern, and I will defend it to the last of my strength."
"I see." She was beginning to realize just how dangerous an ally he was. No small wonder then that someone had locked him away. She would have to consider her use of him very carefully, or she could end up doing more harm than good.
"You disparaged my wish to treat the cat with decency. Why?"
"I have never understood Humanity's sentimental need to honor the dead, and this body is not even of your kind. It is an empty shell. It has no more use than an empty bullet cartridge. If you must honor something, honor the spirit that has departed, but even that is a waste of time, for it will not care."
"It's our sentimentality that sets us apart from monsters such as you."
He grinned at her. "Indeed, but it also makes you weak. Otherwise, you would not need me."
"It can, yes, but it's also what unites us against our enemies, and that union makes us strong, stronger than any monster that has or can exist."
"You seem quite certain for one so young. I, on the other hand, have lived far too long to ever be that certain about anything again."
"That's why I want you to be candid with me at all times. I want your experience and viewpoint; it will keep me from becoming complacent."
"My pleasure, Sir Differel."
"Meanwhile, there's no need for you to hover over my bed like the Angel of Death, if you can sense when I'm in danger."
"I understand. I think I will check out the library. I have been asleep for a long time. I need to catch up on current events."
"Do that, and mind you don't frighten the staff. It may take some of them time to get used to you. Oh, and no snacking between meals. I need my people healthy."
He grinned at her again as he faded to shadow. "You have my word, My Master." And the shadow sank into the floor.
She picked up the bed control and raised its back to get ready for when Aelfraed returned with her lunch. She recognized that Vlad was going to be a problem. He was not only immensely powerful, but also a loose cannon. While potentially her most valuable asset, he could also prove to be her most serious liability. She seemed able to control him for the time being, but she had no idea how long that would last, or even to what extent she could currently do so. But she had passed the point of no return. All she could do was take it one step at a time and hope she continued to command his loyalty, because if she ever lost it, she figured only God could help her.

The ornamental garden plot behind the stables was first put in by the wife of a stable master three generations ago. Though not as large and sophisticated as the manor garden, it was nonetheless the pride and joy of the house staff, and Differel considered it more beautiful. It was lovingly cared for by the grooms, with help from the maids, all of whom spent a significant fraction of their free-time tending it. Differel thought it was the perfect spot for the grave of Mr. Mistoffelees. One of the stable hands had dug the three foot deep hole, another had crafted a wooden coffin as big as a shoe box, and a third had cut and inscribed the stone marker. The maids had sewn a pillow for the cat's remains to rest upon, and a sheet to cover them, while the gardeners had picked flowers for the memorial. Differel stood with Aelfraed, Mrs. Widget, LCpl. Holt, and Vlad as the stable master lowered the box into the hole and the hands filled it in, after which the head gardener covered the dirt mound with wood chips. One of the maids surrounded the plot with cockle shells, and when all was finished, they stood aside as Differel approached.
"I want to thank you all for your help and attendance. I realize most of you only thought of him as a stable cat, but nonetheless I greatly appreciate your courtesy and solicitude. He was much more to me: a friend and confidant, and at the end a champion. If it wasn't for his sacrifice, I would not be here now, and Miranda Pendragon would be in control of Great Britain's only defense against the Forces of Darkness. Whether he knew it or not, he saved more than just my life. He saved Her Majesty, Our Queen; he saved Her Government; he saved the Church; and he saved the life of every man, woman, and child in this Green and Pleasant Land. He is a hero, in the finest tradition of the British Race and Culture, and were it in my power to grant, he would now be sitting beside my Father in Heaven, among the Communion of Saints. His memory should be cherished as we would that of one of our finest citizens. His name should be shouted from the rooftops: 'Mr. Mistoffelees of the Family Van Helsing lives no more! Beware, all you enemies who would threaten Our Land and People, he has joined the Army of God, weaponed and armored in the Pure Light of faith. Woe to the wicked, your dastardly doings are now past!' This should be his legacy, and so long as I live on this Earth, that is how I shall remember him."
She kneeled down in front of the grave, and one of the maids passed her the bouquet. "Here Lies Mr. Mistoffelees," she quoted the inscription on the marker, "Loyal and Brave to the End. 'Was There Ever a Cat So Clever'." She leaned forward and placed the flowers on the wood chips, then straightened up.
"Goodbye, dear friend." A tear trickled down her cheek. One by one, each attendant walked away, until in the end only Vlad stood behind her.
"I had told you a week ago," he said as Differel stood up and smoothed out her skirt, "that I never understood Human sentimentality concerning the dead, but I do now. I knew you were strong and willful, but I am gratified to see you also have heart. A good leader needs heart. It was the one thing I never possessed."
They walked back to where Aelfraed waited with one of the carts. "Like I said, it's what separates Humans from monsters."
"I was not a monster then, but it does not matter. By the way, your eulogy was verbose and overly melodramatic. If you wish to inspire your followers, you need to garner their respect, and you cannot do that when they are snickering behind your back."
"You're lecturing me on melodrama?"
"Someone must, and I have given myself the job."
She flashed a smirking half-smile. "Do not presume, Servant."
"Do you realize, that just now you reminded me of Old Abraham?"
Astonishment surged through her, but then she scowled. "That's the second time someone has said something similar. Don't do it again."
"Yes, My Master."
"Hmph. I won't need you the rest of the day. You may return to your coffin."
"Thank you." He turned to shadow and coalesced into a four-footed shape, then emerged as a large, black wolf with glowing red eyes. He ran off towards the manor, moving so fast he was just a blur.
Differel walked up the cart and climbed in. As Aelfraed drove off, she said, "Thank you for your help."
"My pleasure, Madam. I was fond of the little fellow myself."
"I've lost three loved ones in little more than a month."
"Three?"
She nodded. "Whatever she became, I still loved Mandy. She was the only mother I ever knew."
"Of course, my apologies. One as young as you should not have had to deal with so much hurt and pain in so short a time."
"No, but I believe I finally understand something Father told me on my birthday."
"And what was that?"
"That no matter how much my responsibilities frighten me, they are mine and no one else's. I'm the only one who can bear them. So I have to find a way to conquer my fear, to derive strength from it, and to use it against my enemies."
She looked up at him. "But he also told me that I didn't have to accomplish this alone, that I could have help, if I wanted it. Would you help me? You, Mrs. Widget, and Mr. Holt?"
He stopped the cart and looked down at her. His face had a grave expression, but she saw a gleam of pride in his eyes. "My dear Differel, I believe I can speak for the others when I say, of course, we would be honoured to help you in any way."
His solemn tone filled her with sadness, but she also felt grateful. "Thank you." And she smiled.
"Don't mention it, Madam. Now, let's go home, and I'll make you some tea."
She couldn't help chuckling. "Is that your panacea for all of life's ills?"
He started the cart moving. "I've never known it to fail yet, Madam."

+++

For more information on Sir Differel Van Helsing and the Caerleon Order, see the official site [http://www.sir-differel.com/].

Back to TOC

+++

About the Author

Kevin L. O'Brien was born with a pen in his hand.
Well, not quite, but he has been writing for as long as he can remember, at least since First Grade. Writing has always been his first, true love, but it hasn't always been his career. He worked for 15 years as a biomedical researcher, then for 3 years as a web designer. However, after 30 years of trying to be published in print with little success, he has decided to try his hand at self-publishing. Most of his works will be sold as ebooks through various online retailers, but he also plans to make some available for free exclusively on Goodreads.
He writes primarily speculative fiction--fantasy, science fiction, horror, and their sub-genres--but he also likes to try his hand at thrillers, suspense, mystery, and even westerns. However, his stories tend to have a fantasy element, no matter how subtle.
Most of his stories involve the following three main characters:
Medb hErenn [http://www.medbherenn.com/]--One-time queen of Ireland, she is over 3500 years old. A warrior and a sorceress, she cannot be harmed by any weapon made by the hand of man.
Eile and Sunny, Team Girl [http://www.teamgirlforever.com/]--They are two adorable, vivacious, fun-loving young women whose motto is ONWARD TO ADVENTURE!!! Yet trouble follows them like a love-sick puppy wherever they go.
Sir Differel Van Helsing [http://www.sir-differel.com/]--The descendent of Abraham Van Helsing and King Arthur, she heads the Caerleon Order, the premier monster-hunting organization of the United Kingdom and the Commonwealth. She commands Dracula, the most powerful vampire extant, and the greatsword Caliburn, better known as Excalibur.
He also writes a series of sword & sorcery stories set in an alternative universe known as the Lands of the Dreams of Men.
Kevin lives in Denver with his family and 4 cats.
For more information, see the Songs of the Seanchai [http://www.seanchaisongs.com/].

Back to TOC

+++

Discover other titles by Kevin L. O'Brien:

Available on Smashwords - https://www.smashwords.com/profile/view/biochemborg

Enjoy these other titles at fine ebook retailers everywhere.

Available on Goodreads - http://www.goodreads.com/story/list/20075368

Back to TOC

+++

Connect with Kevin L. O'Brien Online:

Twitter: https://twitter.com/KLOB_writer
Facebook: http://www.facebook.com/kevin.l.obrien.1 
Website: http://www.seanchaisongs.com/
DeviantArt: http://teamgirl-differel.deviantart.com/
Goodreads: http://www.goodreads.com/Kevin_L_OBrien
Smashwords: https://www.smashwords.com/profile/view/biochemborg

Back to TOC

+++

Sample Excerpts

From "Barbarians R Us"

"Are you Rothgar the Reaver?"
The tall, massive woman watched the barbarian turn away from the counter of the open-air wine shop. He took a casual pose as he drained his goblet, and then wiped the palm of one hand across his clean-shaven chin. He stared hard at her with his ebony eyes.
"Who asks?" he growled in a deep and powerful bass voice.
"I am Medb hErenn." Her contralto voice was just as strong, but melodic. "These are Teehar'owan," she indicated the bird perched on her right shoulder; "Conaed, called Runt," nodding towards the Zoog crouched on her left shoulder; "and Cremedevoyageur of the feline messenger service." She indicated the young tomcat sitting at her feet.
He grunted, swatting at an errant fly. "Never heard of you, or your companions. What have you to do with me?"
"You have made a number of enemies in Ulthar."
The barbarian brushed aside a lock of blue-black hair that had fallen into his craggy face. "Should I care?"
"You owe Seidhloch the Moneylender two hundred and fifty silver tahlers, you wrecked three--no, four--taverns, you stole a purse of jewels and gold crowns from Scylla the Hetaira, you roughed up a number of guardsmen, you got drunk at The Laughing Cat and tried to assault Eibhlín Chron, then fled without paying your tab; I doubt I need to continue, those being just the highlights."
He hooked his thumbs into his metal-mesh belt. "And what does any of this have to do with you?"
"They asked me to collect damages from you."
He narrowed his eyes and stepped closer, until there was barely a dagger blade's width between them. "And do you believe you can do this?"
She gave him a cryptic smile. "Let us say they have well-placed confidence in my ability to accomplish these kinds of tasks."
He smiled coldly in return. "The fact that I was able to leave Ulthar, despite the number and severity of my exploits, should tell you that I will be difficult to get the better of." He reached up and ran the fingertips of his large and powerful hand along the line of her jaw. "Let me offer you an alternative. I shall be leaving in the morning. Come feast and drink with me today, then share my bed tonight. If you please me, I shall leave you a rich reward. You may then return to your friends and pay them off, and tell them any story you like." As he spoke, he dropped his hand down to her large, well-rounded bosom and grasped one of her breasts, squeezing the firm flesh.
She grinned at his audacity. "I am amused by your suggestion, for I intended to propose something similar. We shall have three challenges. If I win all three, you must accompany me back to Ulthar to make restitution. If, however, you win even just one, I shall let you have your way with me, and when I will return to Ulthar alone I will make restitution in your stead. Is that agreeable?"
He returned a predatory smirk. "It is. How shall we choose the contests?"
"You may select the first two, but I will choose the last."
He bellowed with laughter. "Agreed, and for the first test I choose a drinking contest."
She gestured with her free hand and nodded her head. "Lead the way."
And the barbarian trotted off down the street as she hung back to allow him to get ahead of her.
"I don't like this, Mistress," Teehar remarked. He was a crested, long-tailed bird the size of a jay, with gaudy red, blue, green, and gold plumage, and sharp scarlet eyes.
"Did you think this would be as easy as catching birds?"
"Mistress, please!"
She chuckled. "My apologies."
"Teehar is justified in his worry, Lady," advised Conaed. He was only half the normal size of his race, but his verdigris-speckled bronze coat was darker and his tarnished silver facial stripes were brighter than those of his brethren. His peat-brown eyes were huge compared to his face, and his nose was long and flexible, and festooned with wriggling pink tendrils at the tip. "Rothgar hath a reputation for being insatiable, whether it be food, drink, or women. Even with thy stamina, thee may not be able to best him."
"You should have more faith in my appetites, Runt." And she laughed.
"I have no doubts," Creme volunteered. He had a rangy stocky build, with a bronze-striped, fawn-colored, short-hair coat, a salmon-pink nose, and dust-blue eyes. "But my people have an old saying: trust in Bast, but keep your mice caged. I have already spoken with the cats of the village. They will keep an eye on this barbarian, and should he try to slip away, they will hunt him down and subdue him."
"I appreciate your common-sense precautions, but by dawn tomorrow Rothgar will be under my control."
She saw Rothgar vanish inside a tavern, and she hurried to catch up.
Find the story here: [https://www.smashwords.com/books/view/320600].

From "Masie's Mind"

When Eile came down the stairs into the basement, she found Sunny standing outside the door to the Mystery Room, staring at it. She had been doing that a lot lately.
The house they shared technically wasn't theirs. Medb had bought it to have a place to stay whenever she came to Denver, but she made her home in Cairnsford, halfway between Denver and Colorado Springs. However, they needed a safe place to live, what with Sunny's parents being in hiding, and the house not only had a sophisticated alarm system, it was located within a highly secure gated community. So she let them stay there, ostensibly as housesitters, but really as permanent residents. In the end, however, they couldn't really help thinking of it as their own place.
She allowed them to decorate it as they saw fit, and provided funds to pay for it. They claimed one of the two master bedrooms on the second floor as their own, while reserving the other for Medb whenever she was in town. They then converted the remaining two bedrooms into guest rooms. Beyond that, they pretty much left it as it was, even though Medb had told them that she didn't care if they gutted the place and put in monkey bars and hammocks, as long as they didn't go over budget. She did, however, make a number of modifications to the original plan to suit her own purposes. One was converting the garage into a library, since they didn't drive and thus did not own a car. She also converted the conservatory into a music room, and split the family room into a combined game and media room. However, most of her modifications were done in the basement. One corner was converted into a safe room, with armored walls, floor, and ceiling. Fully a third of the space was taken up by a utility room that contained equipment Eile didn't recognize or even know what it was for. Only one corner was for their own use, and they converted it into an exercise room, where Eile practiced boxing and Sunny did her aerobics. The remaining space was devoted to the Mystery Room.
At least, that's what Sunny called it. It was Medb's private workroom, and she kept it locked with a palm reader. Sunny was just dying to know what was in it, but whenever she broached the subject, Medb refused to say, the last time telling her in no uncertain terms that it was none of her business. That ended the questions, but not her curiosity, and whenever she could, she would go down and just stare at the door, as if she could somehow will it to open and discover its secrets.
"There you are!" Eile said. "I've been waitin' for ya for fifteen minutes!"
Sunny jumped. "What? Oh! Ha-ha, sorry!" They had decided to spend some quality in the jacuzzi tub in the master bathroom, playing a game of Roman Matron and Body Slave. She had gone down to get the wine; the safe room doubled as a wine cellar, since it was temperature controlled.
"Well, the grapes are getting warm, so hurry it up!"
"I'll be up in a minute." She looked back at the door.
Eile sighed in exasperation. "Will you give it a rest already? Yer never gonna find out what's in there, not until Medb decides ta tell us, and I doubt she ever will."
"Aren't you curious?"
"Well, yeah, sure, but I don't obsess over it. It's probably nothing anyway. I mean whaddya expect it ta be, a secret command and control room, or a sex dungeon with captives?"
"I don't know, but why keep it locked to us?"
"Why not? She's entitled to her privacy, and in this house, with you around, a locked room's probably the only way she can get it."
"Oh, hardy-har, very funny. Still, you may have a point. I mean, Medb respects our privacy."
"Damn right, Missy, so come on, I can't keep my motor revving forever, ya know."
Sunny giggled. Eile was still amazed at how the thought of sex turned her into a little girl, but then it seemed like lots of things could do that.
"Why do you spend so much time down here anyways?"
"I don't know; I guess I just have the feeling I could get in if I just knew the right way."
"Have you tried 'open sesame'?"
"It's not voice activated. It reads palms, see?" And she placed her hand over the glass-covered scanner.
"I was only kidding, ya ditz."
Sunny giggled again, but then the reader lit up as a laser flashed over her palm.
"Aaaah!" She leapt back. A moment later, the red light above the door turned green, there was an audible click, and the door unlatched and swung open into the darkened room.
"What did you do!?"
"Nothing!" she squealed in a panicky tone, but then she brightened. "But it worked!" And she started into the room.
"Gaaah!" Eile ran up and caught Sunny by the arm. "What are you doin'?!"
Sunny gave her a perplexed look. "Going in to take a look around. Duh!"
"Are you nuts? Medb doesn't want us going in there."
"But she must, otherwise she wouldn't have programmed the reader to recognize us."
For a moment, Eile didn't know how to answer that. It made sense, in a way. Then she shook her head. "It's gotta be a glitch of some kind. Come on, we'll call Medb and she'll get it fixed."
"But it can't hurt just to take a look around. Please? If we don't touch anything, what could go wrong?"
Plenty! Eile thought, but Sunny was right. What difference would a quick look see make? Besides, her curiosity was stronger than she let on.
"Aw, cripes. Alright, we'll take a look, but just for a few moments. Okay?"
Sunny smiled and crinkled her eyes. "Okay, partner!"
She stepped through first, and Eile followed. The light coming through the door wasn't strong enough to illuminate very far, but either the room was no bigger than a walk-in closet, or they were in a short corridor. Either way, they couldn't see anything.
"There's gotta be a wall switch around her somewhere," Eile muttered as she felt along the wall.
"I think I got it!"
Eile heard her flip a switch, and an overhead panel of lights came one.
The door also closed with a slam, and as they spun around in surprise, a gate closed across an opposite opening.
"Geezus, we're trapped!" Eile said.
"Identify yourselves," a feminine voice said over a loud speaker, but it wasn't Medb's.
"What the--?" But Eile was interrupted by a minigun popping out of the floor and pointing it's six barrels at them.
"Identify yourselves, please," the voice insisted.
"Geezus! I'm Eile and this is Sunny!"
The barrels started to spin.
"Full names, quickly!"
"Goddammit, Eile Chica and Sonne Hiver!"
At first nothing seemed to change and Eile was certain they were both dead, but the barrels stopped spinning and the gun dropped back into the floor.
"Stand by for verification."
A fan-shaped, blue-white laser passed over their bodies. Eile squinted and held up a hand to shield her eyes, but then it cut off.
"Identities confirmed: Chica, Eile Marelys; Hiver, Sonne Aourgen. Access granted." The gate in front of them opened and lights came on in what turned out to be a back room.
Eile relaxed; she realized she had been holding her breath, and she let it out.
Sunny turned to her and flashed a lopsided smile. "Marelys?"
"Yer one ta talk; what's the deal with Aourgen?"
"That was my Dad's Mom's name."
She felt embarrassed. "Oh. Sorry, I wasn't tryin' ta be a jerk. Marelys was my father's mother's name, too."
Sunny smiled. "It's okay, partner, I wasn't upset."
"Welcome, Team Girl!" the voice broke in. "Please, come in, I've been expecting you."
Find the story here: [https://www.smashwords.com/books/view/322119].

From "The Golden Mushroom"

By that time they had reached the spot indicated on the map. It was a boggy hollow, in area a little larger than a baseball field. Pools of debris and silt-filled water lay interspersed by mounds and ridges of soggy earth. The trees were small and thinner there, and more widely scattered, but the only other vegetation were thick mats of a ground-hugging herb.
Shadow sat on a rock waiting for them as she gazed into the hollow. The long, lean, smoky-gray cat looked up at them with her mint-green eyes as they came abreast of her. "This may be a little more difficult."
To Eile she sounded smugly satisfied. "What do you think?" she asked Sunny.
"It doesn't look too bad." But there was a hint of uncertainty in her tone. Eile couldn't blame her. While it wasn't going to be as easy as the other items, it looked simple enough: avoid the pools, stay on the land, and hope it was solid enough to support them. But it would make searching for the gilded toadstool all the more difficult.
"If only we knew where to look," Sunny added in frustration.
As if her words were a prayer, a shaft of sunlight dropped out of a break in the clouds and fell on the central mound. At its center an object winked and twinkled with a distinctive metallic sheen.
Though stunned, Eile felt suspicious too. "Alright, now that was just too convenient."
"Yeah, but what choice do we have?"
Sunny sounded nervous, but she was right. "None." She placed the pack on the ground. "You go first. Use yer bow ta test the ground ahead, make sure it's firm." She unsheathed her sword and held it at the ready. "I'll watch our backs. Okay?"
"Okay, partner!" She grinned, excitement shining in her eyes. "Team Girl laughs in the face of death as we brave the dangers of the bog of doom! Ha-ha-ha!"
Eile grimaced and pressed the fingers of her left hand into her forehead. "Just...be careful where you step, will ya? Shadow, you stay here."
"I'll be sure to tell Mayv where to scatter the flowers."
She gave the cat a dirty look. "Thanks a bunch."
"Don't mention it."
Sunny made her way to the closest ridge and started out over it, probing the earth with her bow before she took each step. Eile made sure she stepped into Sunny's footprints. At first the ground seemed quite firm, but after a couple of yards Sunny started to sink. For a moment her heart seized up as she expected Sunny to be sucked down out of sight, but she only sank to her ankles. The ground was getting softer, but the vegetation seemed able to hold it together.
"Ick!" Sunny squealed as she extracted her foot.
"Keep moving!" She sank as well, but fortunately no deeper despite her armor. Apparently the herb mat was strong enough to bear their weight without breaking.
Sunny took another step. "I hope I tied the laces tight enough. I don't want to be stuck out here without boots."
After nearly twelve Dream-months, Eile had gotten pretty good at estimating the passage of time without a watch. It was sort of like dead reckoning. By her calculation, it took them a total of forty-five minutes to reach the central mound. It was a nerve-wracking trip; with each step, she expected them to stumble into quicksand or fall through an unsuspected dirt bridge and sink into a deep bog hole. But they made it safely, and she figured the journey back would be faster.
Sunny lifted her skirt and examined her feet. They were covered in muck half-way up her shins. "Ugh. I'm gonna need to get new shoes after this." She then dropped the hem and looked around, while Eile looked with her.
The mound was no different from any of the others, except larger. It was covered by an herb mat, but in its center stood the Golden Mushroom. It resembled its name exactly: a standard toadstool stalk and cap, but metallic gold in color. In fact, it looked like it was made of real gold.
"Here." Sunny held out her bow, and she took it.
"We'll take the same route back." She watched Sunny put on her gloves and go up to the fungus.
"Right." She spoke in an absentminded fashion as she knelt down.
In the same moment, Eile felt something strange in the woods around them. The hairs on the nape of neck stood up as her skin crawled and turned to goose flesh. Raising her sword, she turned around in all directions, trying to identify it, but she saw nothing. But she heard it: muffled thunderclaps like the stamping of huge feet. Then she felt the ground tremble with the concussion shock. Something was coming, something huge, but she couldn't pinpoint from where.
She looked back at Sunny. She had heard and felt it too, and she stood slowly as she looked around.
"Sunny!" She tossed her the bow. She caught it and nocked an arrow, ready for whatever came.
The sounds grew steadily louder as the tremors intensified. Then Eile saw them: gigantic anthropoid figures striding around the perimeter of the hollow, just beyond the tree line. She tried to count them, but lost track as they crossed and recrossed each other's paths. They moved faster than she expected from their size. She looked for Shadow, but the cat was gone.
Before she could try to find her, one of the figures emerged into the hollow. It came at her with startling speed as it covered great distances with each enormous stride.
"Sweet Jesus!" She saw it clearly for the first time: it looked like a tree!
Sunny screamed. Eile whipped around in time to see a second tree-creature stalking off with her in one hand. She struggled, kicked, and pounded on the fingers, but it had her in an iron grip.
"Eile!! Help me!!!" The monster merged with the woods and vanished from sight.
"Sunnyyy!!!" She started off after her. The creature coming up behind her passed her in two massive strides, then turned and swung an arm at her. It caught her before she could dodge, picked her up, and threw her backwards in a high, long arch. She landed in one of the pools with a shocking splash. Terrified, she flailed about for some moments, desperately trying to stay afloat, when she realized she was already resting on the bottom. She sat up and wiped detritus away from her face as she sputtered to expel the foul tasting water from her mouth.
She looked around and found that the tree-monsters were gone.
"Shit!" She groped for her sword, and when she found it she stood up and ran back to the central mound, heedless to any danger. She gained the top and glanced around, looking for the spot where the one creature had taken Sunny into the woods, but she saw nothing to indicate where they had gone.
"Arrrgh, dammit, dammit, dammit!" she raged, as much from misery as wrath.
"Eile!"
She turned and saw Shadow standing on a farther mound.
"I know where they took Sunny. Follow me!"
She didn't argue. She charged off the mound and across a ridge, and followed the cat as it crossed the rest of the hollow and dashed into the woods. Eile ran as fast as she could push herself, relying on instinct to avoid roots and branches, and luck to avoid what her instincts couldn't detect. The scenery around her passed in a blur as her sight focused into tunnel vision and she became oblivious to everything except the chase and her desperate desire to find Sunny.
God, whoever or whatever you are in this place, please let her be safe. I can't live without her; I can't stand to lose her. Please, I beg of you, let me find her alive.
Find the story here: [https://www.smashwords.com/books/view/390773].

From "Oak Do Hate"

She ran back out to the cart and rode off; the source of the glow seemed to be just ahead. As she got closer her anxiety mounted, and in her imagination she saw all sorts of horrendous possibilities, each worse than the one before. What she finally did see, however, mystified her as she slowed the cart to a halt.
In the space of the park between the stables and the lake, on either side of the path, were trees, dozens of them, maybe even a hundred or more.
"There aren't supposed to be trees here." But they were the source of the glow. Each one emitted only a feeble light, but together they lit up the night sky, if only dimly.
She got out of the cart and walked among them, examining each with the torch. She realized they weren't actually trees, just trunks sunk into the ground, all between five and six feet tall, with two boughs raised into the air, but with no branches, and curiously no leaves. That early in autumn there should still have been some, even if they had turned color. Another puzzling feature: each had a strange, knobby growth, like a giant gall, at the top of the trunk between the boughs.
It doesn't make sense. Aelfraed hadn't told her about any landscaping being done, and she had been out riding a couple of days before and hadn't seen anything in that area. It would take longer than that to plant that many trees. On top of which, it would have been faster and more efficient to plant seedlings, but no gardener worth his salt would plant mature trees just before winter. And why cut off the boughs, or leave just two?
As she shined the torch around, she spotted a small reflection in the middle of one of the galls. She kept the beam steady on it as she approached.
What is that? When she reached the foot of the trunk, she found something embedded into the wood. She studied it in an intent manner, trying to divine what it was. When she finally recognized it, her heart seized as her blood ran cold, and she backed away from the tree.
"Oh my Holy God!"
It was a pair of pince-nez spectacles.
She played the light over the gall. The pattern of the bark was identical to the facial features of Aelfraed, except they were twisted into an expression of terror. She shined the light on another tree; that one had the features of Mrs. Widget, with her granny glasses embedded as well. Beside her was a squat tree that looked like Holt, and beside him one that resembled Phillipa Trumbo, the pastry chef. Another reminded her of Doc LeClerc. She ran around the grove; all the trees had human faces on them, most of which she recognized as members of her staff.
In her growing panic she accidently ran into one of them. As she stepped back, she illuminated the gall-face and felt a jolt: Vlad's countenance stared back at her in a blank manner. Despair washed over her and she reached out to lay a hand on the bark. She wouldn't have believed he would end like this.
{Neither would I, My Master, but I am not finished yet.}
At first startled, she broke out into a relieved grin. You're alive?!
{In a manner of speaking.}
What of the others? Aelfread, Mrs. Widget, Holt--
{They are more alive than I. They are just encased in prisons of wood, as I.}
She felt her irritation flare. Why didn't you reply back at the house!?
{I could not. My prison prevented me. Only through this physical contact are we able to converse, yet just barely. Soon even this will become impossible.}
Oh. My apologies.
{You need never apologize to me, Master. Do you beg forgiveness of a pistol or a sword? I am only a weapon, albeit a broken one at present.}
Never mind that now! Tell me what happened.
{I cannot be certain; I have never felt anything like this before. It was a summons that took control of my body. I was like a passenger riding a vehicle. I recognized what was happening, but I could not stop it. Nor was I alone. I could sense that everyone on the estate was under its influence. Once we had gathered in this place, we were encased in bark, as you see.}
But why?
{I can feel this spell, whatever its origin, changing my flesh, my organs, the very bones of my body, to wood, as my feet become roots and my fingers branches.}
You're turning into a tree?!
{So it would seem.}
Why wasn't I affected?
{I do not know. I have no knowledge of this magic. You felt nothing?}
Something woke me up, but after that, no.
{When was this?}
I'm not sure; maybe thirty minutes ago.
{That was about when I came under its influence.}
Do you know who or what is behind it?
{I...yes. The Spirit of the Oaks.}
I beg your pardon?
{An ancient--Master! Beware, you are in danger!}
She caught movement out of the corner of her right eye. Turning, she pulled the Beretta out of her jacket pocket, thumbed off the safety, and set it to semi-automatic as she scanned the area with the torch. She caught a glimpse of something slipping out of the cone of light. She sprinted towards it and pointed the torch into its path.
It was just another of the trunks. Disappointed and puzzled, she stopped and started to swing the light away, when she spotted its leafy crown.
No, it was a willow, like those on the shore of the lake. But how did it get there--
It turned and "faced" her.
Find the story here: [https://www.smashwords.com/books/view/344007].

From "A Deliberation of Morality"

A pop startled her, and when she opened her eyes and slipped her glasses back on she saw a small column of fire and smoke standing in the middle of the report she had been writing, accompanied by a deep, resonant bass organ chord. Alarmed, she half rose out of her chair when it disappeared. In its place stood a feminine anthropomorphic figure inside a ring of char. It was no more than six inches high, dressed in an erotic bodice with a cross in the cleavage lacings, a pair of belted panties, fishnet stockings, and stiletto-heeled shoes, with a garter on her left thigh, two more on her upper arms, and a spiked collar around her neck. The clothes were fiery red while the collar, belt, garters, and shoes were night-black, and the spikes, buckles, and cross coin-silver. It took her a moment to realize the tiny woman looked exactly like her, even down to the glasses, except for the two red horns sprouting from either side of her head, and the long, sinuous barbed tail that emerged from her backside.
She looked up at Differel with a sly, devilish expression as the aristocrat stood up, but as soon as she saw who it was, she jumped, a shocked look on her face.
"Good God!" Despite her size, her voice sounded normal, and identical to her own. "Whatever I did, it couldn't have been bad enough to deserve this!"
"Who, or what, the bloody hell are you!?" Differel leaned over the desk, her hands braced against the top.
Recovering quickly, the diminutive Differel gave her a look admonishing her not to be daft. "That should be obvious. I'm your shoulder devil."
"My...what?!"
The devil-doll sighed in frustration and shook her head. "Do you have a hearing problem? Shoul--der--de--vil!" 
"And just what is that supposed to be, exactly?"
She threw up her hands and looked towards the ceiling. "Oh for the love of Evil! How dense can you possibly be? I'm one of the two personifications that sit on your shoulders and offer advice on moral dilemmas. In my case, I personify temptation, and appeal to your selfish motivations."
Differel felt faint for a moment and resumed sitting. "I must be dreaming," she half-whispered, leaning forward. She held her head in her hands with her elbows resting on the desktop. "Yes, of course, I've fallen asleep over my work and I'm having a guilt-ridden nightmare."
"I wish!" The devilish-Differel sounded peeved as she placed her hands on her hips and turned away. "Being assigned to you is hardly what you would call a plum assignment. In fact, it's usually reserved either as a way to haze rookie tempters, or as a form of punishment."
Differel looked up and crossed her arms over the desk. "I beg your pardon?"
She spared her an exasperated glance over her shoulder. "Being a shoulder devil is an occupation, not a vocation. It's usually a devil's first job after graduating from the tempters training academy. However, it can be assigned to retirees who wish to keep their hands in the business, or to incompetents or malcontents as a way to teach them humility and the error of their ways. Haven't you ever read C. S. Lewis? The Screwtape Letters?"
That did seem rather familiar. "Alright, I see what you're getting at."
The devil-doll nodded her head and turned to face her again. "Finally! Now we can get down to business. Oh, by the way, the name's Differel Diabolique, but you can call me DeeDee. I prefer informality among friends."
Differel frowned. Her attitude was getting on her nerves. "Just a moment. If what you say is true, then there should be a 'shoulder angel', correct?"
"Exactly. She personifies your conscience and appeals to your altruistic motivations." 
"Shouldn't she be here as well?"
Her face split into silly grin. "Are you kidding? You don't need her, you're a bigger stiff than she is."
Differel felt her anger flare as she sat upright. "Now just a bloody minute--!"
DeeDee's own face turned fiery red as she became upset. "I meant it as a compliment! Jesus, but you have a temper. I told you, being assigned to you is considered onerous duty. Why do you suppose that is, huh? It's because you're such a straight-arrow no tempter has a chance of getting you to commit any kind of sin, no matter how insignificant. So why would you need a shoulder angel? You do her job better than she would. In fact, I hear being assigned to you is considered a rather cushy posting Upstairs. She's probably off somewhere working on her tan, the stuck-up little bitch! Me, I'll probably spend my time doing my nails. Big whoop."
Differel forced herself to relax. If she was having a dream, she should be able to control it, but she would have to be calm, and if she wasn't, getting mad still wouldn't help her situation.
"Hey." DeeDee broke into her thoughts. "Do you mind if I change into something more comfortable?"
Before Differel had a chance to respond, the devil-doll disappeared in a flash of fire and a puff a smoke. A larger column of smoke and flame sprang up in front of the desk, startling her, accompanied again by the organ note, now loud enough to shake the desk. DeeDee reappeared, full-sized, but otherwise no different. She stretched in a languid, almost provocative, manner, as if working the kinks out of the compacted muscles.
"Man, does that feel good! Being shoulder-size gets to be pretty confining after awhile."
Somehow, Differel found her larger size more disturbing, in more ways than one. "Are you sure this isn't a dream?"
DeeDee walked around the desk to her side. Differel reached under the top to grip her pistol, but didn't pull it when she leaned backwards against the edge. "If you don't believe me, call someone. If this is a dream, they'll see me, otherwise they won't."
She raised an eyebrow as she removed her hand. "I can call anyone?"
"Anybody you like."
She smirked. "Hmph. As you wish." And she sent out a familiar mental summons.
Vlad Drakulya emerged from the corner closest to the door. "You rang, My Master?" he said in his deep bass voice.
Find the story here: [https://www.smashwords.com/books/view/399503].

From "Disposable Commodities"

He laughed again and shook his head as he crossed the room to his desk. He dropped the messages on the blotter and took a moment to push down the upper panel of his window to get some fresh air, glancing down at the street twenty stories below. He then turned and opened the desk file drawer. Inside was a bottle of whiskey, half full, a thick-walled pewter bowl a foot across, and a crude ceramic jar stopped with a lead plug. He took out all three and set them on the desk. Pulling loose the plug, he poured a handful of grayish-green powdery salt into a glass from the wet bar and measured out a gram onto a slip of rice paper using a pharmacist's balance. He poured the unused dust back into the jar and replaced the plug before dumping the gram into the bowl. He walked into the middle of the room carrying the bowl and the whiskey bottle, set the bowl on the floor, and poured in a libation of the liquor. He sprinted back three feet as the contents began to fizz.
Within seconds, a column of fine mist rose into the air. It billowed and swirled, and took on a female form. As he watched, it coalesced into a solid object, then faded away, to reveal a nude, voluptuous woman with an hourglass figure and skin the color of bread crust. She stood as still as a statue for a few moments, her eyes closed, then she inhaled sharply and started to breath. She tilted her head back, raised her arms, and stretched her entire body, as if trying to reach the ceiling. She lowered her arms in a languid manner, bending her elbows, and ran her fingers through her billowing mane of fiery crimson hair. Still lowering her arms, she caressed the sides of her face and neck, her shoulders, and her voluminous breasts. It wasn't until she rested her palms on her hips that she relaxed and opened her eyes.
She stepped out of the bowl. "How long has it been this time?" Her voice was a low contralto, with a sultry burr that sounded like a purr.
"Three months, Lily my dear." He raised the whiskey bottle to his mouth.
She frowned and raised an eyebrow. "That's the longest yet."
He took a swig. "Not as long as when I first woke you up. What year were you processed again?"
"1912." Her voice sounded tight as he took another drink.
"And the first time I let you out was last year. So, ninety-five years. Get the picture?"
She gave him a look that could curdle milk. "What do you want this time?"
He took one last pull then recapped the bottle. "Most of it's routine, but I have a couple of new requests. First, I want to replace Lucy." He turned and went back to his desk to set the bottle down.
"Isn't she working out?"
Her snarky barb stung, but he ignored it. "She expects me to permanently resurrect her." He turned around.
"What ever gave her that idea?"
"I told her I knew how to do it, to get her to do what I wanted."
She scowled. "That was stupid. All you had to do was threaten to torture her, though you would have to do it at least once to make it credible."
"I'll keep that in mind. So, can it be done?"
"No."
"That's plain enough. So I'll need someone new for tomorrow. Who would you recommend?"
She smirked. "As I remember, you prefer them sweet, adorable, and naïve, true?"
He licked his lips. "Most definitely." 
"Then I suggest Helen; front row, third from the middle."
He looked over to his left. That entire wall was covered by a bookcase. In its center was a display cubicle with a glass front. Inside were three rows of ceramic jars, similar to Lily's, but only a third the size.
He glanced back at her. "Stacked?"
Lily favored him with a grinning leer. "Most definitely."
He went over and opened the front. "From the name, I assume she's a blonde."
"That she is."
He reached in and picked up the jar in question. "Why can't they be permanently resurrected?"
"The reconstituted body is held together by the salt matrix. The salts are vulnerable to oxidation, so the integrity of the matrix only lasts about a day. Once the body starts to break apart, it crumbles very easily. If you could seal her in an airtight vessel filled with helium, she would stay intact indefinitely; she doesn't need to breath. But that wouldn't do you any good. Of course, the more powder you use, the longer she would remain reconstituted, but the fewer times you could resurrect her."
He examined the jar as he returned to his desk. "I've always wondered why your jar is so much bigger than these others."
"That's because living tissue condenses that much smaller. Your grand-uncle poisoned me first; I still don't know how."
He snapped his head around and stared at her, his gut crawling. "They were alive when you...?"
"Of course. You need special procedures to process a dead body. Your uncle didn't know that and he almost botched my processing. I survived only because I hadn't been dead long enough to matter. It also helps if the subject is aware."
He felt the blood drain out of his face. "They're awake when you...process them?"
"At least for as long as it takes the chemicals to begin decomposing their bodies."
He glanced back at the jar in his hand. "Is it painful?"
"Excruciating. And they remember every moment."
He grunted as he placed the jar on his desk. "You sound like you enjoy their suffering."
She turned and walked over to the "casting" coach against the right wall. He had put it in against the day when he would have flesh and blood female clients; for the time being, it served as the platform for his daily antics with Lucy. She laid down, facing him, her head and shoulders propped up on the padded arm and one arm draped over the back.
"They're my servants; they're only purpose is to serve my needs; all my needs." She snapped her fingers and a cigar appeared in her mouth.
"Your slaves, you mean."
"I prefer to think of them as pets. In any event, I fail to see a distinction." She snapped her fingers again and the exposed end lit up.
"You don't believe they have any rights?"
She snapped her fingers a third time and a glass of liquor appeared in one hand. "Technically, they're dead. What rights does a dead man have?" She drained the glass, but as soon as she held it level, it refilled.
Find the story here: [https://www.smashwords.com/books/view/346270].

From "Youthful Indiscretion"

As soon as the block fully reassembled itself, the tolling stopped. Apprehension crept over Henry; he knew something was about to happen, he just didn't know what. Then the room began to grow dark. He looked around at the the lights. They didn't appear to grow dim; in fact, they seemed as bright as ever. Rather, the areas over which they cast their luminance shrank as the borders became more distinct and sharp. Beyond them, the room fell into shadow like it would at twilight when the sun had set but the sky was still bright.
In that moment They appeared in his room. It wasn't like how Vlad emerged from shadow, or the affect of Dr. Mabuse's transporter machine. Quite literally one moment the room was empty, and next five beings stood in its center. The thing he noted first was the stench. Though not overpowering, it was enough to turn his stomach, and yet overlaid was the scent of vanilla, which partially mitigated but could not completely cover their foul, rotten odor. At almost the same time he spotted the blue phosphorescent glow that surrounded them like a mist.
Their most horrific feature, however, was that each was deformed or mutilated in some hideous fashion. One was morbidly obese, with its face so swollen with fat that the wrinkles distorted and obscured its features. Another had a flap of skin covering its eyes while its disfigured mouth had the lips pulled back well away from its mouth and the teeth clattered together endlessly like it was chattering. The third was the size of child about his same age, but its flesh had been seared as if in a barbecue while its eyes stared out from their sockets without blinking. Number four looked like a teenage girl, and while bald was otherwise unmarked, except for a gaping wound in her throat held open by small hooks. They all wore clothing that looked like a combination of religious vestments and butchery garments, except they were made from black leather and vinyl. The robes exposed areas of skin on their chests and stomachs, and it was pierced and sliced and coated with fine powder, like talcum, or...ash? The garments themselves were sewn or hooked into the skin, as if that was needed to hold them in place, in the manner of buttons or zippers.
But the fifth and foremost, whom he took to be the leader, was the most compelling. He was hairless, with dead-white skin, and his face and scalp was etched in a grid of lines. At each intersection a large pin or small nail had been driven into the bone below. Unlike the others, who looked vacant or mindless, he seemed intelligent and aware. He stared at him with a sardonic half-smile, as if he alone knew a secret others would give their lives to know. It sent chills down his back even as he felt ill. Yet despite how repulsive they appeared, there was something about them that he found fascinating, even provocative. Even as he feared he would vomit at any moment, he felt enchanted by their presence, even a little bewitched.
But then the nail-headed one frowned, like he realized something was wrong. His companions moved towards the bed, he assumed with the intent to take him, but as they tried to go around their leader, he held up a hand.
"No, he did not summon us."
Summon!? He stared down at the block in horror. That's why it was in the vault! How could I be so stupid!
Vlad appeared in an explosion of shadow, in front of the bed between him and the monsters. "Run, Little Master!"
Whatever spell, psychological or psychic, that held him in that room broke, and his terror galvanized him. He ran for the door to the nurse's room, pulled it open, and made for the opposite side, which led into the nursery. From there he could access the secret stairwell and make his way down to his mother's office. She would protect him.
As he reached the other door, he heard the one to his bedroom slam shut.

Vlad moved to block the door to keep the Cenobites from following his Master's son, but he felt the one called Pinhead extend his power to push it closed.
"Vlad Tepes Drakulya." Pinhead regarded him with what appeared to be an arrogant expression. "Have you finally decided to surrender yourself to us?"
"No. My current existence still satisfies me."
"Then why do you interfere with our actions?"
"I defend the Van Helsing Bloodline. So long as I draw breath, no harm will come to those who possess it."
Pinhead sported a bored expression. "So be it." Even as he spoke, iron hooks at the end of heavy chains flew out of the walls, ceiling, and floor. The chains wrapped around Vlad's body, ensnaring him, as the hooks dug into his flesh, ripping through to the bones. They lifted him off the floor and spread-eagled his limbs even as they pulled him apart.
Through the haze of agony and blood he saw Pinhead scan the room in a slow manner, as if searching for something. "The one who summoned us is not here. Come, we must search for him." They turned as a group and headed for the hall door. As they passed through it, the chains dissolved into thin air and he dropped. Before he hit the ground, he transformed into shadow and flowed under the bed to reform. He had to do so quickly; he knew they would follow Henry for the time being, hoping he would lead them to their victim, and Henry would go to his mother.

Differel and the Girls were in the north stairwell, halfway between the first and ground floors, when her cell phone beeped. She paused and answered it.
"Differel here; report."
"Holt speaking. The Cenobites are in the grand hall, second floor, just outside the matriarch suite."
Too soon; she had hoped for more time. "Fall back. Do not engage; repeat, do not engage! Follow them for now, but keep your distance and do not interfere unless they threaten someone. Understood?"
"Yes, Mum."
"Keep me informed of their progress. What of my son?"
"He is not in his bedroom."
Her heart stuttered as her breath caught in throat. "Start a search for him immediately!"
"Right away, Mum. Holt out."
She passed the phone to Eile. "Take all reports from Holt."
"Sure thing, Diff."
"You want us to help with the search?" Sunny asked.
"Not yet. Stay with me for now."
They continued on. They got off at the ground floor, Differel used her pass card to open the security gate and the door to her office, and then she went to the room safe. She unlocked it and pulled it open with Eile's help. Sunny entered first and switched on the light; she and Eile followed and went to the weapons locker. She pressed a thumb against the reader and heard the metal doors unlock. Opening the cabinet, she removed and passed to Eile a British Army L128A1 semi-automatic shotgun with a bandolier of 12-gauge shells, followed by an FN AR-57 semi-automatic carbine which she passed to Sunny along with a bandolier of 50-round magazines, and finally a Parker Hale submachine gun with a 180-round drum magazine for herself.
While she waited for them to lock and load, she heard the kick panel that led to the secret stairwell open in the back. She aimed the PH as a box of files was moved aside, but relaxed when she saw Henry crawl through the shelves.
"What are you doing here?"
He stood up and sprinted over to her. "Five monsters appeared in my bedroom. Vlad told me to run, so I came down here to find you."
Her gut seized as the shilling dropped. The cube he mentioned; its description matched that of the Lament Configuration. He must have taken it and solved it! Bloody hell, I've been so stupid!
But she couldn't worry about that yet. She had to get him to safety.
She held out her hand. "Come on, let's get you out of here."
He took it and she led him out as the Girls followed. As she entered the office, however, she spotted the Cenobites standing just in front of the door.
Read the rest of the story [http://www.goodreads.com/story/show/336465-youthful-indiscretion].

Back to TOC
