
The Devil’s Dead
and More Tales

Marius Renos Dicomites


Copyright 2013 Marius Renos Dicomites
Smashwords Edition


Cover by Fantasia Frog Designs



Smashwords Edition, License Notes
This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. If you’re reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to Smashwords.com and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.

Table of contents
The Devil’s Dead
After the Apocalypse
The Undead
Home
The Dangerous Hours



The Devil’s Dead




What was the point of running?  
“He’s catching up.”
“Don’t stop – for God’s sake. Come on.”
For the good part of an hour, he had been pitilessly urging them on, shouting impatiently at them whenever they slowed down. But he was the first one to recoil and pause temporarily as they turned a corner - reluctant witnesses to another death;  on the opposite side of the road, a neighbour, Owen Brayson, being effortlessly lifted up against a store window by one of their indomitable attackers – a panic-stricken cry for help snuffed out as a bloated hand crushed his face inwards. Impulsively, Nathan raised a hand to shield Carol from the appalling sight. But it was too late. Shaking her head, pressing their baby against her chest, she clutched his arm,  urged him to keep moving. His friend, Greg, his face set into a grimace, deliberately directed his sight ahead of him and led them on. They were fighting for their lives. The other villagers had to fend for themselves.
From different directions, the screams of the dying resonated through the night air – more cries for help that would go unheeded. Everyone in the village was being hunted down. But what had they done to deserve this? Who wanted their deaths?
They had run through a church littered with dead bodies, but even now he couldn’t accept what was happening in the village he had grown up in. Not more than an hour ago he had been with Carol in the living-room, listening to the radio, getting ready for bed. Hearing a commotion in the street – a fight, they thought - he had been about to investigate, when Greg rushed into the room from the kitchen. On his way home from theirs, he realized what was happening and had come back to warn them. They didn’t  believe him at first, until he made them look out of the window – and they witnessed their first killing; right outside the house, someone who wasn’t quite human slitting a man’s throat with a serrated knife. 
They had been minutes away from being slaughtered themselves. Escaping through the kitchen into the garden, they listened to an uninvited visitor pounding his fists on the front door – and, far too soon, as they climbed over the neighbour’s fence into the garden, breaking into the house and hurtling through the rooms in their direction.  At the time they thought they had escaped, but they soon realized the whole village was under attack, and the intruder who had broken into their home didn’t have to stop at the house. 
He was still following them.
“He’s gaining on us,” Carol cried.
“We can’t keep running,” Greg insisted. With a tremor, he pulled himself back and turned to confront their pursuer, his hand shaking violently as he aimed his gun at the heavily-built figure. “Get out of here.” The words were said through clenched teeth. “I’ll slow the bastard down.”  
But Nathan couldn’t run; he knew what he had to do if Greg failed. They all stopped in the middle of the road. "Nathan, come on," Carol cried urgently, pulling at his arm. 
"Don't wait," Nathan shouted at Greg. "Now!"
He watched as his friend fired the gun repeatedly. Each bullet penetrated the man's chest; they could see the holes through the suit he was wearing. He should have been killed. Instead, he staggered backwards with the force of each shot, and, when the last  one was fired, lurched toward them again, twisting the knife in his hand in readiness.  
"Carol, get out of here," he ordered. He couldn’t look at her. He was afraid he would change his mind, and he wanted to change his mind. But he had to stay and give Carol a chance to get away with their baby. 
"Not without you," she pleaded. 
They were running out of time. "The baby," he screamed at her, his chest pounding. "You've got to save Alicia. Get away. Please, get away."
With a sob, she reached out and brushed the side of his face with her hand. And then she was gone. Greg threw the gun to the ground with frustration. They stood together.  Despite everything he had seen, part of him still hoped they could overpower the man. 
But there was the face.
The man was near enough for Nathan to discern every detail. An irreversible contamination was progressively consuming and mutilating the features from the inside. Sunken eyes shifted sluggishly in their sockets. Dark blood trickled from every opening. Distended flesh drooped  as if ready to slip free. Lacerations scarred the face; open wounds exposing glimpses of bone, threatening to split further as the man’s lips stretched into a grin smothered by blood from his gums and tongue.  
They had been standing there like lambs waiting for the slaughter, but it was better to attack first than wait – a decision simultaneously made in silence by both of them. Breathing heavily, shaking his head with disgust, Greg hurled himself shoulder-first at the man in an attempt to bring him down. As he staggered backwards, Nathan rushed forward and threw his white-knuckled fists across his head and face – the eyes with a desperate hope that it was his weakest point. He failed to notice the knife being swung across the air – an involuntary cry tore from his throat as he felt the metal slice across his scalp. Recoiling, reeling as the blood spilled over him, it took a moment to recover from the shock, and even then a sickness in his limbs caused him to stumble forward. 
But a lot had happened in the short time it had taken him to recover. He was too late to stop the man from reaching out and seizing hold of Greg’s neck – lifting his flailing body into the air and plunging the knife through the under part of his chin and, with a second thrust,  deeper up into his head.
 Nathan shuddered as his friend’s body went limp. A drawn-out moan escaped from his lips as the man turned his attention to him. His wound must have been deeper than he thought, because he could hardly stand – drained of strength, his legs were rubbery – he was ready to collapse. But he was resigned to this – even with the dread gnawing at his consciousness. The only thing that mattered was that Carol had been given time to escape. He had to believe she would make it; at this moment he needed to believe.   
Fighting for breath, he confronted the man, stared at the dead, squirming eyes. “Do  it," he choked, and lowered his head as he found he couldn’t stare at the face anymore - and shut his eyes as the man’s shadow stretched over the ground and lunged towards him. 




"It's all about the view!"
Kara suppressed a smile. Even out in the country, real estate agents sold properties as if their lives depended on it. She wondered how many more clichés Mr Prior would come out with before the "hard sale" was over. This was number three. 
But it was really was all about the view. The house was fine – there was hardly any work to do, but out in the garden, looking out across the fields beyond their fence – it couldn’t compare to the city;  a landscape unmarred by towering, unsightly buildings, streets teeming with noisy traffic, and restless, urgent souls jostling and shoving past with no real purpose, absorbed in their own worlds and deliberately indifferent to all else. 
Adrian placed his arm around her shoulder. From the big grin on his face, she could see he was tempted by the idyllic promise of the place as well. "What do you think?"
"It is beautiful," she admitted. "And the house has a lot of room - there's hardly any work to be done on it."
"We could move straight in," he suggested, oblivious to Mr Prior’s watchful eyes. 
"But," she went on forcibly, giving him a quick, warning look, "it's a new build. In fact, all the homes around here are new builds. I thought we wanted something with more character.”  
As if on cue, Mr Prior stepped forward, smiling. Plainly, it wasn’t the first time the observation had been made in his viewings, and he was well rehearsed. "There used to be another village here, but it fell into decline after the coalmines closed – would have been before the First World War. There were only hollowed ruins here six years ago – we couldn’t do much with them. We had to start from the beginning. I think it’s been a success. To think of all the wasted potential in this area – we’ve brought the village back to life.” 
“Who’s we?” she asked.
“My partners. When we found out about West Blackstone we thought it was ideal for property redevelopment.”
“You bought up the village?” Adrian said warily.    
"No, no," he laughed. “We’ll be gone after we’ve sold the remaining properties on our books. We did kick off the redevelopment in this area by buying up plots of land;  other property developers, even some of the relatives of people who used to live here – those who wouldn’t sell to us – moved in to take advantage of the opportunities as well.” 
 "How far is the nearest town?" Kara said, moving the subject on, turning now to the practicalities of living in the country. The smile returned to her lips as he stretched out his hands with an over-enthusiastic grin, ready to pull another rabbit out of the hat. 
"Only a ten minute drive," he announced. "Some stores in town also deliver. But we have some stores here as well, and I’m sure there’ll be more as the village grows.”
"Well, what do you think?” Adrian said. 
"It's an opportunity that might not come up again," Mr Prior warned, still grinning. 
“I do like the place,” she conceded.
Adrian kissed her cheek. "Do you need time to think about it?” 
The truth was she didn’t want Mr Prior to think his irritating sales talk had anything to do with their decision. Despite that, it was the perfect property in a perfect location. “No,” she answered. “Let’s buy it.” 
It was what he wanted to hear. He kissed her again, took her hand as he turned to Mr Prior, who was scarcely able to contain his excitement, his eyes roving over them both expectantly. “Mr Prior,” Adrian said, “we'll take it."




There was someone there with her. 
Blinded in the pitch black, she could only hear their quick, rasping breaths, seizures of agony. Indefinable, persuasive, the realization drove her scrambling blindly on her hands and knees to get away, grazing her skin against rough, uneven ground, her body quaking with a constant, piercing chill.  
Her head struck an obstruction at her side – in time, she choked a cry in her throat as she grasped what it was - the cracked, rough-hewn surface of a rock wall. Fumbling in the dark, she wound herself round and pressed her back up against the wall, folded her arms across her stomach and shrank into herself, listened as the presence scrabbled in different directions.   
It was searching for her. 
Holding her back to the wall, she worked her way alongside it as the presence continued its search, frantically groping for the entrance she convinced herself had to be there. Instead, the wall curved, broke away from the ceiling and sloped down the further she went, widened and stretched across the ground – taking a step back, she caught her foot in a gap. Stumbling, she pulled herself up.
But it was too late; she had given herself away.
Breaths reduced to suffocated gasps, the thing clambered in her direction. Meeting the same obstructions, it clawed at the stone with frustration. Unable to retreat, she kept still, praying it wouldn’t find her. But then two veined, blood-red eyes emerged from the dark in front of her; and a long, emaciated hand with protruding bones and cracked skin clutched hold of her neck and pulled her down. 
She screamed.
“Kara…?”
She sat bolt upright in bed, and exhaled with relief. 
"Another bad dream?" Adrian said sleepily beside her. 
"Sorry, did I wake you?" she apologised.
He placed his hand on her arm. "It's stress," he suggested. "There's a lot happening right now; you’re bound to be a little anxious. It'll be alright when we move into our new home."
"Yes," she agreed, unconvinced, only agreeing to reassure him.  
"Give it time. Go back to sleep."
"Yes," she repeated, and sat back against the headboard, and watched as he drifted off. The truth was she had tried to go back to sleep; the dream had simply continued where it left off. No, she didn’t want to return. She would wait until morning. 




They had spent so long fantasizing about and planning their move to the country that there were no obstacles, second thoughts or delays once the decision was made. There was nothing to stop them – how could there be when this was the realization of one of their life’s goals. They both threw their energy into ensuring the move went painlessly and quickly; and for the most part, despite minor traffic delays, sullen, foul-mouthed delivery men, and some broken crockery, they succeeded. The builders and decorators they hired completed the additional work they wanted on the house before the move.  When they got to the house they only had to unpack their possessions and decide the best place for them; and here, after working together so effectively, was where there were a surprising number of disagreements and eventual compromises between them.  
Their only neighbours were an elderly couple who lived out of sight, further down the road, and didn’t seem to be particularly interested in them. The other homes were scattered throughout the village. The heart of the village  - or the only place with any activity - was the square, which consisted of a general store, butchers, restaurant, café and pub.  There was also Mr Prior’s office; his base of operations until he sold his last house. Every time she saw him he was busy showing more prospective buyers around; with his salesman grin fixed on his face and constant chatter, he still had time to wave to her 
In attempts to dissuade them from the move, their well-meaning friends had warned them about the perils of country life; living in a small population out in the middle of nowhere. Supposedly, because there was nothing better to do, everyone spent most of their idle time snooping on and gossiping about their fellow inhabitants. But no prying villagers turned up at their door. They did receive some interested glances when they were out and about, but nothing more. And there were things to do. If the activities in the village weren’t sufficient, the neighbouring town was only a twenty minute drive. But it wasn’t what either of them wanted. They had known what to expect when they made their move: a quiet life. 
Of course it would have been foolish to expect everybody to be a model, considerate citizen; every village or town place had to have its fair share of eccentrics, anti-socials or busybodies, and as neither she or Adrian had made any effort to socialise, it wasn’t until she ventured into the general store instead of going to town that she had her first experience of them. 
“You’re new.”
It wasn’t a question; it was a statement delivered in a quiet, flat, monotone voice by the store owner; a thin woman with a smooth, expressionless face and lustreless eyes. On the opposite side of the counter, a man stood beside her with the same vacant look. They had the same build and height, and even wore the same thick-rimmed glasses – brother or sister, or individuals who had somehow discovered each other because of their likeness. 
Kara smiled at them. “Yes, only been here a month. My name’s – ”
“You moved here by yourself?”
The smile froze on her face. “Yes,” she answered evenly, “with my husband.”
“Children?”
“No, but we’re – ”
“Do you work?”
“I’m a graphic designer. I work from home. Sorry, I’m in a rush. Can I pay – ”
“What about your husband?”
“Journalist.” Her patience was wearing thin. Determined to finish the welcoming party’s interrogation, she pushed the items on the counter forward and took out her purse. 
“Why did you move?”
“What - ”
“Bloody hell, Vanessa, do you have to give all the new people the third degree?” a voice from behind her interrupted.
Flustered, Vanessa began to put the items through the till. “Just taking an interest, Rachel,” she said defensively. 
Stifling a laugh, Kara turned to face Rachel, who was wrapped up in a thick, parka coat, overlong scarf she had wound around her neck twice, and a chunky knitted hat- she caught glimpses of auburn hair tucked inside. Her face was half-concealed by the warm clothing, but nothing could hide the glittering eyes and wide, infectious smile.
Rachel winked discretely at her. “Well, let the poor woman settle in first,” she went on.
“Well, really, I didn’t mean anything by it,” Vanessa said defensively, nudging her companion to put the goods into a bag as she took Kara’s money and worked out the  change. 
“Of course you didn’t,” Rachel responded. She waited for Kara to take the change, and then grabbed her arm and led her away. “Well, we’re off for coffee. Bye.”  




Rachel and her boyfriend, Luke, had lived in West Blackstone for two and a half years. They were artists; Rachel was a painter, Luke a sculptor, and, though the rewards were intermittent, they made sufficient money from their work to get by. There were the basic utility bills to be paid, but living in the country was cheaper than the city. Both vegetarians, they managed to grow most of their food in a spacious garden, and made an additional living by selling their produce.  
Despite the overcast sky and the slight chill in the air, they decided to sit outside the café – the owners were gossip buddies with Vanessa and her husband (not her brother after all) and to be avoided. Apart from people passing by from time to time, there were builders working on a new shop on the opposite side of the road. The town was definitely the place to go to for any excitement, but neither of them had the inclination to make the journey. They were happy to stay where they were.
"Do you miss anything?" Rachel asked, leaning back in her chair, sipping at her coffee. 
"Convenience,” she answered honestly. “Having all the shops within walking distance. You take it for granted. It has been a little frustrating at times." 
"You’ll get used to it," Rachel promised. "You'll realize how dependant you were on things you didn't really need."
"I know you’re right,” she agreed. “Apart from that, we’re both happy we made the move. It was the right thing to do.”
Rachel smiled. 
“What?” she asked curiously.
“Sorry, I was just thinking of Prior. He’s a greedy little bastard, isn’t he? He won’t rest until he’s sold the last house on his books.”  
Kara laughed. “Fortunately he didn’t put us off.”
"Do it."
Sounding from the middle of the street, which a moment ago she had believed to be empty, the man’s voice arrested her attention; scarcely audible but distinct in the quiet around them, strained with tension, resonating in her hearing like a vibration in the air. Impulsively, with a vague thought that it had to be the builders, she glanced over in the direction of the voice. No, the street was empty, but another distinct sound crept into her hearing: fast, shallow breaths. 
“Do it.”
This time she shivered. There was nothing there in front of her, but her sight was rooted to the empty space in the road, and her heart pounded with the anticipation that something was about to happen – waiting with an overpowering sense of dread. There was nothing there, but her consciousness refused to be persuaded - and she had to stand as the breaths were abruptly cut off.  
"Kara?"
In an instant, whatever had been there – if anything had been there - was gone. "I'm sorry," she said hastily, flustered. All she could think about was that she had embarrassed herself in front of someone she had just met. “I thought I heard something. It was just my imagination."
"Are you sure you’re okay?" Rachel said, her brow furrowing. “You were so pale.” 
She smiled. "I'm fine," she answered. 
Unable to explain what happened, Kara moved the conversation onto another topic. But the incident had left an indelible impression on her mind; and even as she attempted to persuade herself nothing had happened, and chatted and laughed as if everything were back to normal, she couldn’t erase the other persistent emotion that had replaced the inexplicable fear.
Grief. 




This time she could see every detail. 
A feeble, self-contained light emanated from the creature’s gaunt, elongated countenance – the veins in the lidless eyes throbbed slightly but perceptibly as they twisted in their sockets. Her impression of the creature in her previous dreams had been accurate; an emaciated thing  with burnt fragmented skin, flaking in parts to expose a volatile flesh that erupted in spasms – nothing compared to the occasional convulsions that racked its entire frame and distorted its limbs into impossible positions. 
The creature was bleeding. There were open gashes on its body which appeared as though they had been inflicted by a weapon; a stumbling, clumsy thing – it was in excruciating pain. 
In the pitch black, a regular hollow pounding echoed down to them from the distance. The creature stiffened and bent its head back, as though it were listening; and then, writhing with another convulsion, it stretched its hand out to her, and screamed.
“Kara!”
Thrown from her sleep, she sat bolt upright in the bed. Uncomprehending, she held onto the crumpled sheets and watched as Adrian drew back from the window and swung round to her. His eyes searched her. “Didn’t you hear it?” he asked, trying to keep his voice level. 
Shaking her head, she pushed aside the bed sheets, and looked at Adrian again with surprise as she heard the pounding in her dream – an unnatural sound in the silence, vibrating, hollow, metallic, and relentless, thrusting itself impatiently against the front door, demanding to be let in.
“Who is it?” she hissed. 
“I don’t know who it is.” There was a catch in his voice as he spoke. “I called out, but they wouldn’t answer.” He snatched up his jeans and pulled them on. “Stay here. I’ll deal with it.”
 But her mind was made up. “No, I’m coming with you.” 
“Kara – ”
“I’m coming with you,” she repeated firmly. 
“Fine,” he snapped.
His face was set as he opened the door. Stepping out onto the landing, his first action was to  flip on the light switch – a pale light filled the air but left the corners and walls of the passage with an irremovable gloom. Without a word, they went together to the top of the staircase and stared down, waited for the pounding to stop before they went any further. But their uninvited visitor wasn’t going to stop until they were let in – the front door shook in its frame with each blow. It seemed inevitable they would eventually attempt to force their way into the house.
“Who’s there?” Adrian shouted. “What do you want?”
If the attempt had been to scare the visitor off, it failed. Instead, with an increased strength, the door was pushed against its frame as the pounding continued.
“We’ve called the police!”
“I’m going to call the police,” she said decisively. “What the hell are we waiting for?”
“They haven’t done anything yet.”  
“They’ve done enough,” she argued. “I’m not going to wait for them to break the - ”
Her voice was twisted into a cry as the door swung open with a bang, slamming against the wall. Startled, they both staggered backwards, ready to run.  
But there was nobody there. 
Breathing heavily, Adrian worked his way cautiously down the steps, his eyes glued to the door in case their visitor decided to return. When he shut the door and bolted it, he turned to her, puzzled. 
“What is it?” she pushed anxiously. 
“The door,” he answered quietly.  “There’s no damage to the door.”
She shook her head. “What?”
“If they forced the door,” he explained, “why isn’t there any damage?” 




“It doesn’t make any sense.”
Standing outside, buttoning her coat, Kara watched as Adrian stood in the doorway and ran his hand down the frame again. 
“Did we leave the door open?”
“No,” he breathed out, turning to examine the lock. “Why would they bang on the door if it was already open?” 
“Some youths playing a sick joke, maybe.”
“Nice welcoming party,” he muttered. He glanced at her. “Going into town?”  
“Rachel’s going to show me the older parts of the village,” she replied. “We might go into town later. Do you want anything?”
“No, it’s okay. I might go myself. I want to get bolts for the door.” He gripped the side of the door, as if testing its strength. “It just doesn’t make any sense.”




“We’re nearly there.”
Above their heads, sunshine glittered through the leaves as she followed Rachel through the dense cluster of tall, thin trees and thick underbrush of the forest. For most part of the journey there hadn’t been any discernible path or change in their view, or so it seemed to her, because  Rachel didn’t hesitate or pause once – somehow, she appeared to know where she was going.
They finally arrived at a narrow path, and she realized they were on the side of a steep hill; as well as being obscured by the trees, it had been masked by bushes and a thick profusion of vegetation. Treading carefully, they followed the path, which ran round the hillside, until they came to a manmade entrance – horizontal, not more than six feet in height - the iron gate that had guarded it hanging loosely inside, the hinges snapped off at the top. On the ground was a rusted sign with a faded “Keep Out” warning. 
“I can’t believe it’s there,” Kara said. “Can we go in?”
“It’s not safe,” Rachel replied, pointing to the supporting beams at the sides. The right beam leant inwards some inches at the top; the end of the overhead beam sloped down to the corner – a pressure was gradually pushing the beams out. 
“This is the coalmine, isn’t it?” Kara said. “How on earth did you find it?”
“Just by exploring.” 
Kara touched the beams. “To think this piece of the past has been erased. It’s a shame Prior hasn’t made any effort to bring back the history of the village.”
“I thought it was important to show you this,” Rachel said contemplatively. “The coalmine used to be the lifeblood for generations of families here – it should still be part of the village. We owe the past to remember.”
“Yes,” Kara agreed, peering into the impenetrable dark within. “It’ll be a good piece for a blog. We should tell people about it.”
Rachel smiled and touched her arm. “It’s good to have someone living here who feels the same as me. There’s one more place I want to show you.”      




The crumbling church stood against a cluster of trees; part of the roof had collapsed, and over the years the branches had gradually made their way inside. Fragments were missing from the stained glass windows, but they remained intact. As with the coalmine, the unchecked growth of the foliage had crept up around the church, and the graveyard adjacent to it, concealing the inscriptions on some of the headstones; in some cases, swallowing the headstones completely – erasing the past.    
“They didn’t move the bodies,” she said quietly, pushing on toward the graveyard and then stopping, not sure whether she wanted explore any further. 
“They probably didn’t want to disturb the graves,” Rachel replied. “Anyway, where would they have moved them to? The people who lived and died here have the right to stay in their final resting place.” 
“With nobody to grieve for them,” she said. “They’ve been forgotten. I’m not sure I would have been able to leave the ones I loved like this.”
“Let’s look at the church,” Rachel suggested, “The graveyard’s too depressing.”
They made their way to the entrance. The doors were missing. Entering, they surveyed the  heavy damage caused by the debris from the collapsed roof  - destroying parts of the altar and the pews that had been underneath, exposing the rest of the church to the gradual corrosion of the elements; evident in the discoloured, warped beams above the windows, and the loose and cracked bricks where the cave-in had occurred – a spreading disintegration. 
But then she noticed another detail when she looked beyond the damage; the paintings that still hung on the walls; the scattered prayer books; and the soiled coats left on the pews.  
“Something happened here,” she said, with a conviction she couldn’t quite understand.  
“The roof – ”
“No, I don’t think so,” she interrupted. Immersed in her surroundings, she stepped over the piles of debris and mould-infested books, and stopped in the centre of the church. “Something else. Look at how they left everything. They didn’t take anything with them. There’s coats on the pews. There’s  – ” 
Another detail drew her attention – long scratch marks on one of the pews. There couldn’t be any doubt that nails had marked the wood, as though someone had struggled to hold onto something as – what could have happened to make them cling onto anything they could find?
“The place is a mess,” Rachel remarked behind her.  “I’m sure vandals and vagrants have been in.” 
“But where did they come from?” Kara asked. “The village has been empty for years.”
“All these years, there must have been people travelling through who decided to explore the abandoned buildings.” 
 Her eyes fell on the tattered cloth on the altar. “Even if the church wasn’t being used, they would have left it like this,” she persisted.
“I’m sure there must have been a good reason.”
“I would love to know – ”
“Stop the bleeding.”
The voice penetrated the air with a palpable tremor – a woman’s voice, frantic, pleading for help. Startled, Kara took a step back, and stiffened as she realized the voice was coming from in front of the altar. The altar stood directly under the hole in the roof; there was only rubble - the area was unreachable. But there couldn’t be any confusion. 
There was more than a voice this time. 
They passed through the rubble as though it didn’t exist – human forms; transparent, faint,  colourless impressions of gleaming light – two on their knees crouched over a body – one of them with their hand clamped on its neck; and two more forms standing over them, looking down. 
“Do you see them?” she whispered, reaching out to Rachel as she turned – and recoiling as  another apparition ran through the entrance toward her, thrusting its shape and substance into her reality as it drew closer, solidifying into flesh – a man with a blood-stained face – as real as he could be as he collided with her and sent her stumbling back, her hands grasping at the air.
“They’re coming,” he shouted, and disappeared into the air. 
As she recovered her balance, other restless bodies swarmed in and constrained her - they wouldn’t stop pushing. There were lights on above her head. The roof was intact. There were no doors in the entrance, but she heard them crashing to the ground as they were forced open – and screams erupted throughout the church. 
Shuddering, she joined the others in retreating to the back of the church as inhuman figures entered, hulking shadows with misshapen limbs and indistinct, greyish features engrained in their faces. They were half-formed things, but they had enough substance to murder, working their way through the church and systematically killing everyone they came into contact with – seized by invisible hands, people slumped to the ground as they were mutilated or crushed. There were no discernible weapons but flesh was ruptured - the blood was everywhere. They weren’t going to stop. They weren’t going to -  
“No!”
She dropped to her knees, and jerked her head back with dread as a hand gripped her arm. 
“Kara, it’s okay.”
There was a palpable shift in her surroundings. With an exhalation of breath, she looked up at Rachel. A constant chill gnawed at her skin – she couldn’t stop shaking. The ruined church was back, but there was no relief – the memories of the bloodthirsty slaughter were raw in her mind. 
“You’re bleeding.”
Blood dripped from her hand; there was a slash across her palm. And then she remembered the last few seconds before the vision ended; when she had raised her hand to defend herself.
Against what?




“He’s not a happy customer.”
The distraction was a welcome relief from her thoughts. Rachel had to be referring to Prior. From outside the café, they were afforded a good view of his office. Keeping her head down, she took a sidelong glance across the road, where Prior was trying his best to mollify a grey-haired, bearded man, who refused to be mollified and jabbed a finger at the entrepreneur with frustration. Prior didn’t appear to be fazed by the stranger’s hostility. He had a fixed smile on his face and raised his hands as though trying to humour a madman – or sell another house.
“I wonder what he’s done.”  
“It’s strange,” Rachel remarked. “I’m sure he hasn’t cheated us with the sale of the house – at least, I hope he hasn’t - but I don’t trust him.”
The thought intrigued her. “Do you think he’s hiding something?”
“There’s nothing wrong with our house,” she said lightly, with a mild smile. “We live in a beautiful location.”
“But you think he’s hiding something?” Kara repeated.
“I wouldn’t be surprised.”
“Neither would I,” she admitted, and noticed her hand shaking as she raised her coffee cup. Frowning, she put the cup down and found herself staring at Prior and the stranger again.  
“Are you okay?”
“I’m sorry,” she apologised, returning her gaze to Rachel. “I haven’t been much company.”
“It might help to talk about what happened,” Rachel suggested. “Something did happen?”
“Yes,” she confessed. 
“You saw something?”
“I – ” Kara hesitated. She was going to embarrass herself. Nothing had actually happened – and Rachel hadn’t seen anything. It had to be her imagination. But she needed to tell someone – it was too much.
“Kara…?”
“I saw people being killed in the church,” she said, finally, relieved that it was out.  “I saw them fighting for their lives. But it’s not the first time. Something else happened – ”
“On the first day we met,” Rachel said knowingly. “Here in the street.”
“Yes,” she said eagerly. “But it doesn’t make any sense – obviously none of it happened. I haven’t been well lately. I haven’t been sleeping properly.  I’ve been having strange dreams.  The move must have taken more out of me than I thought, or maybe I wasn’t ready for all of this – it’s a major change in our lives.”
“What if what happened wasn’t your imagination?” Rachel suggested. 
Kara stared at her with disbelief. “What do you mean – ghosts?”
“You don’t believe in them?”
“But you didn’t see anything.” 
“Maybe you’re more sensitive,” Rachel replied. “I remember reading that traumatic events can leave their impressions in the environment – like records waiting to be played. Some are more sensitive to these impressions than others.”
“Are you saying I witnessed an event in the past? I don’t want to think about that,” she said hastily.  
“I think we should do some research on the village.”
“No.”
“Isn’t it better to know?”
Kara suppressed a shiver. “I’m not sure,” she said honestly, remembering the half-formed shadows in the church, and the helpless people they slaughtered before her eyes. “I’m really not sure.”



Where was it?
There had to be an end to the nightmares – she didn’t want to see its face, not alone in the dark. If she could keep her eyes closed – no matter what happened, keep her eyes closed – 
Kara’s body went rigid as the creature brushed against her shoulder; but she couldn’t stifle a moan as its hand swept across her face – and it reached out and grasped her arm, scraping her skin with its skin, digging its nails into her flesh, pulling her onto her knees. Squirming with revulsion, she struck out blindly, and was about to claw at its hand to force it to release her, when other sounds crept in around them, 
There were more of them.  
They were hunting, shifting in all directions like a pack of rabid animals as they searched -  feet kicking the ground, hands scraping stone, rocks tumbling as they crashed recklessly into the walls. They knew she was there – they weren’t going to give up until they found her.
But there weren’t more creatures. These were people. Standing close to her, only feet away, their hoarse, guttural whispers reverberated off the walls, undoubtedly human yet incoherent. With a sudden realization, she resisted the impulse to call out for help; their secrecy unsettled her. They had no means of light – they wouldn’t leave themselves so vulnerable if they were searching for the creature; and they wouldn’t be so calm - there weren’t any signs of urgency or caution in their actions.
Kara bit deep into her lip as one of them dropped to the ground beside her – she could hear him breathing fast and hard, and then between pauses in his breath, liquid dripping profusely onto the rock.  He was close – at the end of her arm, it seemed. But what was he doing there? He had to know the creature was in front of him. He had to -   
Her heart thumped in her chest as the outline of a figure emerged from the darkness in front of her. Twisting her head to the side, she made out the flickering glow from a light in the near distance; on a straight line, as though passing through a tunnel, it was drawing steadily closer. Soon there would be nowhere to hide. It was only a matter of time before she was exposed.  
Using her whole body, Kara made another effort to loosen herself from the creature’s grasp. It responded by strengthening its grip, cutting off the circulation – its nails pierced her skin. A  spasm of pain shot through her arm but she knew she couldn’t cry out – they would hear her; and she could only watch as more vague, restless shadows crawled out of the receding dark.  
There were ten of them. They were on their knees, clustered together around the creature – stooped over its body, holding onto it with trembling arms, their heads bent down at strange angles.
Kara winced and screwed her eyes shut as the creature twisted her arm and threw her back, pinioning her to the ground while the rest of its body convulsed and thrashed in all directions – it was being lifted into the air. 
But what were they doing? They had to know she was there – she was only a few feet away. Soon they would turn her attention to her. Even with her eyes shut, she could see the darkness was lifting. She had to open her eyes to look. She had to know what was happening.
Inside an open, circular space, a diffused light flickered constantly between dark and light – over malformed faces which, in their own way, were worse than the creature’s – sunken eyes squirming back and forth in their sockets; white lesions with swollen or loose-hanging flesh – some open and exposing bone; mouths drawn back over teeth that had been bent and pushed out of place.   
They clung steadfastly onto the creature as it squirmed frantically to free itself. Some of the men held knives, and they worked the points and edges purposely into the creature’s skin and flesh – the others clamped their mouths over the wounds as they gushed blood and fed with a nauseating hunger. Convulsing with agony, the creature jerked at her arm again, and this time they both screamed. 
Her scream jolted her from her sleep; she heard it as she sat bolt upright in bed, covered in a cold sweat. "Enough," she breathed out, grasping the bed sheets and flinging them to the side. “I've had enough."
"Kara, are you okay?" 
She tried not to move away as he touched her arm. "Yes," she said, without looking at him. 
“Are you sure?”
“Yes.”
“Try and get back to sleep.”
“I will. I'm just going to get some water."
Nodding, his eyes half closed, he rolled over onto his side, and was asleep again before she got out of bed. She didn’t even stop to put on her robe. Leaving the room, she switched on the light on the landing, and shook with relief as the light dispelled the thick gloom around her. 
But she had no intention of going back to sleep, not with the dream waiting for her to return so it could reach its conclusion. It couldn’t go on. There had to be something she could do or take to suppress the nightmares, and she wasn’t going to sleep again until she found out what it was. 
It was only two o’clock.
She went down into the kitchen and busied herself with making coffee, thinking about tasks she had to take care of later in the day, seeing Rachel, work she had to do the following week – anything normal to occupy her thoughts; but every thought turned and went down the same path, to a dark place where men with blood-stained faces fed on a creature that couldn’t exist. 
Television. 
Taking her coffee, she went into the living-room, and, turning on the light, wondered if she were still dreaming, scarcely conscious of the cup slipping from her hand, the coffee scalding  her leg. 
There was someone in the room. 
It was a woman. She stood stock-still at the window looking out into the garden, her hands pressed against the glass, her shoulders leaning forward as though she were straining to catch sight of something. Her hair was tied back. In the cold, she wore a thin, cotton dress, and she was bare-footed. 
 The intruder should have heard her enter the room, but made no effort to acknowledge her; an apathy that subdued her initial surprise and the subsequent apprehension, and provoked an anger in her instead. 
"What are you doing in my house?" she demanded, stepping forward. 
"There's someone out there," the woman answered, deliberately keeping her voice low, her  eyes fixed steadfastly on the outside. 
“How did you get in?”
“Can’t you see him?”
Ready for the slightest movement from the intruder, she threw her sight beyond the window and searched for anything out of place. The branches of the trees beyond the fence at the back of the garden swayed and stretched against a bruised sky. At ground level shadows smothered or blurred  the detail - one object conjoining with another, no longer individual parts. Despite the indistinctness, she was certain she would have detected someone in the garden – even as a shadow.
“You’re mistaken,” she said evenly, “there’s no one there.”
“He’s coming,” the woman persisted, with a catch in her voice. 
“Is someone after you? Do you want me to call the police?”
“He’s going to get in.”
Kara frowned. “I told you, there’s no one there – no one.” She crossed the room and joined the woman at her side. “If you need help, I’ll see what I can do, but this is my house – I want you out. I’ll give you five minutes.”
The woman’s hands trembled against the glass. “We have to hide.”
Whether the stalking danger the woman perceived was real or imaginary, it was palpable in her mind and the fear was genuine. Impulsively, she peered out into the garden a second time, strained to catch a movement – a waiting presence - in the thicker shades. There was nothing. The woman’s apprehension was infectious, that was all. 
“I’m going to call the police now,” Kara said, stepping back as she speculated whether the intruder was unbalanced or on drugs. “You had better leave.”
"We’ve got to hide," the woman screamed, and clutched hold of her arm before she had the chance to move away. In that instant, emerging from the darkness, appearing to take shape as it drew nearer, a man's face pressed up against the window - a sickeningly familiar face, with sunken eyes and bruised flesh. The woman dragged her back as shards of glass exploded into the room. Losing her balance, Kara stumbled back - her arm was caught painfully behind her shoulder as she struck the floor. The woman released her and shrank into a corner of the room as another shower of glass fell over them, and the man climbed through, holding a knife with a jagged edge. Crying out, Kara leapt to her feet - and found herself staring at an empty room. 
The intruders were gone. The window was intact. It was as though none of it had happened. But something had happened. She was wide awake – there was her cup of coffee on the floor – her arm was still bruised. It wasn’t a dream or her imagination.
"What's happening to me?" she said aloud, afraid to look at the window in case the man’s face appeared again. "What's happening to me?"




“You don’t believe me.”
To his credit, he had listened patiently, standing there with his arms folded and his back to the living-room window, not once tempted to look out into the garden when she came to last night’s incident; instead, averting his eyes, restraining himself from saying anything, waiting for her to reach the end. 
“You’ve been under a lot of stress recently.” 
Her eyes roved over him. “What has that got to do with it?” 
“You had a nightmare last night, didn’t you?” he went on, keeping his voice level.
“Yes – ”
“Just before your hallucination.”
“The nightmare had nothing to do with it.”
He raised his hand. “I’m just trying to understand this.”
“You’re saying I imagined what happened,” she refuted. 
“Your mind was probably in a suggestible state after your nightmare. Isn’t it a possibility?” 
“No.”
“Why not?”
“I didn’t have nightmares the other times,” she answered. “There’s nothing wrong with my mind. I can distinguish between reality and fantasy, and I know something happened here.”
“Do you honestly believe the whole village is haunted?”
“I didn’t say that,” she cried with frustration.
“Do you regret moving here?”
The question took her by surprise. “Why would you ask that?” 
“I wonder whether you’re looking for reasons to leave,” he said, studying her. “It might all be subconscious. Are you happy here?”
Kara shook her head. “Okay, yes, at the moment I’m not sure we made the right decision,” she admitted. “But that’s because of what’s happening.”
He came forward and placed his hand on her shoulder. “Maybe you should see someone.”
“I expected more from you,” she responded, pulling back.
“I’m trying to help.”
They both looked away as the doorbell rang. “It’s Rachel,” she said quietly, and left the room.




He didn’t want people to know.
The truth dawned on her when he brushed aside Rachel’s offer to come back another time – standing at the door, she had picked up on the strain between them and hesitated. Pretending nothing was wrong, they moved onto trivial conversation with fixed smiles and laughter – he was on his way out, so it wasn’t for long.   
There were no intimate goodbyes between them before he got into the car. Kara looked at Rachel as he drove away. “Adrian thinks there’s something wrong with me,” she confided, unable to hide her disappointment. “He wants me to get help.”
Rachel took her hand and squeezed it. “It’ll be okay. All this doesn’t fit into his world. He needs proof.”
“Proof,” Kara choked out, struggling to breathe. “The only proof we have is what I’ve seen – what no one else has seen.”
Rachel smiled. “You’re wrong,” she said. “I’ve got a few ideas.”




“There are others places to look.”
Watching Rachel type on the computer keyboard, Kara placed their coffees on the desk and sat down beside her. When Rachel had suggested doing research, her first thought had been a library, not on the computer in her home office. 
“Just because the old village has been erased,” Rachel went on, “it doesn’t mean there’s no historical records of the place, or a record of what happened to those poor people you saw die – we have to keep looking until we find something.”
Kara studied the screen. “Online newspaper archives?”
“The records on here go back to the early 19th century,” Rachel commented. “But of course we’ll only have information considered newsworthy.” 
She leaned back awkwardly in her chair. “I’m not sure this is a good idea.”
“Well, what’s the alternative?” Rachel didn’t look round; her eyes were fixed on the screen, scanning one page after another. “If you do nothing, the hauntings aren’t going to stop, Kara – you know that.”
“Yes,” she answered reluctantly, thinking it might be good if they didn’t find anything now. If it was in her mind, it could be treated, and everything would be fine – they could keep their normal lives in their perfect home –
“Actress, Mary Forester, from West Blackstone,” Rachel read. “Never heard of her – wait, here’s something about the coal mine closing. It stopped being profitable – closed in 1938.”
An unwelcome thought came to her. “Prior said the village died when the coalmine closed,” she said. 
“Yes, that’s what he said,” Rachel responded. “I’m beginning to wonder now.”
Kara regarded her curiously. “What do you – ”
“I’ve found something,” Rachel cried, slamming her hand down on the desk.
Kara leant closer and stared at the screen. Surprisingly, it was a small piece, but it was there – the truth was there in front of her:

Police are investigating a number of killings and disappearances in the village of West Blackstone which they believe took place in the early hours of Tuesday evening. The killings have been described as ‘senseless and horrific’ by Newbury police. A search is underway for survivors. 

“Strange, that’s the only reference,” Rachel said. “It’s not even in a national newspaper. An entire village is attacked and it hardly gets a mention – how can that be?” She paused. “Kara, are you okay?”
“Then the whole village is haunted,” she said, remembering Adrian’s accusation. But it was accurate – the deaths had happened, and the confirmation she been hesitant to unearth sent an ice-cold tremor through her, then something else. “He knew,” she exhaled breathlessly, with a sudden realization. “He knew.”
Rachel frowned. “What do you mean?”
“Prior,” she cried. “That bastard knew about this when he sold us the house. He must have done his research on the place before he bought up the land – he knew and he didn’t tell us.”
“Yes,” Rachel answered simply, lowering her head.
Standing, clenching her fists at her sides, her sight was drawn back to the screen to read the  words again. “He’s going to tell us everything,” she said steadily. “We’re going to make him tell us everything.” 




"Why did you lie to us?"
There wasn’t a trace of a reaction. He couldn’t have failed to recognise she was upset when she entered the office with Rachel, yet the artificial smile remained rigid on his face. But this was his way of dealing with complaints, she comprehended, staring down at him as he busied himself with the papers on his desk; the feigned innocence was a ploy to hide behind and give him more time. 
“A pleasure to see you both,” he said cheerfully, choosing to ignore the accusation. “I hope you’re enjoying your homes.”
She had no intention of playing his game. “Why didn’t you tell us people were killed here?” she demanded. 
His brow creased. “Where did you hear that – has someone been talking? I really wouldn’t give credence to any confused  stories about what may or may not have happened in the past – it’s just someone trying to cause trouble.”
“We read about it in a newspaper,” Rachel answered, watching him carefully. “We know it happened. Who else knows?”
Still smiling, he glanced down at his desk. “Another village in another time – why should it matter to you? I don’t understand why you’re so keen to rake over the past. Leave it alone.”
“We had a right to know people died in our homes,” Kara insisted. “You should have told us.”
“Not in your homes,” he corrected her. “You’re both living in new builds.”
“But you built over the old homes, didn’t you?” 
“There was hardly anything left of the old village,” he said. “I still don’t understand  – ”
“There are things happening here,” she yelled at him with frustration. “Do you realize what you’ve done?”
“What have I done?” he asked calmly. He eyed her expectantly. “What’s wrong with your home?”
“We’ve….” Kara faltered. Said out loud, the whole thing seemed ridiculous. But what else could she say? “We’ve seen…things,” she went on. “The people who died here.”
He laughed. “I’m sorry – not very professional of me, but – well what are you saying? Are we talking about ghosts - you’ve seen ghosts?”
“I don’t care whether you believe me or not,” Kara said thickly. “The fact is you lied to us. You must have known what happened here when you sold us the house. We could sue you.”
The smile faded. “You could try,” he responded, blunt now. “I doubt you’d get very far.”
“And we’re going to tell everyone else in the village.”
“Go ahead.”  His eyes narrowed on her. “It appears to me you’re the only ones who have a problem with your homes – there’s been no complaints from anyone else. Okay, people died here, and that’s tragic. But it happened a long time ago. What is there to gain from dredging it all up?” 
“I don’t want to live on a graveyard,” Kara answered, “and you don’t have the right to erase the past.”
“I didn’t erase anything,” he said.  “That was done long before I got here. The village was gone. The people who lived in it were dead. No one cared then – why should you care now? The whole thing’s better off buried.”
“What about the disappearances?”
She hadn’t heard anyone enter the office. She turned. It was the man she had seen arguing with Prior in the street the other week. Whatever his grievance, it was clear the matter hadn’t been resolved; there was a stiffness in his face as he approached and stepped between her and Rachel - and not the slightest acknowledgement of their presence; his attention was solely on Prior. 
“I didn’t expect to see you again, Matthew,” Prior said, sighing as he sank back in his chair. “Come to join the lynch mob?”
“What about the people who’ve disappeared since the massacre?” the stranger went on. “I bet you haven’t mentioned that to any of your clients, have you? Anything to make the sale. If anything happens – ”
“Get into the real world, Matthew,”  Prior interrupted. “There’s crime everywhere – these things happen, even in the countryside. The disappearances around here have nothing to do with what happened.”
“You don’t give a damn, do you?” the stranger said, leaning forward, his hands resting on the desk. “You don’t have the right to sell property here.”
“That’s where you’re wrong,” Prior responded. “You may have not wanted to sell your land – your choice – but plenty of other people jumped at the chance.”
“I’m not going to let this go.”
Her curiosity compelled her to speak now. “Who are you?”
He righted himself and turned to her, and she caught a flicker of unease in his eyes. “I’m one of the survivors.”    




“I hope you don’t mind us talking here,” Matthew said, putting their drinks down. “I always need a whisky after meeting Prior.” 
Kara did mind. The pub was surprisingly busy. After the days’ events, the constant chatter and intermittent bursts of laughter from the other customers set her on edge. But she nodded and smiled, and waited until he had gulped down some of his drink before she spoke. 
“It’s good of you to talk to us.”
He took a deep breath. “Well, someone owes you the truth,” he said. “You’re not going to get anything out of that bastard Prior. He could have told you everything if he wanted to.”
“Yes,” Kara said, “he’s been selective with the truth. I don’t think we would have moved here if we had known what happened. He should have told us.” 
“Bad for business,” he spat out. 
There was a pause. There were many questions, but one she couldn’t bring herself to ask – it had been on her mind since they met.  
“You want to know how I survived?”
“Yes,” she answered tentatively. “I’m sorry. I know it must be difficult.”
“It’s fine. I can talk about it now,” he reassured her. “A lot of years have gone by.” He took another swig of his drink.  “I was only ten at the time. It’s strange…but when I dream about it it’s as though I’m reliving the experience in the now – always running for my life. Does that make sense?” 
Kara nodded. “Were you the only one to survive?”
“There were nine survivors,” he answered, averting his eyes momentarily. “We were lucky to get out. Some of the things I saw that night.”
I know what you saw, she thought, suppressing a shiver as she remembered the killings in the church.
“We were asleep – me and my mother and father - when we heard the screams and cries for help. We couldn’t fathom where they were coming from at first – in the distance, in the street outside, the house next door – it took a moment to realize they were coming from everywhere – something was happening in the village. My father took a look out of the bedroom window. I can still see the stark fear in his eyes when he stepped away – no, stumbled back – from the window. He tried to hide it from us, but he wouldn’t stop shaking.  He insisted we stay in the bedroom and lock the door while he went downstairs to call for help and barricade the doors and windows. 
“He didn’t get the chance. A few minutes later we heard the front door being broken in, and then we heard my father scream.” Matthew’s hand trembled as he went for his glass again – it was empty. He gestured to one of the staff for another; as he waited, he went on. “We could hear someone moving around downstairs, but we knew it wasn’t my father – if you had heard him scream. My mother threw open the window and looked out to make sure it was safe.  It was a good few feet from the ground, but there was no other way. She held onto my arms and told me to climb out. I didn’t want to go. I pleaded with her. I was in tears. But she got angry. She said I had to do it for my father. Still crying, I got out. She kissed me on the forehead and held onto me, lowered me as far as she could from the window, and then released me.
I rolled with my fall – just a few cuts and bruises. I looked up to the window and called out to her to come down – and I saw a hand grab her by the neck and pull her back.”
His eyes glistened with tears. He quickly wiped them away as his drink came. Recollecting himself, he continued. “I ran. That was all I could do. I didn’t even know where I was going. I stayed on the main roads until I saw a poor man being dragged out of his house by the arm. His throat was bleeding at the side, and he had other wounds on his head and arms. He was shrieking for help as he struggled to break free – until the bastard who had him slit his throat again. After that, I kept to side roads and the backs of gardens – and, half hidden, I watched more people being slaughtered, and I caught glimpses of the deformed faces of the men who wanted us dead.
“There was no safe place. I thought I could hide in a field but I came across a woman with a baby. She must have had the same idea, but one of the killers had seen her and was following. She pleaded with me to take the baby. She was going to give us time to get away. I obeyed, and I didn’t look back when she screamed.
She did give us time. When I came to the river, I climbed in. At the side of the river bed, I kept my head and the baby a few inches above the water, and I stayed there until morning – until I heard the police calling out and I knew everything was okay.”
“God,” Rachel breathed, staring down at the table. “How – how many people?”
“Four hundred and twenty people were either found dead or went missing,” he answered. “I suppose we were lucky. The coal mine had been closed for a while - many people had moved away; there was nothing left for them. The truth is the village was dead before that night.”
“So many,” Kara said with disbelief, “and it received a few lines in a newspaper. Why?”
“We were on the verge of war. The authorities felt that the public would make a connection between the massacre and our enemies; it would be bad for public morale, and they couldn’t allow that.” 
“Are you sure it wasn’t an enemy attack?”
“Yes,” he said, and hesitated as he deliberated whether to go further. But there was more – she knew there was more. 
“Who were they?” she pleaded.  
He couldn’t meet her eyes, but he answered. “Two youths playing near the mine followed a trail of blood leading out from the entrance and discovered a wild beast they couldn’t identify – it was badly wounded but somehow it had managed to break through the entrance and crawl out. Whatever the beast was, it required eleven men to go out there to contain it, even though it was supposed to be half dead.”
“What – ” The rest of the words were stifled in her throat. He didn’t notice her trying to ask her question, or her hand shaking against her glass and almost knocking it over. Straining for breath, she seized her wrist with her other hand and held it tight on her lap as he continued.
“The men who went out there denied the existence of the animal afterwards – they claimed  it was a wild cat. But others had seen the creature before the men got to it, and they insisted, even when they were ridiculed, that it was unlike any beast they had seen before; that it was  silent but the men spoke to it – actually spoke to the thing; the same men who attempted to wipe out the village.”
The tremor in her arm swelled out and shook violently at the rest of her body – she couldn’t stop shaking. The voices surged up around her – jarring, incoherent – dispersing her thoughts from her mind. But she had to ask another question – she had to know everything, everything there was to know.
“What about the disappearances?”  she asked him, and the answer came in his expression – the flicker of fear she had seen before. “You think they’re alive,” she said. “God, you think – you think they’re still alive?”
“Yes,” he answered, meeting her eyes this time. “Why do you think I’ve been trying to stop   that fool Prior? Over the past few years there’s been too many disappearances in this area and the nearby town to dismiss as coincidence. The men I saw that night weren’t human anymore – their faces were malformed by some sickness, and they couldn’t be stopped by any weapon. I know they’re still out there. They’re not dead,” he insisted. “They’re not dead.”  




"Why aren't you listening to me?”
For the second time, they were at an impasse. When she finally came home Kara recounted everything – it was the proof he needed to believe her, or so she thought. But she was wrong. Honesty didn’t matter. He refused to go any further than the substance of his ordinary world; anything he couldn’t see, touch or hear for himself had no place in his reality and no amount of talking would change that. 
In the living-room, it was her turn to stand at the window. Adrian slumped back in his chair and took a sharp intake of breath. “I don’t know what you want from me,” he responded.  
Her patience was gone. “I want you to wake up. I don’t understand what more you need to accept something’s wrong here. The fact is hundreds of people were murdered by ten men – you can’t change that – it happened. It explains what I’ve seen – or is it easier to believe I’ve gone insane?”
“Yes, okay, it happened,” he conceded grudgingly. “It was an appalling tragedy, yes, okay. But it doesn’t mean we have to pack up and leave. The past is littered with tragedies – in the city you’re so keen to move back to as well. We’re here now and we have the right to get on with our lives.”
“No,” she yelled, “we don’t have the right. “If those men are still alive – ”
“Listen to yourself,” Adrian interrupted angrily. “If they’re still alive they’re probably too frail to do any harm, and they’re definitely not here anymore – how could they be?”
“The disappearances – ”
“The last one was a year ago, wasn’t it? Two backpackers who probably got lost and had an accident. When was the one before that? Another year? An elderly couple killed by burglars. Everything that’s happened can be explained. They weren’t abducted by zombies.”
“I don’t know what they are, but this has something to do with the creature they found,” she explained cautiously, watching his reaction. “Somehow it altered them.”
“The creature in your dream?” he returned. 
“Yes.”
“You’re conjuring demons,” he said, shaking his head. “If you’re unhappy here, be honest – all this bloody rubbish about – ”
“I don’t know why I bothered to tell you,” she retorted. “You can’t think much of me to just dismiss everything so easily.”
“I’m trying to help you.”
“No, you’re not.”  
He stood and faced her. “I’m trying to help you,” he repeated, grasping her arm.
She shook herself free and averted her eyes. "Then listen before it’s too late. I’m sorry but what you think doesn’t change a thing. I know something’s happening here, and I'm not sure we can stop it. We shouldn’t have come to this place -  I know that now. Whatever happened in the past is still here; it's been waiting all this time. We've woken it up, and it knows we're here."
"But nothing's happened," he argued. "Nothing at all."
"I think it will," she said breathlessly. "It's just a matter of time. I think it will." 




There wasn’t enough space.
With an exhalation of breath, Prior leant forward and peered through the windscreen as the thick-leaved, overhanging trees which lined the edges of the road shifted perceptibly inwards,  merged overhead and threatened to collapse under their weight and crush him inside the car – or so it appeared, but the trees had been allowed to grow wild – something would have to be done about them. 
It didn’t help that it was night and the only source of light came from the car – a smothered light exposing just metres ahead on a winding road with little space – and the thought almost caused him to stop the car as he imagined the blind progress of another vehicle hurtling in the opposite direction toward him. 
“Damn it,” he cursed, slamming his hand down on the steering wheel. “Bloody place.”
The time to leave the quaint little village of West Blackstone couldn’t come soon enough as far as he was concerned. He couldn’t understand how anyone could give up the conveniences of the city – public transport, the wide range of retail stores, decent internet and mobile phone access, cinemas and restaurants – for a slow, backward life in the middle of nowhere. God, he was sick of the scenery, and the tediously slow place; and he was sick of the dull, sedate lives of the inhabitants.
The road widened. The car lurched forward as he increased the speed. 
Maybe it was time to leave and hire someone else to sell off the remaining properties. There weren’t many left anyway. He had done most of the work and made him and his partners a lot of money – it was time to let go and start enjoying the wealth he had earned. He deserved –
In time, Prior slowed the car as he caught sight of a lone figure at the side of the road ahead of him. As he passed them by, he glanced sideways to take a look, and grimaced with disgust and confusion as a face with distended flesh and sunken eyes gazed back at him. Uneasily, he turned his attention to the rear view mirror. The man was standing there staring after his car. 
“For God’s sake,” he muttered, returning his attention ahead of him – and a rasping cry was torn from his throat as another figure sprang out of the trees; startled, staggering back as they heard the car approaching, but instead of retreating, attempting to cross the road. He slammed the brakes down, but it was too late – they were too close. The car struck the man at his side – his head snapped back and his limbs were twisted behind him as he was thrown into the trees. Screeching, the car swerved a full circle before it came to a stop just inches away from a tree. 
Shoulders hunched, hands glued to the steering wheel, he rocked himself back and forth as he debated his next move. He didn’t want to get out. There were no witnesses – he could start the car and drive on before anyone arrived on the scene – pray there were no clues they could use to track him down. But the man had been thrown back – maybe, yes, maybe he was okay. It would be better to know. Damn it, he didn’t need this hanging over him; he had to find out.  If the man was okay, then fine, he would pay him off and forget about the whole incident; but if he was dead, he would get in the car and drive away, keep his head down until it was over. It wasn’t his fault. The stupid bastard had run out onto the road. He wasn’t going to go down for something that wasn’t his fault.  
Labouring for breath, he threw open the door and climbed out of the car, craned his neck as his eyes scanned his surroundings – and located the sprawled form of his victim face down in between two trees. Glancing hastily around him, satisfied he was alone, he rushed to the body and fell to his knees in front of it - and had to steady himself as a rancid stench of decay stung his nostrils. But it couldn’t be the body, not in such a short time. "Don't be dead," he pleaded, seizing the man’s shoulder and turning him over – and snatched his hands back as he noticed the source of the stench; in the man’s face, yellow, discoloured, skin, protrusions of flesh like malignant growths, and bloodless, open wounds exposing bone. He was already dead. But he had seen the man run out in front of him. What the hell was going on? God, was there another body?
“Just get away,” he hissed, frowning as he noticed the man’s clothes - a creased, frayed suit smothered with dust. “Just get away.” 
Scrambling to his feet, he turned, and found himself staring up at the stranger he had passed on the road, and up at a countenance, he realized, that was too similar to the one behind him. He hadn’t imagined the eyes. Sunken, lined with a grey film, they squirmed in their sockets.
“Stay away,” he warned, stretching out his hand.  “Stay – ”
A rustling in the bushes behind him. He didn’t want to turn his back on the threat in front of him – a moment’s hesitation that left him helpless as ice-cold hands locked around his throat, constricting his windpipe and suffocating his breath as they increased their pressure, crushing bone as they lifted him kicking into the air, clawing futilely at the hands, throwing his weight forward in an attempt to wrench himself free. 
His efforts became more frantic as the man in front of him reached out with a jagged knife. But again the harm came from behind. He couldn’t even scream as his attacker sank his teeth  deep into the side of his face, purposely ripping away flesh, gnawing into the bone – a mouth burying itself into the wound to draw in the blood. Convulsing with shock, he didn’t even see the man in front of him thrusting the knife into his chest and immediately driving it down to his abdomen. 
Lifeless, Prior’s body slipped to the ground. His attackers dropped to their knees and began to feed.



They all came to see. 
The vehicle was towed pass their home in the morning, followed by two police cars. Seeing everything from the front garden, she went into the house and called out to Adrian as she put on her coat. But he had seen it from the bedroom window, and he was right behind her as she rushed out of the door. 
The sight drew the attention of the other villagers. In the peace and quiet of the village, this was an intrusion – an unwelcome reminder that nowhere was safe, and they came out of their houses and followed the slow-moving vehicles, conversing with each other in subdued voices – some huddled together and their heads lowered like mourners in a funeral procession.
The villagers gathered around the vehicles as they came to a stop in the village square, and watched as police officers got out, and a tall, lanky man in plainclothes, with a frown set into his features, proceeded to throw out orders to the officers with brusque gestures, making not the least effort to moderate his ill temper as he threw out orders to the compliant officers.  
Kara recognised the towed car; she had seen it outside Prior’s office enough times. Without a word to Adrian, she pushed through the crowd until she was close enough to inspect the car. The fender was dented. There were dark red stains over the front. This was the confirmation – an indisputable manifestation from the past had finally reached out into their waking world to make itself known to them.  
"They are here," she said, her voice sinking to a whisper before she finished, as though she were afraid they would hear her. But it was real - the murderers in her visions and nightmares  were more than phantoms now, and she couldn’t rid herself the sensation that they were there with them - watching, listening, waiting. 
"Kara, no,” Adrian warned, standing at her side. “I know what you think this is. Please, let’s not jump to conclusions."
"What else is it then?" she argued, turning on him. “For God’s sake, Adrian, you can see the truth for yourself now.”
"All I see is a car that’s been in an accident," he answered steadily.
“The blood – ”
“He could have hit an animal.” 
"So where is he? He wouldn’t have just abandoned his car.”
“How do you know?” Adrian countered. “Maybe the car was stuck somewhere and he had no choice. Maybe he got into a fight with a dissatisfied customer – maybe they killed him”
“You’re not taking this seriously.”
“My point is,” he said firmly, “is that anything could have happened – you don’t know the facts yet.” 
 “I know what I need to know,” she said through clenched teeth, and a decision was made in her mind. “I’m going to say something.”
"Kara, no," he pleaded. But she wasn’t listening. Her concentration was on the man she had seen issuing orders, and, swearing, he could only follow as she made her way toward him.   
"Officer," she called out, and realized she had made a mistake. A flash of anger crossed his face as he swung round to face her.
"Detective Inspector," he corrected her, with a restrained glance at his officers.  "Detective Inspector Richard Thomson."
"I’m sorry," she said hastily. "Did something happen to Steve Prior?"
His eyes narrowed on her. "What's your relationship with Steve Prior, Miss...?"
"I'm Kara Lewis," she replied. "This is my husband, Adrian. We bought our house from Mr Prior." She pointed to the front of the car. “Those are bloodstains, aren’t they?”
"We’ve still got tests to do,” he said irritably. “Please let us do the detective work. We'll try and keep everyone in the village updated." 
And then he turned his back to them. 
Her face reddened. "There’s stuff you don’t know,” she went on, keeping her voice steady. “I think it’s in your interest to listen to me.” 
It was enough to get his attention. He turned around. “Well, what do you know that might be of help?” 
“Do you know about the other disappearances in the town and village?”
"Yes, I do," he answered, thoughtfully. "Why?"
"Don't you think there might be a connection?"
He shook his head. "I'm afraid that's a wild assumption. They all took place under different circumstances. There have also been significant gaps of time between each incident."   
"There might also be other disappearances you don't know about," she argued. "Don’t you think it’s worth investigating?"
"Why?" he said bluntly. "Tell me why you think there’s a connection.”
She paused. As she deliberated how to tell him, Adrian grasped her arm. “Don’t – ”
“Do you know about the villagers before us – the massacre?”
“Yes,” he said, with a trace of a smile on his lips. “I can assure you that what happened here has nothing to do – ”
“It has everything to do with it,” she broke in, unable to control her anger. “Don’t you see? The men who committed the murders are still alive.”
There might have been a better way to tell him, but it was too late. His face tensed. “We’re busy, you know. Please don’t waste police time with this nonsense. We’ll be making door to door enquiries if we need any more information. Goodbye.” 
“Please,” she pleaded.
But Thomson had already moved as far from her as he could, and, keeping his distance, he deliberately avoided eye contact as he continued to issue orders to his officers. 
“What did you think was going to happen?" Adrian said quietly, after they had stood there for a moment. 
Her heart was thudding in her chest. Involuntarily, catching her breath, she stared down at the blood on Prior’s car again, and the significance of her failure sank in – another massacre waiting to happen.
"What am I supposed to do?” she cried, suddenly. “Stand back and wait for more people to die to prove I’m right? 
"I don't understand how you can be so sure there's more to this," he said honestly. "It seems to me you're seeing demons where there aren't any - you want so much to believe they exist."
"Is that what you think? If I could show you..." Her voice faltered with a sudden realization, an incongruous thought that refused to leave. But if there was a chance – if it would give him the proof he needed. "If I could show you, you'd believe me," she said, finally, still absorbing the idea in her mind. "You'd have to believe me."
His eyes widened. "How on earth are you going to do that?"
"I'm going to raise the dead for you." 



It was past two. If it was going to happen, it was going to be soon. 
Standing at the back of the living-room, waiting in silence, watching the window where the apparition of the woman had appeared, with the lights switched off, they were like strangers, intruders in their own home. But since she discovered the truth she had ceased to think of the  place as their home. The house had never really belonged to them – it belonged to the woman who had lived and died on the land before them. The truth was the whole village had become a graveyard for the people who been murdered. Unless things were put right, there would be no peace for the living or the dead. 
There had to be a pattern to the haunting – she was depending on it. What was it Rachel had said, that traumatic events could leave impressions on their environment – recordings waiting to be replayed – waiting for a trigger, a sensitive, or simply waiting for the time of the event – an echo from the past playing itself out repeatedly, with or without witnesses, unable to stop.    
"Kara, nothing’s going to happen,” Adrian said, checking his watch and leaning back onto the wall. “I can’t believe I let you persuade me to do this. This is a waste of time.” 
Kara opened her mouth to answer, and stiffened as the temperature inside the room dropped steeply. “Wait,” she urged, overcoming the compulsion to keep silent, her voice wavering. “I think she’s – ”
He gripped her shoulder as a semi-transparent shadow-form, with the barest impression of a face – melted eyes and strands connecting the upper and lower parts lips of its mouth - glided into the room and toward the window. As it moved, the entire room – the colour and patterns on the walls, every object and piece of furniture – reeled backward and forward between their own possessions and a stranger's, passing intangibly and swapping places for a fraction of a second. When the apparition stopped in front of the window the room settled and returned to normal. But the apparition itself was undergoing a metamorphosis – liquefying as it squirmed in every direction, erupting with self-contained bursts of light which tore parts of it open, and eventually suffused its entire form, rapidly subsiding to leave the presence of the woman. 
Glancing nervously over her shoulder, the woman’s eyes searched the room, but swept over them as if they weren’t there. Then something else absorbed her attention. With a judder, she pressed the palms of her hands on the window and leaned forward, stared out into the garden. 
"How can she be there?" Adrian whispered. He let go of her, and, with his head tilted to the side, reached out and took a step toward the woman. 
"Stay away from her," Kara cautioned. "If she’s here, he’ll be coming soon." 
He had forgotten the other intruder. Drawing back, he swung around, ashen-faced, his eyes blazing. "He's coming, isn't he?" His voice was hoarse. "What do we do? We can’t stay here.” 
"He can’t hurt us," she insisted. "All of this is part of the past – it’s already happened."
“But not with us in it,” he countered. “Are you sure he can’t hurt us? This feels too real. We need to get away.”
"He can't hurt us," she repeated. “Just stay calm.”
“How can I stay calm? Look, you’ve made your point – I believe you. Let’s just get – ”
“No,” Kara cried. “I won’t go.” She pointed at the woman. “We can’t run away from this,” she went on steadily. “This is our chance to learn more. You have to let me do this. We’re running out of time.”
He remained unconvinced, but nodded shakily. “Hurry.” 
With her sight fixed steadfastly on the woman, trying not to look past her to search for the intruder outside, Kara took a step forward. “Who are you?” she called out. “Please, you have to talk to us.”
There was no answer, but her nails scraped against the glass and she bent her head closer – her eyes were following something outside. 
“Do you know you’re dead?” Kara went on. “Do you know what happened to you?  What do you remember?”
A heavy thud close to the window sent the woman stumbling back, her hands stretched out in front of her. Catching her balance, she turned around, her eyes dilated and staring at them – an acknowledgement overridden by an escalating fear which shook her body uncontrollably. 
“You know what’s out there,” Kara said urgently. “You tried to warn me last time. “Those men – they slaughtered most of the people in the village – you died as well. None of you have been able to find peace since then. Can you tell us what’s happening here? Are those men still out there? Do you know where they are?” 
She had her attention now. Straining to breathe, listening, the woman took a deliberate step toward her.  
"If you’re aware of us, you must be able to tell us something," Kara begged. "Please, we’re running out of time."
"Kara," Adrian shouted.
Emerging from the darkness, the man’s malformed face appeared at the window. They saw his fist coming forward, but there was no time to get away before the window was smashed – glass exploded into the room, showering them with shards, stinging and slicing into the skin,  as real as anything could be. 
“Kara,” Adrian called out again. 
They reached out to each other – another shower of glass separated them, threw them back.  Adrian made another attempt to reach her, and it was then the woman, standing and watching in all the confusion – an inexplicable action that should have registered as a warning – lunged at her with a drawn-out cry, clutched her shoulders and thrust her back toward the window as the man climbed into the room. 
The past couldn't hurt them. 
Defiantly, her mind held onto the belief as the man struck her across the head with his fist. The force of the blow sent her stumbling backward to the ground. Head reeling, she struggled to lift herself up – in time to see Adrian rushing at the man before she could stop him. He was  thrown against the wall. His eyes rolled back in his head as he lost consciousness and sank to the ground. 
The woman had escaped; she had left them to die in her place. Baring his teeth in a grin, the man reached down and clutched her arm, lifted her up just inches and clenched his other hand into a fist. Despite the taste of blood in her mouth, as she looked up into the ruined eyes, she  still couldn’t accept it was happening, that an echo from the past was capable of hurting them. 
His fist came down. 



There was blood in her eyes. 
The blood spilled from the wound on her scalp, shifting and blurring her sight intermittently  – dripping profusely, it left a trail as the ground, constantly changing, rushed by beneath her.
It took a moment to realize what was happening. She was over the man’s shoulder - his arm was clinched around her waist, and as he pressed on heavily and tirelessly to their destination, her efforts to move were overcome by a wave of nausea which drained and incapacitated her limbs. 
They came onto a road. With her sight on the ground, there were glimpses of mutilated and bloodied bodies – and then they passed a man sobbing on his knees, pleading for his life until his throat was slit open.     
From everywhere, there were cries for help or mercy – relentless death screams which were cut off abruptly. Turning her head sideways, she saw a woman with a baby keeping inside the shadows of the buildings, disappearing into a side road, and she remembered the woman who had given Matthew – Matthew the boy - her baby to save.
An involuntarily moan escaped from her lips as they passed another dead body. One of the murderers was on his knees in front of it, ripping open a wound in the stomach with his hands and bending down to feed on the flesh.     
Their recklessness had brought the murderers to the village - people were being slaughtered and it was their fault. But, no, it couldn’t be – everything about it jarred in her consciousness. This was the old village - the window displays in the shops didn’t belong to the present – and the people’s clothes. This was the past, and it wasn’t her abduction. The woman had changed places with her and made her a witness to the massacre – it was happening again so she could see. 
They left the village behind. The cries and screams went on, and she heard them even when they had made some distance  – as the man continued on the same road, out in the open, with no one else to disturb him. But there had to be a destination; if there wasn’t, she wouldn’t be alive.    
 Abruptly, he went off the road, and proceeded to work his way through a maze of thin trees and thick underbrush. But it wasn’t unknown terrain; parts of her surroundings were familiar.
She knew where they were going. 
On the familiar narrow path, on the side of the steep hill, he made his way round the hillside until he came to the entrance to the coalmine. The gate was wide open, secured to the hinges, and on it hung the “Keep Out” sign; the same worn sign she had seen discarded on the ground in the present. 
He stooped down and carried her into the pitch-black tunnels. Footfalls in the near distance  echoed back to them, and then screams which ended abruptly – a moment which pumped the  adrenalin through her body and galvanized her into action, because she knew what waited for her. Squirming against his grip, she groped blindly in the dark until she found the back of his neck, and scraped her nails repeatedly against his skin, and then his scalp, and then pulled at his hair – anything to break his concentration, make him loosen his grip – a chance to escape.  But her frantic efforts had no discernible effect; if he felt any pain, he refused to acknowledge it. 
Ahead, the commotion in the mine grew steadily louder – shoes scraped against the ground, dull thumps reverberated around the walls – a subdued sobbing was muffled into silence. The man slowed his pace, and then the hidden sounds were all around them, shifting continually, with an inexplicable purpose, in every direction.  
And then her abductor stopped.
Without warning, he released her and threw her forward. Tumbling blindly, she raised her arms to her face; rolling across the ground, something sharp pierced the side of her leg – she pulled herself free with a stifled scream, and scrambled on her hands and knees in search of a safe place. But after only a few feet her hand reached out over the unmistakeable shape of a face. It was drenched in liquid. The mouth was opened too wide. Part of its neck was missing.
Kara shrank back in convulsions, and froze as a dull light in the distance advanced towards her, followed by another, and then another; with their approach, suffusing and lightening the details in her surroundings, uncovering a place that shouldn’t have been familiar but was – it was the place she had visited in her nightmares; a rock-hewn, large, circular open space with a tunnel ahead, feeding the light, and a tunnel on either side of her.   
But there was more.
Around the circle, bodies were piled up on top of each other against the walls like carcasses in an abattoir. Some had their wrists and ankles tied together with thick cord; there were flesh wounds where they had struggled against their restraints – like her, they had been alive when they had been brought into the coalmine. Studying the corpses, she noticed they had sustained  different types of injuries, but every one of them had their throat slit – a systematic method of death. 
But death wasn’t the end here. The repellent marks of mutilation went further than lacerated flesh and deep gashes inflicted by weapons. There were other cavernous wounds that couldn’t have been caused by any kind of weapon – far too crude and with unmistakeable impressions.  The flesh had been gnawed - in some cases, to the bone. The dead were food for the wolves. 
Although fluctuating, the light now occupied every space. Their hands dripping with blood, the abductors carried or dragged their victims to the walls of the confined space to add to the stockpile of bodies. Bile rose to her throat as she caught sight of a man’s hand twitching; she hadn’t expected any of them to be alive. But his arm was half severed from his shoulder, and he was bleeding profusely. He was as good as dead. 
There couldn’t be much time left – soon it would be her turn. The only reason she was alive was because they were certain she would just sit and wait until it was her turn to die. But she had to do something. Her only chance of escape was through one of the other tunnels – it had to be now. 
Kara dropped her head but kept her eyes steadfastly upwards on her abductors as she swung her legs to the side and dragged herself, a few inches at a time, into the direction of the tunnel to her right. But she couldn’t stay down on the ground; she had to make a run for it. Straining her muscles with the effort, she leapt onto her feet – and bit into her tongue to cut off a cry as a hand clutched her ankle and pulled her back. Impulsively, she attempted to kick herself free – until she realized someone else could still be alive; afraid to speak, reaching out for help the  only way they knew how. With a shudder, she sank back onto the ground and looked down.
There was nothing remotely human about the body in front of her; ravaged with hunger, an emaciated cadaverous being with burnt fragmented skin and flesh that erupted with spasms – a squirming thing bound with rope around its arms and chest, and around its knees. Helpless, erratic in its efforts to break free from the restraints, a dull glimmer in its blood-red eyes, yet repulsive, still the crawling thing in her nightmares – it belonged here hidden in the darkness. It didn’t deserve to be free. 
She kicked her leg back. Restricted in its movements, the creature couldn’t sustain its grip – its hand slipped away and fell to its side. Pulling herself up, she reached again for the tunnel. But it was too late. From behind, a shadow stretched past her, and, before she could respond, a sharp object struck the back of her head – the force threw her forward and brought her back onto her knees. 
I’m not going to plead, came the thought, as her vision shifted out of focus and she wanted to retch with the effort to bring herself up – as she was thrust against the ground, bringing her  side by side with the creature, and the edge of a knife slid across her neck and stayed there in readiness. 
And then came other thoughts.
The creature’s mouth was closing and opening, but there were no audible sounds. It was in her head – a relentless incoherent stream of alien thoughts, palpable intrusions flooding into her consciousness and imploding – a connection that brought the taste of warm blood to her mouth; a comprehension, a startling moment of comprehension, before the edge of the knife entered her throat.
"Kara!"
Adrian’s voice. Her eyes started open. Standing over her, he stooped down and reached out. But the sensation of the knife lingered on her skin – she didn’t want to be touched. Scrabbling to her feet, she shook her head and recoiled from him, held herself as her eyes swept the room to ensure they were alone – there were no murderers who refused to stay in the past, no devils crawling out from nightmares, and no spirits of the dead reaching out from their graves – she wanted to be left alone, and for a good part of an hour they stood apart from each other, in an uneasy silence, until, finally, a strained calm returned to her mind. 
"Do you believe me?" she said, and realized she had deliberately kept her voice quiet. Even now, she didn’t feel safe. 
He pulled a chair to him and sat down. "Yes,” he said hoarsely, lowering his head. “Did you know this would happen?" 
"No," she protested, "of course I didn't."
"You told me the past couldn't hurt us." 
“I’m sorry – ”
"They were as real as anything could be,” he interrupted, looking up. “We could have both been killed.”
“I know.”
“What the hell were they?” he demanded, angry now. “They wanted to hurt us. The woman forced you between her and the man who was trying to kill her. For God’s sake, I was thrown up against the damn wall. If this happened in the past, why didn’t we just see the events being played out – how the hell did we become part of it? We’re lucky to be alive.”
“I don’t think the intention was to hurt us,” she responded, struggling to make sense of it in her mind. “It went too far, yes, but maybe it was the only way...” She paused. Even after what he had witnessed tonight, she was unsure of his reaction. But he had to know everything now. “The intention,” she continued, “might have been to communicate with us – or, I think, me.”  
His jaw tensed. “Why – what would they have to communicate?”
"The woman wasn’t trying to save herself by sacrificing me,” she said. “We changed places so I could witness what happened. The attack didn’t end in this room – she wasn’t killed here. I may have appeared unconscious to you, but when I came to I was being carried through the village, and I saw the massacre – saw the villagers being murdered, heard them screaming for help – people trying to escape. I saw what she saw.” 
The sensation of being watched drew her eyes to the window. There was nothing there.  She drew a deep breath to steady herself and went on. 
“He took me to the coalmine. That’s where they were hiding – they didn’t leave the village. The villagers they abducted were there. Most of them were dead. The bastards were hoarding  the bodies like food, piling them on top of each other – if you had seen what they did to them. God, it was exactly like the nightmares I’ve been having – it was there as well - the creature I saw, Adrian – it was - ”
Kara broke off as he jumped to his feet. His face was strained and pale. “No,” he spat out. “This is too much. If you expect me to believe - ”
“It’s real,” she persisted. 
“How can such a thing exist?”
“I don’t know what it is,” she said honestly. “It made its way out of the coalmine – maybe it was always there, millennia before the village was built, before anything human existed – that can’t be so difficult to believe now, not after everything that’s happened.”
“What’s the connection then? Are these men killing for the creature?”
“No, they’re killing to satisfy themselves,” she replied. “This started when the creature was discovered. Matthew told me the men who came into contact with the creature communicated with it. The day after the encounter they denied its existence, despite there being witnesses to claim otherwise. There must have been an attempt to make a deal. They drank the creature’s blood – I saw it myself in one of my nightmares. They expected the blood to transform them. They have superhuman strength and their lives have been extended – I suppose in a way they got what they wanted. But the blood was contaminated; it changed them in ways they didn’t expect – the degenerative disfigurement in their features, the violent craving for human flesh.  If they made a deal, it went wrong. They’re keeping the creature prisoner – it can’t fight back in its debilitated state. That’s why it’s been trying to communicate through my nightmares – and I think it’s helping the people who died to reach out - that’s why the manifestations have been so strong.”
 “What could it want from you?”
“The creature wants me to help it to escape.” 
“How can you be so sure?”
“Because it spoke to me – in the coalmine. It was inside my head, speaking to me in another language, yet I understood everything. I know what it wants now.”
He studied her with disbelief. “What – why would it think you would set it free?” His tone was almost accusatory. 
“I know this is a lot to take on,” she said steadily, trying to prepare him. “But we’ve got no choice. There’s going to be another massacre – the creature knows what they’re planning and when it’s going to happen. We’ve got two days. If we help the creature escape, it’ll stop them – that’s the deal.”
“You want to go into the coalmine – where they are?”
“Yes,” she answered plainly.
“What chance have you got against them?”
“We’ll have to think of – ”
“No,” he shouted angrily. “It’s too dangerous. We have to get out of here while we’ve got the chance.”
“We can’t leave the people here to die” she argued. “We have to do something.”
“We warn them. That’s all we can do.”
“It’s not enough.”
“Kara, listen to me,” he pleaded. He came forward and placed his hand against the side of her face. “What chance do you stand against these men if they can’t be killed? The best we can do is warn the people here of what’s coming. I’ll help you. We can’t fight this. Do it for me.”
He was afraid. “Yes,” she said reluctantly. 
“Thank you.” He kissed her on the forehead. “This is a warning to run. We can’t ignore it.”
“Yes,” she repeated mechanically. But he was wrong; it was more than a warning, and she couldn’t help thinking of the creature’s response when it realized its only chance of escape – the only person it had managed to reach out to in the village – was about to leave it to its fate.   



"Why should we leave?”
Sensing her frustration, Adrian took her hand and squeezed it. Behind the counter, Vanessa and her husband, Carl, sharing the same vacant stare, had listened as Kara told as much as she thought was safe to do so, silent but exchanging quick glances, inching closer together as she went on.
But they had known it was going to be difficult. That was why they had contacted Detective Inspector Thomson first, with the vain hope they could somehow convince him of the danger. Openly hostile, foul-tempered, he threatened them with arrest if they did anything to obstruct his investigation, and so they had been compelled to proceed with their original plan to warn the villagers – without palpable evidence, warn them of a threat they had to accept on trust – a diluted warning of a supernatural threat that their minds, entrenched in the mundane, were still incapable of grasping.
"I know it’s difficult to accept," Kara continued wearily. "But if you don’t your lives will be in danger."
"Why should we be concerned about something that happened so long ago?” Vanessa said. “The massacre was in 1938, wasn’t it? I don’t understand how these men can still be a threat. If they’re still alive, I’m sure they’re too feeble to do anyone any harm - even if they wanted to.” 
“They haven’t aged,” Kara said, and immediately regretted her answer. This was one of the facts she had planned to leave out. 
“Really?” Vanessa laughed. “They haven’t aged. How have they managed that then?”
“The point is,” she said evenly, “they’re still out there.”
“Where?” Vanessa demanded. “If they’re still out there, where have they been hiding?”
“The coalmine.”
“Why are they in there?”
“That doesn’t matter – ”
“They’ve been pretty quiet all this time, haven’t they?”
“No, they haven’t,” Kara said, raising her voice. “There have been disappearances around here - in the town as well. Prior, for crying out loud – what do you think happened to him?”
Vanessa smiled. “I’m sure he was the kind of man who had  a lot of enemies. I don’t think we need to look for the living dead for an answer to that one.”
“You fool,” Kara shouted. “You’re going to die if you stay here.”
Another mistake.
“Get out,” Vanessa ordered. “Go on. You should be ashamed of yourself. People here don’t want to know about the massacre. You shouldn’t be allowed to go around scaring people with these stories.”
Kara was about to answer, when Adrian grabbed her shoulder and pulled her away from the counter. “We’re not going getting anywhere,” he whispered into her ear. “Let’s go before she calls the police.”
Her heart raced erratically as she allowed herself to be led out of the store. In the middle of the road, they turned to each other. “This isn't working," she said. "What are we going to do?"
“Kara, we’ve done all we can,” he said quietly. He watched cautiously as a couple they had  spoken to a short time ago passed by, whispering to each other, throwing quick looks in their direction. “We’ve got to get out of here,” he added, when they weren’t in hearing distance.
“The police – ”
“No, Kara,” he snapped. “For God’s sake, they’ve made it abundantly clear what they think of us. If they didn’t listen before, what makes you think they’re going to listen now?”
“We can’t just leave,” she cried. “If we could get into the coalmine – ”
“We’ll die sooner than the rest of them,” he finished. “There’s nothing else we can do. We have to go.”
Tears welled in her eyes. “I – can’t stand it – leaving when I know what’s going to happen. It’s too much.”
He shook his head. "I know it’s hard,”  he said gently. "When we’re away from here we can still get in touch with these people and make another attempt to persuade them. We can even give the police another try. But I don’t want us to be here when these bastards start murdering people again. We can’t fight them. We’ll die trying.”
Looking past him, she noticed Vanessa and her husband peering at them through the store window; caught, they drew back and pretended to go about their business. Embarrassed, she lowered her head. At the end of the day they had only succeeded in humiliating themselves - working their way through the village, they had exposed themselves to people’s amusement, ridicule and hostility – not one of them had listened or been persuaded it was in their interest to leave. There were others left to warn, but she was sick and tired of the stubborn resistance, and the alternatives – were there any alternatives? Had she honestly intended to walk into the mine and set the creature free – they would have killed her before she had the chance. Maybe the only option had been to flee all along. There had to be a point where they decided enough was enough. There had to be an end to it.  
"Alright," she relented, and grasped his hand as she realized it was easier to surrender than she had expected. “We’ll leave. But we have to warn Rachel and Luke first.”
“Thank God,” he said, and the relief flooded his face. “Thank God.”
"Do it."
Kara snatched back her hand as the familiar disembodied voice resonated through her arm – placed itself between them. But she wasn’t the only one to hear it this time. Adrian frowned. “Did you hear that?”
There was something coming. “We’ve got to get away,” she said urgently, reaching out to him again.
But it was too late. 
Night jarred with day as long, thick shadows swept in every direction around them, rapidly discolouring the air. Beneath her, the ground shook and lurched away, sending her stumbling  onto her hands and knees. Barely recovering, her mind reeling, she threw her head back, and watched powerlessly as the present collapsed in on itself and the past rocked precariously in and out. They were the only ones left alone as the disturbance, with each shift, momentarily liquefied, drained the colour of the passers-by in the road, snatched them away and replaced them with malformed, thrashing half-shadows with clumps for hands and unfinished faces – vague impressions missing eyes, a blackness like liquid splashing inside their open mouths. 
Each shift in time impressed a little more detail in the countenances of the apparitions. But she didn’t need to wait for them to reach their completion to know they were running for their lives.
“Kara.”
Standing in front of her, straining to maintain his balance as the past threw back the present, his eyes darting nervously to the apparitions as they went by, Adrian bent down and stretched out his hand. But he should have looked back like the other apparitions; he couldn’t see what she could see – another half-life swelling out and assembling itself with a deliberate purpose, propelling its existence as the night rolled forward and settled, throwing them into the past – an entity with familiar features, with a diseased, bleeding face and wounds exposing glimpses of bone.  
“Run,” she cried out.
Instead, following her stare, he wheeled around, and could only stumble back with his arms crossed in front of his head as the murderous entity rushed toward him and grasped his neck; with one hand, lifted him kicking and punching into the air - and thrust a knife up through his chin, and, with another brutal effort, further into his head, splintering bone and contorting his face. 
With a tremor, the murderer yanked the knife out of Adrian’s head – spilling profusely from the gaping wound, rivulets of blood ran down his face. He opened his mouth to swallow some of the liquid before he threw the limp body roughly aside, watched as it slumped heavily onto  the ground; and then, as the present swung back and their surroundings exploded with flashes of light, the murderer walked on down the road, searching for his next victim, blackening and shrinking into a vague half-life, evaporating into the air as the present shifted back for the last time and settled around them. 
"Adrian." 
Her frantic cry drew the attention of the people in the road, and they surrounded her as she scrambled over to him. He was on his side with his back to her. Bracing herself, she grasped  his shoulder and pulled him over on his back. There were no visible wounds -  no blood. But he was unconscious; his eyes were half open. Tears streamed down her face as she took him in her arms. "Please," she pleaded, her awareness of the people around them slipping away as she rocked his body with hers; stifling the scream that climbed up into her throat because she knew it wouldn’t stop.  


"Wake up."
Still holding onto his hand, she sat on the edge of the bed and watched for the slightest sign he was still alive, a twitch of the hand, movements in the muscles of his face – any sign at all. It was six in the morning. Since his admission to the town hospital yesterday afternoon, there had been no improvement in his condition. Afraid to leave him alone, she had sat beside him; a vigil through the night; when she wasn’t crying, doing everything she could to reach him – when speaking failed, pleading to him to wake up. But she wasn’t even sure if his mind was still intact. He had been murdered in the past.  Maybe his mind was still there. Maybe he was dead inside, and wouldn’t wake up again.
They had been taught a lesson. 
"Kara..?"
Rachel entered the room. She glanced up at her, and fresh tears stung her eyes as she looked back at Adrian. 
“Kara, I’m so sorry,” Rachel said, approaching the bed, squeezing her arm. “I heard about what happened at the store. They said Adrian collapsed in the middle of the road, that he had some kind of attack.”  
"No, he didn’t have an attack,” she said. Her voice was scarcely audible. “He was attacked. We were going to leave. There wasn’t anything else we could do – we tried to warn the other villagers, but they wouldn’t listen to us – we decided to get out while we had the chance. We were so close. But it wouldn’t let us go. We were thrown back into the past – the night of the massacre. One of those bastards hurt him. I saw the knife go into him – he was killed with the others.”
Rachel’s brow furrowed. “But he doesn’t have any marks – ”
“It got into our heads,” she interrupted, her voice tremulous. “It can make the past real – it can hurt us.”
“It…?”
“The creature.” A tremor ran through her as she released Adrian’s hand. “It’s still alive – in the coalmine. They’ve been keeping it prisoner; they must need it to stay alive – they feed on it like their victims. All this time, it’s been in my head - using the dead to reach out to me – in my dreams.”
“What does it…?” Rachel hesitated. “What does it want from you?”
“To help it to escape,” she answered plainly. “I’ve got no choice.”
“No,” Rachel said, shaking her head. “For God’s sake, you can’t possibly believe that’s the answer.”
Kara stood and turned to her. “I’ve got no choice,” she repeated. “It’s got Adrian. It won’t let him go unless I do what it wants.”
“If it created these men, what do you think it’s capable of doing?”
“It can’t be worse than what these men have done,” she argued. “The creature created them. It may be the only thing that can stop them.”
 "You're just going to walk in there," Rachel said. "They'll be waiting for you. You won't stand a chance."
"I do have a chance," she said breathlessly. "It’s going to happen tonight. They’re going to hunt and kill everyone in the village. I’ll have my chance to get into the coalmine. It might be the only one I get.” 
"You can't go in there alone," 
"The police won't believe us."
Rachel’s face tensed. "I'm coming with you," she said.   
"You don't have to," Kara breathed out. "I can't stop them from entering the village. There will be more deaths. Take your husband and get out - "
Rachel cut her off. "I'm coming with you,” she said firmly. “Luke is visiting his parents - he won't be back for two days. He’s out of this."
Part of her was relieved. "Thank you," she said honestly. 
"So what are we going to do first?"
Turning back to the bed, Kara bent down and kissed Adrian on the forehead. She realized it might be the last time she would see him. If they failed, he would never wake, and the village would become a tomb for the dead again. There was so much at stake. If everything could be put right, she was ready to see it through to the end. If she could bring Adrian back, she was ready to die.  
"We have to be ready in case they come back,” she answered, finally. “We arm ourselves.” 



There had to be others. 
The creature’s existence couldn’t be unique. There had to be other aberrations of life hiding in other derelict, abandoned places which had been forgotten or lost over time - places people wouldn't even think to look, or would pass without a second glance. There might be creatures who chose to be invisible and survived as best they could, and there could be others who only came out to hunt for food. People went missing all the time – she had read of thousands going missing every day in some countries. This was the reason why these men had escaped capture – no one was looking hard enough anymore; somehow the losses had become acceptable.  
Soon. 
They both started as a sudden wind caught and rustled the leaves around them. Lying low in a cluster of bushes and trees, afforded a narrow view of the coalmine entrance on the opposite side of the path, they were obscured from any searching eyes – at any moment they could fall back and be completely hidden. But it didn’t feel safe. It hadn’t felt safe when they had made their way to the mine, resisting the persistent sensation of being observed as they chose their own path, keeping themselves behind the trees and bushes in case their predators came out in the daylight – a risk they had to take. 
They had been waiting for some time; it was almost eleven o’clock. But she didn’t mind the wait. The longer they waited, the less chance it was likely to happen. She wanted to be wrong – for the morning to come, because if these men left the mine tonight people were going to be  killed. They had called the police before they left the village, told them they had overheard a group of youths planning to burgle the shops. If the police were keeping watch, the villagers might have some defence. If not, she had to hope releasing the creature would save them – it had promised.
And there was Adrian. 
“I can’t believe they’re in there,” Rachel whispered beside her, “that we’re waiting for them to come out.” 
 “This has to be the right thing to do,” she said, and realized she had been trying to persuade herself.
“I know,” Rachel answered. “I trust you.”
Kara looked at her apprehensively. “I shouldn’t have drawn you into this.”
“I didn’t give you a choice.”
“I don’t know what’s going to happen,” she said, struggling to keep her voice low.  “I can’t protect you. You should get – ”
“Stop.”
A suffocated warning – the words died in her throat; and then Rachel’s eyes swept past her. Comprehending, suppressing a shudder as she placed her hand onto the duffel bag at her side, Kara followed her line of sight.
They were leaving the mine. 
Thrusting the broken gate open, slamming it against the side of the entrance, they swarmed out – hulking black shadows clustered together as they shambled through the trees like a pack of beasts driven by a ravenous hunger, labouring against a physical degeneration which might have been caused by their close confinement, or been another influence of the contamination that had corroded their features. Slouching, shoulders hunched, necks stiff and convulsing as their eyes searched their surroundings, they reeled as they propelled their unwieldy bodies on, their limbs twisted and their feet crushed the ground. But they were impelled by a bloodlust –nothing was going to deter them.  
Silently, they watched as the hunters wound their way through the trees and disappeared in the direction of the village. They would be there in less than an hour. 
“Now,” Kara said. 
Stumbling through the undergrowth, Rachel following behind her, they hastened toward the mine. Distorted by the dark, the trees and hillside pressed in; the wind lengthened and shifted  the shadows around them - she couldn’t help noticing there were too many concealed places. At the corner of her eye, a sinewy, black shape scurried speedily through the trees with them. An animal, she realized, turning to look. But the relief failed to prevent her imagination from manifesting other entities in the murkier places, silent watchers waiting for the right moment. 
They exchanged glances as they arrived at the entrance of the coalmine. It was pitch black inside. Without a word, Kara rummaged inside her duffel bag and retrieved two torches. One she handed to Rachel; the other she put into her pocket so it was ready when she needed it. 
“Come on,” she whispered.
Rachel grabbed her arm. “No, wait.” 
Listening, steadying herself, it took a moment to hear the sounds emanating from inside the mine - first the low reverberations, dull, intermittent thumps; and then unmistakeable footfalls approaching the entrance. 
“Get back,” she exhaled. But she remained where she was, heart thudding erratically in her chest as she went into her duffel bag again and pulled out a bottle with a cloth fixed securely around the mouth – a preparation she had prayed she wouldn’t need. But there was no going back. Reaching into her jacket pocket for her lighter, she ignited the flame and held it inches from the end of the cloth in readiness.
He must have realized they were there. The footfalls stopped. There was a strained silence – he might have been listening to them as they listened to him – and then suddenly he leapt out and hurtled toward them. Steadying her hands, she set fire to the cloth and threw the bottle at his chest. The glass shattered. The flames erupted and enveloped the upper part of his body. The skin on his face melted as he thrashed at the flames with his fists, and then clawed at his neck in agony. But he couldn’t scream – broken, guttural sounds tore from his throat only to be strangled. 
“Come on,” Kara yelled. 
They both rushed toward the entrance. Even in his distress, he knew what they were doing.  Stretching out his hands, he staggered toward them – a clumsy effort that sent him stumbling to the ground. They both looked over their shoulders as they dashed past him. As the flames gnawed at his skin and flesh, his teeth bared in a grimace, he proceeded to crawl after them on his hands and knees.     
He wasn’t going to stop. Shaking, Kara reached into her bag for a knife as they entered the coalmine – her shoulder struck the side of the entrance and the supporting beam shifted in its frame – dust spilled out. The knife slipped back into the bag as she understood what she had to do. 
Her eyes scanned the ground and seized on a large rock half-buried in the dirt. Grasping the rock with both hands, inhaling sharply as it loosened and unexpectedly threw her back a step with its weight, she swung it against the insecure beam with all the strength she could muster – vibrating, the wood cracked down the middle, and then the overhead beam slid downwards – a slight but discernible shift, enough to disturb the structure and release a shower of rubble and dirt over her head; and the same happened as she struck the beam another time, only the dirt continued to spill after the rubble stopped. They had to do more. “Help me,” she pleaded. 
Alongside her, Rachel stooped down and shouldered the beam as she smashed the rock into the side – there was a tremor and it began to buckle into the entrance as rubble slipped down past it; the overhead beam swung sideways and slid down – and then the entrance collapsed. There was an explosion of dust as rocks tumbled into the entrance - Rachel grabbed her arm and pulled her away as the disintegration spread and part of the cave roof above them broke away.
The cave-in stopped. But the dust was in the air, smothering, blinding, stinging and grazing their skin, flooding their lungs and choking their breath. It took a moment to realize the light was gone. Recovering as the dust subsided, they searched for their torches and switched them on; and their attention was drawn back to the entrance, to a muffled but unmistakeable sound not far from it - rocks sliding from their place, scraping against each other, toppling away.
"He's trying to get in," Rachel whispered. 
"We have got much time," Kara said. "Come on."
“Do you know the way?”
Kara turned. There were two tunnels. As she about to answer, the familiar thoughts slipped into her consciousness, incoherent but palpable, a pressure imploding repeatedly in her head. The taste of blood was in her mouth as she threw her hand out and pointed to the first tunnel. 
“It’s through there.”
Entering the tunnel, holding their torches out in front of them, they made their way through. There was no doubt in her mind that it was waiting for them - even its presence was palpable. There was no going back, but she couldn’t help thinking that maybe she had made a mistake – what if her nightmares had been a premonition of her death. What if she was wrong? If she had made a mistake – 
“Rachel, I’m sorry,” she said with regret. “I shouldn’t have dragged you into this.”
"You didn't," Rachel admonished her. "I wanted to help."
"No, it was too much to ask of you," she said. "When I closed the mine, I made the decision for both of us. I didn't have the right."  
"What else could you have done?" Rachel countered. 
"I just wish I hadn’t … ”
Her voice trailed away. They had come to the end of the tunnel. The narrow beams of light from their torches were restrictive – they couldn’t see everything at the same time. But what they did see made them hesitate. 
It was an open grave. 
The fresh corpses she had seen in the circle in her vision of the past were still there piled on top of each other along the walls.  After providing whatever sustenance the murderers wanted from them, they had simply been left to decompose, waste away to bone – dislocated skeletal frames collapsing into each other, becoming entangled, trapped together. But there were other corpses in varying states of degeneration scattered over the circle – the other victims they had collected over the years. The eyes of some of them were wide open with terror, frozen at the moments of their deaths. They had been stripped naked, and there were the familiar signs of mutilation she had seen before – flesh sliced away, parts of their bodies gnawed to the bone.
“God,” Rachel exhaled, stepping back, raising her hand over her mouth.
Kara followed her gaze. It was Prior. He was slumped on his back over a cluster of rocks - arm stretched out, his neck almost severed, less than half connected to his shoulders. His eyes stared up at them with surprise. His open mouth screamed out silently. 
Swallowing the burning bile that rose in her throat, she looked away. “Come on,” she said, her voice shaking as she spoke.
The acrid stench of rotting flesh stung her nostrils as Kara stepped into the circle and swept the light from her torch around her; briefly gleaming in the light, the faces of the dead seemed to change expression - and then she caught a movement near the entrance to the other tunnel. Without a word, holding the torch out in front of her, she made her way through the corpses, and looked down at the creature, a helpless thing ravaged with hunger, emaciated, fragmented skin exposing raw flesh; a helpless writhing thing bound at its arms and chest and at its knees, reaching out, pleading with the dull glimmer in its blood-red eyes. But this helpless thing had violated her dreams and tormented her with the dead – it had attacked her husband and stolen his mind. 
“Are you certain this is the right thing to do?” Rachel asked. There was a catch in her voice. “Are you really going to release this thing?”
“I’ve got to,” she breathed out. 
No more thoughts were allowed to deter her as she passed her torch to Rachel and dropped onto her knees beside the creature. Reaching into her bag to retrieve the knife, she averted her  eyes as it twisted its head to her in spasms, refusing to acknowledge its presence until she was ready – until she could steady and clench her trembling hand enough to grasp the knife.  
“You don’t have to,” Rachel insisted. 
She couldn’t speak. Tugging at the rope around its knees, raising it from the creature’s skin,  she leaned down and worked fast at the threads with the serrated edges of the knife, pressing the metal hard against them to speed up the task, resisting the urge to shrink back as her skin brushed against the creature’s. The bind snapped apart and loosened. Unwinding and pulling the rope away, she guided the knife to the other restraint around its chest and arms, narrowing her eyes as the creature went on staring at her, writhing sluggishly against its confinement. 
A faint light seeped into the walls as she worked at the rope with an increasing revulsion – her hand shook and lost strength once more; the knife sliced into her hand as she persevered - and then the threads started to break. As the rope split, she dropped the knife and scrambled back on her hands and knees, waited for the creature to react to its release. Quaking with the effort, the creature lifted its arms, arched its back into the air, and slumped onto the ground, shivering, feebler than before.   
"Listen," Rachel hissed at her. 
The entrance had been opened. Reverberating throughout the tunnel, entering the circle and rebounding off the walls, hollow footsteps progressed toward them, inexplicably keeping at a calm, measured pace; and in the footsteps, other lighter sounds, a heavy scrabbling, feet being dragged across the ground.
There were two of them. 
“Rachel, you’ve got to get into the other tunnel,” she ordered hoarsely, crawling back to the creature, examining its writhing form for a clue. There had to be something she was missing.  “What is it?” she said under her breath. “What is it?”
“I’m not leaving you.” 
“Go,” she yelled.
“No,” Rachel shouted back. “If you’re staying, I’m staying.”
Her chest tightened as she noticed the outlines of the corpses in the circle emerging with the approaching light. They were running out of time. “You’re going to die if you stay,” she said, searching the creature’s eyes for any change.  “Get out of – ” 
Startled by a realization, the words choked in her throat. She glanced up at Rachel, and then began to take off her jacket. 
“What are you doing?” Rachel said, shaking her head.
“Blood,” she answered. Her voice was breathless. “These men fed on the creature’s blood – drained it of its strength. They assimilated aspects of the creature – its cannibalistic bloodlust – self-created mutations.”  Throwing her jacket aside, she snatched up the knife and crawled closer to the creature. “It needs blood,” she went on. “It needs to feed.”
Raising her arm over the creature’s open mouth, clenching her fist in readiness, she pierced her skin with the knife, wincing as she pushed deeper to open the wound. Blood welled to the surface and spilled onto the creature’s face; unable to stop her arm from shaking, she pressed the wound against its open lips – and restrained herself from pulling back as the veins twisted in its eyes and the muscles in its throat twitched – and again as its mouth opened and fastened onto the wound, drew hungrily on the blood.
 "Take it," she spat out. "Take what you need. But we made a deal. You keep your promise.  Do you understand? Do you - "
Kara flinched as the creature's teeth sank into her flesh – an excruciating pain seized at the muscles in her arm and paralysed them; burning her blood, the pain coursed to other parts of her body. Nausea flooded through her – it was too much. Drained of her strength, she realized she couldn’t pull free. 
The two men entered the enclosure. Surviving the fire, there was hardly anything left of the face of the man they had left to die - charred, fragments of skin broken away, flesh burned to the bone, eyes exposed in their sockets. Staggering, knees buckling, the damaged remains of his countenance contorted into a grimace, he lurched toward them in agonised convulsions. 
 But not the other man. 
As he rushed forward, Rachel prised the knife from her hand, wheeled around and thrust it into his shoulder as bore down on her with fingers clenched into claws. The knife went deep. But it didn’t even slow him down. Striking her across the face, clutching her neck before she could recover, he lifted Rachel into the air, yanked the knife from his shoulder and held it up. 
"Now," Kara pleaded. "Now."
With a gasp, she threw herself back as her arm was released. Exhausted, slumping against the wall, she could only watch as the creature squirmed and stretched tremblingly to its feet – without warning, lunged at the man who held Rachel and tore into his throat with its teeth – clinging and gnawing its way further as he released his prisoner and collapsed to the ground – feeding on his flesh, clamping its hands onto his head and ripping it from his shoulders.
The other man turned to run. Hurling itself at him, the creature stabbed its fingers into his eyes and dragged him to the ground, ripped away any flesh the fire had left behind.
The creature’s eyes roved over her as it sprang to its feet – she winced as it sent its thoughts into her head – and then it swung round and bolted into the tunnel. Rachel ran over to her and helped her to her feet. “Kara, we’ve got to get out.” 
"It's okay," Kara reassured her. "It's okay."
“They’ll be back.”
“No,” she responded calmly. “They know it’s free.” 
There were no sightings of the creature or the other murderers as they left the coalmine and made their way back to the village, which had been thrown into chaos by the night’s events. They passed police cars and ambulances. Her ruse to bring the police out had succeeded, and  reinforcements had been called when they realized what was happening. There was evidence of the clashes all around them – medics dealing with the injured; in one road, pulling a sheet over a body - pools of blood on the ground, doors smashed down, a car driven into a store as someone attempted to escape. The villagers were in shock. People rushed past them. In some places they huddled together.  
Ten people had been killed. There could have been many more, but at the same moment the murderers had inexplicably stopped what they were doing and fled in terror.   



Adrian sat up in the hospital bed and smiled as she entered the room. Returning the smile, she sat on the edge of the bed and took his hand. "The doctor said you can go home tomorrow." 
His smile faded. "I’m still not sure about living here after everything that’s happened.” 
“I told you everything’s okay now,” she said patiently. “They won’t come back.” 
He studied her. “Are you sure they’re all dead?” 
“Yes,” she answered, still smiling. 
It was a lie. He wouldn’t understand. He thought the creature had killed its captors and left the village. But it was back in the mine. The entrance had been sealed up again with rocks – no human hands could open it. Inside, tied up amongst the corpses and bones of their dead,  there were nine men, who cowered as the creature they had mistreated decided which of them to feed on. There would be no release for these men. They would remain immortal for as long as the creature chose. But it had no reason to kill them when it could feed on them forever.

After the Apocalypse




He didn’t realize what was happening at first. 
A flash of white light burst through the parting in the curtains in his bedroom and lit up the room, and then he heard his housemates calling out to him to come outside–excited, chattering voices. Living in a household with students, he expected rowdy behaviour from time to time, and on other occasions he had managed to separate himself from it when he needed to.
Not this time. 
Another flash of intense light illuminated the room. Curious, he climbed out of bed and went over to the window; as yet another burst of light came through, he threw the curtains open–and was out of the door as soon as he caught sight of the spectacle in the sky.
In his pyjamas, he rushed out to joined the others in the street, and gazed up with a mixture of surprise and fascination at an alien night sky, at more searing lights tearing explosively through coal-black clouds–everywhere, with only seconds between each one, turning the night into day. It was like a fireworks display, the best fireworks display he had ever seen.
But then the whole sky opened all at once.
He convulsed with shock as the light exploded through the air and blinded him for an instant. There were screams all around him. As the light bled from his vision, he felt liquid streaming down the side of his face. He rubbed at it with the palm of his hands; a surge of nausea almost brought him to his knees as he looked down at the blood dripping profusely through his fingers. Turning his attention to the others around him, he saw that a few of them had fallen to the ground–smoking, bleeding, scorched heads opened by fire.
“Get inside,” he screamed at the others who were still standing. 
But it was too late. There was another explosion of light, and this time it wouldn’t stop. Searing into his eyes and mind, consuming everything, taking everything–there was nothing else. 
And then it subsided. 
The air was discoloured. The roofs of some of the houses were on fire. Swaying where he stood, his mind all over the place as it struggled to absorb what had happened, he jerked his head back. The black clouds were fusing together. Where they still parted, he could see the lights had been replaced by a dull glowing red. 
In the distance, there were screams for help. The people around him were working their way through the shock; listening reluctantly to the stifled sobs, the hushed voices that seemed to be afraid to go any higher, he made his way awkwardly and unsteadily through them to join one of his housemates. “It’s over now,” he said inadequately, and winced as the wounds he had suffered on his face and head momentarily swelled with a throbbing pain. 
“I suppose it is,” Robert responded listlessly. 
“What are we supposed to do now?”
His friend turned and regarded him curiously. “What do you mean?”
“We have to get help.”
There were no words–only a look of pity as Robert pointed past him. Uneasily, he turned, and cried out as he stared down at a body with his clothes–the only part of himself he recognized, because his face had been burnt away, and the side of his head was open and bleeding. 
“No,” he whispered.
“Come on,” Robert said, pulling him away. 
He shook his head. “No,” he cried. “No, no–”
“This is all there is now,” Robert said harshly. “This is it.”
His mind was reeling. He touched his face. “But I can feel pain.”
“At least we can still feel,” Robert replied, turning his back to him. 
It was there now, a sickening resignation. “What do we do?”
“We wait,” came the answer. 
“For what?”
“For an end to this.”
There was nothing else to do. Nodding, he sat down on the pavement, looked up at the sky, and waited

The Undead




He could hear her. 
Smothered, blinded by the dark, straining against her restrictions, her splayed limbs caught and paralysed, somehow she still managed to leave her body behind, slip back into the house – searching, a disembodied voice shifting restlessly from one room to another, frantic echoes resonating in every part; and then sinking, barely coherent – deteriorating to a faint, relentless whisper, a suffocated scream. It was too weak to find him. 
Scanning the room, he crawled out from under the bed, and made his way cautiously to the  bedroom window. Staying on his knees, he lifted his head just enough to afford him a view of the piece of land behind the tree at the back of the garden. The ground hadn’t been disturbed. It was okay. 
Getting to his feet, he unlocked the door and stepped out onto the landing. The lights were on – all the lights had to be kept on in the house now; if anything came at him, he wanted to see it coming. No one would get the chance to hide and wait. But there was something else, though, something new. 
He could hear voices. 
Standing on the landing, looking down over the banister, he flinched as he caught a familiar figure below him on the ground floor hurrying into the kitchen. “Who’s there?” he shouted, refusing to believe his eyes. “Who is it?”
The voices grew louder. There were two, and he recognised them both. They were arguing with each other in the kitchen. It had to be the kitchen. It was impossible, but he was listening to an argument he had taken part in – it was a perfect recording. He knew what was about to happen. 
Someone was about to leave. 
He had to see everything. Although he didn’t understand what was happening, he was more curious than afraid – what was there to be afraid of when he knew the outcome of this fight? But he moved quietly as he descended the staircase – his hands trembled as they gripped the handrail. I could stop this, he thought, listening to the voices screaming at each other. But he didn’t want to stop it – the alternative was unbearable.  
He wasn’t going to let her leave.
He stumbled off the last step, and, with a lurch, wheeled himself round so he was facing the kitchen. Standing there stock-still, with clenched fists, he watched with a mixture of cautious curiosity and bewilderment as the familiar couple in the kitchen continued to argue violently.  There was no turning back now. They had gone too far – reached a point where every failure from their past had become a weapon for recriminations. Nothing was off limits because they wanted to hurt each other in any way possible – to see the hurt they caused each other. 
“You’re not going!”
“I am going. You can’t stop me.”
“This is all your fault!”
He caught his breath and took an unconscious step back as the man struck the woman with the knife. He knew the man was supposed to be his mirror image, but he scarcely recognised the countenance – it was enflamed, contorted with a crazed rage. He was…he was afraid of himself.
Reading his mind, his mirror image spun round to face him. Averting his eyes, he started to move back, and for a moment he was falling – his legs trembling and buckling beneath him. He should have kept his head down, because when he glanced up the murderer grinned at him and raised the knife.
Gasping for breath, he bolted toward the front door and fumbled awkwardly with the lock – and snatched his hand back with an unwelcome realization. He couldn’t leave the house. He would bring attention to himself. People would ask questions, and he would bring attention to himself, and they would find out. He had to be invisible. He had to stop – stop - think, he had to think. The mirror image – ghost, phantom, whatever the hell it was - it was a figment of his imagination. It couldn’t hurt him. It didn’t have the power to hurt him. 
Defiantly, he turned back. It was in time to witness his grinning phantom grasping the dead body’s arms, dragging it laboriously through the kitchen door and out into the garden. As the phantom gradually drew away, he moved guardedly closer. There was blood over the kitchen floor. “No, no,” he muttered angrily, and, snatching a kitchen towel from the table, dropped to his knees and scrubbed at the blood. He realized it couldn’t be real - he had already done this. But it was everywhere, wet, staining his hands – he couldn’t get rid of it. He had to get rid of the evidence. Grimacing, he stood up and went to the sink. Squeezing the soaked towel, he glanced sideways, and froze as he caught a vision of his phantom through the garden door. 
Standing rigidly over the spot where they had buried his wife, his phantom stared down as a hand with clawed fingers broke out of the ground, and proceeded to claw away the earth. The ground swelled, collapsed and fell apart. Crawling from the earth, his wife trembled violently on her hands and knees. Uttering an agonised, drawn-out scream, she jerked up her head to look at his silent phantom. In response, his phantom shuddered into life, and reached out to help his wife stand up. Together, side by side, they proceeded to make their way back to the house.
He had to hide. Straining for breath, he stumbled clumsily out of the room. As he reached for the stairs, he was stopped in his tracks as a figure appeared through the tinted glass on the front door and the doorbell rang twice. He held his hands out in front of him and studied the bloodstains. He couldn’t answer the door, and he couldn’t go any further knowing somebody was standing there, waiting to come in.  He was about to sit on the stairs, wait for whoever it was to go away, when he heard footsteps in the kitchen; and the phantoms, much louder than the last time, began to argue with each other again.  
The voices unnerved him. He could hardly hear himself think. He knew they weren’t real; but if they weren’t real, he wouldn’t hear them. They were too loud. They had to stop. They had to -  
“Harry, it’s me,” the figure called out, ringing the doorbell impatiently. “It’s Tom. Are you okay? Open up.”
They’re not real, he insisted inwardly, making his way to the front door. Tom won’t be able to see or hear them because they’re not real. 
Careful not to show his bloodied hands, he opened the door. The concern on Tom’s face made him suspicious. It was obvious this wasn’t just a casual visit; something was wrong. 
“Hi Tom,” he said faintly, listening to the voices behind him.
“Are you okay?” Tom said, instantly drawing closer to the door. He paused. “Anne and I...” he said hesitantly, “we heard you and Mary arguing last night. We’re worried about you both. Is everything okay, Harry?”
“Yes,” he replied simply, studying Tom’s curious reluctance. The voices were hurting his ears. They couldn’t be inside his head. Was Tom uneasy because he could hear them as well? If he could hear them…he could see them. 
“Where’s Mary?”
“You’re not going.”
It was going to happen soon. “Mary,” he echoed, waiting for the moment. 
Tom looked past him. “Yes, is she okay?” he asked with concern. 
“This is all your fault.”
“Come in,” he said hoarsely, standing aside to let him through. Smiling cheerfully, Tom walked past him into the passage. Closing the door, watching Tom peer into the kitchen and up the stairs, Harry lifted the large, steel-framed mirror from the wall. The screams had stopped. As Tom turned around to face him, he brought the mirror down onto the man’s head.  



He had to be patient – not yet, he had to wait. Wait. 
Cowering, he watched his phantom clutch hold of his wife’s dead body, and drag her across the floor of the kitchen, its body convulsing with every movement. It was the moment he had been waiting for. Bringing his arms under Tom’s shoulders, clasping his hands together around his chest, he proceeded to follow his phantom with his own dead body. 
But not all the way. He dropped Tom’s body in the middle of the garden. Keeping his head down, refusing to look at his phantom’s actions behind the tree, he fetched the shovel propped up against the wall beside the kitchen door. As he returned to the body, penetrating glimpses of his other self behind the tree persisted – it had already begun to dig into the ground. Inhaling sharply, he forced the shovel deep into the earth, and began to race against himself. 
He was too slow – or his phantom could have been too quick, because when it finished digging he was only a few feet into the ground, and now it was just standing there, waiting, looking down expectantly as the body it had just buried proceeded to claw its way out. 
Time had run out. He was thrown into a panic. Dropping onto his knees, he rolled the body inside the hole, and then frantically scraped the earth over it with his hands. He knew it was only a matter of time before his dead wife and his other self would begin to make their way back to the house. They were going to start it all over again – every sickening detail – as if he could forget what he did. Stop, stop, when were they going to stop. He had to get back in. He didn’t want to be out in the garden when it started. He had heard and seen enough – he was sick of it. He had to get back in. He – 
He stifled a moan as the phantoms started their walk back to the house. Sweeping a mound of earth over Tom’s face, scarcely covering it, he leapt to his feet, and the thick, pounding dread almost crippled him as he staggered back to the house. In the kitchen, a vague, desperate thought made him slam the door shut and lock it – and then stand back anxiously as he saw the phantoms approaching through the clear glass in the doorframe. But the door couldn’t possibly stop them – he knew that; and he was ready to move further back into the passage as they passed effortlessly through the obstruction.
They didn’t pause. 
Actors taking their positions, ready to play a scene they had played countless of times before. Their harsh voices resonated around him as they instantly launched into their quarrel – magnified and distorted into grating, drawn-out, piercing shrieks. Clasping his hands over his ears, he watched in agony as the violence between them escalated. The words were still exactly the same, but both were already stained with the blood from the deaths that had been played out before – their eyes had now lost their colour and gleamed black. 
He noticed his phantom picking up the knife at his side. He didn’t want to see what happened next. He was about to run, when he caught another presence through the window; there, in the garden, convulsing, rising unsteadily into the air, swaying as it began to make its way towards the house. 
Frantically, he threw himself around and into the passage, and stopped at the front door again. But he couldn’t do it. He didn’t want to leave the house – it couldn’t be left empty now. There were too many secrets waiting to be exposed, and the dead would follow him out into the open. He had to keep watch over them. He had to stop them from getting out. They had to stay hidden, and he had to stay quiet, very quiet, just stay quiet.
Stifling a cry, he hurriedly climbed the stairs as he heard the sound of glass breaking in the kitchen. Almost falling into the bedroom, he threw the door shut and bolted it. Keeping his eyes on the door, he began to back away at the sound of steps slowly climbing the staircase, until he came up against the sash window. He knew what he would see when he looked out; his other self dragging the body of his wife across the garden – again, and again, and -
There was a sharp crack as something heavy smashed against the door, causing him to flinch. The door heaved and shook violently inside its frame. He was relieved to see the bolt remained intact, but it wouldn’t hold for long. He opened the window wide; as the force struck the door again, he climbed up over the window sill so he was straddling it, half of his body leaning out into the open air. Looking down, he saw the concrete patio immediately below – it was almost a fifteen feet drop; there was the wooden fencing, but it was such a small space – he could aim for the land outside it. He could do – 
He screamed as another blow against the door caused it to splinter open, and Tom’s bloodied and dishevelled figure burst through the doorway and rushed towards him. He leant back, and lost his balance; and he could only reach out blindly as he plummeted to the ground headfirst. 



He couldn’t move. 
He had fractured his neck on the fence when he fell, and his right leg and arm were also broken. Despite his injuries, he had still attempted to attack the paramedics when they tried to put him on the stretcher, so they had tied his good arm around his waist. It didn’t matter now anyway. There were too many of them to kill.
He began to turn his head as he heard Tom speaking quietly to the police at his side, and winced as the neck brace he had forgotten restricted his movements. 
“He knocked me unconscious,” Tom explained. “Thank god he did a bad job trying to bury me – otherwise I’d be dead.”
As the paramedics lifted him up on a stretcher, he saw the covered body of his wife being carried out past him. 
“If they had just stayed dead,” he muttered to himself. “Why didn’t they stay dead?

Home




Ten. It was ten o’clock, and there was still no sign of him. 
The thoughts in her mind couldn't be contained anymore. “Come home,” she said out loud. "Where are you? Come home.”
Shaking her head, Leila emptied the contents of the plate into the bin – the food was inedible now anyway. Tired of listening to the tedious voices on the radio, which had merged together and stopped making sense some time ago, she switched them off, and couldn’t stop herself from glancing at the kitchen clock before she turned off the light, and then looking expectantly at the front door as she made her way to the living-room. No matter what she did, the elusive but persistent senses of unease was there gnawing away at the edges of her consciousness - it almost brought tears to her eyes. But there was no reason to cry; there was nothing wrong. She was overreacting. There had to be a good reason for Iain being late – an emergency at work, transport problems – he had been late before. 
So why hadn’t he called? 
In the living-room, she inhaled sharply as the uneasiness in her mind shifted into her  surroundings. The ordinary and familiar were returned to her with a jarring and hostile discordance - it wasn't her house anymore. Imperceptible on the surface, the shift was everything, and it was nothing.  
“No,” she said to herself, clenching her hands into fists as she sat down on the sofa. But the room closed in, and kept closing in as she resisted the influence in the room. She had her back to the door. Seized by the thought that someone was in the passage looking down at her, she jumped up and turned to the door. There was nobody there, but a penetrating chill swept into the room and caused her to shiver involuntarily - it brushed against her and climbed up to the ceiling - the light above her head began to hiss and flicker. She stepped back as the cold came down on her. There was nothing there, but her sight insisted otherwise, and it followed whatever it was as it shifted from one space to another, refusing to be held. She couldn’t dismiss it. Curious, she found herself tentatively reaching into the cold – and caught her breath as she heard the front door being opened and then slammed shut.
"Leila!" 
Everything else was forgotten. “Iain,” she called out with relief, hurrying into the passage, and stopped with a shudder as she found him leaning against the wall, his back to her, his shoulders hunched as he clutched at his stomach. “Iain…?” she repeated, trying to keep her voice steady, “what’s wrong?” As she waited for him to answer, her attention was drawn to voices outside approaching the front door. Her first impression was that they were speaking to each other; but as she listened to them she realized they were speaking independently of each other – each one was insistent, relentless, and frustratingly incoherent. Why were they outside the house? She looked at Iain with a sudden thought. What had they done to him?
She stepped toward the door. 
"No," Iain shrieked at her, reaching out and clutching her arm, his fingers digging painfully into her skin as he pulled her away. He was covered with blood. His shirt had been ripped at the front, and under the torn clothing there were three wounds just below his abdomen. They looked like cuts - each one just an inch, but they went deep and widened with his movements. Inexplicably, impossibly, the bleeding had stopped. The blood around the wounds had dried. 
The shock threw her back. Stifling a moan, clinging to the staircase as her legs buckled with a sudden inertia in her limbs, it took every effort to just go to him. But then she realized what she had to do. Throwing his arm around her shoulder and pulling tight onto his hand to keep him to her, wrapping her arm around his waist as he almost collapsed against her, she carried him into the living-room, still listening to the voices outside as they seemed to move closer to the door. His weight became too much for her, and they both almost fell back onto the sofa. 
“I’m going to call the ambulance,” she heard herself say, hardly able to think. “It’s going to be alright. I won’t be – “
He shook her off and drew into himself. Rolling back against the sofa, he closed his arms over his wounds and brought his knees up into his body. "No, I don't want help,” he mumbled drowsily. “I’ll be okay.” 
“You've been hurt,” she pleaded. "We need to get you to a hospital."
He shook his head convulsively. “I just need time.” 
She looked at him with disbelief. “I don’t understand why you don’t want any help. What happened?”
His eyes sought her out; watery, suffused with pain, they were barely able to focus on her. “I was attacked in the street…” he answered, finally, visibly struggling to get the words out. “There were three of them. I wouldn’t…wouldn’t give them my wallet. One of them stabbed me.”
Tears spilled from her eyes; she wiped them away. Holding herself, she breathed deeply to hold back the panic. Yes, he had been wounded. Yes, he might have died. But he was okay. The wounds couldn't be as bad as they appeared. He had managed to make his way home - the bleeding had stopped. But he was still in pain. He needed help. He needed her to be there for him. 
"I'm going to get help," she said steadily. 
His head sank back against the sofa. He closed his eyes. “No,” he said breathlessly. “I’m fine. It's okay now."
But he wasn’t fine; she could see that just by looking at him. It was probably shock -he wasn't thinking rationally, and she had to think for him. She needed to get him to a hospital. 
Apprehensively, she watched him as she picked up the phone from the coffee table, and then moved quietly into the passage. The voices were still outside the front door. There were more of them now. They were close, but she still couldn't make them out, and they refused to stay in one place - shifting restlessly over the door, drawing back momentarily, suddenly rushing forward, as though searching for a way to get into the house. It couldn't be Iain's attackers; there were more than three, and as she listened, some of the voices slipped away only to be replaced by others which were distinctly different. She had to call the police, but there was another urgent matter to deal with. 
She began to dial the number. Before she had even finished, the insistent voices surged at her from the handset and flooded the air around her; simultaneously, more voices drew closer to the door – there were too many to count. She threw the handset to the floor, and looked up with renewed dread as the lights started to flicker again.  
And went out. 
It took her a moment to recover from the shock. There were no more sounds from the handset, but the passage remained in darkness, and so did the living-room – she could see that through the door. But it wasn’t complete, there was enough natural light to make her way round. 
“Iain,” she whispered, glancing warily at the front door as she heard something scratching against it. But there was no answer. Cautiously, she took a step toward the living-room, and cried out involuntarily as an invisible, palpable force pushed her roughly aside and swept into the room before her. 
It was going to hurt him. 
Irrational, inexplicable, the belief was persuasive enough to cause her to cry out a warning as she followed the presence into the living-room. But there was nothing visible to the eye. Whatever was there, it was outside the confines of the room, all around her – squirming, restless things creeping behind the walls, below the ground, in the room above, scraping impatiently beneath the surface, constantly stopping and shifting into different directions.
“They’re…coming.”
As she turned to Iain,  she heard the voices outside swiftly moving to the bay windows. The curtains were closed, but that gave her little comfort. Hidden, faceless and unknown, the incessant voices fed her imagination – they came at her from every part of the window; they moved beyond the window and crawled over the other parts of the house, exploring its flaws, searching like a pack of wolves for a way to get in.  
“No,” she hissed angrily to herself. She went over to Iain. “We’ve got to get into the garden,” she insisted, pulling at his arm. “We’ll call out for help.”
He wrenched himself away from her and pushed himself back against the sofa.  This couldn’t possibly be her husband. She scarcely recognised the terrified, contorted face that looked back at her - it was an effort to look at the deranged, irrepressible fear that shone its eyes. The sounds in the house seemed to draw closer to them as she sat down beside him. 
“What are you afraid of?” she whispered, wondering if they could hear her. 
His eyes welled with tears. “They…they won’t leave me alone,” he sobbed. “I just wanted to be here….I wanted to be here with you. I didn't want to be alone!”
She placed her hand on his shoulder. “But you’re here…you’re home,” she tried to reassure him. “There’s nothing – “
Nothing. 
The words died in her throat as she caught sudden, frenetic movements at the corner of her eye. It was the television screen – a reflection of them on the television screen. Turning her head, she was finally given a glimpse of the intruders. They could only be described as human shadows that moved of their own volition. The dark in the room and the reflection diffused and obscured their detail, but it was their actions that perturbed her. There were so many of them she could hardly see Iain – all around him, bent over him, they thrashed restlessly against each other as they reached out to him.
Screaming, she leapt to her feet. Her first impulse was to pull Iain away from them, but he appeared to be oblivious to their presence – leaning back against the sofa again, with his head dropped to the side, his eyes were half-closed, staring inwards, as his mouth moved silently. 
What were they?
Her blood ran ice cold as she turned to face the window. There were so many voices – none of them speaking to each other. They seemed to be gradually gathering together outside their house. What did they want? What were they? She had to know.
The decision was made; in her mind there was no alternative, but her body worked against her as she approached the window - every step twisted the muscles in her legs and feet, and the thought of what she was about to do sent her heart pounding heavily and painfully in her chest. At the window, she clutched hold of the curtains; unable to breathe, she threw them aside. 
The image she had seen on the television screen had been more accurate than she realized; quivering, ink-black, for the most part they lacked detail. Human forms with an inhuman substance, they weren’t just standing at the window - their writhing limbs twisted and stretched disproportionately as they crawled all over the frame, and whenever they moved against each other, they rapidly began to melt and merge, until they moved in opposing directions and separated. The only glimpse of detail was the volatile features of their faces – black masks which briefly swelled out from nothing, and stared at her until the entities extended themselves too far and the faces fell away. 
She shouldn’t have opened the curtains – they had been searching blindly until that moment; and now they were all scrambling eagerly through the window’s frame – passing through the wood and glass, as if the wall around the window itself was an obstruction; crawling into the room like insects, scrambling over each other to get in, rapidly swarming over the floors, walls and ceiling until they possessed every space. She shrank back with revulsion as some of them dropped onto their feet and reached out their hands.  
“Don’t let them touch you!”
But it was too late. As she turned to him, a hand pressed itself against the side of her face; as it sank into her, through skin, flesh and bone, she began to choke as her breath was stifled. Iain reached out to her; she took a step towards him, and screamed as her sight was blinded. “Iain,” she cried desperately, stretching out her hands. She could hear them all around her - open her eyes, she had to open her eyes. She had to open – 
Opening her eyes, she found herself in the bedroom with her family standing silently around the bed, looking down at her, trying to be brave for her, trying to hold on.  But there were tears in their eyes. Her daughter was holding her hand, resting her head beside her on the pillow. The moment which would always stay with them, she thought; and realized the moment had already come as the doctor came forward and closed her eyes. 
The living-room caved in on her. There were only the phantoms – everything else was hidden; frantic, restless, they shape-shifted as they stretched out their hands - all around her, frantic, desperate faces that opened their mouths to scream before they lost shape. But even the faceless ones had a voice. They wouldn’t stop. They wanted to be heard. 
“I’m coming,” Iain shouted at her in the distance, as another hand reached out and stole her sight again.  
The truck came at her without warning. As it struck her, it dragged her under and went over her before it could screech to a stop - and then she was thrown across the road. Her body was broken – she was paralysed, and she could taste warm blood in her mouth. Struggling to focus, she could only look up as people looked down – most were concerned, others were simply curious; but they all dissolved into red as  the blood crept into her eyes; and as their voices fell away – as all the sounds around her were suffocated – she could only think about the things she would never have the chance to do. 
The voices came back to her. She was back in the living-room. She screamed as a hand seized her shoulder and pulled her back. “It’s me,” Iain shouted, taking her into his arms. “It’s okay. It’s me.”
“No more,” she pleaded, seeing him now, turning and clinging to him, waiting for the next entity to show her their death. “I want it to stop!”
“I’m sorry,” he whispered into her ear. “It’s my fault.”
“I don’t understand,” she cried.
“I remember…I remember thinking I wanted to be with you,” he went on. “I didn’t want to die alone. I didn’t realize they’d come back with me. I just wanted to come back home.”
Before she could respond, she felt the strength drain from his body; his arms slipped away from her, his knees buckled against her, and he slid down to the ground.  Impulsively, she reached out to help him, but she knew it was too late. He lay at her feet, lifeless, clutching at the wounds that had killed him, his eyes wide open, stained with tears. 
It was all over. Satisfied, the entities drew back as they lost their substance, rapidly dissolving into shapeless shadows, into fragments, into nothing. The voices drew away into different directions. They had what they wanted now. There was no reason to stay. 
But she didn’t care; it didn’t matter. Numbed with shock, she sank onto her knees. Stooping down, she closed his eyes. “You’re home,” she said softly, stroking his face gently, thinking it was good that she had been with him when he died for the second time. The tears suddenly came to her eyes. “It’s okay, everything’s okay now. You’re home.”

The Dangerous Hours




"Are we ready?"
"The camera's gone again."
"Perfect timing. Aren't you supposed to check the equipment before we take them on locations?"
"I did. You'll have to give me a moment. I've got another battery in my bag."
"I don't suppose I've got much choice."
"If you want the use of my equipment, no, you haven't."
"Cass...?"
Her hand shook and twisted at the curtain as she heard her name being called out so carelessly; out in the open, it was a piece of knowledge to be used by whatever hid in the house. He shouldn't have said her name. 
"Yes," she said evenly, watching the passers-by in the street. They were moving too quickly, and they seemed far away. It was the house; it was alienating them from the outside.  
"It shouldn't be long now."
Reluctantly, she released the curtain. Sensing her, hidden things stirred in the house as she turned and looked at the room again; waiting, the extreme cold surrounded her, crept under her skin and stayed there as the room appeared to close in with the desire to confine her - with its scarred walls, rotting floorboards, a neglected, derelict space. 
The current owner had abandoned the house after only two weeks as its resident. He refused to return - even for one night with a team of ghost hunters to accompany him; and, knowing the harm it was capable of, he refused to sell the house on. For the past forty years, passing through numerous unsatisfied owners, it had been left empty for the most part. But not tonight. Tonight every room was swarming with thrill seekers, and every room was cluttered with cameras and all kinds of equipment to detect and record manifestations of the supernatural.
The house was waiting for them.
"Cass, are you okay?"
Her eyes met his nervously. "There's something here," she said, and started as the incoherent, muffled voices of two men reverberated within the walls around her. They were arguing furiously with each other. "There's definitely something here."
Bill grinned at her. "Excellent."
"No, you don't understand," she said, trying to keep her voice steady. "This doesn't feel right - it's not like all the other times."
"In what way?"
She stared down at the ground. The presence had been there for a split second when she had entered the house; recognising what she was, it had retreated before she could explore it any further. "I'm not sure," she said honestly, pressing the tips of her fingers against the side of her head as her mind searched the house to hunt it down. But there was nothing - just the voices, and they were insistent, eager for her attention. "I can't  find it."  
"Then there's nothing to be afraid of."
"No," she exhaled, looking up at him. "That's...that's not what I mean -"
"The past can't hurt you," he explained calmly. "And that's all these things are in the end - echoes from the past, supernatural special effects with no substance. That's all."
"It's done," Evan said. "Let's get on with the show."
Bill clasped his hands together. "Cass, it's too late to get anyone else. We need you."
They weren't the first paranormal investigators to spend the night in the house. They had all experienced a few chills and unpleasant sounds - some had managed to capture footage of red orbs in the rooms upstairs. Bill was right. It was like a rollercoaster ride with all the thrills - that was all it could be, because the past wasn't strong enough to assert its presence. It could only reach out to them with tricks that other sceptics might be able to find an explanation for or dismiss. This house wasn't any different than the other houses they had investigated.       
Lowering her head, she listened to the incoherent voices as she readied herself. "I'll do it," she said. "I'm ready."
"Fantastic," Bill said, clapping his hands. He turned to the others inside the room and shouted orders. "One minute. Lights off. Come on. Everybody, it's time to shut up!" 
Mentally distancing herself from the people around her, allowing the influences she had kept at bay to reach out to her, she released her consciousness and looked openly at her surroundings again, barely aware of the mobile camera as it was trained on her, of the others in the room staring at her expectantly and waiting for her to speak. 
"There's..." She faltered. Her eyes widened as the phenomenon took shape. "There's two men," she said.   
The voices swelled towards her and exploded inside the room. They were coherent now. 
"Yes, two men. They're brothers. They're arguing with each other." Taking them in, she held her breath for a moment, and then exhaled breathlessly as their raw emotions touched her. "There's so much anger." 
"You killed them!" 
She stood back with shock as the voice resonated jarringly inside her head. 
"You killed them! I know you did."
"Two brothers," she said again, sensing their minds now. "Bruce and James. It's Bruce. It's something he did. He murdered -"
Two tremulous, shapeless black pools squirmed agitatedly out of the air in front of her; rapidly extending their forms, they flitted close to each other, against each other. As the past kept reaching out to her, there were intermittent, half-formed glimpses of  the two men - contorted, liquid faces, hands that lost their shape as they stretched out. 
"James is convinced that Bruce is responsible for a number of murders," she went on waveringly. "He's found some clothes covered with blood, and the description the police have given of the murderer matches his brother."
"You're going to the police!"
She watched curiously as one of the forms swept out of the room. "James wants his brother to go to the police. Bruce isn't listening. He's going upstairs."
"Let's go," she heard Bill say. But she was already making her way out of the room. They all followed her as she climbed the staircase, and instinctively entered the main bedroom. 
She could see the two men now, and she could see the room as it had once been - it was being decorated by the two men; they had bought the house with the intention of renovating it and selling it on. 
"Is anything happening?" Bill said. He was impatient now. 
She had forgotten the crew. "They're fighting now," she answered, watching the men grappling with each other as they rolled across the floor, and Bruce managing to pin his brother down. "Bruce wants to kill his brother. He's got his hands around his throat - the other hand's against his brother's face. He's stronger. James is suffocating -"
Cass caught her breath as James reached out and slashed his brother's face with a stripping knife. With a cry of pain, Bruce fell back. She heard a sickening crack as his head struck the fireplace. 
"He's killed him."
"James is dead."
"No," she almost hissed at him. "Bruce is dead. His brother found a weapon. He had no choice but to kill him."
Cass took an unconscious step forward and studied James. He was terrified. Shaking his head repeatedly with disbelief, trembling, he looked down at the dead body of his brother. 
"Don't," Cass warned him, catching the man's desperate thought. 
But it had already happened. She watched as James reached under the body's arms and dragged it through a door into a smaller connecting room; a room which dissolved with the two brothers as they receded back into the past. 
There was just a wall there now. 
Shuddering as the present returned to her, she shook her hand at the wall. "He's in there. There's another room. He's behind the wall."
Holding herself, she drew back into a corner of the room as Bill reached for his cell phone and the others moved eagerly towards the wall and began to take their readings. Knowing what he planned to do, she found herself growing increasingly uneasy as she listened to Bill's conversation. She couldn't sense anything now - and that was wrong, because, in varying degrees, there was always an awareness of a presence in a house. It was as though, receiving what it wanted, the presence had deliberately withdrawn and concealed itself from their radar; it had led them all to this room, and now it was waiting. But what was it waiting for? 
Bill grinned at them as he snapped his cell phone shut; he was pleased with himself. "The owner doesn't care about the house. He's given us the go-ahead to knock down the wall. The tools should be here soon."
She looked at him uneasily. "Are you sure that's wise?"
His brow furrowed with surprise. "We can't just leave it there, can we?" He stepped forward and placed his hand on her shoulder. "You don't look well. Maybe you should take a breather."
"I'm okay," she replied. But she wasn't okay; her stomach was tied up in knots - she couldn't even bring herself to look past him at the wall. If she had just kept quiet. This was her fault. They were making a mistake - whatever was there, it was better to leave it alone. 
Why? 
Her mind could offer no reason for her fear. Silently, she watched them for a while, but their excitement was too much for her. It wasn't until she left the room and felt an unmistakeable rush of relief, that she realized how much the room had preyed on her mind. She had intended to escape to one of the rooms below, but her curiosity got the better of her when she passed the next room and saw Harry scrutinising the live feeds - seven monitors had been set up on a table in the middle of the room. He glanced up and smiled as she entered and sat beside him. "It's all happening," he said cheerfully. 
"Bill's pleased," she replied, making no effort to hide her disgust. 
"Well, it's not every day you get a corpse." 
"No," she admitted, and suppressed a shiver as her eyes fell on the feed streaming from the main bedroom and caught one of the team entering the room with a sledge hammer. "This is wrong," she whispered.
"What?" Harry muttered distractedly, studying the feed on another screen.  
"This is - "
Cass flinched as the sledge hammer was swung heavily into the wall. It was a hasty, flimsy construction, because some of the bricks separated and gave way immediately - and a part of the door was exposed with the first blow. They didn't stop. More blows followed in quick succession, and the door was soon accessible through the hole. Bill couldn't contain himself. Unable to wait for them to finish, he pushed open the door and proceeded to climb through the hole - and before he was inside, an object, only a few inches in size; a transparent, squirming mass, flew past him and out of the room. 
"Did you see that?" she cried. 
Puzzled, Harry looked closely at the screen. "What?"
"Something went past him!"
"I didn't see - bloody hell."
They were bringing the corpse out of the room now. They were able to see most of its body through its worn, tattered clothes - rodents had eaten their way through them to reach the flesh - there were holes in these areas; a shrivelled, desiccated body with its limbs twisted protectively into itself, its mouth yawning wide, frozen in a scream, and its lost eyes staring sightlessly ahead. But it was irrelevant. There was something else that concerned her more than the pitiable shell on the screen now; crawling into her consciousness as it asserted its presence and swelled convulsively into a form that was far from human; something driven blindly by a hatred that had been left to fester for years.  
There was a scream from below. Bill and all the others in the room next to them ran past the door. They thought it was another manifestation of the supernatural to film on their cameras. They wanted to see what it was.
"Look," Harry yelled at her, pointing to the monitors. 
Involuntarily, she obeyed, and witnessed the people below them dying before their eyes, being hunted like animals by something that kept on moving out of the cameras' range. But they caught glimpses of it, of its face, and they could see that whatever it was, it was merciless; ignoring the screams as it trapped and swiftly closed in on its prey, reaching out with hands that choked, and smashed, and mutilated.
And then everything stopped. 
They had brought this on themselves. They had come to this house looking for the irrefutable proof of the existence of the supernatural, ready to be surprised, intrigued, and more than ready to be disturbed – it was entertainment, after all; there had to be moments of apprehension to entertain their viewers – it was expected. As always, they had been secure in the knowledge that nothing they saw had the capacity to hurt them, that in the morning it would all be over, and they would just pack up their things as usual and move onto the next house on the list. They had expected everything, and expected nothing. It wasn’t supposed to be real – not this real. These things weren’t supposed to happen. For God’s sake, these things weren’t supposed to - 
Without warning, her own sight was smothered and she found herself looking down at the dead bodies in the living-room. A stifled moan of revulsion broke from her lips as a distinct consciousness slipped effortlessly into her mind and began to feed her its thoughts. The entity was inside her; she could see through its eyes.
It wasn’t over yet. 
Searching, listening, watching for the slightest movement, the thing moved systematically from room to room, and as it did so, it bent down to scrutinise the dead bodies in its sight, and it checked to make sure they were dead. 
“Dead...” she choked out involuntarily, echoing the thought in its mind. “This one’s dead…dead...dead...“
“Stop it,” Harry hissed urgently into her ear, his hand shaking as he clutched her shoulder. 
Her head convulsed backwards as the appalling vision of her dead colleagues was abruptly severed. Her thoughts were her own again, but there was a moment of frantic confusion as her eyes roved over the monitors in front of her. The live feeds were still coming through from every room in the house. The first sight that drew her attention was the desiccated corpse in the bedroom next to them – hidden, forgotten, bricked up for years in a small room behind one of the walls until they had pulled it out into the open. And then she saw the dead bodies in all of the rooms below them. 
“All of them,” she whispered with disbelief, shaking her head. “It’s killed all of them.” 
Harry shook his head. “It’s not happening...how can this be happening?”
“It’s our fault,” she said hoarsely. “We should have left it alone. It’s our - “
“It’s there...it’s in the living-room!” 
As she followed his gaze, the half-formed, grinning face of the entity was already in her mind; she realized she was afraid to look at it again – it had no right to exist. 
The camera inside the living-room looked down on it – it was standing only a few feet away, looking straight ahead. With a glistening, ashen skin that was bruised and almost fragmented in parts – it had a misshapen face that looked as though it were melting, struggling to hold its pieces together, and black, sunken, shrivelled eyes that squirmed as they looked outwards. 
It wasn’t just standing there. The realization came to her just as it calmly lifted its head and looked up at the camera. 
“It knows we’re up here.” 
Harry’s chair fell back as he leapt to his feet. “We’ve got to make a run for it...while we’ve got the chance,” he breathed out tremulously. He was visibly shaking as he stared down at the thing’s face. “While it’s in the living-room – we’ve got to get out!”
She shook her head. “It’ll be waiting for us,” she insisted. We have to stay here!”
“I’m not waiting for it to come to us,” he shouted desperately at her, and began to run towards the door. Following, she stretched out her hand and seized hold of his arm just as he came to the staircase. But he was panic-stricken now; he could hardly see her. As she struggled to pull him away from the landing, his arms thrashed against her, and he struck her across the face. The shock made her lose her hold – he was half-way down the staircase before she could do anything more to stop him, and in the passage, he reached out towards the front door. 
Waiting. 
She had known it would be ready for him, but she still recoiled from the sight of it. There wasn’t even the opportunity to warn him as the thing slipped swiftly and soundlessly out of the living-room towards him; with melting hands that almost lost their shape, clutched hold of his head and dragged him down to the ground. 
And stole the air. 
Smiling, it watched him choking for air as it held steadfastly onto his frantically writhing body, bent its head sideways with an unmistakeable curiosity as the body went limp and slumped forwards. She knew what was coming, and felt its eyes turning on her, heard the body being thrown aside, as she staggered backwards and reached out to the bedrooms for a place to hide.
She found herself stumbling into the bedroom where they had discovered the corpse, driven by one thought, a persistent, desperate thought; that it wouldn’t want to return to the room they had found it in, and it wouldn’t want to be confronted with its death. 
Her body shook uncontrollably as she reached under the corpse’s arms and carried it back with her through the hole in the wall into the small room; and pulled the cold, shrivelled body against her as the entity appeared in the doorway and entered the room. 
And stopped.
Dropping onto its knees, the smile died on its face as it stared steadily at her. But it wouldn’t look at its physical body. It was reluctant to go any further. It was waiting for her.
But it couldn’t wait indefinitely. In the morning it would disappear, and would return again with the night. This was the ancient law of hauntings and manifestations, she had been told so many times - the dead crawled out of hiding at night, in the dangerous hours, and in the morning, in the cold light of day, everything was alright again. Yes, they had given flesh to its vague, rumoured presence when they had discovered its body, but it couldn’t sustain its form permanently. The morning, she would be safe in the morning. She just had to wait. 
Her arms tightened around the body as the smile returned to its face. 
All she had to do was wait.
