Jashandar’s Wake - Book Two: Unclean Places

By L. S. Kyles

Published by L. S. Kyles at Smashwords
Copyright 2013 L.S. KYLES
All rights reserved.
ISBN: 9781301488827

Smashwords Edition, License Notes
Thank you for downloading this free ebook. You are welcome to share it with your friends. This book may be reproduced, copied and distributed for non-commercial purposes, provided the book remains in its complete original form. If you enjoyed this book, please return to Smashwords.com to discover other works by this author. Thank you for your support.



Discover other titles by L. S. Kyles at Smashwords.com:

Jashandar’s Wake – Book One: The Happenings 



Dedication

For Danielle,
Who reminds me of the way things were.



Table of Contents

Part Five: The Missions
Chapter One
Chapter Two
Chapter Three
Chapter Four
Chapter Five
Chapter Six
Chapter Seven
Chapter Eight
Chapter Nine
Chapter Ten
Chapter Eleven
Chapter Twelve
Chapter Thirteen
Chapter Fourteen
Chapter Fifteen
Chapter Sixteen
Chapter Seventeen
Chapter Eighteen
Chapter Nineteen
Chapter Twenty
Chapter Twenty-One
Chapter Twenty-Two

Part Six: Unclean Places
Chapter Twenty-Three
Chapter Twenty-Four
Chapter Twenty-Five
Chapter Twenty-Six
Chapter Twenty-Seven
Chapter Twenty-Eight
Chapter Twenty-Nine
Chapter Thirty
Chapter Thirty-One
Chapter Thirty-Two
Chapter Thirty-Three
Chapter Thirty-Four
Chapter Thirty-Five
Chapter Thirty-Six
Chapter Thirty-Seven
Chapter Thirty-Eight
Chapter Thirty-Nine
Chapter Forty
Chapter Forty-One
Chapter Forty-Two
Chapter Forty-Three

About the Author



Part Five:

The Missions



Chapter 1

By an extraordinary coincidence of nearly magical proportions, at the very moment that Brine Denbauk found himself standing at the back of the royal gardens—his ruinous gaze resting on the immense pile of flagstones where, moments earlier, his brother Jaysh had been propping his foot and cradling his cat-thing—Kowin the healer was also thinking about rocks.
Only the pile of rocks on Kowin’s mind was as different from the decorative rocks in the royal gardens as night was from day. His pile of rocks rose three stories into the sky, lay deep in the choking, motionless grasses of the Southern Sway, and—by definition alone—were not rocks. 
They were boulders (giant, brown boulders) and they had been carried there, into that smooth and rockless prairie, by the very monster that lived atop their backs. After all, it was not for alliteration alone that the great mound had been coined the Devil’s Dome. 
As one might expect, the monstrous creature living atop the Devil’s Dome was also on Kowin’s mind, though not as much as the boulders. The creature, after all, was classified as missing—no threat to him there, so long as it stayed missing—and it wasn’t the creature he was in danger of falling from and breaking ever bone in his pigment-challenged body.
Come to think of it, the golden-skinned beast actually ranked in at number three on the healer’s list of grievances. After the stones, the beast itself came in at a distant third behind the inert, green prairie surrounding the stones.  
To understand Kowin’s dislike of the Sway, one need only apply a simple mathematic equation. First, take the healer’s approximate height (seven-hands), then subtract the approximate height of the indigenous grass (eight-hands), and there was the answer. The negative answer. 
Kowin couldn’t see where he was going. He knew which direction he was going (based roughly upon the position of the sun), but he could not see that direction. He could see only the curtain of grass and cockleburs through which he was kicking and thrashing…the kicking and thrashing being the other reason he disliked this region of the kingdom.
In order for Kowin to make any sort of progress through the Sway, he had to lean into the grass at a rather severe angle, flail both arms and legs in a vicious tearing-kicking motion, and, in essence, swim through the thistles and spear-grass and purple nests of briars. 
To make matters worse, he had to perform these aerobic exercises wearing a one-piece, sackcloth robe over his pasty body. Well, he didn’t have to wear the garment, but the alternative was to endure an agonizing stinging sensation on all his exposed flesh. 
Eager to avoid said stinging sensation, Kowin was forced to move through the reeds with his sleeves pulled down over his hands (the ends gripped tightly in his palms) and his hood hauled down over his face (the hem clenched firmly between his teeth).
Needless to say, Kowin had developed a Hierarchy of Hatred since setting out from the cobbles of Castle Arn. It was a virtual pyramid of loathing constructed with a foundation of insubordinate horses on the bottom (one hateful palomino in particular), a row of influential families above that (the long-haired brat and hick-king, mostly), a layer of military personnel atop that (the scrawny general, chief among them), and finally, serving as the evil capstone of this wicked structure, the mad, mad halfling. 
Kowin knew this fool’s plan had not been the halfling’s doing. He knew, as well, that he could just as easily hate the long-haired brat, Iman, for coming up with the plan and the hick-king, Jaysh, for authorizing the plan (or even the high-strung palomino that had kicked him through the stall door and refused him as rider), but in the end he did not. 
In the end, he saved his malice for the hobbling demon with the double-headed axe. It was the hobbling demon, after all, that had done this to him. The long-haired brat could concoct all the plans he wished and the slack-jawed hick-king could authorize them until he was blue in his vine-stuffed face, but it was that crippled rat-fink who enforced them. 
Thinking back to the enforcement in question, Kowin recalled how the horrible halfling had purposefully waited until sunrise to deliver the royal decree, even though the decision to send the healer to the Devil’s Dome had been reached at the end of a very long and arduous meeting the night before. 
Kowin knew when the decision had been reached because, at the time, he’d been skinning a live groundhog in his chamber and was eavesdropping on the debate with the listening crystal hidden beneath the roundtable. 
But does mad halfling bring paper at night, when sun down and moon up and I can hides my skin in shadow?
Spit no! 
The halfling had bided his time that evening, had gotten a bit of shuteye himself in that stinking bedchamber of his, and only then did he mosey down to the cellar to deliver the royal decree to the healer’s chamber. 
Kowin had been working in the back of the room at the time. He’d been sitting on the sticky, rough-hewn floor and holding what appeared to be a miniature bear trap in his pasty, bloodstained hands. 
Not that anyone could have seen him in the nearly nonexistent glow of the seeing sphere, and not that anyone could have heard him with the nearly palpable growl of the guard-frog in the rear closet, but Kowin was actually cleaning the steely-toothed contraption. 
He was scrubbing away the gore of yesterday’s victim and preparing the device for today’s unlucky prey. It was an act so ritualistic that he would have had no trouble committing it in the absolute darkness of the Kilashan caves and with all the imps of Sira’s Pit moaning in his ears. In fact, so engrossed was the healer in the cleansing process that the thud at the chamber door took him completely by surprise.  
Thunk!
He looked up. The noise at the door hadn’t been a knock or a rap, and it had not come twice or three times. On the contrary, it had been a single menacing collision, the sound of someone walking straight into the vertical planks between his chamber and the outer hall. 
Kowin held his breath and listened, suddenly wishing he could quiet the guard-frog grumbling in the closet.
Thunk! 
Kowin winced and set his trap on the floor. He had no idea who—or what—was outside his chamber door, but he couldn’t say he didn’t know why they were there. He’d heard the imbecilic debate last night the same as everyone else at the roundtable. 
The long-haired brat had been whining about the vast number of royal subjects either killed by the happenings or driven out by their inhospitable effects. He’d then gone on to whine about the last of the castle’s able-bodied guard being sent west to fortify the Mad Man’s Pass, and he’d finished his whine by raising a challenge to those at the roundtable to do their part in resolving the happenings. 
We have to do our part! he’d cried. Our king is calling us to do our part!
Kowin had thought this an interesting point to make seeing how the hick-king was nowhere to be found, but when a few of the counselors pointed this out to the long-haired brat—the titan-wench for one, the scrawny general for another—the brat simply ignored their pleas and produced four pieces of parchment detailing four separate missions.
He doesn’t need to be here, the brat told them. His signature speaks for itself. 
It was not the king’s name, per se (it was missing too many of the appropriate letters to be his name), but it was the king’s signature. Only a king who’d dropped out of his elementary studies at the ripe old age of five could make such a mockery of the written language. 
The long-haired brat pointed to the bottom of each royal decree and indicated the poorly-scrawled symbols that should have formed the name, Jashandar, but instead formed names like, Jockender, Justidore, Jenendeer, and, in the last instance, simply, Jooooooor. 
By that time, though, the royal counselors were more interested in the names listed in the body of the decrees.
Being no exception, Kowin dropped his gory utensils and left the groundhog where it squirmed. He all but ran to the seeing sphere and dropped the area of focus to each of the four decrees, moving from one idiotic mission to the next until he found the one titled, Mission Four: Golden One, with the name, Kowin - Royal Healer, listed in the details of the decree. 
That what out there now, Kowin thought, staring at the thunking door of his dungeon chamber. Stupid paper out there, waiting for me to open door. 
He curled his upper lip and remained frozen on the floor. If whoever was out there thought he was going to open that door, thus consenting to the brainless mandate written on that paper, they had another thing coming. They had better pull their head from the fermented corn juice they’d been drinking and think again. 
He’d watched those proceedings himself—or at least the parts after his name had been mentioned—and it wasn’t even the king making the plans. It was the brat with the long-hair, the brat who’d played with the king when they were boys, the one who’d come to live with the hick-king’s family after the brat’s own parents proved too stupid or lazy to raise him. 
So if that worthless spawn of a madman’s seed thought Kowin was going to take orders from the likes…from the likes of… 
A puff of gray smoke wafted beneath the chamber door, visible in the thin strip of light coming from the hall.
Kowin shuddered at the sight.



Chapter 2

Many leagues north of the Southern Sway, somewhere between the sprouts and stalks that comprised Arn’s Promise, Brine Denbauk was standing in the muddy ditch that had once been the Leresh and trying to imagine what his face must look like. 
It was bad, he knew—real, real bad—but without a mirror in his pack or a pool of water nearby (not to mention, both eyes pasted shut with river mud), he could only imagine the degree of badness. 
But it was bad last time, he grumbled. Why would it be any different this time? 
He dragged his fingers through the alcoves of both eyes and the flat of his mouth (a wad of soupy muck building on his fingers), and then flung it at the ground. He scraped at his face a few more times, doing so until he could blink open his lashes, and stared down at the thick mess caked to his palms and robes. 
Oh, yeah. It was just as bad as the last time; Maybe worse. 
He slung his hands at the creek bed and made a face no good Amian should ever make. The truly irritating part about this was that he’d tried to avoid such a confrontation. 
The night Iman had distributed the missions and he’d seen his name on the Leresh decree—somewhere beneath the name of Counselor Sneel and the thirty or so Lathians they planned to recruit—he’d decided right then and there to greet each name on the list. 
I’ll go make friendly with them, he’d said. I’ll get acquainted with them, he’d said. I’ll get to know them as soon as they arrive and then things won’t be so awkward on the trial. 
Now, however (as he pressed his palms to his forehead and ran them over his head, listening to the sound of muck as it sloughed from his hair and plopped into the mud), he wondered if he hadn’t missed the mark.
Things aren’t awkward now, are they? Oh, no. They’re not awkward at all. My new friends are just having a series of accidents, that’s all. Three accidents, to be exact. Three accidents in the same da—No, no, no. Not the same day. The same morning! It’s only morning! At this rate, it’ll work out to be five or six accidents by the time we go to bed!
From deep inside his belly, the fire-voice said, No one’s that clumsy, Rugs. 
Oh? Brine answered, sarcastically. You don’t think I know that?
The fire voice said, Not even bumbling Godfry’s that clumsy. 
At this, Brine remembered his former teacher and stopped slinging his hands like a crazy person. There was always the chance that Godfry had experienced his own nasty accident and, as a consequence, wouldn’t mind a little extra mud on his robes, but since the old man had remained exempt from the first accidents, Brine erred on the side of caution and directed the muddy excess on his hands at the soupy creek bed between his ankles.
Better safe than sorry, he thought, sliding his hands over his ears and discovering he could hear the old man back there, the sound of slow and irregular footfalls struggling through the mire, the sound of desperate breaths being sucked down a windpipe. 
But he’ll still try and talk, Brine thought, smirking to himself. God love him, he could be breathing his last and he’d still try to talk.
“…hel…hello…,” Godfry panted. “…hello there…”
Brine stopped dragging his fingertips through the grooves of his face and frowned. He wondered why Godfry would be telling him hello. It was possible that the old man had forgotten who he was again—My, oh my, that never got old—but it was equally possible the old man was speaking to someone else, someone coming up hard on their right.
From behind Godfry, in sharp contrast to the old man’s weak and meandering footsteps through the mire, there came the sound of something heavy stomping through the riverbed, the sound of tree trunk legs churning up the sprawling trail of slop. 
Had they been in the Sway to the south, Brine would have guessed he was listening to the passage of a bull or stallion stamping through the pasture, but since they were here in the fields of Arn’s Promise, he guessed it was the adult male of another species. He did not, however, need to guess what the creature was up to.
In the same panicked movement, Brine went scrambling out of the way and turned to face the oncoming footfalls, glancing up just in time to spy a barrel-chested man charging towards him from the eastern bank. The man was wearing knee-high boots, baggy trousers, and a sleeveless vest that allowed Brine to see the spidery thatch of armpit hair exploding from between his massive chest and his meat-slab arms. 
Leaning heavily on his stick, sandals clutched loosely in one hand, Godfry said, in a series of panting half-breaths, “…and how…how are you…today…good si—?”
“I’m very well,” Brine said, taking his teacher by the arm and drawing him very gently out of the way. 
“…not…not you…,” Godfry protested, giving him a weary, yet quizzical look. “…I was… speaking to…to this…this gentleman…” 
“Oh,” Brine said, making no indication that he saw the other man, save for the quick series of high-steps he made to get clear of him. “I’m sorry. I, uh…I didn’t see him there.” 
“…he’s…right…there…,” Godfry explained, nodding at the man with his bushy head of cottony hair. 
Continuing to avoid eye contact with the violent escort, Brine kept his gaze on the man’s torso, making a show of comparing the man’s bristling armpit hair with his frothing chest hair, and said, “Well, if you’re interested, I can tell you that I’m not doing so—” 
Turning away from Brine and towards the man behind them, Godfry said, “…love…lovely weather…eh?” 
Forgetting himself for the moment, Brine’s gaze left the mercenary’s forest of chest hair and made contact with his eyes. He watched as the man’s curly black beard split in the conniving grin of a weasel, a grin Brine had been seeing all morning long: bruised and lumpy gums, bent and yellowed teeth—missing teeth—flecks of black here and there (from the vine). 
Letting the grin linger, the man tipped Brine a nod, hoicked his pack higher on his back, and turned his head back to the western bank. He never once glanced at the old man in the bright yellow robes. 
Brine dropped his gaze from the big man’s face and let it droop like a violet on a cloudy day. He marked the man’s passage by the wet plopping of his boots. 
“…there…,” Godfry muttered, adjusting his foot in the mud, “…did you see that…Sam’s boy…did you see…that man didn’t see me either…” 
Brine paused in his sludge-removal and glanced sideways at his former teacher. It was possible, he supposed, that the mud had finally sucked the bright yellow robes from the old man’s body, but such was not the case. When he glanced to the left, he saw the same canary-yellow garb Godfry had been wearing earlier that day, the same assortment of, what appeared to be, lime-green monkey arms sown into the fabric. 
Shaking his head, Brine doubted strongly that anyone with two working eyes could miss this esthetic abomination, but he kept that to himself. Over the past few days, he had learned the hard way that there was no reasoning with his former teacher. For that matter, there was no arguing with him either. 
It seemed that somehow, over the last ten ages of his estrangement, his childhood mentor had finally succeeded in saturating his mind. He’d grabbed for one too many books, he’d entertained one too many thoughts, and his mind had finally reached maximum occupancy. 
This would explain why previously acquired information was now seeping out, such as Brine’s identity. It would also explain why new information wasn’t seeping in, like all the reasons Brine had given for not wearing a banana-tinted outfit or, better yet, not going to the Harriun in the first place. Brine wasn’t the only one, either. 
The council had given the old codger ample reason for refraining from these missions—the fact that he was an old codger ranking high among them—but the old codger simply refused to listen. As soon as Godfry realized that everyone else’s name was printed on one of the four decrees and that his was the only name omitted, the council might as well have stuck their heads out the nearest window and argued with the ravens on the parapets or the ants in the mortar.
Stay and oversee the castle, Mums had urged him. A common point of reference for the other missions is just as important as participating in a mission. To which Godfry had said, Now, which one are you going on, Mums? And after this, Reets had hobbled forward and said, Godfry, yeh ole goat, why don’tcha stay an’ do some’a that readin yeh like so much. Cain’t never get too much’a that readin, huh? To which Godfry had turned and said, And when does your trip leave, Reets? 
In the end, Godfry had simply worn them down, resisting their sagacious advice like a very old and obtuse pillar of hair. When it was clear that he was about to accompany the royal healer on what was likely the second most dangerous mission of the four—Fair’s fair, now. Poor Kowin’s taking his vacation all by his lonesome—Mums had grudgingly allowed the eldest adviser to accompany Balthus Sneel into the Harriun. 
Some of the other advisers had balked at this, Godfry among them, but once the titan had explained that it would be the safest of the missions (no other mission had thirty hired men-at-arms as acting escorts) the remaining advisers rescinded their objections. 
Except for Godfry, that was. He took slightly longer to convince than the others, one more example of his oversaturated mind. It was not until he was informed that Brine was going along that he changed his tune. 
Sam’s boy’s going? he had cheered. Oh, good. I haven’t seen Sam’s boy in ages! 
Sam’s boy, on the other hand, was not so happy. He’d been happy that first night in the castle, back when he thought his childhood idol still had a clue, but now…well, not so much. 
If he wasn’t pulling Godfry’s feet out of the river mud, he was detangling his walking stick from the bean sprouts or unhooking his satchel from the corn stalks. If it wasn’t a physical ailment requiring his attention, it was one of a cognitive nature. In fact, the vast majority of the issues were cognitive in nature. 
In no particular order, there was Godfry’s delusion that none of the other mercenaries could see him, his unshakable belief that they were all on holiday in the back of the royal gardens, his undying conviction that someone had stolen all the books from his pack, and last but not least his reoccurring certitude that the Forn River—the source of the Leresh and their intended destination in the north—was just over the next rise.
So no, there was no changing the thoughts in Godfry’s head (at least not without a sharp stick and a hammer). Brine could either ignore the old man or he could march back to the City of Onador and give up.
Sloughing off the muck from his arms, one arm at a time, Brine said, “I wonder what that’s about, them not seeing you.”
“…I…I don’t know…,” Godfry confessed, his head nodding, “…it’s like…it’s like I’m… invisible…Sam’s boy.” 
“That’s horrible,” Brine said, scraping at the layer of scum on his belly. “I wish there was something we could do about that.” 
“…indeed…,” Godfry said, staring at the embankment without shame, “…they seem to…to notice you just fine…”
Brine made a sideways glance at the western bank and caught a blurry glimpse of their Lathian escorts. They were jeering and pointing and, general speaking, having a hardy laugh at his expense. 
Forgive and forget, he told himself. 
You got that right, the belly-fire agreed. Because if they’re still acting like that after everything you and the old man have done, then there’s no help for them. Unless you want to go over and apologize for not getting out of their way? Is that what you want? Go over and tell them how sorry you are for getting knocked down? Maybe open the conversation by apologizing for all the air you’ve been breathing and all the space you’ve been taking up? 
He gave a weak chuckled at this, the only chuckle he’d had that day, and decided to forgive and forget. He wasn’t ready to give up on the Leresh Mission (or on fixing his kingdom and restoring the Temples of Owndiah) and the Lathians weren’t interested in making friendly, so forgive-and-forget was his only option. 
As for the most recent set of slurping noises he heard closing in from behind…
Very gently, Brine took his teacher by the arm, guided him away from the sounds, and spun to face his attacker. The hulking man in the river mud—the one who’d been drifting steadily towards him as he cut across the Leresh—quickly straightened his path into something resembling a line. He parted his lips at Brine and offered another ugly, vine-speckled grin. 
Some might have interpreted this gesture as a sheepish concession that the man had momentarily forgotten the rule about straight lines and the quickest routes between them, but Brine did not. Brine saw it for what it was…another bitter concession that the man’s mischief had been revealed. 
Tha’s one fer you, boy-o, those yellowed teeth declared. Tha’s one fer you, but let’s jus wait an’ see bout next time, huh?
Oblivious to the look, Godfry released his walking stick and raised an old and age-spotted hand. “Hello there,” he called, giving a palsied, little wave. “Nice day, today.” 
The Lathian mercenary crashed past the old man without so much as a cordial nod or a wink of acknowledgement, his menacing gaze never straying from the disciple. 
Godfry’s fatigued face sagged with consternation. “Did you hear me, Sam’s boy?” 
Brine ran his fingers down his sides and flipped the excess at the ground. “Yes,” he said, pulling the back of his robes around (the clean side) and wiping off his hands. 
His teacher lowered his bushy brows and brooded over this, staring at the wet of the riverbed as he constructed his next question. He seemed to have one forming, as indicated by the slight quivering in the vicinity of his lips, but before the inquiry could come the old man placed his free hand to the walking stick and seeming to collapse upon it. 
“Are we close?” he asked.
Scraping his only slightly-cleaner hands across his forehead and cheeks, Brine said, “Close to what?”
“To stopping.”
Brine’s hand froze at his chin. He could feel his frustration with the Lathians trying to tear itself free and go after the old man. Now, now, now, he chided himself, taking a deep breath and praying a little prayer. 
When he was calmer, he said, “We’re still a long way from stopping, Godfry, but if you need a break…,” he held his hands at his sides, palms up, “…then we’ll break.”
“We will?” Godfry asked, frowning. “Won’t we fall behind?”
That’s the plan, Brine thought, staring at the blurry idiots on the riverbank. To the old man, he said, “A little.”
“A little?” Clearly bothered by the idea, Godfry lowered his white caterpillar brows, seemed to stare straight through the slop in which he stood—as though he were wading through crystal streams and counting the minnows—then quickly jerked his gaze to Brine and said, “Maybe Bal could slow the pace?”
Brine stopped grooming himself and shot a look at Godfry, the sort of look that should have prompted his aged companion to start shaking his head or lowering his eyes or saying things like, Oh, well. Never mind. Or, It was just a thought. Or, You know what, let’s do something else, something entirely different.  
But Godfry did none of those things. He went right on starting at him, as patient as the mud around their feet.
Brine peeled the straps of his pack away from his shoulders. “I don’t think so,” he said, speaking flatly.
Godfry made a baffled expression. “Come again, now?”
Brine shook his head. “It wouldn’t do any good,” he said. “He won’t listen.”
“Won’t listen, you say?” Godfry’s expression worsened. He was slowly coming to grips with the fact that he had understood the first time and that the problem was not with his ears, but with his young companion’s mouth. “And why’s that, Sam’s boy?”
 Oh, let’s see, Brine thought, there was the previous evening when we tried to introduce ourselves at the Shungate and they all streamed past our smiling faces and outstretched arms—Balthus included—then, of course, there was this morning, when I asked Sladge—our huge Lathain guide—a few questions about my map and the route we were taking and he just turned his back and walked away. And now, apparently, there’s this steady flow of men marching around us—ostensibly checking our back trail—and not one of them has managed to say Hi, Hello, or Kiss my backside? 
Retrieving his sandals from the muck (he’d been carrying them in his hands when he was struck from behind) Brine grabbed Godfry by the sleeve and began dragging him towards the western bank. 
“It’s just a feeling,” he said. 
Shambling along behind, looking more and more confused every moment, Godfry said, “Has something happened, Sam’s boy?”
Brine turned to the western bank and narrowed his ruined eyes until he was able to pick out a particularly large figure amidst the mob. Upon finding the giant of a man—his shaggy animal hide tunic pressing back the hoard, his thin rawhide bandana holding back the skeins of greasy black hair—he shifted his gaze to the hunched figure hovering at the man’s side. He stared for a very long time, the muscles in his face hardening like the mud on his robes. 
If he hoped to convince Godfry of the Lathians’ degenerate nature, he needed to put away hints and winks and proverbial nudges to the old man’s ribs. If he was going to make this work, he needed to pull out the wagon-sized canvas and start painting pictures with the use of bright, self-evident words. 
He also needed to be careful. 
Counselor Dowell—as well as the other counselors of the roundtable, it seemed—did not view Balthus with the same level of reptilian loathing that Brine did. Brine didn’t know how it was possible, but it was true. Over the ages, the royal advisers had simply acclimated to the hunchback’s disturbing peculiarities. 
That, he wondered, or the vile little creature has used magic to cloud their perception.
Brine thought back to the preternatural event he’d experienced in the king’s anteroom on that first night back from Valley Rock. He remembered the way his eyes had locked with those of Balthus, the way his body had drained of strength, the way the room had rushed past as though he were gliding across it. 
At the time, he’d shrugged the episode off as a bad case of the nerves. He certainly had plenty of those to go around, what with the prospect of entering his father’s bedchamber and watching the old man die; it wasn’t like you did that on a regular basis. 
But now, after giving the event careful consideration, he thought the numbness in his limbs might have been more than the effects of travel fatigue. He thought, as well, that the sensation of movement through the room might have been more than the dizzying effects of fear. 
Still staring at Balthus as he went creeping along the western bank, Brine said, “Do you remember when we were crossing the riverbed? The second time across?”
Beside him, Godfry said nothing.
“You remember when I…,” Brine’s face tightened, “…when I fell?” 
Again, his befuddled colleague said nothing, the epitome of senility.
“Well, I did fall,” Brine said, holding up his muck-crusted hands as evidence, “and it wasn’t an accident, either,” he added, checking behind the old man for more roaming attackers. 
Finding none, he fixed Godfry with a look and said, “I was pushed.” 
Godfry had begun to pant again, but he did manage an airy, but skeptical, “Pushed?”
“Yes,” Brine said. “Pushed.”  
“By Balthus?”
“No, not by…,” Brine bit his tongue and filled his lungs with an inhalation of warm, wet air. “It was one of the others, his hired hands.”
A silence followed, one in which Brine could almost hear the old man’s mind struggling to catch up, then Godfry said, “So we can’t speak with Bal because…,” his voice trailed off, his mind getting away from him, “…let me see if I have this…because some other fellow…pushed you down?”
“They work for him, Godfry,” Brine hissed. “Think about it.”
“Right, right, right,” Godfry agreed, “but Bal didn’t actually—” 
“I’m not speaking with him.”
“Right, right, but—”
“It’s not an issue!” Brine snapped, turning on the old man and pointing a trembling finger in his whiskered face. “It is not an issue! There’s no way we can lose them—No way!—not even if we gouged out or eyes and cut off our feet! Not even then!” 
There was a moment where Brine could actually feel the glowing white layer of his hatred and wrath baking off the arm he had thrust into his teacher’s face. After that, the layer quickly dissipated and he felt nothing but stupidity and cold and not a little bit of shame. His mouth was open and he closed it. He took notice of the filthy finger he’d shoved in the old man’s face and drew it away. 
“I’m sorry,” he said, turning to the western bank that stood only a few strides away. He made his way onto the firmer ground bordering the corn stalks and reached back for his teacher’s arm, helping him up the slope. “That wasn’t very Amian of me. I’m…I’m, uh…,” his words failed him and he stood there feeling like there was something more he should say and finding there was not. “I’m sorry,” he said, finishing lamely.  
Shambling onto the bank, stamping his sloppy feet against the ground, Godfry said, “Sorry for what now?”
Brine had to look away, he just had to. And a moment later, after he’d taken one or two deep breaths and spent time staring into Glory, he still couldn’t look at the old man. He reached over blindly, took Godfry by the arm, and began leading him to the north. 
With his other hand, he pointed a grimy nail at the ground and said, “We can’t lose them.” 
Beside him, Godfry followed the fingertip to the riverbank beneath them, squinting at churned mud and trampled corn stalks. 
I’m going to have to show him, Brine thought. I’m going to have to get down on my hands and knees and show him what I’m— 
Godfry’s eyes opened and his face spread wide in a classic ah-ha expression. “A trail!” he exclaimed. 
Brine lifted his gaze to the blue sky of Glory, uttered a silent prayer of gratitude to the Great Amontus, then lowered his eyes to the tiny figures in the north and said, “Would you like to stop and rest?”
Godfry groaned with delight. “Oh…yes…,” he said, and with that he slumped hard against his walking stick and let his head droop from between his shoulders. He stayed like that for a long time, staring down at the green fronds and shattered stalks, the mangled ground and innumerable boot tracks, then said, “Do you, by chance, have a book?”
Brine, who’d been watching their back trail and searching the river bed for more clandestine pushers, gave the old man a look. 
“Yes,” he said. “I do.”
“Ah, good, good…good…,” and just in case Brine had missed it, “…good.” 
Brine nodded slowly, waiting for Godfry to continue. “It is good, actually,” he said, hoping this might help. 
Still leaning on his stick, still staring aimlessly at the puddles of water that had formed in the Lathians’ boot prints, Godfry said, “Mind if I have a look?” 
“I…” Brine started, a flood of pride coating his insides. “Well, no. Not at all.” He pulled his pack around and untied the draw sting. The Wogol was right there on top, right where he’d left it. He pulled it out and handed it over. “Have you read it before?”
“More than likely,” Godfry said, holding the book at arms-length and squinting his eyes at the cover. “I’m a voracious reader, you know.” 
“Yes, I know,” Brine said, pulling the book from his teacher’s hands and flipping it around to the front…then pointing a finger to where the title was sown into the cover…then lowering his voice to a whisper and saying, “That says, Wogol.” 
Godfry glanced up at his student, then down at the book. “Wogol,” he said, sounding lost. He flipped open the cover and went thumbing through the pages.  
 Wincing at the blank expression on his teacher’s face, as well as the flippant nature of his browsing, Brine said, “You’ll be careful with it, won’t you?” 
“Oh, yes, yes,” Godfry assured him, flipping to the last few chapters. “I, of all people, know the value of a good book.”
Brine’s wince didn’t go away. “Well, it’s more than a book,” he said. “It’s the manual for how I live my life.” 
“Mm-hmm,” Godfry said, turning to the back page and trying to read the script.
“The title,” Brine said, “Wogol,” he clarified, “that stands for Words of Good Living.”
Godfry was frowning heavily at last page. “Oh, yes. Yes, of course,” he said, his voice absent of confidence. “Now, who was it who authored this work?”
Brine’s wince deepened. “It was dictated by Owndiah,” he said, “but I suppose the author would be his prophet, Amontus. Amontus did the actual scribing.”
Flipping back to the front, his brows practically lying on his nose, Godfry said, “Did he, now.”
“Yes,” Brine said flatly. He sounded as though he were coming down with food poising. “Do you think you’ll like it?”
“Oh, very much so,” Godfry said, glancing up long enough to give his student a smile. “Fiction is my favorite.”
Brine stood there with his mouth open, looking for all the world like one of the dead fish in the river bed behind him. He’d intended to tell Godfry about all his favorite passages, about the prophets of old foretelling God’s miracles, about Amontus (the Great Prophet) ministering to his people’s needs, about the lowly fishermen and street-sweepers finding God’s purpose in their lives… 
Somewhere beside him, Godfry was saying, “Don’t suppose you could make a loan of this, do you?”
Brine turned his stunned expression to the old man, just stifling the sneer that tried to form on his lips. He didn’t really want his teacher holding the book, let along carrying it, especially after that last remark. 
“Well, I would,” he said, “but it’s like I said. The Wogol is very dear to me. I’d hate for something to happen to it.” He pretended to consider the idea. “Hey, here’s a thought. Why don’t I…,” he gestured amiably to himself, or as amiably as he could considering that fiction comment, “…why don’t I read it to you?” He extended his hand for the book. 
Godfry wrinkled his nose, then gave his bushy head a violent shake. “Oh, that doesn’t work—Listening doesn’t work. I need to read the words. That’s the only way I can keep sharp.” He smiled warmly and tapped the side of one temple. “I’ll take good care, though.” He pulled his satchel from his hip, lifted the flap, and dropped the tome inside. “Don’t you fret.” 
Brine scratched at his head, then heard himself say, “Okay.” He scratched his head again and wondered if he wasn’t going crazy. Surely, he must be. Otherwise, his former teacher had just insulted one of his most treasure possessions, had asked to borrow it with the very next breath, and had stowed it away in his pack as Brine decline the request.
“Well, I have my wind back,” Godfry said, pulling his sandals from his shoulder and dropping them to the ground. He had only a moment’s trouble as his left foot—thick with muck and reeds—refused to slide into its straps, but after a bit of harsh stomping and curious hmming, the sloppy foot slid home and off he went, shambling after their Lathian guides. 
Brine stared after him, his numb lips still mouthing the word, okay, as he dropped his own sandals on the ground and slipped them on his feet.



Chapter 3

Still swim-thrashing through the thick reeds of the Southern Sway, Kowin shuddered a little at the memory of the smoke being blown beneath his chamber door, affected once more by the same feeling of dread he’d experienced on the day in question. 
He thought about the way he’d squatted in the darkness and watched the gray cloud rising from the floor, the compulsive need to know that gripped his mind and sent him crawling, pig-like, across the room. 
He stopped at the door and pressed his cheek to cold, rough floor, laying one pink eye to the threshold. 
Another puff of smoke slipped beneath the door and Kowin realized the person on the other side was kneeling down as well. 
“I see yeh, Spook,” the messenger said, his breath thick with burning berry leaves. 
Smelling this, Kowin’s breath stuck in his chest. There was only one person in the castle who smoked berry leaves, only one person who called him spook.
“Guess what?” the messenger growled. “Council’s got a job fer yeh.” More smoke, more burning berries. “Want’cha to go down to them stones in the Sway and have a look-see fer that great, golden freak.”
The very decree Kowin had inspected last night slid beneath the door and the messenger on the other side said, in a husky voice rife with ill-spirited mirth, “So I reckon yeh best get a move on, there Spooky. It’s a long walk fer som’un with li’le legs like yours.” The messenger chortled and said, “Lot’a nasty ole feather grass ‘tween here and there, I reckon.” The chortling became a cough as the smoke overtook his lungs. “Lot’a that nasty ole sunshine, too.”
Kowin sneered at the folded parchment, then shied away from it. 
As if in response to this move, the messenger on the other side of the door said, “An’ if’n yeh decide not to go, Spooky, I bet’cha can guess what happens to yeh.” Then, in a voice nearly choked with laughter, “An’ I bet’cha can guess who gets to do it to yeh, too!” 
The wicked chuckle rose from the floor and broke into an even louder guffaw, fading down the hall as the heartless messenger limped his way to the stairs. 
After that, Kowin didn’t move a muscle. He sat petrified on all fours until he could no longer hear the evil emissary in the stairwell. At some point, he must have scurried beneath the seeing sphere, hoisted his knees to his chin, and gotten lost in his thoughts, because that was how he found himself sometime later. 
He was curled in a ball and watching the dark light of the sphere reflecting off the talon-like nails on his toes, his thoughts drifting back to the one occasion he had disobeyed the vicious little cripple. 
It had been one or two kings back on the Jashian time line, back in the good old days before the healer was familiar with the brutal emissary from the Land of Erinthalmus and back when ugling sightings were a regular occurrence. 
At any rate, an ugling had been spotted somewhere near the rim of the Bottoms (slaughtering the Jashian cattle, as usual) and the wretched halfling had been sent to summon the healer from his chamber.
Naturally, Kowin had ignored the summons. He was a dark member to the Brood, after all, and he didn’t have to worry with the demands of some filthy cripple. As the twisted little man stood in the hall and barked his orders at the door, Kowin went about his merry business of cleaning traps and baiting snares. 
It was not until two days later, as Kowin stepped unsuspectingly from the shadows of his chamber and into the faded lantern light of the corridor, that he realized the error of his way. 
From out of nowhere, he was waylaid with something that felt a good deal like a piece of stove-length firewood, the voice on the other end of the firewood screaming, “Yeh gona do your job, Spook? Huh? Are yeh? Are yeh gona do it? Cause if’n yeh don’t—if’n I gota come back a second time—I’m gona use my axe!” 
Of course, there had never been a second time. The royal healer, like his crippled antagonist, was not stupid. He knew that anyone crazy enough to beat him senseless with a piece of firewood was also crazy enough to come back with a double-bladed axe and finish the job, and it was this image that sent the healer scrambling for the Devil’s Dome. 
He took a moment to picture himself dragging his body through the cellar with only his chin and whatever nubbins the beastly halfling had left at his hips and shoulders…and that had been enough. He crawled out from under the seeing sphere, pulled his sack-sloth hood over his pale, bald head, and set out for the Sway.
To be honest, though, it wasn’t the loss of his limbs that bothered the healer. For all he knew, they might grow back, but even if they didn’t, it wasn’t like their removal would hurt. Kowin had been gored by bulls, mangled by cougars, and chewed on by scabe-wolves, and he had never felt pain.
What bothered the healer were the consequences of losing those limbs. If the mad halfling removed his ability to walk and to point, Kowin wouldn’t be able to serve the Brood. And if Kowin wasn’t able to serve the Brood, he was going to be in a heap of trouble. 
The Brood didn’t like it when you accepted their supernatural gifts and then failed to make good on your promises. If, for example, you agreed to secure control of the Drugana in exchange for congenital analgesia and corporeal immortality, and then you lost control of the Drugana because you were hacked into a thousand pieces by a halfling with a death wish…the Brood would revoke their gifts. 
That was the downside to serving dark entities from beyond the great divide; they would be over there waiting on you once you left this plane of existence, and you would leave once they rescinded the immortality. You would pass over to their side of the divide and they would take you into the things they called arms and they would reacquaint you with your pain. 
Even in the blistering heat of the sun (trapped within the suffocating black of his sackcloth), Kowin felt a shiver of trepidation passing down his spine. He clenched his eyes shut and clawed a little harder at the reeds, eager to put this whole ordeal behind him.
“Stupid halfling,” he spat, speaking between mouthfuls of spear grass and milkweed. “Oh, how I hates the halfling. I hates him so much that I hopes he drop axe and cuts off big toe. Yes, yes. I hopes, maybe, he trip on gimp leg and he fall on axe. Oh, that even better. Maybe cut off head. Or maybe tear hole in belly and spill small, crippled guts all over the—”  
The feather grass that Kowin had been swimming through for the last two days disappeared from the end of his sleeves and he fell headlong into empty space. He managed a helpless yelp along the way, then slapped the ground with his belly, knees, and head. 
He couldn’t be sure—not with his cowl over his eyes and his senses jarred—but he strongly suspected he was stretched upon the ground, and had grass in his mouth. 
He made chewing motions with his teeth and discovered it was grass in his mouth. He shifted his arms and legs and felt whole clumps of matted weeds beneath the greasy fabric his robes. There was just as much grass in this hollow as there was anywhere else in the Sway, only it was bent over and smashed fla—
He jerked up his cowl and looked around. There was a dull throb in his face from the impact, but he ignored it. He was focused on the wall of grass that appeared to circle him on all sides. He ran his wide, pink eyes along its length. 
He gasped and sat bolt upright. This was it. This was the depression the long-haired brat had described to the council earlier that moon cycle, the depression he and the hick-king had supposedly found when they located one of the mystery killer’s victims, a cow with carcass folded in half and its sides perforated with tow fist-sized holes.  
At the time, Kowin hadn’t believed them. He’d suspected the brat of lying to make himself look good and the hick-king of not knowing what he was seeing. He suspected this because he knew the creature that killed in this manner—a dru’gye, the creature had been called—and their description was flawed beyond belief. 
First off, a dru’gye did not leave its prey to rot on the ground. It consumed its meals in one long and breathless slurp. Second, the depressions in the flora were almost as rare as the carcasses. Since the dru’gye’s metabolism was so slow and it only fed two or three times an age, the ground hollows usually sprang back up before ever being discovered. Third, and most importantly, the only dru’gye residing in Jashandar…did not feed in Jashandar.
As part of an unspoken truce, established between kingdom and dru’gye over an epoch ago, the kingdom and dru’gye were bound by a set of rights and responsibilities. As for rights, the kingdom extracted a small portion of the dru’gye’s natural byproduct as tribute to the crown and the dru’gye received a nest outside the range of his natural predators. As for responsibilities, the kingdom agreed to protect the dru’gye’s nest in the southern fringe of the land and the dru’gye agreed to do all its unnatural feeding outside the borders of the kingdom. 
But if that true, Kowin wondered, looking around stupidly the large depression of grass, what I lay in? 
His drooping cowl came to rest on a decaying bulge at one end of the hollow.
And what that laying over there? 
He turned his pale lips down and frowned at the dead thing in the corner. The creature’s spine and haunches were facing him, its head and legs clearly twisted towards its midsection, but unlike the carcass the brat and hick-hick had found, this one sat without a fog of sickly-sweet putrescence or a swarm of ravenous insects. 
It had been dead for quite some time.



Chapter 4

Stewing over the dirty word used to describe his Wogol, Brine was only half-aware of his surroundings. He could see a hazy yellow shape shuffling to the north and he could hear the shape calling to him from over its shoulder, but he was too preoccupied with his thoughts to comprehend the meaning of the words. 
He continued on like this for a few paces, plodding along with his mind in the clouds and his heart in the gutter, and eventually his eyes passed over the horizon to the north and he realized the yellow shape had moved to the banks of the Leresh and was facing the quagmire within. 
He stopped next to his canary-clad teacher and looked to the north, letting his impaired eyes wander along the strip of land separating the stalks and the riverbed. The land there was as straight as a ruler and he could see for nearly a quarter of a league at least…but there were no Lathians to be found. 
That’s odd, he thought, and returned his gaze to the yellow form of his teacher, then the trail of boot-churned mud at his feet. The trail turned right and led back into the river bed. 
Brine felt an icicle of fear stab him through the heart. He looked again to the corridor of soil north of him, long and straight and rolling forever, then down at the Leresh, then out at the thirty-one brawny figures stomping a channel through its center. 
Admittedly, his eyesight was not the greatest, and many of the visual details were lost to him without the use of his monocle, but he could still see the lay of the land and it was just as flat on this side of the river as it was on the other, and he was pretty sure this side of the Leresh led to the same Harriun Wilderness in the north, same Forn River beyond that. 
So why, he thought numbly, in his blessed and righteous name, he added with respect, are we wading through two-and-half hands of soupy river mud?
From the middle of his belly, the fire-voice said, Oh, I think you know the answer to that one, Rugs.
With his busted eyes fixed on two Lathian guides, Brine shook his head. 
Sure you do, Ruggy, the fire-voice cooed. They’re setting you up for the next go. Third time’s the charm, right? 
Brine’s head was still shaking mildly, but even as it shook he could feel the dread moving into every corner of his body, leaving it crusty and hard, like a scab. His toes felt stiff, his neck ached, his lungs labored to breathe. It was almost like the dried muck on his robes had infiltrated to his insides.
What’s the matter, Rugs? Don’t you want to be charmed? 
Rather than answer this, Brine took another look at the identical river banks and thought, They are setting me up. It’s the only thing that fits. I caught those last two before they could do anything and now they’re crossing over again to have another go at me. 
There you go, Ruggy, the fire-voice said. Knew you’d figure it out. 
You bet I figured it out!—But let me tell you something: It’s not happening a third time! Oh, no! Not a third time! The first speckle-gummed heathen that comes anywhere near me is going to get a glow hand to the face!
Brine knew the glow-spell produced a limited amount of light and absolutely no heat, but he also knew that the Lathian mercenaries did not know this. If he were lucky, the sight of a glowing hand thrust at their nose would have them running for the hills. 
He grabbed his right hand and massaged the palm with the thumb of his left hand. As far as the spell was concerned, this served no practical purpose. The smooth pressure of the thumb merely cleared his head of distressing thoughts and made practicing the incantation that much easier. He rubbed a moment more, then kicked off his sandals and bent to pick them up. 
“Sandals, Godfry,” he said, reminding his teacher to remove his footwear. He slid a hand through the straps of his own footwear and resuming his palm-rub, thinking of the first time they’d crossed the river and Brine had spent several long moments digging the old man’s sandals from the mire. 
Beside him, Godfry didn’t move. 
“Sandals,” Brine said again, giving the old man a look and finding him squinting across the riverbed, his mouth agape and his lips aquiver. “Godfry?”
Shielding his eyes from the sun, the old man said, “Is that old Bal out there?”
Without looking up, Brine said, “What about those sandals, Godfry?” 
“That is old Bal!” 
Wincing at the excitement in Godfry’s voice, Brine turned his gaze to the Leresh and quickly spied the stooped advisor. It was not a difficult task, not with the man’s pronounced hunch, his proximity to Sladge and, on this occasion at least, the fact he was stopped halfway across the riverbed.
Shielding his eyes for a better look, Brine saw the whole troop had stopped, every mouth-breathing one of them. 
Are they waiting on me to catch up? he wondered. Is that it? I let them get ahead and they lollygag until I draw near? 
“That’s ole Bal out there!” Godfry said again, shaking with excitement as he shuffled forward and made to step into the mire. 
Never taking his eyes from the gathered throng in the riverbed, Brine grabbed his companion by the shoulder and said, without an ounce of feeling in his voice, “Your sandals.” 
“Are we going to see him?” his teacher asked, turning sharply to face him. “Are we?”
 Brine watched as the mob of Lathian bodies parted around a coffin-shaped object lying in their midst. He could see the bent outline of Balthus as he inspected the dark slab, prodding it with his cane, giving it a poke here, a stab there, turning to Sladge and making comment. They appeared to be interested in the ends of the coffin-like object. 
“Yes,” Brine said, still squinting at the thing in the riverbed, his mind a buzz with activity. 
“Old Bal,” Godfry said, sounding as giddy as a young boy. 
Brine squatted on his hunches and began prying the sandals from Godfry’s feet, doing so by touch alone as he kept his eyes on the blurry scene in the middle of the Leresh. He couldn’t see much, but he knew the thing in the mud was no sarcophagus, not unless it was used to house the body of a titan, and not unless it had been constructed of a shiny black wood of which Brine had never heard. 
And why the ends? he wondered, scooping up the hem of Godfry’s canary robes and shoving a wad under the old man’s arm. What makes the ends so special? he thought, handing Godfry his sandals without looking at him. 
“Okay,” he said aloud, hoisting up his own robes and practically dragging the old man down the bank. “Here we go.” 
Like the earlier banks they had crossed, this one had hardened in the hot summer sun and become something like clay, affording Brine and his bearded cargo ample support and traction as they descended. It was not until they had reached the flatter sections of the river (those sections where the water had lingered longest and the fish-stinking mud was still cold and soft and something like paste) that the difficulty began. 
Brine, miraculously enough, managed to hold his own with the mess, grimacing here and groaning there, but ultimately finding the strength to raise and lower his legs. Godfry, on the other hand, had no end of trouble with the passage, even with Brine’s aching fingers sunk within his sleeve and even with Brine’s staining back leaning into the strides.
For the most part, Brine kept his head down and his eyes clenched shut, trudging along towards the curious object in the river and listening only to those sounds loud enough to rise above the rasping of his lungs, one such sound being the stampede of sucking bootfalls as the Lathians began stomping their way to the eastern banks. 
Hearing this, Brine was almost grateful for his incredible dearth of speed. If nothing else, it gave Balthus and his crew the time they needed to vacate the area before Brine arrived. This way, the disciple could inspect the dark slab without fear of bumping into any of the hunchback’s burly retinue.
He struggled on until he was standing within an arm’s length of the artifact then stood himself erect and actually stepped back from the object, knocking into Godfry. The old man groaned from the contact, but did not go down, and thankfully he was too winded to ask questions. Brine would not have given answers. 
With his eyes bulging, the disciple saw that the mysterious object was much larger than he’d first surmised. It was as long as four or five grown men and as big around as the sewer canals beneath the city. In fact, had the thing been hollow—instead of packed full with…well, whatever it was packed full with—he could have squatted down and waddled straight through it. 
But it wasn’t hollow…and it wasn’t wood, either. 
Brine’s first thought was that pillar-like object had been poured from hot, bubbling tar. It was a ridiculous notion, to be sure (a perfectly formed cylinder of pitch resting there in the riverbed?), but that was exactly what he saw taking up space beside him. 
It was the reflection of the sun in the object’s greasy black skin that finally snapped his mind back to reality. With the sweat running down his forehead and with his robes sticking to his back and armpits, the thing before him couldn’t be the viscous substance it resembled, not in this heat, not without deliquescing from a pillar into a puddle. 
But if it’s not tar… 
“Godfry?” he called, speaking in the nervous tones of one straddling a sleeping beast. “Godfry, do you know what this is?” 
Brine felt whiskers on his shoulder and a boney frame against his side. Then, after a bit more crinkling beard noises, he heard the old man say, “Ah.” 
“Ah, what?”
“It’s a bole,” Godfry said. “Harriun bole, I’d say.” 
Brine winced at the H-word and turned to the north. He didn’t want to take his eyes from the creepy thing before him, but he couldn’t help but look north, couldn’t help but see if anything else was floating down the river of sludge on this hot and sweltering day. 
“This thing…,” he asked, pointing a finger to the north, “…came from up there?”
“Mm-hmm.”
Brine made an ugly face. “And you…you say it’s a bole?”
“Mm-hmm.”
Brine rolled the word bole around his head and wondered if this wasn’t another bizarre side effect of the old man’s senility, wondered as well if the old man was even looking at the thing before them, the thing with the glassy black skin and the complete lack of leaves and branches. 
“I’ve never seen a bole like this,” he said, slopping around to the nearest end of the trunk and laying eyes on the area that had so fascinated the Lathians. “Most trees I know of have, uh…,” the words died away as he surveyed yet another contradiction.
Instead of being encased in a semi-rigid layer of protective bark, this meaty abomination appeared to have been wrapped in something like frog’s skin—black frog’s skin. Flaps of the stuff were hanging jagged and loose on this end, the edges having been mangled by something crude and pointed, like a pickaxe. 
Brine moved his astonished gaze from the edges to the interior, and received another jolt. While most trees tended to be filled with concentric rings of splintery wood, this thing was filled with something like the dark meat in a chicken leg, something soft and wet and tan.
From beside him, he heard Godfry humming curiously and hoped, secretly, that his childhood mentor had finally realized the error of his way and was ready to own up to his misclassification. When he turned to face him, however, he found the old man staring not at the dark flesh of the bole, but at the throng of burly mercenaries climbing the eastern banks. 
Brine listened to him hmming again, then watched as he cocked his head to one side and mutter, “Is that Bal?” 
Motioning to the strange specimen before them, and trying to keep the old man on track, Brine said, “Godfry, if this is a Harriun bole—from out of the Harriun—” he gave an emphatic tilt of the head, “how did it get down here?”
“It is him!” Godfry announced, plucking his stick from the mire and taking a step towards the bank. “Old Bal’s over there.”
“That’s great,” Brine groaned, not bothering to look, “but did you see the ends of this thing?” He leaned closer to the tattered skin. “It looks like something cut into it, something like a—” mining pick was the word he was going to say, but before he could say it his teacher went slurping away from him.  
“Hey—Hey!” Brine broke from the bole and hurried after his teacher. He still had a myriad of questions about the bole—and about life in general within the confines of the Harriun—but for now he needed to get hold of his teacher. If he couldn’t manage that, he’d be scraping muck off the two of them. 
“Hey, what’s the hurry?” he asked, stomping next to the old man and taking hold of his yellow sleeve.
“That’s ole Bal!” Godfry exclaimed, staring at the eastern banks and sounding young with excitement. “Ole Bal, way out here…”
Imagine that, Brine thought sarcastically, turning his attention to the eastern bank. He could make out the hazy outline of bodies scrambling into the bean plots, his ruined eyes picking out the brown of their sleeveless shirts and the black of their boot-cut pants. He managed to locate the Sladge in front—a head taller than the rest—and Balthus close behind. 
Glaring at the hunched adviser, and remembering the strange incident in the king’s anteroom—those sleepy gray eyes racing across the room—Brine said, “Are you two close?”
Godfry nodded with pride. “Oh my, yes,” he said, speaking with the warm tones of a doting grandfather. “I’ve known ole Bal forever.”
“Wow,” Brine said, feeling he needed to say something, but unsure what that something should be. “That’s a…that’s a really long time.” 
It occurred to Brine that Balthus was the most recent appointee to the king’s council and that Godfry couldn’t have known the man for more than ten ages, but instead of mention this and risk sending his teacher into a fit, he said, “So what’s he like?”
“Balthus?” Godfry said, looking momentarily to the messy riverbed. “Well, he’s a very shrewd card player, I can tell you that. Not much of a reader, but a masterful card player.” 
“Card player, huh,” Brine said, sounding as glum as he looked. “What else?”
Godfry looked down, massive brows stooped towards his nose. For a moment, it didn’t look as though he’d be able to come up with another adjective—as though card-player was it—but then, just as Brine was ready to give up on the matter, the old man’s face lifted and he said, “Oh, and he’s a very static man, that Bal.” 
Positive he hadn’t heard correctly, Brine leaned close and said, “Was that statics?” 
“Yes, yes, very static,” Godfry explained. “I can remember on one occasion, I had just come in from the gardens for a council meeting, just finished up a good book on growing Cheshian wild flowers, I believe, or maybe not, I can’t recall. But the gardens were very bright that day, as you know, and the council room not so much. Not that it excuses me, of course, but I don’t believe the lanterns had been lit yet, and my eyes…well, you know how my eyes are. So in I went, sunblind and groping, looking for my chair, no idea where anything was and I…well, I ended up sitting on ole Bal.”
Brine looked ill. He didn’t like looking at the hunched Lathian, let alone touching him—Glory forbid sitting on him. The very idea made his skin crawl, especially when he could have made the very same faux pas. 
He thought back to that first night in the castle, the way Balthus sat perfectly still in the corner and panned his head from person to person. He imagined himself shuffling to the far corner of the room in search of a place to rest his weary legs, a place to escape his gnawing dread, imagined himself spying the chair in his periphery and backing himself into it by feel alone, the press of bony legs against his thighs, the point of a beardless chin against—  
Brine felt an immense force strike him in the side and his whole world lurched sideways. There was a moment of weightless confusion followed by the cold, wet sensation of a mud oozing around his body. The cold, wet sensation did not ooze for long. 
Brine had his head up before he knew what hit him, looking around with the one eye that hadn’t been caked with mud. It hurt to do this—his back and neck aching from the sudden jolt he’d just suffered—but he continued his search. 
For one thing, the pain in his spine was nothing compared to the anguish of his lower lip (which he’d bitten through on impact and was now filling his mouth with the taste of copper), but for another, he knew the culprit he sought could not have traveled far. 
And he hadn’t. 
After only a moment of disoriented searching, Brine spied what he was looking for: the outline of a man stomping away from him through the soupy landscape, heavy pack strapped to his shoulders, head craned back to reveal a scruffy, vine-speckled grin. 
Tol’ yeh we’d get yeh, Boy-o, the grin screamed. Tol’ yeh we’d get yeh. 
The Lathian mercenary turned to face his companions on the bank and Brine let his gaze fall to the mud.  
From above him, he heard Godfry ask, in a kind and wonderfully innocent voice, “Fall down, did you?”
Brine rose up on his arms, his body making a juicy slurping noise as it came free of the muck, and he glared at the old man. On the cheek that hadn’t succumbed to a layer of mud, he felt a flush rising to the surface, and in the part of his mind that wasn’t blind with fury, he heard a whole army of nasty comments dancing and screaming and begging to be set free. 
But since nasty wasn’t the way of the Amian, he turned a deaf ear to these comments and tried very hard to focus on the fact that it was not Godfry he was angry with. It was the pack of mouth-breathing infidels standing on the eastern banks, the ones he could hear chuckling and snorting and slapping each other on the backs. 
“I must have,” Brine said, leaning into the weight of his pack and standing to his feet. “I suppose I must.” He dragged a hand down the left side of his face and flung the residue at the ground, casting a sideways glance at the riverbank. “I’ll have to be more careful next time.”
Godfry hummed thoughtfully and said, “Or perhaps you need help?” He began to nod in agreement with himself. “Yes, yes, perhaps a little assistance, just while crossing the messier parts of the river.” He looked down at his feet, seemed to remember himself, and said, “I’m not sure I’m strong enough, but…,” he looked around, searching for a solution, and spied the Lathians on the embankment, “…but perhaps those fellows over there could help?”
Brine’s head was shaking before the old man ever finished. “No.” 
Godfry’s head came around. “No?”
“No,” Brine repeated, still shaking his head. “Let’s not bother them.” 
 “Bother them, you say?” Godfry’s caterpillar brows were crawling down the stoop of his forehead. “Why, I can’t see the bother,” he reasoned. “They’re big enough to carry us both.” He turned to the burly men in the distance. “You men, there! You fellows! Would you mind lending us—” 
Brine had his head up in an instant, startled gaze pivoting between the old man and the riverbank as he said, “It’s fine. Godfry, really, it’s fine.” He stepped between his teacher and the Lathians. “I’m fine,” he said, fixing the old man with a look, then faking a grin. “I just need to watch my step, that’s all.”
Godfry stared at him, his ancient eyes probing the expression on his student’s face, his pupils dancing all over. 
Brine thought, Here it is. Here’s where it happens. Where he finally realizes what we’re up against and he finally notices the flush on my cheeks, the strain in my eyes, the nervous energy crackling my voice…
“If you say so,” Godfry muttered, giving him a nod. 
Brine felt the hope flow out of him. He grabbed his former teacher and went stomping towards the bank.



Chapter 5

“Gar,” Kowin whispered, rising up on his arms. “Gar, you seeing this?” 
From out of the prairie and from inside the circle, the Gar person made no reply. 
Undeterred by the slight, Kowin hyperventilated for a time, then said, “I thinks, maybe, this a big clue. More big than clue I hear with crystal, or clue I see with sphere, or clue I…,” he trailed off, a troubling thought afflicting his mind. 
If this were such a big clue—and, indeed, it appeared to be—how had he missed it? With the listening crystals, the answer was simple. Somebody had mentioned the depressions at the roundtable and he just hadn’t been in his chamber to overhear. 
With the seeing sphere, though, the answer was not simple. With the seeing sphere, a device that only functioned as he leaned over its domed surface and commanded its spirits with stroke of his fingers, he should have seen at least one of these depressions. At that vantage point, they would have stuck out like gold plates on a granite floor.  
As it were, he had seen nothing. He had been all over this region with the seeing sphere, checking it periodically over the last moon cycle or so, and he hadn’t seen squat. Not the dead cow reported by the long-haired brat, not the crumpled bear reported by the bushy-mouthed general, not even the gaping recess in which he now sat.
Slowly, and with a certain amount of growing dread, Kowin tilted his hood back and surveyed the ominous sky above, seemingly unaware of the bulge near the base of his cowl as it swelled between his shoulder blades and then sank away to nothing. 
“Gar?” he called, speaking to the bulge in his robes and hearing no response. “Gar, you thinking what I thinking?”
Gar, who apparently was thinking what Kowin was thinking (evinced by his strong desire not to draw attention to himself), continued to hold his tongue. 
There was, of course, only one explanation for why Kowin’s seeing sphere had not detected the recesses in the ground. Someone in Jashandar was blocking him. 
He pondered the question further, being sure to keep his eyes on the everlasting sky as he did, and had no idea who that someone might be. Who, in the unholy name of the Brood, would want to do such a thing? Who in this world, or in any world for that matter, would dare to interfere with a loyal minion of the all-consuming Brood? 
Now that he thought about it, where in the banning darkness would a person acquire the means to interfere with him? It wasn’t like there were speaking crystals and seeing spheres just lying around the kingdom. 
“This not a big clue,” he said, panting like a dog. “This a bad clue.”
He lowered his eyes to the crumpled animal at the edge of the depression, a mix of emotion flooding his mind. If the deceiver was hiding the depressions from him, was the purpose to conceal the dru’gye…or the prey? 
He stood to his feet and studied the animal from across the matted thistles. It was no larger than a scabe-wolf and the parts of its flesh that Kowin could see—the parts that had not yet succumbed to the relentless powers of decomposition—were milky white and glabrous, like that of a subterranean salamander. 
“Oh, that—that bad, too, Gar. That bad clue number, uh… number two,” he said, panting for a time. “You seeing that?” 
If Gar was, though, he made no comment.
Kowin took a step towards the rotten anomaly and began to wonder if the creature wasn’t pieced together from two separate species, wondering as well if he hadn’t seen the creature before. It was difficult to say with the advanced stages of decay nibbling at the monster’s flesh, but the closer he came to the decomposing mush, the more familiar it appeared, like looking at the faded painting of a long lost relative and seeing the features of their face materialize from the background. 
He stopped at the thing’s sunken ribcage and gawked down at it. He knew this monster, knew it like the back of his pale, boney hand. It wasn’t possible that he was seeing it here, admittedly—not considering what had happened to its kind all those generations ago—but there it was…taking up space on the crushed reeds of the Southern Sway…little more than sun-bleached bones and desiccated skin…
A dru’gore—dead. 
Kowin was not mistaken about the creature’s taxonomy. Oh, no. A dru’gore was not a creature it paid to forget. They were bloodthirsty little savages that, unlike the dru’gye in whose depression they lay, did kill for pleasure. Not to mention, they were atrociously unattractive. 
But where it come from? Kowin wondered, scratching his hood with one sagging sleeve. And why it hide from me?
That, of course, was the question of all questions. Forget about the unlikelihood of missing these patches of crushed grass and the brutal slaughter they entailed. If a creature such as the dru’gore were traipsing through the kingdom, Kowin would have seen it long before now. 
The dru’gore weren't exactly a shy creature. In fact, on its first day in the land, it would have sought out the nearest village and just had itself a gay old time of tearing the hapless proprietors to piece. 
New like that, Kowin knew, had a bad habit of traveling fast. The villagers would talk—those that had survived—and one or two of them would have complained to the council, at which point Kowin would have heard through speaking crystal.
And yet he had not.
With his deceiver theory blazing like wild fire in his mind, he looked to the sky once more, but thought about his neck, about the back of his neck and the way that it felt. 
Everything above him was as blue and vacuous as it had been when he’d set out on this troublesome journey, and had there been an invisible watcher up there spying down upon him and recording his every move, the sky above would have continued to be vacuous and blue. 
Those who see without being seen do so without any fear of visual or auditory detection, no ripples in the light, no vibrations on the air. Tactile disturbances, on the other hand… 
Kowin had used the seeing sphere for too many ages to be unfamiliar with the symptoms of an observation rash. He knew that extended observations, or zooming in too close, would cause the subject of the spheres spectral gaze to begin wincing and fidgeting and scrunching up their shoulders. 
If he brought the sphere even closer to the subject, they would begin to reach over their shoulders and scratch the backs of their necks, rubbing vigorously at the burning sensation at the base of their skulls. 
No one ever stopped to look into the sky when this happen. They had no idea that such elements as seeing spheres existed, no idea that the prickling rash on their neck was due to concentrated energy and not a bad case of nerves or floating pollen or the dander of horses. 
Finding that the back of his neck felt no different from the rest of his hot and sweaty flesh (thank the Brood), Kowin relaxed a little. More than likely, there was a deceiver at work in this land, and more than likely that deceiver had a sphere at its disposal—using it to monitor the land and to hide the presence of depressions and the dru-gore—but for the time being the deceiver appeared unaware of Kowin’s presence in the Sway.
But how long that last? the healer wondered, dropping his eyes to the dead dru’gore at his feet. 
It now appeared as though he had a third and fourth reason to quicken his hunt. His primary impetus, of course, was still a desire to placate the Brood—with a desire to avoid the business end of the halfling’s axe ranking in as a close second—but he was now racing against the deceiver’s sphere and rogue dru’gye as well. Perish the thought that one of them should find him clinging to a boulder on the side of the Dome. 
He gave the carcass at his hem one final look and scurried to the edge of the depression, diving headfirst into the weeds and resumed his frantic swim to the south. 
As he went, he thought once more about the dru’gye that killed by wadding up its prey and making depressions in the grass. Something was obviously wrong with the creature, based upon its indiscriminant slaughter of livestock and its attack upon the dru’gore. The latter had him completely stumped.  
Admittedly, dru’gye and dru’gore had never traveled in packs, or suckled each other’s young, but they didn’t go out of their way to kill one another, or feed on each other’s flesh. 
Still pondering the conundrum, Kowin was suddenly reminded of a recent council meeting in which the titan-wench had warned her colleagues of the Drugana’s evil nature, blaming it for the happenings that befell them. Her colleagues had scoffed at the notion, but Kowin had taken the warning to heart. 
He knew the Drugana was evil. That was why the Brood had sent him here, why he’d brought that slack-jawed Arn to clear away the old ones and why he’d stuck around to watch Arn’s descendants establish roads and irrigation and a system of exchange. 
On the surface, Jashandar thrived, but way down deep, the evil festered, a wriggling green worm at the center of an apple.  
Kowin grabbed a sleeve-full of grass and hauled himself forward, kicking at the blades around his ankles and wondering if there wasn’t some truth to the titan-wench’s theory. For if the land were reverting to its darker nature—to its actual nature—could the same be said for the creatures that dwelled here? 
For the golden one, perhaps? 
Within the protective fibers of his hood, a wicked sneer-smile teased the corners of his pale, peach lips. 
“If titan-wench speak true,” he mused, “and if hick-king slay mystery killer…,” his sneer-smile widened, “…I thinks council get big surprise. What you thinks, Gar?” His yellow-stained teeth peeked out from his mouth. “You thinks they get the big surprise?” 
Gar, true to his nature, continued to say nothing. 
“I thinks so, too,” Kowin said, smiling even wider. 
He knew better than to act so blithe with the Devil’s Dome at hand, the invisible deceiver on the loose, and the mystery killer still at large, but try as he might he could not stifle his mirth. Each time he pictured the council’s faces as they realized what they’d done, his amusement only soared. 
In one decree, they send Kowin to save the golden one…in the very next they send the hick-king to slay it.
He couldn’t help but smile.



Chapter 6

On the other side of the kingdom, at the point in the sprawling landscape where the hills of Onador leveled out and the rolling pastures of the Sway swept peacefully to the south, Reetsle Baggershaft heard rustling for the second time that day. 
The sound had come from up by the river, less than a stone’s throw from where he stood in the grasses that rose to his helmet, and it had sounded so much like wind that he almost forgot where he was.
He held his breath and listened, wondering what it could be. With his blasted halfling senses, the rustling could have been a water moccasin slithering from the Mela, a jackrabbit hopping from the moccasin, a coyote bearing down on the jackrabbit. All he knew for certain was that it was not the wind. 
Had he been in his homeland to the west, a section of the Hinter known as Erinthalmus, he might have assumed it was the wind. Back home, there was more raw nature than one knew what to do with: blizzards and windstorms, earthquakes and volcanoes.
Out here in Jashandar, however, such was not the case. Out here in the land of the old ones, the wind did not blow. 
Reets thought back to the days of his diplomatic appointment, back to that awful tour he’d been given shortly after arriving. The stillness of the plains had plagued him even then.
The Sway? he’d asked, speaking softly to his guide. And why yeh call it that? 
The guide had given him the standard response, some stock reply having to do with the first explorers to the Drugana and what they’d seen at the time, and Reets had accepted it. The land had once been a wild and windy place, and now it was not, simple as that. 
But wind ‘r no wind, Reets thought, somethin’s sure movin up there. 
He cocked his head to the side and listened to the sound of the ocean rolling against the shore. To anyone else, this was the equivalent of having seashells strapped to the sides of their head. To a halfling, however, this was just one more example of how Rendel the Bloodletter had screwed them over, their auditory world filtered through the roar of the waves.
After a while, Reets was able to tune out the innate drone in his busted eardrums and focus on the thing in the grass, listening to the displacement of the reeds and guessing the creature within to be nothing smaller than a prairie bison. That was what it sounded like, at least. The same beast of burden he and his halfling brethren had used to clear fields of stumps and slag. 
In his mind, he recalled the sensations of wandering through the hinter prairies with a pry bar in one hand and a shovel in the other, the feel of the reeds against his face, the smell of his own body order rising from his shirt, the sound of something huge creeping through the vegetation. 
That same sound was up ahead of him now, but it probably wasn’t a prairie bison with a slag wagon attached. It could have been, he supposed—a bison or a bull or even a wild stallion—but he didn’t think it likely. Not after hearing the fancyman’s report about what he and Jaysh had found in the Sway. 
In Reets’ opinion, if something had been butchering the livestock of the Sway, and if that something had been doing so for the past moon cycle or so—wadding them up and leaving them to rot—then the source of the rustling was probably not a beast of burden. 
After thirty days of unending slaughter, there probably wasn’t much left of the Jashian livestock, especially those poor dumb animals that stood head and shoulders above the rest (animals like the ox, for example). So unless this was a particularly clever ox, one who’d learn to duck its head in the reeds and stand still when it heard someone coming… 
The rustling stopped.
Reets jerked his head up high and twisted his other ear forward, listening closely to the place where the noise had ceased. Over the muffled drone of his defunct auditory canal, he heard the shrill eeeping of crickets and soft uhzzzing of the cicada. At no time, however, did he hear the continued rustle of the creature as it cut its way through the pasture. 
Must’a heard me breathin, he thought. Heard me breathin an’ took to holdin in the brush.
He mulled that over for a time, weighing the merits of the accusation, then realized he hadn’t been breathing. He knew this because he’d been listening, and in order for someone like him to listen—someone with ears like a salamander—he had to hold his breath and standing completely still. 
And speaking of respiration…
With lungs burning and nerves on edge, he opened his mouth wide and exhaled as slowly and as soundlessly as he could, drawing in an equally delicate breath and repeating the process several more times before sliding shut his bearded jaw. 
He cocked his left ear in the direction of the disturbance and strained for all he was worth. The faint sound of bugs came back at him, as did the more pronounced sound of ocean waves rumbling inside his ears. 
He twisted his right ear to the disturbance—his good ear, in most cases—and waited until he could hear the unmistakable, yet arrhythmic sound of thudding. After a moment more, he recognized the sound as his own deformed heart.
“Blood ‘n’ Guts,” he muttered, exhaling in a rush and giving up the pretense of stealth. He yanked his trusty battle-axe, Old Friendly, from off his shoulder and stood on his tiptoes, peeking over the concealment. 
His eyes weren’t much better than his ears—probably on par with Brine’s vision from what he remembered of the lad squinting as a boy—but they were at least a little better. He could see to the point where he believed the rustling had stopped, and he could see beyond that to where the blurry-green hillocks leveled out flat and the winding smear of the Mela straightened into a long black line. 
What he saw most in the prairie to the west, aside from shapes and colors and the steadily dying light, was the inertia of the place. It was like staring into the dungeons of the castle or the tombstones on Memorial Hill.
“Ain’t no way,” he said, this time not bothering to mutter. “Ain’t no bloody way.” 
He shook his head and spat at the prairie, clenching his uneven teeth and trying to hold back his growing frustration, a feat which might have proven more effective had he lowered himself in the grass and taken his eyes from the pasture. 
He did not, though. He kept staring at the emptiness of the prairie and thinking about his wasted afternoon, thinking about how circumstance might have gone differently had his gutless companions been here or had his eyes and ears not been so abhorrently defunct. 
This led, inevitably, to the obscenity dam in his mind bursting wide and a string of guttural epithets spewing from his mouth, first at his cravenly partners who’d abandon him in his greatest time of need, then at the mighty war god in the sky (Rendel the Bloodletter) who’d shackled him with these unthinkable ailments.
When he was a child, Reets had heard of villages in Erinthalmus that worshiped and loved the war god. He’d heard that they held worship services once a week and sang praises to the omnipotent deity and that some scrawny halfling with a warm smile and a fancy white dress stood before the villagers in the meeting house and spoke kindly of the war god. What was more, this scrawny halfling did so for nearly a full morning, and then everyone gathered afterwards for fruit salads and sweet tea and shared with one another the pathetic experiences of their week. 
Even more bizarre than this, Reets had heard that the morning-long monologue centered on the war god’s infinite wisdom and mercy, rather than his terrifying wrath and vengeance. The grinning halfling in the silky gown would go on and on about how Rendel the Kind—as they called him—had created halfling disabilities with a specific purpose in mind. That the war god had crippled the halflings at birth to instill in them a thankfulness for what they had as well as an undying capacity to endure. 
Counselor Baggershaft, on the other hand, had been raised in a tiny backwoods village on the outer edges of the Hinter, a place where religious services and political meetings were overseen by a group of halflings referred to as the throng. 
The throng consisted of the wisest and, for the most part, roughest hunters in the village. These were halflings who’d seen the dark horrors that the Hinter had to offer and who had lived to tell the tale, halflings who’d lost arms and legs to one battle or another and who now held a slightly less benevolent view of their genesis. 
For example, one of the more popular legends of Reets’ time held that Rendal the Bloodletter, in his maddening haste to attend a great and raging battle, had dropped something noxious in the batter of life, but rather than pausing to scoop out the malady-causing substance, he kept right on stirring.
Another common theology maintained that the batter was pure, but that Rendel had dropped his creations on the ground while preparing them for the kiln. After spending days sculpting the perfect warrior bodies, he’d inadvertently knocked the baking pan from the table and had—once again, in his impatience for combat—plucked the ruined creatures from the ground and slammed them in the kiln. 
Legend had it the war god actually noticed the smashed and twisted bodies, but had muttered something like, “Good ‘nough,” and cooked them all the same. 
Needless to say, religious services in Reets’ neck of the Hinter tended to be few and far between and without the tasty fruit salads at the end. What was more, the old hunters who orchestrated the services were hard and callous and not the sort of men one cried to after losing a loved one. 
Rather than developing one’s thankfulness or undying capacity to endure, these rugged halflings were teaching their followers to hone their combat skills. What better way to honor Rendel’s warlike culture than to mimic his warrior prowess, and what better way to demonstrate your warrior prowess than to bring your axe to bear on the one who’d made you. 
Reets couldn’t wait to reach that Great Battlefield in the Sky. He was going to honor Rendel the Bloodletter like no halfling before. He was going to thank him into little pieces and then praise those little pieces into the ground with the heel of his boot. 
If he was lucky, he’d be able to chop the war god into as many pieces as he had maladies, and he had quite a few of those; stunted bones and uneven muscles, itchy skin and deformed limbs, missing tendons and half-formed organs. 
The latter were the worst, especially the sensory organs. Not that a defect in a major organ was a walk in the park. It just wasn’t a very long walk. A few moments of sharp pain and the walk was over. But with the sensory organs…Well, the walk started at birth, lasted until death, and was uphill the whole way.
“Undyin capacity, my axe.” 
Reets turned from the Mela River and marched for Eastpost. There was nothing he could do about Rendel—at least not in this lifetime—but there was plenty he could do about his gutless partners at camp. This was just as much their fault as it was the war gods. They were the ones who’d ignored Reets when he said he heard something by the river. They were the ones who opted to stop at Eastpost and rest their worthless bones.
“And if’n I get back there,” he fumed, barreling into the matted grasses where the pasture became camp, “an’ I see ole Fancy with so much as a rock in his hand…”
He rounded a pile of feed sacks and the red blaze of the campfire swung into view. He narrowed his beady eyes on the seven figures he spied seated around the flames. 
On one side, he saw Mums still seated as he’d left her, legs spread wide, eyes to the east, still resting both arms in her great and shaggy lap and—Bless My Axe!—not a mug of brew in sight. Reets made a mental note to speak with the lying cow about this then turned his irate focus to the fancyman. 
On the other side of the flames, Captain Janusery—A.K.A. the fancyman—sat in a ring of five soldiers, trying his darnedest to talk their ears off. There weren’t any cubes on display, or metal coins for that matter, but of course that didn’t mean anything. When it came to the fancyman, he’d probably heard Reets coming and hid the stash in one of those beard-loving boots of his. He gave the clean-shaven sissy a bit of the stink-eye and veered towards the titan. 
Before the night was over, he’d nail the fancyman to the wall for playing him like a fool, but for now he’d work on that holier-than-thou titan. She had a certain smugness about her that Reets was going to enjoy wiping away.
“Mums,” he said, speaking cordially as he rested Old Friendly against a tent line. “How’s the view over here?” 
Muminofilous did not say, nor did she take her eyes from the horizon.
Reets removed his helmet, set it on the ground near to his axe, and turned to face his fellow counselor. Mums was still staring dreamily at the pastures in the east, her watery brown cow’s eyes soaking up the growing shadows. Reets grunted indignantly and ambled to his pack, rustling theatrically through his gear and retrieving a pipe from one pocket. 
“How’s that mug’a brew tas’e, Mums? Tas’e good, does it?” 
But again, Mums didn’t say, and neither did she move. 
Reets padded the pockets of his shirt and waited for the titan to break her trance-like stare. When she failed to do so, he said, “Yeh hearin me there, Mumsy,” and this time the words finally broke through. 
The titan started, jerked as though an invisible shell had shattered from her frame, and said, “I’m sorry, Reetsle. Were you speaking?”
“I was at that,” Reets spat. “I was at that.” He eyed the titan’s hands resting between her legs, her legs spread wide to relieve the pressure from the saddle sores she’d developed, and said, “Where’s that precious brew’a yours?” 
With her eyes still in the distance, the titan reached beside her and lifted a large and steaming bucket from the shadows. 
Reets glared at it, thinking he felt steam rising from his face. 
“Well, yeh best drink every drop,” he blustered, locating a pouch of berry leaves in his pants pocket and pulling it free, “as much as yeh whined fer it.”
Mums—who’d been lifting the bucket to her lips—set it back down. 
“Jus had to stop,” Reets carried on, tapping his pouch on the side and filling his pipe with ground leaves, “jus had to have your nasty ole bean juice—And Fancy, over there,” he directed his voice across the fire as he withdrew a branch from the flames, “he wants me to believe he stopped so he could bore these fella’s with his big mouth.” He brought the tip of the branch to his pipe-bowl, lit the dried leaves inside, and tossed the branch to the fire. “But I ain’t fooled,” he said. “I ain’t.”
Janusery had looked up at the word Fancy and was in the process of returning a glare himself. “War dog,” he said coldly, “we couldn’t fool you if we tried.”
“Well, now,” Reets said conspiratorially, “have yeh been tryin?” 
“A little,” Iman said, shrugging.
Reets grunted as if he expected as much. “There best not be no cubes over there,” he said, shaking a finger at the captain and puffing on the pipe. “You an lazy over here—” he nodded to the titan “—yeh might’a outvoted me on the trail, but that doan’ matter none in here. I’m still your better, Janu’ery. You ‘member that.”
Janusery shrugged. “No cubes, war dog. Just me boring these goo—”
“And what’re you boys doin?” Reets said, turning his hostile stare on the five privates seated in the circle. “Yeh ain’t got no duties to get on with?”
At some point, the royal council had relocated the troops of Eastpost and turned the camp itself into a supply depot. Reets couldn’t remember the specifics, but it seemed like the last easterly assault had been committed over twenty generations ago by a group of Nameless from out of the Uncharted. 
They were defeated quite handily. The troops of Southpost rode up to join forces with the men of Eastpost and, together, they fended off the unspeakable threat. 
Of course, in those days, having posts on all sides of the kingdom was a tactical necessity. After the Great Warrior drove out the old ones, everyone and their brother had tried dominating the Drugana, the halfling country of Erinthalmus included. 
It was not until several generations later, when neighboring kingdoms failed to conquer Jashandar (and when it became clear nothing else was going to wander out of the Kilashan) that the council abolished Southpost and turned Eastpost into a source of food and weaponry for those troops deployed against the uglings. 
To ensure the grain stores were safe from livestock and the weapons crates were shed of moisture, the council had stationed five men at the once-thriving camp, five men to keep the fires blazing and the tarps mended, five men who now faced something far worse than any hungry cow or ruinous storm. 
“Well?” Reets demanded, his hard eyes darting between them. “Haven’t yeh, now?”
One of the privates—a man with a broad hook-nose and a thick set of lips—swallowed so loud that Reets turned to face him. Hook-nose looked quickly away and fixed his eyes on the ground. As Reets searched the other four faces, he received similar responses as their eyes flittered towards the sky or supply crate or anything that wasn’t the enraged halfling. 
Finally, one of them, a man who’d been playing with a steel ring hanging from his neck (probably a religious symbol of some sort), glanced up, made certain the captain was not looking, and nodded furtively at Fancy. 
Reets’ beady eyes bulged. “I knew it,” he said, turning to Janusery. “I knew it.” He sneered at the captain’s beardless face. “Yeh give these boys an order, Janu’ery?” 
Janusery hesitated…then nodded. “I thought they could use a break, yeah.”
To the soldiers, Reets said, “He say anythin bout cubes, boys?”
The five privates hesitated, casting exploratory glances at one another, then finally breaking into a collective bray of no, each man shaking his head with a bit too much conviction. Reets glared at each in turn. 
“Tha’s good, boys,” he said. “Tha’s good. But jus you know that if’n I find any cubes over there, or if’n I find out yeh lied to me on this…,” he shook his head grimly, letting his gaze fall to the fancyman in their midst. “Same goes fer you, Janu’ery.” 
 Janusery glared back.
“Yeh heard me,” Reets said, and slowly turned around, taking a seat by the titan. 
Behind him, the six men sat in silence, the one in the middle still stabbing his eyes into the back of Reets’ helmet-matted hair and the other five probably checking their pants for wet spots. Reets pretended not to listen, staring into the horizon and taking desultory puffs on his pipe. 
When the captain’s chatter finally resumed, it came as harsh mutterings about what he’d like to see happened to a certain halfling. Soon after, though, the mood brightened, the topic changed, and facny’s story continued. 
Much to Reets’ chagrin, Fancy was launching into one his many tales of daring that most assuredly had never happened, this one involving a horde of were-uglings that he’d bested right here in these very hills. 
Reets listened for two, maybe three moments, then his upper lip began to curl as though he could still smell the bloated fish rotting by the Mela’s banks. 
Shaking his helmeted head, he said, in a voice of purest amazement, “Can yeh believe the scruff of this pup?”
The titan kept her opinion to herself, but to be fair it had been a rhetorical question. Reets hadn’t expected her to reply in the affirmative or negative, although some sort of a response would have been nice. Something along the lines of, What can you do, or, You know that Iman. Instead he’d received nothing at all, not so much as a clearing of the throat. 
Looking over, he found the titan as he’d left her, her liquid cow’s eyes still soaking up the pasture. He turned to stare with her.
“This help block him out?” Reets asked. “‘Cause I’m ready to try anythin’.”
Mums didn’t say. 
Reets turned and frowned at her. “Yeh in there, Mumsy?”
“Hmm?” she said, her eyes blinking, but still not leaving the prairie.
“I said, yeh ah’right?” 
She paused, then said, “I’m fine.”
Reets narrowed his eyes. She didn’t sound fine, nor was she acting fine. She was acting like a titan with something on her mind. Reets grimaced at the pasture—which registered in his eyes as an uneven pea-soup smear—then directed his dissatisfied scowl at her. 
There was something about that look, he thought, something about the way her bulbous brown orbs were drinking up both land and sky. It was a look he knew well, the one she’d given maps when proposals for war came to the table, the one she’d given merchants who couldn’t quite explain what they were selling, and the one she’d given him on more occasions than he cared to remember. 
He looked back out at the Sway that didn’t sway. It might be a green smear to him, but not to her. In her all-seeing eyes (eyes that could pick gnats out of the shade) it probably looked quite a bit different. 
He took the pipe from his mouth. 
“Hey, Mums,” he said, speaking softly, “what’cha see out there?”



Chapter 7

Half a league south of Eastpost, lying on a hillside and covered in sod, Jaysh Denbauk couldn’t see anything either. He might have blamed the folds of canvas drooping into his line of sight or the coming of the setting sun and the giant crescent-moon shadow this was creating in the basin, but none of these things were giving him problems. 
It was his prey that was giving him problems, the complete lack of prey that was. 
In an effort to rectify this problem, he was chewing his vine like a mad man. He didn’t know why, but vine had a way of priming his cerebral think-pump, and right now he needed it primed in the worst possible way. He had a mission on his hands—one designed to hunt down and destroy the mysterious killer of the Sway—and so far said mission was going nowhere fast. 
He slid towards the opening in his canvas—careful not to disturb the cat-thing sleeping in the small of his back—and searched the surrounding pasture. He didn’t have any solutions just yet, only guesses, but he thought he had the problem narrowed down. 
Whatever was spooking his prey, it was probably related to the bait, the concealment, or the weapon. He just didn’t know which. 
He lowered his eyes to the valley and surveyed the head of the decoy jutting from the reeds. It was an ugly thing, he knew, a stitched abomination of hides and pelts and homemade thread. No legs or feet (didn’t need them to lay there on the ground), but it did have a tail and a head. The former was fashioned from frayed twine and the latter from three old beaver pelts. The tail of one pelt hung down on the left and always reminded Jaysh of a hound’s ear.
He stared at the makeshift ear, then at the rest of the decoy. It resembled no animal he had ever seen. No visible mouth or nose, two different-shaped buttons for eyes (different colors too), and a snout that hung down from the head like an empty stocking. Try as he might, the stitching had fought him in that regard, and no matter how many times he pressed the stuffing into the muzzle, it always seemed to find its way back inside the neck. 
Oh, well, he thought, and spat a streamer of vine-juice into the grass beneath his chin. 
To be honest, he was not worried about the decoy’s appearance, not when it smelled the way it did. What the thing lacked by the way of visual esthetics, it more than made up for with regard to scent. 
Jaysh, himself, was wearing an outfit he’d left hanging in the woods for a week, an outfit that reeked of pine sap and evergreens instead of unwashed crotch and armpit. The patchwork monstrosity to the north, on the other hand, was stuffed with ten of the sweatiest saddle blankets the royal stables had to offer. 
He’d shoved the saddle blankets into the decoy, tied the decoy to a pack horse, and led the pack horse to where they’d tethered their own steeds. From there, he’d dragged the decoy from a length of rope—never touching it with his hands—and left it in the basin below; decoy, blankets, rope and all.
There were his tracks out the basin, of course—tracks leading from the patchwork decoy to his concealment on the hill—but he strongly doubted they would scare away his prey. The killer was not likely to spy a handful of footprints beneath six hands of grass, not when the scent of horse sweat was so thick in the air. 
He spat another streamer at the grass beneath his beard and shifted his eyes to the mouth of his camouflage, knowing even as he did so that his camouflage was not the problem. His concealment was a sheet of canvas on the ground, covered with grass and briars and other vegetation, and then dotted with a few shovelfuls of sod for added realism. 
Needless to say, once he and Serit had wriggled beneath these screens and settling in on their bellies, they were virtually invisible to the naked eye.
Unless…
He sat up on the elbows and gazed down at the bulge in his shirt. He stared down at it until he was sure none of its wretched lilac glow was seeping through the fabric, then he let his eyes lose focus and wondered what the bulge would look like when nightfall came. He wondered, as well, if he’d been wrong to keep the wretched thing. 
Originally, he had wanted nothing to do with the raya amulet. He remembered Reets and Mums, and everyone else at the coronation, wrestling the thing over his head, and he remembered thinking, Just you wait! Just you wait til I get by my lonesome! I’ll have this thing off my neck so fast! 
It was only later, while sneaking through Serit Brandmore’s bedchamber in the pitch black of night, searching blindly for a map on the innumerable book shelves lining his room, that Jaysh realized the error of his way. Perhaps a glowing hunk of amethyst had its advantages after all.  
In truth, he could have retrieved a torch or lantern for the task, or even a candle, but those would have left behind a smoky residue, possibly giving him away. What was more, carrying around a charred chunk of wood tended to leave him stinking of campfire, a scent that was nearly impossible to wash clean. 
With the raya, though, he could explore caves or gather his belongings before dawn and never go near a fire, and if the purple light did leak from his shirt, he could simply stuff it in his pack like the rest of his tools.
It wasn’t, though (leaking through his shirt, that was), so he left the amulet where it was and lifted his eyes from the front of his shirt to the prairie in the north. 
The third and final problem—or possible problem—was actually standing somewhere behind him. It was the weapon he and Serit had brought along to take down the mystery killer. 
Well, brought along wasn’t quite accurate. He and Serit hadn’t really brought along anything. The banning thing had followed them down here, trailing along behind like some giant crystal puppy-dog. 
Before speaking with Serit, Jaysh had referred to the thing as the shadow, namely because the thing followed him around just like a shadow, even though, by light of day, it looked nothing like a shadow. It was only later that he learned the creature’s true identity, that it was a kryst, and that there had been two of them. They apparently protected the king and the king’s family. 
This had come as kind of a shock to the woodsman—seeing how he had no recollection of a kryst (or most of his childhood, for that matter)—but the shock was not the reason he refused to look behind him. It was because looking behind him would be a tremendous waste of time. 
After engaging in several days of scouting and hunting in the kryst’s presence, he had observed no negative effects from having the creature around. It was almost as though animals registered the crystalline man as nothing more than the chunk of stone he resembled, as though they had trouble seeing it at all, much the same way that Jaysh sometimes had trouble seeing it, even though he knew it was always there. 
Would it leave, Iman had once asked, if you told it you had urges?
No, Jaysh had told him, it doan’ never leave. 
Well, I don’t see it now, Iman had countered.
Trus’ me, Jaysh had explained, shaking his head as one who knew, it’s still there. 
So no, Jaysh didn’t believe his sparkling protector was the problem. It had never been a problem in the past and, until something happened to change his mind, he didn’t believe it would be in the future. 
His partner on the other hand…  
Jaysh rolled his eyes to the right without daring to move his head. His partner, Serit Branmore, was lying two paces in that direction, nestled down in his own camouflage and, for the most part, making no sound at all. 
Well, there was some whimpering from time to time (never a good sign on a hunting expedition), but Jaysh was willing to take it. He’d take whimpering over talking any day of the week, especially since Serit had already proven he could talk with the best of them. The man had shown up at the stables this morning—mouth running like an escaped convict—and he had talked ever since.
Generally speaking, Jaysh liked General Branmore. He couldn’t say why this was exactly, since he actually had more in common with the Hinter-minded Reets, but the kinship he felt for the whisker-lipped historian was undeniable. As far back as he could recall—all the way to that lumpy green thing floating in his mind—there had always been a kind of partiality for the old man. 
Today, however—out here on the most dangerous mission of the four, a mission that could, potentially, save Jaysh’s kingdom and the only way of life he knew—the old coot was pushing that partiality to its limits. 
It had all began when Serit arrived at the stables and refused to wear the treetop clothing Jaysh had retrieved from the Shun. The old man cited allergies as the reason and claimed the garments reeked of tree mold and bark rot. He simply could not wear them. 
Jaysh was irritated, to say the least, but since the clothes did reek of tree mold and bark rot, he quickly let the matter go. As inconvenient as Serit’s man-stink might be to the integrity of the mission, a few poorly-timed sneezes would get them killed just as easily. Jaysh had let the old man keep his uniform. 
He drew the line at the medals, though. Real live allergies were one thing, but foolhardy superstition was quite another. So when the old codger reported that he meant to wear his array of jingling pendants on the mission, because they had always brought him luck, Jaysh nearly came unglued. 
Keeping in mind that he needed the old man—or, rather, that Iman had said he needed the old man—Jaysh kept his voice level and calmly explained to the general that the metallic clatter from his lucky pendants would likely get them the same treatment as the crumpled bear they had seen in the Shun. 
Upon hearing this, General Branmore was more than happy to leave his jingling medals behind. Of course, had Jaysh known the old man was going to talk, he wouldn’t have made such a fuss. The occasional clink of steel was nothing compared to the incessant yammering of his tongue.
Young Jaysh, should the kryst be behind us.
Young Jaysh, should the kryst be standing so still? 
Young Jaysh, should the kryst be standing so far behi—
“Young Jaysh?”
Jaysh winced, his teeth freezing on the vine within his jaw. He lay there playing opossum beneath his blankets and hoping feverishly that the old man might grow tired of calling his name, maybe roll over for a nice nap. 
“Young Jaysh,” Serit called again, this time in that oh-so-annoying puppy dog whimper. “Young Jaysh, can you hear me? Are you still there?” 
Spitting a stream of saliva into the reeds beneath his beard, Jaysh said, “I hear yeh.”
“Oh, good. Good,” the old man sighed, as if there were a chance Jaysh might have left. “Young Jaysh, do you remember what I said before about the, um…the kryst and its relevant histories, specifically the passages on puissance?”
Jaysh stared blankly at the prairie. He had no idea what that last word even meant, but at the same time he had no reason to believe Serit hadn’t mentioned it either. 
This morning, after refusing the treetop attire and then whining about his medals, Serit had done nothing but make mention of the kryst. It was history-this and legend-that—blah, blah, blah—all the way from the doors of the stable to the hills of the Sway. 
Wrinkling his face, Jaysh said, “I member yeh talkin, yeah.” 
Serit’s camouflage rustled sharply. “Good, good. Well, young Jaysh, I was laying here, and I was revisiting those passages and entries and I…,” he released another high-pitched snivel, “…it occurred to me that we might have overlooked certain aspects of the kryst’s capacity that might be crucial for the success of our mission.” 
Staring at the gap of light between the hillside and canvas, Jaysh said, “If’n you’re still worried bout that kryst wanderin off—”
“Oh, no. No, no. That’s not…It’s not the creature’s positioning that vexes me. It’s more the…um…,” he broke off in another groan, one that sounded like the ghost calls Gariel used to make when she’d learned Jaysh was sleeping on the Hill and had sneaked up there to give him a hard time. 
Forcing the spectral cry from his head, Jaysh said, “Is it the just-standin-there part? Cause less’n there’s a—” 
“I, uh…no. No, that’s…the passivity’s fine. It’s more the kinesthesia of the…the, uh…,” Serit trailed off again and this time Jaysh was worried. If the old man wasn’t upset about where the thing stood, or how the thing was standing, what else could there be? 
Hazarding a guess, he said, “Are yeh thinkin it’ll leave us high’n dry? Cause it doan’ do that. I can tell yeh now it—”
“No,” Serit said, cutting him off. “It’s not that. Well, it is that. In a manner of speaking. Not that I believe the kryst will abandon you—I know it’s not permitted to—I’m just…I’m worried that it won’t…,” his voice cracked, ending in another puerile moan. 
Jaysh sat up on his elbows and stopped chewing, a pang of worry suddenly flaring his chest. Normally, when it came to someone else’s fears—especially Serit’s fears—he simply considered the source and dismissed the matter. But all of a sudden, he couldn’t do that. All of a sudden, he felt as stiff as a board and as light as a feather, the general’s words growing loud in his ears. 
The canvas beside him gave a creak and the old man within gave another groan. “I think—” Serit said “—I think I’ve made a horrible mistake, a horrible, horrible mistake. I think…I think the histories might be wrong, young Jaysh—I mean…I know they’re wrong. Sections of them are, at least—and the legends, too, for that matter—but if they’re both wrong this time—if the histories and the legends are mistaken—then I think…I think we may…,” he paused, swallowed hard, then said, in a strained tone of voice more frightening than the silence, “…we may be in grave danger.”
Jaysh took a breath and forced his jaw to resume chewing, still trying to prime the think-pump in his head. He could almost hear the machinery up there popping and snapping and struggling to roll. 
Once they got going, he stopped chewing and said, “You’re thinkin all that cause’a them hist’ries?”
Serit’s concealment shook with what the woodsman could only assume was the nodding of a head. 
Jaysh said, “But I thought you was the one what said the kryst—” 
“I know what I said,” Serit hissed, “but that doesn’t make it true!” 
Jaysh winced and drew back from the canvas. As he did, he heard his brother’s voice come to life in his head: And Serit…well, you know Serit. He had some issue with the kryst and the histories, something to do with the integrity of the Sway Mission…
Jaysh hadn’t been at the roundtable meeting when Iman laid out his plans for the kingdom’s salvation. He had given Iman his blessing—the king’s blessing, that was—and that had been the end of his involvement. After that, Iman and Gariel had tracked Jaysh down in the royal gardens, had delivered news of the meetings, and had assured him that all was well.
But what if it wasn’t? What if this was just one more of the good captain notorious screw-ups and the butcher’s daughter was simply backing him so she could be queen for a day? Because yesterday in the garden, hadn’t Brine seemed a bit nervous about the Leresh Mission?
Jaysh spit in the grass, his mind whirling with tales of the kryst, and said, “So you’re sayin that thing din’t really kill all them Lathians?”
“Yes. Yes, of course it did!” Serit bawled. “Of course, it did. At the end of the Lathian War, we followed the kryst down the southern road counting bodies all the way. It killed scores of Lathians, left the path red with blood, but…,” a weak rustling sound as the old man’s head turned slowly in disbelief, “…but that was a wholly different situation from what we’re doing now. We’d been attacked, young Jaysh. The king was responding to a crisis and, naturally, the kryst was there to protect him, but this…,” more weak rustling, “…this is different. This is us asking the kryst to kill on behalf of the kingdom—not the king—and there is no historical record indicating the kryst even understands the issues of the kingdom, let alone cares about them.”
Listening to the eerie calm of the Sway as it accentuated the gentle purring on his back, Jaysh said, “There ain’t?” 
“No,” Serit said, his tone sad. “There is not.” 
Jaysh could feel a mild headache settling in. Either the buzz from his vine was starting to fade, or the Serit-induced stress was building in his temples. 
Driving a finger into the side of his head, he said, “So what’re yeh sayin?”
“I am saying,” Serit went on, “that we can’t assume the kryst will fight unless…Well, unless you’re in danger.”
Jaysh frowned at this, thought about it, then said, “What about them uglins?” 
“What uglings?”
“The ones them old kings sent the kryst—”
“Those are histories!” Serit all but cried. “See! Those are the entries I am speaking of, the entries we can’t prove! I know I sound like a crazed zealot, young Jaysh, but you must trust me on this point. I am speaking from several ages—No, no. I’m speaking from several generations of research, enough that I have actually lived through some of the histories, actually seen the events themselves and then read the poppycock that king’s put to parchment. The discrepancies are alarming, young Jaysh—Alarming! Some are outright lies and the others—those entries based on some semblance of truth—are clearly embellished.”
Wincing a little, Jaysh said, “Bellished?”
“It means,” Serit said, sounding like his will to live was draining away, “that the historians added to the entries so they would sound more impressive.”
Jaysh nodded, a picture of Iman passing before his mind’s eye. “Added to em, huh.” 
“Yes. Whole passages of speculation. Page upon page of fiction. I’ve seen it, young Jaysh. Historians seeking recognition. Kings craving legacies. Adding a half-truth here, omitting the mundane there; in a sense, they are rewriting our pasts. They are changing the very face of our reality.”
Jaysh waited to see if he were finished—hoping that he were finished—then said, “But wudn’t it you what tol’ Iman—” 
“I know what I told Iman, young Jaysh—I know! But you have to understand he was pressuring me—the council was pressuring me. They were staring at me and speaking with that tone that implies if I don’t have an answer then what good am I. And I just lost it! I told them everything, young Jaysh! The histories, the legends, everything that was written down! I told them everything!”
Jaysh hesitated, then said, “But not about them add-ons?”
“I tried,” Serit blurted. “Once my nerve returned, I did. I went to Iman the next day and tried to explain about artistic license and redaction, but he only…,” a quavering moan escaped his canvas, “…he only grinned at me. He grinned and told me we would be fine, that the kryst was our best chance at dispelling the mystery killer, and that we had to try and save the people of Jashandar, that I had to agree with that or I would be sentencing thousands of royal subjects to exile or death.” 
Serit moaned again, this time louder. “So I did. I agreed with him. I told him it was worth a try, that I might be wrong. But don’t you see, young Jaysh, I had to say that. I had to. I didn’t want to be the one who said, ‘Don’t try,’ only to find out later we could have succeeded. I had to agree with him. I had to.”
Having lost numerous debates with the silver-tongued captain, Jaysh understood all too well what Serit was saying. He simply couldn’t tell the man. In the place in his brain where kind retorts were formed, he was still trying to wrap his mind around the precarious situation in which they now lay.  
“So you’re tellin me—” he said, his voice clipped with exasperation “—that we’re layin out here in the open—” he paused to spit a streamer of saliva at the grass “—an’ we doan’ know the kryst is gona help?”
Serit swallowed hard, then whimpered out a sad little, “Yes.”
Jaysh lay there for a long time, the purring on his back becoming a deafening rumble.
Serit said, “And to be honest, young Jaysh, after what happened at the end of the Lathian War, I have often wondered if these krysts aren’t a sort of giant crystal lemming. After what we found in the castle upon our return, it makes me wonder if they aren’t simply waiting to fall over dead, without rhyme or reason. 
“If Aden wasn’t an example of that, I don’t know what is. By all accounts, his demise was inexplicable. He’d faced more powerful enemies than Lathian spies, and in far great numbers. In fact, compared with the forces Lorn overcame that very day in Lathia, the attack that ended Aden’s life was a trifle, a silly joke. 
“So who is to say this situation will be any different, young Jaysh? Who is to say that if Lorn’s capable of thwarting the mystery killer, he actually will?” 
Jaysh opened his mouth to ask just why in Sira’s Black Pit the kryst wouldn’t help, but as he did something got in the way. He had no idea what Serit was talking about. Oh, he’d heard about the Lathians and the Lathian War, but who was this Aden? Or Lorn? 
Cocking his ear at the pasture, he said, “Come again?”
“I said,” Serit repeated, “for all we know, Lorn may take one look at this mission and—”
“Who’s Lorn?”
There was a cricketless silence for a time, then Serit said, “Who’s Lorn?”
Jaysh didn’t like the sound of that. He disliked it so much that he went ahead and didn’t respond, aware of a tightening in his ribcage that was slowing becoming a stitch. 
Serit said, “Young Jaysh, are you not feeling well again?” 
As fate would have it, Jaysh wasn’t feeling well, but his current affliction had to do with the imminent demise he and Serit were apt to suffer, not the grief-induced amnesia to which the general was referring. 
This misdiagnosis had come about several days prior when Jaysh had disclosed to Serit and Iman that he did not remember a castle kryst or a kryst that followed his father. 
Later, when Serit and the council had questioned Jaysh about this, the woodsman couldn’t rightly tell them he had no memory of the past the ten ages. He certainly couldn’t tell them about the hovering green square in the midst of his mind. If they thought he was mad now, what would they say after hearing that? 
Bearing that in mind, he did what anyone would have done in such circumstances and lied through his teeth. Well, in truth, the council did the lying for him. He simply stood there looking sad and nodding his head. 
When it was pointed out—by multiple parties—that Jaysh had not only seen the krysts, but had been protected by one and, later, rescued by the other, the council was quick to concoct this grief-induced amnesia theory. 
Poor Jaysh, who hadn’t cared two licks for the old king let alone grieve for him, had simply gone along with it.
Serit said, “Young Jaysh?”
Jaysh chewed his vine slowly, thinking about whether or not he wanted to have this uncomfortable conversation. The answer, of course, was no, but he didn’t know how to pull that off. He lay there and he chewed and eventually a thought—like a far and distant campfire—took light in his mind. 
It was an old trick he’d seen Iman use on a number of occasions, a ploy the good captain used to fool attractive women into believing he was more intelligent that he actually was. Of course, in Jaysh’s case, there was a good possibility the ploy wouldn’t work, given his dearth of acuity and his great lack of sociability, but what did he have to lose?
Taking a deep breath to steady the quaver in his voice, he said, “D’jou say Lorn?” 
From the canvas beside him, another spell of ringing silence, followed by General Branmore saying, “I did.”
“Hmph,” Jaysh said, glad the old man couldn’t see the grimace on his face. “I thought yeh said somethin else.”
“So you do remember Lorn?” Serit asked, sounding skeptical. 
Jaysh clenched the vine between his teeth. He hated lying to Serit—hated it like giving Zeph a swift kick in the head—but anything was better than talking about the blockage in his mind. 
He drew another deep breath and said, “Yeah, I member im.” 
“And you remember Aden, as well”
Jaysh frowned, but managed to say, “Yeah.”
Serit stewed in the silence of the prairie, seemed to be on the verge of challenging the young woodsman on this pint, then said, “Well, in that case, you know exactly what I’m driving at, do you not?”
“I, uh…,” Jaysh faltered, thought the ruse was up, then remembered another of Iman’s tricks and said, “…do you?” 
“I believe I do,” Serit said. “It seems to me that if Aden had it within his being to fail the royal family against a threat well beneath his prowess, the same possibility exists for Lorn to fail his king—And that was the connection I tried explaining to young Iman, the connection between the two krysts. But the good captain, as you know, would not listen.”
“Uh-huh,” Jaysh said, happy the focus was shifting to his dear old friend. “Iman’s like that.” 
“Yes, he is,” Serit insisted, “although…wasn’t he acting under your orders?” 
“My, uh…,” Jaysh scratched his beard, “…yeah. Yeah, I guess he was.”
“Well, then, he’d have to listen to you again, would he not? If you were to explain to him what you saw that day?”
Jaysh felt stiff and light again. “What day was that?”
“The day Aden fell,” Serit said, as if it were obvious. “It would be most credible coming from you, young Jaysh. You actually saw the kryst fail, the only living person to do so. We have secondhand accounts from those who responded to the screams, the handful of people who were walking down the streets and responded to the cries, and of course the detritus we found in the castle halls…but if you could detail those events in your own words.”
Jaysh said nothing, only stared ahead.
“I’m sure those memories are painful, young Jaysh, which is why I have never asked you to share them, but now—seeing how we might be at risk…And knowing I’d never ask you to do so if I didn’t thi—”
“Serit.”
Serit hesitated, as if slapped, then said, “Yes.”
“Yeh need to hush.”
“Oh, I’m…I’m sorry, young Jaysh. Am I upsetting you?”
“Huh-uh,” Jaysh said, staring across the basin, “there somethin over there.”



Chapter 8

There was something at the Devil’s Dome as well. It was stuck to the side of the meteor-like stones and Kowin, with his arms over his head and his legs spread wide (practically dangling from the stones by two hairline cracks and a slight indentation), could feel its gritty texture beneath the fabric of his sleeves. 
He hoped it was a clue. He hoped it were the clue, the very one that would determine the whereabouts of the golden one and put an end to this miserable mission. He could not even believe how badly he wanted to get off these boulders and back to his experiments. 
As he suspected, the act of ascending the Dome had proven to be quite a chore. After circling the great heap and seeking the easiest route to the top, he’d discovered that there wasn’t an easy route to the top, only routes with varying degrees of difficulty.  
Realizing this, Kowin had located the boulder with the least amount of grade—which meant it had plenty of grade, just less than the others—and began to climb. The process was slow and steady and left much to be desired in the way of observation. 
Pressed hard against the rock-face in spread-eagle fashion—pink eyes squinted half-shut from the strain—he could no more see the ends of his sleeves than he could the sprawling prairie below or the eternal sky above. 
By the same token, he had no idea what he was feeling beneath the fabric of his robes. It felt like a callus film over the stone and the first word that came to mind was moss. 
Now that he thought about it, he was on the north side of the heap. Not that he planned it that way—the smallest of the Dome’s gargantuan stones had been over here—but the north side of any structure tended to have moss or lichen or some thallophytic plant. 
Only…if it truly was moss, and if he truly was on the north side of the pile—the shadiest side—why did the moss feel dead? Shouldn’t it be thriving?
Still unable to see the substance, he rubbed at it again, scraping the now-tattered ends of his sleeve across the patch. There was definitely a film of on the rock, but it felt neither soft nor moist. Rather, it felt rough and scratchy, like the surface of dehydrated mold.
“Oooooh,” he moaned, sounding like a simpleton. “This is clue. This is clue number… oh…,” he trailed off, biting his lip, “…what it called…five? No, it not five. That number of fingers...” 
 He gave up trying to count and continued to climb. One handhold…the next…a crack for his fingers…a hollow for his toes. Slowly but surely, his pink eyeballs rose along the Dome, creeping up the side until finally, at long last, they came to rest on the gritty scum. 
He gasped and nearly did a backflip into the clear blue sky. 
The hard film on the side of the boulder was transparent—Or mostly transparent. The longer he studied the phenomenon, the more flecks of color he saw hiding within, flecks of color that gave the desiccated fluid a slightly emerald hue, only emerald did not do the fluid justice. He wasn’t sure any color would. 
The scabby fluid that lay a finger’s length from the brim of his cowl did not have a true color. It might have at one time, before its moisture and essence was stolen by the sun, but now there was only the ghost of a color, a lime-like hue so faint as to be almost translucent.
“I know this,” he said, his eyes bright. “Gar, I know this. I know this clue.” 
He hung there on the Dome and thought about where he had seen it before, rifling through the list of crusted fluids stored in his mind. Very slowly, his eyes lost their brightness, then sank to the brown of the boulder. 
“It will come,” he said, sounding anything but sure. 
He cocked his eyes to the sky, being careful to keep the side of his cowl pressed against the stone—pressed so hard his earlobe grated against his skull—and peered up at the lumpy remainder of the Dome. 
Above him, he saw more of the greenish fluid decorating the stones, traveling in a zigzagging pattern from where he was perched on the rocks to where the rim of the structure pressed against the sky.
He twisted his chin back down and thought about what he was seeing, trying hard to identify the clue. Whatever it was, it clearly wasn’t a part of the stone. His fingernails had scratched through the layer as they clawed for purchase. 
He thought about the possibility of the fluid being spilled from above and decided it was plausible. No, it was more than plausible. It was downright likely. 
Considering what lived at the top of these stones and the messy manner in which it incapacitated its prey, a splattering of fluid was not out the question; Although…
Kowin stood hugging the rock-face and thinking about the messy means by which the dru’gye incapacitated its prey. That would have taken place in the wilds where it hunted, not the top of the Dome. The Dome was just someplace to sleep between feedings. 
With his doubts on the rise, Kowin tried to remember all the times he’d observed the golden one with the sphere, tried to remember the creature secreting a greenish fluid such as this, but nothing came to mind.
He thought about the royal extraction team making its regular visit to the Dome and steeling away the creature’s lustrous camouflage. He thought it possible that something had spilled during one of these engagements, but he could not fathom what it might be. 
He replayed the numerous extractions in his mind (he always watched, just in case the dru’gye returned mid-heist and laid waste to the royal thieves), but he did not recall anything being left behind; no bags or water skins, no grapples or lines.  
He supposed one of the men might have panicked during the ascent or descent, losing his footing on the stones or his grip on the lines, but even if that had happened and the silly sod went bouncing down the side (cracking open his head or suffering a compound fracture), what did Kowin expect to come squishing out of the man’s tattered flesh? 
“Man spill red blood,” he said, as through trying to remember, “but maybe this…,” he paused, standing there gape-jawed and squinting, “…Gar, you thinks, maybe, this a thing’s blood?”
The Gar person said nothing, but there was a distinct swelling in the sackcloth along Kowin’s left hip. 
“I thinks so, too,” Kowin said, and he seemed to remember a jar of diluted-green fluid resting on his dust-coated shelves. He had a habit of collecting the most interesting fluids and organs, but, alas, taxonomy and organization were not his strong suits. He had no idea where the jar was or when it had been filled or from what creature. 
“What makes this, Gar?” the healer asked, voicing his concerns aloud. 
The only response from the prairie came in the form of a shallow ballooning along the albino’s right shoulder. 
Kowin waited a moment more, searching the air about him as though Gar might materialize before his eyes, then leaned his pale nostrils against the crusty green scum and drew a breath through his nose.
When his old factory senses failed to register anything the first time, he repeated the process a second time, then a third. On the third endeavor, a hint of dusty stone registered at the back of his tongue. The residue itself, however, emitted no fumes. 
“What makes you?” he said, moving one frayed sleeve to the greenish scum and scratching a flake from the stone. He brought the speck to where he could see it and turned it in the hateful sunlight, flipping it this way and that and muttering to himself about which animals he’d tortured and which animals he’d snared. 
“I know this clue,” he said, closing his eyes and opening his mind. Since he rarely left his chamber, and he never left the castle, it shouldn’t have been difficult to recall. His whole life was one big cycle of tedious events: checking traps in the garden, arguing at the roundtable, cutting open his experimen—
The answer came to him in a flash, slamming his brain like a two-story drop from the side of a rock pile.
“Gar!” he said. “Gar, I know what this is! I know!” The speck of green trembled on the black of his sleeve. “This a dru’gore’s blood! This come from a dru’gore!” His frantic gaze shifted to the Dome. “It bleeded here, Gar! It bleeded right here on this rock!”
There were only so many creatures that bleed pea-green blood, which is what this mess had resembled when it first spilled from its owner and splashed upon the rocks. What was more, Kowin had been staring at the creature just that morning, standing right beside the thing in a depression of grass no more than twenty paces to the northeast, staring right into the holes on its crumpled faded flank. 
“Right here on this rock,” he muttered, this time to himself. 
Perhaps he should have drawn the conclusion sooner, but it wasn’t his fault. His anger at having been deceived had clouded his judgment, and the exhaustion of the climb hadn’t helped, and of course there was the location of the blood in relation to the bleeder. 
“On this rock,” he said again, his insides churning. 
He twisted his eyes to the slope above and reexamined the trail of gore. It was splattered on the rocks in a zigzagging pattern that implied the creature had been killed at the crest and then bounced to the prairie floor.
“This rock, here,” he said, caressing the stone without looking at it.
He twisted his cowl to the north and stared at the depression in the grass where the dru’gore’s carcass lay rotting. Something bad wrong was happening here. The golden one had begun killing for pleasure—killing a dru’gore, no less—the dru’gore were back in the Drugana but not killing for pleasure, sneaking around and clambering up the side of the golden one’s lair, something they had never done before… 
Kowin lifted his head to the meandering green stain, the serpent of dried mucus slithering down from the rim. 
His insides felt like ice. 
“Gar?” he hissed. “Gar, you hears me?” 
There was no response from either the Dome or the prairie.
“Gar, I scared.” 
Along the side of one arm, his sackcloth bulged, then receded, then vanished from sight. 
Kowin took the hint and continued to climb.



Chapter 9

By the time Brine reached the rim of the Harriun, he’d forgotten all about the mercenaries who hated him and the unwarranted abuse they’d inflicted. There was still mud in his hair—drying and crumpling and dribbling into his eyes—but he’d be lying if he said that still ranked high on his list of grievances. Even his disagreements with Godfry seemed impotent and far away. 
They were still there, he knew, buzzing about his periphery and swarming at his sides, but for now they had taken a back seat to the horrible landscape to the north.
Of course, with Brine’s eyesight being what it was, the landscape hadn’t looked so horrible from a distance. It had looked no more frightening than a thin line of black on the horizon, a thin black line separating the fields of Arn from the skies of Jashandar. It was not until he’d moved closer that the thin black line expanded and became a nightmare. 
At first, there was only the swelling of the blackness as it widened in the middle and drove a wedge of unreality between the green of the crops and the blue of the sky. 
After that, the band of blackness began to ripple and bulge at the fringes, developing knobs and protuberances and, eventually, looking like a wall of dead and tangled leeches. Shortly after that, the abysmal darkness within had seemed to seep out from its base.
It’s leaking, Brine had thought, feeling a pang of worry flutter through his chest. There so much of it in there that it’s leaking out. 
He might have turned tail and fled right then and there, but he could see the men of Lathia stomping ahead of him, the heathen brutes marching straight through the shifting mess, tendrils of shade swallowing up their legs, and not one of them bothering to look down. 
So if they’re going in, Brine had thought to himself, it can’t be too bad. 
But it could….and it was. 
Standing there now, Brine saw that the blackness on the ground—the stuff that appeared to be leaking towards him earlier—was actually just sand, a fine blanket of ebon grit that washed out from the interior and threatened to choke the adjacent plots. 
He looked down the length of the wilderness in either direction and noted the way the sand drifting out at different lengths and created an arcing saw-blade effect. He decided washed was the right word.
Black waves, he thought. Black waves devouring a leafy, green shore. 
But if the sands were waves, and the field was a shore, he didn’t know what to make of the things rising out of the waves. He knew what Godfry had called them, and what the good people of Onador would call them, but that didn’t make it so. You could call your toddler my little man, but that didn’t mean he’d go out and split firewood the next time it got cold. 
Brine gawked a bit longer at the boles rising from the sand and supposed they were at least tree-like. They were tall and cylindrical and they did spring vertically from the ground, but after that the semblance was a stretch. 
There were no limbs on their sides, no leaves of which to speak, and in the place where there should have been wrinkled gray bark and hard grainy knots, there was only a sleek layer of shiny black skin, the sort you might find if salamanders were black. 
“These things…,” Brine said at last, his head still craning from side to side, “…these are what we saw in Leresh?”
Behind him, Godfry said nothing. 
Ignoring the slight—or expecting it—Brine leaned to one side and scrunched up his eyes. He was intent, now, on searching the interior of the wilderness. If the flora looked like something out of a traveling freak-show, what did that say about the indigenous wildlife? 
He titled his head the other way and shielded his squinting eyes. Beyond the first row of boles, he spied nothing but the thickest shadows and the darkest gloom, a level of lightlessness that, at first, he could not believe. Not even the deepest sections of the Shun, with their thick boughs and tangled branches, were this pervasively dim. 
Brine thought about what he had seen of the things posing as trees, about the missing foliage and missing fronds, and then he wondered how it was that the rays of the sun did not shed themselves upon the ground. 
He cocked back his head to have a look…and gasped. 
His mind raced back to the thoughts he’d had while approaching this place, thoughts of the Harriun being an ocean of black and of its sands being the waves of darkness. He wondered if he hadn’t made those analogies because of the things he now saw hovering above him, the things that looked suspiciously like the tentacles of an oily squid. 
Without the suckers, he might have said they looked like tongues—long and wet and wolfishly pointed—but that would have made no sense at all. He wouldn’t have been able to wrap his mind around the idea of a thousand gaping mouths poised hungrily above him. 
A school of dangling black squid, on the other hand, that was at least plausible. And it did look like a school of black squid, or what he imagine one would look like had he been standing on the ocean floor and staring up at them. 
Plausible, he thought, but not possible. And he was right. The squid with which he was familiar, those described by fishermen and the villagers on the coasts, couldn’t have survived in the shallow waters of the Leresh, let alone perched up high on the tops of boles. 
But still, possible or not, he’d be lying if he said the idea didn’t worry him. Honestly, what if they were some kind of squid? A land squid, perhaps. Was it so impossible to imagine an air-breathing version of these aquatic octopods? Was that any more impossible than a frog-skinned tree growing out of an ocean of black sand? And was it so impossible to imagine these land-squids crawling up there and waiting for prey to wander along below, waiting for the perfect moment to leap down atop them?
Brine no longer thought so.
Taking a step back from the tongue-like protrusions, he pointed a finger at the hoary boughs and said, in a voice taut with deteriorating self-control, “What, uh…what are we looking at, Godfry?”
Behind and to the right, a page rustled in the air. Brine called his comrade again, waited as the old man’s silence persisting into infinity, then slowly came to grips with what the old man was looking at. It was not the boles.
Brine found it difficult to take his eyes from the suspended horrors—Because that’s what they’re waiting for!—but when he was finally able to do so, he found his teacher standing just as he’d left him: banana-bright and perfectly calm, his attention deeply engrossed in the pages of the Wogol. 
Brine was not surprised. This was how the old man had been since they’d stopped to break and he had loaned Godfry the manual. The old man had shoved his face in the pages, began to mumble as he read, and there his face remained, even as Brine grabbed a handful of sleeve and began leading him through the fields. 
Still holding said sleeve, the disciple gave it another tug and Godfry’s face came out of the book. 
“Yes, what?” Godfry said, his head coming up while his eyes lingered on the page. Brine watched the old man’s sleepy orbs track the last few lines in the paragraph, then slowly rise and take in the scene, pausing only briefly on the disciple as they made their way to the blubbery columns beyond. A moment more and the realization hit home. 
“Ah,” Godfry said, his feeble head nodding. “We’re here.”
“We certainly are,” Brine agreed, swallowing hard and glancing at the tongues. “Have you ever seen anything like this?” 
Godfry looked down at the swath of tracks trampled in the sand. “The tracks?” 
“No,” Brine said, pointing vigorously. “The things up there.”
“Certainly are a lot of them,” Godfry mused, still eyeing the ground. 
Brine exhaled heavily and dropped his shoulders. This wasn’t right—this couldn’t be right—and whether Godfry wanted to acknowledge it or not, the council would not have sent them to a place where eternal-night abounded and where colonies of land-squid lurked patiently in trees. 
Only they aren’t land-squid, the belly-fire crackled, sounding almost kindly. They might look like tentacles, and they might smell a little like fish, but in the end—when it’s all said and done—they’re just trees. Bad trees, yeah, but trees all the same. That’s why they call it what they do, the place—
“…the place of bad trees,” Brine muttered quietly, his expression glum.  
It was then, in the silence of his bleak stare, that the distant sound of shouting carried through the boles. 
Godfry lifted his head from the tracks. “Did you hear that?” he said, turning to Brine. “Is someone shouting?”
“Yes,” Brine said, not speaking much louder than he had before. He watched the old man from the corner of his eyes, watched him stare a hole in the side of his face. The shouts came again and his childhood hero turned back to the wilderness, his old face wrinkled with alarm. 
“Something amiss, do you suppose?” Godfry asked.
“No,” Brine said, speaking a little louder. “They’ve been shouting like that since we got here.” He drew the breath of a man preparing to dive into deep waters. “They’re just setting up camp.”
“Camp?” Godfry asked, his eyes lifting to the bright blue of the sky. 
Anticipating the next question, Brine pointed at the wilderness and said, “It’s a lot darker on the inside.”
Godfry squinted at the boles. “Ahhh,” he said. “So it is. So it is.” He grinned mildly. “Well, should we be going then?”
Instead of answering, Brine found himself turning to face his childhood teacher, found himself standing perfectly still in the sands of the Harriun and staring a hole in Godfry’s face for a change. 
At first, he didn’t understand what he was doing, but gradually the answer began to take shape. He was waiting for something. He was waiting for a time from his past…a time when he was small, his teacher was great, and life was good…he was waiting for his teacher to take him by the hand, offer some advice, and for everything to be all right. 
But what was it old Reets had always told him as a child? Spit in one hand, wish in the other, see which one fills up. 
It was a distasteful expression, to be sure, but it did accurately summarize Brine’s dilemma. The past was behind him and the garden was empty. His teacher—the man who used to solve his problems—was now his biggest problem of all, a mindless sack of hair and wrinkles shackled tightly to his ankle. 
Brine drew a breath and sighed. “Yeah,” he sighed. “We probably should.” He turned to the wilderness, yellow sleeve in hand, and led them both inside.



Chapter 10

Reets let his question sink into the titan’s huge and furry ears, his blue and brown eyes fixed on her liquid orbs. Her silent treatment had worked for a time, had convinced him that she was merely lost in thought instead of surveying the horizon, but not anymore. Her bluff was called and it was time to ‘fess up. 
Only she wasn’t fessing. She wasn’t even looking at him. 
“I knows yeh c’n hear me,” Reets said, feeling the ire rise in his cheeks. Being ignored, especially by her, did that to him. He shoved the pipe in his mouth and took a series of steady puffs. “Fess it up now, Mums. Wha’cha lookin at?” 
 Mums turned her head so that she could stare at the prairie from the side of her huge cow eyes. She held that position for a moment, then turned back the opposite direction and peered out at the shadow-riddled pasture from other side of her head. 
After a moment or two of this, she said, “What’s that, Reetsle?”
Reets’ body tensed. “I said, what—” he caught himself, before his temper ran wild, and clamped his teeth on the pipe. He made fists with his hands and sat there—rigid as iron—until the stiffness passed. When it had, he removed his pipe and said, “What’s out there, Mums?” 
Without moving her shaggy boulder-like head, Mums grabbed the club from beside her and set it between her legs. She began running a finger along the sides. 
Reets watched this with a frown. Judging by the delicate manner in which she handled the instrument, grabbing it by the head instead of the shaft and making sure not to drag the base along the ground, he might have suspect it was a very thick cane. 
Only, it didn’t look like a cane, even a thick one. By the same token, it didn’t look much like a club either. 
It was made of wood, Reets saw, and it was heavy on one end and tapered to gripping-width on the other end, but that was about all the club-like similarities he found. There were no spikes driven through the head, no leather bindings around the grip, no splinters or knots or desultory branches sprouting from the sides. 
Reets searched the surface of the club as he had many times before and saw it was actually sanded and smooth and graven with an endless circuit of squiggling lines. In a way, the squiggles reminded him of the archaic symbols he’d seen on shaman runes as a boy. What was more, as Mums placed a finger to the club and began gliding a tip along the designs, her meditative trance reminded him of the shaman while he prayed. 
Mums said, “Are you referring to the pasture, Reetsle?” 
Reets blinked and shook his head, the present slamming back into place. He lifted his eyes from the cudgel to the titan and said, “I’m talkin bout the thing in the pasture—The thing you been starin at since yeh got here.”
Mums’ finger reached the bottom of the design and began retracing its way to the top, moving as patiently and soothingly as before. 
“Reetsle,” she said calmly, “as disappointing as it may be for you to accept, Jashandar is reverting to Drugana. Like it or not. And the Mela’s blight, the mission we have been charged with ameliorating, is more than likely due to those changes and not to any pernicious beasts lurking in the shadows.” 
Reets rolled his blue and brown eyes. Here we go again, he thought. Out loud, he said, “So you’re still sayin them cows an’ such was kilt by the land?” 
Mums drew a long and pitiful breath, then released it in a long and pitiful sigh and said, “No, Reetsle. I am not.” 
“Ha!” he said, standing tall. “Somethin could be out there then!” 
“Yes, Reetsle,” Mums said, “but that is not our mission.”
Reets groaned and turned to the south, staring like a boy who learns the family pet will never be coming home. His favorite heir, Jaysh, was down there even now in the Southern Sway, down there with General Branmore, a man who Reets knew well who’d fought alongside Reets in the last two military engagements. 
Those men, however, were not the cause of Reets’ longing. His longing was due to blessed mission those men had received, the blessed mission that brought those two dogs toe-to-toe with a real-life monster, the blessed mission that had been stolen from Reets even as he begged to receive it. 
He’d done everything he could to get that mission; He’d slapped his hands on the roundtable, he’d screamed at the other counselors, he’d ignored them when they’d screamed back. They’d gone on and on about how that spook—or kryst, as Serit called it—was the only chance they had against the mystery killer, and how Jaysh was the only one who could lead the kryst into the Sway, and how Serit was the only one who could interpret the kryst’s behavior. 
Tha’s fine, Reets had bellowed. The more the merrier! 
But this had not worked either. The council had begun explaining that his going on the Sway Mission would leave the other missions shorthanded and that this might put lives in danger. Reets had scoffed at this, too. 
Shou’nt be so weak then, he’d told them. Wou’nt be no danger if’n yeh could handle yer own. 
At that point, the council had raised its collective hands, either in surrender to the halfling’s pigheadedness or in supplication for divine intervention, and threatened to rescind his diplomatic status, an act that would terminate his obligation to the kingdom and send him packing for Erinthalmus. Reets grudgingly accepted his original mission.
“Bunch of dirty cheats,” he snarled. 
Mums shifted the position of her head. “Cheats or not,” she said, “you agreed to the Mela Mission, Reetsle, and in so doing you agreed to disregard the other missions.”
“Spit if I did!” Reets snapped. “I ‘greed to stay out’a the south, but I din’t say nothin bout turnin tale to run if’n Jaysh and that spook scare the thing up here.” He paused conspiratorially and leaned towards the titan, checking the focus of her watery eyes. “That what happened, Mums? Did they scare the thing up here?”
Mums drew another breath. “Reetsle,” she said, speaking slowly and distinctly, “I see nothing in the prairie.”
“Yeh swears it?” he asked. “Yeh swear on your silly fates?”
Mums traced her cudgel for a while, as if considering the matter, then said, “I do.” 
Reets, who had been leaning towards her with anticipation, drew back as though struck. The titan was a lot of things, many of which Reets did not like, but a liar was not one of them. If she said she didn’t see anything in the prairie, then there was nothing in the prairie to see.
He turned to the Sway, searched it one more time, and saw nothing. His shoulders dropped and he muttered a curse to Rendel. 
“If’n that ain’t a kick in the head,” he said, snatching up his pack and axe. “Just a big ole kick,” he said again, making for the tents.  
He turned to find his way, caught sight of Captain Janusery beyond the fire, and watched an image form in his mind. He saw the fancyman watching him as he marched for his cot, saw him wait until Reets was completely out of sight, and then watched him slip a pouch of cubes from the interior of one boot. 
He stopped in his tracks and turned back to the titan. “Hey, Mums?”
Following a great pause, Mums said, “Yes, Reetsle?”
“We leavin at first light?” 
“Yes, Reetsle.”
He stared at her for a time, then said, “If’n Fancy ever stops runnin his mouth, you’ll tell him the same, won’t yeh?”
“I will tell him, Reetsle.”
“An’ you’ll keep an eye on im?” Reets asked, his voice taking an edge. “I’m sure he’s got cubes on im.”
“I will watch him, Reetsle.”
Reets studied her, wondering if she’d really watch the captain or if this was just another of those tell-Reets-what-he-wants-to-hear-so-he’ll-go-away moments. There’d been quite a few of those moments over the ages and, to be honest, this sure felt like one. 
There was just something about the way she was sitting over there tracing that club, something about the way she was staring into the prairie as though nothing really mattered. 
Oh, well, he thought, shaking his head and making for the tents. He passed by the watch fire and heard Janusery’s voice flittering through the flames. Old Fancy was going on about were-uglings from the Bottoms and how he’d slid down one of the mud burrows inside. 
Reets shook his head and spat at the coals, meeting Janusery’s eye through the flames as he did so. He offered Fancy a nod—it was the polite thing to do, after all—but it was curt enough to jar the helmet from his head. 
“Turnin’ in fer the night,” he said, not so much to be friendly as to make a subtle hint that turning in for the night would be preferable to staying up and playing cubes.
Janusery lowered his eyes and continued to tell his tale. 
Reets stopped, his suspicious stare becoming a malicious glare. Still, the fancyman never raised his womanly chin. Reets marched to the dancing tongues of fire and directed his glare through the flames. 
“Hey,” he barked.
As one man, all five privates raised their eyes to the halfling—one even standing and snapping off a salute—but not the fancyman. He never even looked up.
Reets said, “Hey, Janu’ery,” and this time the captain lifted his eyes, the expression on his face hard enough to nail down stakes. “I said I was turnin in fer the night.”
Janusery’s expression didn’t change. “Sleep well, war dog.”  
“Oh, I plan to,” Reets said. “I plan to. We gota get up bright’n early tomorruh.” He waited for a response, but when Fancy only continued to stare, he said, “How bout you, Janu’ery? You plannin to sleep well?”
With a stare as cold as his nod, Captain Janusery said, “YYYYYep.” 
“Oh?” Reets said, sounding incredulous. “An’ when’s that now?”
“I don’t know,” Janusery said. “Soon, I guess… after my story.”
“Story, huh.” Reets gave a deep, calculating nod, his entire mood seeming to teeter on a fulcrum of indecision. “Sure yeh ain’t waitin round to play cubes?” 
Still staring, Janusery said, “Can’t play cubes, war dog. You know that.” 
“Uh-huh,” Reets said, jabbing a thumb over his shoulder. “Well if’n yeh get any wild ideas, just you know that Mums is over there a-watchin.”
Janusery glanced at the titan, then back to Reets, then grinned. 
Reets shot a look over his shoulder and saw Mums as he’d left her. One fat finger on the club, one fat body staring east, one fat head still in the clouds. He turned back around and cleared his throat. 
“Yeh know what, Janu’ery,” he said, “why don’t yeh jus go ahead an’ give me them cubes?”  
Janusery came to his feet, pretended to consider the question, and then shrugged. “Because I don’t have to?” 
“Yeh wanna see bout that?” Reets asked, rounding the fire and watching as Janusery did the same, his face tense, his eyes narrowed. 
In that instant, Reets thought for sure he was going to get what he’d been waiting for. Fancy was going to make his move, he was going to draw that little pig-sticker of his, and Reets was going to be wholly justified in hacking the puke into pieces. He could almost feel his axe handle trembling in his hands, could almost feel the warmth of Fancy’s blood spraying across his face, could almost hear the sound of chipped bone as—
Janusery stopped moving around the fire and stood up straight. He crossed his arms and raised his chin…still grinning at him. 
Somewhat appalled, Reets dropped his pack and hefted Old Friendly in both hands. He might have left it alone had fancyman only crossed his arms and defied him, but that grin—that ever-lovin, smart-mouthed grin—that had rubbed the halfling the wrong way. 
Taking a stride closer, Reets considered his options. He couldn’t hack on a man for grinning at him—not if he hoped to get away with it—but there were other ways to bring a man down, especially a man like Fancy (if the term man applied). 
Stepping boot-to-boot with the captain, sneering up at him grandly, he said, “Yeh like to talk, doan’ yeh, Janu’ery?”
Still grinning smugly, Jansuery said, “Doesn’t everyone?”
Reets wrinkled his nose and gave a little shake of the head. “Naw,” he said. “Naw, mos’ folk’d be too scared to talk bout themselves. Too scared e’ryone’d learn what they done an’ where they been. Scared spitless, really.” 
The fancyman’s grin became a smirk.
Reets said, “Mos’ folk’d be scared they’d tell too much and e’ryone’d fin’ out about them ancestors of theirs.” 
The smirk became a thin, flat line. 
Reets said, “Cause if’n e’ryone foun’ out about them ancestors, then e’ryone’d be talkin bout what they’d done. Bout them Janu’erys down south an’ how they owned all that land in the northern Shun an’ how them kings’a old must’a been payin em favors to hold the land.”
He paused for a response, but when none came, he said, “The way I fig’er it, the kings’a old been payin yer kin lots’a favors. All kinds’a favors.” He looked Fancy up and down. “An’ all cause them Janu’erys of old was one’a the first fam’lies in after Arn settled the land. One’a the first to stake a claim.”
The captain uncrossed his arms, one hand falling beside the hilt of his blade. 
Reets noted the move, then nodded to the five privates seated on the ground. “Yeh want me to tell these boys bout the land, Janu’ery? Huh? Yeh want me to tell them what become’a old Elnor?” But even as he asked, he knew Janusery couldn’t answer. He knew speech would be impossible for a man with his jaw clenched like that. 
Without taking his eyes from the captain, Reets twisted his head towards the petrified privates and said, “Yeh see, boys, them Janu’erys of old run into a bit of trouble down there in the sticks. They was smart an’ all, good with planin and talkin,” he glanced at Fancy, “like our boy Janu’sery here,” he glanced back to the men, “but when it come to gettin the job done, well…they weren’t much fer work,” he glanced again at Fancy, “jus like our boy here.”
One of the privates, Reets noticed, kept glancing at the good captain with wide and fretful eyes, glancing the way one does at a lit fuse. 
Pretending not to notice, Reets said, “So there they was, them Janu’erys of old, jus’ a-sittin round on their backsides an’ tellin folk what to do, watchin trees come down an’ houses go up, watchin real men wander into the fields an’ tend the livestock an’ bring in crops. Perty good life fer em, I’d reckon, sittin round on their backsides, barkin orders like that.”
He took out his pipe and pointed it at one of the men. “But then it all went sour on em,” he said, pronouncing sour as sar and pointing his pipe at the next man. “They come awake one mornin—all bright-eyed an’ bushy-tailed an’ ready to start sittin on their backsides an’ barkin orders—an’ bless my axe if’n they din’t find themselves knee deep in a whole pu—” 
“Reetsle dear,” came a voice from behind him.
Keeping his eyes on the privates, Reets cocked his head over his shoulder and said, “Kind’a busy, Mums.”
“I see that, Reetsle,” Mums acknowledged, her voice drawing nearer, “but I really do need to speak with the men.”
Reets watched the privates’ eyes swivel to something that was moving in behind him and that stood about three halflings over his head. 
“It’s gona have to wait,” he told her. “I’m sort’a in the mid—” 
“It’s very important, Reetsle.” 
Reets was still wrestling with the shock of being interrupted for the second time when a large and hairy hand lit on his shoulder. He jerked his head towards the offending fingers, his eyes bulging. 
“Woman,” he warned. “Woman, yeh best get that there hannnaaaaaaaargh—!” 
The titan’s banana-thick fingers cinched down on his shoulder blades and filled his upper body with a heavy, black pain. He was aware of his pipe falling from his mouth, his axe dropping from his fingers, and the world falling away into the relentless pressure at his arm. When the pressure relented and the world came back, he could hear the titan speaking, addressing the five privates who stared up at her in rapt horror.
“…then gather one day’s rations,” she was telling them, “saddle your horses, and ride for Castle Arn. And for the sake of the fates, do not stop for any reason.” She released the halfling and didn’t seem to notice as he went stumbling for his axe. “And when you reach the castle, tell the lieutenant on duty not to send replacements. And send that same message to the remaining troops at Westpost. Is that understood?” 
Reets snatched up Old Friendly and turned on the titanic hag, intent on burying the blade deep in her thigh, but as he raised the weapon over his head and gritted his crooked teeth, a handful of words seeped through his thick skull and took root in his brain. 
He lowered the weapon and stared after the five soldiers as they disappeared towards the tents and supplies.
“Mums?” he heard himself say. 
“Iman Dear,” the titan was saying, laying a hand to the captain’s shoulder, “you’ll want to gather your things as well.” 
Iman didn’t even nod, just took off at a run for the sleeping tents. 
“Mums?” Reets said again, watching the captain striding away. 
“Your pack, Reetsle,” the titan said, pointing to the discarded satchel as she lumbered passed him. 
Numbly, Reets reached for his pack and pipe. “What’s goin on, Mums?”
“Not now, Reetsle,” she said, and thundered away from him, cudgel in one hand, mug in the other. 
Reets gawked at her, his thoughts conflicted. There was a part of him that was still thinking about the hand that had grabbed him and about what he’d like to do to that hand, the same part of him that wanted to curse the shaggy know-it-all and go about his way. He didn’t have to listen to that bloated cow, especially if the bloated cow wouldn’t tell him what was going on. 
At the same time, there was another part of him that had noticed the way Mums was looking over her shoulder every third or fourth step, the way she was checking on the shadows as though they were full of nightmares. 
He grabbed his things and hobbled after.



Chapter 11

As it turned out, the interior of the Harriun wasn’t as harrowing as its name implied. It was creepy and disturbing and unsettling beyond all reason, but it was not overtly hazardous. At least, not in the manner Brine foresaw. 
After listening to Reets’ tales and the Legends from Fendly’s time, he’d expected to hear creatures lurking behind every bole and see clawed footprints pressed deep in the sand. Instead, he found the place as dead as the Hill in the midst of high winter, nothing flying through the air, nothing scurrying up the tongues. 
At first, he wondered if the wildlife was simply keeping to the darker parts of the forest, keeping back from the tool-wielding laborers and the exposure of the fields, but the deeper he plunged, the deader it became. 
The only noise was a strange gurgling that came from deep within the wilderness. It sounded every now and again, a low and guttural vibration that seemed to tap into his teeth and spine, but it never came near. 
In a way, Brine thought it sounded like the creaking of real trees as they swayed in a real breeze, but he knew that wasn’t the case. These weren’t real trees and there wasn’t any wind, not in Jashandar. 
Once, when his curiosity was at its peak, he’d stopped to listen to the haunted gurgling and managed to discern a pattern and duration. It started out hard and fast, like his stomach on the first day of a winter fast, then slowed quickly to a groan, then died out. 
Whatever it was, he quickly put it out of his mind. Like the sun overhead—or the sun he supposed was overhead, somewhere beyond the occluding tongues—the rumbling was sort of there and not there, always with him, but always out of reach. 
If he stopped and listened, he could hear it gurgling somewhere in the distance, but for the most part it was background noise, always coming from somewhere else and never presenting him with any problems. 
The boles, however, were an entirely different story.  
As Brine stood in the light of Arn’s Promise and peered in at the gloom of the Harriun, he had suspected the space between the boles to be full of nothing but empty shadow. He had been wrong about that. The space between the boles was full of other boles, smaller in stature, but equally disgusting. 
These bollets as he called them (it was either that or bapling, a bole sapling) were quite literally everywhere. Some were no larger than cabbage bulbs and littered the ground like tiny droplets of tar and others were as large as knee-high stalagmites and created whole hedges of acute triangles. 
Then there were those that Brine hated most, the ones that rose twice his height and that sprouted a thinner version of the overhead tongues. Only these tongues, unlike their larger counterparts, hung down to Brine’s chest and felt like dead snakes. 
Needless to say, he tried his best not to touch them, picking over bulbs and skirting around hedges, ducking under tongues and scrunching up his shoulders. Making matters worse was the long, yellow sleeve clutched in his hand and the daft old man sticking out the other side. 
Before too long, the constant straddling and stooping began to take its toll on the disciple and he felt his legs growing heavy and his breathing growing weak. He felt his feet drag the ground and his sandals groove the sand and he thought, I need to high-step it or I’m going to have problems, and then he had problems. 
Before he could react, one set of toes sank deep in the grit and he went tumbling forward, sticking out his hands and flailing his arms and grasping for anything handy, which was nothing. 
His fingers sank into something that felt like the underbelly of a frog and, an instant later, his face did the same. 
“Gughhh!” 
There was no exterior film or residue on the bole, but Brine came away spitting none the less, spitting and wiping and making no end of revolted expressions. 
It had been warm! The skin of the bole had been warm! It had the texture of settled pudding, the plasticity of fresh wax, and it was warm! Not as warm as he was—far from it, actually—but it was definitely not cold or clammy. 
Scrambling back from the thing, he wondered briefly if something had been leaning against this bole, something slumped against the trunk with its arms hooked and its ears cocked, something listening as he and his partner tripped their way through the sands. 
He looked down at the smooth granules around the base of the bole—save for where he’d fallen, obviously—and realized the only thing to press itself against the tree, at least recently, was him. The warmth he’d felt was being generated from within the bole. 
Still wiping at his cheek, he thought back to the felled bole in the Leresh and decided this wasn’t so odd. Anything with the insides of fauna was likely to act like fauna, right? And most fauna emit their own heat, right? Even reptile and amphibians emit some heat. 
Another image of the tattered bole slipped inside his head and he thought, But if it’s producing its own heat… 
“…what else is it doing?” 
This last part came out of his mouth in a half-whisper, a quiet musing spoken to no one but his own curiosity. He cocked his head on its side and ran his eyes up the bole, his mouth gaping open in an apt expression of wonder. It was almost like the act of touching the thing had broken through an emotional barrier and now, with said barrier removed, his desire to know was running rampant through his mind. 
He cast a quick glance at his partner, found him with his face still shoved in the Wogol, and cocked an ear for the Lathians. Somewhere to the north, he could hear the fearless leaders shouting orders at the subordinates: Tie this thing down, Dig a trench for that thing, Go gather up these other things. 
Actually, he wasn’t close enough to pick out the details, but that’s what he imagined. The important part was that camp was being set and that the Lathians weren’t leaving. 
He brought his head level with the place where his hand and face had struck the trunk. He stared at the depressions in the skin…and felt his breath catch in his throat. 
The slippery black skin was slowly lifting into place, swelling out from the center of the blow and erasing all evidence of his violation. It reminded him of the flowers from the garden and how they opened to meet the sun, moving with such a dearth of alacrity that they actually appeared not to be moving. 
He could see the impression of both hands—one with no fingers as it was curled in a fist, the other with all fingers splayed and grasping—but what really held his gaze was the impression of his face.
It was his face…but it wasn’t his face. The longer he stared, the more it reminded him of what his face might resembled had he been burned in a fire or disfigured by a beating or—he swallowed hard—trapped inside the skin of this full-grown bole. 
It was that thought that disturbed him most, the thought of being pulled inside by the overhanging tentacles and then wrestled into place by the pliable skin, slowly suffocated like an ant in molasses. He watched the impression of his teeth smooth flat, the blob of his tongue level out. He got to his feet and backed away. 
Before that unsettling scene, he’d actually considered digging along the base of the bole and seeing if it had some sort of root system. Instead, he circled the bole (at a distance) and stared up at its great flawless length. When his eyes reached the top, he searched for an opening in the tongues and found none. 
That was a shame. He really wanted to see how they branched from the main trunk, if they grew out from the sides or directly from the top or it they sprouted from a bulb like the cabbage droplets on the ground. In the end, he was left only to guess, unable to see past the lolling tips and swollen tubes. 
Anything could be up there, he thought, and immediately felt cold. Anything at all, he added, unable to stop himself. And I bet it could have its head pushed down so it could see me and I couldn’t see it.
Ahead of him, the call of the Lathians rang in the boles and suddenly he wanted to be with them, or with Godfry, or with Sira herself. He turned to leave, reaching for the old man’s garment without bothering to turn his head, and something on his right stopped him dead. 
He lowered his arm and took a step forward, his curiosity tempered by fear. Whatever the thing was, it was located in the side of the bole, at about head-height, and it was all but glaring at him. 
I was falling before, he thought. I was falling and tripped right passed it. But he could see it now. He could see it clearly. 
He took another step towards the thing, only an arm’s length away, and since he was only an arm’s length away… 
Don’t, Rugs.
…he leaned forward for a better look. It was a hole. Or at least, it looked like a hole. With his eyes you never knew, so he lifted his arm…
Rugs, don’t do that.
…and ran the tip of his finger around the edges of the thing. 
It was a hole all right, some sort of puncture mark in the skin of the bole, and what was more, as he leaned forward for an even closer look, he saw the pinky-wide bore was not alone. There was another beside it, and another beside that. In fact, by the time he finished counting, he was face-to-face with four finger-thick holes, each one separated from the other by the width of a thumb. 
Now this is interesting, he thought, picturing a woodpecker and a burrowing insect and trying to imagine how desperate a bird, or bug, would have to be before it stuck its mouth, or body, into something like this. 
It wasn’t much of a hypothesis, he knew. He hadn’t seen any birds or bugs since entering the Harriun, and even if he had, he wasn’t sure they were capable of drilling a tree with four perfectly-formed holes, and even if they were, he doubted they were capable of accomplish the same feat twice...though something had. 
He retrieved his monocle and stared up at the second set of perforation. It was roughly one body-length above the first set and identical in every way. He made a quick check of the other trunks (those in his general vicinity) and found them to be without holes. Turning back to the set of holes at eye-level…
Get back, Rugs.
…he leaned in a little closer and moved the monocle right up to the trunk. Dark smears of amber crusted the rim of each opening, a crusty residue that reminded him of dried honey. He raised his free hand from his side and scratched the one on the far left, watching as its residue broke away with no more resistance than one of his own scabs. 
He wiped his finger on his mud-caked robes, leaned the monocle in a little closer, and wondered if maybe he’d been thinking about this all wrong, if maybe it wasn’t something that had gone into the bole, but something that had come—  
Something grabbed his arm and he screamed, spinning around and finding the culprit to be Godfry. 
“Sweet Amontus Almighty,” Brine breathed, fixing the old man with a terrified look…and noticing, gradually, that the old man wore the same look. 
“Sam’s boy,” he said, his wrinkled eyes staring past him to the north. “Are they calling for us?” 
 Brine followed the old man’s gaze to the sleek columns in the distance. “No,” he said. “I’m pretty sure they’re setting camp.”
 Godfry nodded, but he did so unconvincingly and he continued to stare into the throbbing flora in a way that greatly disheartened the disciple.
Brine said, “Why do you ask?”
Godfry’s brows lifted towards his bushy hair. “Oh, there for a time,” he said, sounding rather indecisive, “I thought I heard names…maybe ours.” 
Brine wrinkled his nose. “I don’t think it’s names, Godfry, not unless someone—” 
And just like that, like a silver spike through the brainpan, the authoritarian cries to the north morphed within his ears and he realized he was hearing the same word screamed repeatedly in the trees. 
And it was a name.



Chapter 12

Jaysh couldn’t tell what he was looking at across the valley. It appeared to be some sort of animal peeking its head from the grasses, but that was just a guess. At this distance, it was impossible to be sure. 
He let his eyes relax for a moment, least he get a headache from the strain, then scrunched them up anew. Across the way, the thing in the grass had not changed. It still looked like it had been painted the wrong shade of dirty white, that it had the roundish head of a feline—heavily jowled, perhaps?—and that it was staring right at him. 
You cain’t know that last part, said a female voice from deep inside his head, the voice of his woman friend, Gariel, whom he had left in Castle Arn and whom, he was sure, was enjoying her new life of luxury. 
Jaysh continued to study the pasty white blob in the distance. He knew better than to argue with the voice of his woman friend, even the projection of her voice. 
Exhaling soundlessly through his nose, he thought, Sure looks like it.
But even that was a lie. From across the growing shadows of the valley, the angle of creature’s head was impossible to discern, let alone the position of its eyes. What Jaysh should have said, had he wished to be honest with himself (and the voice of his woman friend) was that it sure felt like it. 
He began to chew his vine again, moving his jaw in slow and thoughtful circles and pondering what he saw. After a while, he decided it was the creature’s immobility that was causing him to feel this way. 
It had been several long moments since Jaysh had spied the thing lurking in the brush and shushed his partner to be still, and yet the thing hadn’t moved once in all that time, not even to change the position of its head. 
Now, Jaysh knew immobility was in no way related to the visual aptitude of a creature of the prairie, just as he knew that it was in no way proof that the little beastie was staring at him as he lay motionless in his blind…but, oh man, does it ever feel like it.
The imaginary Gariel in his head held her tongue this time and Jaysh was left to stew in the silence of his mind, listening to the echo of his own declaration and hearing, finally, how ridiculous the idea sounded.
Gariel was right. He didn’t know the thing was staring at him. Just like he didn’t know the alleged watcher was an animal. Considering the Bottoms were no more than a stone’s throw to the east and that the thing across the way was acting like no animal he’d ever seen, it was more than likely an ugling.  
But you cain’t know that neither, Gariel told him, and again she was correct. Until the thing broke from its paralysis and began moving through the reeds, all Jaysh could say for certain was that its pelt was a dirty white and that its head hadn’t moved once since he’d seen it peeking from the reeds. 
In lieu of good head shake, which was what Jaysh usually did when he needed to clear his mind and change perspective, he rolled the pulp to his other cheek and began kneading the damp mulch with the fresh side of his mouth.  
He wasn’t a smart man by any stretch, and most of the council members would have vouched for this (in a heartbeat, actually), but he did have a fairly solid memory about him, so long as it was focused on information stored over the last ten ages, or the period of time he referred to as A.G.B. (After the Green Blob), not to be confused with B.G.B. ( Before the Green Blob). 
For example, he could tell you which birds you’d find roosting in the boughs of the Shun and what time of day they’d be active, or which areas of the Kilashan housed the most bears during the winter cycles and when to steer clear of them, and even what kind of berries a red squirrel preferred to eat and what exactly the little critter did with the seeds.
But if you asked Jaysh to share with you his favorite toy as a child, or any of the wild adventures he and Iman had shared when they were kids, he had no idea what you were talking about. 
Like the two krysts he supposedly spent time with, and the treacherous Lathian War he’d supposedly survived, everything he had stored away during the formative ages of his life no longer existed. 
Thankfully, though, his knowledge of the Sway and its many predators had been accumulated A.G.B., so he knew right away that what he was staring at across the way was probably a member of the canine family, a coy dog or a stray, or maybe a coyote or scabe-wolf. 
Had he only his eyes to rely upon, he might have said the pale creature on the other side of the ridge was a cougar or bobcat or some other round-faced feline, but since he was also viewing the animal through a thick pane of past experience, he knew that cougars and bobcats in this region stayed out of the pastures. 
On occasion, the big cats might stray far enough from the Shun or Kilashan to snag an isolated deer or cow, provided the prey was weak or sick and within sight of their natural habitat, but they would not have come this far inside. 
Likewise, a feline predator wouldn’t have been so foolish as to reveal themselves in the presence of the decoy. That was dog behavior. Dogs were the ones that came barreling into the open and spooking their prey into a chase. Cats preferred to slink and to stalk. 
So le’ me see if I got this, Gariel said, sounding like she did when she’d been hitting the sauce hot and heavy. It’s some kind’a dog…that’s actin like a cat? She paused for Jaysh to think, then said, Cause it ain’t exactly barrelin down the hillside, now is it? 
Jaysh stopped chew his vine and winced at the pale head in the reeds. He didn’t say anything to his woman friend, least he incur her horrible wrath, but those were the kind of observations he could do without.
And when was the last time, Gariel went on, that you saw a cat or a dog with that shade’a hair, huh?
The truth of the matter was that Jaysh had never seen hair like that. He’d seen a handful of albino animals through the ages—ivory predators, pink-eyed pets—but that wasn’t what he was seeing now. The thing on the opposite ridge was not a snowy white of clean alabaster, but dingy white of eggs still sitting in the coop, half-buried in straw and feathers and flecked with little black drops of crap. 
Hey, you know what, Gariel said. Maybe ole Mister Whithead ain’t really starin at you after all…Maybe he’s starin at the place where it heard the talkin.
Jaysh felt a streak of hope flash through his center. Despite the raging alcoholic who’d uttered those words, the idea was actually pretty good. He and Serit had been talking up a storm before the creature appeared. Who was to say their voices hadn’t drawn the creature? 
Squinting once more, he searched the sides of the creature’s rather large head for anything resembling a fold or flap or lobe. When he found nothing, he searched it again, and then one more time after that. On the fourth go, he decided it was official: the side of the creature’s head was as smooth as the helmet on a foot soldier. 
That didn’t mean anything, of course. Snakes and voles didn’t have ears and they could hear you from afar, or at least that’s what Serit had told him. It had something to do with feeling minute vibrations in the ground, or something like that. At any rate, if it worked for snakes and voles, he reckoned it could work for the thing across the way. 
And ain’t it startin to look like a snake? he wondered. With its head up like that an’ its body holdin still?
As if sensing these incriminating thoughts, the animal on the opposite ridge broke from its stance and waddled back the way it came, disappearing in the reeds. 
Jaysh sat up and stared disquietingly at the empty space where it had been, his muscles tense and his mind spinning. 
From the shelter beside him, Serit said, “Young Jaysh?”
Jaysh took in a lungful of air. “Yeah.”
“What was that?”  
“I dunno,” Jaysh said, exhaling his breath and realizing there was a thin line of discomfort pulsing on the side of his head.
Serit said, “It wasn’t our quarry, was it?” 
“Huh-uh,” Jaysh said, pressing a finger to his temple.
“It wasn’t large enough?” 
“Huh-uh,” Jaysh said, thinking about the damage he’d seen on the crumpled cow and mangled bear. 
“I didn’t think so,” Serit said. “But did you notice the kryst?”
“Huh-uh,” Jaysh said, hooking a finger in his mouth and prying the juiceless vine from his unfeeling cheek. “Wha’d it do?” 
Serit huffed at him. “It did nothing,” he said. “Absolutely nothing.” 
Wondering why he was being told about something that didn’t happen, and not quite sure how to respond, Jaysh said, “Huh.” 
“Do you know what this means?” Serit asked.
Jaysh sent his tongue along both sides of his jaw, searching for stray splinters and left over bark and recalling the uncomfortable conversation he’d been having with Serit prior to Mister Whitehead’s appearance. 
Serit had been treating him to his latest theory on the kryst, a theory explaining how the crystal man was either unwilling to help in their quest or inclined towards spontaneous bouts of suicide. 
Licking wood flakes from the seam of his lips, Jaysh said, “I din’t think you was sure about that.” 
“Well, of course, I’m not certain,” Serit said, desperation in his voice, “but there isn’t a means to be certain, not unless one of us speaks to Lorn, and even then…” he trailed off, made a few whimpering sounds, then said, “…Lorn rarely communicates with others, and when he does, it is only with kings. So I couldn’t be the one to ask.” He added this quickly and, Jaysh thought, conveniently. “It would have to be you, young Jaysh. You would have to be the one who speaks with him…,” he trailed off, “…Didn’t you say it communicates with you?”
“Yeah,” Jaysh said, and added to himself, before it started throwin my stuff aroun an’ scarin my pet off. But since he didn’t think that would hold much weight with the general, he said, “But what am I gona tell the thing that it doan’ ah’ready know?”  
Silence from Serit’s blanket, followed by an uneasy sigh. “That’s true,” he said. “If you’ve heard about the missions, then rest assured the kryst has too. There’s no historical record to indicate its perception is any worse than ours. In fact, considering what I leaned of Aden on the day of his demise, I’ve often wondered if their perception wasn’t superior to that of our own, perhaps even clairvoyant. 
“In any event, that only serves to prove my point. If the kryst knows the folly of the kingdom and still it refuses to assist, then…then what chance do we have?” 
Sitting there with damp pulp in his hand, Jaysh didn’t know. For that matter, he didn’t know what Serit was talking about either. He’d stayed afloat until the word clairvoyant and then things had just unraveled. He was pretty sure he didn’t have to talk to the kryst now and that, pretty much, was all he cared about. He’d rather swim the Dell at full moon than look into those empty cobalt eyes. 
Still, it wasn’t like they were out of the woods yet. They still had no idea if they were hunting the mystery killer or if they were simply laying out here and waiting to be squished. According to Serit, the kryst wasn’t going to lift a finger unless the king was in danger, and Jaysh most certainly wasn’t in danger, not way up here in his blind safely removed from—
A thought flared to life in his mind, one so simple he wondered how he’d missed it. 
“If the king were—If I were in danger,” he said, digging his fingers into the soil, “that thing back there would fight?”
Serit seemed to think about this, then said, “Well, theoretically…based upon historical records…I can’t—I don’t see any reason…”
This went on for quite some time and, again, Jaysh found himself functioning by inflection alone. The words in the Serit’s answer could have meant anything, but his tone said yes. 
Wriggling his fingers into the roots, Jaysh said, “So all we need is fer me to be in danger?”
Another thoughtful pause, followed by: “Technically speaking, young Jaysh, we are in danger.” 
“Yeah, but not enough,” Jaysh said, prying his fingers back and forth, widening the dimensions of the hole. “Sounds like I need to be closer.” 
“Clo—Closer?” Serit chocked, then cleared his throat. “Closer to what?”
Jaysh dropped the pulp in the hole and pushed sod back together. “The decoy.”
Serit paused again, and this time Jaysh could practically hear the sound of a human brain popping and pinging. The general said, “How close?”
Jaysh wiped his fingers on the grass and pulled a pouch from the inside of his shirt. “I reckon I’d fit,” he said, extracting the coil of vine from the pouch and biting off the end. “I’d ‘ave ta ‘ull em ‘ankets out,” he said, his tongue wrestling with a fresh load of vine, “but I reckon I’d fit.” 
“Young Jaysh, you’re not…you’re not talking about entering the decoy?”
Spit pooling at the back of his throat, Jaysh said, “Uh-huh,” and this time the silence was so great that he could feel it rolling out of the grass and pressing in against him. 
 Serit cleared his throat. “Young Jaysh,” he said, “I think that would be MOST problematic.”
“How yeh reckon?” 
“How do I—” 
“I’d be in danger, wouldn’t I?”
“Yes. Yes, you would. That’s the problematic part.”
“But you was the one—” 
“Do you remember the bear, young Jaysh? Do you remember the way it looked like a pile of hairy guts and you had to tell me it was a bear? I’m still not certain that it was—it could have been a horse or two bears or a whole cete of badgers—but my point is that any beast capable crushing a full-grown animal into a meat pie is nothing we wish to trifle with.”
On the small of woodsman’s back, he felt Zeph jerk awake. She had been heavy and purring one moment, then tense and silent the next. Not wishing to startle her further, Jaysh lay there motionless and listening, feeling her stand between his shirt and the camouflage, then stiffen her legs and arch her back. 
When he felt her relax, her claws no longer pricking at his flesh, he said, “Maybe.”
“Maybe?” Serit said. “What do you mean maybe?”
“Well,” he said, counting the cat-thing’s steps as she crept from the small of his back to the blades of his shoulders, “that bear din’t have no kryst protectin it.” 
Serit made a gasping, huffing sound, then said, “Well, excuse me, young Jaysh, but I strongly disagree. Or have you forgotten the last time you placed your life in the hands of a kryst!” 
The answer to that question, of course, was an emphatic yes, but thanks to that uncomfortable conversation Serit had shared with Jaysh just before Mister Whitehead appeared, the woodsman knew the general was referring to a castle kryst named Aden and some horrible event at the end of the Lathian War.
Having no idea what he was talking about, but feeling the need to say something, least he lose this debate, Jaysh said, “That was just one time.” 
“Just one—” Serit froze up, his camouflage vibrating with tension. “Young Jaysh, please. Please, listen to me. Does it not stand to reason that you would be in less danger by going to the council and telling them how Aden failed you, than by crawling into a decoy and hoping Lorn follows through?”
The answer to this question was also yes, but it didn’t matter. Less dangerous or not, Jaysh could not go to the council and tell them how Aden had let him down. Aden and the horrible event had occurred B.G.B. and, therefore, were beyond his powers of recollection. 
If he tried to retrieve them from their shelf, he would likely swim about in the blackness of his mind, find a few recent images—a Swim Day here, a Hike Day there, a picture of Gariel inebriated on her bed—and then he’d come face to face with an ugly green mass. 
Jaysh contemplated telling Serit this, green blob and all, but considering how worried the old man became the last time the woodsman had revealed this inconvenient truth, he decided against full disclosure. 
Instead, he said, “Yeh doan’ know that’ll happen again,” whatever that was, he added to himself, “but even if it did, I doan’ see how we got much choice.”
“We have Mums’ plan,” Serit shot back, referring to the titan’s suggestion that they flee the land. “There is always Lathia or the Gabatween or the great cities of the south. Because I am here to tell you, young Jaysh, I believe Mums is right. I believe the land is becoming Drugana—all of it—the whole of the kingdom, and just so you know, Mums and I were both in favor of leaving, as is most of populace I would imagine, and as was your brother before young Iman cajoled him into staying.” 
Serit took a breath, then surged on. “Young Iman, as well as Reets and Balthus, do not have pure motives. Yes, they voted to stay, but I can assure you their motives had nothing to do with the good of the people.” He paused to inhale deeply then finish with, “But we do have a choice, young Jaysh. We always do.”
Jaysh lowered his lip to the grasses and spat out a streamer of saliva. He thought about his previous attempt at emigration, about packing his things and stealing his map—nothing personal, Serit—then heading out for the wilds of the Hinterland, but that hadn’t exactly worked.
He’d had his gear slung, his map read, his destination set, but when push came to shove, he’d found that walking away wasn’t as simple as he thought. Sure, he could regain his hobbies in the lands beyond the Blades, his simple way of life and his random shots of vine, but in so doing he would lose the little angel on the Hill, the one who watched over him at night. 
Zeph slunk off his shoulder and slipped around his head. He let her nestled down beneath his chin and lowered his beard to her back. 
“I cain’t leave, Serit.” 
Serit made a sharp intake of air, and not a pleasant one. Jaysh could almost see him over there stewing in his phobias and rubbing vigorously at his chest.
“And why is that?” he demanded.
Rather than tell him about Beth, Jaysh said, “I like it here.” 
Serit sucked more air through his teeth. “Yes, well, I understand that,” he said, “but for how long will the place you like remain the same? If Mums is correct, and I believe that she is, how long do you have before the place you love becomes something else?”
Jaysh made a face as he thought about his answer. He’d not come around to embracing that side of the coin yet, so enamored he was by the face on the other side, the side with the resolved happenings and that restored hobbies, but yes, there was another side, wasn’t there. 
On the other side of the coin, the land became uninhabitable, Gariel left, his precious Zeph was crushed in the Sway by the mystery killer, his precious Beth was lost to the ever-expanding slopes of the Bottoms. 
This last image stuck with him a while and he watched as the little stone angel slipped down that gradual slope of slime and mucus, her head bowed, her arms behind her back, her tiny body vanishing in the frozen mists within.
He set his jaw against the image, refusing to accept it. He would stay in the land of the old ones and he would spend his nights on the Hill, even if it killed him. 
He opened his mouth to speak these words and make real the painful truth, but before he could he caught sight of movement across the way. 
He turned his head to look…and found himself speechless.



Chapter 13

Kowin clung to the rim of the Devil’s Dome and stared down in wonder at the perilously magnificent clue trying to suck his pink eyes from their sockets. Unfortunately for him, he had discovered this clue on the last shed-sized boulder separating him from the lair.
A part of him knew that he needed to finish the climb, have a look around, then scurry down the other side, but another part of him, the larger part of him, was melting like butter beneath the beautiful clue. 
The clue radiated from the stone and he stopped hunting for hollows and fissures and just hung there like a tattered sackcloth rag, his eyes staring longingly at the semi-invisible find, his body going slack everywhere else. 
He felt the muscles in his fingers and toes growing weary and he knew he needed to keep moving before they gave out completely. The clue refused to let him, sucking him in like a wicked moth to a wicked flame.
“…just…little…longer…,” he muttered, ignoring the fatigue.
His limbs grew weaker still and he slowly became aware of sensation at the place where his skull and backbone came together. It felt like the world’s longest needle—a rusty and unclean device, from the feel of it—being slipped inside his flesh.
Something prickling me, he half-thought, now only half-focused on the alluring mystery directly before his nose. He reached back with one drooped sleeve and scratched distractedly at the irritation on his neck.
As the delicious new clue continued to hold his gaze (and most of his working mind), he rubbed feebly at the itch and thought vaguely about allergic reactions from the grass and bits of animal dander in his hood and poison sumac infiltrating his robes and a colony of fire ants feeding on his spine.
This a bad itch, he thought, digging his long and dirty nails through the sackcloth. 
He did this absently for a few more moments, thinking about what he should do with this dangerously wonderful clue resting at his chin…and then froze in place on the Dome, his sleeve slung over his shoulder, his fingers touching the enflamed skin. 
Even if he had an outbreak of flesh-eating bacteria, his groping fingernails should have at least distracted him from the discomfort. As it were, they weren’t doing anything at all, regardless of frequency or pressure. 
He leaned back from the Dome, careful not to pinwheel from the side, and lifted his cowl to the endless blue of the sky. Whatever had deceived him to the presence of the dru’gore and the insanity of the golden one, it was up there now. It was up there seeing without being seen. 
“I knows you up there,” Kowin said, peering into the emptiness and wondering suddenly if the deceiver’s abilities ranged beyond the scope of watching and if maybe the fiend could descend upon him. 
He looked over his shoulder at a new quadrant of sprawling blue and said, “What you wants?”
From every point in the eternal sky, the deceiver said nothing.
Kowin searched a new area of the sky, waited a moment more, then decided the deceiver, for the time being at least, was not a threat. It was aware of his presence at the Devil’s Dome, but nothing more. 
He lowered his cowl to the terribly fascinating clue pulling at his eyes and quickly forgot the deceiver. It was easy to do with the frothing rapture growing in his chest. 
I in big trouble, he thought, licking his lips with a pale-pink tongue. I in big, big trouble. 
He wanted to touch the clue, wanted nothing more, in all the world, than to spread his fingers wide and lay them to the boulder. If he did that, however, he would be stuck there like a fly in maple syrup and the deceiver would have its way with him. 
So goes around, he told himself, eyeing a few handholds on his left that would lead him around the clue and onto the lair. It not over there. It here—not there—so you goes over there and then you not haves to touch it. 
He told his left hand to lift from the cleft where it was attached and slide to the pockmarks on his left—a simple command, a routine command, and one he’d been making all afternoon as he traversed the Dome—but this time his hand didn’t move. He lowered his cowl to the hand and stared at it, willing it to move, demanding that it move, but the fabric held its ground.  
Go round, he said again. Slide over on other side of rock and go round. There room. You sees the room there. You sees it. Now, goes over there and use it. Goes over there—away from this parts here, this parts with the pretty lights—and crawls over. 
He slid one foot to the right and eased his weight along behind and the stubborn hand almost did as it was asked. At the last moment, however, he remembered how splendid it had felt the last time he’d happened upon a pocket of this dazzling bliss, and on the heels of that thought he remembered how uncommon the experience was. It might be ages before he happened upon another pocket like this, and that was if he happened upon one at all.
For the typical person (or non-user of the magical arts), these thaumaturgical remnants would have passed by completely unnoticed. In some instances, the person might have remembered something long since forgotten, in other instances they might have felt chronic pain leaving their joints, and on rare occasions they might have experienced an oppressive gloom lifting from their shoulders. 
Kowin, on the other hand, reacted to these remnants in the same way that methane reacts to an open flame. He could see them, too. He could see the sparkling blue flecks swirling about like no-see-ums and he could see the buttery trailers of vapor reaching up from the rim and caressing at his robes. 
He wasn’t sure why, but they’d always reminded him of a yellow dust devil in an alkali basin. Only this dust devil had chips of blue swirling in its midst, sparkling bits of ice and blinding shards of glass. 
Licking his lips, he extended his sleeve towards the rim. His fingers weren’t spread wide, as he had imagined they would be, but that wasn’t for lack of trying. As he reached forward with his hand, an unseen tension had taken hold of his arm and curled his fingers into a ball—a pulsing ball—and the pulse was advancing up his arm…tightening and relaxing…tightening and relaxing…
He moved the fist a little closer to the fourth clue and the rate of clenching increased, as did the intensity, advancing passed his biceps and up into the shoulder. 
Also in the shoulder, and completely ignored by the healer, a swell of black cloth rippled faintly as it drifted towards the tailbone.  
Kowin lowered his fist a little more, a guttural moan escaping his lips, and his forebrain nearly collapsed with ecstasy. The specks of blue were accelerating within the saffron, and the saffron was spinning ever faster. 
“I wants to touch it,” he groaned aloud, his words little more than airy gasps. 
Airy gasps or not, the bulging fabric at the small of his back had no trouble understanding what he’d said and demonstrated this by moving hastily towards the legs. 
Paying the movement no mind, Kowin said, “Just small touch, yes. I thinks, maybe, small touch with, maybe, tip of small finger.” 
He moved his sleeve to within a hand’s width of the cloud, the vibrations hammering him like a horse cart on a bumpy road and the pressure seizing him like a coat of drying concrete on a warm and sunny day. 
“I pulls off,” he whispered, his fist lowering until only the fabric of his sackcloth separated him from the stone. “I makes small touch, then pulls off, just small touch with small finger, yes.”
Somewhere in the back on his mind, he knew the sun was setting in the west, a faint sliver of yellow where the flat of the sky met the hills of the prairie. He knew that crawling off this mound of rock would be infinitely more difficult with the sun gone and the darkness upon him, and he knew as well that getting caught up here after dark (with or without a deceiver in the land) was the granddaddy of all bad ideas. 
After that, his thoughts grew fuzzy and his worries grew weak. The buttercup mist was lifting from the granite and the sapphire chips were rising to his sleeve. He wasn’t sure, but he thought the next thing he was going to do was lay himself on the stone and let the mist massage him forever, just let the blueness dazzle and the saffron soothe and whole of his—
The back of his thigh exploded with pain and he tensed with the shock, his whole body jerking away from the boulder as a crow-like screech escaped his lips. Teetering on his toes, he swung his arms at the air and clawed madly for the stones or for balance or for any kind of purchase. He found only air and went slipping off the Dome, the edge scraping down his front, then empty space, then his feet struck stone, his knees struck his gut, and he went spinning.
One or two stones down, his right arm snagged between two pieces of slag and he came to a quick and jarring halt, dangling there until his senses returned and he was able to pry his arm loose of the crack. He crawled to a stone where he could dig in his claws and lay in a nearly-vertical state of contemplation, the fragmented images of his tumble coming back to him…specifically the cause. 
“You bited me!” he screamed, scowling at the air. “You bited on me and you a bad, bad, stupid GAR!” 
He panted for a time, waited for Gar to make a response or appearance, then muttered a bitter, “I hates you,” and began to climb.
After his initial climb and subsequent fall, his legs felt shaky and his arms felt weak, but he had his anger to fuel him and that proved sufficient. It drove his tiny frame until he had reached the rim of the lair once more and he could collapse upon the stones. 
Not far to the left, the pocket of magic still dazzled and spun, the yellow still swirling, the blue still flashing. 
Kowin watched until he felt his previous desire begin to take hold, then he turned away and faced the interior of the lair. As his desire faded, so did his anger. 
“I sorry I yell, Gar,” the healer said. “I thinks, maybe, magic like honey pot for flies…and I the flies.” He said this with a hint of regret, then added, in equal tones of remorse, “I glad you bited on me…It was a good bite.” 
It had been, too. The splinter-like lines were still burning in the back of his thigh and, as an added bonus, they had not only torn him from the call of the tiny yellow storm, but had sharpened his wits as well. 
The fog of magic mist had not only beckoned to his mind, but had clouded it as well. He’d been so enthralled by its allure that he’d failed to deduce the magic’s source, which was obviously the slain dru’gore lying below him in the reeds. 
The real question, however, was not whose magic it had been—the dru’gore were, after all, the only magic users among old ones—but why it had been lowered. A dru’gore with it mystical talents employed was a dru’gore impervious to all attack, even those of the golden one. 
Kowin puzzled over this for a while, wondering why the ugly little thing had come to a place like this, a place of almost certain death for a creature its size, and then lower the one magical charm keeping it alive. 
As if in answer, he glanced up at the cerulean eternity above, then scrambled into the nest.



Chapter 14

Brine stood listening to the cries of the Lathians booming in the distance, that old feeling of unreality pressing in around him. He had felt this same sensation upon entering the Harriun, the sensation that his perception was simply putting on an elaborate gag at the expense of his mind, but shortly thereafter the feeling had ended.
His fear and disgust had helped in this regard, followed by his fatigue—the ducking and weaving and constant high-stepping—and finally the distraction of his fall and the mysterious perforations in the bole. 
Now, however, with the husky voices of his guides echoing through the boles and his distractions no longer at the fore, the unreality had returned. Brine felt it washing through him like the dark tide from an even darker pool, like he’d slipped inside the nightmare of drug-addled mad man. 
At the moment, all the elements of a good nightmare were present: deathly silence and clotting shade, drooping tongues and soulless sands, choking isolation and disembodied cries...
Just now, the cries were the worst.
Turning to his yellow-clad partner, Brine grimaced wanly and said, “Does that sound like Egzert to you?”
Godfry looked at him, both caterpillar bows raised high on his face. “Could be,” he said.
The disciple’s grimace deepened. “And does that sound like…,” he swallowed hard, his eyes traveling from Godfry to the dangling tongues and back again, “…does it sound like he’s lost?”
Godfry didn’t say anything, but his snowy white brows came racing down his face.
“You don’t think so?”
Shaking the white explosion of hair sprouting from his head, Godfry said, “I’d say he’s gone for a lie down.”
Brine turned to the wilderness on his left and gawked openly at the dangling tendrils and swollen bulbs, the look on his face speaking volumes about his feelings for the place. 
No way, that look said. No way someone looked around this place and decided to have a nap. 
“Maybe he fell,” Brine muttered, lowering his head to the ground and scanning the sooty soil. He tried to picture one of the Lathians with a full pack as he plundered across the terrain. 
Maybe this fellow, this Egzert fellow, had stopped to relieve his bladder, or maybe his bowels. His bowels would have taken longer, which would have put him further behind and, thus, in a greater hurry to catch up. So maybe that was it. Maybe he’d been scurrying to recover lost ground, lost his footing in sand, and… 
…and what? 
As Brine surveyed the shifting surface of the soil, he didn’t see anything hard enough to knock a man unconscious, even if the man in question had his hands wrapped around the straps of his pack and could not free them. 
Brine’s eyes flitted from the soft and pliable trunks to the round and blubbery bulbs to the black carpet of sand. Even if the man fell and slapped his head on the ground—which was, technically speaking, very small rock—there would still have been some give. 
He shook his head. “He had to have gotten lost,” he said, looking back the way they’d come and refusing to accept what he already knew, what he’d known the very instant he’d heard the Lathian voices. 
“No lie down?” Godfry asked, his expression a knot of wrinkles.
“I don’t think these guys take lie downs,” Brine said, still staring back the way they’d come. “He just got lost. That’s all.” 
“Lost,” Godfry said, speaking the word as one who’d never heard it. 
“Yes,” Brine said, tossing the notion around his head and trying not to think about the fact that these men ate, drank, and slept in the backcountry of Lathia and that the chances of one getting lost out here was about as likely as him getting lost in the courtyard of Valley Rock. 
He glanced down at the tracks he and Godfry had made in the sand and thought, It would be kind of hard to get lost in a land where your back trail stood out that clearly. He lifted his head and listened to the cries of the mercenaries, then thought, It would be even harder to get lost with all that screaming going on, and surely the man didn’t have time to wander too far fro—
That’s right, Rugs, the fire-voice interrupted, its voice crackled up from below. He hasn’t had time, so cut the garbage and face the facts. You know what’s happened to him. 
Brine made a pained expression and shook his head. I—I don’t know anything, he thought. I don’t. I know he’s probably not taking a nap and he’s probably not lost, or unconscious, but I don’t know— 
The voice that interrupted his thoughts next did not belong to the belly-fire. It was gruff and self-assured and sounded so thick with backwoods accent that, at first, Brine could not place it. He knew only that the speaker was not one of the usual voices that visited him on these occasions, the voice of Mums offering counsel, the voice of Godfry posing questions, the voice of the belly-fire pelting him with scorn.
This voice did none of those things. It seemed perfectly content to yammer on and on with what sounded like a bedtime story. 
Welp, the voice was saying, it all started when them corn-pickers found the felluh out there on the edge of the Promise. He was crawlin through the dirt an’ stalks, jus’ as naked as the day he was born, an’ he was a-moanin like there was no tomorruh. That was how they found im, see. All the moanin. 
One’a the ole boys what found im, he said he owned a cow onced—some dumb old thing what kept gettin stuck in the mud—an’ he said the felluh they found sounded jus’ like that ole heifer, just like a cow buried clean up to the belly. 
Course, onced they hunted im down an’ saw what he looked like, all that moanin made sense. The ole boy looked like someone’d cut his skin to noodles and left one end danglin from his body, hair matted with blood, hands an’ legs shiny with gore.
I guess his back an’ butt was the worst off, though. I guess it looked the ole boy’d been run over by somethin with knives fer legs and daggers fer feet. Jus’ a mess, he was… 
All of a sudden, Brine knew the tale. He’d not heard it since he was a small child, but he knew it all the same. Some things you just never forgot and traumatic tales at a vulnerable age were one of them. 
He let his eyes lose focus and saw the bedtime scene in his mind, saw it as clearly as he saw the boles around him. He and big brother were lying on Jaysh’s bed in the sleeping chamber, their bodies stiff and their eyes wide, and they had their itty bitty noses peeking out from the covers.
Across from them, leaning against the foot of Brine’s bed, one hand gesticulating with the stem of his pipe, the other digging at the pointed beard on his chin, the counselor from Erinthalmus was telling a story. 
But anyhow, Reets said, onced that felluh calmed down enough to talk, an’ onced them corn-pickers got them gashes wrapped up good n’ tight, the ole boy went on to jabberin about whatever it was that tore im up. 
To hear him tell it, it was nothin more than a wall’a hair with a mouthful of teeth. I tell yeh, that ole boy cou’nt get over them teeth. Kep’ goin on an’ on bout em, how they was in all the wrong places, how there was too many of em to fit right…
Them corn-pickers weren’t too flustered by it, though. They knowed what got the ole boy ‘fore he ever spoke. He weren’t the first to come crawlin out’a the Hair’yun…
The bedtime memory faded slightly and Brine’s eyes regained focus. In his head, he heard the tale still leaking from the past, but in the world around him he watched the darkness take on life. It was odd really, since everything else remained distant and vague, but in the spaces between the boles, the shadows were concentrating into a thick and oily soup. 
…Never could give yeh much bout the beasties what got em, aside from the parts about hair an’ teeth, but that din’t stop em none from tryin. An’ this here boy weren’t no dif’ernt, so on he went, tellin bout how the shaduhs had arms or how the dark seem to come alive.
Weren’t nothin but pig swill, if’n yeh ask me. I’ve taken a few boys up to them bad trees an’ we din’t think it was so bad. It’s darker in there than in the fields, sure. But if’n yeh talk to them fellers what comes out, they’ll tell yeh the place is as black as a badger’s insides. Cou’nt see nothin in there, they’ll tell yeh. Cou’nt see to poke your one eye, they’ll moan. 
The funny thing is, dark as they saw it is, they always get round to tellin bout them eyes. Cain’t ferget them eyes, they say. Big, black, an’ shiny, they are. Or the hair an’ teeth. They won’t never let yeh ferget about them, oh no. 
But I ask yeh this…how’s one see a shiny, black eye in the dark? Or a mountain of toothy hair? How’s that, yeh reckon? 
Not wishing to find out, Brine grabbed his partner’s yellow sleeve and gave a tug. Godfry made a startled cry, but did not resist, and just like that they were marching as swiftly as Brine dared towards the ghostly voices in the distance. In fact, he was moving so swiftly that had the old man given more than a shocked yell, Brine wouldn’t have heard. In his ears, there was only the harsh rasping of his breathing and, of course, the relentless yammer of the halfling. 
But eyes ‘r no eyes, it were the takin those boys ‘membered best, the things comin fer em from out’a the dark, as they’d put it. Oh, they could tell yeah bout that jus’ fine, bout how they was a-sleepin or a-hikin, or just standin round, an’ all of a sudden there was beasties all over, a whole hoard of em jus’ a-carryin on, stinkin like an old dog what’s been rollin in the guts, gruntin like a randy old boar, movin round like a shaggy wall what’s takin on life.
Then they was on em, knockin em about an’ tearin off their clothes… 
Brine was running now, plowing through the flora with bullish disregard for stealth and cunning. There were things in here with him, things he had no hope to outrun and no chance to overpower. His only chance was to reach the Lathians to the north, the men he could no longer hear over the thud of his own heart. If he could make it to where they were, everything would be all right. 
If anyone could thwart a pack of black-eyed monsters, it was them. Brine just needed to find them before the black-eyed monsters found him, otherwise the things with teeth in all the wrong places were going to hop from the shadows and pounced on his back, tearing at his clothes and ripping at— 
A curtain of tongues was coming straight at him, a curtain he would have avoided earlier that day but which he now slammed into without a moment’s thought, ducking the tiny island of hair atop his head and barreling through the snaky barrier, staggering into a clearing and nearly tripping over the various bulbs protruding from the sands. Only they weren’t bulbs…
They were packs and bedrolls and satchels and skins.
Staggering to a halt, he found himself turning in a slow and disbelieving circle, the relief causing his muscles to soften and his body to sag. In a way, he appeared to be melting there in the sands, his knees buckling, his shoulders slumped, one hand clutching at the invisible ailment tearing at his chest. 
“Oh, thank Owndiah,” he breathed. “Thank you, Thank you, Thank you.” 
He’d made it. He’d truly made it. He was alive and he was well and, for the most part, he was going to stay that way. He’d made it to the heart of the Lathian epicenter and was surrounded on all sides by a perimeter of well-armed men. All he had to do now was keep his head down, his mouth shut, and wait for the things with too many teeth to meet the men with too many weapons. 
Not the most Amian of philosophies, he knew, but it wasn’t like the Lathians had been hired for their good looks and pleasant dispositions. They’d been hired for exactly this contingency, for dispelling the wildlife and for removing whatever it was that blocked the flow of the Leresh. It wasn’t like he and Godfry were equipped to deal—  
“Godfry!” 
He spun around and went scrambling back the way he’d come, taking to his feet and diving through the veil of tongues just as the old man came hobbling through from the other side. They met in a tangle of arms and legs, cracked each other hard on the head, and went down in a heap on the other side of the hedge. 
Brine was on his feet in a flash, spitting sand and yanking the old man’s sleeve like the reins to a rather cantankerous mare. Behind him, he heard Godfry make one inarticulate attempt at protest the abuse and then he was being shoved through hedge. 
Following him through, Brine felt the warm squish of the tongues around his face and down his back and then he was on the other side, teetering on the brink of balance as both legs fought to slow his momentum. Despite this attempt, he felt the toes of his left sandal strike an animal skin littering the sand and he went down, dragging his teacher atop him.
He turned his head to the side and lay there panting into the sand. Across his chest, he could feel Godfry doing the same, only the old man’s breaths were deeper and less frequent and reminded him of someone suffering from the smoking-disease. 
Checking from the corner of one eye, he could see that his arm was around his teacher’s throat in something like a barbarian chokehold. He loosed his grip, but did not let go. By the same token, his teacher did not try to break free. He only lay there as Brine lay there, breathing hard and staring at nothing. 
After a while, Brine’s breath returned and the world swam back into focus. He could see his line of sight blossoming to its normal diameter. He could hear the haunted cries for the lost ringing in his ears. 
“Eeeeeeeeeeggggg…Zeeeeeeeeeert!” 
He lie there a moment more, listening to the desperate cries and feeling more and more afraid for the man who wasn’t answering, and then realized he could hear two speakers who were not bellowing for their lost man. 
They were bellowing at each other.



Chapter 15

Like all halflings from the land of Erinthalmus, Reetsle Baggershaft did not like running. He could do it—they all could do it—but that didn’t make the experience any less unpleasant. For one thing, his knees locked in place just before the leg was fully extended, and for another his feet twisted inward and both sets of toes scraped together. The result was not only excruciatingly painful, but counterproductive to the act of running; Sort of like nodding one’s head while leaning against a wall. 
But as unpleasant as the experience might be,  and as ridiculous as the halfling might appear, he was more than willing to endure the discomfort and humiliation if it meant keeping up with the titan. 
“Hey, Mums!” he cried, watching his colleague’s strides carrying her further into the gloom. “Hey, wait up, would yeh! Yeh know I cain’t keep up with them long legs’a—” 
Cocking her head back, Muminofilous said, “Shhhhhhhh.”
“Ah’ right, Ah’right,” he hissed, his voice lowered, but no less irate. “But slow up, huh.”
Mums turned back to the west, checked the grounds before her for obstructions, then cocked her head back a second time and directed her eyes at the mercurial darkness behind. 
In a flat and toneless voice, she said, “You were right, Reetlse.”  
Reets nearly tripped over his knees. “I was what?” he asked.
“You were right,” she said again, turning sideways and sliding through two rows of water casks. “We shouldn’t have stopped.”
Reets opened his cock-eyed mouth and let the jaw gape over his collar. He couldn’t have heard her correctly. His ears were obviously playing tricks on him.
“Say again,” he called. 
Mums skirted a post with a rusty lantern hanging from its peak and said, “We should have stayed on the horses.”
Reets tottered along behind her, his shock slowly turning to skepticism. He’d known the old cow for one and a half human generations and not once in all that time had she ever voiced such a compliment. 
Still waiting for her ulterior motive to descend upon him, he said, “Mind tellin me what brought that on?”
“Not at all,” Mums said, rolling around a pen of excited chickens and then waiting until she was well passed the flapping wings and noisome clucks to add, “There is something stalking us in the Sway.” 
Reets’ contorted face lit up like a barbarian bon fire. “I knew it!” he spat, spinning on his heels. “I knew it!” 
He took three gimping strides towards the creature in the east and the weight of a large and furry hand came down on his shoulder. 
“The corral,” Mums said, spinning him to the west, “is this way.”  
“I don’t give a healthy spit—” 
“Reetsle, please—”
 “—no corral, woman! So you can jus’—”
“—would you please lis—”
“—filthy hands off’a me,” he finished, stopping his fruitless struggle and glaring daggers at her. 
Mums returned the glare with a look of bestial calm. Part of this, he knew, was the leather of her face restricting its movement, but another part was the oppressive fear he knew to be ravaging her mind. 
After one and a half human generations, Reets was aware of the titan’s habit of withdrawing inside herself when upset. Again, you couldn’t tell by her heavy brows or sagging cheeks (no more than you could watch the movement of lava below the surface of a volcano), but if you listened to her closely, the signs were always there. 
For one thing, she spoke less frequently when she was upset. For another, she did so in tones of cold sobriety. 
Reets opened his mouth to call her on this, to chide her for allowing fear to rule her mind, but the sound of running feet interrupted. In the corner of one brown eye, he saw Janusery sprinting around the nearest dome of canvas and skidding to a halt beside them. 
In his hands, the fancyman held his pack and bedding and on his face he wore a bemused little frown. He craned the frown back and forth between Reets and the titan. 
“I thought we were leaving?” he said.
“We are,” Mums answer. 
“My axe!” Reets shrieked, taking a kick at her. “I ain’t goin’ nowheres ‘til I get a piece’a…,” the rest of his statement became muffled growl as he lowered his mouth to the titan’s fingers and sank his teeth in her flesh. 
Over the sound of his chewing, he was aware of the fancyman stepping around him and glancing back the way they’d come.
“Is something back there?” Fancy asked.
Seemingly oblivious to the gnawing at her hand, Mums said, “Yes.”
Eyes fixed in the east, Fancy said, “Do we know what it is?”
Mums shook her head. “No,” she said, “and if the fates are with us, we will reach the corrals and never find out.” 
Reets tore his teeth from her hand. “Oh, I aim to find out,” he snapped. “I aimed to do a lot worse than that!”
“Reetsle—”
“You swore on your fates!” 
“Reetsle, you need to lower your—” She jerked her head to the east. 
Reets stopped flailing and followed her gaze, his body stock still while she cocked a furry ear to the camp. The camp neither moved nor stirred, but offered a creepy prelude to that which waited beyond the sun.
“We need to go,” Mums said.
“So go!” Reets shrieked, leaping against her grip. “Get on with yeh! Take your filthy hand an’ jus—aaaaaargh!”
In the vicinity of his shoulder, it felt like the titan’s fingers were turning his flesh into gooseberry jam, like his bones were crumbling to dust. He screamed until his wind was exhausted, then stood there wheezing because it hurt too bad to draw another breath. 
When she finally eased up, he locked his blue and brown eyes on her and said, “Bloody Guts, Woman! Doan’ You Ever TouAAAAAAARGH!”
This time it felt like his arm was coming off at the collarbone, as if the whole of his upper arm were being liquefied between her fingers and turned into soup. 
When the tension abated, and he was physically able to draw wind, he said, “Ah’right! Ah’right! Ah’right!” 
Mums studied him closely, liquid eyes unblinking. “I have your word, Reetsle?”
“Oh yeah,” he wheezed. “Oh yeah, jus’—jus’ take your filthy hand off.” 
Reluctantly, Mums removed her hand. Reets sagged on his knees like a wet sock. Overhead, he was vaguely aware of the titan asking Iman to set a path for the corral. The captain gave a curt nod and hurried off. Mums lowered her gaze and informed him that they needed to make haste. Reets continued massaging his shoulder. 
“You gave your word,” Mums reminded.
“Yeah,” Reets said mockingly. “So’d you.”
“I think you’ll find my word is sound, Reetlse. I saw nothing in the prairie.” She gave him a nudge with the business end of the cudgel. “I only heard it.”
“Yeh lied is what yeh done.”
“Well, that is your opinion, Reetsle,” she said, nudging him further, “but when you ask if I can see anything and I cannot see anything, and I tell you I cannot se—”
“Save it,” he said, shying from the cudgel and starting after the captain. “Yeh best jus’ hope I doan’ get shed of yeh, woman. Cause if’n I do, I’m gona be on that thing like stink on guts. I give my word on that.” 
He glanced back to see how badly he’d irked her, but Mums did not appear irked. She appeared frightened, her head twisted over her shoulder and her eyes fixed on the shadows of camp. She reminded him of those sissy Denbauk brothers after he told them one of his classic bedtime tales.
He turned back around, ducked the bottom of a hanging lantern, and said, “Your actin’ like a baby, Mums.” 
Sidestepping the lantern, Mums moved back into line and said, “You haven’t heard what I’ve heard, Reetlse.”
Reets chuffed arrogantly. “Wou’nt matter if I did,” he said. “Wou’nt make me act like your actin.”
Mums seemed to reflect on this for a time, the thud of her platter-sized feet the only sound at his heels. “The banks of the Mela,” she said. “That was the first time I heard it moving through the hills, milling about in the reeds like a coyote or groundhog…,” she trailed off, temporarily lost in reflection. “It seemed innocuous at the time,” she said, “the way it drifted near, then drifted away, the way it never stopped moving.” She trailed off again. “It wasn’t until it followed you back from the river that I knew something was wrong.” 
Reets tensed, a patch of cold forming in his cheeks. “You let me go to the river…,” he paused to let that sink in, “…and yeh din’t warn me there was a mon—” 
“As I said,” she interrupted, “before the thing decided to remain nearby, I had no reason to suspect it as anything more than an inhabitant of the Sway. Before it began circling the camp, I hadn’t...,” she hesitated, almost choking on the words, “…I hadn’t heard it move.”
Reets curled his already twisted lips. “How’s that work?” he asked. “How yeh hear the thing, but not hear it move?” 
“The way it moved,” Mums amended. “When it first revealed itself, I heard the reeds moving, but not the creature. I didn’t hear it, specifically, until it began creeping around the camp.” Another tense pause. “That was when I interrupted your palaver with the troops.”
Reets grunted, then said, “So it moves funny, huh?” He waited for a response, imagined the titan scanning the camp once more, then said, “Yeh back there, Mums?”
“It’s closer now,” she said, and he could tell by the projection of her voice that she was facing him again. “It’s bigger than I thought.”
Reets waited, then added, “How big?”
“Judging by the pawfalls,” she said, “I would say a little less than…,” she hesitated, “…maybe the same as Barge.”
Reets’ mouth gaped and he felt his pipe nearly fall from his lips. Barge was Mums’ trusty steed, a special titan breed of equine raised in the Dead Lands to the north and designed to support the weight of her kind. Typically, they had diner-plate hooves, barrel-thick heads, and bodies like siege machine. 
“That’s pretty big,” he said, swinging his head at the dusky space near a pyramid of barrels. 
“Yes,” Mums agreed, “but it’s the way it moves that troubles me, Reetsle. You should hear the thing…,” her voice faded, dissipating like mist in the sun. “When you first came back from the Mela…and it moved close enough for me to hear…,” she drew a deep breath, “…I thought it was slithering.”
Reets wrinkled his brows. “How can yeh tell its size, if it’s sl—”
“Because it has feet,” she interrupted, sounding as bewildered as he felt, but also sounding profoundly more disturbed. “I heard its pawfalls eventually, just as I hear them now, but in the beginning, when it first came near…I heard only the slithering.”
Reets gave his head a healthy shake, and when that didn’t help, he shook it again. His much-neglected imagination was unable to construct such a fantastic animal. He tried picturing a cart ox in the prairie, then picturing it with tentacles instead of legs, then he gave it up and cleared the image from his head. 
As if reading his mind, Mums said, “It’s no animal with which we’re familiar. My guess is that it’s either a Nameless from the Uncharted or an ugling from the Bottoms.”
Reets groaned hopelessly. “Oh, I hope it ain’t no ugling,” he said. “Yeh cain’t kill uglings,” he added. “I mean…yeh can, but your arms go numb.”
Behind him, Mums must have agreed with this statement or was too worried to care, because she made no comment on the matter. Reets glanced back at her and, sure enough, there she was with her head craned back and her eyes wide, still searching in vain for the giant creature that slithered on its feet. 
Reets turned back around, puzzling over the physiology of such a beast. He was from the Hinter, after all. It wasn’t like he was a stranger to beasts and beasties. In the Hinter, the indigenous wildlife could have any number of limbs…though he couldn’t recall any of them slithering about on them.  
Could Mums be wrong? 
He straddled a discarded sack of laundry and let the thought fester in his mind. By the time he had both feet back on solid ground, listening to the excited whinnies beyond the last row of tents, the notion had passed. There was no way the titan was wrong. Not with eyes and ears like hers. 
Besides, he added to himself, them horses ain’t spookin themselves.
He rounded a log pile and gimped into a shallow skirt of grass marking the edge of the prairie. Against the smoldering red of the western sky, he spied two corrals backlit by the sun, their stilted frames black and colorless. 
Inside each, he saw the black and colorless silhouettes of eight horses as they stirred up dust and tried to tear the pens to pieces. In the pen on the right, the privates’ steeds were bucking and kicking and ricocheting into the fence. In the pen on the left, hands raised and movement slow, Fancy was trying to approach their own frantic steeds. 
Seemingly oblivious to Fancy’s lilting tones and casual gait, the three horses before him continued to buck and to rear and to take swipes with their forelegs. Reets found the reaction a little disturbing to say the least. It was one thing for Barge and Bloodhair to shy from him, but the man’s own horse?
“Reetsle,” Mums called, moving around him and lumbering for the corral, “would you gather the saddles, please.” 
Reets huffed at the request, but went to the riding tack all the same. As much as he hated receiving orders from the fat cow, at least she hadn’t asked him to assist the fancyman. It looked like a whirlwind of hooves and teeth in there and he wasn’t exactly the swiftest of foot. 
Good luck with that, Janu’ery, old boy, he chuckled to himself. Hate to see yeh catch a horseshoe to the head. 
He pulled a saddle from the fencing, slung it over his shoulder, then tugged loose a blanket with his free hand. Tossing it atop the saddle, he reached back for the reigns, lifted them from the post, and caught sight of movement coming from Eastpost. 
He turned to face camp, squinted at whatever private was foolish enough to question the titan’s orders and come back to argue, and found no one there. He strained his eyes a little longer, grunted that he must be going mad, and turned back to the fence. 
In the corner of one eye, the shadows of Eastpost flickered once more.



Chapter 16

Very carefully, Brine lifted his head from the sand and rolled his eyes to the north, the direction of the irate voices. It had been his experience in life that people who sounded like that, like they were one wrong word away from committing all manner of irrational violence, were the kind of people it paid to monitor.
He searched the edge of the clearing where the furious words came and saw only a towering colonnade of shiny, black pillars. Here and there, thickets of snake-tail feelers dangling down from the lesser boughs, and in a few places there were clusters of tar-drop bulbs swelling from the sooty sands, but of the two bickering speakers there was no sign. 
Of course there isn’t, he thought, remembering how he’d burst into the clearing and spun in two full and consecutive circles. Had there been someone to see, he would have seen them. He would have rushed upon them and engaged them in a maniac’s embrace. 
He shifted Godfy’s weight from his chest, leaning his face from the mass of gray whiskers tickling his nose, and wondered how it was the angry speakers hadn’t heard him; the barrage of thank-yous he’d loosed upon the skies, the scream of alarm he’d given for his partner, or even the collision with said partner and subsequent tussle in the sand. 
He lie there a moment more, heard the next exchange come blistering through the wall of black foliage, and understanding dawned. One of the disputants, a man who sounded like an enraged bear with vocal chords, was yelling at the top of his voice. He wouldn’t have heard a band of whooping heathens as they cut through the clearing.
Brine remained froze on the ground, still trying to make out the cause of the dispute. He could tell by bear-man’s alarmed cadence and jagged speech that he was not pleased, but he had no idea as to why. He could only hope the vicious retort from the other party would shed more light on the subject. 
But it did not... 
When Brine first heard the bear-man’s trembling voice, he had automatically assumed the other party was participating in the yelling match. It wasn’t the most Amian of assumptions to make, as Amian’s turned away from wrath and offered kind words for slander, but as it turned out it wasn’t the most valid of assumption either.
Whoever the other party was, this man whose voice sounded like the sibilant hiss of dry leaves rustling in the wind, his voice barely rose above a whisper. He didn’t even sound angry, let alone vicious, and if he was perturbed by the other man’s verbal onslaught, it did not show in his voice. 
In fact, following the bear-man’s gravelly diatribe, the hissing-man actually paused before making his calm retort. He seemed to weigh the value to the other man’s words before sharing with him his tranquil reply. 
Hearing this, Brine might have thought he was listening to a couple of intellectuals seated in the royal gardens of Castle Arn. He could see them having a stimulating discussion on the finer points of Jashian tapestries, a billowing canopy to shield them from the sun, a cool lemon-water gripped in one hand, the other hand gesturing insightfully as they lent credence to their views. 
Brine stilled his heaving lungs and twisted his mouth in a frown. As he listened to the hissing man speak, it slowly occurred to him that the word calm didn’t quite capture the essence of the man’s tone. For that matter, peace and tranquility didn’t work either. 
What Brine heard lurking beneath the speaker’s words, way down deep and well beneath the surface, was a complete and utter indifference to anything and everything, an abject impassivity capable of shocking the conscience and frosting the soul. 
The bear-man spoke again—roared again, rather—the sibilant-man offered his heartless reply, and this time Brine could picture the speaker’s papery face and corpse-like eyes. He knew those eyes!
Rolling Godfry to one side, Brine crept out from under his teacher’s bony limbs and scratchy hair and cautiously found his feet. 
“Hey, Godfry,” he said, helping the old man to stand, “why don’t we have a seat over there, okay?” 
“Over where, now?” Godfry said, still sounding winded as he brushed at himself with one quavering hand. 
“Just there,” Brine said, pointing at the edge of the clearing that separated them from the Lathian leaders.
Godfry’s eyes lit up when he saw how close the spot was. “Oh, yes,” he said. “Yes, yes. I think that’s a grand idea.”
Brine handed him the grip-stick and Wogol, led him to the bole closest to the voices, and assisted him to the ground in a rickety process that involved several unpleasant faces and a series of crackling joints. Brine took a seat beside him and pretended to brush at the sand on his robes as he secretly checked the acoustics coming through the boles.
The acoustics were coming through just fine. He suppressed a tense grin and glanced sideways at his teacher. 
If God were with him, Brine’s bat ears would hear everything and Godfry’s deaf ears would hear nothing at all. The last thing Brine needed was for Godfry to hear his good old friend Bal on the other side of these boles and go rushing over to make friendly. 
If that happened, Brine would have to yell at Godfry and he didn’t like doing that. Yelling at the old man felt like a rusty flaying knife sawing through the softest parts of his insides.
Silently, Brine vowed never again to shout at the old man, no matter how necessary it might seem at the time, and then thanked Owndiah on high that it was not necessary now. 
Beside him, Godfry’s face was in the Wogol, his brows steepled, his lips moving, his voice muffled in the pages. 
Brine leaned back against the squishy trunk of the bole and held very still. It was a risky business eavesdropping on the two figures like this, and he shuddered at the prospect of either man catching him in the act. At the same time, if something bad had happened, the prospect of not knowing terrified him even more. 
He pulled his Wauk to the front and began counting the braids, the voices beyond the tongues taking on meaning.
“…nobody said nothin bout this place,” the husky guide was grumbling, “not one filthy word, not a peep, an’ doan’ you say they did, neither, cause I know better. I’d member hearin bout a place like this.”
Sladge paused, possibly to survey the sheer horror of the landscape. “This place ain’t right,” he said. “I swears on my life it ain’t. I can feel stuff like that, feel it way down deep in m’bones, yeh see. And this place…,” he gave a derisive grunt, as though in response to a very bad joke, “…this place feels cursed…like wizard cursed or Sira cursed or…,” he trailed off, his panting still deep and feral, “…it ain’t right.” 
Instead of replying to this, Balthus allowed for an inappropriately long silence to pass between them, a silence so inappropriately long that Brine began to wonder if the hunchback had discovered the disciple’s presence and was moving around to attack, then said, “It is…what it is.”
“It ain’t right, is what it is!” Sladge barked. “It ain’t right by ha—” he stopped, or was stopped, Brine could not tell. “No way we lose a man like that, no way. Not out of the pack like that, an’ not without signs….,” he exhaled in a hiss, “…not like that.”
Waiting for the man to stop huffing, Balthus said, “It is…one man.”
“My man!” Sladge corrected. “It was MY man—They’re all my men.” 
From somewhere unseen, another of those long and juicy vibrations rippled through the gloom.
“Still…,” Blathus said, “…a single man.”
Ignoring this, Sladge began to walk in circles, the sand crunching beneath his large and booted feet. “It ain’t right,” he said. “This place. Them tree-things—Them tracks.” His heavy breathing became a groan. “I told yeh them tracks weren’t right. I told yeh…The way they was comin and goin’ like that, on either side’a the river—like they was…,” another pause, another groan, “…like they was disappearin on us.” 
 The crunching of Sladge’s boots continued on for a time. Blathus said, “I believe the tracks… were crossing over.”
“Not always,” Sladge said. “Not always, they din’t. Huh-uh! Sometimes…,” he stopped and licked his lips, “…Sometimes when he we crossed over, there wasn’t nothin there. There was jus’ nothin.” 
“Then I would imagine,” Balthus replied, “the scout in question—”
“Scout?” Sladge interrupted. “Ain’t got no scout, old man. They’re all scouts—I scout. An’ there ain’t no way we missed them tracks! Huh-uh. Not all’a us.” He resumed his pacing. “It ain’t right.” 
Feeling no need to confirm, deny, or expand upon the guide’s statement, Balthus waited in that hypnotic way of his until the big man’s groans became softer. When that time came, he said, “You know why we came.” 
Sladge held his tongue, the ensuing silence broken only by another of those wet and wicked vibrations. After a time, he released a sign and admitted he did.
Balthus said, “You know what neglecting said charge means to our homeland.” 
“Homeland,” Sladge huffed. “Ain’t my homeland. Maybe yours, but it ain’t mine. I ain’t got no homeland. I never set foot in that city, let alone the castle, so you can shove that homeland talk sideways. Shove it sideways an’ then go tell his royal fatness to shove—” 
From the east, footfalls crunched towards them at a dead run. Sladge fell silent and Brine jerked his head to the coming barrage, tensing as he listened to the sound of something big slapping its way through the tongues and pustules. 
Brine’s hand went for the seeing lens at his hip and for one terrifying moment he was five-ages old again, five-ages old and sprinting through the gardens, Jaysh and Iman jumping up and down behind him and screaming for him to run, screaming for him to run for his life or the skullries would take him. 
“Sladge!” the runner screamed. “Sladge, yeh gota come see this, yeh gota come see.” 
As the Lathian’s guttural voice broke across the wilderness, the horrible memory of the garden faded and Brine relaxed. He still didn’t care much for the urgency he heard in the runner’s voice, or for the way Sladge’s boots thumped off unquestioningly to meet him, but at least it wasn’t the skullries. 
“I’m here!” Sladge yelled. “I’m comin!” 
His voice faded as the powerful drum of his feet carried him east. A few moments more and the drumming passed entirely, slowly replaced by the shuffling of gray sleeping slippers and the stab of a cane.
Brine released the disk at his waist and scrambled to his feet, his mind a panic of wanting to know but not wanting to know. In the distance, he could hear the Harriun coming alive with activity, robust bodies slapping against tongues, booted feet stamping at sand, excited voices shouting to, “Get Back!” 
Staring into the black tendrils, Brine laid a hand to his partner’s shoulder. “Hey, Godfry,” he said. “Hey, we should probably take a look at this.” He turned his eyes to his partner and found the leathery cover of the Wogol staring back at him. 
For the briefest of moment, Brine played with the idea of reaching down with both hands, taking hold of the old man’s shoulders, and just giving him a good shake. 
Instead, he withdrew his hand completely and stood to his feet. If he jostled Godfry now, he knew the outcome he would receive, his teacher’s blank expression emerging from the book, his baffled voice slowly finding its tongue.
What’s this, now? Found what, you say?  
Brine turned to the clearing and thought the same thing he had after stumbling inside: this was the furthest point from the action and the safest place to be found. In the direction that Sladge had just fled, the direction Brine would soon follow, there were still shouts of alarm ringing in the tongues. 
And besides, Brine thought, I’m coming right back. I’m just going to have a quick peak—see if it’s Egzert—and then back I’ll come. He gave the old man one last look, then trotted towards the ruckus. 
He took the most direct route to the voices, pressing through the slug-like flora and the squid-like boles and seeming not to notice their flaccid caress. He simply tensed up his shoulders and powered right through, emerging on the other side to the sound of warning cries and curses and the occasional squirt of expelled saliva. 
He took a deep breath and powered through the last of the tendrils, staggering into a knot of gawking mercenaries and finding that their cries had ended and that their cursing was over. They were all silent now…and holding very still.
Brine searched their faces and found all thirty of them standing in a cluster and staring up at the tongues, all thirty of them huddled shoulder-to-shoulder and heal-to-toe, not a one of them able to draw their eyes from the canopy. 
They had definitely found something…but it wasn’t Egzert.



Chapter 17

Jaysh no longer needed a clear view of the thing with the white head to know that it wasn’t a creature of this world. He need only see its clammy white pelt slinking down the hillside and heading for the bait. 
No creature of this world—scabe-wolf, coyote, cougar—would have ever come back. They might have come the first occasion, snooping around for the source of the talking or for whatever beast was giving off the delectable smell of horse crap and perspiration, but not the second.
Unless they was sick, he amended, chewing at his vine. Or they got the rage. 
But as Jaysh watched old Mister Whitehead slipping down the ridge, he didn’t think the creature looked sick. It didn’t stagger or weave, or tremble or shake. Rather, it moved with the steady gait of a predator, its head held high and its purpose set. 
Watching this, Jaysh also began having doubts about his rage theory. Creatures overcome with the rage were on the other end of the mobility spectrum. When they moved through the terrain, it was at a hammering run. This thing was strutting down the hillside. 
What was more, on each of the rage incidents Jaysh could recall, there had been an impetus for the fury. When the squirrel had charged him in the Shun, it had been out of its mind with the foaming disease. When the blue jay had chased him from his hunting tree, it had been protecting its nest from a perceived predator. 
Old Mister Whitehead, on the other hand, had no stimulus for the rage. Unless, of course, it was an ugling, and then it probably had the foaming disease coming out the ying-yang. From what Jaysh had heard, the foaming disease was just a way of life there.
He curled his lip and waited for the worst. If he were lucky, there would be something left of the decoy to sew back together. If he were unlucky, old Mister Whitehead would tear it to shreds, jump on the pieces, and then pee on it. It was the difference between having his mission delayed and having it terminated. 
He sat up on his arms, being careful not to disturb the purring cat-thing beneath his chin, and squinted at the ugling. He could just about pick out the details of its face, the stunted snout, the heavy jowls, the total absence of ears. 
This was the first actual ugling Jaysh had ever seen—he’d only ever heard about the ones when he was a child—but it was certainly remaining true to its name. It was, without question, a very ugly-thing.  
Jaysh winced at its steadily worsening features, his stomach turning over the deer sausage and cheese he’d eaten for breakfast. He’d always heard an ugling’s stink was the worst part (that one whiff would have you puking your guts and shoving clay up your nose), but he didn’t see how that was possible. There was no way it smelled worse than it looked. There was—
Jaysh went cold, his butt-cheeks clenching together. Old Mister Whitehead—old Mister Ugly-As-I-Wanna-Be—had just come to the patchwork dummy in the middle of the valley, the one smelling of delicious sweat and savory horse apples, and waddled right around it. 
From the blankets beside him, Serit Branmore released a long and wintry groan. 
Jaysh shushed him and prayed the general would hold still. Below them, the sallow-headed thing was making its way through the remainder of the basin in a direct route for the hillside where he and Serit were hiding. 
Jaysh had been fooling himself about the thing’s interest in the hodgepodge of old pelts and horse stink. It wasn’t interested in those. It was interested in the voices it had heard coming from the concealment.
The creature broke from the basin and began ascending the slope, its head swinging side to side like some of the larger lizards Jaysh had seen darting around the rivers and creeks.
From his right, Serit said, “Young Juh-Juh-Juh…”
“Shhh,” Jaysh hissed, pulling his skinning knife from his waist and bringing it to his chest. 
“It’s cuh-cuh-cuh—”
“Shhh!” 
Jaysh scraped the knife blade along his nose, soothing an itch that plagued him. Now, if only he could allay the itching in his mind so easily. It felt like the world’s worst patch of poison sumac, intensifying with every hammering step the creature took, screaming at him that his skittish partner was right about the creature’s black intensions: It wasn’t just coming for a look-see; It knew exactly where they were. 
Jaysh clenched his jaw on the vine, holding the tension until the old man’s fear drifted from his mind and he was able to think. There was no chance the thing had seen or smelled them, not with the screens he’d made and not with the whole of the valley reeking of horse excretion. 
The creature had heard the two of them conversing, it had come to survey the area, they had seen it and shut up, and it had moseyed back the way it came. Then, once it departed, they resumed their conversation, it heard them again, and now it had come back for a closer look. No big deal. It hadn’t seen them and it didn’t know where they were.
Serit, who couldn’t have disagreed more apparently, let loose with another puppy dog whimper. 
“Shhh,” Jaysh hissed, his voice soft. “It ain’t seen us,” he said. “Keep your mouth shut and hold real still….it’ll pass.”
He lowered the blade from his face and directed the tip at the gap in the screen, wondering what would happen if the creature walked over the top of him. Would he be able to stab the thing to death before it managed to chew off his face? 
He supposed he could, if he struck a blow to its neck or chest and then shoved with all his might to keep the creature at bay, fended it off until it bled out. 
He moved his eyes back to the ugling’s head, studying the soft part of its face. If he went for those softer parts, his tender hands and fingers would be dangerously close to the creature’s rather menacing jaws. If it opened those jaws as he stabbed for the face, his friends would be calling him Lefty. 
You ain’t got friends, Gariel’s voice assured him. He would have nodded at this, but he feared to move. The ugling was no more than a stone’s throw down the slope and, man-oh-man, was it looking like a creature he didn’t want to tangle with. 
It had the huge and swollen cranium of a hunting mastiff and the thick lower jowls of nothing Jaysh had ever seen. He could have said it had the jaws of a water imp, or of a bear trap, but that wouldn’t have been doing them justice. They were enormous—impractically enormous—the sort of jaws that weren’t made for chewing food but for inflicting pain.
If’n that thing ever got hold’a my arm…
He let the thought fade and continued searching the creature’s face for places to stick the business end of his dagger. In addition to the freakishly thick skull, it had a mastiff’s sagging brows and cheeks as well, the folds of skin lining its eyes, the wrinkles of flesh surrounding its snout, the wads of meat on the jowls, but no, wait… 
As the thing came closer and Jaysh could better see the excess skin, he found himself making a face he hadn’t made since he’d been a small child, back in the days before he’d seen scabe-wolves tearing live deer into pieces or maggoty gut-piles left behind in the Shun. It had been a long time since he’d seen a sight as revolting as this. 
The ugling’s face didn’t have wrinkles, it was a wrinkle. The whole of its head looked like a wax sculpture held to close to the flames. Only the word head was too descriptive. When evaluated on visual merits alone, it was no more a head than a plate of scrambled eggs. 
Well, except for the eyes. It did have eyes. 
As he’d done with the rest of the glabrous abomination, Jaysh made this assessment based upon their function and not their form. They were set in the middle of the thing he chose to call a head (shoved down deep in those rancid rolls of doughy flesh) and there were two of them. Had there only been one of these first-sized pustules, he might have mistaken it for a smooth portion of brain pressing out of the skull.  
 Beside him, seeing the same thing that Jaysh was seeing, Serit began to moan. 
The sallow-thing stopped and lifted its mass of drooping flesh, directing its malignant gaze at the general’s blind. Jaysh chomped down on his vine and held his breath, hoping beyond hope that Serit would do the same. 
Around him, the breezeless prairie seemed to hold its breath with him and, miraculously enough, so did Serit. It might have been that the general swallowed his tongue or passed out from the shock, but in either event the moaning ended and silence resumed.
The ugling listened a moment more, then continued up the hill.
Jaysh took a breath and released his tortuous bite on the vine. That had been a near miss, but the next ordeal was already upon him. The beast’s current trajectory was taking it straight towards his blind. 
He still didn’t hold with the idea that he’d been detected by sight or smell, but that didn’t mean the idiot creature wouldn’t feel him when it tottered over the screen. It might be a mindless imp, but it probably knew the difference between solid ground and a canvas-clad body. 
Jaysh tried sliding his legs towards his abdomen, to prepare for his leap into action, but the process was difficult at best and impossible at worst. With the ever-present threat of rustling grass and moving canvas, he could either maneuver into striking position and bring the creature on the run or he could remain in concealment and forfeit any chance of a decent retaliation. 
Jaysh remained frozen in the blind, still trying to make up his mind as the sallow-headed fiend came to a halt in the weeds and wrenched the decision from his hands.  
Two or three body lengths away, the creature lifted its head from the vegetation and directed its face to the sky. Two folds of skin near the neck split wide, the lower flap hanging down, the upper flap wrinkling towards the eyes, and in the recesses in between Jaysh saw a dark and dripping gap lined with scores of tiny hairs. 
His mind swelled with dread. He could not fathom a use for those hairs, not unless they functioned as eyelashes to whisk away debris, but he thought the glistening black hole had to be the mouth. 
He was not wrong. 
From out of that syrupy gullet, the melted thing forced a sound that was half gurgle and half shriek, a sound that made Jaysh think of a sickly man drowning in his own phlegm. 
The horrible wetness of the cry receded in the hills and Jaysh wondered if the monster were baiting him into the open. 
The idea seemed about right, particularly since the thing had heard his voice coming from this general area, but right or wrong Jaysh had no intention of taking the bait. That deliquescing fiend could gurgle until its throat tore loose. He was not leaving his cover. 
The melted-thing filled the pasture with another bubbling cry, and beneath his beard Jaysh felt Zeph twitch against him. She was asleep for now, but for how much longer? How many more of those choking cries would it take before she roused from slumber? 
This thought brought a streak of cold racing down his spine. It was one thing to bully the general into silence, but bully Zeph was another story entirely. If she got wind of what was happening outside this blind, she would not be pleased.  
As carefully as he dared, Jaysh lifted his bristled chin from the cat-thing’s back, cocked his head to the side, and glanced down. He saw no yellow eyes beneath him, bulged in alarm or narrowing in malice, so he relaxed a little and returned his gaze to the prairie, moving his head just in time for the melted thing to utter another of those wet and caustic cries. 
Jaysh kept his head still on this occurrence, choosing to lower his chin to the cat-thing beneath his jaw. Within that coil of fur and scar tissue, he neither felt nor heard a reaction, her gentle purring the only noise. 
From the distant hills of the prairie, however, something else was responding, something so faint as to be unidentifiable, but something substantial none the less. 
Jaysh cocked his ear to the sound, listening as it grew in volume. It rose from a faint hum to a slight vibration, then from slight vibration to gentle roar. After that, the roar became a rumble and Jaysh had the distinct feeling that matters had just grown distinctly worse. 
Unaware he was doing so, the sound of his movement now masked by the thrumming, Jaysh slid his knees beneath his belly.
The melted-thing turned to face him, blind eyes looking everywhere and nowhere, then quickly returned to the east. In that direction, the sound of bodies came thrashing through the Sway, the sound of short and stocky legs pounding at the soil. 
Too quick, Jaysh thought, laying frozen in the blind. With rapidity like that, escape was impossible.
He slowed his breathing and tried hard not to worry. It was difficult, though. He kept thinking about what would happen if they were discovered by these creatures. If they couldn’t outrun them in a footrace, that meant they’d have to fight, and they couldn’t win that fight. 
Outside his concealment, after what seemed like an eternity of deafening blows, the barrage of footfalls came to a quick and stuttering halt. 
Jaysh stretched is neck and tried to get a look at them, but due to the angle of the gap he could not see. There was only the blubbery face of the melted-thing that had called them. 
Jaysh squeezed the handle of his skinning knife, four words chanted relentlessly in his head: Doan’ move the canvas doan’ move the canvas doan’ move the canvas doan’ move…
The melted-thing before him waddled forward in three slapping steps, much faster than it had traveled up the slope. It stopped short of the blind and only fear stayed the woodsman’s trembling knife hand. He had every reason to expect the sharp bite of teeth or claws and to react in kind, but instead his terror held him back and he was assaulted only by the creature’s stench. 
This, he soon found, was not without injury. With the sagging bulk of the ugling’s chest rising before the gap, the reek of its body quickly filled the interior of the screen, the rotten putrescence of congeal milk and day-old armpit. 
Jaysh’s gorge rose in his throat and he thought of the more obese merchants with which he’d bartered, the ones who stunk of sweat and cheese and who, he imagined, had a difficult time cleaning their innumerable creases. 
He tried breathing out his mouth, forbidding himself to think about what the stench was doing to his tongue, and listened to the creature. 
Without the dying light of dusk leaking through the gap, he had only the rustling of the weeds to tell him the melted-thing was lowering its head to the surface of the blind. Then, as the cavernous silence rolled out the valley, he heard something thin and slimy strike out from its head. 
Thhhp-Thhhp…Thhhp-Thhhp
Something the size of a feed bucket brushed against the top of the concealment, something firm collapsing the leather ceiling and pushing it slowly towards the woodsman, pressing it down and down and finally stopping a hand’s length from Jaysh’s right shoulder.
The thin, slimy thing shot out again: Thhhp-Thhhp…Thhhp-Thhhp
Continuing to test the canvas, the melted-thing pressed the roof a little further, stopping less than a finger’s width from the woodsman’s back. Jaysh pointed the tip of the dagger over his shoulder, ready to make one sharp jab when the time came, then watched as the melted thing lifted its snout and the ceiling rose. 
Mind swimming with relief, Jaysh had time to exhale, to wonder what was happening, and then the thing above him did something that turned his blood to ice. 
It spoke. 
It wasn’t human speech, nothing so comprehensible as the Jashian tongue, but it was definitely a kind of speech. For one thing, it was very similar to the gargled cries it had made earlier while calling for its accomplices. For another, the effects of this choking communication could be heard as its accomplices began spreading out around the screen. 
This might have had more of a disheartening effect on the woodsman, but at that exact moment a stirring occurred in the vicinity of his chin and distracted him. He looked down and beheld a pair of citrine eyes staring in the direction of the rustling movement.
No, no, no, no, no… 
Zeph stared a moment longer, then turned to the gap in the camouflage screen and sniffed the shadowy air, sniffing it once, then twice, then— 
Even as her eyes went bulging, Jaysh made a grab for her, his fingers sinking in the grass as Zeph bolted for the pasture.



Chapter 18

Sliding over the lip of the Devil’s Dome and into the golden one’s abode, Kowin the healer felt like bolting for the pasture as well. Whatever this deceiver was—this thing that could see without being seen—it felt like the creature was directly above him. The itch at the base of his skull had started to burn.
He raised a drooping sleeve to the back of his neck and rubbed it vigorously. The scratching helped, but only as a distraction, and never for very long. Once he stopped, the drilling pain came back in a flash.
He left the sleeve where it was and made a quick survey of the lair. A shadow spilled down from the western rim and spread across the floor, but he could still make out the general outline of the place. It resembled the lumpy hollow of a collapsed volcano. 
He lowered his head to the floor and received a different impression. The details down there were dissolving in the dying light of late afternoon. He tipped back his hood and saw the sky in midst of a wardrobe change, trading in its bright blue coat for one of darkest murk. 
He made an unpleasant face at the shadows and tried to imagine his return trek down the side of the Dome. He saw himself feeling around with his toes for the next jutting boulder, saw himself grasping blindly with his hands for a next fissure in the stone. 
“Gar,” he said, speaking in the wee small voice that sounded nothing like himself. “Gar, we needs to hurry.” 
The black sackcloth at his right shoulder swelled like bullfrog’s throat. 
“We needs to not be here.”
The swell drifted towards his left side, receding gently. 
Kowin gave the back of his neck one last caress and set off around the perimeter. When it came right down to it, he didn’t really need to find anything in the lair. He just needed to look around the place and make a report. The council couldn’t expect him to know what had happened to the golden one. They could only expect him to recount the events of his mission and to sound credible while doing so. 
He picked up the pace, turning his waddle into a trot. He had been going about this mission all wrong. All he needed to do was make one sweep of the Dome, take the bizarre clues back to the council, and dump them in their lap. 
Here go, idiot council. These clues for you. Good luck! 
This thought tried to bring a grin to his pale and twisted face, but his lips wouldn’t move. They were frozen in place by the cold hands of fear. Wonderful though his plan might be, he was still eye-ball deep in the nastier part of it. He still had three-fourths of a monster’s lair to traverse before he got to the good part, and floor of said lair was not being kind. 
It wasn’t the gaps and crevices he had to worry about; it was the drops and rises. The recesses of the lair had been filled with dust and debris and smoothed flat by the golden one, but flat did not mean level. The floor might have been continuous, but it was also lumpy and erratic and unyielding to the touch. 
Kowin tripped three times before finally slowing down and taking baby steps across the ever-changing floor. He was amazed at how slow he needed to move in order to anticipate the changes with his toes.  
On a positive note, if he did happen to trip over the stones and land on his face, he wouldn’t have to worry about falling on anything. There was always the threat of careening over the rim and tumbling down the side, but if he managed to avoid that, and keep himself in the nest, the worst that would befall him was a stubbed toe or bruised knee. 
Where many lairs lay covered in rib-cages and jaw bones and shards of pointed bone, the lair of the golden one bore no such clutter. This predator fed in the lands beyond the Drugana (consuming its prey whole no less) and, thus, its lair did not suffer much in the way of calcareous waste. 
Here recently, it did not suffer much from the obstruction of gold either, not since the extraction teams learned of the beast’s extended leave and snatched away ever gleaming nugget and shining chunk. 
Prior to that, however, when Kowin used to bring the seeing sphere to Dome in hopes of a watching the bloody annihilation of the royal extractors, he nearly went blind from the sun’s reflection. 
He didn’t have that problem now. Partly because the sun was a dying ember in the western sky, but mostly because the beast’s natural camouflage was no more. 
Kowin stopped at the south side of the nest, the halfway mark for all intents and purposes, and raised a sleeve to the back of his neck. It was still sizzling like a splatter of grease from a skillet, but he couldn’t imagine why. There didn’t appear to be anything up here.  
He turned to survey the path he had taken and made a grim assessment of his labors. The hem of his robe was a little dustier, the soles of his feet a little dirtier, but otherwise he had nothing to show for his efforts. What could the creature that sees-without-being-seen possibly want?
He lifted his head to the dying sky, searched for some sign of his transparent admirer, and said, “What?” 
The dying sky did not respond, and neither did the prairie. Around him, the silence of the Sway continued ringing in his ears, a thousand muted voices screaming out in unison, screaming at the gathering gloom in the east as it came sweeping through the pasture.
He lowered his hood to the floor, more so because he was tired than because he assumed he’d find anything, and made it three waddling strides before his left foot came down on something like a tree branch.
He jumped and shuffled back, placing a hand to the rim and preparing to vault. Before he could, though, his eyes found the thing he had stepped on and stayed his anxious legs. Whatever it was had not moved. 
He cocked his head sideways and squinted at the thing. It sort of looked like a tree branch, a long and crooked shaft not unlike those clotting the boughs of the Shun, but what it was exactly, or why it had come to be up here, he could not say, at least not while it remained concealed in the shadows of the lair. 
“You seeing this?” he said, ostensibly speaking to Gar, his invisible companion. “You seeing this… this stick?” 
The sackcloth at his hip, on his left side this time, puffed up like a blister.
“I seeing this,” he announced, taking a step closer and sending his pink eyes to either end of the stick-like artifact. On one end, he spied the makings of a paw. On the other end, a hard and shapeless mass. 
Since there was a paw on one end, Kowin assumed the dried-out mound was a carcass. Just to be sure, his eyes went back to the paw and he gave a closer look to the digits and claws and opposable thumb…
Opposable thumb? 
It was nearly two-dimensional in structure, as flat as it was broken, but there was no mistaking the position of the fifth digit in relation to the other four. 
“That not good,” he breathed, giving the paw one last look then turning to the crunchy heap on the other end of the arm. 
With regard to size and shape, he was guessing the animal had been roughly the make of a large dog or small pony, but with the current dimensions reduced to that of a folded bed roll, it was difficult to extrapolate the beast’s original design. 
He knelt down beside the husk and pried his fingers beneath the edges. It felt hard and angular and practically weightless, like grabbing an enormous chunk of pumice. He propped it on one side and watched as some of the smaller pieces broke free, dropping to the ground. 
He peered at the underbelly and saw the other leg right away, possibly the thing’s tail. There might have been half a face as well, smooshed into the armpit. He lowered his head to the area, pressed his hood next to the surface, and saw that it was a face, and an ugly one. 
“This an ugly thing,” he said, still not knowing if it was ugly because of the damage or because of the way it had been made.
He sat up a little and picked at the face with his sleeve. There was the socket of an eye, sans the squishy ball. That tissue had burst and spewed across the lair, drying into dust by now. There was also an opening below the socket that was either a nostril or a tear. 
Kowin brought his eyes closer and saw it was a nostril. It had to be a nostril because, below that, there was a larger gap that had to be a maw. Most of the teeth had been pried loose of the gums while the skull and jawbone were wrenched mercilessly together, but there were still a few lodged deep in the bone. 
The teeth in the creature’s mouth looked like sowing needles—short, thin, and pointed—and there was only one creature of which Kowin knew that had teeth like that. 
“That not good,” he said, this time without feeling.
He stood slowly, the hazy effects of déjà vu miring his movement, and stared down at his second dru’gore of the day. 
He raised a sleeve to his hood and scratched at it stupidly. None of this was adding up in his cold, sadistic mind. The dru’gore had come back, the golden one had disappeared, and the two of them had gone mad. He was getting a headache just thinking about it. 
“Clues not help,” he said, crawling to his feet and shaking his hood. “Clues like…like biting animal you pull from trap, biting animal you drop on soft parts of lap.” 
He cringed at the image—memory, actually—and decided it was time to go home. Going on this mission was like reaching into a pile of yellow, intricately-shaped puzzle pieces and pulling out something the color of midnight and with no edges at all, a piece that implied a second set of pieces scattered within the first, pieces that, once completed, would form a picture he did not wish to see. 
This not real, his mind screamed. This not a real thing.  
But it was. He had not one dead dru’gore, but two. Two dead creatures of indestructible magic that returned to Jashandar and committed the one act they dared not commit in all the ages they were here. 
Well aware the dru’gore had not died of old age or exposure to the elements, he tipping back his cowl and searched the skies for their killer. There was nothing above him, or in any of the four directions, so he lowered his head to the ugly remains. 
He thought about what the titan-hag had said about the land, about the Drugana waking from its long and involuntary sleep. If that were true, then he was right back where he started all those generations ago: in need of a barbarian from the Hinter to do battle with the old ones. 
Mad old ones, he corrected, shivering at the thought. They had been bad enough the first time, when he first visited the land. He didn’t want to think about how bad they’d be if they’d finally lost their minds. 
He stopped scratching at his hood and moved his sleeve the burning pinprick at the base of his skull. This time he would be up against the old ones and a mysterious watcher, an entity that could see-without-being-seen. 
“Gar,” he said, not looking where he was going as he edged towards the rim. “Gar, I thinks, maybe, we go home.” 
At the side of his hip, a fist-sized section of sackcloth rose from his side and smoothed into nothing. 
“We haves all clues,” he continued, backing across the loose rock and dust and tripping several times along the way. He’d managed to keep his feet, but he couldn’t believe how difficult it was to walk while staring at the sky. 
Keeping up with the feet, he said, “That what we tell mad halfling. We tells him golden one is killer and ‘gore come ba—” his toe met with a chunk of stone and skidded to the side “—These good clues, yes. These good clues and I thinks halfling not—” his heel struck a drop in the floor and he stumbled forward “—I thinks, maybe, he be happy. I thinks maybe he not—” 
On the third occasion, his foot met with a rise in the floor and he went down like sack full of crazy, arms flailing, robes thrashing, body reeling without any chance of correction. 
He was aware of his head striking the floor and making a muffled crack within his hood, but already he was scrambling to his feet, diving for the rim and seeing a movement overhead, a fluttering, a quavering. 
He did not look up, but levered himself onto the rim and pulled, clawing at the stones even as a large and rippling mass came plummeting down and covered him whole.



Chapter 19

The distance from the floor of the Harriun to the ceiling of tongues was only three stories in height, but for Brine Denbauk it might as well have been the other side of the world. He could see that something was up there (something sticking down through the canopy that could not be a tongue), but outside of that he had no idea what it was. 
Where the tongues were long and straight and tapered, this thing was bent at its middle and the same diameter from one end to the other. It was also the color of spoiled goat milk left to curdle in the sun. 
That imagery gave him an idea and he began to wonder if the thing could be a tongue that had gone bad, an albino tongue or merely a dead place in the canopy. He puzzled over that a moment longer, then decided it couldn’t be. If the tongues could change like that, he was pretty sure there’d be more of them on display, and this was the only one he had seen. 
He placed his dirty fingers to the outside of each eye and pulled the skin taut, stretching the lids until his eyes became slits. This sometimes helped his eyes to focus, but today it did nothing. The pale thing in the tongues did not change.
He lowered his hands and let his shoulders slump, a gesture of mild disappointment. He might have been more disappointed, but he was simply too tired. He muttered a prayer for strength and fumbled with his hip pouch. 
He hated to withdraw the monocle on the move, fearful that one of the vine-chewing brutes might knock him down and send it skittering into shadows, but he had no choice. If he wanted to see what was up there, he was going to have to take the risk. 
He tugged free the knot in the drawstring and reached inside, staying his fingers only as the stunned silence of the mercenaries became a series of cries, men slapping each other on the shoulders and telling each other, “Hey! Hey, look at that! Look up there!” 
Brine pulled his fingers from the hip pouch and turned towards the cries. The Lathians had stopped gawking at the ash-colored branch and were now gawking at something to his left, something that had them scowling and pointing and cursing at the air. 
Carefully taking several steps to the right, Brine drew a deep breath and turned his head to the left, scrunching his eyes at the place where the mob was staring. 
At first, he saw only the hazy outline of the tongues and the slightly-clearer outline of the supporting boles. It was the same thing he’d been staring at since entering this blasted wilderness; black on black with lots of extra black slathered in between. 
Only it wasn’t all black. 
He took a step forward and saw the bole closest to the ivory branch had a pale and green fluid smeared down its side. He took another step closer and saw that the fluid stretched the full length of the bole.  
At the point where the bole disappeared into the tongues, the smear of green was as wide as the shoulders of an average-sized man. As it moved down from the canopy and closer to the floor, it tapered off to a dribble no wider than Brine’s pinky.
It could have jetted up out of a hole, he supposed. If it came out of a tiny hole, that would account for the narrow diameter at the base and the wider span at the terminus. Of course, that did nothing to explain why the liquid had not drifted in the air and covered the adjacent boles or surrounding tendrils.
It came out of the ceiling, the fire-voice declared.
Brine shook his head, but without feeling
It poured out of those tentacles up there, the voice crackled.
Brine stopped rotating his skull and considered the assertion. He decided it might be a dye of some kind…maybe. It was altogether possible that one of these thugs had crawled up there with a bucket of dye and dumped it down the side, just to mess with him. 
Sure they did, the belly-fire said. You see any ladders lying around, Rugs? Do yeh? You see any rope or grapnels hanging down from the tongues?  
Brine didn’t bother taking his eyes from the smear. He knew better. 
Take a look at that branch again, the belly-fire advised. See anything on it? 
Brine shifted his gaze back to the crooked white branch. Now that the belly-fire mentioned it, there did appear to be something on the tip, something that looked an awful lot like the greenish fluid on the bole. 
There wasn’t much of the stuff, just a smattering of it really, and pale to the point of being nearly translucent, but that was probably why he’d overlooked it in the first place. 
As for the five thorn-like darts he now saw forking from the end, he couldn’t say why he’d overlooked those. If he had to guess, he would say it was because they looked remarkably like fingers, and he hadn’t wanted to cope with that. Because if the dart-things were fingers, that would mean the branch-thing was an arm, and if the branch-thing were an arm…  
As if the pallid limb had taken a swipe for his face, Brine took a step back. He could not see what the appendage was attached to on the other side of the canopy—if, indeed, it were attached to anything—but he had the grisly suspicion that it was not a part of the indigenous flora.
He took another step back and thought about Reets, about whether or not the halfling had ever shared a bedtime tale that involved fluid of this color. He couldn’t say he remembered such a tale, but it had been a long time. 
He kept backing, bumping into shoulders, into packs, bouncing off of arms. He waited for one of them to shove him back or to curse his name, but they never did. With their own eyes fixed in the tongue, the Lathians didn’t seem to mind. 
Helpless to do otherwise, Brine stopped backing and panned his head at the throng, searching their faces for a set of the jaw or a cast of the eyes that said, Yep, tha’s what I fig’erd. 
What he saw instead was the same expression of slack-jawed awe that marred his own unnerved features.
Not a good sign, the fire-voice said. Not good when these guys are stumped. 
Movement caught Brine’s eye and he turned back to the green-smeared bole. Sladge was moving from the streak of pale fluid to a spot directly below the arm-like protrusion. The big man’s head, rising clearly above the heads and shoulders of his men, was shaking back and forth with something like anger. 
Sladge stopped below the claw-tipped spectacle and studied it for a time, his bearded lips muttering soundlessly, his great head oscillating with rage. The change of perspective had apparently not helped.
“Wha’ yeh think, Sladge?” a voice called from somewhere to the right. 
Brine turned to the speaker and found a sea of bearded faces directed at their leader, the shock having worn thin and the need for answers having pushed to the fore.
Sladge continued muttering to himself and glaring at the arm.
From far back on the left, one of the men answered for him, telling the others that he thought the thing overhead was the arm of an ugling. There was a moment for this to settle in and then a second man, somewhere on the right of the throng, said he heard that uglings didn’t go near the Harriun. Another pause ensued, then from back on the left again, the first man said he heard the second man’s mother was a whore.  
Just like that, what had begun as a soft susurration of worry had steadily grown into a dull roar of conjecture, each man offering his thoughts on the matter and the next quickly refuting it.
“Sladge!” a new voice hollered. “Hey, Sladge! What is that thing?”
But Sladge, aside from the insistent mutterings of his lips, did not answer, so enthralled he was by the bloodless arm. 
“Is it dead?” another voice cried from a different section of the mob.
At this, a perplexed silence swept the hoard and several men craned their heads to see which idiot had spoken. This was followed by a swarm of derogatory assertions that the thing in the tendrils could be nothing but dead, each of these statements preceded by a rather insulting means of pointing out the appendage’s bloodless hue and complete lack of mobility. 
Brine, as a practicing disciple in the ways of Amontus, probably wouldn’t have used such crude language to illustrate these points, but he could not help but agree. With its pallid color and pasty skin, the dangling appendage had every appearance of dead tissue.
“But if’n it’s dead,” a different section of the crowd cried back, “what took Egzert?” 
To this, a wave of yeahs rolled across the thirty or so mercenaries, each man slowly remembering what it was he’d been doing prior to staring up at this shaft of dangling meat. When they had no answer, a few took it upon themselves to shout the question at their mesmerized leader, calling out his name and asking for his take on the query. 
Sladge made no reply, still shaking his head, still mutter his words. 
“An’ if’n it’s dead,” another man cried, “how’d it get all the way up there?”
Another volley of yeahs erupted from the crowd, but this time they took on a more urgent cast, and the throng itself began to converge upon its leader, its collective voice screaming out his name. 
Sladge, seemingly content in his numb state of disbelief, neither noticed nor heard the advancing mob. It was not until one of them shuffled forward and poked the big man in the ribs that Sladge finally broke from his stupor and turned to glare at his assailant. 
Very slowly, the big man’s eyes took in the staring faces of his worried men. His expression softened. 
“Wha’s goin on, Sladge?” the staring throng cried.
Eyes wide, head turning slowly from one face to the next, Sladge could only grimace pitifully and say, “I doan’ know, but…,” he trailed off, his jaw tottering and his head beginning to shake, “…but somethin ain’t right.”
The mob went silent, carefully digesting the words of their guide. Then one of them, masked in the anonymity of the crowd and certainly delirious with his own primal fear, cried out, “Wha’ the Pit’s that supposed to mean?” 
But rather than elaborate on this explanation or respond with a harsh retort, Sladge only winced at the question, donning an expression of such hurt that Brine expected his eyes to start welling and his cheeks to bear tears. 
“Well, I says we cut out!” a man on the far right bellowed, his voice directed now at the mob rather than their leader. A barrage of yeahs rolled back at him, as did Sladge’s attention, the big man’s eyes losing their affliction and widening to the size of goose eggs. 
Brine was sure the big man was going to lose it this time, sure he was going to come out of his shell and start throwing men about, but surprisingly enough he did not. He gave the men one last wounded stare, then turned to the hunchback standing beside him. 
Blathus Sneel, clad in gray sleeping attire and leaning easily on his cane, blinked lazily at the large leader. From the placid expression on his face, Brine would have thought the raging mercenaries were nothing more than a swirl of rustling leaves. 
Without a glance in their direction, the hunchback shook his head. 
Sladge’s grimace grew worse, the look of a man trapped between the proverbial rock and the hard place. He glanced weakly at his minion, then took a step towards the adviser and lowered his mouth to his ear, whispering something only they could hear. The rigor mortis expression on the counselor’s face did not change, and when Sladge had finished his dissertation, the old man only shook his balding head. 
Sladge winced once more and stabbed his eyes at the crowd, making the tense face of man deciding whether or not to dive into unknown water. He turned back to the adviser and lowered his head to the old man’s ear, attempting to make another entreaty on the part of his crew, only this time something happened.
About halfway down, Sladge appeared to lose his balance and drop to one knee. It was the strangest thing Brine had ever seen. The big man had made the same move only moments ago, but now it appeared as though he were succumbing to lightheadedness.
Sladge fought back, lifting his head of curly black hair and straightened himself out, but the dizziness returned much stronger than before. The big man’s head lolled sideways and his eyes fluttered. Around him, the mob took notice and lowered its voice.
Sladge was down on both knees now, one monstrous arm braced in the sand. He stayed like that for maybe a moment, barely enough time for the faint to present itself, and then Brine saw the heaviness leave the guide’s eyes, saw the swoon depart his head. Sladge drew his hand from the ground and found his feet. 
Brine bunched his hands into fists. If possible, this was even more frightening than the thing dangling from the tongues. Hadn’t he seen something just like that in the anteroom outside the king’s chamber and along the Lathian road in the Desert of the F’kari? 
No, that wasn’t right. He hadn’t seen it. He’d experienced it. 
Drawing himself to full height, his face set like a basalt tombstone, Sladge the Lathian surveyed his men. They surveyed him back, cautiously. Then, as they saw the strange weakness leaving the big man’s body (seeing, as well, that it did not appear contagious), the general outcry of, “Let’s get the Pit out’a here,” began to circulate the crowd. 
Sladge took a step forward and stabbed a finger at the crowd. “We ain’t goin NOWHERES!”
Another stunned silence swept over the men, bearded faces frozen in mid-sneer as their small minds weighed the fear of their guide against the fear of the Harriun. Brine could almost see the mental scales at work, the two sides teetering precariously for a time, then the Harriun side slamming down hard on the mental tables of their mind. 
From several places in the mob, Brine heard the defiant cry of, “How come,” percolate through the men. No one was running for the hills just yet (at least no one wanted to be the first), but they were still a good sight from nodding their heads in ascension. 
Sladge recoiled from the display, wilting like a stray dog. Despite his previous display of alpha-male aggression, the big man actually drew back from his men, the mistreated look, so out of place on such a large and sun-dried face, returning to his eyes. 
He directed the expression at the hunched adviser at his side and the hunched adviser stared at him, his sleepy gray eyes seemingly oblivious to strife passing between the leader and his crew. 
Another faint overcame the big man (head drifting, eyes blinking, arms slouching), then the spell lifted and he was roaring like a lion once more, the pinched skin between his eyes crashing down, the slight gap between his lips collapsing in a line.
“I’ll tell yeh how come!” he roared. “It’s your god-bannin job, tha’s how come! An’ I’ll whip the first of yeh what tries it, that’s how come too! Yeh hearin me, are yeh?” He made a grab for the closest man. “I’ll cook n’ eat yeh! I’ll gut yeh an’ let yeh watch. An’ if’n yeh fig’er to go on the sly, I’ll track yeh down an’ then cook n’ eat yeh.” He paused, lips quivering. “We took a job here, boys! We took a job an’ now we’re gona do it. An’ I doan’ care if it takes us to the gates of Sira’s Pit, we’re gona make it happen. An’ if’n any of yeh thinks dif’ernt from that, then you bes’ co—”
From everywhere at once and from nowhere in particular, the Wilderness of the Harriun gave forth a horrify cry.



Chapter 20

Reets squinted in the direction of Easpost, his face wrinkling at the movement in the distance. He couldn’t say what it had been, but based upon its position in the camp he guessed it had been a center post from one of the larger tents. He also couldn’t say what had happened, but it sure looked as though the post had fallen over on its side. 
He held his breath and waited, thinking about the processes necessary to knock a center post on its side. Those beams were three hands thick and driven deep in the hard prairie soil. On six different sides, they were secured with ropes as big around as his wrist. 
Without taking his eyes from camp, Reets cocked his head to one side and said, “Hey, uh…Mums? Musmy?” 
From the direction of the corral, he heard the trampling of hooves and shrieking of horses. He opened his crooked mouth to try again, but the darkness of camp rippled again and he turned to look.
In front of the place where the canvas pinnacle had fallen—or not fallen, depending on the accuracy of his eyes—a section of squares as long and thick as a castle parapet shook like a stack of children’s blocks. 
Although he couldn’t be sure, he thought the section of squares was a stack of wooden crates bearing military goods and food stores. They weren’t walls of stone and mortar like those at Castle Arn, but they weren’t walls of Paper Mache either. 
As Reets watched, the rectangles of wood and nails leaned towards him in the gloom, hesitated as though to recover, then fell to the ground and spilled into camp.  
Over the distant crackle of splintered wood, Reets turned his head sideways and said, “Yeh seein this, Mumsy?” 
From the direction of the corral, he heard only the whinnying of horses and the shushing of his colleagues. 
“Ah’right,” he said, turning back to camp and squaring his shoulders. In the scheme of things, it was probably for the best that Mums wasn’t involved. If that shaggy know-it-all came over, she’d only muck things up. It was too much to ask that she simply confirm what he was seeing and then go back to the horses. Oh, no. If that silly cow got wind of this, she’d be over here trying to save him. 
Watching the last of the crates as they toppled to the ground, Reets strained his eyes and watched a pyramid of black tremble against the darker hue of the horizon. A moment more and the triangular structure crumpled to the ground, filling the night with the sound of shattered struts and cascading water.
Tearing his eyes from camp, Reets checked the activity behind him. He saw his comrades still wrestling with the steeds, their hands up and their voices low, the horses galloping around them and trying to kick them as they passed. 
He turned back to camp and grinned. He had warned the titan that this would happen. He had told her he would get even with her for handling like that…An’ yeh know what they say bout payback, Mums.
Still grinning, he set the saddle on the ground and draped the blanket on the saddle. Then, laying the reigns across the blanket, and making sure the bit didn’t rattle in the process, he grabbed up his axe and made for camp. Halfway there, he crept upon a pile of campfire logs and nestled in against them. 
On the other side of the logs, another beam splintered in the gloom, the sound accompanied by rumpling canvas and snapping lines. It was much louder than before, even for the seashell ears of a halfling, and Reets listened for sounds of the beast as it moved beneath the ruckus. 
He heard only the snapping of slats and whipping of lines.
He frowned at the gloom and let his eyes lose focus. How could the destruction of camp grow louder, but not the movements of the creature causing the destruction? How could he hear the thrumming of horse hooves from the corral, but not the trampling of whatever it was that tore its way through camp? 
He rolled his head to the corral and checked the progress of his companions. He saw Mums holding one bucking steed by the halter and Janu’ery sprinting after the other two. He huffed disapprovingly and turned his attention towards camp. He was sure those two would have heard by now, but apparently not. 
In the midst of Eastpost, another tent post shuddered with impact and went gliding through the murk. 
Reets slid both hands to the base of Old Friendly and took a grip on the weapon where he could gain the greatest amount of momentum. He and the old hunters tenderly referred to this position as the kill-grip, a grip capable of slicing a normal beast in half and bringing a larger one to its knees.
An’ from the sound’a this thing, he thought, it might take two. 
He was beginning to entertain the prospect of a  three swing attack—three tops, though; it ain’t never taken more’n three—when from out of the screaming equines and thrumming hooves, the titan began to shout. 
Reets couldn’t be certain, not with his eyes pointed east, but he heard the word Iman and hurry and assumed Mums was yelling for Janusery to either hasten his effort with the remaining horses or to abandon his efforts and make a run for the hills. In either event, she had obviously taken noticed of the chaos moving steadily towards them. 
Unable to bear the suspense any longer, Reets peaked around the side of his cover and caught sight of the latest disaster; a dome of feed sacks kicking sidewise in the gloom and tumbling through the air; Each smooth oval weighing at least ten stones—or as much as Reetsle, in other words—and whipping through the air with no more effort than a child slinging a handful of pebbles.
Reets watched the last of the sacks disappearing from sight and realized there was only one more pavilion separating him from the killer. After that, the hulking brute would have a clear view of the woodpile at the edge of camp and the halfling peaking around its side.
He leaned hard into the pile, his blue and brown eye fixed on the pavilion and his body taut against the logs. It was going to happen—it was going to happen soon. The lines snapping, the posts cracking, the whole of the canopy pitching sideways in the murk, an immense shape barreling through the middle… 
Only that didn’t happen. 
Instead of coming through the pavilion, the thing tearing a path through the middle of Eastpost came around the pavilion, a huge black shape undulating around the side and rolling his direction. 
Reets’ chest froze in mid-breath. He would never admit it to the know-it-all cow, not even on his death bed, but Mums had been right. The thing moving towards him was three times larger than her titan steed, Barge. It was also moving like nothing he’d ever seen.
Many seasons of battle training were telling the halfling to tilt forward on his legs and prepare to swing with the arms, but unfortunately for Reets, his legs were no longer listening to his formal battle training. They were listening to a much older form of training ingrained in the deepest part of the brain. 
Don’t move, the training told him. Don’t move a muscle and don’t bat any eye. Hold real still and maybe it won’t see you. 
Reetsle did just that. He stood frozen against the woodpile and gawked in horror at the thing rolling out of camp—And it was rolling. There was no other word to describe the locomotion he observed, no other word for the way that boneless mass went bobbing through the shadows.
Blood puddin, Reets thought, speaking the first word that came to mind. Looks like blood puddin from back home, the way it goes rollin down a plate with the top half floppin over the bottom, over an’ over again.
The creature rolled nearer still and Reets saw the top half of the pudding-monster was separated into three heaving lumps. They were resting where the thing’s head should be, one in the center and two on the sides. The one in the center was swaying slightly and the two on the sides were bobbing violently. 
Reets’ terrified gaze went instantly to the outer humps, his mind’s eye traveling to an image he had not seen in many ages. The image was of the coastal villages where his people used to trade. He’d been a boy at the time, maybe six or seven ages (if that), but he remembered clearly the sounds of bartering, the smell of the salt, the movement of the wharf as it battered the pier. 
There were gulls overhead, and clouds way out over the sea, but he was paying them no mind. His brown and blue eyes were fixed on the barrels tied to the wharf, watching as they bobbed in the surf and thudded on the beams. 
…thump…thump…thump…
It was the thudding that had originally drawn his eyes, but it was the undulation of the barrels that held them. Reets had no idea what these barrels contained, but he didn’t really care. It was their movement that fascinated him, the constant rise and fall of their bodies in the greenish gray surf. 
UP…and down. UP…and down. UP…and— 
Behind him, Mums screamed something unintelligible at the captain and the captain screamed something back. Then it sounded as though the side of the corral buckled against the weight of something heavy. The fence posts groaned like timbers caught in a gale, then cracked in two as whatever it was came crashing on through. 
It might have been Mums or it might have been one of the steeds, but Reets wasn’t about to turn his head and look. His eyes were fixed on the slithering monster as it came rolling out of camp and skirted him on the right. He followed it with his eyes, his misshapen head never moving as the creature undulated into the prairie and became backlit by the sky. 
Against the ruddy red of sunset, Reets saw the hump in the middle rested over the trunk of the creature’s body. He saw, as well, that the two outer humps rested over a pair of beam-like pillars swinging along the ground. 
A part of him thought the beam-like pillars looked like arms, only they couldn’t be arms. They were much too thick to be arms. They were like a pair of oak trees that had decided to uproot themselves and go swinging through the forest. 
And yet…
Reets watched with bug-eyed terror as the trunk-like appendages took turns reaching out from the bobbing lumps he now saw were shoulders. As one beam stayed levered in place, the other swung out from the body, slammed down in the ground, and dragged the torso a little closer to the corral. 
They were arms, a pair of gargantuan arms, and if he had any lingering doubts, he need only look at the pair of gargantuan hands rising from the pasture and pressing finger-holes in the soil. 
Without knowing he was doing so, Reets ran his eyes the length of the creature’s frame and searched it for a matching set of hind legs. He found nothing on his first go, but that didn’t mean they weren’t there. 
With the creature facing away from him, he could see only the abdomen trailed behind the shoulders, the tall grasses rising up and swallowing everything below the waist. He could see an elongated protrusion trailing out of the torso, hugging the ground like that of a bug’s thorax, but again he couldn’t say with any accuracy what it might be. 
But I reckon whatever it is, he thought to himself, his nerve beginning to return, tha’s where the vitals is. 
He pressed himself from the logs and stood up straight. His legs still felt like dead things beneath his hips, and he would be lying if he said he wasn’t just a little bit rattled by what he’d seen, but the paralysis had left.
He kicked off the log pile and charged the prairie, watching as the lumpy outline of his prey veered north at the empty pen. Reets darted north as well, hitting the grasses of the Sway at a dead run and seeking to cut the beast off. He made it five or six strides before a sea of jagged black rose up and blinded him. 
Skidding to a halt, he stood on tiptoe and searched the prairie. He caught a flicker of movement here and there, a glimmer of light to the east, but nothing definitive. It could have been the creature or it could have been one of the horses running for its—
From out of the shadows in the west, the blood pudding beast came rolling through the grass and nearly trampled him under. Reets leap out of the way, but before he could find his feet and retaliate, the thing had dragged itself out of range. He trotted after it, making to intercept once more, but it was already changing its trajectory, lumbering after something to his right…something distinctly horse-shaped. 
Reets veered after it, stopping periodically to stand on his tiptoes and peek over the grass. He did this several more times before the outline of horse and rider streaked directly to his left, this time accompanied by the unmistakable ffffp of streaking arrows. He stopped and listened, then went hot with rage.
Fancy! 
It had to be him. Mums didn’t have a bow and the Eastpost sentries had left. Dropping to his heels, he plowed through the grass in the direction of the monster, the distinct fffp of arrows tearing at the air, a few of them ending with a dull thud in vicinity of the beast.
Oh, Fancy, if’n you take this thing down ‘fore I can…
The outline of horse and rider smeared passed again and Reets glared at it, almost missing the blood pudding creature as it lumbered after the steed and nearly crushed him in the Sway. He rolled to the side, rolled back to his feet, and took a swing for the creature. 
He felt the blade parting the reeds and then sink within the ground. 
Rendel’s Beard! 
He jerked on the handle until the blade tore free and hoisted it over his head, making ready for the beast’s hoary retaliation… 
He blinked at the darkness, at the weeds. He had expected a hand like a battering ram to swat him out of his skin, but instead there was nothing. The creature either could not see him below the sedge or it was too engrossed by the fancyman to pay him any mind. 
Reets stood on his toes and spun in a circle, spotting the dark forms of monster and rider to the south. What in the Bloody Name of Rendal was Fancy doing? It was bad enough he’d stolen the halfling’s kill, but he didn’t even know how to finish it. From the look of him, he was just riding in circles and trying not to— 
Something hit Reets from the side, something big and hairy and smelling a good deal like horse sweat.
“Hold on, Reetsle,” a voice told him, speaking over the trampling of hooves. “Blood Hair’s just over here.”
Still dazed by the vicious impact—battle axe gripped loosely in one hand, other hand feeling around the side of Barge’s enormous chest—Reets was aware of heather grass and milk weed whipping passed his legs. 
“Mums…?” he mumbled, his lips smashed to a horse’s flank. “Mums, what’d…,” he trialed off, “…how’d I…?”
“Almost there,” she replied.
Reets began to jostle up and down as the mighty Barge trotted to a stop, he felt wind on his face as he glided through the air, suspended by the back of his tunic and chain mail, then a hairy spine slipped between his legs and the thing at his back released his tunic. 
He sat there for a moment, blinking at the titan, at his horse. He was still dazed for the most part, still unsure of what he’d been doing or what had just happened. Then his eyes narrowed and he glared at the titan. 
“Mums!” he bellowed. “Mums, did you jus—!”
Mums reached over and swatted Blood Hair on the rump.



Chapter 21

“Haaaaaaaaaaaaaaaah…”
Brine went down as though paralyzed at the neck, dropping flat on the sands and pulling his Wauk to the front. He squeezed it tightly to him and prayed fervently to God, praying that whatever he’d just heard would remain hidden from his sight.  
Around him, he could hear the hiss of steel on leather, the groan of bow shafts pulled taut. Several Lathians were muttering clench-bellied curses under their breath, cursing both god and devil alike.
Brine continued praying to Owndiah for mercy, asking Him to forgive the unbelievers who were so savagely taking His name in vain and explaining that these savages meant Him no disrespect, but were simply frightened for their lives, a feeling the disciple could expound upon at length. 
He lifted his head from the gritty floor and saw a sea of bearded faces searching the boles of the Harriun. Many were crouched low or down on one knee. A few had receded from the outer rim of the group and converged on their fearless, though possibly unstable leader. 
Sladge had not moved from his position beneath the clawed arm in the canopy. Like his men, he had his chin up and his eyes bright, turning his head in a slow circle around the tongues. Unlike his men, he was still shaking his head and muttering, “Ain’t right,” to no one in particular. 
Beside the big man, Balthus leaned on his cane and stared blankly at the ribcage of a mercenary in front of him, his eyes unfocused and his thoughts a thousand leagues away. 
Brine lifted his head to the tendrils above and the trunks on all sides, searching for movement in the shadows and glowing eyes in the trees. Finding neither, he turned his attention to the crouching escorts. 
His eyes might be no better than those of rheumy-eyed vole, but the men around him could track a tear drop on a rainy day. So if any of them made sudden movements one way or the other, he would know to do the same, and if Sladge and Balthus didn’t approve and wanted to stay around to carry on the— 
“Haaaaaaaaaaaaaaaah…”
The second utterance was actually worse than the first. Brine had been caught off guard the first time, not to mention distracted by Sladge’s red-faced diatribe, but this time he was ready. This time, with his body stoked on adrenaline and his bat ears tuned for disruption, he felt his brain soaking up the cry.
It sounded like someone huge trying to keep their hands warm, a behemoth from the Dead Lands holding its fists to its mouth and breathing on the knuckles. Only it wasn’t the quick Haa-Haa of a man (or giant) breathing warmth on his fingers. This was the sustained, opened-mouthed hiss of an aggressive lizard. 
On a grander scale, it sort of reminded him of the tiny bluff-lizards of the F’kari, the little reptiles that puffed themselves up and hissed at you when cornered against a wall. They used to scare him to death at the monastery, surprising him as he made his way between sanctuary and dorm. Often times, he didn’t even know they were there—this little thing no larger than a squirrel, usually hauling tail to get out of his way—and then, bam, something was hissing at his ankles. 
Of course, the flash of cold fright he’d experience back then was nothing compared to the steady terror he felt now. Like the deep and resonant hissing overhead, his terror seemed to go on and on forever, continuing in his chest even as the open-mouthed cry broke off and a strange barking cough ensued.
“…Khaut-Khaut-Khaut.” 
Perhaps the monster hadn’t attached this part to the first cry, or perhaps Brine had been too busy shoving his face in the sand to hear it, but he was hearing it now. It sounded like a cross between a raven’s caw and a dog gagging on a bone. 
Until it ended, that was. After that, the silence was deafening.
Brine winced and felt his body become a wad of nerves and muscle. He forced his lungs to draw air and sent his auditory probes back into the boles. He was searching for a slithering in the tongues or a shifting in the sands, but instead he heard the sound of weaponry; the groan of a bowstring on his right, the clink of chains on his left, and rub of leather all over.
In the center of the mob, movement caught Brine’s eye. He turned to see the bull-necked Sladge lower his troubled face to the blank stare of his adviser. Balthus, his vacuous stare still directed at whatever mercenary happened to back into its path, lifted his face in turn.
Sladge’s hard, anthracite eyes had been greatly softened by the two preceding cries, but as was the case before, it took only a moment of Balthus’ somnolent gaze and the big man’s scowl was back and ready for duty. 
Sladge tilted his head and appeared to be sampling the air with his ears. Finding nothing in that section of wilderness, he tilted his chin the other way, listened for a brief time, then drew his sword and took off to the right, his furious eyes fixed on the lesser tongues. 
The men in that direction quickly deduced what was coming and shuffled out of the way. Sladge stomped between them and never hesitated as he met the lesser tongues and pressed between their limp, swollen caress. One by one, his men followed after.  
Brine bit his lip and tried to make his brain work. What was Sladge thinking? There was no good reason for the big man to think the hissing-thing was over there. Brine certainly couldn’t pinpoint the creature and his ears were something of an anomaly. 
“Haaaaaaaaaaaaaaaah…” 
With his hand around his wauk and his knuckles turning white, Brine watched the Lathians filing after their leader, each man vanishing into the flopping black drapes with shoulders hunched and weapons high. 
Overhead, the hissing became a cough and the cough an eerie silence. 
Brine squatted among the departing Lathians and listened to the crunch of their boots on the sand. The sound reminded him of the sands of an hourglass counting out the moments—His moments. 
Before too long, the last of the men would move from sight and he would be left alone in the Harriun. He withdrew his seeing lens and jerked it first to the departing men, then to the sagging flora of the forest. He had no desire to confront the thing hissing in the boles, but at the same time he had no desire to sit here alone either. He turned the monocle behind him and peered into the growing dusk. 
Overhead, from everywhere and nowhere, the hissing-thing opened its maw. 
“Haaaaaaaaaaaaaaaah…” 
Brine was on his feet. Without further ado, he had his robes hoisted and was sprinting for the Lathians, the monster’s cry still stretching across the air as he lowered his head and went slamming into the tendrils, his hands tearing at fleshy strands until his fingers met air and he knew that he was through. 
He took two frantic strides, not even enough time to lift his head or open his eyes, and struck something like a lumpy mattress. He recoiled into the wall of tongues, caught himself before he tumbled inside, and lifted both head and lens to obstruction. 
As he suspected, it was a queue of muscled shoulders. He’d found the missing Lathians, every last one. 
The two men in the back of group craned back their heads to see who he was. He expected them to give him a nasty look—he knew they didn’t like him—but they merely looked and turned back around, their eyes lifting to the dangling canopy above…like everyone else. 
As though watching the whole scene and finding the antics amusing, the hissing-thing let loose with a guttural, “…Khaut-Khaut-Khaut.”
Brine stopped surveying the men and tipped back his head. His monocle never made it to the canopy. Before his bulging eye could get that far, it had taken notice of the bole on the other side of the mob. 
Running down its face, two hands wide and stretching the full length of the bole, he saw a wet and dripping smear. He could not discern the color of the stain, not with sunset so close at hand, but had one of the men withdrew his flint and tinder and lit himself a fire, he knew what color he would see.
Red, he thought. It would be red. A wet and runny, arterial red. 
But that can’t be, said another voice, his rationale mind this time. That can’t be Egzert. We’d have heard the creature that did this, we’d have heard it thundering through the boles and kicking up sand, we’d have heard Egzert screaming at the tongues, we’d have heard his body being dragged across— 
“Haaaaaaaaaaaaaaaah…” 
With his eyes on the boughs, Brine felt the men before him sinking to their knees. He dropped down beside them without thinking, trying to look everywhere at once while trying to keep his head as close to the sand as possible. 
On the far side of the mercenaries, he caught sight of Sladge, the big man easily noticed as he appeared to be the only one not cowering in fear or swiveling his head. Rather, he was marching past the dark and shiny stain that Brine knew to be crimson and moving towards a place on the left in the lesser boles. 
Somewhere in the distance, the hissing-thing said, “...Khaut-Khaut-Khaut.”
The big guide never broke stride. Back stiff and sword held high, he moved with his angry eyes fixed on the lesser tongues, his ears seeming to hear noises the others could not hear.
Brine cocked a famous bat ear in the big man’s direction and, for a moment, thought he heard the mysterious noise. It sounded like someone or something running across the sands, the heavy pomp-poomp-poomp of padded paws or soft-soled shoes. 
Oddly enough the noise never changed in volume or locale, as if the stalker were jogging in place just beyond the boles. This notion was so ludicrous that Brine began to wonder if his ears had finally deteriorated, if they’d finally joined the ranks of his eyes.
At the edge of the clearing, the sound that drew Sladge was still moving. The big man jerked his head to the right and changed trajectory, never slowing as the Lathians before him—a man with a green cloth folded into a bandana around his head—realized what was happening and scrambled out of the way. 
Sladge moved to within five paces of the snaky curtain and stopped. He nodded in both directions and the men on either side, though well back from the focus of his stare, fanned out slowly and flanked the sagging branches. He waited until each man was in position then advanced upon the boles, raising the hilt of his sword to shoulder-height just as something big and black exploded from the tongues.
In the penultimate moment before all Pit broke loose, it had looked like the tongues had simply come alive and taken the guide. Brine was aware of something sleek and rolling coming out of the flora, something so similar in color and texture to that of the boles that it could have been a part of the boles, and then the heads and packs of the Lathians clouded the air before him. 
All he could be sure of after that (tumbling over backwards and making an impression in the bole behind him) was that he had been wrong about the tongues taking Sladge. Instead of sucking him in, the slippery flora of the Harriun had spat him across the clearing. 
Brine could see the big man moving from left to right over the tops of the fleeing Lathians. Sladge appeared to be lying on his side, one arm flopping up and down like a thick hairy flag, and just bouncing through the air. That wasn’t possible, of course, and Brine told himself it wasn’t possible, but it was happening. Sladge was twenty-five or thirty hands up and just bobbing across the clearing. 
Brine watched as the big man’s flailing body rushed head long at the nearest bole, threw itself at its face, and went scampered up its side like a feral cat. It was then that Brine saw the huge boulder-like creature moving along behind the Lathian guide. 
Sladge was in its mouth. 
The bole-creature—for that was what it looked like in skin texture and hue—clawed its way up the trunk and advanced upon the tongues. In its wake, it left a pattern of holes in the sleek black skin, a row of four holes every ten or twelve hands. 
Brine watched the thing in horror. It was in plain sight and he could see without much trouble that it was not feline. His earlier comparison had been made based upon a memory from the awkward days of his youth when an orange tabby came streaking across his path, snatched up a chipmunk from the garden, and carried straight up the nearest tree. 
Brine remembered the scene well, remembered the way the cat had come from nowhere and went back there just as fast, the way it throttled the ground squirrel by the neck, the way it hit the nearest tree and scurried up its boughs. He also remembered going inside and sitting in the library until the horror of the moment had left him. A very different reaction from what he experienced now. 
As though dipped in cement, Brine’s body couldn’t seem to move. He stood gaping up at the place in the tongues where the creature had disappeared and wondering to himself if it were safe to move. 
Without warning, the tongues at which he stared began to thrash as if alive, shaking with such force that he feared they might tear lose and fall upon the ground. It was several long moments before he noticed the dark and shiny fluid peeking through the tongues and leaking down the trunk. 
That spelled the end for him. 
Safe or not, he yanked up his hem, turned to the south, and sprinted for the castle. Behind him, several of the mercenaries were doing the same, bearing down on him with powerful legs and massive boots. He didn’t know how many had decided to follow—couldn’t know without looking—but he imagined they all would with time. He couldn’t imagine the sort of silly sod that would stick around aft— 
Godfry!
Veering to the right, he slowed just enough to skirt a rather thick bole and resumed his heated pace, sprinting in this manner until he realized he was going the wrong way. With a stitch in his side and a burning in his lungs, he would have reached base camp three times over had he been moving in the proper direction. He slowed his gait and transferred his energy from legs to neck, whipping it around at the boles. 
“Godfry! Godfry, where are you!” 
Suddenly, he was just sure the old man wouldn’t hear him. His teacher’s ears weren’t keenest at best of times, let alone when they were shoved in a book. So what if he never found him? What if Godfry went right on reading as the gelatinous bole-monster broke from the tongues and snatched him up?  
“Gooooodfryyyyyyyyy!” 
Something yellow flickered between the pillars and he threw on the brakes, skidding in the sand and careening towards his quarry. He would have screamed for the old man to get up and get moving, but his breath had left him and he was forced to fall upon the clueless counselor and drag him to his feet, an act which allowed the old man to reach his feet, but made no concession for him to match the disciple’s strides.
“Here, now!” Godfry balled, stumbling along at a precarious angle. “What’s all—” and then he was being dragged. 
Brine cocked back his head, saw the old man scrambling to keep hold of his gripstick and book (and spitting out good deal of sand and beard in the process), and then spun back around to find himself face-to-face with a sight he could never have predicted.
The Lathians were barreling towards him from the south, sprinting out of the undergrowth at break-neck speed. Brine had time to evade the first hurtling body, but the next two caught him completely off guard. The first slammed him in the shoulder and the second knocked him to the sand. 
He went crawling to his right, mind spinning from what he was seeing as much as from the impact of the blows, and another man sped out from tongues, this one nearly trodding on his fingers. 
Brine scrambled out of the way and dragged Godfry behind him, his mind wondering what these fools were doing. What could they possibly gain by moving deeper—  
“Haaaaaaaaaaaaaaaah…” 
The cry was in the south now, on the very heels of the fleeing men.



Chapter 22

Jashandar Denbauk stared at the place in the reeds where Zeph had been lying, too shocked to do anything but squat there on his knees and listen to the tiny cat-thing as she went slicing through the heather (shhh—shhh—shhh). He couldn’t be certain, but it sounded as though she were moving in the direction of the Hill. 
Directly outside the blind, Mister Whitehead and his crew were jumping back in surprise and making all manner of startled phlegmy noises, one of them stepping on Jaysh’s wrist, another brushing against his shoulder.
Jaysh ignored the contact and waited for something more to happen. He didn’t want to go toe-to-toe with these things armed with a skinning knife and a mouthful of dirty words. He’d rather lay there on his belly and wait for Mister Whitehead to decide that Zeph was too quick for him and his friends.
At the gap in the concealment, Mister Whitehead let loose a series of gargled barks, each one giving the impression that his windpipe was every bit as melted as his face, and the cat-thing’s rustling movements were soon accompanied by the sound of five pony-sized bodies tearing through the reeds. 
Jaysh leapt to his feet and threw off the canvas, an inarticulate groan rising in his throat. He had wanted to say more—could hear the word, “NO,” being screamed in every fiber of his being—but all that escaped his lips was an idiot’s growl of terrified rage. 
He went storming after the rustling sounds in the west, charging blindly through the waist-high vegetation and clawing madly at the sheet of canvas that had somehow snagged about his head and shoulders. 
In his haste to engage the enemy, he had put more effort into making his feet than shedding the blind and now it trailed off his head like a magician’s cape, fluttering in the air and making all manner of racket.  
By some miracle of the God in Whom his brother believed, Jaysh managed to keep his feet as he wrestled with the canvas. Not once did he stumbled or fall and not once did he contemplate slowing his blistering pace. Those thoughts did not come until his head was free and his eyes took in the prairie. 
Several paces ahead of him, as the muted light of dusk struggled to illuminate the Sway, a squad of pale and deliquescing mounds peeked up from the motionless grasses. Jaysh watched them as they stood watching him, a colony of fat and grubby serpents rising from the lawn.
These were doubtlessly the melted ones that had surrounded his blind and then given chase after Zeph, but it wasn’t these five that turned his knees to rubber and sent an ice storm screaming through his chest. What gave him pause for thought were the ripples of movement he saw beyond the five ugly faces. 
A loathsome curse word for defecation slid across his mind and he couldn’t help but slow his legs. The Sway was literally shivering with movement in the west; No sign of the creatures’ ugly little faces, but the rustling patterns were all over the place, each one moving in the direction of his special little friend. 
She ain’t gona make it, he thought, and inside his chest he felt his rage reassert itself and blast his fear into pierces. He quickly forgot about how many enemies he faced and thought instead about his furry little friend and how scared she had looked.
“Get!” he roared, yelling as though at a pack of stray dogs. “Get off’a her!”
He screamed at them a third time, using a derogatory term to describe their mothers, but the distraction did not work. Those rustling movements in the distance continued on after his friend and those closer to his ever-racing feet (the infamous five, in other words, who had started this whole ordeal) turned and came at him.
Jaysh drew back his arm and prepared for the stabbing. He didn’t know which one he’d take down first—whichever one reached him first, he supposed—but he had no intention of them getting back up. He’d put the pointy end of his blade in the side of their head, wait for the next ugly target to waddle into range, and that, as they say, would be that. 
Only it wasn’t that easy. 
When the five melted attackers were within four strides of him—heads leaning back, lips splitting wide, clear fluid gushing out all over—Jaysh realized the categories of first, second, and third were not going to apply. They were going to hit him all at once. 
He dove to the side and rolled, the five gaping mouths sweeping past him in the current of their momentum. He sprang to his feet and whirled and the infamous five were on him at once, the grasses alive with a dull clomping sound he did not immediately recognize.  
It sounded like the sound of two juicy melon-halves being clomped together in the air, but Jaysh soon put two and two together and realized he was hearing the fleshy slap of gums snapping at the prairie, the latest one leaving a warm rope of saliva slathered on his arm. 
He wiped at the sticky mess and backpedaled from the strike, waiting for the next melted visage to explode from the reeds so he could drive his knife (and part of his hand, if necessary) through the side of its liquefied head. 
From the right, one of the devils lunged out of the weeds and he swung for it, thrusting the point of his weapon with all his might and watching in horror as the ugly mask sank into the grass like an anvil in a pond. 
He had time to curse the elusive fiend and already the next one was upon him, coming from the left this time. He swung for its eyes, gritting his teeth as he did so, but again the dirty-white skull dropped out of sight before contact was made, the tip of his dagger ripping through thistles and feather grass. 
It went on like this for quite some time, the melted things leaping from the grass, Jaysh jerking back an arm or leg—clomp—the melted things sinking out of sight, Jaysh thrusting his weapon at the empty shadows, always backpedalling, always spinning to check his rear.
In what could have been considered a lull between attacks (but what was really a fleeting moment in the barrage clomping gums), Jaysh lifted his eyes and saw the breezeless prairie vibrating with bodies. Where he had seen rippling grooves of movement here and there, he now saw the whole prairie shaking with life. They were everywhere.
He staggered back, remembered his backside, and spun around, his mind a whirlwind of panic as he watched the reeds at his waist erupting with bulbous eyes and gaping maws. He turned from one and two more took its place. He turned from these and another reared its head beneath his outstretch hand. 
Something brushed the back of his legs and he leapt from its touch, spinning to see if it had come to the surface and finding his feet tangled in the flora. He went down on his side, the world vanishing in darkness and reeds, and his attackers continued to lunge, now leaping over him and landing on his legs. 
He flailed out from under them and struggled to his feet, rolling away from their bodies and breaking into a run, sprinting in the direction where he’d last heard Zeph.
The melted things carried after him, the attacks becoming more frequently, the clomping of lips closer each time. If he took his eyes from them for a moment, they were sure to have him. One of them nearly had him as it were, coming at him from his blind spot and meeting him in mid-spin. He managed to deflect it somehow, shoving its sagging head to one side as he twisted by, but now there was another in his new blind spot. 
He sliced at this one with the knife and flung himself on, taking two strides before the ground dipped, his ankle turned, and his body went down in a long, reedy roll. 
Flailing like a drowning man, he scrabbled at the weeds and found his feet, taking three or four more steps before a pair of pasty mouths lifted from the burs directly before him. If not for their gagging cries, the lunging monsters might have caught him about the thigh and stomach, latching onto his tender arteries and vital innards. As it were, Jaysh did hear them and veered sideways, avoiding injury from one set of jaws completely and transferring the mouth of the other from the tender flesh of his belly to the firmer muscle of his hip. 
But firmer muscle or not, the pain that struck him—oh, sweet Pit on a stick!—was like nothing he’d ever felt, and in a flash of adrenalized understanding he remembered seeing the rows of hair-like protrusions in Mister Whitehead’s mouth and thought to himself, They were teeth. Skinny, little teeth.
He gritted his own teeth and he went down like a petrified tree. He was vaguely aware of the grasses rising over his head and the ground slapping him on his side, but he was keenly aware of the anguish in his hip as a hundred needled teeth embedding themselves in his flesh.
He made to transfer his blade to his right hand, the side of his body where the parasite was attached, but the awful little creature must have seen this (or felt it going on) because it began to thrash against him, trying to tear away the mouthful of flesh. 
Jaysh tensed in one long spasm of pain, the ache in his pelvis so deep and debilitating that he wanted to roll over in the grass and retch until he expelled the paralyzing hurt from his body. With his teeth clenched and his back arched, however, there would be no retching in the grasses, and when he was finally able to force apart his jaws, it was not to expel food, but to fill his lungs.
With his new chestful of breath, he let out an air-rending scream that seemed to take on shape and fill the prairie. There was no grass here any longer, no melted monstrosities, no sky or stars. There was only his pain and his scream, the former serving as fuel for the latter, the two seeming to feed into one another as Jaysh lay there shaking and trembling and wishing he would die.
Let it pass, he begged, oh please, please, let it pass…
The pain did not pass, but it did subside, after a time. Jaysh didn’t remember how exactly (he couldn’t think clearly at the time), but the fact that he could think clearly now implied that something had happened. The scream, on the other hand, had passed. It had run its throat-shredding course and left him hollow and nauseated. He lay on the ground, limp in the grass, aware of his lungs gasping for air.
In the direction of his feet, the distant sound of rustling lit in his ears. He wondered if they had caught up with poor Zeph and were ripping her to pieces, two or three of them playing tug-of-war with the carcass. 
Picturing this, his thoughts went to the fiend locked around his own hip. He realized it was no longer thrashing against him or making that gurgling growl. He could hear the faint sound of wet growling far beyond his moccasins, in the east, but not at his side. 
With all the delicacy of a mother stroking her young, he lowered a hand to his waist. He didn’t want to touch the thing’s melted face, but if he’d fallen on the creature and broken its neck, he needed to know. He needed to pry the thing from his body. 
His fingers touched down and he felt cloth: the side of his pants, the bulge of his belt, the ruffled tail of his shirt. Beneath these, there was a forest-fire of pain radiating from his pelvis (and likely a semi-circle of bloody pinpricks shaped like a mouth), but above the fabric his attacker was not to be found.  
He puzzled over this for a time, wondering if the fiend had given up on the tougher fabric of his pants or had gone to gather reinforcements, but he was too relieved to care. The retching pain had left him and that was all that mattered. 
Although, if it had gone for reinforcements…
He propped himself on his arms and raised his head above the grasses. His eyes were watering and his neck was trembling, but he could still see the darkening prairie around him. He could tell right away it was no longer shivering with pale, melted forms.
He stopped searching the pasture and turned his head to the nightfall beyond his feet. There were stars overhead that would have told him he was staring into the east, but he knew this already. He’d seen the horizon in both directions and he could tell the difference between the graying twilight of the west and the impenetrable nightfall of the east. 
From out of that terrifying nightfall, he heard the rustling weeds and the gagging of phlegm-filled throats. There was another noise as well, much louder than the other two, but at first he did not believe his ears. 
It sounded like rock…like rock grinding on rock.
He held his breath to listen and lay there a bit longer. Now, the sound was unmistakable, the sound of someone fooling with a birdbath, the sound of a decorative stone basin spinning on a decorative stone plinth. But stone? Way out here in the Sway?
Too exhausted to shake his head or frown, he turned his face to the south and thought about the distance to the Devil’s Dome. There were three stories of stone down there—lots and lots of stone—but the Dome was over a league away, not to mention lying in the wrong direction. 
His thoughts went to the throbbing ache rising from his hip and he wondered if he were delusional from pain, if maybe he was suffering from shock and blood loss and his senses were playing games with him.
He turned back to the sound of grinding and thought he saw something move against the lightless horizon. He blinked at it, convinced the delusion had spread to his eyes, but there did appear to be something over there. 
It was sticking out of the vegetation right in the center of the gravely ruckus. He couldn’t say for sure it was stone—it was barely visible against the vacuous night—but he assumed it was stone. The rock-on-rock grinding was coming straight from the thing, and there was nothing else rising up in that direction.
Unable to tell much more, he wondered if it were possible for fourteen hands of stone to shove its way through the ground in a handful of moments. He couldn’t be positive (he’d been dodging a sea of biting faces as he’d run through the area), but he didn’t remember that stone being there before, and surely he’d remember something that large sticking out of the ground. 
He let his eyes fall to the blanket of thistle and weeds surrounding the obelisk, searching them for some explanation as to where the column had come, and saw movement against the night. It was faint, but it was there. 
He scrunched tight his eyelids, held the focus of his gaze in the one place, and then drew back from the sight. 
The movement was still faint in the distant gloom (he’d looked right over it on the first go, as he had with the pillar), but now it was all he could see. The grasses around the pillar were shivering as they had when Zeph first made her escape, only now it was worse. 
Now, the ugly creatures responsible for the shivering were erupting from reeds like hairless missiles, throwing themselves against the column of stone with no regard for their own personal wellbeing.
Jaysh thought back to his harrowing flight across the pasture, recalling the way these vicious fiends had ducked his thrusts and dodged his kicks and remembering as well the gelid feeling of despair that overcame him as he watched them evade his strikes.
None of that was happening, now. The hoard of melted creatures was behaving like a pack of lunatic dogs, hurtling themselves at the pillar with projectile-like force and paying no heed to the shattering of teeth or the rupturing of eyes. It was suicide, pure and simple. They were killing themselves against the pillar.
Jaysh leaned forward and took a better look, this time at the pillar. As bizarre as it was to see the melted things battering themselves silly against the obelisk, it was even more bizarre to realize the obelisk was moving. 
He didn’t know how it was possible, but possible or not that was what he was seeing. Due to some strange phenomenon beyond the woodsman’s comprehension, the inky cylinder appeared to be moving away from him, sliding snail-like into the east. 
He watched a moment more, realized what he was really looking at, and decided the idea of ambulation wasn’t so bizarre. He wasn’t looking at a simple pillar of stone, he decided, not with a bulge on top for a head and two black bars for its arms. 
As he watched, the kryst took hold of a melted biter attached to his side, pried its teeth from his crystalline body—producing the rock-on-rock grinding Jaysh had heard—and lifted it to the side. Very carefully, the kryst lifted its other hand, already gripping a biter by the midsection, and brought the two hands together.  
Grimacing at the effect, Jaysh watched as the two misshapen heads turned to mush in the kryst’s palms, the collision making a muffled crack in the cool dusky air, not unlike the cracking of eggs in a thick leather bag. 
Still lumbering into the east, the kryst dropped both biters in the Sway (dark and syrupy fluid still spilling from their skulls) and reached for its next two victims.
Jaysh slumped into the reeds.



Part Six: 

Unclean Places



Chapter 23

Jaysh lay in the grass and listened as the sounds of the Sway changed in his ears. He heard the gagging of melted biters slowly replaced by the sound of his own name whispered in the night, heard the scraping of teeth and stone gradually replaced by the sound of something rustling through the grasses, something weaving without purpose. 
“Here,” he groaned at last, his throat still sore from screaming. “I’m here.” 
There was a silence as Serit stood listening to the dark, then Jaysh heard the general whisper his name again, unable to locate the woodsman on the first attempt. This went on for several more moments—a heated, “Young Jaysh,” followed shortly by a somewhat disinterested, “Here.”—but eventually Jaysh was peering up through the reeds at the black oval of Serit’s face. 
Jaysh studied the thick bars of the general’s mustache flanking the gaunt outline of his head. He waited for the old man to spy the gap in the weeds where he lay. 
“I hear you,” Serit said, his head now motionless against the night, “but I cannot see you. Can you call out once mo—”
“This is me,” Jaysh said, and tapped the side of the general’s boot. 
Serit made a girlish wail and shambled backwards several steps, not so far that Jaysh couldn’t see him, but far enough to evade any further tapping. When he’d finally composed himself, the black oval of his face came a little closer. 
“Why are you lying down?” Serit asked, the outline of his head trembling against the lighter hues of the sky. “Have you been injured?” 
“Li’le bit,” Jaysh said, and listened as the general sucked air between his teeth.
“Oh, young Jaysh,” Serit moaned, sounding like a mourner at the bed of the dying. “Oh, I knew this would happen.” He pushed a skein of grass to one side and entered the body-shaped depression. “Is it serious?” 
Thinking back to his failed attempts at regurgitation when the pain was at its worst, Jaysh said, “I s’pose so.” 
Serit squatted down beside him. “Ohhh, young Jaysh,” he moaned. “Oh, what are we going to—” the whining broke off and he exhaled sharply. “It will be okay. We can do this. We can. We’ll have a look, a quick look…,” he seemed to remember his infamous skittishness around blood, “…make certain the affected area hasn’t, um…that you haven’t, eh…,” he trailed off again, whimpering softly, “…but before I do, why don’t you tell me what happened…exactly?”
Jaysh did not answer right away. He waited to see if the old man would pass out. When the old man did not, he said, “You member that thing we saw moseyin up the hill?” 
The outline of Serit’s head nodded. 
“You hear them others come out of the east when it called to em?” 
The head nodded again. “I believe so.” 
“Well,” Jaysh said, “one of them things up’n bit me.” He glanced down at the darkness of his side and stared at the place where the pain had begun to throb like a heartbeat. “On the hip.” 
The scarecrow outline with the massive mustache radiated silence for a time, then said, “I heard the commotion when you left, the running, the shouting further on…,” he seemed to have more to say, but only stood there, staring. “I assumed you escaped unharmed.”
 Jaysh shook his head. “Nope.”
“I see,” Serit said, and slowly began hyperventilating, his hairy lips once more mumbling about how they could do this and how they had to be strong and how they needed to remain focused on the task at hand.
Jaysh opened his mouth to tell the old worrywart that he was making a mountain out of a molehill, but stayed his tongue as he watched the general lay a pack and bedroll in the weeds beside him. He glanced up at the dark humps on the general’s back, down at the gear in the weeds, and allowed the powers of deduction to run rampant. 
“Them mine?” he asked, flicking a finger at the gear beside him. 
“Yes,” Serit said, now wrestling his boots and calf muscles beneath his body. “I picked them up as I left my concealment. I had absolutely no intention of returning for them.” He wriggled his knees a little more then lifted his hands in the air between them. “Where are you hurt?”
Jaysh didn’t say. He lay there in the feather grass and stared dazedly at the old man, still trying to cope with the fact that Serit had gathered up his things and still wondering why the squeamish old coot would try to examine a wound he obviously didn’t want to see. 
“Young Jaysh?” Serit asked, sensing the tension forming between them. He lowered his hands to his side. 
 Holding very still, Jaysh said, “I think I’m ah’right.”
Serit’s silhouette jerked back from him. “But… But you said you were injured?” 
“Yeah,” Jaysh said, thinking he’d rather take a bath in worm-ridden dog manure than let Serit lay a hand on him. “I’ll get it.” 
The black of the old man’s head appeared to be studying him. “If that is what you prefer,” he said. “But if you need any assistance at all, young Jaysh—and I do mean any—please do not hesitate to ask. I’m right here.” The outline of his head was nodding. “We cannot afford for you to contract blood-rot.”
Pulling his pack towards him, Jaysh paused to shoot a glance at the general. “No,” he said. “Wou’nt want that.” 
“No we would not,” Serit agreed, the outline of his head tilting towards the pack. “Do you have everything you need? Bandages? Clean water? Cauva root?”
Jaysh pulled out an old rag he used to clean the guts off his skinning knife and arrows, then a bladder of water and a tin of keeper’s salve. Setting them on the ground, only half-listening to the old man, he said, “Uh-huh.” 
Serit’s head tipped back and appeared to assess the night sky. “Now, young Jaysh, naturally you won’t be able to see the afflicted area—and I strongly advise against a fire considering what it might attract—so please be thorough, while disinfecting I mean.” His head nodded. “A secure bandage is in order as well, I’m afraid. That’s how the blood-rot begins…foreign contaminants.”
“Huh,” Jaysh grunted, untying his belt and rolling onto his side. With his right hip elevated, he pulled the waist of his pants to his upper thigh and exposed his flesh. Next, he untied the water skin and poured some of the contents over the aching half-moon of his wound. 
“Ahhheeei,” he cried, knowing he was breaking their cover but unable to stop himself. The fluid entered the wounds and made them feel as though the needles had come back.
“What? What is it?” Serit hands were up and ready to probe.
“Nothin,” Jaysh said, speaking in an octave above normal. He let himself breathe for a while, then said, “Burned a little.” 
The black shape of Serit’s head considered this in silence. “Do you think it’s clean?” he asked, lowering his left hand and keeping the right where it was. “It didn’t sound like enough water for a thorough cleansing, and it needs to be thorough, young Jaysh.”
When his muscles relaxed enough for him to extend his arms, Jaysh tied the mouth of the bladder and set it in his pack. 
“It’s clean,” he said, and opened the tin of salve. 
Serit cleared his ample throat. “Young Jaysh, I don’t think you fully appre—”
“It’s clean,” Jaysh said, scooping out two fingers of slave and dabbing it onto his stinging hip with all the delicacy of a man testing the door to a cook stove.
Serit cleared his throat again, a quick and offended sound. “You need plenty of salve on the affected area,” he said, the shape of his head tilted at the blackness around Jaysh’s naked buttocks. “Do you want me to—” 
“Here,” Jaysh said, handing him first the salve tin, then the lid. “Why doan’ yeh put that back on?” 
Serit body language suggested that he had been handed a child’s play thing and asked to explain its use, but he hid any petulance he was feeling as he said, “As you wish, young Jaysh. But if you change your—”
“You can put it in the pack when yer through,” Jaysh snapped. 
Slipping the tin inside the pack, Serit said, “I can help with the ban—”
“The water, too,” Jaysh said, tossing the skin at him. He waited for Serit to make another inappropriate remark, but the old man took the bladder as he was bid, slid it inside the pack with the keeper’s salve, and sat there quietly while Jaysh tore the gut-rag into strips and tied it around his hip. It was not until Jaysh had finished and was pulling his pants back on that the blissful silence was ended. 
Watching him tie his belt in a knot, Serit cleared his throat and said, “Once we are on our way and moving through the prairie, I want you to use me when the need arises. Should you experience any difficult with the terrain—lose your balance, trip in the reeds,” he shook his head to imply there was no need too great, “—I want you to use my shoulder for support.”
Jaysh stopped tying his belt and frowned at the general. There it was again, that uncharacteristic philanthropy from a man whose best friends were gathering dust on the many shelves of his bed chamber. It was like watching a tom cat try to whistle. 
“Think I’m good,” he said, lowering his head to the knot.  
“But I…,” Serit began, trailing off and sounding as though he’d been punched. “Young Jaysh, I heard the sounds you made while dressing your wound. You are obviously in pain. I am only saying that, should you experience any difficulty along the way,” he gestured to the scrawny jut beside his neck, “my shoulder is here for the taking.” He gestured now to the Sway. “This section of the kingdom, as you know, is nothing but inclines and burrows and,” he sighed wearily, “leagues of tiresome grass.”
Jaysh finished the knot and grabbed his pack. “I thank yeh fer it,” he said, slinging the pack and bed roll over his back and rolling onto his left knee, “but I’ll be ah’right.” 
With that, he crawled atop his feet, shifted the weight of his gear to his good hip, and slid his right foot out in front of him. He applied weight to the right side of his body and his hip felt as though it were being bit once more. 
“Young Jaysh!” Serit screamed, grabbing the woodsman by the pack and taking the weight from his shoulder. He waited for the woodsman to relax his body and start breathing, then said, “How bad is it?” 
Jaysh swiveled on his left leg, his good leg, and fixed the old man with a glare that the shadows of nightfall would never allow Serit to see. “How about you stay close?” he said, and turned back around. 
Needless to say, Jaysh’s progress through the Sway was slow going at best, each rise in the soil shoving his leg at his hip, every tangle in the weeds tugging it back down. It felt as though he were engaged in a high-stakes game of tug-o-war with the vegetation, and the vegetation was winning. 
After a time, he had Serit dig the cauva root from his pack (something he had not needed until he’d tried walking) and that had helped. Cauva root was an amazing herb. It worked like vine in the woodsman’s system, only the other way around. Instead of revving him up and making him go, the cauva deadened his body from head to toe and made his brain feel sleepy. 
The root also dulled the Jaysh’s inhibitions, but he wasn’t aware of this third side effect. He didn’t use it enough to recognize the hazy pall of indifference that fell atop him. 
Unlike the vine, which was in his cheek most of the day, he’d only used cauva two times in his life: once when he’d slipped on loose stones in the Kilashan and busted his head on a boulder, and once when he’d twisted his ankle in the Shun and the blasted thing swelled up on him to the size of a melon. 
What Jaysh did recognize was that he was taking advantage of Serit’s shoulder with greater and greater frequency and not even worrying about how awkward it felt. He wasn’t grimacing as he braced his weight against the old man, wasn’t feeling cold and sick in the pit of his stomach, wasn’t wiping his hand on his shirt afterward to get the feel of flesh from his palm. 
He couldn’t explain it—didn’t care enough to explain it—but all of a sudden touching wasn’t so bad. It was almost like physical contact with another human being was okay. 
He made a mental note to give this more thought in the morning, after they’d reached their destination and had a good night’s rest, because right now he was having no end of trouble making deductions. 
His thoughts were like misshapen things hiding in the fog. He could see them out there in the thick of his mind, ethereal images floating in the mist, but they never came near. 
That was a shame really, because it seemed like there were several items of business in need to his attention, items of business like the fate of the kingdom and everything he held dear. It seemed like these items had something to do with the place he and Serit were travelling, but he couldn’t remember that either.
He was still stewing over these missing items when his moccasins met with another gradual rise and he found himself reaching for Serit’s knobby shoulder. It was a chain of events, actually; the increased exertion placed on the leg, the muscles in the leg straining the hip, the wounds in the hip stinging like fire.
“Nnngh,” he moaned, sinking fingers in the general’s shoulder.
“Almost there, young Jaysh,” Serit said, using that deplorable caretaker-tone. “Almost at the top,” he added, breathing heavily now that Jaysh was leaning on him.  
At the top, Jaysh took a moment to position his legs beneath his body and released his hold on the old man’s shoulder. Then, while Serit waited for his lungs to stop heaving, the woodsman gave him a long and appraising look from the corner of one eye. 
Serit, Jaysh was afraid, had become one of the many items of business upon which he needed to reflect. This old man was acting like someone who cared about other human beings, and the General Branmore Jaysh knew only cared about human beings once they were dead and gone and he could drone on and on about what they’d done and where they’d lived and how they’d impacted other dead human beings from the same era.
Jaysh resumed walking, but continued to monitor his partner’s behavior, secretly gauging the general’s energy as he scurried through the weeds and quietly evaluating his mood as he offered to shoulder Jaysh here or test the ground for him there. It wasn’t until they had cross two more hillsides that the light of understanding flared to life in his mind. 
He thinks we’re goin’ north, he thought. He thinks we’re goin’ home. 
Jaysh found himself thinking about his erudite companion’s emergence from the blind. Serit had admitted to coming out after the yelling and fighting. He must have come out hopelessly disoriented as well. Because had he known they were travelling east instead of north, Jaysh doubted very strongly that Serit would have been so eager to get there. 
To be honest, the woodsman had his own misgivings about where they were going. He was acutely aware of whom he was with and how they were armed and he knew perfectly well about the eerie terrain into which they travelled…but what was he to do? 
A move towards the horses in the north was not without its own risks. He had no way of knowing the horses hadn’t been slaughtered and the reeds to the north weren’t teeming with biters. The north had been the direction where Mister Whitehead emerged. 
The kryst went east, he thought flatly, an’ we got no chance without it. 
Ahead of him, Jaysh watched the pitch black of the land sloping up against the softer black of the sky. He reached beside him for the old man’s shoulder, so enveloped by the effects of the cauva that he didn’t even think about how this had bothered him. He merely grabbed the elderly fellow about the arm and began using him like the rail in a staircase. 
“Yes,” Serit said, already panting. “This one appears rather steep.” 
You got that right, Jaysh thought, gritting his teeth against the pain. 
“This might be,” Serit said, pausing to suck at the air, “the steepest one yet.” 
Jaysh would have agreed, but his teeth were fused shut.
“Young Jaysh,” Serit said, now gasping for breath like a drowning man, “I may need a bit of a rest…at the top of thi—”
Jaysh felt Serit’s shoulder jerk to a halt and lifted his head, the deep stinging sensation in his pelvis completely forgotten. The old man beside him had become an inky pillar in the reeds, his body ramrod straight and his panting suddenly gone. 
Jaysh couldn’t see the old man’s face in the gloom, but he didn’t need to. He knew what he was looking at. 
It was the thing up ahead of them, the thing that looked like a wall of black cotton sliding sideways across the pasture.



Chapter 24

Brine pushed his hand through the next curtain of tongues and felt nothing but air. He stood there for a moment, groping at the darkness and moving his hand back and forth, but his fingers continued to meet only the night. 
Another clearing, he thought, experiencing only a minor pang of dread as he leaned forward and chased his arm through the thicket. As much as he hated the feel of the tendrils on his face and neck, he had learned to hate the clearings even more. They simply were not safe. 
Brine had realized this after cutting through the fifth or sixth opening in the lesser boles. By that time, he had lost his initial head of steam and was no longer running. His pace was little more than a brisk walk and he had ample time to reflect upon the precarious nature of the clearings; Namely, the complete lack of cover.
In the pitch blackness of the clearings, there weren’t any tongues or boles or lesser boles to hide his movements. There was only him and his elderly companion stumbling through the gloom, his hands thrust out before him, his heart banging in his chest. 
Brine stilled his movement in the tongues and listened to the sound of a human voice drifting through the boles. It was so faint, so diffuse with space, that it sounded like a whisper, and had Brine not heard the sound up close (on several occasions and from several different throats), he might have thought it was a whisper. 
The faraway sound faded to silence, then resumed in a stutter, the unmistakable sound of someone moaning in pain.  
See, he told himself, feeling better about his chances. He’s still out there. Still alive. 
As grisly as the screams were (and they were grisly, truly blood-curdling), they did not register in Brine’s ears on an emotional level. They were audible stimuli to be processed and interpreted and ultimately used. In this instance, they were the used to measure time, the equivalent of a human hourglass hissing in the distance.
He listened a moment more—there were no prizes for being first, especially if the bole-beast had a friend—and pushed his head through the last of the tendrils. The limp warm curtain slumped to either side of his cheeks and ears and his eyes bulged at what they saw. 
The empty space on the other side of the curtain was much larger than any he’d encountered, much, much larger. In fact, by definition alone, the area beyond the tongues could not be considered a clearing. A clearing implied that flora was the norm and that an absence of flora was occurring, but there wasn’t any flora beyond the tongues, not this time.  
Brine panned his head from one side to the other and gaped at the emptiness before him. It stretched as far into the distance as his eyes could see, and knowing his blasted eyes, it actually reached much farther than that, nothing but flat black sands and wide black skies. 
Cautiously, not wanting to jinx this provision from God (what else could this be?), Brine lifted his gaze to the sheet of silky midnight and blinked at the twinkling stars. 
I can see, he thought. I can actually see.
He might have smiled at this, but his face was still numb with shock. Instead, he stood gawking like a fool and wondering when it was he had been so pleased to see one of his Maker’s creations. 
He supposed there could have been such a time, way back when he was a child and discovering the wonders of the constellations for the first time, or maybe when he’d first arrived at Valley Rock and he and Miriana used to sneak into the cool of the desert with their warm smiles and trusting hearts…but he doubted it. 
He began to wriggle against the tendrils, eager to push his way through to the safety beyond, and then stopped. He was struck suddenly by a single paralyzing thought: Where exactly had this virtual oasis come from?
He remembered clearly the stories Reets had told, the blood-drenched tales about trackers and hunters dragging their naked forms from boles of the Harriun. He remembered, as well, the maps from the royal library. Neither of these made reference to a vast clearing in the middle of the wilderness. 
He frowned at the place and gradually drew back. Perhaps the boles that once grew here had withered and died, but more than likely the human accounts of the region were simply in error. 
Seeing how no cartographer had ever set foot in the Harriun—scribing their impressions of the wilderness from their journey along its rim—the interior details would have come from the handful of survivors who’d crawled their way free, and if they had never made it this far…
They would have never seen! 
This thought was, quite possibly, the most enlightening and depressing that Brine had ever experienced. He (Brine the Book-Smart, A.K.A. Brine the Learned) was now standing somewhere that no other living human had ever stood.
He cast another look around the smooth and flat of the desolate sands, his puzzled frown becoming a grimace. All of a sudden, he wanted to find the Lathians. 
He began to wriggle through the tongues once more and again came to a breathless stop, another nerve-wracking thought hammering at his brain: What if the Lathians weren’t up here? What if they had veered east or west as Brine and Godfry ran due north? What if they’d been killed? 
Brine shrank back inside the tongues. He and Godfry had lost track of the mercenaries a league or so back. He had no reason to believe they were up here now. He hadn’t been able to hear them over the pummeling of the tongues against his head and he wasn’t able to see them through the gathering gloom of nightfall. He had run, and run hard, and he had not spared a lot of time worrying about their guides.
Until now.
He glanced in the direction of his sandals and wondered if he should search the ground for boot-prints in the sand. Back when the screaming and running began, that idea had never occurred to him. That idea had been swallowed whole by the raw panic that gripped his body.  
If I did that now, he wondered, thinking back to his sightless trek through the Harriun, I wouldn’t be able to see anything. And even if I could, he added, I’d have to backtrack to where we’d split from the main group. 
He half-turned and pretended to look behind him to the south. Was he really going to march back into the lightless terrain of the creature he had fled? 
He turned back to the mini-desert and decided he was not. Whatever awaited him up ahead, it could be no worse than the nightmare he’d left behind. But just to be sure, he ran his eyes along the sands one more time. 
Before him, the bole line on his right, slightly darker than the twinkling skyline, ran in a straight line as far as his ruined eyes could see. The rim on his left, however, bowed up to the north like the edge of a great black lake. He followed the bole-line for a time, realized it was doing him no good, and shifted his eyes to the center of the desert. It was there he made his find. 
The thing in the middle of the sand looked like an enormous upside-down spike, the flat of the thing resting on the horizon, the tip of the thing rising to poke the sky. Brine guessed there were details to the landmark, but he could not see them. To him, it was just an inverted cone of darkness silhouetted against the stars. 
He scrunched up his face at the base of the spire (it sort of looked like a spire, like those atop the towers of Castle Arn) and searched the surrounding sands for the rest of his party. 
He didn’t see anyone to either side, no tiny black specks outlined by the lighter darkness of the sky, but that didn’t mean they weren’t there. If he gave up on finding something every time his eyes told him it wasn’t there, he’d never get anywhere in life. 
They’re there, he told himself. They’re there. I just need to get closer. 
He began to wriggle through the tongues for a third and final time and was aware of a tingling along his spine. He ignored the sensation and chalked it up to a battle of wills between two sections of his brain: His forebrain driving him to the pinnacle in the distance and his hind brain reminding him that he’d be an easy target once he left the boles. 
Endeavoring to assist the forebrain, Brine told his hind brain that the real reason for his survival had nothing to do with cover and everything to do with Owndiah. 
 It was an outright miracle that Brine and Godfry had not been taken. They were, no doubt about it, the slowest members of the Leresh Company, maybe the slowest members of the human race. He could remember sprinting through the tongues and lesser boles (Godfry’s sleeve clutched tightly in hand) and thinking, We’re next! We’re next! It’s going to take us next! 
By all accounts, they should have been. The monster had been snatching men ever since the flight began, streaking out of the boles to either side, slamming into them like a blob of black tar—Brine still hadn’t managed to glean any physical details other than shape—and then carrying them up the trunks. 
As startling as the process was, Brine always felt a selfish sense of relief each time it was over. He, like the rest of the fleeing men, had picked up on the creature’s pattern: A man was plucked from the herd and dragged into the canopy, that man screamed bloody-murder for a time and went still, the pattern began anew. 
Brine didn’t know if the bole-beast was skinning them alive or chewing off their hands, but it didn’t really matter. All that mattered was the squealing. So long as there was squealing, he and Godfry were safe. 
Brine made another involuntary pause and waited until he could hear the distant, airy shrieks of the latest victim. They were still there—still grating on his nerves like an onion grater on the backs of his hands—so he drew a deep breath and pushed ahead. 
On the other side, he made another quick look to the spire for meandering black specks, then shoved his arm back through the tongues. He felt around for a time, padding his way from tentacle to trunk and back again, then finally met with a swell of crinkly facial hair. He moved his hand to the left of the beard and grabbed the fabric of Godfry’s robes. 
He gave the fabric a yank and Godfry emerged from the flora, straightening his robes and brushing his beard against his chest. 
Brine craned his head in the direction of the screams and tried to determine how much vitality the screamer had. It was difficult to say at this distance, but he didn’t think the man would last until they reached the pinnacle to the north. 
“Come on,” he whispered, turning to the flat and sandy landscape. “We have to hurry.”
Taking no notice of the admonition (or simply not hearing it), Godfry lifted his bushy head and panned it very slowly from one side of the moon-bathed sands to the other. Even in the darkness, Brine could see his eyes swelling with delight. 
“Oh, thank goodness,” the old man said, his tone almost reverent. “I couldn’t have done with much more of that.” He raised his walking stick and scratched it against his chin.
Brine grabbed him by the sleeve and began leading him across the miniature desert. “We’re not out of the Harriun,” he whispered. 
Behind him, stumbling along at the end of his aching fingers, Godfry said, “What’s that, now?” 
“The Dead Lands are a three days walk through the Harriun,” Brine said, quoting some statistic he’d once read. No one had ever traveled through the Harriun, but plenty had traveled around it. Most of these adventurers had been titans, but their journals were reliable. “I don’t know what this is,” he continued, “but it isn’t the Dead Lands.”
Godfry staggered on for a time—Brine could practically hear the wrinkles on his face scrunching as he processed—then said, “Not the Dead Lands, you say?” 
Brine studied the flat of the horizon on either side of the needle-like structure. He still didn’t see any dots milling about the thing, or even the orange flare of a campfire, but he knew the Lathians had to be there. 
“No,” he said, his voice flat as he spoke. “This is not the Dead Lands.” His pace slowed as he thought he spied a flicker of movement to the left of the spire, then picked back up as the flicker refused to return. “I think it’s a provision.” 
Godfry considered this, then said, “So more walking?” 
A little irritated that his teacher had not agreed with his provision theory, or even seemed the least bit interested in it, Brine said, “Yes,” and this time without a whisper. 
Godfry said nothing for a time, his crunching footfalls across the sand the only sounds he made, though his very aura radiated disappointment and gloom.
“What about that tower?” he asked. “Could we stop there for a lie down?” 
Brine brought his querulous gaze to the thin triangle in the distance. He opened his mouth to speak, to tell the old man that they were indeed traveling to the north and that a lie down was a distinct possibility, then changed his mind at the last moment and said, “It’s not a tower.”
Godfry made a despairing throat noise, his respiration turning ragged. “What is it, do you think?”  
Brine paused in his search for the Lathians he could not see and gave the pinnacle another curt appraisal. He was still too achy and annoyed to care about the structure, but at the same time, the closer he came to the anomaly, the more he felt a glimmer of awe trying to work its way through those uglier sensations.  
What is it, indeed? he thought.
At first glance, he had thought it to be a mountain of sorts, a spear of basalt tearing free of the sands and thrusting at the night. Now, he was not so sure. Now, he thought it looked strikingly similar to the tapered steeples of a pagan temple, those he had seen in the deserts to the south. There was something manmade about the thing, something about it that just screamed, Hewn from stone! 
“Looks like a spur to me,” he said, sounding uncertain. “A rock spur, perhaps.”
“Rock spur, you say?”
“Perhaps,” Brine muttered, feeling an unexplained chill in his bowels, the same kind he felt when staring at vacant buildings and seeing movement in the windows. He lowered his eyes from the structure and focused on the nearly imperceptible sands beneath his feet. 
“Not a tower,” Godfry said, his words lacking inflection, his tone sounding perplexed. “If it’s not a tower…,” he trailed off and panted heavily at the night, “…what do you suppose is moving around the bottom?” 
Brine jerked his head up and stared at the base of the spur. 
“…do you…do see them, Sam’s boy?” Godfry paused to suck wind. “…around the bottom there…?” 
Brine did see them, scurrying black dot appearing momentarily on the horizon, then disappearing as you would expect them to, disappearing in the way that things do when they move below the softer dark of the skyline or behind the concealing black of the pinnacle. 
Despite the haggard sounds of respiration he heard coming from behind, Brine began to trot towards the movement, his lips mumbling, “Oh, please, please, please…” 
As it turned out, the miniscule silhouettes were the missing Lathians. Brine could hear them cursing each other in the distance and, every now and then, he could smell the stink of vine-spit in the sand. 
Brine might have been happier about this, but it also turned out that the sprawl of sand was much larger than first perceived. Perhaps it was the darkness skewing his perspective or perhaps it was the thudding of his heart drawing blood from his brain, but the area appeared much greater from the middle looking out than it did from the rim looking in. 
Thankfully, the Lathians didn’t appear to be going anywhere. They were milling around the spur, but not away from it, scouring its base and climbing it in places, pointing here and there along the rocks, engaging in heated conversations with their colleagues. 
Brine was not privy to much of these conversations, not with his own gasps filling his ears, but from what he could hear of the shouted phrases it sounded as though the Lathians were blaming one another for not finding the hidden quarry. This he gathered from all the shouting and shoving and cursing of one’s mother. 
Brine continued to run, but he was no longer confident that joining the mercenaries was his best move. There was quite a bit of animosity being exchanged between them.  
 He counted the growing specks, now more figures than specks, and it occurred to him that they were not only searching for something, but holding down a perimeter. They were sweeping up the side of the spur and around the back, but never moving too far into the desert.  
Brine’s blurry gaze began drifting to the east and to the west, the icy centipede on his spine beginning to wriggle anew. What did the Lathians know about this place that he did not? Better yet, what had they seen in these sands to make them cling so closely to the spur?
His thoughts rushed back the tales from youth and he decided that whatever it was couldn’t be good, and since he and Godfry were armed with a wooden flute and paper Wogol, any interaction they had with the thing was sure to be brief and unpleasant. 
Ahead of him, from various parts of the towering spire, the fighting men of Lathia ceased their petty quarrels and began screaming at the night. 
“South!” they cried. “South side! Somethin’s comin’ on the south!” 
Brine tried to shout back, tried telling them that it was only him and his elderly teacher and that they would be no trouble at all now that they were both on their last leg, but his lungs refused the command, his mouth a-gape and his eyes leaking tears. 
“Hold,” someone cried. “Hold up.” 
Someone else, someone on the right side of the spire, cried out, “It’s the Jashians.” 
That’s right, he thought, forcing one foot in front of the other. That’s right. It’s just the Jashians. No need to kill them. 
Brine watched the lumpy masses on either side of the spire slowing their blistering sprint. Now, that the aberration had been identified as the annoying Jashians, and not a pernicious organism, it was back to ignoring them again. 
Only that didn’t happen this. 
As some of the men returned to the spur, Brine saw a few were still coming towards him.



Chapter 25

Out of all the Hunt Days and Scout Days that Jaysh had ever experienced, only two had taken him near the Bottoms. The first time, he’d run across something that scared him half to death and kept him up for most of the night, but the second time wasn’t so bad. The second time, he’d actually come across something of value. 
Despite the valuable find, though, two visits was all it took for Jaysh to decide he never wanted to return. There was just something about the place that made his stomach float; like the way the ground sloped into oblivion and appeared to be eating itself, or the way the fog spun in circles like the coils of a snake. 
If possible, visiting the Bottoms at night was even worse.
Jaysh turned to speak with Serit, to alleviate the old man’s concerns and put his mind at ease, but taking one look at the general’s petrified face, he quickly let the matter go. For now, at least, there was no reaching him. 
“I’ll be back,” he said, and began hobbling towards the fog. He limped a few paces and glanced over his shoulder. Serit’s silhouette was right where he left it. The historian’s arm might have come up before his chest (allowing him to gnaw his fingers or brush at the place where his medals had once hung)—but otherwise he appeared unchanged. 
Good, Jaysh thought, turning back around and feeling better about his task. Considering where he was going and what he meant to do, he had no time to worry about some skittish old man grabbing his arm or screaming in his ear. He needed to find the kryst and he needed to find it fast.
He took his eyes from the fog and tried to monitor the slope of the hill. Neither of them was doing him any favors. The angle of the hill was increasing with every step—and applying more pressure to wounds on his hip—and the density of the fog appeared to be growing more opaque the closer he came.
Jaysh paused in his descent and gave the scudding curtain of fog and long and appraising look. He was within ten paces of the stuff and it appeared as dense as ever, like one side of an enormous gray box. 
He puzzled over this and wondered if the absence of sunlight were to blame. He’d never seen the place at night—by glow of moon and by twinkle of star—so perhaps that accounted for the difference. 
Or maybe the stuff you think to be fog, isn’t really fog. Maybe it’s them evil spirits the disciples from the temples used—
He stopped that line of thought and gave his head a little shake. The bank of sweeping fog was not the disembodied remains of the unbelieving dead. Neither was it the concentrated evil of Sira’s loyal minion. His eyes were just having trouble adjusting.  
He cocked his head to the side and listened for the splat of feet slopping through the mud or the scrape of teeth raking across stone or the crack of skulls banging off each other. He heard none of those sounds. 
He took a breath and scratched his nose. If he didn’t know any better, he would have thought this was the entrance to the Kilashan caves and he was hearing the sound of rocks not moving or of shadows congealing to gloom. He stopped listened and straightened his head. 
Unfortunately for him, though, he did know better. A lot better. 
His thoughts went back to the first time he had visited the Bottoms, that sweltering summer day almost eight ages in his past. He remembered standing hip-deep in the reeds roughly half-a-league to the west, a bright yellow ball hovering overhead.
Later that night, as he washed the back of his neck with a rag, he would realize how badly he’d been burned. At the time, though, he paid the tingling no mind. He was too busy staring at the blood on the ground. 
Thinking back now, he thought the animal had been a goat, though he couldn’t say why. Maybe he’d found a horn in the briars, or maybe a hoof print in the mud, but to be honest all he remembered for sure was the blood. There had been a lot of it. 
As for the predator, Jaysh had found a set of prints pressed deep into the ground. The spacing between the prints was wide, implying the killer had been at full sprint. They led out of the pastures to the east, stopped where goat had been violently devoured, and then sprinted back the way they’d come. 
Jaysh found the killer’s haste to be somewhat disturbing, the way it raced in and out and made short work of its prey, but what bothered him most were the creature’s tracks. The forelegs ended in paws (as one would expect), but the hind legs ended in hooves. 
Jaysh had followed the killer’s trail to the east, his intrigue on the rise, and found the animal’s genesis and terminus to be the muddy depression where he now stood. 
So maybe you cain’t hear it or see it, he thought, but you know it’s in there. 
He ran his eyes along the face of the fog in another cautious, yet fruitless circuit. It wasn’t thinning, despite his best wishes, so he eased himself down on one knee and searched the ground for footprints. 
He found them in no time at all, a series of rounded rectangles pressed into the soil, unique in that they were twice as wide as a human foot and without the addition of toes. 
From behind him, recognizing the behavior for what it was, Serit said, “Oh, young Jaysh, please tell me the kryst didn’t enter.” 
Ah’right, Jaysh thought, and located another of the statue’s massive foot-holes, following it down the slope. 
“Young Jaysh?” 
Still slipping along, Jaysh wedged the heel of his foot in the next print and said, “Uh-huh.” 
“Is it in there?”
Speaking softly, as though whispering to the fog, Jaysh said, “Yeah.” 
Serit released a low groaning sigh and began brushing at his chest, an act that would normally have resulted in Jaysh telling him to be quiet, but at the moment resulted in no response at all. The woodsman was searching for the place on the slope where the grasses ended and the mud began. He probed his foot a little farther.  
Seeing this, Serit said, “Young Jaysh, that doesn’t look safe.” 
With both eyes fastened to the tip of his moccasin, Jaysh said, “It is.” 
Serit sighed, disappointedly. “Young Jaysh, before you go further I should tell you that my first encounter with the Bottoms involved a whole battalion of men—good men—and that nearly half of them were slain before the encounter had ended.” 
Jaysh said nothing, only slipped his heel a little further down the slope. 
“We were sent to vanquish a blood imp feeding on the royal livestock,” Serit continued. “You should know that we were unable to slay the beast, only drive it from the Sway, and it cost me half a battalion of men.”
Beneath Jaysh’s heel, the grass was slowly thinning. 
“What you’re doing there,” Serit said, “no good can come of it. None whatsoever. Which is why every king and—” 
Jaysh stopped his descent and craned his head over his shoulder. “What was that?”
“I said,” the general repeated, enunciating each syllable and word, “nothing good had ever come of the place.” 
Jaysh stared at him, his mind brooding and his jaw working. “Yeh sure bout that?” 
“I am quite sure, young Jaysh.” Serit’s silhouette raised a finger and shook it. “The Bottoms is nothing but a portal to the banned.” 
Jaysh chewed his vine pulp as he considered this, then nodded his head, more to show he’d heard the old man, than to imply he agreed with him. 
He turned his attention to the hillside and said, “Banned, huh.” 
“Yes,” Serit said. “Banned. As in banned from Glory. The souls of the wicked. The minion of Sira. Is any of this ringing a bell?”
Scooting the toe of his moccasin down the slope, Jaysh said, “Maybe. But what makes yeh so sure noth—” 
His moccasins met with the mud he’d been waiting for and he went sprawling like a newborn foal. There was a moment where he saw the grass racing past and the mists coming on and then he saw nothing as he rolled onto his belly and made a grab for the reeds. He caught hold of them and they tore loose of the soil, allowing him to slip further down the embankment. 
He forced his limbs into a spread-eagle position and stiffened every muscle in his body. He could feel himself sinking in the muck, could feel the muck mounding below his arms, and then he was stopping beside the fog. 
Above him, Serit was screaming.
“Young Jaysh! Young Jaysh, are you all right?” 
Rolling his injured hip into the air and speaking through clenched teeth, Jaysh said, “So how come is it…,” he rolled onto his back, testing the position of his feet, “…that you think nothing good come out’a here?”
“Young Jaysh,” Serit said, “can we please discuss this later?”
Jaysh took the pressure off his heels and palms, slid three body-lengths down the slope, and dug his heels back into the mud. 
Stopping just shy of the mist, he said, “No one ever go in here?” 
Sounding more than exasperated, Serit said, “Of course no one’s gone in!—Please!—Young Jaysh, I need for you to climb back…” 
Serit’s whining admonishment carried on somewhere above him, but it only registered as background noise in Jaysh’s ears. His full attention was now fixed on the black shroud sucking at his ears. He couldn’t have listened to the old man if he tried.
He rose to a sitting position, tested his footing in the mud, and gave his left hand a healthy shake in the air, flinging the muck all over then wiping the fingers on the side of his shirt. 
With a relatively clean hand, he leaned forward and pressed his fingers to the place where airy blackness met heavy blackness.
“Young Jaysh,” Serit warned, his voice reasserting itself in the woodsman’s ears. “Young Jaysh, I wouldn’t—” and then his words seized in his throat as the dark outline of the woodsman’s fingers vanish in the fog. 
Jaysh stared at the place in the fog where they should have been and could not see them. He moved them about and still they were lost. As far as his eyes were concerned, he’d submerged his hand in the vertical equivalent of an oil bucket.
From atop the slope, Serit whimpered at the night.
Jaysh wriggled his fingers and felt the mist swishing around them. The air on the other side felt thicker than the air around him, colder too, and a litter moister.
“It doan’ hurt none,” Jaysh said, cutting grooves in the mist.
“That is hardly the point,” Serit hissed. “Owndiah knows what you’re attracting on the other side. That might be the equivalent of dangling bait in a pond.”
The analogy resonated with the woodsman and he drew back his fingers, holding them up and staring at them. They didn’t look any different—not in the dark, at least—but they did feel cooler. He pressed them to the beardless part of his cheek, to get a better idea of just how cold, and was shocked to find they felt no different. Damp with mud, but no colder than his face.
He pulled his fingers away and stared at them, then shook them. The sensation of cold was fading slowly, but to some degree it was still there, the sort of chill he associated with rainy days in the latter cycles of harvest. 
“What’s wrong?” Serit asked.
“Nothin,” Jaysh said, testing his footing to make sure his heels were planted firmly in the sludge. 
“What did it do?” Serit asked.
Jaysh stood to his feet, made certain his left foot would hold, and then lifted his right. He waited to find his balance then sank it in the fog. 
From up the slope, he heard a string of excited, no’s, coming from the general, but he only half-heard them. It was difficult to pay attention to anything with that all-encompassing cold seeping through his pants and permeating his flesh.
He extracted his leg and set it back down. It felt the same as his fingers, the same penetrating iciness sinking down deep and leaving his skin to warm. What that meant, he still didn’t know, but at least it didn’t hurt…and if it didn’t hurt, it couldn’t be bad, could it? 
He waited a moment more and his leg continued not to hurt. Taking that as a good sign, he slipped it back inside the mist, leaned forward, and stuck in his arm to the shoulder. 
From up the slope, he heard a terrified, “Young Jaysh! Young—!” and then Jaysh’s head was in the fog, the general’s desperate pleas nothing but vibrations in his ears, the sound of someone screaming under water. 
Jaysh thought he could make out a few of the old man’s words—the more excitable ones at the beginning of each sentence—but then the chill settled in and Serit’s voice went away. Jaysh was aware of a sharp stinging in the side of his temple, a feeling he’d not experienced since the days of boyhood while chewing on ice, and then the stinging ebbed away, leaving him with only the cold. 
Only he wasn’t cold. The cold, as it had done with his fingers and leg, was fading from the surface and sinking to the bone. After a while, even that left the body, the internal wintriness abating altogether. 
For one worrisome moment, he wondered if his body had gone numb, if perhaps his flesh had frozen solid and he only felt warmer. To put his mind at ease, he told his head to tilt forward and was relieved to feel his neck tendons tightening and his beard bristling against his chest…His eyes, however, registered nothing. 
Still staring at his belly, he blinked his eyes repeatedly and waited to see some change in the light, or a glimpse of his shirt. After several long and terrifying moments, it became clear that the realm below his neck was not there, his body was not there, the ground was not there. It was just more of the appalling blackness he’d seen from outside, more of the horrible murk he’d seen blocking out the world. 
He felt his terror swelling like a tic on a hound dog and forced himself to concentrate on his balance and footing. There was no sense making matters worse by losing his grip and sliding further down the— 
Long and bony fingers clutched his left arm. Jaysh gasped and gave them a swat, fighting with them for a few startled moments before realizing who they belonged to. He grabbed the fingers and he followed them out, watching as his visibility changed from impenetrable black to shades of black. 
One of the shades, he saw, was in the form of a gangly old man. It was slipping in the muck beside him and tugging at his arm. 
“Have you lost your young mind!” the black shape balled. “Have you!” 
Jaysh didn’t answer. He flinched his arm out of the old man’s grip and began clawing his way up the mud slide. Serit did the same, both of them digging with finger and toe and hauling themselves back to the reeds. Once there, they crawled on to where the prairie leveled out and then collapsed on their faces. 
After a long bout of panting (and of listening to the general pant somewhere on the other side of a dark curtain of reeds), Jaysh said, “If’n it makes yeh feel better…we ain’t goin’ in til mornin.” 
Serit’s panting broke off so suddenly that Jaysh thought the old man had disappeared. “Go in!” the old man shrieked, his words punctuated by thrashing noises in the grass. “Why in creation would we go in? We don’t need to go in. We need to regroup. When your mission fails, you regroup, you fall back…,” he resumed is panting, “…you do not press ahead into enemy territory.”  
Staring at the darkness of his hollow, Jaysh turned his head and spit. He knew Serit was a smart man. He knew Serit had reached the rank of general in the king’s army and had likely read a great many books along the way, but there were times—like right now, for instance—where he could be as dumb as the muck on their bellies. 
Giving his frustration time to wane, Jaysh made another wet donation to the pasture and said, “Bit late fer that, don’t yeh think?”
There was a moment of stilled contemplation from his partner, followed by, “Whatever do you mean?”
Nodding to the darkness, Jaysh said, “You ‘member that first’un we saw? The one what come up from the north?” He paused for this to sink in, for the direction to sink in, then said, “Way I see it, we’re already in its terr’try.” 
There was more pensive silence, then a series of excited thrashing movement—likely, the old historian taking to his feet and staring back the way they had come—then more dreadfully pensive silence. 
“That’s right,” Serit said, his tone sounding defeated. “They could be anywhere.” 
“Could be,” Jaysh agreed, sitting up and peeling off his pack and bedroll. He pushed the pack into the vegetation and flipped the bedroll so that the grimy side was in and the clean side was out. He lay back down and placed the bedroll beneath his head, his eyes on the sky as he said, “Best we find that kryst ‘fore goin’ back.”
Serit didn’t move. “We’ll be able to see?” he asked. “Tomorrow, when the sun comes up, we’ll be able to see in the mist?” 
Having no idea if they’d be able to or not, Jaysh winced at the constellations and said, “I doan’ see why not.” 
Serit still hadn’t moved, still standing sentinel in the grasses. “And if we can’t?”
A shooting star zipped from one side of the weedy curtain to the other and Jaysh tracked it with his eyes. “If we can’t…,” his face winced once more at the sky, “…maybe the kryst’ll find us?” 
Silence from the thistles around the general. “It could do that,” he said, his voice a little louder. “You said it never left.”
“Tha’s right,” Jaysh said, thinking to himself, I also said the thing jus stood round an’ stared at the back’a my head, an’ we both saw how that turned out. But instead of speaking this aloud, he spat his pulp at the reeds and said, “I bet you’ll need your rest either way.” 
This must have struck a chord with the historian because Jaysh could hear him sinking into the vegetation beside him, rustling about with his own pack and settling in for the night. 
Silence rolled out of the night like a heavy cotton pall and Jaysh was just dozing off when he heard the general say, not three paces to the left, “Young Jaysh, are you familiar with the legends and lore behind the Bottoms?”
Refusing to open his eyes, Jaysh folded his arms across his chest and said, “Is that them old tales yeh said wudn’t true?” 
Serit hesitated, seemed to consider the woodsman’s words, and said, “There are those, yes—the historical legends—but there are also the religious legends. The lore passed down from our Druganian settlers.”
Rolling the word religious around his head, Jaysh said, “Like in the temples?”
Serit must have nodded, because all he said was, “Do you remember them?”
It seemed to Jaysh that he did. The memories were dusty and old and he couldn’t have given the details to save his life, but it did seem as though one of the advisers used to walk him and Brine down on holy days. It also seemed like there was an old guy inside the temple who used to shake his staff at them and tell them to be good or they’d float for eternity in the oily pits of Sira. 
Chicken bones, he thought, remembering the old cuck’s staff and all its tiny white bones. When the old fella got riled—which was most of the time, Jaysh recalled—those bones used to rattle against the staff like claws on a door. 
“I ‘member em,” he said, yawning hard. “What lore you talkin bout?” 
Serit told him, starting with passages from the Wogol and finishing with documented accounts of what the first Druganians had seen when they pressed inside the Sway, the former detailing a time in God’s history when the banned had overloaded the pits (causing the oil inside to reach the ceiling and breech the surface) and the latter including eyewitnesses accounts of that very phenomenon occurring in the Bottoms. 
In Jaysh’s mind, it was all rather hard to follow—especially with names like Eezheckial the Seer and P’falesheth the Scourged—but he did his best to keep up. Ultimately, it seemed as though the Druganian settlers believed that Sira’s pit had spilled its fluid through the floor of the Bottoms. After that, the rumors ran rampant, people claiming to hear moaning, others claiming to hear the voices of the dead rising from the mist. 
Jaysh listened to all of this with as open a mind as he could muster (and might have dozed off a time or two along the way), then said, in a groggy tone of voice, “Sounds bad.” 
Serit was quiet for a time, then said, “It is.”
Jaysh wiggled his tongue against a piece of vine he’d found between tooth and gum, then spat it at the air. “When I go in tomorruh…you wanna stay out here?” 
Serit was quiet once more, a sure sign he was sleepy, then said, “If it is my duty to go, and if you think it is best, then…” he sighed a little, “…then I will follow you inside.” He sighed again, and this time it became a yawn. “But just you know, young Jaysh, I was quite right in what I said. No good thing has ever come from those mists—No good thing.”
Jaysh waited for more, but more never came. He rolled over on his side and let his breathing slow, thinking about his second visit to the Bottoms and the thing he’d found at its rim, the thing that wasn’t a dead goat and an ugling.  
He didn’t know where his little cat-thing had gone to, but he hoped she was okay.



Chapter 26

As much as Brine disliked the Lathian mercenaries, he could not deny the feeling of relief that came over him as he watched them barreling through the sand. These were the men who had called him names and pushed him down (and, he was pretty sure, left him and his teacher to die at the fangs of that hissing monstrosity), but he had decided to give them another chance. 
Was it not Amontus, he reflected, who said that forgiveness was a narrow path that leadeth to a peaceful glade?
Amontus had indeed said this (there was no arguing with ten ages of monastic teachings), but apparently the Lathian thugs were not familiar with his work. Instead of a peaceful glade, they charged headlong into the person forgiving them and flung him as hard as they could in the direction of the spur. 
Brine had a moment to utter something like, “Ughnt,” and then he was struggling to keep his legs beneath his body and nearly losing the pack from his shoulders. Silently, he thanked Owndiah he hadn’t had his monocle out. He’d have dropped the slippery devil for sure. 
Regaining his balance, he wondered what the all-fired hurry could be. Was the hissing-thing on the prowl once more? 
He cocked an ear to the sky, slowed his breathing, and softened his footfalls as best he could. There to the south, faint in the open starlit sky, was the distant wailing of the bole-beast’s victim.
Looking back to his shadowy assailant, Brine winced and said, “I’m sorry, but is there some reason we’re in—” 
“Move,” the man told him, grabbing him a second time and throwing him towards the pinnacle. 
Brine’s teeth clicked together and he went stumbling across the sand like a puppet on a string, arms flailing, legs weaving. When his momentum ended, he decided not to bother the man behind him with additional questions and had a look around himself. 
He still couldn’t see Godfry, which bothered him a little, and he couldn’t see anything else either, which also bothered him. The thought had crossed his mind that perhaps there was a new predator prowling through the sands and that the Lathians were hastening their steps for their own protection. 
But if that’s the case, he thought, why aren’t they looking around as they walk? Why not scan the bole-line or the back trail?
Brine gave the violent man at his rear a questioning look, then the four men striding behind him, then the three to the side. Their expressions were lost to him in the gloom, but the movements of their heads and bodies were not, and none of them were looking around.
He opened his mouth to attempt this inquiry a second time, and saw something behind him that left him speechless. It was Godfry’s silhouette, recognizable by the billowing robes and massive beard, very distinguishable from the brawny frames of his captors.  
Godfry was roughly ten paces back and picking himself off the ground, trying in vain to quick-foot it across the sand as the hulking fellows beside him took turns grabbing him by the back of the robes and dragging him towards the jut. 
Before his better judgment could intervene, Brine found himself yelling over his shoulder. “He can’t keep up,” he scolded. “He’s tired, and old. You’re going to—”
“Shut it,” spat the man directly behind him, driving a granite-hard palm between Brine’s shoulder blades and causing the disciple’s head to whip back. 
Brine caught his balance and jerked his head at his attacker. “What is wrong with you?” he asked, tears of pain in his eyes. “We’re walking, okay? We can’t walk any fa—”
The rock-hard palm came again, this time in the shoulder. Brine staggered forward, and sideways, and a bright flare of anguish filled his neck as his head tried to break from his spine. 
The man with the granite-like hands said, “I told yeh to shut it.” 
“Yes, I heard you,” Brine retaliated. “But he isn’t talking,” he jabbed a finger at Godfry, “and they’re still knocking him down.” 
Granite Hands did not turn around. He marched along for a time, black face directed at Brine, then said, “You’d best jus’ worry bout yourself, Wogol Boy.”
Brine glared at the man as he turned back around, but on the inside he was trembling with fear. He hadn’t liked the menace he’d heard in that last comment. It wasn’t just a threat, but a jagged possibility. 
He made a glance over his shoulder and watched as Godfry once again failed to keep his escorts happy. They slapped him across the bushy head and he went down in a shadowy ripple of robes and beard. 
Brine felt an irrational heat filling his mind, an irrational voice (the belly-fire) telling him to run back there and leap upon their persecutors. He resisted the urge.
He knew from childhood experience that such a reaction would cause the bullies to shove his advisor even harder…and there was no telling what they’d do to him, especially after the comment Granite Hands just made.
He kept his mouth shut and pretended that Godfry’s groans of pain were really gasps for air and that the sandy floor was actually cushioning his blows. A few white lies like these and he was able to reach the rock spur without his heart breaking in two. 
“This way,” Granite Hands said, giving Brine a slap in the left side of his pack and sending him dancing off to the right. 
Brine skirted the pinnacle on the east side and took the opportunity to inspect the massive landmark. It was, indeed, an enormous shaft of stone, as he suspected, and it appeared to be as big around as the temples of Valley Rock, only pointed on top and black as midnight. 
“Over here,” the man said, shoving Brine to the left and steering him towards a crowd of Lathians along the north side of the spur. 
Brine counted twenty or twenty-two dark shapes standing by the jut. He thought that was about right when accounting for the number of men lost at the claws of the bole-beast. They were all here, he saw, all of them awake and armed and staring right at him, 
The light was poor, and it went without saying that Brine’s eyesight was poorer, but even in the paltry starlight Brine could tell by the way their muttered conversations had sputtered to a halt, and the way their various activities had quickly followed suit, that his presence was an unwanted disruption.  
He slowed his pace.
“Keep goin’,” Granite Hands growled, shoving him in the back.
Brine staggered with the blow, but managed to speed up. Around him, the smell the armpits and vine spit stirred the air, the sound of spitting and cursing rising in his ears. 
Stumbling along, Brine tried to understand the pathological hatred he was hearing. He wondered if there was something he could say to these men that might make things better, a prayer or a gesture of gratitude, but before he could say anything Granite Hands leapt in front of him, grabbed the closest Lathian in the group, and began screaming at the rest. 
“An arc, gods ban yeh!” He shoved the first man into another and pointed at a third. “An arc! Get your filthy hides in an arc!” 
The dark masses glared at this, a few moved away from the obnoxious fellow—some grumbling, others showing him a fist—but no one seemed to grasp the concept. 
“A horseshoe?” Granite Hands snarled, making the shape with his thumb and forefinger. “Yeh know what that is, don’tcha? Now get on and do it! Make a horseshoe; One side of the cave to the other.”  
The men appeared to be familiar with a horseshoe and did as they were told. There was, of course, some scuffling as everyone ran for the spots closest to the spur, but once those skirmishes were resolved—usually by whomever was holding a crossbow and whomever drew it first—something resembling a horse’s footwear had been formed along the sand. 
“There yeh go,” Granite Hands said, giving Brine a shove at the spur. 
Brine scurried away from the sadist and scrunched his face at the spur. The angry man had made reference to a cave in the rocks and he desperately wanted to see it.
The cave, he decided, was what the Lathians had been searching for when he’d first spied them from afar. He had no idea how they knew the cave was here, but that didn’t change the fact that it was a possible means for escaping from the black-skinned butcher in the boles. 
He ran his eyes along the face of the jut, but could see nothing resembling an opening in the rocks. Not to worry, though. Granite Hands was leading him straight towards the spur. If a cave existed, he would see it soon enough. He was only seven or eight paces away and already he could see more—  
He stepped on something in the sand and looked down. He didn’t want to look down, but had to. The object beneath his sandal was not a thing to be ignored. It was an anomaly. 
It had felt like a clod of mud, and at first, despite the fact he hadn’t seen mud since the banks of the Leresh several leagues to the south, he believe it was a clod of mud. Then the thing gave beneath his weight and the stuff he’d stepped on became the stuff he’d stepped in, engulfing the side of his sandal and three of his toes. 
He raised his foot to have a better look and a hand like a clay brick shoved him in the back. He staggered on and decided he’d look later, finding, after only a few more strides, that he no longer needed to look. 
Tearing the lump open had stirred a smell like a fat man’s bowel movement, a smell that engendered images of corn-flecked feces and bubbling brown juices. 
He scrapped his sandal on the ground and gave the men around him a very dirty look. If they were anything like him, the adrenaline and exercise had given them loose bowels, and this was the first opportunity to empty their guts.
He stepped in another pile, this one was even larger than the first, but he dared not stop, not with Granite Hands right behind him. 
He continued dragging his feet and sneaked a peek at Godfry. The old man was looking at his feet as well, but he was making no attempt to clean his slippers. Stranger still, Brine noticed the men behind his teacher weren’t even bothering to watch their step. 
Were they guilty? he wondered. Were they afraid that acknowledging the filthy piles would cause the others to suspect them as the culprit?
He stepped in his third pile of mush and began to have doubts about his theory. What were the chances that three men took a hearty crap within strides of one another and right where their superiors had ordered them to form a defensive perimeter? 
Granite Hands stepped in front of him, jabbed a finger at the ground, and screamed, “Si’ down,” but he could just as easily have yelled at the man behind Brine to shove the disciple to the sand, because that’s what happened. 
Brine hit the sand with an unflattering, “oof,” landed in at least two piles of drek in the process, and turned just in time to see the oldest of the Jashian advisers falling into his arms. 
He caught the old man with ease (Godfry couldn’t have weighed more than your average teenage girl) and helped him down to his knees. He leaned his mouth close to the dark area of his teacher’s head and said, in a hushed whisper of sound, “Are you all right?” 
He felt stupid for asking the question, but he couldn’t think of anything else to say, and the situation seemed as though it called for some inane comment to show he cared. 
Godfry remained doubled over, sucking air like a drowning man and leaning bodily against his student. A slight moaning exited his mouth with each windy exhalation, but otherwise he made no response. 
Brine fastened his fingers in the old man’s robes and fought back his tears. He wished he’d been nicer to Godfry when the hissing monster first attacked. He wished he’d not been so rough while hauling him to his feet and dragging him to the north. 
Surely, I didn’t treat him like this, he thought. Surely, I was nicer than this. 
He lifted his eyes back to Granite Hands, but Granite Hands wasn’t looking at him. He was looking at a dark figure that Brine had not noticed, a dark figure seated on a piece of slag at the base of the spur. The figure was stooped and leaning on a cane. 
Casting a thumb over his shoulder, Granite Hands said, “Got them Jashian pukes you wanted.” His hand came down. He seemed to be waiting for the hunchback to speak. “I got the men in an arc, too,” he said. “Like yeh wanted.”
Balthus twisted the silhouette of his head from Granite Hands to the Jashians, seemingly unaware of the mercenary’s presence. 
“You may leave us,” he said, his voice absent of life.
Granite Hands didn’t leave, and even in the dark Brine could tell the angry man had something on his mind. He was shuffling his boots in the crap-filled sand and shifting his weight from one foot to the other. 
From behind him, two or three men were calling him by name—Ardose, if Brine wasn’t mistaken—and telling him to ask.
“Shut it,” Ardose hissed, whirling around and waving a hand at them. The requests ended and he turned back to Balthus, maybe trying to find his words, maybe waiting for his men to disobey. When neither of these events occurred, he said, “How come we ain’t goin’ in?” 
Balthus acted as though he did not hear, his shadowy gaze never leaving the disciple.
Ardose glanced back at his men. “Lot of us think we ought’a go in,” he said, shrugging casually. “Lot of us think we’d be better off usin’ the inside of the cave.”
If Balthus agreed, or even registered the other man’s inquiry, he made no outward sign.
Ardose studied him for a time, then turned southward and made a curt nod. “You hear that?” he asked. 
Brine didn’t know if Balthus could hear the pitiful cries to which Ardose referred, but he certainly could. They were a good ways off in the distance now—a tad weaker, as well, with the victim’s vitality on the fade—but they were still there. 
“That thing out there,” Ardose said, “when it’s done with Hingle, when the screamin stops,” he raised a hand and yanked at his earlobe, “it’s comin back fer us. It’s comin back and we better be ready.” 
Still ignoring him, still staring at Brine as though he could read his every thought, Counselor Sneel said nothing.
Ardose pulled at his ear a little longer, then gave Brine a shrewd and unfriendly look. Brine met the man’s dreary gaze for only an instant, but he thought the mercenary looked confused, the look of a man who’d not heard the full story about his mission or charge. 
Lowering his hand from his ear, the lead mercenary turned back to Sneel and said, “You hear me, old man?”
“I hear you,” the counselor said, never looking at him. 
“Well?” Ardose said, flinching. “You gona answer me?”
Still staring at Brine, Balthus said, “Our destination is the homeland…not the bowels of the wilderness.” 
Brine went cold. He lifted his gaze to the Lathian Counselor, then lowered it, his mind spinning. He didn’t think they would continue to the Forn River, not after what had happened to a third of their team and not when the path carried them through the boles to the north, but did that crazy hunchback really say they were going to Lathia? 
As he pondered this further, he heard the lead mercenary chuckling wickedly.
“Yeah, I kind’a figured that,” Ardose said. “But if you ain’t noticed, Friend, the road home is runnin through them boles.” He stabbed a shadowy hand to the south. “And if we don’t kill the thing in them boles…,” he paused to shake his head, “…we ain’t goin’ nowhere.” 
His outline never moving, Balthus said, “Then kill it.”
Ardose made a sarcastic huff. “Kill it…,” he said, speaking without tone. “An’ how you figure we do that?”
Taking up space in the stillness of the spur, Balthus said, “Its concealment is no more…and you have numbers.” 
Ardose looked back at the shadows of his men, then at the hollow darkness in the spur that Brine’s ruined eyes interpreted as a cave. He gave his head a morose shake.  
“I ain’t so sure bout that,” he said. “I ain’t at that, but even if we could kill the thing, why not use the cave for cover? You know? We could slide in there, wait for the thing to come round, use the bows on it. Use the spears.” He shrugged. “What’s wrong with that?”
Finally—mercifully—the counselor’s black gaze pivoted away from Brine. As it fixed upon Ardose, Brine heard the adviser say, “There is no cover in that cave.” 
Brine jerked his eyes to Ardose and watched him balk, watched him take a step back. When he recovered, he said, “What do yeh mean, No cover? What’s…,” he paused, tugging at his left ear. “What’s that mean, No cover?” He glanced at the opening, then at Balthus. “It’s stone—three walls of stone—so how’s that not cover?” 
Balthus didn’t answer, only stared. 
Ardose rubbed the back of his neck. “Are you tellin me,” he said, “you had us find this thing fer nothing? You tell us it’s there and now we ain’t gona use it?” 
“We might,” Balthus said, “if you fail to slay the creature.” 
“Slay the…,” Ardose trailed off, his body vibrating like a tea kettle before it blows. “You’re out’a your mind, old man. You hear me? Out—of—your—mind! We ain’t got a chance against that thing. You saw what it did to Sladge, you saw what it did when…when…Sladge…,” he swayed ever-so-slightly, seemed to choke on his thoughts, “…there ain’t no…way…,” he shook his head, or maybe it was the result of a faint, “…ain’t no…,” he swayed again, harder this time, then caught himself with a quick sidestep and said, “…cave….,” his knees buckled and he went down, landing in sand and offal. 
Brine pulled Godfry close, waiting for the worst. He had been through this very experience two times already, once with Olymun along the F’kari road and once with Balthus outside the king’s chamber. In his experience, the mental invasion had filled him with an urge to take off running through the kingdom, but he didn’t know how Ardose would react. 
Based upon Brine’s limited experience with the man as he escorted him across the desert, Ardose didn’t strike Brine as a run-away-and-hide sort of guy. He struck Brine as a draw-your-sword-and-cut-stuff-up sort of guy.
Ardose regained his feet and placed a hand to his head. He appeared to remember the counselor and peered over at him. He peered for a very long time.
“I s’pose we can try it,” he said, sounding anything but angry. “We can try,” he said, nodding at the hunched adviser. “Don’t hurt to give it try, I guess.” He seemed to notice Brine and Godfry and turned to face them, his knees weak. “What about them?” 
Balthus stared at Ardose as though he’d asked the most ludicrous of questions. Then, like a constellation passing through the night, he turned his gaze to Brine. 
“Leave them to me,” he said, and this time Ardose did as he was bade. He went staggering back into the arc of men like a child waking from a long nap, rubbing at his temples and weaving through the bodies. 
Brine watched Ardose for as far as his eyes would allow. He dared not look at the hunchback on the rocks.



Chapter 27

Mums reigned Barge to a halt and studied her surroundings. Behind her, the sky was turning a faint blue as the sun began knocking on that end of the prairie. On either side of her, the captain and the halfling sat wrestling their steeds, and out beyond that, the pastures of the Sway rolled out into forever. 
What she could not see, however, was the area directly ahead of her, the area that seemed to drop beneath the coming rays of sun as though to hide its ugly face. 
If she strained her eyes, she could see various parts and points of the terrain—the squiggle of a vine here, the bulge of a hummock there—but for the most part the western horizon was a sheet of darkness pulled over the Sway.
But that will soon change, she told herself. Very, very soon. 
Barge, possibly seeing the beginnings of that change, snorted disapprovingly and pawed at the ground, eager to be away from the place. Mums patted Barge on the sweat-lathered neck and made reassuring noises in her ear. 
Truth be told, the titan didn’t like this place any more than her equine companion. The very thought of entering its foul borders chilled her to the core. It might be a necessary evil to save their skin, but it was still an evil. She and Barge were in agreement on that much at least. 
Mums patted the animal on the neck three more times, then glanced at the other two horses. On her right, Bloodhair was yanking her head continually to the right in a not-so-subtle hint for Reetsle to lead them to the north and on her left, Quinlin—or, Winner, if you ask Iman—was not so much pulling at the reigns as he was prancing in place and snapping his tail. 
Mums moved her great brown eyes to Iman and watched as he leaned over the saddle horn and whispered in his horse’s ear. He was telling his steed that they were perfectly safe now and that all would be well. Quinlin didn’t appear to be buying it, and neither did Mums.
She turned her attention to the thing in the shadowy west, the thing that smelled like cloying rot and looked like a lunatic’s bad dream. Even now, as dawn continued to warm the edges of the monstrosity, she could see where the grassy soil of the prairie met the sloping banks of an immense black lake. Cattails and whip-reeds sprang up like fencing in a few places, but most of the water’s edge was matted with mud and offered no obstruction. 
I don’t want to do this, Mums thought, voicing in her mind the collective feelings she saw reflected in the horses. She glanced behind her in the direction of dawn and felt some of that needling reluctance subside, felt it being overwhelmed by the crushing desire to leap into the dripping darkness and get it over with. 
It was the sight she had seen last night that made her feel this way, the impossible event she had witnessed at the edge of Eastpost just before riding west into the Sway…
…it was driving her mad.
She drove the awful memory from her mind and drew a breath, waiting for it to steady her nerves. To enter the place now would be as suicidal as turning Barge around and galloping back the way they’d come. Better to sit here a while longer and let the sunshine do its thing.
So she did—they all did—and before she knew it, the moments had passed, the sun had risen, and the evil scene before her had become a playground for the eyes.
She could see the line of misshapen trees on the far side of the lake, their trapezoidal trunks rising from what appeared to be a sheet of glaring black glass, their meager boughs sprouting knots of gray moss and ropes of pink vine, the former the spitting image of a mildewed wig, the latter a perfect imitation of fresh entrails.
Mums quickly lowered her gaze and focused on the large wooden stalactites sticking up from the water. In one spot, a giant lily pad floated in the center of the pyramidal nubs and she found herself looking away once more. The sight engendered in her mind the image of a great leviathan rising from the deep, its brown fangs jutting, its green tongue at the ready. 
This isn’t a swamp, she thought. This is madness. This is what happens when nature goes mad and the Fates allow it, when evil runs rampant in the—
“Well?” 
Mums turned to the speaker, expecting to find a cantankerous halfling glaring a hole in her face. What she found instead was a cantankerous halfling glaring a hole in the east. It was almost as if Reetsle had started his tirade and then remembered something behind him. 
Mums had a good idea what the something might be, but a quick glance over the shoulder revealed that he’d remembered it too soon. The Sway behind them was nothing but rolling green hills beneath a glowing blue sky. 
But it’s still there, she thought. And if we wait long enough, it’ll roll right up to greet us. 
As if to draw attention to this fact, Reets said, “We’re still waitin, woman.”
“I know,” Mums said, thinking the halfling sounded tired and worn and running on empty. He probably was. They’d had a long and sleepless ride from Eastpost—which came close on the heels of a long and sleepless ride from Onador—and if the lack of sleep hadn’t gotten him down, the stress of being hunted was probably a factor. 
And if that isn’t it, she thought to herself, being run over by Barge and dragged into the Southern Sway probably hadn’t helped.
Reets wasn’t looking at her, but she didn’t need to read his expression to read his mood. From within the fatigue and exhaustion, the animosity was pouring out of him like puss from a wound. It was festering like a sore. 
She might have gotten away with running him down and ruining his battle, but when she led him away on Bloodhair like some child on a pony (refusing to give him the reigns until he agreed to hear her out), the proverbial bridge had been burned and there was no going back. 
She remembered the way he’d glared at her, then looked down at the grass. She expected him to jump from the saddle and go rolling through the thistles, but it must have occurred to him that, in so doing, he would be stranded in the Sway with no means for revenge. 
He’d agreed to listen, but he’d done so grudgingly…and the grudge was still there.
Switching her gaze from Reetsle to Iman, Mums said, “Before I share this idea, I really need to know what happened last night, I need to know that we…Iman? Iman dear, can you hear me?” 
The captain was now spinning in circles and kicking his heels into Quinlin’s flank. He managed a spasmodic nod and a halfhearted grunt, then went back to shushing his steed. 
Seeing this, Mums gave Barge another stroke and said, “How would you say you fared last night, Iman, with the creature?”
Still spinning in circles, Iman shot her a curious look. “I’d say I did all right,” he said. “I hit it every time I shot, if that’s what you mean.” He made another revolution. “I did my job. The arrows did theirs.” He glanced to the east, whirling. “It was that thing that was the problem,” he said. “It didn’t want to die.” 
Mums held his gaze. “Do you think it can die?”
Iman ran a hand through his hair and some of the tension washing out of him. “I don’t know,” he said. “Maybe. Maybe not. After what I saw last night, the way it kept coming no matter what, never slowing, never flinching…,” he trailed off, his head shaking weakly, “…I don’t know.” 
Still rubbing Barge, Mums waited in case there was more, then realized the captain was through. She nodded in reply and turned her liquid eyes to the halfling. 
“What are your thoughts?” she asked. “After hearing Iman’s report, do you still wish to confront the creature?” 
Reetsle tried to look her in the eyes, but it was difficult. Bloodhair wouldn’t stop jerking her head to the north. “Everythin dies,” he told her, hauling back on the reigns. “Imps’ll die too, if’n yeh know how to do it.” 
“And do you?” she asked. “Do you know how to kill the thing behind us?” 
Reetsle let Bloodhair yank two times against the reigns and said, “I might.” 
Mums exhaled sharply. “No,” she said. “You do not. And before you scurry off to get yourself killed in the process, let me remind you of your pledge to king and kingdom to remedy the ails of the Mela River, a pledge that has nothing to do with hunting the local wildlife.”
“But what if—” Reetsle had to stop as Bloodhair stopped yanking her head and reared up on her hind legs. When she came back down, he said, “—what if it’s tied to the river?” 
“Then my plan will untie it,” Mums said. “Unless of course you really do know how to kill it?”
Reetsle glared at his steed, seemed to be on the verge of giving her and Mums a good cursing, then leaned to one side and spat in the grass. “What’s your plan?”  
Mums opened her mouth to tell him, sat there with her jaw open, then closed it. Right before she spoke, she had heard the words floating about inside her head and had decided to change her method. The reasonable arguments she had concocted while riding across the pastures no longer seemed reasonable, not in the face of the swamp she saw taking shape before her. She put diplomacy to the side and decided to be honest.  
“This will sound ludicrous when I begin,” she said, still peering into the morass, “but please let me finish before rolling your eyes or calling me mad. It will seem more plausible once I finish. At least, it did to me.” 
She sighed wearily and said, “I’ve wrestled with this idea since leaving Eastpost and it is the best I could do. I mean…I hope that I’m wrong. I hope the two of you will see the error of my way and talk me out of it, because I still hold reservations myself abou—” 
“Would yeh get on with it?” 
Mums turned and gave Reetsle a rather undiplomatic look. She thought to tell him off, then realized she’d been rambling and let the interruption slide. On some level of consciousness, she didn’t want to give voice to this lunacy any more than Reetsle wanted to hear it. 
Staring straight at the twisted little halfling, speaking just as quickly as her thick lips would allow, Mums said, “I’m thinking about luring it into the Dell.”
Neither Reetsle nor Iman said anything, no laughter, no snorting, no assertions of titan-madness or early-onset senility. 
“When I say the Dell,” Mums clarified, “I mean the creatures that call it home. The ones that took Elnor.” She studied the counselor from Erinthalmus on her right, then the Jashian captain on her left. She waited for one of them to start grunting or chuckling or shaking their heads with dismay.
Reetsle merely stared at her, his head nodding ever-so-slightly as Bloodhair continued to yank on the reigns. Iman, on the other hand, had the look of an atheist who hears whispers from the grave. She could see the look of incredulity on his face even as he spun tiny circles in the early light of day.
“The boggen?” he said, speaking over his shoulder. “You’re talking about boggen?”
“Yes,” Mums said, feeling childish and ashamed as she spoke the word aloud. “I know what that sounds like,” she said, giving a weak nod. “It sounds ridiculous, does it not?” 
Iman did not say. He went right on spinning in the short grasses, first right, then left, then back the other way. 
From behind her, she heard Reetsle Baggershaft say, “Lure it how,” and turned around to face him. He had stopped glaring at her and was now glaring at the Dell, his face cold and calculating.
“We’d have to lead it,” Mums said, swallowing hard. “Like I said, it sounds insane, I know that, but I’ve thought it through time and again, all the way from Eastpost, and it’s the only option I could come up with. I thought about trying to lose it in the Shun, but it—” 
 “It’d find its way out,” Reetsle said, still glaring at the mud and the moss and the gut-like tendrils.  
Mums felt something like shock as she heard herself say, “Yes…That’s what I thought.” She paused, waiting for the halfling to realize he was agreeing with her and retract his previous statement, but he never did. 
“I can’t explain why,” she went on, “nor do we have time for me to try…,” she glanced over her shoulder in the direction of the sun, “…but this creature knows where we are. It knew where we were last night, knew we had stopped at Eastpost, and knew when we were leaving.” She stopped patting Barge and let her shoulders drop. “We can’t outrun it…we can’t hide.”
She checked her audience and was shocked to find they were still with her: Reetsle still analyzing the swamp, Iman still holding his tongue.
“I considered leading it to the city,” she said, quickly pressing on. “I thought we might use the siege equipment and castle defenses to dispose of the beast, but…,” she trailed off, her eyes drifting north, “…most of our castle guard has already been deployed to Westpost and I am not certain we could use the battlements alone.” 
She checked her companions for any sign that she was wrong in this assumption, a captain in the king’s army and a halfling with ages of war experience under his belt, but neither of them made a sound or gesture. So far, so good. 
“Then there are the royal subjects,” she said, turning her eyes to the swamp. “Between the city’s border and the castle, there are many frightened and hungry people who might not reach the castle in time.” She paused to give weight to her words. “If any of them were to succumb to the creature as it tracked us to the castle, well…,” she shook her great head, “…I couldn’t live with that.” 
Especially after what I saw it do, she added to herself, taking the momentary respite to relive the horrid scene. 
In her mind’s eye, she saw the shadowy reeds of the Sway spilling past her leg, the dark blur of Iman streaking this way and that as he loosed his quarrels at the slithering beast, the thunder of hooves roaring beneath her, the screams of her fellow adviser from just to the right, his mouth so biologically obscene that she almost drew her eyes from the sight behind her and did as he ordered, almost looked away from monster by the corrals as it rose from the grass and prepared to give chase, almost missed it doing something so unsettling that the sight would haunt her for the remainder of the night, staying with her even as she assured herself that she was too big for that to happen to her, her head too large to fit up there in that grea—  
“Mums?”
Mums jumped, brought back from the waking nightmare. “Yes?” she said, unsure who had addressed her.
“Are you okay?” Iman asked.
“Yes,” she said. “Yes, I’m fine. Where was I?” 
Iman hesitated, then said, “The Dell.”
“Yes, the Dell.” She was speaking swiftly again, nervously. “Obviously, timing will be crucial. We’ll need to keep track of the sun. No matter how far we go and no matter what the creature does, we must be moving in the direction of this shore by midday. I’m sure I don’t need to tell either you what happens after nightfall.” 
As she watched, Iman tore his eyes from hers and poured them over the swamp. When she checked the halfling, he was doing the same.
“When yeh say lose it,” Reetsle said, glaring at the bog, “wha’s that mean?”
She continued staring at the adviser, but it came at a cost to her pride. “I don’t know,” she said at last, speaking in a humble tone of voice. “I was hoping one of you might have an idea.” 
Reetsle leaned to the right and spit off the side of his steed. Mums watched this as she had on a hundred previous occasions and decided to seek help elsewhere. She couldn’t blame the halfling for being angry with her. She had known the price even before she plucked him from the pasture and led him from the fray. 
She turned to the captain, the one who’d been nodding as she spoke and who’d never been cross with her for any reason she recalled. She opened her mouth to ask his opinion, but before she could do so….
“False trial’d do.” The voice came from behind her.  
Mums spun back to face the twisted counselor and caught him punctuating his words with a spit at the bog. 
Without so much as a petulant glance at her or the captain, Reetsle said, “We lead it out there a ways, double back on our trail, hide off to the side, then wait fer it to wander by.” He cleared his malformed throat and spat phlegm at swamp. “Reckon tha’d do.”
Mums opened her mouth to speak, ages of diplomatic training telling her that this was the part where she replied, but she found her tongue paralyzed by shock. In all the ages and in all the debates, Reetlse had never made an effort to cooperate.
Speaking as deferentially as she could, she said, “That—That would work…would it?”
Reetsle sneered at the swamp, then cocked his head on the side and shrugged. “Doan’ see why not.”
Mums would have smiled if her face would allow it. She gave nodding a try, and said, “Then that is what we’ll—”  
“Hey!” Iman cried, speaking so loudly and suddenly that Mums jumped in her saddle. “Hey, you know what,” he said again. “We could hide at Elnor, at one of the mansions.” 
Mums craned her head around and found the captain looking from her to Reetsle, his blue eyes bright and his mouth turned up at the corners, each pearly white exposed. 
Meeting her eyes, Iman said, “Jaysh and I used to go there all the time when we were kids. We can reach the colony long before midday, and there’s plenty of places to hide.”
For the second time in a matter of moments, Mums opened her mouth to acknowledge one of her companion and was promptly interrupted by the other. 
“That’s true,” Reetsle said, seemingly oblivious to the fact he had just agreed with the infamous fancyman captain. 
Mums spun to face the halfling and watched as he exchanged a stern look with Iman, their eyes meeting over the blondish strands of Barge’s thick mane. She blinked and felt lightheaded. Not only were her companions ironing out the wrinkles of her plan, but they appeared to be getting along with each other. 
“And the horses?” she asked. “That’s the only other obstacle I can’t seem to resolve. Obviously, they’d sink to their bellies if we took them inside, but I can’t see—”
“They’ll be fine,” Iman said, pausing to look down at his continually-spinning steed. “Winner knows his way, and from the look of her,” he pointed to Bloodhair as she went about jerking her head at the reigns, “I’d say she does, too. If they go, I’m sure yours’ll follow.”
Mums stared at the place where her huge hand patted Barge’s neck. “Are you sure?” she asked, still thinking about the slithering monster and the horrible thing it had done at Eastpost.
“Sure I’m sure,” Iman said, giving a chuckle, his mood having drastically improved. “Even if she didn’t go home, she’s already proven she can outrun the thing. And I don’t think it’ll be sneaking up on her. Last night, when I got to the corrals,” he turned east, as if to stare at the place he’d once been, “every horse in the pen was going crazy.”
Mums nodded, still staring at Barge’s butter-tinted coat as she stroked her. Everything Iman said resonated as true, but the fear refused to budge. She could feel it extending its thorny tendrils and choking off her reason.
“Ain’t after the horses,” Reetsle said. “It come fer us.” 
Mums looked over and found the halfling with his back to the swamp and his heterochromian eyes squinting at the east. As she studied him, she could hear the groan of leather stirrups as Iman dismounted. She lowered her eyes to Barge and patted her neck. On the other side of her, Reetsle was sliding off his steed and landing in the reeds. Then, from both sides of her at once, the sharp zip of rawhide ties and the clumsy jingle of steel clasps, water skin sloshing with fluid, a quiver rattling with bolts. 
Are we really going through with this? she thought, the words in her head sounding like someone else’s. Are we really going in there? 
As if inhabiting someone else’s body, she felt her leg hiking over Barge’s back and felt the feather grass rising to engulf it. She was gathering her things now, but it still felt like she was using someone else’s hands and someone else’s fingers. 
She pulled her cudgel from a loop and stood there staring at the rear of the saddle where her mug and brew dangled from a strap. It seemed important to take the cudgel, but she wasn’t sure about the brew. It was the most effective means for calming her nerves, but it wouldn’t work without fire, and if they were trying to elude this killer, there could be no fire.
She left the mug and brew where it hung and peeked around Barge’s head at the captain, then over her shoulder at the halfling. Both of them stood staring back at her, one hand on their weapons, the other holding tightly to the halters of their steeds, the bridles having been removed and tucked inside the saddlebags, ensuring the animals wouldn’t trip on the reigns. 
She made to reach for Barge’s bridle and saw that someone—at some point during her fugue—had removed it for her. She turned to the saddle bags and saw one of the reigns sticking up from inside. 
When had that happened?
She gave Barge’s halter a tug to the north then gave her rump a kind, but forceful swat with her hand. On either side of her, Iman and Reets followed suit, and soon she was watching the horses as they went trotting for Onador, Quinlin in the lead, Bloodhair in the middle, and Barge bringing up the rear. 
In the direction of the Dell, someone was splashing into the water. Probably Iman, if she were hazarding a guess. He’d seemed rather eager since the mention of Elnor.
From directly behind her, Reetsle said, “Yeh comin, Mums?” 
“Yes,” she said. “I’m coming.” But it was a long time before she drew her eyes from the horses, even longer before she moved to the water’s edge and stood staring at its surface.  
Somewhere up ahead, Reetsle called her name one last time, a distant whisper beneath the churning of the water. 
Mums drew a breath and stepped inside.



Chapter 28

As Jaysh awoke the next morning and gathered his things—which, suspiciously enough, were not scattered all over creation as they had been while in the presence of the kryst—he discovered that he’d been right about the Bottoms. 
The sun was up, the Sway was shining, and the rolling vapors above the muddy sinkhole had changed from a perpetual wall of darkness to an innocent bank of fog. 
He slung his pack and bow over a shoulder, roused Serit from his fitful slumber, and tottered down for a closer look.  
Halfway down the incline, at roughly the same place where the grass gave way to mud and he had slipped the previous night, he could see the fog losing its density. By the time he’d skidded to a stop at its ghostly edge, he could tell the laws of nature were once more in adherence: opaque from afar, dissipation up close. 
“We’re good,” he said, motioning for Serit to follow, then taking two steps down the slope and stopping to repeat the motion. 
Further up the slope, his shivering companion did not move, his haunted eyes fixed on the gliding curtain of white. 
“It’s not like last night,” Jaysh told him. “We’ll be able to see.” Without waiting for the general, he turned and picked his way down the slope. After a time, he heard Serit doing the same, then a curt, “Ohhh—” as the fog began to do its thing to the old man’s flesh. 
Perhaps the process lost some of its effect after the first occurrence, because Jaysh didn’t find the penetrating freeze nearly as unsettling as he had the previous night. It still felt wrong to him—at least initially, it did—but after a few moments inside, the bitter cold went away and the vapors were no colder or warmer than the autumn fogs over Blue Hole. 
“Cold goes away,” he called, speaking over his shoulder. 
“I should hope so,” Serit muttered, sounding perfectly miserable. 
Jaysh took a few more steps, noticed the fog displacement at his feet and how it varied from place to place, then added, “Watch your step.” 
Moments ago, he could see his moccasins in the mud, but now there was only a stream of cloud below the knees. If the general were to lose his footing now, and come crashing into the back of him, there was no telling where the two of them would stop. 
Jaysh skidded a little further, cognizant of the Serit’s voice growing faint behind his head—“Oh, my goodness. Young Jaysh, how in His name will we ever—Oh! Oh, my! My, my, my—My boots! My boots are going!”—but he ignored him and focused on the mist. The mist was where the action would be. 
He felt the muddy bank leveling out beneath his feet and watched as the area of visibility expanded from an arm’s length to about three or four paces into the distance. It was barely enough room to keep from walking up your partner’s backside (or sliding into it, as seemed to be the case behind him), but he could see, in a manner of speaking. Or rather, he could if there was anything to see. 
Jaysh stood there listening to the gentle mmp, mmp of his heart pulsing in his ears, the only other sound besides those of the general boots on the slope of the hill. He panned his head back and forth and waited for the fog to reveal more of the land. It never did.  
He was getting the distinct impression that there was nothing down here. No rocks, no tress, no black and misshapen stumps. As far as the eye could see—which wasn’t very far, admittedly—the whole of the Bottoms appeared to be one vast tract of flat, smooth mud.
He cocked an ear forward and listened for the sound of moaning spirits and yipping fiends, for the sound of hooked claws raking at the soil and tearing loose the ground. 
He heard nothing. 
Jaysh considered Serit’s fears from the previous night, those regarding the Bottoms being an evil pit where the souls of the banned haunted and the minion of Sira prowled. He could not help but shake his head. 
Despite the religious lore passed down through the generations, and despite the many historical documents regarding ugling attacks that Serit had allegedly read in the hallowed halls of the royal library, Jaysh no longer believed the Bottoms were evil. 
Until he looked down, that was.  
Somehow, due either to the impairing effects of the fog or to the anxious focus of his gaze, he had not noticed the details of the ground. He noticed them now, though. Try as he might, he couldn’t stop noticing them. 
In a way, they reminded him of the swamps in the Gabatween, those marshy lowlands that lie to the west of the kingdom. He had never been there personally, but he’d heard about them, and he imagined this was what they looked like…minus the vegetation…and the wildlife…and of course the water.
It was something like water, he supposed. He could see it down there on the ground, covering every quadrant of the basin floor. Only it was thicker than most pools he had seen. It was blacker, too. 
He knelt down, but made no move to touch the stuff. Its gelid surface reminded him of the afterbirth he had seen in the Sway, left behind by some mother after she dropped her calf in the reeds and, obviously, before that mother turned round to eat filthy gunk. 
It didn’t come this way, he thought. The kryst wouldn’t have come this way. 
He glanced down at the muddy banks on either side. Somewhere along the way, the dead bodies of the biters had petered off and disappeared. They had either grown tired of killing themselves against the kryst or the kryst had slaughtered the entire pack. In either event, only the loaf-sized depressions of the statue’s footprints gave evidence of its passage.
Jaysh watched them as they made a path down the hill and entered the sickly black ooze. He might have suspected the creature of vanishing before setting foot in the mess—goodness knew, he would have—but there was half a track at the rim of the sludge, as though the creature had stepped right inside.
He tracked his eyes beyond the half-print, moving them along the surface of the goo. The prints were deep, as he well knew (he’d been tripping over them ever since he’d begun to trail the kryst), but there was no sign of them beneath the slime. 
He moved his eyes to slime directly beneath his chin, analyzing it. Even if he could see the footprints beneath the surface, or even if he’d stood here and watched the kryst wander out until it was neck-deep, that didn’t mean he and Serit could duplicate the feat. The inky gunk might be acid, or poison.  
He pulled out his knife and tapped the point in the slime. The tip sank in like a steak knife in the side of a blood pudding. He pulled the blade back to his face and sniffed it. It didn’t smell toxic, despite its appearance. 
He moved the blade back to the rim and slowly drove the point into the lake of mucus. Before the hilt reached the surface, the point struck something below. It was soft, and a little added pressure drove the point deeper, so he assumed it was the mud upon which he stood. 
He withdrew the blade, checked the tip, and sure enough there were traces of brown mire beneath the blacker globs of plasma. 
Well, that’s a good sign, he thought, sliding his moccasin forward and edging the toe into the lip of the mucus. He tapped the toe of the leather into the sticky mire and pulled back, elevating the tainted edge. He waited for the animal hide to smolder or burn or develop maggots and worms, but it did none of these things. 
He tapped at the residue with his finger, got just a few daubs of the stuff on his index finger, and waited for the explosion of pain, or for blisters to form and to pop. 
It didn’t happen. It felt cold, and damp (as was expected), but there were no adverse effects from prolonged contact. 
He wiped his finger and blade on his shoe and sheathed the latter. He stood to his feet and dropped a moccasin in the goo. The black afterbirth rose over the sides, almost to his exposed ankle, but nothing happened. He brought his other foot forward and set it down, this time the mucus was deeper and rose to the white flesh between his moccasin and pant leg. There was the sensation of cold and damp on his skin, and then it faded. 
He was starting to feel pretty good about their chances…and heard a gasp from behind him. He spun around and saw Serit standing at the base of the ravine, gawking at him. 
“It’s okay,” Jaysh said, raising his hands and waving for the general to calm down. It wasn’t helping. 
Serit’s mouth closed for an instant, then popped back open. “What…is…THAT!” he demanded, pointing at the tarry soup. “What—Why…Why are you out there?”
“Kryst came out here,” Jaysh said, pointing his own finger at the foot prints leading to the gooey rim. “But it’s okay. I think it’s just…,” afterbirth from Sira’s Pit, came to mind, but aloud he said, “…oil. Like lantern oil”
Serit curled his ample mustache. “It looks like snail slime,” he said, his sneer lessening. “Only it’s black.”
Jaysh looked at his feet, both of them submerged in the slop. “I know,” he said. “But it don’t hurt none. Come on.” 
Serit looked like the woodsman had asked him to leap to his death. His eyes went to the trail of heavy prints in the muddy slope. “How is that a viable option?” he asked. “We can’t track the kryst from in there.” 
Jaysh, who had already thought of this, slid his feet through the oily goop and stopped directly in front of the half-print at the edge of the slime, the last print left by the crystal protector. 
“Yeah, we can,” he said. “You can feel the tracks in the mud. You jus’ got’a go slow is all.”
Serit no longer looked appalled, but there was still a good deal of detestation in his eyes. He looked down at the edge of the motionless, wet sludge and stared. His head began to shake very slowly. 
“You got boots on,” Jaysh observed, and this seemed to help. Serit let his shoulders fall and took a step into the shallow lake of slime. He made a face, uttered a guttural, “Eyuhhhg,” and kept coming. Jaysh turned and led him further from the shore. 
After a few tentative steps, Serit said, from behind him, “What if it gets deeper?” 
“We stop,” Jaysh said, having thought of that as well. “But if the kryst came out here, I don’t think it will.” 
“You still feel its footprints?”
“Yeah,” Jaysh said. “Don’t you?” 
“Ehhhh…yes. I suppose.” A moment of silence passed. “You’ll tell me when you can’t feel them, will you not?” 
“Yeah,” Jaysh said, gliding from one massive print to the next. “Sure will.” 
But even as he said it, he didn’t think there would ever be a cause to do so. The tracks were so deep, and the trail so straight, there was no chance of him losing the path…which was why, much later that morning—after plunging so far into the Bottoms that backtracking was no longer an option—he was utterly shocked to feel the kryst’s trail go cold.  
“Is something the matter?” Serit asked, responding to the woodsman’s sudden stop in the goo. 
Jaysh forced himself not to look down. To do so would be a dead giveaway that his thoughts were on the prints. He slid his feet to the left, mimed listening to the fog, then slid back to the right and did the same. He felt no sign of the kryst’s prints along the way. 
“Jus’ listening,” he said, cocking his head over his shoulder. “Thought I heard something.” But this, as it turned out, was the absolute wrong thing to say. 
“Like what?” the general asked, his boots slopping quickly in wild, erratic steps. “What did it sound like?”
“The kryst,” Jaysh said. “Like the kryst. It wudn’t a bad sound.” 
“Oh,” Serit said, his boots slowing to a stop. “Oh, well, that’s…that’s a relief.” 
“Yeah,” Jaysh said, skidding out to the east again and feeling for a place in the mud where the kryst might have landed after hopping into the air. He had never seen the creature leap before, but in light of current events he was open to the possibility. 
He skated about for several long moments, steadily expanding his perimeter a little at a time, hoping he didn’t miss one of the depressions where a gargantuan foot had come down, but in the end he felt nothing. No dip. No rise. 
He stood panting in the goop, staring back the way they’d come. Serit was starting to sound worried again. Jaysh couldn’t see him for the fog, but he could hear the man brushing at the place on his chest where his medals had been, dancing in place, clearing his throat.
From behind him, disembodied in the fog, the general’s voice said, “Young Jaysh?”
Jaysh winced, but did not look over. “Yeah,” he answered.
“Young Jaysh,” Serit continued, his tone level, “can you still feel the kryst’s footprints in the mud?”
Glancing down at the place in the fog where his faded brown pants vanished in the soup, Jaysh turned east and continued to march. 
“Nope,” he said. 
Serit hummed thoughtfully. “Me either,” he confirmed, his boots hastening to keep up. “A moment ago, I slid my boots from side to the side, in quite a great arc, and the tracks were no longer there. What, um…What do you suppose that means?”
Swishing his hand through clinging tendrils of mist, Jaysh said, “I ain’t fer sure…but I reckon it means they ain’t there.”
There was a pregnant pause behind him, one bulging with fear (if not swollen with panic), and the general said, “Oh.” 
Jaysh heard an unspoken question in that oh, but he ignored it. He knew that if he answered that unspoken question—telling the general that they were following their noses and hoping to get lucky—the old man was sure to conceive his gestating fright. 
If that were to happen, there were certain woodsmen who were apt to be grabbed and manhandled and, as a result, distracted from hearing the kryst. Bearing this in mind, Jaysh decided to answer the unspoken question with a minor half-truth.
“Last I felt of em,” he said, referring to the footprints of the kryst, “they was headed this direction.” 
“I see,” Serit said, his voice an octave too high. “So am I to understand that…right now…there is no longer a trail?”
Jaysh shook his head. “Kryst’s up here,” he said, knowing that he had no proof to support this claim and that, even if it were up here, the chances of it being directly in front of them were next to nothing. 
Serit made some throat noises and said, “Is there, um…Is there a chance it turned around, perhaps? Circled back to the Sway?”
“Huh-uh,” Jaysh said. “Would’a bumped into us.”
“Oh,” Serit said, and again it was that doubtful oh, the oh without conviction, the oh that would eventually raise its ugly head and bite the woodsman on the backside. “What if it’s, um…if it made a rather large circle?”
With his panic on the rise, Jaysh felt his temper begin to slip. He spat a streamer of black at the air and said, “Why would it?”
 “I…I’m…I’m not, uhhh…entirely—” 
“It knew where the Sway was,” Jaysh said, thinking out loud. “Ain’t no reason to swing wide.” 
“Yes, well, it…it was just a thought. I assumed it didn’t disappear,” Serit said.
“Uh-huh” Jaysh said, sounding as though he wasn’t so sure.
“One last question?” Serit asked, apologetically.  
Jaysh grunted for him to go ahead.
“Are we lost?” 
Jaysh shifted his vine from one cheek to the other, exhaled slowly, then opened his mouth. What he planned to say was something along the lines of, Cain’t get lost in a sinkhole, or maybe, Jus’ be thankful we ain’t neck deep in biters, but what he did instead was stop and turn to the north, staring into the impenetrable fog and opening wide his bloodshot eyes. 
In his periphery, he saw Serit materialize from the haze. He turned north as well.
“What is—” 
“Shhh!” 
Serit took a step back.
“Listen,” Jaysh whispered. “Yeh hear it?”
Serit shook his head. 
“It’s up a-ways,” Jaysh said, moving in the direction of the disturbance. “A long ways,” he added, advancing on the noise and listening as high-pitched vibrations became light and melodic tones, something like wet chimes playing in the dew. 
He listened a little longer, then broke into a trot



Chapter 29

Seated in the black sands to the north of the rock spur, Brine shifted his head to the side—careful not to dump the old man who was leaning against his back—and peeked over his shoulder. 
Along the tall needle of stone that was the rock spur, he saw the warm glow of first-light spilling across the eastern face. Over there, the clefts and hollows stood out clearly against the background of ebon sand. 
He peeked behind him at the north face of the spur and squinted at the gloom. Back there, the darkness was still as black as ever. Counselor Sneel might be there perched upon his ledge or he might be somewhere else entirely. Brine had no way of knowing. 
Almost there, he thought to himself. Just a little while longer.
He turned back to the desert in the north and forced himself to breath. Above him, the sky was morphing from a pitiless black to a deceitful gray, and around him the miniature desert was gaining substance from the gloom. 
He could see the fighting men of Lathia beginning to stir in their formation, the cast of their eyes drawn to the perimeter of boles, both the east and west. There was no sign of the bole-beast milling about those drooping tongues, but they knew it was coming. 
To pass the time, Brine let his eyes unfocus (not much of a chore for his eyes) and listened to the sound of silence riding through the softness of pre-dawn. At some point through the night, during one of his many uncontrolled bouts of slumber, the screaming had ended.
He forced his eyes back into action and peeked at the desperate queue of hairy-backed thugs. One of them was chewing his vine like a chipmunk, his jaws just hammering at the pulp. Another sat less than three paces away and did not move a muscle, his eyes set in the east.
Brine might have felt sorry for these pitiful souls (it was, in fact, his job to feel sorry for them, and to help them if possible), but at the moment he was too busy feeling sorry for himself, and feeling scared as well. 
Unlike the mouth-breathing sad sacks positioned around him, he had not one, but two monsters trying to kill him: He had the one lurking in the boles and he had the one seated on the rocks, and just now he was more concerned with the one seated on the rocks. 
It was simple logic, really. The monster in the boles had shown it held no preference for the origin (or taste) of its victims. The monster on the rocks, however, had shown a distinct preference for all things Jashian. 
What had it said last night? What had it muttered when the lead mercenary inquired about him and Godfry?
Leave them to me, it had croaked. Leave them… to me... 
Brine clenched his arms around his pack and stewed one more time over the meaning of those words. It might have helped had the hunched adviser actually done something after making his comment, but he had not.
Brine wasn’t stupid, though. He might not comprehend the meaning of the counselor’s statement, but it seemed a safe assumption the adviser was up to no good. Despite the good-old-boy sunshine that spewed from Godfry’s mouth each time Balthus was mentioned, Brine knew better than to trust him. 
Yesterday afternoon, Brine had heard the Vultureman contriving with their late guide, Sladge. He’d heard them discussing the secret mission affecting their homeland, the secret mission that caused Balthus to toy with Sladge’s mind when the big man tried to gather his men and leave him behind. 
Brine still didn’t know what this mission might be, but it seemed clear the plan involved him and his teacher. The two of them were either being protected or detained, and after their rather harsh treatment last night—the shoving and cursing and general hatefulness on the part of the Lathians—he was inclined to believe the latter. 
Of course, if they were being detained, it certainly was the most noninvasive detainment Brine had ever seen. Following the initial brutality in the desert, he and Godfry had been all but ignored by their captors (or saviors). Balthus might have been watching from the rocks—Brine was almost positive he was—but the other mercenaries paid them no mind. 
Brine ran his teeth along his tongue and thought about the bloody hole he’d put there when Ardose shoved him in the back. Was it possible that last night’s mistreatment was merely the result of hardened men who’d spent the afternoon fleeing for their lives? Was it possible their bad behavior was the result of sore muscles and rattled nerve? Was it possible that Balthus never meant for Brine and Godfry to be handled so cruelly?  
What do you think, Rugs? The belly-fire asked, its voice sounding genuinely curious, if not a little concerned. Grandpa, there, seems to trust him. 
Brine rolled his eyes to the edges of their sockets, as though trying to see the old man leaning on his back, but the belly-fire had asked the question just ten ages too late.
When Brine was a boy, Godfry had been the wellspring from whence all knowledge flowed. Now that Brine was grown, Godfry had become six and a half stones of useless weight shackled to his wrist.
All right, fine, shot the fire-voice. But think about this…if the hunchback really wanted you dead, wouldn’t he have just left you to the bole-beast? 
Brine began to nod. Maybe, he thought. Maybe not. 
Brine might have been more trusting had the Lathian counselor agreed to the use the cave. In Brine’s mind, the presence of the desert clearing and the rock spur were provisions from God (provisions Brine had prayed for) and anyone denying him access to those provisions was little better than Sira herself. 
Later, if Brine discovered the whole ordeal was a huge misunderstanding—that the cave actually wasn’t a provision from God, or that it actually was and Balthus was simply being cautious—Well, hey, he’d apologize right then and there. He’d even shake hands with the hunchback. Let bygones be bygones. 
In the meantime, though—and since he very much doubted any of those things would ever happen—he was going to use the first rays of light to make his move. He’d been waiting all night long to make this move and now, with the soft glow of pre-dawn finally licking at the spur, he was ready to get on with it. 
Feigning a yawn, he stretched his arms and leaned his head to the side, leaning until he had a clear look at Balthus. The light had finally traveled along the stones and the Vultureman was in clear sight upon his ledge, still leaning his arms on his cane, still sweeping his eyes from one man to the next.  
So he is watching us, Brine thought, feeling relieved and unnerved both at the same time.
Brine had wanted to make a break for it last night, but couldn’t assess the direction of the Vultureman’s eyes. If he was going to grab Godfry and go, he needed to make certain he could do so without Balthus bringing his escape to the attention of the mercenaries. If he hoped to elude the Lathians once he reached the cave, he was going to need a massive head start.  
 So, leaning back against his teacher (least they both lie down in the sand and smear even more of the feces in their clothes) Brine had bided his time until morning…
And now it was morning. 
Brine twisted his chin over his shoulder and whispered to the explosion of white hair crinkling at his neck. 
“Godfry,” he hissed. “Godfry, can you hear me?”
When the snoring persisted, Brine spoke this teacher’s name again and rocked into him. The snoring became a grunt, then a throat-clearing, then the weight that had been Godfry leaned away from him. 
Brine wriggled around so they were seated beside one another and said, “Hey, are you awake?” 
Godfry was awake, but not by much. He blinked at the distant line of wilderness, then around at the sands. He acted as though he’d heard his name not with his ears, but from deep inside his mind. He inspected the mercenaries, the spur, the steadily brightening sky. 
Finally noticing Brine, he leaned close and said, in a voice as loud as it was groggy, “Sam’s boy, did you hea—”
“Shhh,” Brine hissed, turning just enough to direct his peripheral vision at Balthus.  Finding the hunched figure still watching his men, he leaned back towards the rat’s nest that was Godfry’s beard and said, “You have to keep your voice down, okay?”  
Godfry’s caterpillar eyebrows—gray in the coming light—crept down his forehead. “Is something amiss, Sam’s boy?”
Brine peaked at Balthus once more, then said, “Maybe, maybe not. But we’re getting out of here, okay.”
Godfry shrank from him, clearly disturbed by the prospect. 
“We need to get back to Onador,” Brine said, “but for now, I don’t care where we go, so long as we go.” 
He nodded at his teacher, as if transmitting an unspoken yet shared understanding, and Godfry boggled at it. Brine released an exasperated sigh and checked Balthus one more time, found him engrossed with the nearest man in the horseshoe formation, and said, “I was thinking that you and I could slip into that cave.” 
At this, Godfry’s face brightened. “Really?” he said, looking back at his fellow adviser. “Didn’t ole Bal say we wer—”  
“Don’t look at him!” Brine hissed, putting a hand to the back of Godfry’s head and pulling it down. “Head down! Head down!” 
Godfry dropped his head like an Amian during the Time of Peace. 
Brine took a deep breath, waited until he was calmer, and said, “Yes, Balthus still wants to wait out here, but I meant for us to go in, for you and me. Alone.” He waited for this message to sink in then said, “I want to leave the Lathians here,” he nodded at the ground, “and I want you and I to sneak in there,” he nodded at the cave. “Got it?”
Godfry didn’t say anything right away, but his dubious expression did not fill Brine with confidence. “You want that we…,” he held Brine eyes, “…that just the two of us…,” he spun his eyes to the spur, “…go into that hole?”
Brine stole a look at Balthus, then nodded as delicately as he could.
“That hole,” Godfry said, pointing at the opening.
Swatting down his hand, Brine looked around nervously, then whispered, in heated tones, “Yes! Yes, that one!” 
In the strengthening glow of dawn, the muscles on the old man’s face were twitching and moving and vibrating beneath the skin, clearly operated by the machinery of his mind.
“You know, Sam’s boy,” Godfry said, looking deeply into Brine eyes and making a meaningful glance at the cave, “I think something’s in there.”  
Brine grimaced, but only a little. The same thought had crossed his mind a time or two, but what could you do? They might think there was something inside, but they knew there was something outside, and that something was trying to kill them. 
He shrugged.
Godfry lowered his head and scanned the sands around them. He seemed to be counting the dark humps materializing in the light, some conical and untouched, others smashed flat by sandals and boots. 
“Whatever it is,” he said, lifting his gaze to the disciple, “I think we’re sitting in its outhouse.” 
“I think so, too,” Brine said, reaching up and sinking his fingers into the old man’s sleeve, “but that doesn’t change anything. We still need to get out of here. Didn’t you hear what he said?” He craned his head at the Lathian diplomat. “What he said last night?”
Nodding hesitantly, as though he wasn’t quite sure, Godfry said, “That it wasn’t safe? Yes, I did hea—”  
“No, no, no. Not that—After that.”
Godfry winced. “That he hoped we didn’t need to—”  
Crawling into the old man’s face, sinking the fingers of his other hand into his sleeve and drawing himself close, Brine said, “He told that mercenary to leave us to him! To Him! You didn’t hear that?”
“I heard it…yes.” Godfry looked worried now, but not because of Balthus. 
Cocking his eyes at the Lathian diplomat, Brine said, “I think he’s planning something, Godfry—Something bad.”
Godfry gasped and tried to steal a peek as well. 
Brine gave him a yank and screamed, “Don’t look!”
Godfry lowered his gaze to the black grit of the clearing. After a moment or two of face-wrinkling thought, he glanced at Brine and said, “Maybe if we ask—”
“No!” 
“Perhaps he didn’t mea—”
“No, no, no—Godfry please, you can’t.”
“But I’ve known Bal for—”  
Brine shook him by the shoulders. “I know,” he said. “I know you know him. But it’s not just what he did last night. There are other things as well, like yesterday. I heard him talking to Sladge before that monster attacked. I heard him plotting about why he’d really come to the Harriun and why their king had sent him.” 
Brine glanced sideways at Balthus. “I didn’t think anything about it then…Well, I mean…I thought their kingdom was still recovering from the war and they needed all the coin we could send them, but now…after last night…,” he looked down, shivered, then looked up. “We need to get out of here, Godfry.” 
Godfry stared at him for a very long time, his eyes soft in the fervor of fresh dawn. He looked like he had back in the days of Brine’s youth, back when Brine was struggling to grasp the concept of relativity or to reduce fractions to their lowest terms. He raised his hand and patted Brine on the forearm. 
 There, there, the gesture said. We’ll get through this. We’ll get through. 
Brine grinned, despite himself, and Godfry forced a tired grin as well…then he began shuffling his legs beneath his body and grabbing for his walking stick. He was standing to his feet, and he would have made it, too, had Brine not yanked on his sleeve. 
Glancing feverishly at the Lathians, Brine said, “What are you doing?” 
Godfry made a hurt expression. “Coming with you?”
“No, no, no—Not yet, not yet.” Brine gave the old man a few more yanks, to ensure he stayed put, then checked the Lathian advisor. “They’re not going to let us leave. They were looking for us last night—He was looking for us last night.” He made a nod towards Balthus. “We have to wait until no one is looking. Okay?” 
Godfry mustered another grin, though weaker than before. “I see, I see,” he said, patting Brine on the hand. “Well, you let me know, Sam’s boy. Let me know and we’ll go down together.” He patted Brine once again, gave his hand a little squeeze, and shoved his face in the Wogol.
Brine watched his eyes moving along the lines of scrawl and said, “I will. I’ll let you know. But until then, act casual.” 
Godfry lifted his head from the book. “Act what now?”
“Like—” Brine’s voice stopped short. Inside his head, he heard himself telling Godfry to act like nothing had happened, like they hadn’t had this covert conversation about sneaking away and fleeing down the cave. But as he studied the baffled look in his teacher’s eyes, he decided such advice was unnecessary. 
“Nothing,” he said at last, mustering a hopeful smile. “It’s nothing.”



Chapter 30

The house—or mansion, as Iman called it—was not what Mums had expected. Most of the shingles were spilling from the roof, about half the chimney was lying in the water, and the north-end wall appeared ready to fall over.
She put her hands on her hips and gave it yet another sweep of her all-seeing eyes. She knew the colony of Elnor had been soaking here for the last ten generations, but wasn’t there a place with a little less decay? Maybe something without a hole in the north wall, or something without a roof that sagged like an old melon? 
The parasitic vegetation she accepted. It stuck to everything in the bog and was most likely the only thing holding the colony together. That having been said, she would have preferred a hideout where the doors and windows were not clogged with the stuff. 
Not to cast aspersions, but the front door to this particular specimen had so much snot-green moss on the frame that it was about half its original width, and she couldn’t even see the windows, not for all the flesh-colored tendrils tangling off the roof. 
“This is it?” she asked, taking a step back from the leaning palace.
“It sure is,” Iman said, looking like a disciple at the gates of Glory. “See what I mean!” 
“Oh, I see it,” Mums said, letting her eyes travel to the remains of the chimney on the south side, its uneven maw missing several of the reddish-gray bricks. 
Pointing a finger at the swayback roofing, Iman said, “I know it’s a little farther inside the colony than you wanted, but it’s got an upstairs, right? And it’s got windows, you see the vines,” he jabbed his finger at them, “they’re like curtains, like extra cover for when you peek outside.”
“It’s definitely well covered,” Mums said, thinking the place looked like it was being eaten alive, “but are there others? Other places we can look at?” 
Iman spun towards her, his face and shoulders dropping. “Well, yeah,” he said, giving her a wounded look. “There are others, sure…but none this nice.” 
Mums’ thick titan features tried to frown at the captain. She had seen the four vertical logs fronting the establishment (a colonnade of sorts holding up the porch) and she had seen the engraved framework dangling over the door—as well as the decorative trim being swallowed by the vines—but none of it was nice. 
It’s regal, perhaps, she thought to herself, but it’s not nice…and it hasn’t been nice for a very long time. 
Rather than speak this aloud, however (and risk hurting the good captain’s feelings), she said, “And you think it will hold?”
“Oh, it’ll hold,” Iman assured her, cocking back his head and giving her a slow and steady nod. “I’ve been in ones even ol—”  
“It will hold me?”
Iman ran his eyes the length of her, turned to the crumbling estate, then turned back to Mums. With a shrewd cringe in his eyes, he said, “I, uh…I think so. I mean, yeah, I know it’s got vines and stuff on all over it, and there’s probably some mildew—”
Probably?!
“—but I bet it’s still sound. I mean, when I used to visit this place, I had Jaysh with me. So that’s like…twice the weight.”
“And the two of you were how old?”
Iman shrugged. “I don’t know,” he said. “I guess we were smaller.” He held up his hands and waved back her incredulity. “All right, I’ll tell you what. If you fall through the porch, I’ll have a quick look around and we’ll, uh…we’ll see if there’s something else.”
Mums waited for her stunned speechlessness to pass, then said, “Iman dear, this may come as quite a shock…but I am not interested in falling through anything. Reetsle,” she said, glancing down at the halfling on her right. “Reetsle, what do you think about the place?” 
With his chin cocked up and his blue and brown eyes squinting, Reetsle said, “Not much.” 
Mums nodded. “Me either.”
“Oh, come on!” Iman whined, his arms held out at his sides. “You haven’t seen the inside.”  
“Actually, Iman dear, I can see the inside,” Mums corrected, gesturing to the enormous hole in the right side of the building, “and I am not impressed.”
She turned to the rest of the colony, a cemetery of buildings hemming her in. Had the colony been established geometrically and with some thought given to streets, she would say they were four or five blocks from the eastern limits and still within sight of the surrounding bog. 
In the captain’s defense, he had satisfied two of the three criteria set before him. He had found a place within half-a-day’s march from the banks of the Dell and he had found a place with a second floor (the latter requirement crucial for those in the party who were covered in fur and at risk of pelt rot). 
With regard to the third criterion, however—finding a structure capable of supporting the immense weight of a titan—the good captain had seriously missed the mark. 
Or maybe he didn’t miss anything, she amended, panning her great head from one end of the colony to the other. Maybe there’s no mark to hit. 
She trudged back the way she came, cast her eyes down one watery street after the other, and the view did not change. On either side of the submerged road, and as far as the naked eye could see, it was simply more of the same. Whether they were one-room hovels or multi-roomed businesses, the level of decay was uniform. 
After three or four blocks of this, she gave up and splashed back to the mold-infested manor. The captain stood poised for an answer, but she promptly ignored him, consulting with the halfling instead. Reets, who had wandered south for a look around, gave a report which sounded similar to her own. He had seen a few buildings without holes, but none that didn’t lean, and it was the leaning that bothered her. She could always avoid the holes. 
As the conversation wore on, the captain’s eyes grew more and more intense, his head nodding like an old man with palsy. 
“So this works?” Iman asked. “We can go in?” 
Mums lifted her eyes to mansion, felt a grimace twisting at her mind, and tilted her gaze higher. She found the white blur of the sun hanging about half way between the skeletal treetops in the east and its absolute zenith overhead. 
Timing will be crucial, she had told them, shortly after leaving the horses. No matter how far we go and no matter what the creature does, we must be moving in the direction of shore by midday.
She turned to the east and peered back through the flooded colony, back at the place in the vines and trees where their pursuer would eventually emerge. The mossy eyesore at her heels would be a miserable pit at best, but even it was preferable to the rolling horror behind them. 
“I suppose this will do,” she said, turning her glare to the mansion. “It will have to.” 
An eager hand lit on her shoulder. “You won’t regret this, Mums,” Iman told her. “You won’t! I promise you that.” He leapt for the porch, slowed as he met the vines in the doorway, and Mums barely had time to stop him. 
“Iman Dear—Iman!” 
Iman stopped at the entryway and cocked his head at her.
Mums said, “You do remember we’re hiding?”
With one arm parting the fleshy vines, the captain said, in a confused tone of voice, “I’m just looking around.”
“Quietly?”
Still looking perplexed, as though she’d asked him to take his boots off so he didn’t track in, Iman muttered a, “Okay, sure,” and disappeared through the vines. 
Mums made to call after him, to reiterate the delicacy of their situation—which he obviously failed to grasp—but before she could, she heard the halfling splashing away. 
 “Reetsle!” she said, spinning after him. “Reetsle, what are you doing?” 
At the corner of the manor, Reetsle stopped and gave her a questioning look, one very similar to the expression Iman had just made, only darker and with more irritation. 
 Leaning to the right, he spat at the inky waters and said, “Thought I’d make that false trail….,” he glanced east and licked his lips, “…if’n it’s ah’right with you?”
Mums dropped her shoulders and raised a hand to her chest. “Yes. Yes, of course. I’m…,” she trialed off, the tension draining from her head and the foolishness rushing in.  “Go ahead, Reetsle. I’m sorry. My nerves are a tad…frazzled, that’s all.” 
Reetsle stared at her, taking it all in. She had hoped he’d say something like, Ah, doan’ worry bout it, or Tha’s ah’right, Mums, or Hey, doan’ sweat it. Instead, he grunted that he had heard and glanced at the sun. When he’d finished checking the time, he turned without a word and marched around the manor.
Under normal circumstance, Mums would have been incensed by the slight….but not today. Today, she was as much to blame as the halfling. Her nerves were shot and she had snapped at him for doing what they had agreed he should do. She needed to settle down, and soon. 
Because if you don’t, she thought, listening to the sound of halfling boots swooshing through the waters, you know what they say about titans and nerves…
When the sloshing footfalls had receded deep into the colony, Mums glanced at the vine-knotted door beside her and listened for the captain. Despite her final warning before he dove between the vines, she heard what sounded like furniture being scooted across floorboards. 
Making a mental note to remind Iman of their need for stealth, she pulled her hand from her chest and held it out before her. She could see the muscles shivering minutely beneath the thick coat of fur. 
It’s starting, she thought, dropping the hand to her side and flexing the fingers. She stood like that for quite some time, opening and closing her hand, shaking it like a rag. When the worst of the tremors were gone, she pushed through the tendrils and splashed inside.



Chapter 31

In the immortal words of Iman Janusery (dear old friend and gambling aficionado): ­Jashandar Denback had been courting with lady luck. Not only had Jaysh been right about the lack of evil in the Bottoms, he had also been right about the wet chimes he’d heard to the north. 
He slowed his pace from a trot to a saunter and waited for the source of the falsetto tinkling to materialize from the fog. He already knew what it was—what it had to be—but he wanted to see the thing before he moved much closer. Not that it was evil, but he wasn’t taking any chances. Not in this place. 
Ahead of him, the cloud cover dissipated and the details began bleeding through, the panorama of gray giving way to an oily landscape he had only glimpsed on his belly. It was not much to look at. 
As the soles of his feet had been telling him all morning long, the floor of the Bottoms was as smooth and rolling as the mud plains in the Gabatween, only without the flora and the stumps and the random pools of water, and of course the Gabatween didn’t look like some diseased ugling had blown its nose on the place.
But ain’t that lettin’ up a bit? he wondered, lowering his eyes to the ground. Where the frictionless, black ooze had once risen to his ankles and splattered at his pants, it now cresting only to his soles. 
He pressed on, listening to the falsetto voices of the chimes growing louder in his ears, watching as the tarry slime around his feet gave way to a creamy, brown mud. A clean mud, if there was such a thing. 
He moved closer still and the mud gave way to a shallow stream of water, a muddy current flowing from left to right and swimming around the fist-sized stones poking from the surface. The water was a muddy-brown and the stones a polished midnight…together they formed the trickling that led him. 
The wet chimes, he thought, moving his gaze from the melodic banks of the river to the deeper sections at the center. Well, the relatively deeper sections, he corrected. They were deeper than the banks where he stood, but they were shallow compared with the rest of the river. This whole area would be considered shallow compared with the sections in the Sway and the Shun.
Jaysh had never really thought about it before, but it just dawned on him that the pastures of the Sway, or possibly the kingdom as a whole, must be steeper in the east. He knew from experience that the Blades were the taller of the two ranges—he’d hiked them both on several occasions—but apparently the Kilashan’s base was at a greater elevation. 
Has to be, he thought, or it’d never make it up the slope. 
He imaged the river pouring out of the foothills to the east then rushing down the slopes of the Bottoms, watched them passing through the slippery basin here then pooling at the slopes in the west, pooling and cresting and eventually carrying on into the Sway. 
He thought about this a bit longer, amazed that a man could spend twenty ages of his life in the same place and never come to grips with the physical workings of its waterways, then took a better look at the river and noticed something even more amazing: It wasn’t black. 
He surveyed the whole of the channel for as far as the fog would allow, then lowered his eyes to the water at the bank. It was a dark and chocolaty hue, to be expected considering the mud beneath his feet, but it was a far cry from black. In fact, compared with the greasy sludge he’d seen yesterday at East Bridge, these waters were as pure as a fresh mountain spring.
From behind him, still gasping for breath in his attempt to keep up, the general of the Jashian military must have noticed as well.
“Is that the Mela?” he asked.
Kneeling down beside the tinkling waters, Jaysh grunted that it was.
The sound of bristling lip-hair ensued, followed by: “Is it cured?” 
Due to the movement of the river, the mists were thinner here than elsewhere in the Bottoms. Not so thin that Jaysh could see the banks on the north side, but thin enough so he could see three-quarters of the way across. Within those three-quarters, he spied no poison. 
“Looks that way,” he muttered, peering upriver with a disappointed scowl. 
Unable to see the scowl, but apparently able to hear it in his tone, Serit said, “I’m sorry, young Jaysh, but wasn’t that one of our objectives?”
Jaysh had no idea what an ub-jek-tib was, but he could tell the old general was asking about his mood. He leaned towards his good hip and crawled back to his feet.
“I was hopin to beat Iman here,” he said. “Hopin to get ahead’a him on the river, then hike back west an’ meet him as he come this way…,” he trailed off, his voice becoming a deep growl of pain as his injured hip came into play, “…but judgin by the look’a this place, I reckon we missed ‘im.” He pointed to the right. “Reckon he done fixed the Mela down yonder.” 
In the corner of his eye, he watched the general turn and search the mists to the south, the lethargy of his movements radiating uncertainty. 
“Have you seen any sign of the kryst?” the old man asked.
Jaysh panned his head from east to west, thinking of something to say. When they set out this morning from the Sway, Jaysh had been certain the crystal man would reemerge from the mist. As he was so fond of saying, to those who were foolish enough to ask, you just couldn’t get rid of the thing. 
As time wore on, however (and the kryst continued to go missing), it seemed obvious the glittering creature had either moved on or been destroyed. Jaysh doubted very much that the biters had destroyed it—not after watching their systematic slaughter in the Sway—but something else might have taken it down. They were in the Bottoms after all, and even if it wasn’t a portal to the banned, it was home to all manner of vicious uglings. 
At any rate, when Jaysh heard the trickling waters of the Mela, he’d essentially made the decision to give up on the kryst and seek aid from the captain. Say what you would about the good captain’s abysmal tracking, he was still the best planner in the kingdom, and they were in need of another plan. 
Rather than speak this aloud, though, Jaysh merely gave the general a flicker of eye contact and shook his shaggy head.
“I see,” Serit said, focusing thoughtfully on the sprawling brown of the Mela. He seemed to consider something for a time, the rasping of his ragged breath mingling with the burbling of the watery shallows, then said, “Could we ride east to meet him?” He turned his head to the right. “If the Mela is cured,” he said, “would they not be riding towards us from the source of the cure?” 
Without thinking, Jaysh spat a line of black at brown banks. “If’n they fixed it down yonder,” he said, nodding to an imaginary blight in the east, “I reckon they’d go round this place on the way home.” He turned and gave the general a knowing look. “Wou’nt you?”
Serit’s face crinkled. “Yes,” he said dolefully. “Yes, I would.” He lowered his dejected gaze to the ground, staring at the snot-like mucus. “Is there any sign of their passage? Coming or going?”
Jaysh didn’t even bother looking. Like the kryst before them, there would be no record of the party’s passing. Not unless they kept themselves in the narrow strip of mud between slime and river, and he strongly doubted that had happened. When the party passed by here yesterday, the river would have been thick with poison. They would have set a course through the slime and avoided the banks like the plague. 
For a moment, Jaysh considered crawling to the south on his belly—feeling for hoof-prints in the mud and hoping to get lucky—but then he realized there was no guarantee the party had passed on this side of the Mela. If they’d followed the northern bank, he’d be wasting his time, and the Bottoms was no place to waste time.
He shook his head and broke into a casual walk to the west. “Welp,” he said, setting a course along the Mela and trying to alleviate the old man’s concerns. “It din’t fix itself.”
As they walked, he shared with Serit the details of their escape, explaining to the general that, in lieu of the sun’s position in the sky, his internal clock was telling him it was not yet midday. This meant they had ample time to vacate the Bottoms before nightfall returned and the basin became an abyss. 
By afternoon, they’d be in the Sway and riding their horses, and by nightfall, they’d be enjoying a savory meal and the comfort of their beds. In the morning, they’d have warm bathes and a delicious breakfast of crisp bacon and peppered eggs, and afterwards Iman would scheme for them a new plan to vanquish the mystery killer. 
“Wha’ yeh think’a that?” he asked. “Bacon ‘n’ eggs sound good, doan’ it.” 
Slopping along behind, Serit said, “You don’t think those creatures took them, do you?”
Frowning at this, his mind spinning with images of some creature laying paws on his bacon and eggs, Jaysh said, “Took who?” 
“Iman and the others,” Serit said. “They didn’t have the kryst to protect them against those biting hoards.”
Jaysh thought about that for a few paces, then gave his head a sad little shake. “No,” he said at last. “No, they din’t.” 
“I do hope they’re safe,” Serit sighed, squishing along quietly for a time, seemingly lost in his own compendious thoughts. “What do you suppose those creatures were, young Jaysh?” 
Jaysh shrugged. “Looked like salamanders, to me.”
“They did at that,” Serit agreed, “but did you notice the hindlegs?” 
Jaysh frowned, suddenly aware of the throbbing in his hip. Placing a hand to his bandage, he wanted to remind Serit that he’d been a bit preoccupied with the front of the creatures to worry much with the rear, but instead he simply shook his head and uttered a guttural, “Huh-uh.” 
“Well, I did,” Serit said matter-of-factly, “and there were no hindlegs, none at all.” He hmmed to himself pensively, then said, “And did you notice the melted skin?”
Jaysh had, and told him so.
“Skin like that makes me think of imps, young Jaysh. It makes me think these things were lurking in the Bottoms, smelled us in the Sway, and slipped out to feed.”
Staring at something dark and round as it materialized from gloom, Jaysh said “Could’a been.”
“Yes, it could,” Serit said, going on to say something else that the woodsman completely ignored.  
Jaysh’s eyes were locked on the thing in the mist, the thing that was three strides away and lying on the ground. It was probably a muck-coated rock or the remains of a stump, but somehow Jaysh didn’t think so. He found himself veering away from it.
“The only part I don’t understand,” Serit said, oblivious of his partner’s sidestepping, “is why Lorn abandoned his king—his royal charge, mind you—and then entered a vile place such as the Bottoms. Honestly, young Jaysh, there is no historical precedent for such behavior. This is history we are seeing, history in the making. I am telling you, our grandchildren will speak of this day with their grandchildren, the day that Lorn the Kryst, protector of kings, forsook his royal charge and went chasing after imps.” 
Serit paused. “In my opinion, it’s as much an anomaly as what befell Aden at the end of the Lathian War. Do you not see the similarities, young Jaysh?”
Jaysh might have, had he been listening to anything the old general was saying. As it were, his attention was fixed on what he now saw was a hump rising two hands from the ground. 
“Young Jaysh?” Serit said. “Are you all right? Is everything—” He gasped, his slurping bootfalls stutter-stepping through the fog, dancing away from the mysterious hump. “Do you see that, young Jaysh?”
Still trekking west, still giving the hump a wide berth as he passed, Jaysh nodded his head. Not only did he see the hump, he was now so close he could see the hole in its right side, the hole that filled its face from top to bottom and reminded him of the entrance to a burrow. 
He stooped veering right and darted sharply to the left, ensuring that when he passed the obstruction, he did so around the back. If it were a burrow, and if it did have a denizen, he had no desire to tempt whatever lived inside with a tasty bite of his leg. 
On the other side, he gestured for Serit to the move left as well, never taking his eyes from the ominous swell of mud. 
Only it wasn’t a swell. There was nothing pushing up from below, no heavy rock or jutting stump. In fact, as Jaysh passed behind it and the details clarified, he saw it was actually comprised of several plum-sized colds of mud, as if something had scooped tiny handful of muck from the ground and stacked them in a mound. 
Considering the hole on the opposite side of the burrow, he wondered if the mud had come from deep inside the floor of the Bottoms. The longer he stared, the more the rippling hump reminded him of a crawfish burrow along the river, only the thing that made this was a good deal larger than a crawfish; more along the lines of a beaver. 
Or a biter?
Nah, he thought, not a biter. The hole wudn’t big enough. Them melted things was bigger than any ole beaver. 
Despite the realization, he kept his eyes on the burrow, fearful that something, regardless of size, might rush out and seize upon his leg, something long and sleek like a leech, something to wrap about his foot and drag him down to the mouth below. 
When he’d moved a considerable distance away and felt confident he was out of range, he turned back to face the west…and found three more burrows emerging from the fog. 
Serit began to whimper. 
Two of the mounds were on his far left and one slightly to the right, all of them constructed in the same manner as the one behind him. He could see the uneven sides formed of various chunks of muck, apparently dredged up from below and piled into a dome. 
The moved closer and felt his eyes drawn to the one on the right. It wasn’t miniature at all and neither were the balls of dirt from which it was made. 
While the burrows on his left were comprised of apple-sized clods, the one of the right was formed with grapefruit-size clods, and while the entrances on the left were the size of a woodchuck’s den, the entrance on the right was the diameter of an overturned barrel. 
Jaysh studied them warily and found the only commonality to be the direction of the openings, each one pointed at the sluggish length of Mela on the right. Seeing this, he wondered if the openings in the dens were a clue, if maybe they were one of life’s little Whats and if maybe they added up to form one of life’s little Whys.
He stopped wondering about the trajectory and began wondering about losing his footing in the slime, about skidding towards the larger burrow on his right and slipping right down its throat, gliding into the mucky darkness and landing on the soft, sticky denizen below. 
Thinking about the mound’s filthy host, Jaysh found himself moving between the two smaller mounds and the one larger mound, passing between them in a hurry and trying to look in both directions at once. 
He felt he was doing a fairly good job of this—his eyes flitting from one side to the other, never lingering for long in one place—when Serit’s puppy dog whimper escalated to a yelp. 
 Jaysh jerked his head at the old man, found him gawking and pointing to the west (one long, aged finger trying to poke invisible holes in the mist) and spun himself around. 
Ahead of him, instead of three burrows drifting from the hovering white, there came a colony of lumpy, brown shapes. Only colony wasn’t the right word. What Jaysh saw swimming towards him from the risers was much too spacious to be a colony. It was more like a city. 
Yes, indeed. If you were a disgusting muck-dweller in need of a place to call home, this was the place to be. This was the metropolis when it came to clod-piles in the Bottoms, a virtual clodtropolis if you will. 
Jaysh slowed his pace, hoping to keep track of them as he approached, but to no avail. Even at a snail’s pace, the dark humps and darker portals seemed to blur into a kaleidoscope of gray. He might be staring at one section of the horizon while the other sections erupted with life. 
Close behind, so close he was bumping into his pack, Serit yelped a warning. Jaysh ignored him and gestured over his shoulder for the old man to keep moving. 
He’d already weighed the pros and cons of circumventing these mud-pimples and it was not to their advantage. The straightest path was still the quickest, and bearing in mind what would happen to their visibility when nightfall came, a detour to the south was out of the question. 
Unless something came out of these hovels and threatened them, they needed to keep their tongues still, their legs moving, and slip to the other side in a steady, yet cautious manner. The portals, so far, had presented themselves as dead and lifeless and, unless he or Serit made undue noise to attract attention, there was no reason to anticipate a change.
There was a tug at his pack and Jaysh industriously ignored it. The tug came again, harder this time—almost unseating his moccasins from the slime—and Jaysh swung his arms in the air to regain balance. When his feet were planted, he whirled around, prepared to throttle the tugger, and went cold with what he saw. 
Serit was staring in horror at something to the west, his eyes comically wide and his mouth a hair-lined cave at the bottom of his face. He was pointing at something ahead of them, pointing in the same frantic manner as he had pointed at the mounds. 
Jaysh spun back around. 
Halfway across the bugling terrain of clodtropolis, just visible in the dissipating fog and stretching from north to south as far as the eye could see, was a swath of something black and glistening.
Jaysh stood there and stared at it, waiting for the swath to move. When it did not, he resumed his forward progress and watched as the flat smear took on an impossibly dark hue, a glossy black even darker than the surrounding slime. The word road went through one part of his mind, but the other part of his mind was screaming at him that there were no roads.
After a few more steps, he could see that, whatever the thing was, it was much too wide for him to leap across. At roughly eighteen hands—or as wide as a man is tall—he might have been able leap across (if he slung his pack over first and got a good run at it), but the gangly old man behind him had no chance. 
He crept to within three paces of the sludge and stopped. It was black like pitch, the gelatinous resin used on the larger vessels in Blue Hole and on the wooden shingles of most Jashian homes, but that wasn’t what it was. 
For one thing, it had a glossy sheen that natural pitch lacked, and for another there were chunks of something inside it. The chunks gave the surface a rippled cast and Jaysh thought they were either congealed pieces of the sludge itself or debris from the ground below. For whatever reason, they deeply disturbed him. 
Huh-uh, he thought. I ain’t jumpin that. No way.
He looked south, searched for a place where the layer of sludge ended and they could go around, but saw no end in sight. It disappeared in the wall of fog and gave no impression that it waned along the way. He turned to the north and moved for the river, hoping to get lucky and find the waters had washed the sticky filth from shore. If that were the case, they could just wade around the mess through the shallows. 
The fog thinned around him as he walked and before he knew it he was standing at the banks of the Mela. He peered down at the shallows of the river…and felt a massive fist of ice squeezing on his chest. 
Unlike the thinner slime of the basin floor, the tarry sludge of the swath clung to the banks like a head of a leech. Worse yet, at the places where it touched the gently flowing waters, it turned them black with a greasy floating film that Jaysh found all too familiar. 
He winced and stepped back.



Chapter 32

Mums’ earlier assumption had been correct. The mansion was just as nasty on the inside as it was on the outside, only without the convenience of fresh air. In retrospect, she would compare the experience with that of pulling back a heavy curtain of hair and walking straight into a giant, cube-shaped armpit.
She took one step inside the foyer of the place, her arm still lodged in the vines of the entryway, and looked around. She was not Iman Janusery, not by a long shot, and her arm would remain pressed in these vines until she had ample time to quiet her alarm. 
Before her, a blinding rectangle of light streamed passed her mane and shoulder and made its mark on the glossy black of the waters. She could see no-see-ums flittering about inside (or maybe they were just gnats, she couldn’t tell), but not as many as she expected. Perhaps the smell was getting to them as well. 
She stepped over the threshold and let the vines swing across the entryway. Darkness sprang back inside the room and obliterated the light. With it, came the rotten stink of vegetables she had been keeping at bay with the cross breeze. She placed a hand to her snout and began breathing through her mouth.
…cling, dunk…dunk...cling…
Somewhere in the distant rooms, she could hear the effects of her footfalls in the water, the sound of floating debris knocking without rhythm against the walls. 
…dunk, dunk...cling…
Ever-so-slowly, her liquid brown eyes acclimated to the dimness and the sheet of stygian took on varying degrees of murk. She could see edges forming in the dark, lines of lesser black cast against the deeper shades of night. Were these things shelves? Were they cases? Had someone overturned a table? 
She decided it didn’t matter and took another step inside, pausing as the floating detritus bobbed and sank and brushed against her legs. Most of the moving flotsam was small and round—the larger and longer shapes jutting motionless from the water—but none of it appeared large enough to harm her. 
She lifted her eyes and searched for the stairs. At either end of the room, dull light sifted through the shade in the form of two identical doorways. She set off for the one on her right, selecting it for no particular reason, and made it only three paces before stopping dead in her tracks and looking around the room, spellbound.  
This was why, she thought, completely forgetting her need for fresh air. This was what he’d meant. 
In a long ago time, a time before the ineffable flood and the reign of the boggen, this room had been used as a lobby or anteroom by a very wealthy family. It was a place for guests to remove their hats and coats and for messengers to await their hosts. At least, that was the utilitarian purpose of the room. The esthetic purpose was to render the visitor speechless with awe, as it has done with Mums. 
Aside from the door-shaped lights on her left and right, the rest of the room was lined with shelves, wall to wall and floor to ceiling. The planking in question was, quite naturally, warped by time and ugly with rot, but it wasn’t the planking she was looking at. It was the things on the planking, the precious artifacts of steel and clay that she had hitherto associated with cultural museums and very old civilizations. 
There are others, sure, Iman had told her, but none this nice. 
At the time, Mums had thought the captain was being naïve and foolish (as usual), but now, after feasting her eyes on the anteroom alone, she had a better appreciation for what he had meant. This place spat in the face of a traditional colonial home. This place was, as Iman had said, a veritable mansion. 
She tracked her eyes along the wall to her left and spied a set of mold-caked pottery and a ceramic figure missing its arms. She ran them along the wall to the right and saw a series of turd-green trophy animals and a collection of heavily-corroded swords. Lowering them to the floor, she spied a broken suit of armor lying on its side, the eye slits of the helmet seeming to follow her across the room. 
Averting her eyes from the face shield, Mums hurried into the next room and located what she believed to be the dining area. Along the far wall, a finely-crafted table had been knocked upon its side and was slowly turning to sludge. Around it, an array of high-back chairs lay scattered in every conceivable position. Behind these, a fire place set between the two vine-covered windows, its mantel littered with intriguing conversation pieces that were now just mud and rust. 
Again, there were two doors at either end of the room and again she waded to the door on the right side. 
There were no stairs inside. It was a dead end chamber that appeared to be a decayed family room, one she recognized from outside as the room with the monstrous hole in the wall. 
Briefly, she considered the idea of venturing over and pushing back the vines for a quick breath of air, but for some reason the monstrous hole in the wall stayed her soaking feet. 
If they have holes in the walls, her mind reasoned, then why not the floor? And if there’s a hole in the floor, do you really wish to dangle your feet over the edge? 
She turned back to the dining area and weaved her way through the fallen chairs. At the far end, she peeked through the doorway and was greeted by a dimly-lit chamber, the darkest so far. There were things bobbing at her feet, black things rising and falling in the water. Some had horns, others a single reaching arm.
She shied back from them, stepping out of the doorway and seeing, as the light from the dining room windows poured past her, that they were pots and kettles. 
The kitchen? she wondered, glancing around the corner at the ruptured cabinets to the right and the dangling utensils in the ceiling. Upon several sets of looping chains, she saw forks and knives, pots and pans, all of them—chains included—coated in a slick layer of grime. 
Across from her, where a column of bricks crawled down the wall and plunged its head beneath the waters, she spied a tarnished cooking stove with its door wide open. At some point, the stove had been vented into the wall, but now the flu and ductwork were missing and there was only the rheumy hole in the masonry. 
Mums frowned at the hole and backed away, her eyes moving to a place on her right, between the larder and cutting table, where light was seeping through the wall. The light formed the shape of an upside-down ‘L’ and she wondered about the possibility of an external access door. 
She consulted the dining room wall, surveyed the bright glow of sunlight illuminating the vines over the windows, and decided it must be an external wall. 
Likely a service door, she thought. Probably for bringing in the firewood and supplies and the unsightly service staff. 
She continued backing across the flooded dining area, ignoring the temptation of a fresh breath of air. As inviting as it might be, she wasn’t interested in testing the backdoor or in going anywhere near that runny, chimney hole.
But it’s good to know, she thought. Windows will work in a pinch, but there’s nothing like a good door for when you’re running for your life.
She ducked through foyer door and made tracks around the watchful suit of armor, being careful to keep her eyes on the unexplored doorway. It was a risky move, rushing through the lobby and disregarding the floor, but it was a risk she was willing to take, especially if it meant getting out of the water. 
She exploded through the unexplored entryway, her paranoia at a full gallop, and found the room as poorly-lit as the kitchen. With heart pounding, she took several strides through utter darkness, waiting for her eyes to adjust and being rewarded with the sight of a staircase in the back. 
Relief washed through her like a mug of fresh brew and she lifted her foot from the water, praying to her Fates (thank them and keep them and have them make true). She pressed her foot down on the first plank and felt the soggy flex of saturated wood. She returned the foot to the water and ran her eyes up the staircase, trepidation gobbling her nerve. 
There wasn’t a flat step in the queue, and a few steps were actually missing, and where the banister should have protruded from the wall, there were only dowel supports jutting up like an old woman’s teeth. The banister itself had either disintegrated with time or been torn asunder by something large and ominous thundering up the stairs. 
The thing that came through the sitting room wall, she wondered, and craned her head in the direction of the foyer. 
This thought (after frightening her silly) actually brought her some solace. She had no proof that such a monstrous beast existed, or that it had ever climbed these rickety steps, but she had no proof to the contrary either. 
And if the stairs had held it…
She drew a fetid breath of air, possibly to make herself lighter, and set a foot on the first of the spongy planks. It groaned deeply, sounding like Reetsle when she’d told him he couldn’t kill the slithering beast at Eastpost, but it held. She tried the next and found it held as well, groaning like the first and then hissing like a witch’s cat at the end. The third snapped beneath her, but she managed to stutter-step to the next before falling through. After that, the remaining steps held true. 
At the top, she switched her club to her right hand and swiped her left at the bugs. They were worse up here than on the first floor and she wondered if that were a good sign or a bad sign. It crossed her mind that maybe something had died in the one of the three rooms she was staring at. She swiped at the pests once more and kept moving, making her way for the closest of the three doors and being sure to stay in the middle of the hall. 
On either side of her, pasty tendrils snaked along the flaked and broken walls, and along the edges of the corridor something soft and black filled the corners. She couldn’t tell what the stuff was, but assumed it was decomposed leaves. Or rather, she hoped it was. 
She stepped through the water-stained doorway and into the pinkish light, continued on until she was standing by the curtain of vines from whence the light came. She toyed with the idea of pushing back the gut-like tendrils—like curtains, like extra cover if we want to peak outside—but decided against it. 
Compared to the hall outside, there was an ocean of sunlight in here. Besides, she didn’t like the idea of drawing attention to herself, not if the slithering creature was within sight. She left the milky curtains alone and turned to inspect the chamber. 
It was hard to tell with such advanced decay, but she assumed it was a bedroom. On one side, there stood a moldy chest of drawers and wardrobe and on the other a moss-green abortion that might have once been a bed. 
She studied the latter and decided that now, with three of the four posts broken and the canopy draped across its face, it looked more like a shrouded corpse than a place to lie down for the night. 
But someone used to lie there, she thought. They used to lie there and dream. 
The very thought of lying down seemed to suck the energy from her legs and she found herself sidling into the corner and slumping against the wall, never realizing how tired she was until her haunches struck the floor and her shoulders hit the wall.
She pulled the cudgel into her lap—fully intent on placing it between her legs and tracing it with her finger—but hugged it to her instead. She stared at the dirty light in the hall and wondered if it were safe to close her eyes, if maybe she had time to take a nap before tracking down Reetsle and Iman and reviewing their plans. She was still contemplating this option when a pair of heavy boots came tromping inside the room. 
Mums blinked open her eyes, unaware she had closed them, and saw Iman Janusery hunched over the chest of drawers. Before she would speak, he yanked out a drawer, dumped the contents on the floor, and tossed the empty tray at the bed. 
The decomposing bedding managed to cushion much of the blow, but Mums still winced as wood struck fabric. Iman took no notice at all, already digging through the soiled and ratty garments as the discarded drawer came to a stop against the adjacent wall.  
Mums opened her mouth in a snarl, fully intent on giving the good captain a piece of her mind, and forgot what it was she had wanted to say. There was just something about the way he was digging through those garments that seemed to negate her own urgency.  
She closed her mouth and watched as Iman pawed through the last of the shirts and pants and then jerked out a second drawer. He dumped it beside the first pile and gave it a toss at the bed, descending upon the moldy articles before the drawer had come to a stop.
What does he think he’s doing? she wondered, watching him grab a pair of pants and shake them like a sackful of goodies. His eyes were on the floor the whole time, searching for loose items. When nothing came out, he slung the pants to the side and moved for the next item, paying no heed to the wet thump they made as they struck the wallpaper. Mums had seen enough.
“Iman dear,” she said, sliding her cudgel to one side.
Without looking at her, Iman yanked out another drawer and dumped its contents on the floor. “Hey, Mums,” he said, his tone flat and disinterested, the voice of a man who had just woken up. “What’d I tell you about this place? Nice, huh?”  
Mums made another groan as he tossed the spongy drawer at the bed, but again resisted the urge to spill forth a lecture. Right now, she wanted to know what he was doing. Or, better yet, why he was doing it. 
“Iman dear,” she said, scooting back on her haunches. “Is something the matter?”
Kicking at the newly-made pile of socks and undergarments, Iman said, “Nope.”
“Are you sure?” Mums asked. “You seemed to be looking for something.” 
Iman’s eyes picked over the socks and this time he said nothing.
Mums sat up a little more. “Well, whatever it is you’re doing,” she said, “you need to do it a little more quietly. Or,” she added, glancing at the window, “perhaps not at all.”
Iman to stopped kicking the booties and looked up at her, his usually carefree eyes full of a sobriety that shouldn’t be there, his usually grinning mouth set with an intensity that seemed a little out of place. 
He stared a moment more, then said, “Mums, you okay?”
Mums drew herself up with a breath and exhaled wearily. “As a matter of fact, Iman Dear, I’m not exac—”
Out in the watery streets of Elnor, the halfling had begun to yell.



Chapter 33

When the open-mouthed hiss of the bole-beast finally sang through the air, Brine Denbauk found himself jumping in place. His eyes, which had been closed in prayer, popped wide open. His hands, which had been gripping his wauk and counting the braids, jerked down so hard they nearly ripped the shank from his skull.  
He hadn’t intended to pray so fervently that he lost focus on the wilderness and the Lathians. He’d actually planned to use his prayers as a means to appear preoccupied until Owndiah provided him with an opportunity to sneak into the cave, a part of his subterfuge.  
The rationale went something like this: If he was, in fact, being detained, it stood to reason that a disciple who appeared content with life and at peace with his station would be much less likely to warrant the attention of his captors than a disciple who, let’s say, appeared upset with his lot and planning his escape. 
By Brine’s way of thinking, there was nothing that screamed, I hate this place and I want to escape, like a long-faced traveler slumped in the sand and frowning at his sandals. In other words, he and his teacher needed a hobby.
As usual, Godfry had no issue appearing preoccupied. Even before Brine had reached his conclusion, the old man had shoved his face in the Wogol and was reading like a mad imp. Brine’s pastime, however, was not as easy to come by. 
With his pack abandoned to the bole-beast half-a-league to the south, there were really only three plausible options afforded him: He could use his finger and draw pictures in the sand, he could lean over Godfry’s shoulder and read from the Wogol, or he could pray to God and count the braids on his wuak. 
After giving it some thought, he decided against the drawing. He wasn’t much of an artist anyhow, but it was the idea of lower his head to the ground (and away from the Lathians) that presented him with a deal-breaker. 
As for reading the Wogol over his teacher’s shoulder, he steered clear of that option because he was afraid the Lathians might see the proximity of their heads and worry that they were conspiring against them (something the Jashians had already done).
In the end, he decided to go with counting his prayer braids and giving thanks to Owndiah. To be perfectly honest, if was going to pull this escape off without a hitch, he was going to need all the prayer he could get. Also, it seemed like the best choice of the three for averting the attention of the Lathian horde…or so he thought. 
When he first began, and the Lathians took notice of his moving lips, the negative attention was in abundant supply. A few of them pointed and glared, a couple shook their heads in disgust, and one even threatened to come over and tie the ponytail around Brine’s throat if he so much as whispered one of his prayers. Brine nodded that he understood and quickly lowered his head. 
All in all, he thought the ploy was a magnificent success. Despite the negative attention he initially attracted, none of the Lathians actually made good on their threats to hang him with his wauk, and with time all of them forgot he and Godfry were even there. 
Just one more provision, he thought, and decided to honor his maker by mouthing the words to one of the more inspirational prayers. It was from the five-hundred and fifty-third chapter in the Book of Havitt, written after the prophet’s cycle-long estrangement in the Desert of the F’kari and detailing the Almighty’s faithfulness to meet the prophet’s needs. 
Before long, Brine found himself engulfed by the meaning of the words and felt himself being set upon by the sweetness of Owndiah’s peace, not quite the peace that surpasseth all human understanding, but a very deep and relaxing peace none-the-less, one that whisked away all troubles and cares. 
It was only later, when the bole-beast released its breathy cry into the sky, that Brine remembered why it was he was reciting the five-hundred and fifty-third chapter of Havitt and, as a consequence, pulled down hard on the braid in his hands. 
Ouch! Ouch! Ouch!
Scratching feverishly at roots of his wauk, Brine sat erect in the sand and grabbed his teacher’s arm. Godfry mumbled something to the tune of, “What’s this, now,” but his head never left the Wogol. 
Brine ran his eyes along the lumpy bole-line to the north, the direction of the hissing, and searched for the swollen outline of the bole-beast as it came streaking from the tongues. He could not see the creature as of yet, but the breathy hiss was still passing through blinding blue of the sky. 
And we all know how much this thing likes to tease. 
He continued to dart his eyes along the distant rumple of black, confused by the information his ears provided. Hingle’s screams, before they had ended, had come from the wilderness to the south, from the other side of the rock spur. Assuming the screams were elicited by the monster, why then were the beast’s cries coming from the north? Had it skirted the desert in search of them? Were there two of the wretched things? 
Brine clenched his teeth at the latter possibility and turned his eyes to the defensive arc of mercenaries. If one of the bole-beasts had managed to kill ten of them, could the remaining twenty survived against multiple creatures? From the looks of those scurrying around the horseshoe perimeter, Brine wasn’t so sure. 
As he watched, several of the cutthroats were still scrambling to make their feet, some climbing up spears, others kicking up sand. Those already on their feet when the cry was made were now tripping over each other in a mad dash for the spur, the whole of the horseshoe formation seeming to collapse in on itself as all men (seated, standing, or somewhere in between) went backpedalling from the boles. 
Overhead, the warning cry came to its resonant terminus and an unholy silence returned to the desert. 
Brine went stone still and held his breath, as did everyone around him. He could hear the crunch of sand as a few straggling men jockeyed for position, then a few muttered curses at both gods and mothers alike, but for the most part the silence held sway. 
Again from the north came the old familiar taunt of, “…Khaut-Khaut-Khaut­…,” then the silence descended like a veil.
Brine could hear the blood-pump in his chest thumping like mad, but in the limp, snake-like tongues to the north, he heard no sound or movement. Checking the Lathians once more, he saw they were mimicking the pulsing stillness to the north, their breathing shallow, their jaws clenched. 
At the far end of the stunted horseshoe formation, movement caught Brine’s eye. A man with a pale face and sweaty complexion was doubling over his ample gut and splattering both boots with a warm breakfast of cornmeal and beef. He splattered the boots of the men to either side of him as well, but neither man took their eyes from the distant flora.  
Brine joined them, turning back to the motionless queue of boles and listening for the sound of movement or taunting. He heard only the internal drum of his own heart. 
And then it hit him. 
This is it, he thought. This is our distraction, this is the answer to prayer. 
Very slowly, he turned and cocked an eye behind him. Balthus the Vultureman was still maintaining his composure on the rocks, still overseeing the disturbance like the pajama-clad scavenger he was. 
Brine pictured himself helping Godfry to his feet and making for the cave, pictured Balthus alerting his thundering cronies and having one of them stick a hipbone into Brine’s side. Brine watched himself sailing through the air like a dusty rag only to have another man step on his neck and a third drive a knee in his back. He turned back to the wilderness and forced himself to breathe.  
We’ll wait, he thought. We’ve got nothing but time. 
In contradiction to this claim, a second, “Haaaaaaaaaa…,” came rolling out of the northern tongues. 
Brine tensed and drew Godfry’s arm a little closer. He heard a mumbled, “Hmm,” from the old man, but nothing more. Across the sweeping tract of charcoal sands, the flaccid band of vegetation remained unchanged.
He checked the men around him to see if maybe he was looking in the wrong place, but they were all looking north as well, the only deviation being the type of look they made. 
The archers closest to the spur were staring down the shafts of their arrows with grim and hate-filled eyes, the tips of their bolts sweeping from one end of the horizon to the other. Out in front of them, at the collapsing bow of the defensive arc, there were a lot more hysterical grimaces and panic-stricken gapes. Only one man seemed to be immune from them. 
Brine squinted at the fellow and saw that he was standing at the very fringe of the arc, a man with a pock-marked face, a shock of red hair, a dagger in one hand, and a sword in the other. The man’s lips were twisted in the kind of snarl one expected to see on a rapid dog and he was shifting his weight from one boot to the other, his upper body rocking with movement. 
Brine’s gaze lingered on the orange-red of the man’s hair and thought it fitting. The golden hoop in his left ear, however, he wasn’t so sure about. Such a fanciful decoration seemed out of place on a man with such obvi—
From the previous night, a memory flashed in Brine’s head, a memory of a silhouetted man tugging at his ear, his left ear. Then, before he could put a name to the red-haired menace, he heard the man speaking to the others and all speculation ended.  
“Easy, now,” the man said, speaking in a rough and gravelly voice. “Hold easy, now.”
Brine went cold to the bones. It was him, all right. There was no mistaking the devilish timbre in his voice. 
“It’s funnin with us,” Ardose told them. “Tryin to lurin us out an’ get us in the open.” He shook his head at the desert. “We ain’t fallin for it. We’re hold here, right here. Nice an’ easy like.”
Brine knew the angry man wasn’t speaking to him, but he tried very hard to comply. The monster had gotten around to its choking cough—Khaut-Khaut-Khaut­—and that strange noise was now playing on every one of Brine’s frazzled nerves. It was taking everything he had not to yank up his teacher and go bolting for the cave.
Speaking of which…
A quick glance to the right told him the old man was still huddled over his book, his yellow shoulders hunched, his bushy white beard peeking around the cover. He could hear his teacher muttering softy as he read the passages aloud. He closed his eyes and leaned a little closer and for one brief moment it was almost like Owndiah were speaking to him through his mentor.
Be ready, He was saying. Be ready, my good and faithful servant. The time of your provision is nigh upon thee. 
Still listening to the voice of his creator, Brine heard the sound of footfalls at the end of the horseshoe formation. He opened his eyes and drew them to the disturbance, finding the man, Ardose, advancing from the queue and stopping several paces out. He turned his fiery head from east to west and from west to east, his suspicious gaze panning for the creature. 
Brine could empathize. His woeful experience with wildlife included the stealing of kittens from the royal stables and the feeding of stray dogs at the monastery, but even he knew that something was amiss. This was not the behavior of a creature that exploded from tongues and snatched guides into boughs. This was something else entirely. This was something wrong.
Ardose stopped panning his head and studied the boles to the north. He raised his dagger to his throat and dragged the blade along his whiskers. The gesture made a soft grating noise amidst the stillness of the spur, the only sound to be heard save for the dull background noise of Godfry’s muttering. 
Ignoring his teacher, Brine sank his fingers in the old man’s robes and drew him near, now hearing the sound of footsteps at his rear, the sound of an archer flanking the front lines and setting for a clearer shot. His feet made a swift poomp-poomp-poomp noise across the sand. 
Brine did not turn to mark him. Partly, he did not wish to distract the man from his task, but mostly he did not wish to draw the man’s attention. Should the man become antsy or unnerved (as he was), Brine did not wish to be the first sign of movement the fellow saw. 
This was why, when the man’s fingers finally succumbed to the tension and he dropped his bow to the sand, Brine continued to hold his eyes in the north. This might have been a larger cause for alarm, but the man at the front of the formation had dropped his axe five times already. 
It was not until the man began kicking his boots at the ground and spraying the spur with sand that Brine Denbauk decided to risk being shot. With several of the other Lathians joining him, he turned around to have a look…and frowned hard at what he saw. 
The archer was bent over backwards as far as his spine would allow, much like a man walking under a low-lying branch in an exhibition of dexterity. Why he was doing this, Brine hadn’t a clue. Nor did he understand the wild clutching motions the man was making towards his neck, at least not until he caught sight of the man’s head.
The man’s head was locked in the jaws of something smooth and black standing behind him, something pulling the man backwards as it crept quietly around the spur.
“Sweet Atra,” someone gasped, and amid the other shocked gasps and terrified cries, Ardose began to scream, “Shoot! Shoot! Shoot!” 
The archers did, or they tried. The problem was that those farthest from the beast had to move around the other mercenaries to get a clear shot and those closest to the beast were hastily backing into everyone else. 
“Shoot it!” Ardose roared. “Shoot the banning thing! SHOOT IT!”
Brine ducked, and fell to his side, but by the time the first bolt was fired, the black hump of the bole-beast was nearly out of sight. A few quarrels sparked off the rocks, several more blurred off into the clearing, but only one or two managed to hit the choking man trapped in the creature’s maw.
Blue feathers sprouted in the man’s thigh, stomach, and chest—followed by a distinctive red stain spilling down his front—and Ardose began to scream, “No, no, no, you’re hittin our man, NOT our man!”  
The choking man stopped clawing at its head and his arms slumped down to his sides. The bole-beast dragged the dead man a few more paces then spat him out and leapt behind the spur. Brine could see a sliver of boney white snout peeking around the corner. 
“Khaut-Khaut-Khaut!”
The archers went mad. They fired one volley of arrows after another, firing as Ardose shrieked for them to, “Hold your fire, Hold you fire,” firing as their wooden missiles popped and exploded against the rocks, and firing even as the crouching bole-beast remained hidden behind the stones. When the volley’s ended, it tore around the corner and charged. 
Brine saw the line on his side of the horseshoe formation collapse like a house of cards, the creature coming right into its midst. The Lathians were scurrying to make a counterstrike, but none of this entailed any swinging or jabbing. They were only running, and to make matters worse, they were running into each other, slamming men who had reloaded their bows and raised their blades. 
One such man, a fellow with black and blue feathers in his hair, toppled over Godfry’s left shoulder and knocked the Wogol from his grasp. Eyes wide and searching, Godfry gave the man a bewildered look and made for his book, reaching only his arm halfway before Brine yanked him flat against the ground. Godfry managed an inarticulate question and then he was spitting sand as someone sat on his head. 
Trying to shield him from further damage, Brine threw himself over his teacher and listened as something like a bear trap snapped in the air a mere finger-length from his head. Holding his teacher tight, he could see black movement in the corner of one eye, something like a moving bole slamming a man in the side and sending him sailing. 
Brine watched the man land in a sprawling heap, then watched a black paw—a webbed paw—streak through the crisp morning air and rake four white icicle claws through another man’s chest. This man fell on Brine’s back, knocked the wind from his lungs, and pinned him to the ground as a whole slew of other men went flailing over him, various parts of their anatomy stamping or crushing various parts of his: a sword hilt to the head, a boot heel to the gut, fingers to the eye. 
When it was finally over, Brine lay there in a stew of shock and disorientation, gasping for breath and trembling all over. He couldn’t be certain—not with his freshly-bludgeoned brainpan—but it sounded as though the symphony of destruction was receding into the boles. The Lathian curses were drifting off, the shouts were dying down, the bestial poomp-poomp-poomp dwindling from the desert. 
He sat up and looked around, and the hissing-thing was gone. He knew this not because the creature was nowhere to be seen, but because he could hear a man shrieking on the other side of spur. He could also see a group of men reacting to the screams on this side of the spur. They were moving towards the screaming man, and they had their weapons in hand, but they weren’t exactly racing to intercept. 
Hoping to take his mind from those cries, Brine looked to his teacher. He found the old man staring at him with a questioningly look on his face, like he’d come face to face with the mother of all equations. 
Brine, who was sure his own face looked no better, nodded at him. After a time, his teacher nodded back.
“I have sand in my hair,” Godfry observed, leaning forward to retrieve the Wogol from the ground. 
“Me too,” Brine said, reaching over his shoulder to retrieve his wauk from his back. He caught sight of something by the rocks and stopped his hand where it was. The rocks were empty. 
Balthus had descended from his perch and was engaged in a heated discussion with Ardose over by the dead archer. The discussion was about the dead man at their feet—the one the other archers had turned into a human pincushion—but more importantly the discussion was taking place away from the cave. 
Brine felt a flush of warm air pass within his core. Aside from a handful of casualties—and, of course, he and Godfry being trampled like dandelions—this was shaping up nicely. He grinned to himself and thought he heard a voice speaking in his mind.
Oh, thou good and faithful servant, the voice was saying, thy time is nigh upon thee.



Chapter 34 

“Mums! Mums, you in there!”
Mums rolled to her feet and lumbered to the window, her imagination having gone wild with imagery. She just knew the slithering creature from Eastpost had taken hold of Reetsle. She saw it in her mind’s eyes as clearly as she saw Iman Janusery stepping out of her way.
The halfling had been making his false trail through the soaking colony, paying no mind to where he was or what he was doing, and the slithering creature had come from out of nowhere and snatched him from the water. It had hoisted him up in one enormous hand and was now doing to him the horrible thing she had witnessed at the corral.
But no, she thought. I can hear him splashing in the water. He might be pursued, but he is not captured. 
She stopped at the window and laid a hand to the sill, aware of a peculiar sensation crackling through her center, something like the static electricity that built along her fur during the winter cycles. It was sparking and leaping and causing her insides to feel light and disjointed. 
It struck her that the halfling’s cries—Mums! Hey, Mums! Mumsy!—were cutting through her head like rusty knives, and wasn’t the spongy wood against her thigh sending needles of energy through the surface of her flesh? She slipped a hand into the gut-white vines covering the window and felt a wave of crawling skin travel the length of his arm. 
 “MUMS!” the halfling cried, his wet footfalls ceasing just outside. “JANU’ERY?” 
Why is he yelling? Mums fumed, pushing back the tendrils and shielding her eyes. This one’s banging on the walls. That one’s playing town crier. Did we not sit at the banks of this very bog and hatch this plan together? What do they think is going on?
But that was just it. The two of them didn’t know what was going on. They had not seen what she saw last night and they did not know what the slithering creature had in store for all those it caught. 
Reminding her self that she needed to enlightened them to the precarious nature of their situation—once she had them together and once they were safely locked away in this second–story bedchamber—she leaned her massive head through the window and peered down at the sloshing street of black. 
The halfling wasn’t there, only a sheet of bobbing, ebon water. 
She stared at it for a moment, confusion welling in her mind, then heard the splashing of twisted legs moving through the foyer. She withdrew her head from the window and the splashing ceased, replaced by the whoosh of displaced water and the thud of the front door closing on its frame, all of this followed by the soft thunk of a crossbar being dropped into place.
She winced at each and every noise, grimly pleased that he was no longer yelling, and decided that there was no time like the present. As soon as he made his way to their bedroom hideout, she would disclose to both of her partners the hideous truth about their pursuer. Maybe then they would take this operation seriously. 
She turned to face the entryway, letting the vines squish back into place across the glass-less, pane-less window, and noticed that Iman had vacated the room. 
She stopped listening to the footfalls of the halfling as he rushed blindly through the saturated rooms below and let her ears travel along the upper levels. She listened for the thump of displaced drawers or the scrape of rotten furniture, but heard neither of these sounds. She would have to track down the irresponsible captain once Reetsle arrived, but for now at least one of them was being quiet. 
Below her, the halfling was on the move. With the front door secured, she could hear him splashing through the dining room, hesitating as he peeked inside the kitchen, then the sitting room, then backtracking through the foyer to the musty staircase. 
Unlike Mums, he never hesitated at the foot of the stairs. He pounded up the rickety steps like a halfling possessed, moving so fast that he skidded in the black sludge layering the hall and slid right passed the chamber door. She watched him and his oversized battle-axe go gliding a few paces down the corridor, then come scrambling back inside the room.  
“It’s here!” Reetsle yammered, stabbing a finger at the window and doubling over for breath. “I heard it—heard it down yonder.”
Mums glanced at the vine-covered window and stepped away.
“Yeh hear it?” he gasped, hobbling towards her through the room. “Tha’s our boy, ain’t it?”
Mums thought that it was, but rather than confirm this, she filled her lungs with air and emptied them very slowly. 
“Your voice, Reetsle,” she said, politely. “Please lower it.” 
She turned back to the window and poked a finger through the tendrils, moving one brown, apple-sized eye to the gap and peering out at the colony. 
The street-waters below, where Reetsle had stood jumping up and down and screaming for his partners, were very slowly reverting to their previous tranquility. The waters at the eastern rim of Elnor, however, were starting to ripple with movement, and she could hear the cause of those ripples crashing its way towards them. 
She still didn’t know what the creature looked like, but she could tell it was big. It sounded like a massive oak falling into the water, only the closer the thing came, the less it sounded like single tree and the more it sounded like three distinct trees striking at the bog. 
Mums closed her eyes and listened and the sounds changed as they advanced. The first and second eruption sounded like boulders being dropped into the morass and the third sounded more like a wave crashing on a shore. The pattern repeating itself in the air, a pair of striking splashes then a slow and steady whoosh of displaced water. She opened her eyes and exhaled. 
“It’s here,” she said. 
“I knew it!” Reetsle bawled. “I knew I heard the th—!” 
Mums spun on him like a ravenous bear. “Lower your voice!” she hissed, and watched as the halfling not only lowered his voice, but took several steps back from her, the look in his blue and brown eyes a kind of subdued fury. 
Mums felt the pins-and-needles electricity settle down and a cold phantom of regret washing in to take its place, followed swiftly by a mountain of oppressive guilt. 
“I’m sorry,” she said. “I’m so sorry. It’s my nerves. They’re…,” she trialed off, inhaling deeply, then exhaling slowly, “…I shouldn’t have snapped like that.” 
Reetsle gave her an appraising look, appeared to be assessing her proximity more so than her apology, then shrugged. 
“Doan’ worry bout it,” he said, swiping a hand through the air and acting like it was no big deal. Mums might have believed him, too, had she not seen the fury still smoldering in his eyes. “How close is it?” 
Mums turned back to the gap in the vines and let her eyes unfocus, listening to the splash…splash… whooosh at the eastern rim. She began to nod slowly, almost resolutely. 
“It will pass by soon,” she said, fixing him with her wet brown eyes. “We need to warn Iman.”
Reetsle grabbed a stool by the door, one slick with slime and missing its back, and dragged it to the window.
“I think he’s just down the hall,” Mums said. “If you’ll go and retrieve him, I’ll monitor the creature.” 
Propping the stool against the wall, Reetsle said, “You fetch im—I’ll listen.” 
Mums stiffened. “Reetsle, you know you can’t—” hear as well as I can was what she meant to say, but that half of the sentence seized in her throat as the sound of displaced water sped up in her ears. Outside the window, the languid, splash…splash…whoosh had changed into a frantic splash-splash-whoosh, splash-splash-whoosh, splash-splash...
She turned to the window and felt as though her insides were running out her toes. Had it heard them speaking? Could it sense the trail growing fresher? Was that even possible in two hands of ground water?
“Never mind,” she said. “There’s no time.” 
Reetsle said nothing, but she felt him climb atop his stool and weasel in beside her, felt the vines slither in place as he made a split in the living curtain. 
Together, they peered out at the black and the brown of the swamp, out at the edge of the colony where the open streets of Elnor gave way to looming cypress of the Dell. There, the ebon waters of the bog were rising and falling and sending bowing waves of black out from the trapezoidal trunks. 
The first of these waves drifted into the streets of the colony, struck the side of a roofless home, and rebounded to the source. Before it could travel full-circle, though, two more rippling lines rolled out of the wooden stalagmites and plowed straight through it, these two coming in quicker succession than the first and standing taller as well. 
Mums felt her breathing slow as she watched the pattern persist, each set of waves coming closer on the heels of the last and each set rising a little higher than those before them. Soon the waters of the Dell were frothing and churning with activity, lily pads lifting, street-waters foaming, branches and wall-planks floating off through the colony.
With a tremendous crash, something long and white threw itself out of the stumps and vines and dived below the water—Splash! 
Mums started despite herself and knocked Reetsle from the stool. She heard him strike the floor behind her (letting out a curse upon impact), but she did not turn to check on him. She could not turn to check on him. No more than she could sprint down the corridor and warn the captain to be still. 
Her eyes were nailed to the abomination extending from the waters. It had submerged its head below the surface, but the rest of it stuck up like a colorless pillar of meat and disappeared into the trees. She thought it looked like a sallow neck, but she needed to see more of the thing to be certain. She needed to keep her nerve the next time it moved.
Before it could, though, a second long ashen beam threw itself out of the lily pads not six paces from the first. It buried its head in the water as well (Splash!) and then went still. 
From just behind the wall of trunks and horse-hair mosses, a massive whooshing sound filled the air of the colony. With it, something huge came pressing through the vines and branches, something indistinct in the vegetation, but with that same corpse-like hue as the vertical shafts protruding to either side. 
One of the beams pulled loose of the water and threw itself forwards, the one on the other side followed suit, and it was then that Mums saw the fingers at the ends of each shaft. The beams were arms, and as one of them ripped free of the water and lurched across the muck, she saw the mass of white behind the trees crash a little farther into the open. The arm on the left did the same, shivering slightly from the strain, and the white mass came crashing through the vines. 
Mums wasn’t sure the tissue between the two arms was a torso, but the thing affixed atop the tissue was definitely not a head. It looked like the drooping boughs of a fully-developed weeping willow, only instead of leafy green boughs, these boughs brought forth a cascade of black, corn-silk hair. 
At her elbow, Reetsle leaned out the window and muttered a curse to Rendel. 
Without speaking—without looking—Mums placed a hand on the halfling’s headgear and drew him back inside. She wanted to do more. She wanted to twist his little face around and scream, See! Do you see! That’s the thing I saw! That’s it! And if you think that’s something, wait until you see what it can do!
Instead, she raised her cudgel and cradled it in her arms. She watched the creature move and felt his insides squirmed. There was just something about the way it dragged itself through the water that made her uneasy, as though it either didn’t have legs or its legs were without feeling. 
She scanned the rear of the thing for legs and saw something like an ivory shoal of sand peeking up from the water. If that were a leg, it was clearly along for the ride. The actual mobility was based solely upon the industry of the arms.  
Or humps, she corrected herself, remembering the three shadowy humps she’d observed at Eastpost, the two on the outside and the one in the center. She thought about the bobbing motion that pursed them out of Eastpost and realized the outer humps had been the creature’s shoulders and center hump its wilting head, as one arm thrusting forward and dropping the shoulder, the other arm curled under the body and raised a shoulder. Watching this in the light of day, she couldn’t wait for the creature to disappear around the mansion. 
But would it? she wondered, glancing at the street where she’d watched the halfling start the false trail. Did Reetsle have time to finish? 
Studying the crawler’s progress, she saw the creature was still three blocks away and following their real trail. She wouldn’t know anything until the creature travelled another two blocks. Two very long blocks, she added, hugging her cudgel and praying to the fates.
 The crawler crossed the first block and Mums could see the hair on its head creeping down its spine, could see the roadmap of its vascular system showing through it doughy skin, squiggling blue veins, dark black arteries. 
Can I see the other thing? she wondered. Can I see the thing I don’t want to see?
She lowered her eyes to what little of the thing’s stomach she could see. There at the lower torso and upper abdomen, she spied the queer vertical lines running down from the sternum and disappearing in the water. They were swollen and gray and stuck out from the rest of the creature like the tissue of a scar. 
She wasn’t aware of her lungs seizing in her chest, but she saw the memory in her head with crystal clarity. She saw the dark of the previous night and the light of twinkling stars. She saw her shaggy paw swatting Bloodhair on the rump and sending Reetsle on his way. She saw Iman finish his marksmanship and follow the halfling into the west. 
The crawler broke from the corral and veered towards them, the black of its body undulating against the charcoal of the sky, and then it just stopped on that last rise beside the pens, rose up on those colonnade-like arms and spilled forth something from the center of its body, something dark and cylindrical and as motionless as the night. Only…
Only she knew it was a man. She knew because of the way the poor soul thrashed in reeds and screamed at the stars, screaming like he’d been set ablaze. 
And that’s where he came from, she thought. From that gray slit in its belly, from that sideways mouth in the stomach of—
“Hey.”
Mums jumped and looked down, finding Reets shaking one of her arms.
“Yeh seein this?” he asked, releasing her arm and turning to the yard. Mums followed his gaze and felt her insides clench. 
The crawler, instead of veering beside the manor and following after the false trail, was almost at the front door of the estate. It wasn’t possible, and yet…and yet she could see the white reef of its tail protruding from beneath the porch, rising from the water.
But how? she raged. How can this be? 
She leaned back from the window, dropped her gaze to the halfling, and mouthed the words: Did you finish the trail?
Reetsle made a nasty face and mouthed, Yeah!
Mums pointed a finger through the muck-covered wall panels at the crawler beyond and raised both hands to her side, palms to the ceiling. 
Reetsle shook his head and shrugged. He tapped a finger to his chest to indicate himself, then raised the hand between them and walked his index and middle finger through the air, pointing to the side of the mansion to indicate his false trail. 
Mums nodded that she understood the message and leaned her head out the window. She made it about halfway, not quite far enough to see the thing’s tail still rising from the ichor, and the rotting bedroom in which she stood jerked sharply to one side, the planks shifting, the walls shuddering.  
Wheeling back from the window, she raised her hands for balance and watched the halfling do the same, or watched him try. He went down in a heap of arms and legs and double edged battle-axe, but he was back on his feet in no time, staring at her with a puzzled scowl. 
She peeked her head outside once more, knowing it had to be the crawler, but not knowing how. The blow had felt like the arm of a siege weapon striking the front of the mansion and she strongly doubted that even a creature as large as the crawler cou—  
Between the cracks in the gut-vines, she watched as something pasty and round slung back into view—was that an elbow?—and then the room was dancing out from under her once more. She swung her arms for balance and shot out a foot for support, aware of the ceiling spitting wood and the walls spewing fungus. 
She caught a blur of movement behind her and saw the halfling in her periphery. He had a hand on the door jam and was kicking at a half-rotted pair of pants wrapped around his ankle. Freeing his boot of the musty garment, he sprang into the hall and raced to the left.
Mums lumbered after him, reaching the corridor and taking two steps before another sledgehammer blast took her knees out from under her. She careened into the wall and felt pieces of wood and plaster littering her mane. She pushed off the wall and carried on, bearing down on the halfling just ahead of her, his boots slipping in the black sludge and one hand braced against the wall. 
She took two great strides, pulled almost parallel with the stumbling adviser, and felt a hand grab her from behind.



Chapter 35

Jaysh stared at the Mela in stunned disbelief, his eyes perceiving the impossible. There at the river’s edge, in the place where the gravy-brown waters of the Mela should have been flowing against the slimy black banks of the Bottoms, the poison had returned. 
Only it cain’t be, his mind told him, trying not to be outdone. It caint be cured down yonder an’ then gone sour up here. 
Jaysh moved his gaze into the center of the river and saw that he was partially correct. The bulk of the greasy-black film was located in the water before him and to the west, but in the area to the east the effects of the poison were not fully realized. 
He turned his head and studied the Mela to the east, watching as the glistening slick broke apart and left an uneven pattern of brown blotches on a predominantly black river. Even further to the east, the toxic sludge thinned more so and the pattern reversed itself, becoming a system of black splotches on a predominantly brown river. 
Beyond that, at the place where the mists solidified and he could no longer see, the noxious substance was gone entirely.
Jaysh lowered his head to the highway of pitch cutting him off from the Bottoms to the west. He still didn’t know where it came from (other than, out of the fog to the south), but now he knew where it ended. 
He stared at the place where the viscous, lumpy swatch disappeared below the inky waters of the Mela. It seemed like a huge coincidence that these two phenomena should overlap—a swath of gummy black sludge ending at the point in the river where the waters turned slick with poison—but for all he knew that was precisely what it was, a big stupid coincidence. 
He scratched his beard lazily and wished Zeph was with him. Vine helped him prime the think-pump, but when it came to calming his nerves so the think-pump could work, nothing came close to holding his little friend and running his hand down her back. He could almost feel the fur and scar tissue beneath his calluses, could almost register the smooth purring of her throat and the soft warmth of her body… 
Standing well back from the glistening, black tar, Serit Branmore said, “Is this it?” 
Never taking his eyes from the sludge, Jaysh stepped back and squatted on all fours, his hands and knees sinking in the lesser slime that coated the Bottoms. After that, he used his toes as anchors and slid forward on the palms of his hands, moving his nose towards the sludge.
When his head was an arm’s length away, he caught a whiff of the invisible fumes rising from the tar and that was pretty much it for his old factory experiment. The stink was worse than any odor he’d ever smelled, far worse than the odors he and Iman used to smell wafting from the healer’s chamber, back in the days when he and Iman were young and stupid and believed spying on adults—assuming that word applied to the healer—was the greatest joy ever.  
“Young Jay—” 
Jaysh was aware of Serit speaking, but did not understand the words. He was aware of bootfalls slopping towards him from behind, then the pressure at his shirt collar as someone hauled him back from the sludge. 
“Oh, my—Breathe! Breathe, young Jaysh! Please breathe!” 
Jaysh was trying, but his lungs were fighting him. They were fearful, no doubt, that he might try and inflate them with more of those heinous, killer fumes. He continued to cough and to gag and to lay on his side and eventually enough clean air entered his system. 
He pushed away from the ground-mucus and struggled to his feet, a spindly hand patting at his back. 
“Are you better?” the general asked. “Do you feel better now?” 
Wiping tears from his eyes, Jaysh felt something long and heavy hanging from the front of his beard. He plucked at it weakly and pulled away a string of saliva as long as his forearm and as thick as a quill. Wiping it on his pants, he nodded to the general that he was fine.
“Just keep breathing,” Serit told him, “and step away from there, if you would.” 
Jaysh felt the old man take hold of his arm, apparently to assist in this endeavor, but the woodsman jerked free of his grip and staggered off on his own. 
Taking no offense to the slight, his attention still focused on the pathway of sludge, Serit said, “This must be the concentrated form, young Jaysh. The form it takes before being diluted by the waters of Mela.”
Doubled over by another palpable wave of lightheadedness, Jaysh said something that sounded a lot like, “…mmmgh…,” but which had sounded more like, yeah, as the word had passed before his mind.
In response to this inarticulate grunt, Serit said, “You probably shouldn’t have done that, young Jaysh.” 
Jaysh lifted his head and glared at him, watching as the general turned his calculated gaze to the fading river in the west and appeared to be waiting for some enigmatic item to materialize from the clouds. 
When nothing ever did, he said, “They didn’t make it…did they.”
This declaration hadn’t been framed as a question, so Jaysh felt no obligation to answer. He could have, though, now that his lungs had remembered how to function and now that it was fairly obvious that something had happened to the Mela Party. 
The fact that Jaysh and Serit had reached this point ahead of Iman—traveling on foot through much of the Southern Sway and getting lost in the mists of the Bottoms—did not bode well for the captain. Still, he could not bring himself to speak the words aloud.  
Lowering his head to the thoroughfare of glistening black sludge, Serit said, “They would not have missed this.” 
Again, Jaysh silently agreed with the old man. Even if Iman’s party traveled on the north side of the river and could not see the trail of sludge on this side, they would have seen the changes in the river. That would have been cause to stop and investigate, and when nothing of relevance was discovered to the north, they would have crossed over at the shallows to the east and backtracked to this point. 
Still frowning at the gunk, Jaysh could only shake his matted head. 
Serit lifted his gaze to the overhead clouds and released a low groan of despair, the sound of all hope being siphoned from the soul, then turned to Jaysh and hit him with a look. What now? the look asked. What do we do now?
“Let’s get out’a here,” Jaysh said, making a nod towards the ghostly humps of Clodtropolis.
“Through there?” the general asked.
“Bout have to,” Jaysh said, turning north and facing the Mela. “Less’n we wanna take our chances in the river.” 
Serit turned north as well and said, “Oh, I…I don’t know about that, young Jaysh.”
“Me neither,” Jaysh said, watching the poison in the east. If this were to work, they would need a suitable place to cross, and if they hoped to escape the Bottoms before nightfall, they had no time to backtrack to the shallows, which meant they were up for a swim.
He ran his eyes along the fog-line in the east. Out there, the current was tearing the lethal concoction into misshapen camouflage and carrying it to the west. From the look of it, he thought the waters would be safe to cross, but they would have to walk much farther than that if they hoped to reach the other side. 
The same current that tore apart the poison would also sweep them into it. Combine that ugly truth with the general’s emaciated physique and questionable athleticism and they might never walk far enough to the east.
Less’n yeh gota drink it to die, Jaysh thought, trying to remember if the dead livestock had been drinking from the Mela or had merely stepped inside its waters. If the toxins had to be ingested, then he and Serit might be able to back into the river, assume a backstroke position—head held high—and half-float, half-kick straight through the mess. 
He was still mulling the idea over when his eyes swung sidewise and caught sight of his partner, that gangly old man who could recite every king from here to Arn and back, but who probably couldn’t lift his arms over his head without first warming up.
Following his gaze, Serit said, “I’m a very weak swimmer, young Jaysh.”  
“Are yeh,” Jaysh said, watching in his mind’s eye as the old man panicking halfway across the Mela and began thrashing in the poison, gargling on a mouthful of the fluid and then sinking out of sight. He shivered at the sight and lowered his eyes to the swath.
Following his gaze, Serit said, “If you are considering a walk to the other side, do keep in mind the concentration of the poison.” He pursed his lips, then relaxed them. “My boots might resist the saturation, but I worry for your footwear, young Jaysh.”
Jaysh glanced at the place in the ground-mucus where his moccasins were hiding. They were made of unlined deer hide, and he hadn’t oiled them in quite some time.  
“But perhaps,” the general said, “we can leap to the other side?” 
 Jaysh grunted at this as well. He had already played the scenario in his mind and it ended no better than the general’s swim into darkness. He doubted the old man’s legs remembered how to run, let alone run in a basin full of slime. 
“Welp,” Jaysh said, walking towards the crawfish village, “I reckon we ought’a have a look-see.” 
Serit took a few reluctant steps. “Er…for what exactly?”
“The end’a this thing,” Jaysh said, gesturing to the trail beside him. “It’s gota end somewhere.”
“It does?” 
“Yep,” Jaysh said. “We din’t cross it on the way in, back ‘fore we turned and come north.” 
Serit brighten at this. “That is true,” he said. “It has to begin somewhere north of our earlier trajectory.” He hummed thoughtfully and Jaysh could practically hear the transition from panicked-Serit to inquisitive-Serit. “Where do you suppose it came from?”  
Jaysh dropped his gaze to the tarry substance and frowned. He had no idea where something like this came from, but he didn’t want to give voice to the reality lest he reactivate the panicked-Serit. So, taking another page from Iman’s book of How to Look Smarter Than You Are, he said, “Where d’you reckon it come from?”
There came another pensive hum from the general, followed by, “Well, most subterranean oils tend to form pools after bubbling to the surface, so I don’t believe it seeped up from below. But of course, this is the Bottoms, so perhaps tend to doesn’t apply.” 
Jaysh stabbed his eyes at the poison.  “I doan’ reckon it bubbled up,” he said. “See them ripples jus there?” He slowed and pointed at a cluster of lumps in the glossy surface, like a smear of jam over the berry seeds. “That’s prob’ly rocks under there.”
Serit hummed that he saw them and then came to a stop. 
Jaysh turned and found him staring into the hazy eternity above, the general’s troubled expression that of a man who expected rainbows and found only clouds. Serit stared a moment more, then lowered his gaze and resumed his trek. The woodsman did the same.  
“Reckon something’s up there,” Jaysh said, pointing a hand to the clouds.  
Serit sighed despondently. “Oh, I was open to the possibility,” he said. “It was quite a walk down the side of the basin, and there is quite an abundance of mist hanging overhead.”
Jaysh glanced at the abundance. “You see anythin up there?”
“No,” Serit said, “but there were a few times I thought I heard something up there. It sounded like banners flapping in the wind, or a large mass passing through the air. Each time I looked, though, I saw only wisps of smoke and the illusion of shadow.”  
When nothing else followed, Jaysh gestured to the trail of sludge and said, “You doan’ think an imp made this? A flyer, maybe?”
“If an imp or ugling made this,” Serit explained, “I can assure you we’d have seen more than smoke and shadows, but on a more salient note…,” he trailed off and cleared his throat, “…I have issue with the composition of the trail. If you look at the sides, young Jaysh, you see there is no splatter about them.”
Staring at the smooth lip of the swath, Jaysh said, “Yeah.” 
“And,” Serit went on, “the swath itself seems to be following a rather straight trajectory.” He gave his throat a thoughtful clearing. “I dare say that if you and I were to pour a bucket of molasses on the ground from, oh…let’s say the castle parapets…do you believe we could be half as precise as this, what with air currents and muscular aberrations being what they are?”  
Growing more and more intrigued by this line of reasoning, Jaysh opened his mouth to ask about that last big word—the one about a bear’s muscles—but before his tongue had time to form the question, he spied something new coming toward them from the fog.
From behind him, Serit said, “I can tell you, young Jaysh, the answer is no. The molasses would spread from one end of the castle to the—OH MY GOODNESS!”
Advancing forward in a crouch, Jaysh cocked his head back and shushed the old man, doing so without taking his eyes from the thing materializing in the south. He kept his head like that for several more paces, sending an unspoken message to the general that he had no qualms about shushing him a second time or about traipsing back there and swatting him over the head. 
Serit did not need further encouragement. He held both his tongue and his bootfalls. 
There yeh go, Jaysh thought, turning his head back around. Cause if’n this thing here turns out to be what I think it is… 
Jaysh took one more weak-kneed step and then stopped. He’d moved close enough to see that the enormous mass taking shape in the fog was not a troll. It was a giant hillock of mud clods, one that stood three times taller than the matted hairs on his head.  
He tipped back his head and assessed the composition. The sloping walls of the knoll were made of clods as big as Mums’ head, each one ostensibly dredged up from below and stacked upon the other, and the grisly opening in the northern face of the mound was tall enough for the titanic ambassador to go striding in without having to worry about getting the god-awful slime on her mane.  
Not that she ever would.
For one thing, there was no way to tell where the floor of the giant burrow led, only that it descended into the ground like a ramp to the Bad Place. For another, the floor of the burrow was covered in the thick, black poison Jaysh and his partner had followed from the Mela.
This is it, he thought. This is it. 
He watched the dark and gummy trail sloping down like the diseased tongue of a leaper, then he ran around to the rear of massive burrow and swept his eyes along the mucus-coated ground. There was no sign of the noxious trail back there, no sign at all. 
Yep, he thought, moving back to the cave-like entrance. This here’s it. 
He turned and surveyed the lesser burrows in the colony, looking for one that might serve his purpose. Spying one in the east, he trotted after it like a man possessed.  
“Over here,” he hissed, waving for the old man to follow. He picked up the pace and never broke stride until he was sliding behind a waist-high burrow. 
Moments later, Serit came ambling into view and fell in beside him, legs kicking in the slime as he said, “Young Jaysh, just what do you think you’re doing?” 
Jaysh placed a finger to his lips and told him to shush.



Chapter 36

Mums nearly screamed as she spun round and slapped at the hand on her shoulder, so surprised by the contact that her shoulder struck the wall and her hip struck the halfling. She felt the wall crumble beneath her and heard the halfling go rolling down the corridor. 
Reetsle was still rolling as she peered up through the ominous gloom and laid eyes on her attacker. The attacker peered back, a steadily clearing outline in the surrounding murk. She could make out the bow and quiver over his shoulder, and the broadsword at his belt, the long black locks and the soft elk-skin boots. 
Iman swung his puzzled gaze from her to Reetsle and back again, his confusion steadily giving way to alarm. Clearly, he had not expected to step into the hall and find his colleagues sprinting for the staircase, nor had he expected to have one of them take a swing for his head as he put his hand to her shoulder. 
Rather than mention either of these unexpected events, he gestured outside and said, “What happened to the—” 
As one hissing voice, Mums and Reetsle sat up tall and began waving their hands, shushing him into silence.
Iman took a step back, his face indignant. “Hey, it’s too late for that!” he said. “That thing outside already knows we’re—”
Being the first to compose herself, Mums grabbed the captain by the front of his chainmail and pulled his shocked expression into her mane. 
“There’s a backdoor in the kitchen,” she whispered. “I don’t want that thing to hear us use it—Now move!” 
She pulled him around her and gave him a shove for the stairwell, watching as he skidded through the black mush on the floor and waved his arms for balance. He just managed to stop himself before stumbling head-over-heels down the queue of steps.
“Okay, okay, that’s fine,” he said, holding up his hands in entreaty, but still speaking in his regular voice. “I wasn’t finished yet, but hey, whatever. We can leave. I just, uh…,” he made a glance passed her at the other end of the hall, “…I’ll come back later, that’s fine. Big pain in my neck, you know, but whatever. If that’s how you want it—”
“We’re leaving,” Mums hissed, giving him a nudge with the cudgel. 
Iman backed down the stairs. “Okay, okay,” he said. “I get it!” He pumped his raised palms at her, fending her off. “But come on, that thing beating on the house—” the stairwell shook with the force of another blow “—it’s not even fast. It’s not like we’re in a hurry.”
“Move,” Mums said, jabbing the club at him as she and Reetlse descended a step behind. 
Eluding the end of the cudgel, taking another blind step down the stairs, Iman said, “It’s not midday yet…,” his eyes darted to the wall of the staircase as he thought, “…at least I don’t think it is.” His eyes snapped back to her. “I’m pretty sure we have time to try other places.” Hands still held before him, he shrugged his shoulders. “You two could get some rest. I could come back here once that thing leaves. Have a—” 
Whatever he was going to have once he came back was swallowed by the next explosion of wood in the stairwell. Before he could repeat himself, Mums cut him off.
“If we don’t reach the Sway by nightfall,” she snarled, splitting her attention between his descending head and the trembling stairs, “that thing outside will be the LEAST of your worries.”  
Iman’s brows dropped. “Are you still on about the boggen?”  
Mums didn’t answer. She was focused on the next step as she eased her weight on a spot near the outer wall, touching down on the mossy plank at the exact same time that the manor shuddered with the another quake-like blast. 
She stopped in mid-step, waited until she could hear again, then lowered her foot. The board held and she moved to the next, repeating the arduous process until she reached the bottom. 
She stepped into frigid ground water and felt Reetsle go racing around her. She heard him splashing through the darkness and tried to give chase, but Iman was in her way.
“You know,” he said, “I don’t really believe in the boggen. I know I told you I did, but I just said that.” He shrugged. “I wanted to visit the ruins and I thought that’s what you wanted to hear, but take it from me…,” he placed a hand on her shoulder, “…the boggen do not exist. They’re just stories, tale made-up by relatives to keep the looters out of their stuff.”  
Mums extended the bugle of her cudgel. “Keep moving,” she hissed, thinking the captain’s hypothesis seemed reasonable, but that now was not the time.
Weaving away from the club, Iman said, “But if we lea—” 
“It ain’t through yet,” Reets said, cutting him off from the lobby door, “but if’n we’re gona do this, we best get to doin’.” 
“You heard him,” she whispered, making a grab for Iman’s shoulder plate and watching him shrug away from her grasp. 
“If we leave now—” he began, cut short this time as she raised her club and nearly caught him in the midsection. 
 “Move,” she snapped, and finally he did, giving her one long and dirty look then stomping next to the halfling.
“Ah’right,” Reetsle said, peaking around the frame and waving them on. He disappeared through the doorway and the captain fled after, Mums close on his heels.
In the direction of the front door, the crawler must have thrown itself at the manor. The whole of the building shuddered as though waking from a bad dream, wall planks cracking, ceiling beams groaning. Mums kept her eyes on Iman, watching as he reached the far side of the foyer and broke into a run.
In a brief moment of thought, Mums had time to wonder if they shouldn’t have waited until they were out of the manor to make their break, but she deferred to her colleagues’ expertise. They were the fighters (not her) and they didn’t appear worried about giving away their position. In fact, the only hesitation came when they finally met the exit in the rear of the kitchen. 
Reetsle placed his hand to the handle and looked back at her, raising his brows.
Mums stood catching her breath and stared at him daftly. Around them, pots and kettles were bobbing in the wake of their passage, clanking softly in the dark. She had no idea what the adviser from Erinthalmus was waiting for, but she nodded for him to proceed.  
Reetsle turned to the door and depressed the thumb latch, gritting his teeth as the rusty mechanism stuck, then relaxing as the corrosion broke free and the latch popped loose of its bracket. He shoved hard, but only made a crack between door and frame. He muttered a curse and threw his shoulder into it; the door popped open with a rush of displaced water. 
He peeked outside at the yellow-white of the day and winced at the flooded yard and adjoining alley. 
Mums tightened her grip on the cudgel, her impatience on the rise, and leaned forward in the gloom. She was just about to shove the halfling through the door when he stepped forward and waved them on.
It’s about time, she thought, but before she could take her first step, Reetsle came leaping back inside and nearly collided with Iman. She watched the captain spin to the side and let the halfling spill past him (landing on his back in a spray of cookery and water), then she was peering out through the doorway. 
She had time to think, If there’s something out there, it can’t be the crawler. I just heard the crawler at—, and then something like a white wall fell into the area outside the backdoor, something that sent an explosion of water into the kitchen and into her eyes. 
Falling back from the doorway, wiping a hand across her eyes, Mums saw she’d been wrong about the crawler. Somehow the thing had scaled the house and lunged down upon them. She could see parts of its pale, veined body writhing in the muck, throwing up great sheets of water and colliding with the side of the manor, each blow bringing down a rancid shower of detritus, bits of plaster, wads of web, whole chunks of rafter. 
Blinded by the rain of filth, she cupped a hand to her face and backed towards the dining room, stopping only when the door jam struck her in the shoulder. She blinked open an eye and saw the crawler going mad in the backyard, the cloud of grime and grit still raining down from the walls and ceiling. 
Something hit her in the side and she flinched, glancing down to find the halfling pawing at his own eyes as he wove towards the dining room. She grabbed his arm and led him through the door, kicking aside pots and spoons and finding Iman in the next room. 
The captain was standing at the door to the foyer, his head jerking back and forth between her and front door in what might have been a comical display under different circumstances. When he saw her coming, halfling in tow, he broke for the front door. 
Mums carried after him, catching a glimpse of movement out the back windows as something like a thick ivory log flopped against the mansion. It had to be the crawler’s tail, but, at a glance, she didn’t remember it being so long. She told herself it must have been hidden beneath the water and continued to run, tripping into the lobby and finding the room empty. 
She stopped and stared, stunned by the vacant foyer. She might not have been so stunned, except the front door was still shut. She stared at the crossbar laid across the brackets, the lock engaged on the handle. But if Iman hadn’t exited through the front door, where had he gone? 
In a flash, she jerked her head at the stairwell and felt her fury come alive. Instead of fleeing out the front door, the good captain had gone back upstairs to continue pecking on walls and emptying dressers. 
The little imbecile! she raged. He’s going to get us all—  
The front of the manor shuddered with the force of another colossal blow. Mums turned to face it, frowning stupidly and swinging her free arm for balance. She turned and jerked her head at the dining room window, peering outside at the giant anemic tail still flopping about in the inky ground water. 
But it can’t be. The thing can’t be in both places at once.
Again, the front of the mansion rocked violently as something very large came smashing into its face. 
Without thought, Mums rushed for the stairwell, Reetsle flopping against one hip, the door frame crashing against the other. She squeezed through the entryway and raced up the steps, one of them breaking halfway to the top. She sank to her knee and screamed in frustration, hauling herself free and ascending the rest on all fours, the halfling crawling along behind. 
At the top, she made it to her feet and fell into the first doorway to present itself, the one where she’d come from. 
At the vine-clogged window, Iman Janusery stood to one side of the sill and scowled down at the thing pounding on the front of the manor.
“What is it?” Mums gasped, pointing at the back of the house. “Was it another one, another crawler?” 
Iman eyes never left the vines. “Don’t know,” he said. “Didn’t see it.” 
Reetsle came staggering in from the hall, but rather than make comment on the beast (or give complaint about his manhandling), he hobbled to the opposite side of the window and propped his axe against the wall.
“It got above us,” Mums said, still panting for breath. “How’d it get above us?” She stared at Iman as though he should know the answer, as though the first into the room became omniscient by default.
Still peering out the window, Iman gave her a nearly imperceptible shake of his head. Beside him, Reetsle climbed atop a stool and peeked through the vines.
“Wait! The hole!” Mums stumbled towards the hallway. “There’s a hole in the north wall! We can use the hole!”
Staring through the vines, his body motionless in the shadows, Iman said, “We’re not using anything.” 
Mums stopped, one foot in the corridor, her head gawking back at him. 
“The thing at the kitchen door,” Iman said, still peering out the window, “it’s not like the thing up here.” He exhaled listlessly, like a dying man, and said, “It’s quick.” 
Mums turned to corridor, staring at the wall as though she could see through the plaster. The good captain might have a point. The two creatures apparently had the same doughy skin, but how could anything as big and clumsy as the crawler get onto the roof? It had difficulty dragging its bulk across the ground, let alone hoisting itself over a two-story building.
In the lawn behind the manor, as if to settle the matter of identity once and for all, the air began to fill with the sound of sails billowing in the wind. Mums cocked an ear in the direction of the gusts, listening to the whoop-whoop of air as the gusts rose to the second floor and circled around the mansion. She tracked the sound with her ears, turning slowly and keeping pace with the movement. 
When the whooping flapped its way to the front of the building, she followed it to the bedroom window and watched as Reetsle and Iman stepped away from the vines. Through a break in the tendrils (the wind was blowing them all over), she saw something like a veined white trunk lifting through the air.
Its passage kept time with the steady elevation of the whooping and she realized the massive tube was tapering off like the tail of a rat. 
At the very end of the tail, just before the pasty shaft disappeared from sight, she spied a tangle in its length, a knotted ball adorned with something like the same black hair she had seen on the crawler. The strands were longer than those on the crawler, but no less black. They stuck out from the creases and flapped in the gale.
She lifted her head to follow its trajectory, moving her eyes up the wall and into the middle of the ceiling. After a moment, the flapping slowed and the ceiling beams groaned. From corner of her eye, she spied shingles tumbling passed the window. All around her pieces of plaster and wood spilled from the ceiling. 
When the flapping finally stopped, and the detritus fell no more, she was aware of a slight creaking in the rafters as something large settled on the roof.



Chapter 37

Brine watched Ardose and Balthus a moment longer, just to make certain they weren’t moving towards the cave. It did not appear as though they were. Balthus had his back to Brine, his hands pressed down on the cane between his legs, and Ardose was screaming, red-faced, into the hunchback’s motionless face, both hands gesticulating to punctuate his message. 
“So how come we ain’t usin’ the cave?” the red-head was saying. 
Balthus, his face directed away from the disciple, his stooped body never moving as he spoke, said, “It has not come to that.”
“I say it has,” Ardose countered, pointing a hand to the west, at a place on the opposite end of the spur. 
Brine followed the man’s finger and spied a cadre of men dragging one of their comrades by the arms. The boots of the dragged man were leaving grooves in the sand and, ahead of him, three more Lathians were down on their knees in a circle and scooping sand from the center, using their hands or, if they were lucky, a shield. 
Brine’s eyes came back to the red-head with the gold hoop in his left ear and listened as the man said, “And I got three dead men what says the same.”
Balthus turned his head to the place where the latest body was being hauled away and said, “If we set out for the homeland without first slaying the monster…,” he paused for no discernible reason the disciple could see, “…you will have far more than three to place beneath the sand.”
Ardose made fists with his hands and let them tremble before his wildly shaking head. “But we don’t wanna go home, yeh old fool! We wanna set up in that cave! Is that so hard for you to get through your thick skull?”
Brine turned his head away from the confrontation and drew a deep, mind-cleansing breath. He didn’t know about the Lathian adviser, but the redheaded Lathian’s message had sunk into his skull just fine. If he were going to stay ahead of these savages, he needed to make his move now. 
He turned his head to the rest of the clearing and assessed the remaining sixteen men. Just a quick look around, he thought. Quick look around, grab Godfry by the sleeve, and off we go down the wild, black yonder.
The closest Lathian sat about five or six paces to the right. He and his partner were on watch for this side of the spur, the north side. Per the red-head’s orders, men were stationed in pairs on all four sides of the spur, each pair within sight of the two on either side. The monster would not be using the spur for cover a second time. 
The sentinel closest to Brine sat slumped in the midnight sand and did not appear to be excelling at his job. His partner stood further to the east (leaning on his spear and keeping his back to the other man), but this man was simply sitting on his butt and wiping sweat from his face. 
Brine turned his head further east and spied the burial detail for the second time. Three of them were still down on their knees and raking at the sands and two of them, the two transporting the bodies, were now plodding away from the excavators. 
Brine darted his eyes passed them and surveyed the area opposite the interment site. Over there, the remaining two bodies were still lying in the sun and growing smellier by the moment. On one side of them, two grim-faced sentries stood sharing a water skin, on the other a group of four men appeared to be shooting the breeze. 
Brine studied the thirsty men for a moment and saw that one was staring at the rocks in the jut and the other at the boles in the wilderness, both of them with blank expressions in their half-masted eyes. 
Not much of a worry there, Brine thought, giving the duo a frown. Those two look about as wasted as old Sweat-Wipe over here. 
He moved his eyes passed the water-drinkers and rested them on a group of four at the western edge of the spur. These were the men who would accidentally find him out, for no other reason than they could. They had no quadrant of wilderness to survey, no distractions to occupy their minds… Well, none save for the tendon-snapping screams emanating in the south. 
If there was any saving grace, it was that all four heads were turned towards the bole-line at the desert’s southern rim. If Brine had to guess, he would say the quartet was still trying to decide which would go first: their comrade’s brittle larynx or the man’s withering supply of blood. Brine could only hope the debate would persist for a little while longer.
He turned back to his greatest obstacle in the clearing (as usual, observing the man from the corner of one eye) and found Balthus soaking up the bulk of the red-head’s frustration. He wasn’t doing much, save for staring at Ardose like a rather unimpressive bit of wall, but he was staring at the man. 
And not staring at the cave, Brine added, turning his eyes to the animated redhead and watching as he talked up a storm. 
“Did yeh not see what that thing did?” Ardose was asking. “It killed three men without even tryin’, it ran off with a fourth, weaving through arrows and spearheads like a cat picking through weeds, and it did it all without cover. Your little pla—”
“No,” Balthus interrupted, allowing for one of his uncomfortably long pauses, perhaps the longest Brine had ever heard. “You gave the creature new cover.”
Ardose frowned at this, clearly not understanding what the hunchback had said, and then the other shoe dropped. 
“I gave it nothing!” he said. “You were the one who wanted this stupid—this pig-brained…,” his mouth seemed to trip over itself as the passion and words struggled to break free, “—horseshoe formation,” he spewed at last. “That was your doin’, not mine.” 
Balthus drew a cloth from the front pocket of his sleeping attire. It was dappled with brownish red spots and stuck together as he tried to spread the material apart. He brought it to his balding head and dabbed at the gleaming beads of perspiration.  
“I have corrected for that,” he said, sliding the nasty rag down his left cheek. “Your men survey all sides of the desert.” He lifted his chin and blotted clear fluid around his neck. “The creature will not surprise us a second time.”
Ardose’s flushed look of anger lightened slightly and became a pale scowl of disgust. He watched Balthus slip the snot-rag back inside his pocket, seemingly mesmerized by what he was seeing, then said, “No, it won’t. ‘Cause we’ll be in that cave, plain and simple.”
There was more—Balthus leaning back against his cane, Ardose pointing at his men—but Brine turned away his head. He had seen enough and was ready to make his move. 
 It’s now or never, he told himself, and that was no joke, either. If the red-haired strategist had his way, the cave would be brimming with mercenaries, and if old Gray Eyes had his way, the clefts of the spur would be adorned with archers and pikemen. 
He slid his hand onto Godfry’s twig-like arm and squeezed three times in a row. He did this to avoid suspicious glances from anyone who might have turned to monitor them from afar, and to the best of his knowledge it had worked. No one took notice of him…including Godfry. 
Brine risked another look around the clearing, then brought his eyes to rest on the old teacher beside him. The old teacher continued to read from the Wogol. Brine applied additional pressure to the brittle forearm in his grasp, leaning into it and really bearing down on the flesh. 
The old man’s eyes moved from left to right across the pages, his mouth muttering the sounds as he decoded the symbols. It was like the nerves in his arm had shriveled and died. 
Brine checked the rest of the desert and found the Lathians going about their business; Ardose fuming at Balthus, Balthus looking sleepy in the sun, Sweat-Wipe rubbing at his face, Thirsty-Man One running the back of his hand across his beard and handing the water skin to Thirsty-Man Two, the burial squad moving to their second grave in the queue as the second dead Lathian was dragged across the clearing, face-down in the sand and shirt rumpling around his head, towed by one booted foot and one bare.  
Brine turned back around and leaned his mouth to the bushy hair around Godfry’s ear. “Godfry,” he whispered. 
Godfry jumped and spun towards him. 
“It’s okay, it’s okay, it’s just me,” Brine said, giving the old man a moment to calm down. When it appeared he had, he said, “Are you ready?” 
Godfry only stared at him, his look of wide-eyed surprise slowly sinking in a landslide of his own bewildered wrinkles. 
Feeling his chest turn cold, Brine took a nervous peek at Ardose, then said, “Ready to go?” 
Bewildered wrinkles still in place, Godfry turned to study the men around him, men who obviously weren’t going anywhere. He looked to Brine and shook his head, shaking it in the manner of one who wasn’t denying a request, but who had no idea what the request entailed. 
“Into the cave,” Brine hissed, lowering his voice on the last word and checking Balthus in his periphery. “We just talked about this, Godfry. This morning. You patted me on the arm and told me to let you know when it was time—Remember?” 
Godfry stared. 
“Obviously not,” Brine said, exhaling sharply. “Look, it doesn’t matter. All you need to know is that we’re in danger and we have to leave—Right now.” He glanced behind him at the gravediggers, then Sweat-Wipe. “I need you to stand up as calmly as you can and move towards the cave, over there in the rocks.” He gave a nod without taking his eyes from his teacher. “Don’t worry about getting lost, okay. I’ll guide you by the arm like before. Okay?” 
The look on Godfry’s face, as the old man panned it about the clearing, told the disciple it was not okay. 
Looking back to his student, Godfry said, “Danger, you say?” 
“Like you wouldn’t believe,” Brine said. “Now please, Godfry, we need to get going.” 
“I don’t see any danger,” Godfry said, taking another look around. “Does old Bal know about this danger?”
Brine winced, but staved off a frown. “Godfry, we’ve discussed that, too.” He peeked at the two men swapping the water skin. “We don’t have time to tell him. It’s that bad. So come on. We need to go.” He pulled the old man’s arm. 
Godfry pulled back. “I don’t think ole Ba—” 
“Forget Balthus,” Brine hissed, yanking back harder. 
“Bal would want to know—”
Brine would never know what hateful force took control of him just then, he would only remember the tension in his muscles and the heat in his cheeks and the spray of sand from all around as he began to drag the old man in the yellow robes and lime-green monkey arms. 
He must have given Godfry a terrible jolt as he took off backpedalling for the spur. The old man was now sprawled out behind the disciple with both legs kicking and his free hand swatting Brine with the Wogol. 
Brine had the old man’s right arm in a death grip and was leaning back from it, hissing down at him, every few paces or so, “Stop it! Stop it, Godfry! You’re making a scene!” 
Spitting at the sand and beard that infiltrated his mouth, Godfry stopped whacking the young man and said, “Sam’s Boy, I think…,” he rolled over on his face and began eating granules. He spun back over and said, “I think I see the problem. You see…,” he spun over on his back and groaned at the pain this inflicted. Spinning back to his front, he said, “The real danger left the clearing. That thing with the barking cough…,” he paused to suck wind, “…it ran off into the boles. I’d say we’re perfectly safe right—”
Having heard enough already (and in no mood to hear about the Amian virtues of their Lathian guides), Brine gave Godfry’s arm a vicious tug and sent his face into the sand. 
“We’re not safe,” Brine snarled, heaving back on the canary-tinted sleeve with sharp, pulsing yanks. “These people are not our friends.”
With his elderly charge now enjoying a four course meal of Harriun Sand, Brine checked the mini-desert to either side. So far, no one had even bothered to look over. He lowered his head and carried on.
I’ve already dragged this old coot halfway across the Harrin, he thought. What’s twenty more paces between friends?
From the blur of yellow fabric and blowing sands, Godfry said, “My Stick,” and Brine caught sight of something long and brown slip from the maelstrom of writhing limbs. A moment more, something square and brown was ejected from cacophony of tiny stones and Godfry said, “My book!”  
Brine kept hauling back on the old man’s arm, jerking it like the line of an anchor caught in the shallows. As for the stick, Godfry could lean against Brine if he needed to (and he had been), and as for the Wogol, there were several being printed in Valley of the Rock each day. They would live.
Just a little longer, he prayed. Just a little bit longer.
He made another wobbly arc with his head and surveyed the clearing. On his right, Sweat-Wipe was turning to face him, but his attention lay on the bulge of the Harriun. Behind Sweat-Wipe, the circle of gravediggers—dripping sweat and thrusting shovels—looked like they were still trying to keep the sand from pouring back inside their graves. 
Almost there, Brine begged, moving his eyes to his left and finding Ardose spewing forth his curses and gesticulating at the spur, his green eyes looking up when they should have been looking over, his caustic body language distracting Balthus from the escape occurring behind him. 
Please, oh God, please!
Brine checked the four men at the far edge of the spur and found them engaged in their palaver. He checked Thirsty-Man One and Two and saw them swapping water and standing a few paces behind the gaggle of four, Thirsty-Man One swigging heartily from the skin and Thirsty-Man Two, now with two wet streaks darkening the corners of his beard, staring right at him. 
Like the spinning mechanisms of a grist mill after someone drops a steel wrench in the gears, Brine’s body slowly broke down in the sand and stopped what it was doing, first his legs, then his arms, then the rest of him. 
He stood there in the sand, a trickle of ice water running down his spine, and stared at Thirsty-Man Two.
Beetle black eyes never blinking, Thirsty-Man Two raised a hand and wiped the patches of wet from his beard. Beside him, Thirsty-Man One had his head cocked back and was chugging fluid like a drowning man. When he’d had his fill, Thirsty-Man One lowered his chin with a mighty, Ahhh, and handed the skin to his partner, taking notice of the look in his partner’s eyes and lowering the skin to his side. He turned in the direction of his partner’s stare and locked eyes with Brine.
Brine swallowed hard, unable to do anything but return the stare.
If you stand there long enough, Ruggy, the belly-fire whispered, the whole band’ll be staring at you…until they march over and start pounding you in the sand, that is.
Very slowly, as if submerged in a vat of pudding, Brine lowered his head to his crap-caked sandals and took a seat beside the prone figure in the canary-yellow robes. 
Oblivious of the harsh eye contact occurring between Brine and the Lathians, Godfry sat himself up, brushed absently at the sand and offal in his beard, and opened his mouth to speak. He was probably going to ask just what the devil had gotten into his young friend, or if his young friend had seen his book and where it had got to, but before he could utter the first syllable, Brine held up a finger in the universal signal for, Not, right now.
That silenced Godfry cold, but it did not last long. After a few moments, the old man leaned forward and tried again.
Brine shook the finger this time and released a prolonged groan.
Godfry leaned back from him, returning his attention to his grooming. 
Brine didn’t mean to be rude to his elderly teacher, but he needed to hear the sands behind him. He needed to hear the crunch of footfalls so he’d know when to tense for the boot heels to his back and the knuckles to his forehead, the knees to his love-handles, the elbows to his face.  
In the direction of the two water-guzzling Lathians, he heard the sloshing of a skin—the glug-glug of fluid down a throat—and the satisfied gasp of the drinker. For a time, he waited to hear the sound of the non-drinker bearing down on him from the side, but that sound never came, only the glugging, only the gasping. 
Around him in the clearing, he heard the thud of shovels, the mutter of chit-chat, the wet slap of Sweat-Wipe dabbing at his face, the dull shushing of calf-muscles on sand as the last of the dead were dragged by the arms to their final resting place in the ground. 
The one sound that was different, however, was the sound of Ardose’s voice. It had change from the obstreperous shriek of a man who felt his proverbial back pressed against the wall, to the slurring, almost drunken tones of a man who just picked himself off the ground and cannot remember where he’s been. 
“We’ll, uh…We’ll…um…,” the redhead’s voice trailed off, silent for much longer that any coherent man should be, “…we can give that a try…I guess…I think. We ain’t, uh….,” his voice faltered once more, his tone shattered, his train of thought wrecked, “….We ain’t tried this yet, so…so I…,” more silence, more inarticulate throat noise, “…no harm in…in tryin…,” a stupid pause, “…no harm there.”
Brine kept his eyes on the ground. He didn’t need to look over his shoulder to know the rawboned mercenary was wearing a glassy look in his eyes and a slack expression on his face. He could hear the man picking himself off the ground and staggering off to the edges of the spur, slurring his orders to the men. 
Worse than this sound, was the sound he heard shuffling towards him. It was the harsh stab of a cane driven into sand, the soft susurration of slippers gliding over stones. Something stooped and watchful was making its way to a perch beside the cave. 
Brine lowered his head a little more and turned away from the place where the Lathian adviser was climbing up the spur. He focused, instead, on the sound of Godfry crawling away from him through the sands, the sound of hands and knees making tracks to the Wogol, the sound of leafing pages as the old man opened the book and flipped to no place in particular. 
Brine reached over his shoulder and pulled his wauk into his lap. He raised his other hand and prepared to count the braids, and to pray, then hesitated.
He thought about the feeling he felt while listening to God, the feeling from his prayers and from his reoccurring God-Dream. He wondered what it was, what is really was. 
He didn’t have an answer for that question, and neither did the belly-fire, that other omniscient voice that seemed to know things that the disciple did not. All of a sudden, the belly-fire was strangely quiet. Perhaps too quiet.
Brine closed his eyes to the sun, but his thoughts were not prayers.



Chapter 38

Mums came awake with a start, the whole of her world coming apart at the seams. She blinked at her surroundings and found herself seated in a dimly-lit chamber. She sniffed the air and smelled rotting vegetables and a thick, tongue-coating musk. She leaned away from the wall and felt soggy, worm-ridden wood beneath her rear. 
Where was she?
 For a moment, she couldn’t remember. She knew only that the building in which she sat was rattling and shaking at its foundation. She could hear, as well as feel, the trembling of an immense weight rustling against the supports. 
Is it a quake? she wondered, and then she recognized the bed and wardrobe opposite her, then the recumbent halfling sleeping by the window. In a flash, everything came back and she remembered the living nightmare she’d escaped when she’d drifted off to sleep. 
She lifted her head to the peeling plaster of the ceiling and wondered what she had missed. The last she remembered, her watch was over and Iman had taken her place by the window. She had pulled the cudgel between her knees and was tracing her finger along the lines, reflecting upon the flying thing and the crawler and their chances of escape. 
Apparently, she had fallen asleep. She did not recall falling asleep, but there was no arguing with the foul taste on her tongue and the painful stiffness in her joints. She had drifted off to the land of slumber and the obstacle above her had somehow resolved itself. 
If she needed more proof than the groaning of the roof joists (which reminded her of dead trees creaking in a storm), she need only look to the steady rain of plaster spilling from the cracks in the ceiling. 
She turned her head to the window and listened to the sound of shingles scraping down the roof and splashing in the water. She listened to this until the low whoop of sails unfurled overhead and all sound was lost in the steady beating of giant fleshy wings. Wind beat down over the window and the vines began to slither. 
Beneath the rustling tendrils, Reetlse sat with his chin on his chest and arms in his lap. At the sound of the gale force winds, though—when his abysmal hearing finally picked up the noise—he came awake with a snort and scrambled to his feet. He climbed atop the stool and leaned through the wind-blown flora, blinking repeatedly at the dying sky. 
“It’s leavin,” he said.  
Good, Mums thought, coming to her own feet in a much more elaborate process than the one employed by the halfling, one that involved her club, the adjacent wall, and parts of a crumpling bedpost. 
Still in the throes of that process, her voice strained from the effort, she said, “Is it joining the other?”
“Doan’ look like it,” Reetsle muttered, and she could tell by the angle of his head that this was probably a safe assumption. The other had moved around to the hole in the northern wall—had its arm shoved inside and was fumbling around the furniture—and the halfling’s head was now cocked up at the eastern sky. 
Using her club as a cane, Mums peeked through the tendrils and saw that her colleague’s assessment was correct. The flyer was flapping away from them and into the distance, moving so swiftly that by the time she picked it out of the gloom, it was nothing more than a pale tube with wings on each side and a feathery ball on the bottom.
It looks like a hatchet, she thought, a two-headed hatchet with a knot in the handle. 
Beside her, Reetsle said, “That east, yeh reckon? Southeast, maybe?”
Mums studied the black horizon into which the flying monstrosity flew. At this time of day, it was difficult to distinguish direction. With the sun nearly down and dusk almost upon them, three of the four directions would appear as identical black sheets. 
Except for the west, she mused. If she were to march down the hall and into the rooms on the west side of the manor, she would see the sagging memory of a swamp backlit by the ruddy remnants of a blazing sky, boughs like inky blotches splattered against a fire, trunks like tarry stripes smeared against a cherry void. 
The green and the brown and all other spongy details of the bog were no more, soaked up by darkness and dissolved into one solidifying slab of concentrated black. 
It was into this solidifying slab that Mums now gazed, the whole of the eastern horizon a dreary sheet. If not for the memory of how she’d arrived at these ruins, and of which direction led back to the Sway, she wouldn’t have been able to answer.
“I think it is,” she said at last, watching the flyer vanish in the dusk. 
“Tha’s what I thought,” Reetsle said. “The Dome’s down there.”
Staring at the place in the night where there had once been wings and a body, Mums said, “It looked like the golden one, didn’t it?”
“Yeah, it did,” Reetlse said. “Ceptin’ fer not being gold.”
Mums said nothing, but she had been thinking about that as well. She had decided the skin color fit nicely with her overall theory that Jashandar was reverting to Drugana. If they could have rivers turn black and animals turned to pulp, then why not a golden one turned pasty? Wasn’t anything possible at this point? 
Pushing the vines aside and leaning out the window, Reetsle turned his gaze to the left and eyeballed the crawler. Once he had the creature’s tail in sight—swishing around the corner and rippling in the water—he cleared his throat and spat. The expectoration didn’t come close to its milky target (landing no more than six strides from the front door), but Reetsle didn’t seem to mind. 
“Yeh ever seen one’a them things,” he asked.
Mums peaked around the sill, not as far as her colleague, but far enough to see the tail sloshing in the inky fluid. In truth, creatures like the crawler tended to steer clear of the Dead Lands, and to the best of her knowledge they hadn’t been spotted in Jashandar since the Time of Arn. 
Never the less, she had seen one. She’d seen it every day for the past few moon cycles as she and the other counselors held council in the king’s chamber. It was depicted in the painting of Arn on the wall above the headboard. 
Even now, she could see the watercolors of that scene as clearly as she saw the nose on the halfling’s face: Arn’s mouth in a scream, his eyes like massive eggs, his giant axe hoisted. Before him in the Sway, fleeing into the crags and gullies of the Mad Man’s Pass, the old ones in all their dead-skinned glory, crawlers on the ground, flyers in the sky, some other variation moving in between.
“The painting,” she said at last. “The one on Sam’s wall.” 
Reetsle made a revelation grunt. “Tha’s were I seen it,” he said. “I thought I seen it somewhere. I jus’ couldn’t ‘member where.” He sniffed to clear his nasal passage. “They’re a lot smaller in the paintin.” 
Mums nodded that they were, but the miniature scale was only one factor hindering the titan’s recognition. When the crawler had first broken from Dell, she’d felt a glint of familiarity as she beheld its pasty skin, but then the fear and fatigue sank their fangs in her mind and the connection had not been made. It was not until she watched the long tube of the flyer pass before the window that the painting came to mind. 
Reetsle said, “Never had no dealin’ with em, though.” He shook his head and made the helmet rattle against his ears. “Would’a never guessed em to act like this.” 
Mums glanced down at him. “Like what?” 
“Like they was smart,” he said, flicking a finger at the crawler’s tail. “You look at that paintin and you think they’re all wild an’ savage, like a bunch’a wilda’beasts from out’a the Hinter, all tooth an’ nail an’ no brains.”
Mums listened to the sound of something like a giant serpent flopping around in the chambers below and said, “Well, it has been groping around the lower levels for most of the afternoon.” She shrugged. “An intelligent creature would probably have tried something new by now.” 
Reetsle spat at the porch roof. “Maybe,” he said. “But you saw how they was actin. Like they had themselves a little plan.” He motioned to the murky place in the east where the flyer had disappeared. “It was almos’ like that other’un there come swoopin down out’a nowhere to keep us from sneakin away from this’un here.”
Staring at the encroaching darkness, Mums felt her insides go cold. She had not thought of that possibility, but if it were true… 
“It’s almost like they got the mind pau’r,” Reetsle said, returning his gaze to the crawler. “Like one of em can talk in its head and the other’un can hear what it’s sayin.”
Mums shook her shaggy head, but said, “Perhaps.” 
“Think about it,” Reetsle said. “How else that flyer know we was in the Dell?”
Staring at the dim outlines of rooftops between the mansion and the tree-line, Mums said, “How did the crawler know to bypass those homes and come to this one?”
“Or find us at Eastpost.” 
“Or know we were moving to corrals,” Mums said, “when we could have been moving for the sleeping quarters.”
Sneering at the crawler’s tail, Reetsle spit out the window and went still. Minus the expectoration, Mums joined him, listening as something thick and meaty thumped about in the lower levels of the manor. 
“Welp,” Reetlse said, speaking unexpectedly and grabbing up his axe, “time’s a-wastin I ‘spect. Best get goin’.” 
Mums turned from the window and felt the leather in her face try to frown. “What did you say?” 
Looking around the gloom-filled chamber as though something had just occurred to him, Reetsle’s gaze came to rest on a scattering of moldy socks by the hall door. 
Kicking at the stockings, he said, “Janu’ery on guard, is he?” 
“He is,” Mums said, “but what did you say about going?”
“I told yeh that boy was worthless,” Reetsle said, now glaring at the pair of pants lying in the hall, the ones that had nearly felled him in his earlier flight from the room. He scowled at them, then turned and fixed his eyes on Mums. “What’s he doin’ now?”  
Mums glanced at the empty cavities in the chest of drawers, then at the drawers scattered against the wall. “I believe he’s gone down the hall to look for something—”
“He’s what—?” 
“—and seeing how he could have monitored the two brutes outside with his head in a bucket, I didn’t see the harm.” She paused to gain his attention. “Honestly, Reetsle, right now I’m a bit more concerned with what you—”
“What an idiot,” Reetsle snapped, wrenching his hands around Old Friendly. “A fool-headed idiot,” he added, turning to the hallway and shaking his head. “I say we leave im.” 
Again, Mums tried to frown. “Reetsle,” she said, using the calm and cool tones of one giving the other party the benefit of the doubt, “that’s the second time you’ve mentioned leaving.”
Reetsle turned his questing glare on her, stared her down for a moment, then snorted. “Was yeh plannin on stickin round?”
Mums opened the broad expanse of her bovine mouth…and nothing came out. She couldn’t believe what she was hearing. Had the little heathen gone mad? Had she banged his head off the wall on the way up the stairs? 
“Reetsle,” she said, trying to remain calm, “if the flyer was working with the crawler, why do you suppose it detained us until nightfall?” When the halfling continued to say nothing, she pointed to the silent gloom outside and said, “Do you not hear what’s going on out there?”
Reetsle flitted his eyes to the window, then crept to the rectangular void and cocked an ear to the swamp. After a time, he cocked the other ear and made the same expression. 
“Sounds like it has all day,” he said. “Sounds dead.”
The lamplight of revelation flared in Mums’ mind and she nearly brought her lips to a smile. In the midst of her fear, she had forgotten the halfling’s hearing. 
The swamp outside did, indeed, sound dead, but it hadn’t always sounded that way. This morning, when the Mela Party had entered from the banks of the Sway, it had been alive with a cacophony of wild cries; balloon-throated animals clinging to trees, bulbous-eyed invertebrates peeking from pools, hard-bodied pests buzzing through the air. 
Mums gestured to the window and endeavored to describe the absence of these sounds, explaining to the halfling how every ughzzzing insect and ayeeeping bird had up and vanished when the sun began to set. When this failed to sway him, she told him of another creature she’d heard (it had been auoooting all the day long) that had recently crawled to the uppermost branches of the tallest tree and clamped both hands over its noisy little snout. 
Reetsle glanced to the window, then back to the adviser. “So you’re tellin me…,” he said, still sounding confused, “…that the way is clear?”
“Yes—I mean, no.” She drew a breath and released it. “It is, but not for us.” 
“Fer what then?”
Mums dropped her shoulders, refusing to dignify this with an answer.  
“Boggen?” Reetsle asked, his expression condescending. “Are yeh talkin bout boggen again?”
Mums nodded, slowly at first, then with increased force. Like anyone who’d spent time in Jashandar, she and the halfling had heard the histories about Elnor. She had heard about the kingdom’s first-and-only attempt at expansion in the Forest of the Shun and she knew the attempt had flooded one night during the Time of Galimose. 
According to the royal scouts, there were no new waterways leading into the flood zone, and the elevated water table could not be explained by precipitation alone. It was surmised, then, that the northern Shun had succumbed to a subterranean pool breaking through to the surface. A supposition that only grew stronger when, on the night following the infamous flood, all colonist and irrigation crews disappeared from the Colony of Elnor. No blood, no signs of violence, no carvings in the trees. They were just gone, vanished from the region as mysteriously as the ground water appeared. 
Reetsle stared out the window for a while, then frowned and shook his head. When he spoke, he couldn’t even meet her eyes, staring at Old Friendly instead. 
“Them’s old hist’ries,” he said. “Real old.” 
“I know.” 
“Whatever happened to them people,” he said, “it could’a moved on.” 
“Or it could have stayed,” she challenged. “It’s not like anyone comes here at night,” she added, pointing to the swamp outside. 
Reetsle considered this, not happily by any means, but considering it all the same.
“We still have the occasional swimming imp in Blue Hole,” Mums told him. “Was it not last week that a fisherman reported his boat eaten?” 
“Yeah,” Reets sighed, staring ruefully at the floor, “it was.” 
Mums let that sink in, then said, “If we have swimming imps coming through the bowels of Blue Hole, why not boggen through the bowels of the Dell?”  
“Ah’right, ah’right,” Reetsle said, raising a palm to ward off her tongue. Mums watched him anxiously, watched as he lifted his head and directed his gnarled face about the room, first at the exposed slats in the walls, then at the missing plaster on the ceiling and the floorboards black with decay. 
Staring at this last depressing sight, he said, “We gona make it in here?”
Mums didn’t answer right away. Partly, because she didn’t know, but mainly because she didn’t think they would make it. When the colonist had disappeared, it had been at night and the majority of them were likely in their homes. Possibly, a few had been outdoors, perhaps drawn to some new phenomenon appearing in the trees (something strange and spectacular that had washed in with the flood), but most were likely inside. 
“I think our chances are better,” she said, speaking very fast and taking a step forwards. All of a sudden, she needed for him to weigh in on this idea. She needed to hear that she wasn’t crazy and that they might survive and she needed to hear it from him.  
She was the planner—the dreamer, if you will—but not the halfling. Reetsle was the Architect of the Real and the Founder of What Is. So if he thought they could make it—good old Spit-in-your-eye Baggershaft, the counselor who told you how it was no matter how much it hurt—then maybe they could.
Reetsle stood there stewing, twisting Old Friendly’s handle and watched the blades spinning in the air. He did this for what felt like an eternity—rolling the double blades from top to bottom, from bottom to top—and then lifted his head. 
“If’n we stay in this hole,” he said at last, “I reckon we’d—” 
From the outside in the hall, Iman interrupted with an excited, “Hey! Hey, guys! Guys, you gota see this!”



Chapter 39

It was only a far-off squishing noise from deep within the burrow, but you would have thought it was the marching footfalls of Sira’s unholy army by the way Jaysh flipped around in the slime and went scrambled to his knees; mucus went flying, clods tore free, his pack slung sideways and struck the general in the face. 
He glanced beside him at the general and frowned at the diminishing light. Even without a sun and sky, he could tell that dusk was upon them. He was sitting directly beside the military leader and even now he was having trouble making out the position of his eyelids. He leaned a little closer and saw they were closed. 
Thank the stars in Glory, he thought. 
He turned his attention back to the giant, two-story mound. He didn’t know what was about to happen, or what he was going to do when it did—he wasn’t even sure he had heard anything coming out of that enormous burrow, not when he was half-sleep at the time—but if something were about to happen, it would be infinitely more pleasant with the general asleep. 
He lifted his head over the crest of his concealment and peered across the fog. From the great mound in the distance, no sound issued to his ears. 
He frowned at the near darkness settling in the Bottoms and scratched absently at his elbow. He wondered if he had dreamed the noise in his half-sleep, or if Serit’s breathing had come out as a wet snore. 
He stopped scratching his elbow and sank down until only his eyes and the top of his head crested the concealment. When he’d trotted over here and slipped behind this pile of mud, he hadn’t known his hunch would pan out. He’d simply trusted his instincts and found himself a place to sit and observe. 
If he had to be honest, it was more than intuition that drew him to set watch behind the mud. It was the ten ages he’d spent living in the sticks of Jashandar and experiencing Mother Nature on a first hand basis. Because if there was one thing he could say about Mother Nature, it was this: When the old woman took to painting on the canvas of life, she did so with wild and messy strokes. 
But not this trail, he thought, staring to the right and studying the trajectory of both long, straight sides. Nothin wald ‘bout this thing…It’s jus’ messy. 
As if in agreement with this sticky assessment, a slow gurgle began to emanate from deep within the burrow. 
A jolt of energy shot through the woodsman and he sat up once more, his right ear cocked at what he now knew to be real. The sound rippled the air once more, this time louder, and closer, and reminding him of noise he’d once heard in the Forest of the Shun. 
He recalled the cool spring day with a vivid clarity, the raucous clatter of hatchets that originally drew his attention, the subsequent crackle of timber as one of the Shun’s finest made its way to the ground. 
Intrigued by the ruckus—and with nothing better to do since the ruckus had frightened away his game—he hiked north to the disturbance and discovered a vast company of men logging the eastern rim of the Shun; Some working either end of the long saws, others hacking off limbs, still others piling the branches in heaps. 
The ones he watched most, though, were the one harnessing logs to the workhorses and hauling them to the Sway. These men used long, metal poles to roll the timbers over thick, brown ropes, tying the ropes across the timbers and securing the lines to the horses, whipping the poor beasts until they dragged the logs to a destination outside the forest. 
In the process, Jaysh noticed the forest floor had turned to soup. With the spring thaw only a few weeks old and the horses stamping at the ground, it had turned to soup in quite a hurry…and was now making a very peculiar sound. 
As the team of loggers drove their pry bars beneath the timbers and forced them over the lines, the churned and runny ground was making a gristly, flatulent noise that reminded him of a rolling pin being smooshed across a handful of frog’s eggs. 
Tha’s what I’m hearin, he thought, sinking a little lower behind the burrow. Somethin big’s movin ‘cross the scum. 
From inside the enormous den, another juicy ripple echoed from its bowels, so close on this occurrence that he half-expected to see more of the sludge spewing from the oval, or maybe a cloud of fog carried out across the bottom on a rolling current of air… 
Instead, the movement was beside him in the corner of his eye. He turned to see Serit staring up at him, his eyes poached and his features taut. He was still crouched in a ball against the side of their hideout—his spidery limbs pulled tight around his shivering body—but he now had one long and quavering finger to his lips and was miming the shushing gesture that Jaysh had been making most of the day. 
Jaysh nodded and returned the gesture, an unspoken message passed between them as he pointed at the colossal warren in the foggy, darkening distance. 
Serit didn’t turn to look. By now, even his old ears could hear the wet rolling sounds traveling up from the ground. He nodded and shrank back into a ball, his arm wrapping back around his knees and his eyes fixed firmly on the woodsman.
Jaysh let the general be and peeked over the top of his mud blind, aware that the flatulence inside was no longer a series of separate gurgles, but one long and never-ending raspberry ripping in the gloom—And ain’t there somethin movin round in there? 
He thought that there was, and felt himself shrinking like his learned companion, his shoulder hunching so low that he felt a little like that hunchback who held council with Reets, his head ducking so low that he felt the whiskers of his chin touching down in the slime.  
Something thin and white wriggled out of the darkness and into the mist, lingering there for an instant and then shivering back down. Jaysh watched this strange motility and his mind filled with images of worms and snakes and other squirming creatures. He felt a sudden urge to hide take control of his mind and readily put the urge into action.
Huddling down beside his bug-eyed partner, he lowered his voice and said, “Somethin’s comin out’a there, so doan’—” 
A wave of noxious fumes billowed over the concealment and Jaysh went down, his body clenched like a fist and his tongue clogging the back of throat. He was aware of gagging—stomach knotted, eyes shut—but he was unaware of anything exiting his mouth; nor was he aware of the ground mucus coating one half of his beard and head or the pain in his hip flaring to life like a bonfire. 
When the nausea passed and the gagging was over, he right himself against the burrow and sat panting for air, no longer worried about giving away his position, but focusing solely on the respiration process: deep inhalation, deep exhalation, pause to wipe tears from the corners of his eyes. 
On the other side of the concealment, the squishing noises rang unobstructed in his ears. He could tell by the clarity alone that whatever was responsible for those sounds was now clear of its lair. 
He placed a hand to the mud clods—steadying himself with an arm that did not, itself, feel steady—and lifted his eyes above the den. 
The squirming things were writhing about on the outside the burrow, dancing about the length of the sludge in the same ebbing pattern he’d seen before: snaking forward two or three paces, then slithering back one. 
As far as identifying the creatures, though, his mind drew a blank. He could see they were too long to be worms and too smooth to be snakes, but outside of those observations, the dying light of day offered no clues. 
As for the huge, gray mass emerging from the burrow, he could see that without hindrance. It stood as tall and wide as the old dung wagons that used to frequent the stables…but it moved like no wagon he had ever seen. It scooted forward a few paces, hesitated as the wriggling things advanced and retracted ahead of it, then slid forward a few paces more. 
He was still piecing the two movements together, searching for some revelatory pattern between the gray mass and the white wrigglers, when another rancid gust rolled out from the burrow. 
Jaysh caught only a whiff of the odor and collapsed behind the clods, holding his breath and scrunching his eyes and waiting for the worst to pass him by…only, on this occasion, there wasn’t a worst. 
The potency of first wave, it seemed, had been due to a buildup within the burrow. This second encounter wasn’t bad at all. It stung his eyes and irritated his nose, but it was nothing a set of closed eyelids and a sleeve across the mouth couldn’t handle.
Taking advantage of this, he filled his lungs to capacity and lifted his eyes above the mound. It was only then, as his eyes fixed hotly on the thing that was not a dung wagon, that the urge to vomit overtook him, not because of what he smelled, but because of what he saw. 
His mind screamed slug, but that descriptor applied only to the base of the creature. That part was gelatinous and white and legless and slimy, but the rest of the creature resembled no slug Jaysh had ever seen. 
In his limited repertoire of literary references, the only image that came close to this hideous creature was from one of Godfry’s mythology books. The picture, which Brine had shown him and Iman one day in the garden, had been of something his brother had called a centaur. It looked like a horse with a man sticking up where the horse’s neck and head should have been.  
The thing wriggling up from the giant den was like a centaur, only instead of the perfect synthesis of horse and man, it was the perfect synthesis of sea-slug and man. 
Only…
Jaysh took a double-take at the man-like creature sticking up from the slug. It had a torso, two arms, and a single white head, but there ended all similarities with humanity. The arms were flimsy white cords that resembled noodles more so than arms and the head was an empty wad of flesh with hundreds of wormy cilia squirming all over. 
He searched the wad of its head a second time and, again, could not locate anything but writhing cilia. A closer look, however, revealed that the ends of each tentacle bore a shiny black seed that he assumed were its eyes. If not, he could not account for the accuracy with which it was casting those ropy arms and wormy fing—
A cluster of beaded cilia jerked towards the woodsman and went taut, as if snagged on invisible threads that were fastened to his face. 
He collapsed against the mud and froze, pressing himself into its adhesive embrace as every muscle tensed with horror. Then, without moving anything else, he rolled his eyes to the side until he could see Serit sitting with head between knees and arms over his head, a sliver of vomit-laced mustache peeking below the knee. 
Jaysh watched the mustache twitch like the feeler of an insect and waited for the manslug’s trajectory to veer off the trail of sludge and move in his direction. When that failed to happen and the creature’s juicy motility carried it further north, he braced his legs for flight and glanced over the clods. 
The cilia were no longer trained on his hiding place, but were writhing as madly as before, trying to see everything at once. 
Jaysh moved his eyes down the creature’s flank, down to where the bulk met the trial and the slurping noises ensued. In the rear and center of this underbelly, he could see only a meaty line of flesh rippling over the tar. In the front of the undercarriage, however (where the bulk of the slug lifted from the ground), there was something that caught his eye. 
He squinted at the manslug’s lower torso as it dragged itself away from him and watched handfuls of inky mucus soughing off the creature’s stomach and plopping on the trail. At first, he thought these globs of poison were only residue stuck to its flapping underside from where it had leaned against the wall of the burrow.
As he continued to watch, though, glob after glob began to appear from the same area of the undercarriage. He watched longer still and saw the globs were dripping from holes in the manslug’s skin, leaking out like the ruinous eggs from an evil chicken.
Only them ain’t eggs, Jashy, Gariel’s voice told him. 
I know, Jaysh thought, watching another clutch of glistening balls splatter on the trail.
What’cha gona do about em, Jayshy? the butcher’s daughter asked. You gona kill the thing makin em?
Jaysh glanced down at the skinning knife at his waist belt, then the bowstring over his shoulder. He wasn’t sure a skinning knife or a handful of arrows would do the job, but we wasn’t sure he had any other options either.  
Reckon I’ll try the bow, he thought, releasing a defeated little sigh.
On a giant manslug, Jayshy? 
Jaysh stared into the wall of hovering fog, now more gray instead of white, and thought about Swim Day and Hunt Day and all the other days he had lost to the ancestral evil of this land. After that, he thought about Beth and the Hill and how he so desperately wanted to sleep beneath her ever-watchful gaze.
In answer to his woman-friend’s question, he forced himself to stand, peel the bow from his shoulder, and pluck an arrow from his quiver. He notched it in the string and stepped around the mound, drawing the feathers to his eye and inhaling through his nose. He released the air through his mouth, took another breath, and nearly wet himself as someone grabbed him by the bicep.
He spun towards the general and cast him a very disapproving look.
Seeming not to notice, his eyes wide and his voice haunted, Serit said, “What do you think you’re doing?”
Jaysh took a step towards the man-slug. “That stuff fallin off it,” he whispered, “that’s the stuff in the trail, same stuff in the river.” 
Still looking as though the woodsman were mad, Serit said, “You’re going to shoot it?”
Jaysh glanced down at the bow, then at the great white blur in the ever-shifting gray. He’d killed bear and deer with this weapon, punctured hide much stronger than the jiggling blubber he saw before him, but there now appeared to be quite a lot of jiggling blubber and he had begun to have his doubts. If he couldn’t reach the vital organs—assuming it had any—this was going to be a very disappointing hunt. 
Meeting the old man’s gaze, he said, “I’ll aim fer the head.” 
Serit’s face contorted in a grimace. “It could pull out its heart and you can aim for that,” he said, “but it would do you no good. There’s no reliable record of a man-made weapon dispatching an ugling.”
Jaysh blinked at him. “Wudn’t you the one tellin me bout that big red—”
“Yes, yes, that was me, but I never said anything about dispatching the creature—That was the healer! The healer did the dispatching.”
Jaysh dropped his shoulders. “Kowin ain’t here.” 
“We could find him,” Serit said. “We could tell him about this place.”
Jaysh groaned and had to look away. Hunting for the healer would take days, and he didn’t have days. What he had was a clear shot at the creature ruining his Fish Day. 
Staring at the manslug as it plodded down the trail of pitch at something less than a snail’s pace, he said, “We could do that, but what if it ain’t here when we get back?” He sniffed at the nasal mucus still dripping in his beard. “What if this thing only comes up every five ‘r six moon cycles? Wha’d we do then?”
Serit cringed in a beatific mask of panic, every tooth in his grimacing mouth exposed for Jaysh to see. 
“I don’t know,” he said.
Tearing his eyes from the fog, Jaysh said, “Are yeh tellin me I can shoot this thing in the head…an’ it still ain’t gona die?” 
Serit looked at the bow and again the cringe overtook him, the look of a man who knows the answer is maybe, but does not wish to plant such dangerous seeds of hope in a young and foolish mind. 
“I don’t know,” he said, peeking up at the woodsman, then explaining, “There is one history describing a battle between an ugling and Arn,” he touched the double-headed insignia on his chest. “Arn beheaded the creature with his axe as the story goes, but…,” he shook his head uncertainly, “…but it is a very old history, young Jaysh. One of the first, actually, and we’ve already discussed how those can be distorted by kings and historians alike, and you know how the people of his land regard Arn with god-like reverence,” another pause to touch the insignia, “so there’s no telling what actually happened.” 
Jaysh stared at him. He’d heard the words behead and axe and was already pulling the arrow from the bowstring. 
“You’re sayin I need a blade?” 
Serit’s face froze with indecision, the calculated look of man trying to think of the answer that led them away from the manslug and closer to the castle. 
“According to one solitary tale…that allegedly took place over an epoch ago…,” Serit sighed an openmouthed sigh, “…yes.”
Nodding resolutely, Jaysh slipped the arrow into its quiver and slung the bow over a shoulder. He dropped his eyes to the general’s hip and nodded at the thing dangling there. 
“Can I barruh that?”
The old man glanced at the sword on his waist, and winced. “Oh, young Jaysh, I don’t…you don’t want to do this,” he said, untying the belt beneath his navel, but doing so with that same reluctant expression. “After Arn beheaded the imp—” he paused to touch the insignia “—he lost both his arms.” 
Jaysh waited for more, but the buckle had jammed on Serit and he had his face bent down and both hands wrestling with the leather. To pass the time, Jaysh studied his arms, trying to imagine himself running without the balance of his upper appendages. He saw himself laying face-first in the slime or running from a pack of melted biters or fleeing an enraged manslug with a sword stuck in its side. 
He felt something nudge the knuckles of his right hand and looked down. The handle of Serit’s sword hovered by his fingers and he took hold of it, squeezing it like an enemy. 
“Both arms,” Serit said, his voice miserable sounding.
“I heard,” Jaysh said, filling his lungs with a deep, rib-cracking breath and lifting the blade overhead. 
He brought the blade down and swished it about for a time, to get used to its weight and length. He had no idea if he were really going through with this (at the cost of his arms), but it wouldn’t hurt to take a few exploratory swings with the weapon, just in case. 
He lifted it over his head once more, prepared to test it a second time, and his eyes remained fixed on the ceiling.
Something big and white was plunging through the fog.



Chapter 40

Mums turned to face Iman with something like relieved anxiety brewing at her core. She wasn’t certain such a combination of emotion truly existed, but certain or not, those were the sensations she was experiencing as they grappled in her chest. 
One emotion was spreading out all warm and creamy as she heard the sound of their lost captain waddling into the chamber (and he was waddling for some reason, very unlike him), and the other emotion was clenching around her insides like a needle-studded vice. 
As pleased as she was to find that Iman had not been snatched away by the crawler and stuffed inside the gruesome belly-pouch, she was practically frantic with the need to hear Reetlse’s ideas for surviving the night. 
She whirled around like the hirsute nightmare she resembled, taking up space in the tiny scum-lined bedroom, and greeted the Jashian officer with a bestial stare that would have flattened any lesser man.
As usual, Iman took no notice of the look. He turned shoulder-first into the entryway and swayed side-to-side across the threshold. Opposed to sounding alarmed (either by what he’d found or by the titan’s lethal glare), he sounded elated. His teeth were on display—though, perhaps in a grimace—and he was telling them how they simply would not believe what he’d found.
“I can’t believe it myself,” he admitted, his voice now sounding strained, perhaps an octave lower than normal. “After all those ages of flipping over rugs and looking under tables…”
“Iman dear,” Mums said, keeping the frustration from her voice, “I am actually glad you’re here. Reetlse is about to share information that will be valuable to all of us. You need to hear what he has to say.”
“Yeah, yeah,” Iman said, waddling in like Balthus on a bad day, his back hunched over and the corners of his smile stretched to the breaking point. “You need to see what I have to show you. You’re not going to believe it.” 
Mums leaned her cudgel against the wall and folded her shaggy arms across her chest. What she didn’t believe was that a captain in the king’s army could be so disrespectful and stubborn and borderline foolish. 
“Iman dear, whatever it is, I’m afraid it will have to wait. Reetsle and I were in the middle of an important conversation that means the difference between life and dea—”
“Not my life,” Iman interrupted, grunting like a stone mason heaving slag from his bench. “My life’s going to be good.”  
Mums was an instant from grabbing him about the throat and showing him what kind of a life he was about to have when her anxiety over the boggen (and the long night ahead) suddenly intensify seven fold. 
She felt her arms unfolding and her emotional defenses lower. Inside her head, her internal voice began to warn her about the nonchalant manner in which this captain (her Guide to Elnor) had presented the horrors of this mansion. 
If memory served, this same man had considered these ruins a veritable vacation spot on some tropical isle, a little mold here, a few cracks there, But hey, Mums, you won’t find a place as nice as this… 
All of a sudden, she not only wanted to see this amazing find, she needed to see it. She needed to take a look for herself and decide if it was a cause for celebration or for alarm. So far, the sight that greeted her was not encouraging.
At Iman’s waist, there was something cradled in both his muscular hands, something the titan judged to be rather dense based upon the way it bowed the man’s legs and yanked down both arms at the sockets. The other clue was the way he swayed around it—shoulders teetering like a metronome—instead of the other way around.
“Seriously,” Iman wheezed, his mouth caught between grimace and grin, “you might want to sit down for this!”
Eyes locked on the heavy wonder at the captain’s waist, ears still tuned to the preternatural silence outside, Mums said, “Iman dear, would you please lower your voice?”
“You’re going to love this the most, Mumsy,” Iman cheered, his voice as loud as ever.
Rather than warn him a second time about the volume of his voice (which had proven to be a colossal waste of time), Mums tried to focus on the potential danger he was hauling inside their redoubt. 
“It looks heavy,” she observed.
“Oh, it is,” Iman said, exhibiting great care as he waddled to the right and set the object on the dresser. “But just look at it,” he added, waving to them blindly, unable to take his eyes from what appeared to be a lumpy melon. 
Mums took a step closer and discovered it was not a melon, but a rock. Then, as she came closer still, the object looked more like one of those eggs from the giant ice storks of her homeland. She stared at it in awe, trying to imagine how an ice stork would have made its way down here, then lowered her head level with the table and saw the object was round like a ball and not oval like an egg. 
And considering the way it bent him at the waist, she thought, it’s probably not full of yoke. 
“Is it rock?” she asked, trying to sound neutral.
Beside her, Reetsle snorted like dog that smells a stranger on the other side of the door. “It’s a rock,” he said, shaking his head, then muttering something the titan thought sounded like, “Idiot.”
“No, no, no. It’s more than a rock,” Iman said, ignoring Reetsle and reaching out to caress the thing’s side. “It’s a glowing rock. See it? Do you see the green on it, on the sides?”
As it turned out, Mums did not. She saw pits on the surface, a few minor chips, and a handful of hairline fissures, all the traits she’d expect from an ordinary, run-of-the-mill rock. Trying to keep an open mind, she plucked the stone from the dresser top and hefted it in the air, hoping to discern whether it was solid. After two of three throws, she decided it was solid, and how. 
Sighing ruefully, she lifted the ball to her chest and took one final look, opening her fingers and spreading her palm and nearly dropping the thing as the phosphorescent green finally rose to catch her eye.
“See!” Iman said, reading the awe in her face. 
Mums did see. She couldn’t speak—could only stare in wonder at the faint light emanating in the shaggy bowl of her hand—but she did see. The greenish light had been there all along, faint but there, hiding first in the captain’s tightly clasped hands, then later blending with the fuzzy mold of the dresser. 
With some trepidation, Mums brought it to eye level, still wondering if this were some kind of trick. “Where did you say you found this?” she asked, staring into the viridian hue.
“Just down the hall,” Iman said. “In one of the walls.” 
“Walls?” Mums said, setting the stone down and examining her hand. 
“Oh yeah, right there in the wall,” Iman said. “Can you believe it?” 
Apparently, at the start of his watch, he’d revisited each of the manor’s rooms to see if he’d missed anything on his first inspection, and there it was, just down the hall in a pile of busted paneling, a faintly-glowing geode dislodged from hiding by the violence of the old ones visited upon the mansion. 
“I checked all the other rooms after that,” he said, sounding a tad rueful, “but I didn’t find any more, or any hidden compartments.” He ran his eyes around the chamber in which they stood. “I was going to check this one, but you two were still sleeping, and I didn’t want to wake you.” 
Rather than thank him for his thoughtfulness, Mums wiped her hand on her hip and said, “When you say in the wall, do you mean a vault, or a…a safety box?” 
Staring at the glow stone, Iman thought for a moment, then shook his head. “There wasn’t anything like that,” he said. “Not that I saw.”
Mums held her hand before her face, turning it front to back and searching for contamination. So far, she found none. No residue on the fingers, no burn marks on the palm. Her hide felt a little warm from being rubbed against her hip, but otherwise it was the same shaggy paw with which she’d been born. 
Still staring at it, she said, “And your hands? Do they feel all right?”  
Iman didn’t look at his hands. “They’re fine,” he said, the sparkle gone from his eyes, the grin dead on his lips. “Mums, this is someone’s treasure, not a poisoned apple. What are you…,” he trailed off, staring at her in silence, his breathing filling the room, “…what’s wrong with you?” 
“Nothing,” Mums said, sniffing at her paw. “It’s your stone I’m not so sure about.” She rubbed her thumb across her fingers and said, “It came out of a swamp where a colony of people vanished in the ni—”
“A colony,” Iman interrupted, “overseen by a very wealthy ruling class. Did you not look at the place when you came in? This place is a mansion, Mums. A real-life mansion. It belonged to the colonial overseers, to a class of people who were filthy rich, and this,” he stabbed a finger at the glow stone, “this is the sort of thing you find in the walls of filthy rich people. You’re being ridiculous!” 
“Well, you’re being—” Mums stopped herself short. She was very closer to entering the name-game and redirected herself away from the relevant issues. “Iman…dear…would you please stop and listen to what you’re saying? If they were overseers, they probably weren’t stupid either. They wouldn’t seal their valuables away in a wall! That would make them rather hard to access, do you not agree?”
To her surprise, Iman was nodding as though he did agree. “Yeah, I do,” he said. “That’s why I found it and the other hundred or so looters who came along before me walked right past it.” He took a step towards the stone. “You think we’re the first ones to come here, the first treasure hunters? Sweet Pit on a Stick, Mums, Jaysh and I used to come here all the time, and my father before that, and his father before that.” He put a hand on the stone, caressing it with his thumb. “Anything not in a wall or a floor or buried in the yard was stolen out of this place before you or I were ever born.” 
“Or maybe that thing was growing in the wall,” Mums countered, taking another step back. “Maybe it wriggled up from the same evil that befell these colonists.” 
Iman didn’t answer. Instead, his panting silhouette stomped to the wall behind the wardrobe and went still. She could hear him breathing over there—as she could hear the thump of the crawler’s arm below—and then a dull tapping on the walls, the captain’s knuckles rapping three times near the ceiling, then again at a lower point on the wall, then lower still as he made his way to the mold-covered floor.
“You don’t know,” Mums told him, speaking to his pecking apparition. “You don’t know what that thing is.” 
The tapping reached the floor, paused as the tapper regained his feet, then resumed again near the ceiling at a place slightly closer to where she stood.
She opened her mouth to warn him again about the dangers of his glowing rock, and then slowly closed her lips. She hated to admit it, but his rock didn’t really matter, not compared to what would happen once the darkness was complete. If she had to put her finger on what was bothering her, she would have to say it was the fact she’d let her fear of the crawler blind her to the captain’s rather obvious agenda. 
Throughout the day, there had been clue after clue tipping her off, but she had been too frightened to see them. The way he’d nodded like a woodpecker when she’d mentioned entering the Dell. The way he’d quickly explained away her concerns for the horses. The scorching pace he’d set once they’d entered the bog, all the stories he’d told about visiting the ruins as a child. 
She put her back to him, turning to face the window. His rock might not matter, and maybe he hadn’t done anything wrong, but he still wasn’t taking their situation very serious, and for that she was furious. 
Of course, once she’d turned around, she saw the halfling was no better. His dark outline was seated in the corner and he had his axe laid out across his lap, a wet stone rubbing against the blade and a rhythmic spray of sparks cascading down his pants…just sharpening his blades without a care in the world. 
Now that she thought about it, she’d heard the grating noise behind her, but had been so engrossed in her argument with the captain that she’d completely ignored it, much like the halfling was ignoring her now.
I can’t win, she thought, watching the flare of orange dots spilling to the floor. One of these two cretins is going to get us killed. 
She didn’t really believe that, not yet she didn’t. She had already convinced Reetsle to stay out of the bog at night. All she needed to do now was reason with Iman about his evil stone and convince him to leave it behind.  
In lieu of turning around, she projected her voice over her shoulder and said, “Do you plan to take it with you?” 
From behind her, the tapping never faltered. “Well, yeah,” Iman said, his voice a little calmer, but still acerbic. “I’ll carry that one out and bring a sled back for the others.” 
Mums had to bite her tongue to keep from whirling around and screaming at him—Others? What do you mean, OTHERS?—but when the urge to scream had passed and she felt more composed, she said, “So you don’t believe the stone will be a burden?” 
The three-part tapping stopped on the second tap, and in the ensuing silence Mums imagined the young captain thinking about the way he’d hobbled down the hall with his rock clutched below the belt. She imagined him thinking about what he’d look like waddling through the shin-deep muck with that miniature boulder clasped in his arms. 
When the triple tapping resumed, Iman said, “That thing down stairs isn’t exactly fast.” 
“No,” she said. “But what of the boggen?” 
Iman chuckled to himself, a passionate, mean-sounding bark. “I told you already,” he said, “my father used to march through this place all the time and he never saw one shred of proof the boggen existed.” 
Watching Reetsle’s steady scraping, Mums said, “Did he come at night?”
“Did he come at…,” Iman trailed off, giving this some thought. “If you haven’t noticed, Mumsy, treasure hunting is a bit of a pain when you can’t see what you’re doing. So no, he didn’t come at night. But it’s like he used to always say, with all the people coming and going during the day, with no one ever seeing anything in the trees, or hearing anything in the buildings, what’re the chances that a—” 
The rest of his argument was lost to the titan as, outside in the swamp, something erupted from the water.



Chapter 41

Two long and pointed stakes plummeting through the steadily-darkening fog, that was the sight that greeted Jaysh as he hefted Serit’s sword overhead and stared past the point. 
There was something behind the stakes as well, something large and white and making all manner of fluttering noises, but he wasn’t paying much attention to that something. 
His eyes remained fixed upon the twin spears of ivory sinking towards him through the air, his forebrain calculating the intent of those bone shards and his hind brain sending him lunging out of the way.
He soared vertically through the air and time froze around him, a memory from earlier that day replaying in his mind. He saw himself and Serit walking beside the trail of pitch and discussing the possible origins of the trial.
…there were a few times I thought I heard something up there, Serit had said. It sounded like banners flapping in the wind, or a large mass passing through the air...
Perfectly parallel with the snot-covered ground, still frozen in time by shock and adrenaline, Jaysh had a moment to wonder if this was the manslug’s good friend, skyslug, come to save its buddy from a nasty beheading…and then time sped back up and resumed its course through the two remaining dimensions. 
He hit the ground on his shoulder, felt his hip scream at him to knock it off (whatever he was doing), and then he was skidding through the mucus in a long, syrupy line. 
Behind him, in the place where he’d been standing when he first spotted the twin spears of bone, the ground began to quake. It was difficult to hear with one ear packed with slime, but the sound reminded him of several feather mattresses striking the ground in quick succession, one landing right after the other. 
He propped himself up on his arms, dazed but coherent, and sure that the worst was over as the creature, whatever it had been, was now dead with a broken spine, when the ground behind him began to trembling once more. 
He chanced a look over his shoulder as he clambered to his feet and it appeared, from what he could see through the slate-gray fog, that the felled creature was beating itself upon the ground like a flopping fish. The thing was colorless and veined, as the melted biters had been, but the imitation of a drowning catfish was undeniable. 
Jaysh faced forward and ran as fast as his hip would allow. As intriguing as the sight might be, he was more than willing to wallow in his ignorance and leave the creature behind. He broke into ambling trot and set a course for the banks of the Swa— 
Some part of the flailing creature collided with his left moccasin and sent him skidding through the slime. He came to rest at a handful of melon-sized burrows and was back on his hands and feet at once, scrambling across the ground with his butt in the air and his beard plowing muck. He could only hope that his partner was doing—
Ah, shoot. 
Still down on all fours, Jaysh jerked his head to either side, checking for the general. He didn’t remember seeing the old man die, not while bolting from the impact site, but that didn’t mean it hadn’t happened. 
After spying the tusks in the fog and lunging to the side, he had no recollection of what took place behind him. He knew only that Serit had been standing rather close at the time (had been handing him his sword, in fact) and that it had required quite an acrobatic feat on his part to escape the descending creature. 
Still crawling, Jaysh spied something off to the south, something moving through the mounds of soil and streamers of mist. It might have been a tall and gangly outline staggering sideways through the slime, but it might have been a shadow. There were plenty of those now. 
Jaysh was getting ready to stand and race after the figure, to find out for sure if it was the general or not, but as he made it halfway to his feet he was stopped cold by a new sound coming from the creature. 
Behind him, the thunderous flailing had been replaced by the sound of canvases billowing in the air. 
Baffled by the sound, he continued on in his less-than-productive crouch for several more strides, his mind working feverishly to construct a picture of his attacker: tent posts for teeth, wet mattresses for head and body, boat sails for wings… 
The last detail seemed fantastic even for a creature of the bottoms, but any lingering doubt was quickly relieved as the fog around him began to twist and swirl, turning lightly at first and then picking up speed, eventually streaking past him in a blur. 
By then, he couldn’t have looked behind him even if he tried. Facing away from the thing, his eyes were no more than wrinkled slits and remained that way until the heavy whooping increased in frequency and ascended slowly in the air, gaining in altitude even as it diminished in volume. 
Jaysh opened his eyes and stood to full height, spinning around in time to watch the fog pour into the cavity created by the wind. A part of him wanted to keep running—to turn and sprint until he was well away from this place—but several other parts of him (the rational parts) stayed his antsy feet. 
Running from the point of impact had been a necessary course of action, but running for its own sake was futile. Whatever danger had existed behind him was now somewhere else (above him, no less) and fleeing randomly might actually lead him to the attacker. 
He cocked his head back and his chin up and slowly turned in circles, searching the low-lying clouds for any trace of the creature’s passage—wisps and shadows, as Serit called them—but the shadowy ceiling remained motionless and smooth, nothing rippling, nothing billowing…
Now, jus stay that a-way, he thought, and took a single, delicate step to the south, setting a course for the place he thought he’d seen the general. 
Overhead, a single heavy whoop echoed in the fog.
He glanced up, thought he saw a dark shape passing through the darker ceiling, but nothing came plummeting through. He lowered his head and resumed his search. 
If Serit were still alive, he needed to locate the old man and warn him against making any loud noises. More than likely, the thing with the tent-pole teeth couldn’t see them any more than they could see it. So if they kept their mouths shut and their feet light, there was a good chance they could slip out of this place just as easily as they’d—
Twin daggers of bone descended from above, slicing through fog in a direct line for his skull. He sprinted forward, keeping his feet this time, and just avoided being leveled into the flat sweep of clay and mucus. 
Behind him, the Bottoms rumbled with what sounded like a wagonload of feed sacks crashing to the ground. This time, however, the flailing started almost immediately and he barely had time to register the change before a part of the flopping creature struck him square in the back. 
He went soaring through the fog like a child’s ragdoll, watched in horror as the general’s sword went sailing from his grasp and spinning into oblivion, and then the slop-covered ground came slamming into him and he went skidding along on his hip (the good one, thankfully). 
He dug his fingers into the mud beneath the slime, brought the skid to a stop, and went scrambling in the direction he thought he’d seen the sword. The handle and blade, he knew, would be submerged beneath the ooze, but the guard would stick up for him to see, and probably the pommel.
Only they didn’t.
He thought he had the weapon pegged when he’d landed, but now he had no idea where it had gone. He knew only that the creature was still thumping at his heels, the sound a boulder might make if only it could hop. He looked a moment more and then pushed on, wishing to put distance between himself and the creature.
As if reading his mind, the thudding gave way to whooping, and the mists began to swirl.  
Jaysh changed direction, staggering to the right in anticipation of what was to come. This would lead him away from the general, but it had to be done. His hip was starting to ache and he could feel himself wearing down. 
Behind and above, the whooping of wings faded in the ether. 
Jaysh changed direction again, trudging deeper into the dens and no longer glancing behind them for man-shaped shadows. At this point, he’d given up on the general and was focusing on putting one foot in front of the other, his progress through Burrow City having slowed to a shoulder-slumping trot and his moccasins ceasing to rise from the ground. 
He was literally skating through the ground-slime, slipping and sliding in no particular direction, and letting his eyes glide across the scenery. Everything began to look like everything else, his fear and fatigue having turned the basin into a uniform world of gooey black floors and hazy white walls. 
He skated a little further and began to see things that weren’t there—eyes in the burrows, bodies in the mist—he skated further still and began to see things that were there…only seeing them too late, like the knee-high den that came sweeping out of nowhere and cut his legs out from under him. 
He went sprawling on his face, a flare of pain erupting in his hip, and then he was clawing his way to his feet, panting and groaning and sliding through the dens. 
Overhead, a solitary whoop beat at the storm-cloud sky. 
Jaysh looked up, a much easier feat at his new snail’s pace, and saw nothing but ceiling mist overhead. He lowered his head, took two more slippery strides (muscles aching, lungs burning), and felt the last of his energy seeping from his pores.  
It was the oddest sensation, really, like someone snuffing out the fires of his passion in a single, stifling stroke, some unseen force licking its thumb and forefinger and bringing them together on the burning wick of his desire. All of the feelings he’d ever shared, limited though they were, terminated in the blink of an eye. 
In his head, as clear as crystal waters, he saw his hobbies pass before his eyes, saw himself sleeping on the Hill with Beth watching over him, saw Zeph fleeing through the grasses and Gariel hobbling through her hovel (old and wrinkled and leaning on a cane), he saw Serit crying in mist and saw himself skewered through the brainpan by a pair of long, calcareous lances…
...none of this registered in his heart, absolutely none of it, no love, no pain, no momentary pang of loss or regret. 
The betraying whoop came again and Jaysh stumbled to a halt, looking up into the cumulus white and watching as it parted around a pair of dirty-white spears. 
He watched them come and took a good hard look at the grubby white creature behind them. In his simple but accurate mind, it seemed only fair that he know the face of the creature that was about to smoosh him into the next life. 
The beast he saw had the veined skin of a biter—only not so much melted as it was swollen—and the body of a bloodless fishing worm, segmented lines encircling a hard pasty flesh, twin fangs jutting out from either side of its black, circular maw.
Jaysh was still staring at the mouth, and wondering stupidly if his shoulders would fit through the opening, when a hand came out of nowhere, rested delicately against his right shoulder, and shoved. 
The shove was not delicate. 
For what felt like the twentieth time, Jaysh flailed sideways and landed on his side, skidding several body lengths before coming to an unceremonious stop in the slime. The air behind him filled with the sound of boulders striking at the clay. 
Still wrestling with his own coherence, he watched as part of the gray and segmented sack protruded from the mist and pounded in his direction, only this time the flailing was less emphatic, perhaps even subdued. He wondered if that was because the worm was devouring the man who’d saved his life instead of flopping over to knock him from his feet. 
He rolled onto his hands and knees and crawled to the nearest burrow, moving slowly and with little care for what was about to happen to him or the man inside those coils. He clutched at the mound and climbed to his feet. 
For a fuzzy moment, he thought that perhaps it was Serit who’d tracked him down and pushed him to safety. He reflected on this as the thrashing continued, then remembered that Serit struggled to push his boots into the openings on his stirrups and wondered how he would manage.  
Behind him, the fanged worm stopped thudding and began to whoop. 
Jaysh peeked around the burrow holding him up and stared at the place where the mist was whipping into ghostly strips. A dark shape lifted into the clouds and he had time to wonder how anything so large could ever get off the ground. He watched it moving towards him through the lower clouds, then disappear in the obscuring mists. 
There was a moment of darkness and calm, a moment for Jaysh to catch his breath before he died, and then the lonely whoop of a wing from directly overhead.
He found the strength to lift his head, but before he could see the tip of those bony pikes descending from the gloom, the hand came again. He felt it press itself against his shoulder with such gentleness that it might have materialized out of thin air. 
Jaysh had a fraction of an instant to wonder how the man had survived the last attack, and how he could see through the infernal clouds to know it was time, and then the hand was shoving him so fast and so hard that he could not help but grunt as it feet left the ground.
Several paces away, he hit the ground on his chest and slid over several gourd-sized burrows, coming to a stop only when he crashed into one the size of a chicken coop. 
Gasping for breath, one arm draped over the mound that had stopped him, he turned and caught a glimpse of the mystery-pusher in the corner of his eye, the outline of a man sprinting through the fog as the larger shape of the worm crashed into the ground and began to throw itself up and down against the dens. 
Taking less time to thump about the slime, the beast spread a set of large and membranous wings—full of purple veins and scar-tissue tendons—and began ascending to the sky. As it did, Jaysh caught sight of its freakishly long tail and the bulging deformity at the end.
He sat up and stared limp-eyed at the swirling mist where the monster had disappeared, more specifically at the spot where the bulging tail had vanished. It could have been a man, and maybe he’d even seen an arm sticking out the side, maybe even a huge mustached-face if he let his imagination go. 
He crawled back to his feet and ambled in the direction of the worm, reaching for the bow on his shoulder. He didn’t know what a shaft of pointed wood might do against an enemy this large, but it didn’t matter. His hand grasped empty air and he realized his bow and pack had fallen off during one of his many tumbles. 
He lowered his hand and kept marching, his eyes staring into clouds as black as night, his lips mumbling out the general’s first name, his left shoulder feeling something materialize against its flesh. 
It happened so fast this time that he didn’t even think to tense. He felt a palm, four fingers, and a thumb—so soft, he thought, so very, very soft—and then he was sailing through the air, landing on his back and grating through the area where the worm had last attacked. 
He felt pieces of broken burrow slapping against his head and neck, lumps of clay gliding beneath his shoulders, and then a pain like none he’d ever known—a deep, razorblade pain tearing gashes down his back. 
Only later would he discover that the soil within the ground—the soil which had been brought to the surface by whatever pasty hands had made the dens—was full of jagged stones and petrified wood. For now, he knew only that the soft meat of his back was being sliced to ribbons by something in the burrows. 
He opened his mouth and vented anguish at the world, but his cries were devoured by the crash of the worm as it collided with the ground and came writhing towards him, its bloated tubes rising and falling in the ooze, sheets of black snot squirting from between. 
Still screaming, Jaysh listened to the rumble as it drew near. He listened as it slowed. He listened as it stopped and writhed in place. 
Lifting his shredded back from the muck—still screaming—he watched the worm begin to coil about itself, watched each layer of its body sliding against the next, the overlapping bands tightening in a knot. 
Inside those coils, where Jaysh could no longer see, there would be a man with his legs bending flush with his stomach and his arms twisting up behind his spine, a man with his head tucking against his chest and his guts trying to pop like a soap bubble. 
Jaysh leaned forward to place weight atop his legs and his back began to sizzle. He lay down on his side almost immediately, gasping for breath and scrunching his eyes. 
His back hurt so bad he’d lost track of the worm, the pain so potent that it seemed to be alive, to have its own voice. He could hear it back there even now, creeping up behind and whispering in his ear. 
Hey, old friend, the pain said. Remember me? Remember the good times we had way back when, back in the days of the garden and the times before the
—lumpy green— 
wall? I remember, even if you don’t. I remember you nearly died that one time, when Lorn came to get you. You nearly died and I wasn’t even half as big as I am now. I mean, you really tore yourself up this time, didn’t you. 
What do you think your shoulders look like? Scrambled eggs with tomato sauce? That stuff you used to play with in the alley behind the Butcher’s shop? You remember the butcher’s shop, don’t you?
The sizzling became mere discomfort and Jaysh’s eyes focused on the ever-coiling monster in the fog.
Yeah, the pain-voice said, you remember the butcher’s shop. It’s the other parts before that you can’t recall, the time you spent in the straw, way down deep in all that dark and itchy straw, all those dark and itchy thoughts trying to come through the 
—lumpy green—
wall, trying to come through from the dark and itchy place where all your nightmares seek to sleep…
The pain subsided and Jaysh slid himself sideways to the clod-pile, leaning against it. 
The coiling stopped. 
Jaysh shivered and winced and waited for his turn. 
The worm began to move again, but this time the movement was different. Jaysh couldn’t put his finger on the difference, but he thought the movements were less coordinated and not as structured. Instead of a collective motion, where the whole of the beast strove to constrict the life from its prey, the movements seemed like isolated jolts from random points on its girth.
After a good deal of this erratic twitching, one of the coils on top of the pile slid sideways and struck the ground. Something slid out of the hole this made, something that looked like an arm. After more wriggling occurred, and another section of worm slumped to the ground, a head and shoulders followed after the arm. They wrestled their way free of the coils and landed on the ground with a definitive thud. 
After righting itself, the kryst took several thundering steps towards Jaysh and peered down at him, a giant silhouette against a dark and cloudy sky. 
Jaysh thought, I’ve seen this b’fore, back on the Hill, back ‘fore the happenins took off an’ e’rythin got messy…Here in a few, it’ll make with the finger-touchin an’ the fist-poundin and then…
…and then…
Jaysh felt a slime-covered clod rising up to meet his head. He let the clod come, watching as a swell of ebon vapor formed at the edges of his vision and converged upon the center.



Chapter 42

The blood-freezing scream had barely finished cutting through the air and Brine was on his feet and looking around the clearing, or trying to look around the clearing. For some reason, his eyes refused to work. 
Without thought, he quickly utilized his go-to-move for such occasions, a tried-and-true method he so tenderly referred to as the wrinkled-faced squint. When that failed to work, he went with a supplemental strategy he called the periphery-peek-and-rapidity-blink, which entailed looking out the corners of his eyes and blinking as quickly as he could. 
If’n yeh don’t stop that squintin around, Reets had been so fond of telling him, you’ll end up wearin them peepers out. 
And it seemed as though he had. The periphery-peek-and-rapidity-blink worked no better than the wrinkle-faced-squint. He had either gone completely blind (he’d always known that day would come) or it was just really, really dark in the clearing.
Without further consideration, he sent his fingers to his hip pouch and clawed open the drawstring, peeling out his last line of defense against the ails of visual impairment. 
He could get away without the seeing lens during the day, seeing by colors and shapes and movement, but not at night. At night, blurry black shapes against blurry black background did him about as much good as sticking his head in a bucket. The seeing lens, however, distinguished shapes from background. 
He placed the disc in his eye and squinted, but before he had time to inspect his surroundings, he heard the harried sound of footfalls beating the sands behind. 
…thut-thut-thut… 
He spun around and had a look through the lens, catching sight of two dark shapes streaking towards the eastern edge of the spur. They were humanoid in appearance, but otherwise featureless. 
Brine might have thought them orcs, which were also humanoid in shape, except he could smell the stink of chewed vine about them and he could see they were traveling in tandem. Before retiring for the night, Ardose had vowed to flog the first man he caught moving by himself. 
Brine watched them dissolving into the perpetual darkness and decided the scream must have come from the east. He couldn’t remember much about the cry (except that it had turned his blood cold and woke him from a dead sleep), but those men had been on watch at the time and would have heard it clearly. 
He stared after the two men for a time, feeling mildly better about his situation, but also feeling that old familiar slap of panic. He bit at the inside of his lip as he thought, then decided it would probably be best to move closer to the rock spur, at least until the screaming ended and men returned to their posts.  
It would best to get inside the cave, he thought, depressingly, but like Mums used to say, “Beggars can’t be choosers.” 
He directed the seeing lens at the place where he’d been seated and found Godfry to be the one exception in the mini-desert. Unlike the rest of the scrambling bodies, his teacher lay sprawled on his side and sleeping like the dead. 
Brine squatted beside him and marveled at the feat. As they’d done on previous evening, Brine and his partner had avoided the numerous piles of animal waste by leaning against one another’s backs and laying their heads against the other man’s shoulder. 
This method worked superbly for keeping the crap out of your hair, but it came up lacking when one of the two parties leapt to their feet. Godfry’s head must have slid from Brine’s shoulder and impacted the ground, but it certainly hadn’t disturbed him.
“Godfry,” Brine said, shaking his teacher gently by the shoulder, then remembering that the impact of the ground hadn’t woken him and giving him a more rigorous shove. “Godfry. Wake up.” 
The violent shove, in coordination with the sound of his name, did the trick. Godfry sat up in the gloom and began to moan, then to ask nonsensical questions due either to his senility or the grogginess. 
One of the questions was about Old Sam and whether or not he had passed, and Brine had to work to keep the sorrow out of his voice when next he spoke. He waited until Godfry sounded more coherent, then gave his arm a tug and said, “Come on. We’re moving.”
The shadow of Godfry’s head was still for a moment, then said, “Can’t have with a bit more sleep, can we?” His head appeared to pan about the clearing. “Still looks dark to me.”
“The hissing-thing’s come back,” Brine said, standing to his feet and keeping hold of the old man’s bird-bone hand. “We need to move to the rocks.” 
“Rocks,” Godfry mimed, still not moving, but no longer sounding obstinate. “What rocks, now?”
“Right over here,” Brine said, giving the old man’s hand a yank, and reminding himself that Amontus had used love to change the minds of his dissenters. “We aren’t moving very far, but we have to move. That bole-beast is on the move again.”
“Bole-beast,” Godfry said, sounding unsure as he pulled down hard on Brine’s hand and leveredhimself to his feet. “Now, does old Bal know about thi—”
“Yes. Yes, he knows. He knows all about it.” Brine’s tone was completely absent of the love and understanding used by the Great Prophet. “Come on.”
Godfry was on his feet, but pulling against his student’s hand. “Here, now,” he said. “Where’s my walking stick? I have my…,” he trailed off, his bushy head turning this way and that, “…I have my book here, but I don’t seem…”
Not daring to grope about the dung piles with his bare hands, Brine kicked about with his feet—one hand keeping a firm grip on his teacher as he did so—and finally met with something long and hard and rolling. 
“Here,” he said, retrieving the stick and thrusting it in to Godfry’s chest. “Are we good, now? Can we go?” Without waiting for an answer (or a repeat of yesterday afternoon’s escapade), he started after the rock spur.
Godfry followed for a handful of steps, compliant for the most part, then said, “Sam’s Boy.”
“Yes.”
“Where is it we’re going?” 
 Brine unclenched his jaw and said, “Over by the rocks.”
More of that seemingly compliant silence ensued, followed by, “And where is it we’ll find these ro—” 
“Just up ahead,” Brine said, speaking curtly. “You can’t see them, but they’re there. It’s just…,” now it was his turn to trail off in thought, “…it’s just darker tonight, for…for some reason.” 
Godfry let out a low, mind-rumbling, “Hmm,” but said no more.
Brine lowered his head to the dry lumps of crap he felt beneath his sandals. Everything down there, especially in the region of his feet, was a blank sheet of stygian. He lifted his head and looked around the clearing, struck once again by the almost subterranean darkness that had settled over the Harriun. 
Last night, and just before falling asleep on this night, there had been more starlight than this. He remembered seeing Balthus by the cave, the pair of Lathians to either side, the two archers keeping watch from high upon the jut. He couldn’t see any of that now.
He tipped back his head and directed the monocle at the sky, looking for the moon and stars that had been there when he and Godfry had retired for the day. It didn’t take long to realize those celestial beauties were noticeably absent, and although he was no astronomer—astronomy being a discipline too closely related to the forbidden witchcraft of astrology—he was aware that the moon waxed and waned over a cycle of days. The stars, likewise, did not light out in the middle of the night like a band of gypsy merchants.
It has to be cloud cover, he decided, and lowered his head, thinking that if it were cloud cover (which it had to be), it was the irony of all ironies. Since leaving the Desert of the F’kari over a week ago, he’d seen only a handful of puffy white stragglers hanging in the sky. Cloud cover, he thought again, a shiver of nerves traveling his spine. 
The word cover swelled in his mind’s eye and began to burn like smoldering coals, and behind it the memory of Balthus and Ardose arguing about the Lathians inability to take the cover away from the hissing-thing. First it used the boles, then the spur itself…
…and now the darkness. 
Brine stopped where he was and let Godfry amble into him. He still couldn’t see the jut of basalt sticking up from the sands, but he wasn’t thinking about the jut right now. He was thinking about the hissing-thing, imagining the creature as it crouched among the boles and waited for the clouds to roll out like thick black tarps across the white pinpricks in the sky. 
He darted his eyes about the stones he could not see and tried to remember how far they’d been from the cave entrance. If ever they were in need of shelter (despite what Balthus thought), now was the time. 
He pulled Godfry towards him and turned to face the vast plane of sand and the line of boles in the distance, neither of which registered in the pervasive gloom. 
“Let’s sit here,” he said, brushing at the ground with his sandals and clearing a poop-free area for them to sit. They sat and leaned into each other’s backs. Godfry tilted his head onto Brine’s shoulder. 
To the east of the spur, the mutter of heated voices mixed with thud of running boots and the clatter of gear and weapons. 
“Can’t hear it, though,” Godfry said, speaking right next to Brine’s ear.
Brine jumped a little, then settled down as his mind began to whirl and his thought began to gravitate towards interpreting the old man’s announcement. 
“Can’t hear what?” he asked.
“That hissing, er…cougher…creature,” Godfry said.
Brine frowned at the darkness. His teacher was correct in his assertion, but he wondered what had prompted him to introduce the topic. He opened his mouth to ask the question…and closed it when he heard the old man snoring. 
He turned his head to the east, the direction of the muffled shouts and random clatter, and felt another jolt of fear pierce his chest from the inside-out. 
If this was the handiwork of that slick-skinned monster—that heartless butcher that tortured its victims for an entire morning—why had the initial scream been so brief? Why hadn’t they heard the shrieks of some poor soul being dragged into the wilderness? 
He cocked an ear to the east and listened to those who’d responded to the scream. One of them was Ardose, indicated by his curt cadence and caustic tone, but he had no idea who the others were. All he knew for certain was that the speakers on that end of the spur sounded as though the situation was serious.
Ardose, for instance, was speaking as though he were being punched in the gut with each word, each syllable quick and strained. Brine began to wonder about the eerie silence and the oppressive cover and the fact that the hissing-thing did not appear to be taking trophies. 
Was it some other creature they were dealing with, a troll or an orc pack, or maybe a creature so menacing that any visitor who met with it never lived to tell?
The longer he thought about it, the more he put his money on the latter. Trolls were rather large and dimwitted and, from what he’d heard, incapable of stealth. By the same token, he wasn’t sure if an orc pack could hold its collective tongue long enough to be furtive. He’d once read that orcs behaved—and, in some ways, resembled—a pack of rabid dogs, and he struggled to envision a pack of dogs sneaking through the clearing. 
It bothered him that he didn’t know what the Lathains were dealing with, but in a place like this, a place untouched by exploration or trade, the unknown was part of life. With so few people venturing in and with only raving lunatics scrambling out, who was to say what crept along the sands or leapt between the bo—
One of the sentries to the west let out a terrifying shriek.  
Ardose and the men on the east side of the spur went still for a time, then one of them made a hushed order and they ran towards the cry via the south side of the spur, Ardose shouting at his men to stay in pairs, his men breathing heavy and struggling to keep up.  
…thut-thut-thut…
As Brine listened to their passage, he was aware of a second set of footfalls behind him—on the north side of the jut. He turned his ear away from Ardose and focused on the movement, his heart going cold as he realized it was a single set of footfalls. It went colder still as he realized they were moving away from the last scream and towards the east side of the spur. 
Brine was willing to accept that it might be the lone mercenary whose partner was killed during that last scream, fleeing from the attack site and seeking aid from his brethren, but what sent a sickening pool of dread welling in his stomach was the quality of those footfalls.
Instead of a thut-thut-thut, like the other footfalls, they came to his ears a tad heavier, more on par with a poomp-poomp-poomp. 
Brine spun round, jerked his monocle at the footfalls, and saw nothing but black space. He didn’t know what he expected to see, but until the insufferable lighting changed, Sira herself could have been squatting over him with a harpoon in one hand and a net in the other and he wouldn’t have—
No…No, wait a moment. 
There was something over there, something in the general vicinity of the footfalls, something like a white shield floating through the gloom, floating through the darkness like a…like one of those…
His mind failed to place the object and decided to throw up an image from his past instead, an image from a history book Serit had assigned to him as reading. 
The image depicted a court jester dancing a jig before the masses, his legs kicking, his arms swinging, his painted-on grin stretched from ear-to-goofy-ear. In the background, the court was full of ruling-class nobility (king and queen among them) and they were all smiling and clapping and cheering the fool. 
Brine had never understood why. As a boy, he’d always despised those pasty-faced charlatans, never really trusting their chalky grins and never-ending smiles. But like them or not—understand them or not—it was one of these white harlequin faces he now saw floating through the gloom.
He pushed back from the thing, knocking Godfry from his shoulder (the old man thumping numbly in the sand) and went crawling to his feet. Before the image dissipated in the east, he was leaping up and down and trying to yell for help, applying pressure to his diaphragm and hearing only a thin whistle in his ears. 
“Here! It’s heeere!” He grabbed at his throat, squeezing it as though trying to break free from the obstructing terror. “I seee it!” 
From the east, someone made one of those wet and strangled screams (the sound like a fisherman squeezing the guts from a bass) and every muscle in Brine’s body went taut and achy. 
He stopped squeezing his throat and turned to face the cry, listening as, beyond the jut, Ardose and his mobile unit went hoofing it back to the east (thut-thut-thut). At the same time, the lone set of footfalls moved back to the west (poomp-poomp-poomp). 
Brine whirled around and, again, caught sight of the harlequin mask hovering about eight or nine hands off the ground, the idiot’s grin of maniac laughter. Whatever the object was, it took no notice of him or his sleeping companion and continued on around the spur to where the mobile units were now leaving. 
Brine knelt and took a fistful of Godfry’s robes. The old man never moved.
 On the south side of the jut, there was another hawk-shriek of pain, only this one didn’t end. It went on and on as the shouting rose and the bowstrings twanged, continuing on even as the shouting receded and the sound of fleeing boot heels rose to fill the void. 
The Lathians were coming towards him, coming around the north side of the spur and those who still could were screaming, “I’s comin round! I’s comin round!”
Brine already knew this. He knew because he’d remembered that poomp-poomp-poomp from when the hissing-thing had snuck upon them, claws up and steps light. 
“Get in the cave!”  
That was the unmistakable roar of Adose, the dark shape that Brine now saw rounding the spur and sprinting for the cavern, this time not even bothering to look for the Lathian adviser, let alone consult him. 
As it were, Brine heard nothing from the Vultureman as the command broke the air. He could hear the footfalls of desperate men thundering around the rock and bolting for the cave, but no one ordered them to stop. 
That means it’s open! Brine thought. It’s WIDE open!
“Godfry! Godfry, get up!” 
Not waiting for the old man to comply, he began dragging him towards the spur. Ahead of them, more dark, fleeting shapes were merging with the darker outline of the jut, their footfalls turning to echoes as they entered the cave that Brine could not see, Ardose being one of them. 
Brine heard the redhead yelling at his men while his voice receded to a hollow wisp. He heard another man, his voice reverberating from inside, yelling at the others to get The Pit out of the way or he’d leave them bleeding in the sand. 
Listening to this, it occurred to Brine that he and Godfry were being left behind, that this group of men who’d wanted them so badly the night before (scouring the clearing, screaming at the boles) were going to leave them to the thing with the lunatic smile and the slippery black skin. 
Panting harshly, stumbling badly, Brine drove his feet into the sand and screamed at Godfry to help him. Ahead of him, he heard the voices of his captors turning hollow as the last of them scurried through the entrance. 
We’re going to make it, we’re going to make it, we’re going to… 
At his heels, a human plow in the poop and sand, Godfry was saying something about his stick, then his book. Brine ignored him. He no longer cared what the old man had to say and he no longer cared if he made it to his feet. 
Considering the trouble the old man had with his knees and back, Brine didn’t have time for him to make it to his feet. He was fairly certain he and Godfry were the only ones left in the clearing. 
Oh, God! God, please! Please, let us make it! Please let us! 
He lowered the arm with the monocle and leaned into his strides. He and Godfry might be the only people in the clearing, but he knew better than to believe they were alone. The hissing-thing was out here somewhere, possibly bearing down on him even now, its pawfalls concealed by the thump of his jackrabbit heart, its hissing covered by the rasp of his howling lungs.
Godfry was now wide awake and yammering on about going back for something he’d dropped. Brine was sure it was either his walking stick or his slipper, but he didn’t care. He didn’t care if it was one of his arms, he wasn’t go—
He hit the spur and ricocheted back, landing with an undignified grunt beside his teacher. He scrambled to his feet, oblivious of the monocle he’d dropped or the wind he’d lost, and just soldiered on, one hand dragging Godfry, the other patting at the darkness. 
 When his patting hand felt stone, he followed it to the right, hoping that was the direction of the cave, but knowing he could be wrong. After striking the wall, he’d lost all sense of bearings as well as the Lathian’s voices. He thought he’d fallen back and to the left, placing the opening to his right, but if he were wrong and he and Godfry were circling away from the entrance and into the clearing…
The rough face of basalt fell away and empty space licked his fingers. He leaned forward, hauled the recalcitrant burden after him, and stopped only when he felt several sets of burly shoulders. He tried to increase his distance from the entrance by moving around the shoulders, but found even more shoulders, and then a rock wall. 
He gave up and dragged Godfry next to him, dropping the old man’s arm and curling into a ball in the sand. He refused to raise his head, but he could hear the bole-beast as it paced before the entrance, its grinning white face poomping back and forth.



Chapter 43

For a few awful moments, Mums felt helpless to do anything but stare at the dark outline of the window, and listen. On the floor to one side, Reetsle sat with his wet stone frozen on the axe and his head craned up at the vines. Behind and to the right, Iman’s incessant tapping had ceased and Mums imagined him standing with one hand on the wall, one on his sword, and both eyes twisted to the window.
Outside, fluid sloshed wearily against the buildings like dock waves lapping at a harbor, and beneath that the delicate droplets of spill water falling from awnings and limbs—plink…plink… plink—and beneath that the unnatural silence of the Dell, which in its own way seemed the loudest noise of all. 
Scanning the swamp with her ears, Mums tried to imagine the source of the eruption. She hadn’t heard a plunk or a plop as something heavy dropped into the water, and there hadn’t been a whap as something long and flat had fallen from a great height. It had been a genuine eruption, the sound of something down below tearing loose of the mire and surging to the surface. 
Whatever it had been, it was now gone. It had slithered back down to the cold and the dark of the bog and left behind the sleepy slooshing and the brittle plinking and the sound of silence so rich and sweet. 
Mums thought there was something missing in that silence, some white noise she had been tuning out until now. She closed her eyes and pondered the missing sound—the waves outside growing faint, the quiet in the room growing loud—and then it hit her. 
She glanced down and cocked an ear to the floor, trying very hard to hear the thumping from below. Reetsle, who must have caught sight of her movement and deciphered her purpose, crawled to his feet and crept for the window. Moving close on his heels, Iman flanked the moldering sill on the other side. 
Unable to hear anything in the watery rooms below, Mums turned to face her companions. Reetsle was climbing atop his stool and Iman was sticking a finger through the vines. Both of them were peeking outside in the direction of the crawler.
Mums felt herself moving towards the window, not because she wanted to see, but because she needed to see. She needed to see what wasn’t down there or she wouldn’t sleep a wink. She’d sit up all night and stare at the darkness, driving herself mad with the what-ifs and what-mights. 
Stopping beside the captain, she made a break in the vines and peaked outside, scanning the area to the left where she’d last seen the crawler. A myriad of dark shapes and shadows stared back at her, but none resembling her quarry.  
Groaning with frustration, Reetsle leaned out the window a little further and said, “Yeh see it over there?” 
“I don’t,” Iman said, moving his ear to the gap and pausing to listen. “I don’t hear it either.”  
“Yeh think that flyer come back fer it?” Reetsle asked. “Splashed down like it done before, then made off with its buddy?”  
Mums thought to correct him—to point out the distinct absence of a plop, or a whap, as the source of the disruption moved from water to air and not from air to water—but for some reason she couldn’t speak; She could only back away from the window, and tremble softly. 
Moving his eye to the gap, Iman said, “We’d have heard its wings, wouldn’t we? All the wind?” He gave his head an imperceptible shake. “I didn’t hear a thing.”
Mums took another step back.
“Well, I cain’t hear it,” Reetsle announced, cocking his head over his shoulder. “Hey, Mums. You hear anything?” 
Taking another step back, Mums felt her stomach lurch at the question, or at the answer to the question. It was one thing to know there was nothing out there (to see nothing, or to hear nothing), but to actually give voice to that factuality…Well, that would be like letting loose the nightmares from your head.
Reetsle said, “Nothin, huh,” then turned back to the window. 
“Do you think it left?” Iman asked, shoving his head through the vines and panning it back and forth. Before Reetsle could answer, he said, “It couldn’t have left. We’d have heard it moving through the trees.” He folded his arms and placed a hand to his chin, one shadowy finger tapping at his lips. 
Mums stared at the flickering blackness created by the captain’s finger…and felt the wet of the wall press against her back.
“You sayin it’s playin coy with us?” Reetsle asked, speaking in a tone of voice that implied he did not completely agree with the captain. “You think it’s tryin to lure us?”
“No,” Iman said, finger still tapping. “We can go down and look,” he said, nodding in the direction of the sitting room, “but I doubt it. That thing’s a bruiser, not a stalk—”
“Le’s do it.” 
Iman stopped tapping his finger and stared down at the halfling, staring at him as though his words were the magic key for which the captain had been waiting. 
Don’t do it, Mums thought, wishing her mouth worked so she could talk the good captain off the ledge. Reetlse’s been waiting for this ever since I yanked him from the grass and threw him on his horse, but you, Iman Dear, you have more sense than this… 
As if to validate her supposition, Reetsle descended his stool and hobbled to the hallway door, pausing there long enough to say, “Yeh cain’t hear it. Yeh cain’t see it. Yeh doan’ reckon it’s hidin…,” the glow stone sat on the dresser and tinted him a sickly shade of green, “…I say we go see what’s what.”  
Iman swung his head from Reetsle to the glow stone, his black form hesitating as he appeared to weigh the pros and cons of this action. When the weighing was over, he turned back to the halfling in the hall. 
“And if it’s gone,” he said, “you’re thinking of leaving, like tonight?”
The halfling shrugged at the blackness of the corridor. “Maybe,” he said. 
Iman turned back to the thing that was not a melon, studied it like the disciples of Valley Rock might study a holy relic, and straightened himself to full height. 
“Let’s have a look,” he said, and strode across the bedroom, stopping at the door as though he’d just remembered something. He made a glance at the representative from Igus standing in the shadows. “You coming, Mums?” 
Mums listened as Reetsle chuffed derisively from the hall (he knew better than to ask) and shook her shaggy head. 
“Okay, then,” Iman said. “We’ll be back.” 
He disappeared out the door and followed the halfling. Mums felt her knees buckle and her back sliding along the wall. 
No, she thought, you won’t. 
She slumped to the floor and pointed her head at the floor, staring at the darkness and listening to her companions. 
In the hallway outside, the squeak of the floorboards was like the shriek of small children. In the stairwell beyond, the tromping of their boots sounded like the knocking of the crawler. And in the flooded foyer below, the swoosh of their movement was little more than a murmur in the night. 
She listened to those ghostly movements as the pair investigated the sitting room. They found it empty—as she could have told them—and were back inside the foyer in no time, sliding the crossbar out of the way and pulling the door through the shin-deep water. 
The splashing stopped…the ripples ebbed against the walls.
From outside the vine-strewn window, came the distinctive, …plink…
Mums lifted her head and listened, watching in her mind’s eye as her companions peered outside and searched for the crawler, hunting the dripping blackness for the place of its hiding or the proof of its demise. For them, there could be no believing without seeing.
One of them planted a foot outside, probably the halfling if she were to guess. Remembering the intense way in which he held his axe, she imagined he would want to be first. 
Should I go? she wondered, her mind a mixture of apprehension and guilt. Should I go and try to talk sense to them? Or drag them back and stuff them in the wardrobe? I could do that easily enough: Overpower them in the street, drag them up the stairs. Not the most pleasant of nights, but I could do it.
Another hesitant foot landed in the bog, this one slightly heavier. 
Mums slid herself up the wall and decided against an intervention, not because she didn’t feel like muscling the boys under, but because she didn’t feel like setting foot in the dark waters at the foot of the stairs. For some inexplicable reason, the idea of breaking the surface of those waters chilled her to the bone. 
She moved to the window and parted the vines with a finger. She couldn’t see the captain or halfling, but she could hear them. Human ears would have heard only the sibilant sounds of scratching, and halfling ears wouldn’t have heard even that, but her ears detected every whispered word. 
She heard Iman making various arguments for leaving the Dell, heard Reetsle warning him to keep his mouth shut, heard Iman promising to keep his mouth shut—promising so much, in fact, that Reetsle had to threaten him again—and then she could see them. 
Reetsle crept from beneath the porch with his axe at the ready and his helmet ever-turning. Iman followed a stride or two behind, his head and sword high, his gaze traveling in no discernible pattern. 
The blind leading the blind, she thought, lifting her gaze to Elnor and studying its dark doorways and screaming windows. 
Three houses to the right, movement caught her eye and she brought her eyes to bear on the disturbance. By the time she looked, the entryway had gone still and she caulked it up to an overactive imagination. 
She returned her attention to the yards and alleyways and told herself that if there were boggen out there, they were creatures of the wild and would, therefore, favor the waters of the swamp to the ruins of the colony. 
She swept her eyes across the pockets of street-weeds and sidewalk cattails, hunting them for lurking figures and beady eyes and finding nothing but gloom. She moved a block to the right, passed a whole intersection of blanketing lily pads, and studied an old wagon leaning in the street. When nothing peaked around the side or over the top, she continued down the street and spied the legs of an overturned table jutting up from the water and something that could have been a log floating in an alley. 
At the sound of whispering, she turned back to her companions, located them half-a-block away, and saw Reetsle gesturing to the colony limits. He was explaining that the cause of the disturbance had obviously retreated deeper into the bog and that they would have to leave the colony to continue the search. 
Iman said he couldn’t agree more, but wanted to retrieve Mums and the glow-stone first, advocating that they might be able to see by the light of the rock and alluding to the fact that, if indeed the way were clear, they could keep moving east without returning for the titan. 
Reetsle seemed to consider this as he turned to the black wall of the east (listening as Iman reminded him that the bog beneath those boughs would be darker than the streets of Elnor and, thus, their need for the glow stone greater by comparison), but in the end the halfling only shook his head and told the captain it was a huge waste of time. 
“Mumsy ain’t leavin that bedroom ‘til sunup,” he said. “No way, no how,” and then he vanished in a geyser of gray water.
In the window of the mansion, Mums’ went cold with shock. 
Across the street, and in front of the first row of homes, Iman was staggering back from the blast with both arms pin-wheeling. The halfling, however, was gone, vanished from sight like a puff of— 
No! No, there he was. He was stumbling back as well, nearly falling over from the muck at his heels and the weight of his axe, but he was still on his feet. Neither of them was making an effort to turn from the spray and sprint for the mansion, but they were on their feet and they were backpedaling, and when movement from the airborne drizzle finally drew Mums’ gaze, she saw why.
As it came capering out of the shower, both stick-like arms gouging at her companions, Mums thought it was a piece of drift wood flipped up by the attacker. On second glance, though, she saw it was the attacker. With a body of knotted vines and the face of gnarled branch, it fought like no vegetation she had ever seen, and for one horrible instant she was sure its sharpened pokers would skewer the halfling’s face. 
Before it could, Reetsle found his balance and laid her fears to rest. He planted a foot behind him, brought Old Friendly overhead, and split the creature in two jagged halves. They fell over in the street and bobbed in the water…water that now churned with unspeakable life.
“Get—Get out of there!” Mums screamed, her fingers sinking through the sill. 
Across the street, something like a drowned rat had stomped out of a geyser to the right and the halfling was spinning to intercept. On the left, the captain had his hands full with something that resembled no animal Mums had ever seen, something donning both feathers and scales and a greasy black tail. 
She watched Iman thrust his sword through his attacker’s middle, ducking the clawed wing that came lancing for his head, and then he was ducking the enormous axe head that came singing from behind. The halfling, caught in his element, was paying no mind to where he was or what he was doing, his weapon flashing in the night and causing Iman to fall away, his sword raised in defense and his attention finally drawn to the titan’s beseeching cries. 
He jerked his head to the manor window and Mums screamed, “The door, Iman! Get to the door!” 
Iman whirled for the halfling and went sifting through the bodies. On his left, something like a squid with legs flopped towards him and on his right something like a frog-headed lizard (huge, buttery eyes blinking circles in the night) stepped through a thicket of cattails. 
In one fluid movement, Iman sliced a handful of tentacles from the squid, sidestepped the lizard-frog, and grabbed the halfling by the collar. Even from a block away, Mums heard Reetsle’s gagging yelp as he was pulled backwards. Iman, however, never slowed, not as the lizard-frog had another go and not as Reetsle tore at the good captain’s fingers. 
Without a deviation in his stride, Iman pierced the frog-thing through one runny eye and gave Reetsle a thorough shaking, the boggen falling with a twitch and the halfling making a gasp for air. The captain, picking up the pace, sprinted back from the squirming wall of bodies. 
It was then that time in the bog slowed down and Mums could almost see the captain’s mind at work, could almost see the instant he realized the enemy was too great (and too close) and that he had no chance to flee. 
As she watched, Iman hefted the advisor in the direction of the mansion and turned to face the advancing hordes. Mums was screaming at him to keep moving towards the door, but Iman Janusery either wasn’t listening or he couldn’t hear, and with the waters erupting all around, it was probably a little of both. 
Mums drew another breath, prepared to scream at him a second time…then stopped as she realized the captain was actually holding his own against the dripping foe. His sword was like a steel dervish as it sliced through the creatures, cutting them down like a scythe through dead wheat, and she couldn’t help but wonder how he might fare had he any assistance from the halfling. 
She scanned the black water between the captain and the manor and found Reetlse a few paces behind, jumping up and down beside a mound of dirt and hollering into the tumult for the captain to save him. She couldn’t hear his every word—not with the cascading mayhem of the bog a few paces away—but she thought she heard the words mud and arm.
She directed her gaze accordingly and saw a row of fangs set in the oozing peak of the mud pillar. It was trying to sink them into the halfling’s head as Reetlse ducked and dodged and slapped the maw to either side. She drew her eyes to the arm the halfling wasn’t using and found it buried in the muck-creature’s midsection.
“His arm! Iman, his arm’s stuck!” 
She didn’t know if Iman heard, but he seemed to know in any event. Making token slashes at the closing attackers, he grabbed the halfling by the belt loops, lowered his shoulder, and gave a mighty heave. Reetsle convulsed with the force, but his arm remained fixed. 
Iman yanked a few more times, saw he was getting nowhere fast, and began attacking the pillar instead. He sliced a large chunk from the side of the muddy column and it continued its assault. Slivers of the mud-monster’s body dropped into the swamp, but on it went, chomping ravenously at its prey even as the waters of the Dell came roiling up to the back of the captain’s heels. 
Mums heard Reetlse scream, “Get it off, Get it off,” heard the captain panting for breath as he split his time between hacking down the pillar and parrying at the creatures, and then she heard only the groaning of floorboards as she lumbered from the room. 
Outside in the hall, it was more of the same, but once she reached the stairwell, there was no creaking at all. She leapt down the stairwell in the perfect imitation of a creature much smaller than a titan, landing in the ground water with a magnificent splash and paying no mind to the biting cold at her legs. 
 She charged through the foyer and was in the yard in moments, pressing into the monstrosities that converged upon her friends. One of them reached for her and she swatted it with her club, watching as it sailed out of sight like a bug. The others, undeterred by this violent display, came at her en masse and she gave them a taste of cudgel in much the same way, sending them flying through the air or skipping along the water. 
Ahead of her, Reetsle was still fending off the muck-monster, but Iman now had his back to them and was yanking on his weapon, fighting with a tentacle that had coiled around the blade all the way to the handle. 
Iman never saw the titan as she tucked her club beneath her arm, grabbed him and his partner by the upper arm, and jerked them both towards the manor, jerking so hard that teeth clicked, joints popped, and both of them came shooting free of their attackers, Reetsle from the mire and Iman from the tentacle.  
A few of the creatures limped back into Mums’ path as she splashed for the front door and she ran them over, kicking one or two out of the way as she slipped inside the manor and dropped her cargo in the water. 
Retrieving her club from beneath her arm, she cried down at Iman, who appeared to be the more coherent of the two, “The Door,” and then she went to work on the arms and feelers that were foolish enough to stick themselves inside, smashing them to pulp and splinters. 
In the corner of her eye, she saw Iman crawl to his feet, grab the door with both hands, and slam it against the myriad of tentacles and limbs reaching through. When the intruders did not budge, he slammed it again, but this time, like a tidal wave of bodies, the creatures threw him back against the wall.
“Again!” Mums screamed, swinging her cudgel into the thick of the mix, catching glimpses of Reetsle now at her side, chopping with his axe at whatever she failed to smash with her club. The captain pressed the door shut again, and again the door closed on so much slime and scales, recoiling sharply, and bouncing him off the wall like a scarecrow. 
Mums opened her mouth to yell for him to try a third time and saw something huge coming out of the swamp. She stopped, had time to think, This is it, this is what took the crawler, and the colonist, and now it’s come for us, then the other feelers and arms retracted from the door, and the master tentacle (as thick as her upper thigh) lanced into the foyer, snaked around her waist, and hoisted her into the air. 
She felt the water leave her feet, felt the disorientation of being shaken like a leaf, and then the tentacle was recoiling for the bog. She shot her arm and legs out, went spread-eagle in the entryway, and caught the door jam with the bones in her wrists and ankles. The tentacle shook with violent tension, flailed from ceiling to floor and from wall to wall, and tried a second time to dislodge her from the manor. 
Mums tried to keep her limbs rigid as best she could, felt her wrists and ankles bang off the door frame once again, and this time she was aware of her midsection sinking a little further into the night. After that, she knew only the dizziness of the spinning room and the numb blows about her head and body, aware that she was slowly losing consciousness and soon would be unable to catch hold of the frame. 
 The thing on the other end of the tentacle must have felt this as well and commenced to beat her about the foyer a third and final time. As it created slack to do so, the good captain lunged forward with his sword and hacked the tentacle like a bleeding branch of wood. After only a few powerful blows, the tentacle trembled grotesquely, dropped Mums to the floor, and retracted through the door.
Mums hit the water and began kicking with her legs, feeble gestures that made more waves than anything else, but she was moving away from the door and she knew that was important. She knew her legs and body needed to be clear of the entryway so Iman could close it. Otherwise, when the thing on the other end of the tentacle stopped licking its wounds and came back, the passage would lay open. 
She heard whoosh of the door against the ground water, the scrape of the crossbar in its brackets, and she allowed herself to go still, the sound of Reetsle’s voice the only sound in the foyer. 
“Jan…Janu’ery,” he said, his voice a stranger in her ears.
“Yeah…,” Iman gasped, lying further away. 
“Janu’ery, yeh gota help me…get’er up.”
Still panting like a dog, Iman managed a winded, “…catch my breath?” 
“Nah…,” Reetsle said, “…she’s bleedin all over.” 
And then, as if the eerie stillness of the Dell were leaking inside foyer, Mums heard no sounds at all.



The further adventures of Jaysh and Brine will continue in the third and final installment:

Jashandar’s Wake - Book Three: Jashandar’s Wake



About The Author

L. S. Kyles lives in the North Central Midwest with his wife and children. He is approaching middle age and enjoys jogging and gardening and reading as much fantasy and horror as is humanly possible. With experience in public education and community counseling, the author thoroughly enjoys all religious and existential issues related to achieving peace and harmony in the human condition. If you would like to contact the author, you may do so at lanekyles@gmail.com .

Connect with Me Online:

Facebook
