













Frankie & Formaldehyde
a zombie romance by 
m. jones




© copyright M. Jones, 2010. All rights reserved.
First electronic edition.
Published by: BLOODLETTERS INK

This is a work of fiction. There is no resemblance to anyone living or dead, and any such resemblance is purely coincidental. This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. For more stories and works published by M. Jones please visit: http://bloodlettersink.com
REVIEWS OF M. JONES

314 Crescent Manor:
“...A refreshingly eerie serial that gets stronger with every episode. Definitely one to read. “ A. M. Harte, author of Above Ground

“I’ve been a fan of Jones’ writing for a few years now. Her work is full of black comedy, suspense, memorable characters, and palpable atmosphere. 314 Crescent Manor is no exception.” Nancy Bauer, author of Strange Little Band

“Every character introduced, right from the main characters in Mark and Nathan, is interesting to learn about. Even the location itself can be called a character in this adventure.” Tim Holtorf, author of Black Mask & Pale Rider

Black Wreath:
“This is a compelling and intriguing tale of murder, money-grubbing, and deceit, where nothing is as it seems and the world is full of shades of grey. “ A. M. Harte, author of Hungry For You

For more of M. Jones work, visit BLOODLETTERSINK.COM













There's nothing certain in a man's life except this:  That he must lose it.  ~Aeschylus, Agamemnon
CHAPTER ONE: The Call

“Hello? Hello?” 
He paused, just long enough for his heart to beat twice. He had just woken from a beautiful dream of summer, his cheek pressed against cool, soft green grass while a hot breeze blew over him. With bleary memory his heart slugged out a slow, lobbing movement that told of long afternoons and greasy hotdogs. 
He coughed over his indigestion. 
“Hello? Ma'am? You in some kind of trouble?”
He tensed at the silence that greeted him, wondering if it was a live human being on the other end of the line or simply another rogue. It wasn't unheard of for them to play around with the telephone while the remainder of their victims lay partially consumed and bloodily twitching on the floor. Chuck narrowed his already small eyes as he detected the faintest catch of breath, a sign that whoever was on the other end was still breathing and thus wasn't one of the random undead. 
“If you're reporting an incident, you have to follow the proper procedures.” He didn't feel helpful, and instead hoped he conveyed a certain level of accusation in his voice that wasn't unfounded. Rogues didn't just randomly show up on their own, there was always some kind of family intervention that brought them into creation. Black market Osmosis 37 enzymes were becoming a real problem, and he was tired of cleaning up the mess they created. He could just imagine what was in store for him at the other end of this line, and he impatiently checked his watch. Seven o'clock in the evening. Just past his dinner hour, which he'd been foolish enough to sleep through. He'd have to spend the rest of the midnight onward shift hungry. 
“Board up your windows, put the heavy furniture near the entrances. Get into your basement along with any remaining family members--that's right, remaining--and break the glass on your section #41 issued flame thrower. I'm sure if you're like the rest of us you've got a couple of automatic rifles underneath your bed. Do you have drywall in your basement? If you do, that's good, but don't go firing bullets if it's all concrete or stone and especially not if it's those steel drum panic room types. The bullets will ping around all over the place and it's unlikely they'll find their target.”
There was a pensive silence at this and before Chuck could offer up any more of his invaluable service and advice, the phone clicked softly. A dial tone droned in his ear.
“Shit,” he muttered, and put down the receiver.
The silence always bothered him most. Ever since he'd been appointed Sheriff Inspector of Rogues (that's S.I.R. to civilians) and hauled out of his cozy, very enjoyable retirement, his days had been one long fest after another. Gone were those dreams of lazy, late mornings and weekdays spent fishing, a big bass tugging on his line. The odd poker game with his cronies swapping stories from when they were on the beat solving murders and putting away bad guys over felt part of a past he never got to properly experience. No sir, now life for S.I.R. Chuck Dickerson was one long shift that never ended, never got properly paid and never gave him a vacation.
The phone rang. Sighing, Chuck answered it, the receiver held away from his ear to protect himself from the ear splitting screams. Awful though it was, it was a hell of a lot better than silence. At least he knew whoever was freaking out on the other end was still alive and maybe had a beating heart, even if that fact wasn't for long. “If he's at your front door, Ma'am, all you got to do is barricade it with the couch and turn on the porch light. They aren't rocket scientists, the light will confuse them plenty. I don't care if he is your grandfather, just do what I'm telling you. Gather up what's left of your family and get into your basement. Get your section #41 issued flame thrower and...Well, it's regulation, Ma'am. If you don't have one it's a seven hundred and sixty-seven dollar fine. It doesn't matter if you have a ten year old boy who is unnaturally fascinated with it, those firearms are required to be at the ready for a reason.” 
He sighed and slipped on his jacket, one constructed with chain-mail and extra padding to hinder bites. It was a homemade barricade and not all that effective, but it managed to keep him safe enough to continue being employed. There were holes in the shoulders, where a particularly aggressive rogue managed to get a tooth or two through the tightly woven metal. “I'll be there as soon as I can.”
He hung up on the woman's hysterical screaming, sending his office into an eerie quiet. He took a quick bite of a stale doughnut that had been sitting on a pile of papers on his desk since yesterday morning. Another busy start to the night, and no doubt a sign of what was to come by morning. It was a twenty-four hour business, full of beings that existed in perpetual hunger and insomnia. So much for the whole eternal rest crap. Who knew the dead would become so damned fidgety?

***

Frankie hung up the phone and glanced over at her husband, George, who was sitting on the couch in the living room, watching the news. His expression was one of bored contentment, as per usual. She felt a pang of guilt over what she had nearly done, but she wouldn't dare tell George what was troubling her. Lord knew, the poor man obviously had enough troubles of his own.
“It's going to be another hot one today,” she observed, the happy face of a bright sun lighting up the weather report. “That was Shirley, calling me to let me know I'll need to start an hour earlier tomorrow. I wanted to say no, but, you know how things are, any amount we can scrounge up is worth is." She fiddled with a dial on the wall leading into the kitchen. "I'll have to put the air conditioner up full blast again.”
Her hands felt sweaty in the pink rubber cleaning gloves she wore, the water hot as she dipped her covered hands into the soapy, bubbling concoction of bleach and antibacterial soap in the bucket, her hand searching out a cleaning rag. She slapped the cloth onto the kitchen counter-top, her tired arms going over the sink and the kitchen cabinets yet again. The four hepa air filters in the living room scrubbed the air while Frankie took it upon herself to make sure every physical surface around them had her own antiseptic stamp upon it. She'd been up and scrubbing since five am and she had only half an hour left to get the floors properly bleached and the windows streaked clean with ammonia. George was quiet, as he always was, never a bother at all. She glanced over at him with kind affection, and finally pulled off her pink rubber gloves, tossing them in the sink as she headed to the refrigerator to make him a proper breakfast.
“I got the good bacon, the kind in maple syrup,” she announced to him. “Cost me a fortune, and I had to put it on our charge account, but I imagine it's worth it.” With a quick, but thorough, swipe of her dishcloth she spread a thin layer of bleach over the sink and along the underside of the cupboards. The raw bacon she had taken out was placed carefully onto a spotlessly clean, steaming plate taken fresh from the dishwasher. 
It was imperative that her home remain free of impurities, she knew, but even though she had been scouring since before the sun had crawled out of its bed in sleepy cheerfulness there was still the sense that those invisible microbes were making their way in. Beneath the scent of bleach and ammonia, a mixture of caustic chemicals that burned her throat as she made a cup of coffee, there was that unmistakable sour smell she had long associated with her workplace. It felt like it was following her home, like a demon attached to a host, one so diabolical in its clinging that no known exorcism rite could shake it off. Disturbed by this, she emptied the rest of the raw bacon onto the plate and placed it at George's usual spot at the dinner table. 
An anxious glance at the clock above her refrigerator told her she had fifteen minutes to spare before she had to head out of the house for her shift at work.
She was so tired. Everyone was these days. In the land of the dead, drudgery reigned. No retirement for her and George, not for any of their unlucky generation. They had a wonderful three years of happy, restful quiet before she had to go back to work, a fact that had made George bitter and angry most of the time. He didn't fly into indignant rages now, which was maybe a good thing, but she missed his passion. There was nothing of that left now, and instead she moved through each day like a person only half alive, her tired, worn body aching with the strain of the unfair burdens placed upon it.
She hung her apron on the hook next to the fridge. After a quick check to make sure all the doors were properly locked, she carefully walked up to her husband, knowing well that sharp, abrupt movements could be dangerous. She gave him a tentative, partially disgusted kiss on the top of his forehead and waited for the response. There was none. So far, George remained his usual self, staring at the TV, getting sound-bytes of news and pretty much ignoring the universe that had grown so ugly around him. He wasn't showing any of the symptoms of being dangerous that she herself witnessed daily at work. Perhaps the experts were wrong. Or lying. It wouldn't be the first time.
“I'll try to be home by five,” she assured him, though she wasn't confident that time had any meaning for George any more. “I won't take on extra hours, no matter how much Shirley pleads.”
George scratched at his ear.
Half of it fell off against the back of the couch.
She picked it up carefully with a clean paper towel and discarded it in the kitchen wastebasket. She'd done all she could, but no human being can keep up with what nature intends. Regardless of how much she kept the bacteria at bay, they were still there, whittling away at her George. With tears in her eyes, Frankie made sure to bolt the side door three times, checking with her hip to see that it couldn't be bodychecked open. He was locked in good and proper by the look of it. She needn't worry about a thing.

CHAPTER TWO: The Happy Restful Afterlife Home

Frankie sighed over her noodles as steam wafted up from them, her appetite effectively quashed. A foul stench coalesced with the broth into a putrid miasma of soured blood thanks to the close proximity of her co-worker, Shirley, and her stained uniform. Shirley took another large bite of her BBQ tofu meatball sandwich, watery sauce dripping onto her already red-streaked apron. 
“I don't know how you survive, eating what little you do,” Shirley boomed. Shirley was a large woman, with an equally large voice. There were rumours she had an adam's apple, but these were spawned by prejudice against a woman with a strong will and a cymbal for a voice box, one that clanged with an attention grabbing explosion at every opportunity. She finished her sandwich in two gulps, as if to illustrate her point. “Little birds get eaten by fat cats, that's what they say.”
With her massive arms and wide neck and towering height of nearly six feet, Shirley was more rottweiler than feline, complete with a drool line of hickory flavoured BBQ sauce, which she wiped off her chin with the back of her meaty hand. “Can you believe they are increasing our hours again? Greedy assholes.”
Frankie paused over her uneaten noodles, the chicken broth growing a skin. More hours? They did almost sixty hours a week as it was and it was killing her. She couldn't do more than that, not with George at home...Being the way he was.
“I can't do it,” Frankie quietly said.
“I know what you mean honey. If I could afford it, I'd quit this place in a heartbeat. This place eats people, good, hard working stiffs like us. That damn Head Office grinds us into mince and feeds us to into the goddamned arena every damned day and twice on Sunday.” She shook her head, a righteous fury building within her as she looked on Frankie. “Breaks my heart, it do. Here you are, what, sixty-seven? Maybe even older? You supposed to be done your time working, you and George. What did any of this godforsaken business get you but a quick yank back to where you don't belong. What did you get, three years?”
“Something like that,” Frankie softly replied.
“Three years of retired bliss before you found your sad ass here.”
“I have to work, Shirley,” Frankie reminded her. “I told you, George and I are going to lose the house if we don't pay the afterlife tax due on it.”
“You know as well as I do that house is paid for ten times over. If you ask me, that bank manager is pulling a fast one, and you wouldn't be the only ones caught in his schemes. You know Martha? Does the night shift? She lost her condo thanks to some 'mortuary premium tax' she supposedly needed to pay. Nothing like that in her mortgage, but that bastard seems to think there's a clause there, even if it was made up well before the whole Osmosis thing was invented. You don't need to tell me it's all a scam, he's laughing his ass off in that locked office of his.”
“He's got all the proof that we own it,” Frankie said, a familiar feeling of hopelessness taking her over. “He's hidden away the mortgage agreement and I know he's making it up as he goes along. We've tried calling the police, but they weren't interested. Fraud isn't enough of a crime these days, they said. He's holding our house hostage and there's nothing we can do about it.” Frankie's spoon settled into her soup, and she pushed the bowl away. "He's forcing us into the city. We can't afford to live there, not with George the way he is, needing his wheelchair and with the cost of his heart medication. My own health isn't what it once was. We can't work in the city, the pace is just too fast, and everything there is so expensive. I never thought it would come to this--I've never wanted to be anywhere but here, in New Hope, until the day I died."
Shirley stewed as she listened to Frankie, her girth spilling over the small plastic chair in the staff room, her legs braced for any sign of war. “Greedy assholes,” she muttered. She took a deep breath, and Frankie braced herself. Shirley was about to let loose one of those most terrible of thunders: Her Opinion.
But there was no time for a loud, booming Shirley tirade. Larry barrelled into the staff room, a torn nylon fishing net in his hand, a cattle prod in the other, its tip blinking red and stinking of freshly seared, rotted flesh. Without a word he sank against the door, and crouched there for a few minutes in an effort to catch his breath. “Mr. Crone just about got me,” he said, in between gasping for air in both fear and relief. He balanced the still live cattle prod in his hand. “If it weren't for this and the good ten whacks I gave him I'd be a goner for sure. You'd be spending an extra hour after work mopping me up.”
“You could mop up your own ass,” Shirley said, sizing him up. “Besides, you're too skinny to take an hour. Fifteen minutes clean-up, tops.”
“There's a more serious problem here.” He tapped the side of his head with his forefinger. “This side of Mr. Crone's cranium is all mashed in. His left eye is just about ready to fall off his cheek.”
Shirley cursed. “Just when you thought a day couldn't get better. Thanks for nothing, Larry.”
“Come on, Shirl, what was I supposed to do? He broke free of the arena and tried to rip my damned head off. Unlike Mr. Crone, whatever the hell he is, mine can't get sewn back on.”
“Don't know why we'd even bother since you don't use it anyhow.” Shirley heaved her large, muscular bulk out of her chair. “Guess I got to make a phone call. Mrs. Crone's going to be pissed.”

***

The Happy Restful Afterlife Home is anything but what its name suggests. The residents—and the term was used loosely—weren't exactly the type of people who could wile away their golden years watching Barney Miller reruns and contemplating purchasing items from the Shopping Channel. There were no libraries full of Reader's Digest condensed books in hardcover editions, no Scrabble boards, no Bingo, not even the occasional 1400 piece puzzle. 
These residents never slept, they always had an air of suffering about them that wasn't caused by boredom but by a strange, almost psychic sense of being wronged. They seemed to be in great pain, if all that moaning meant anything, but it was difficult to discern if they ever did feel emotions. Certainly, they ripped into a dead cow with a remarkable enthusiasm that was rarely seen in human beings, and if fully digesting an adult bovine within five minutes was a form of happiness, then these beings were ecstatic.
Most of the people working at the Happy Restful weren't doctors or nurses before the Osmosis 37 enzyme was developed and made commercially available to the public. The people in those professions, along with morticians and funeral directors, were the first to go. Shirley used to be a butcher before she got work here, and Larry had spent his productive days at the local meat processing plant in the factory up the street from her. Frankie had worked as a full-time cashier at Wal-Mart for twenty years, which was in its own way a kind of human meat grinder, full of odds and ends of grumbling need. She'd never run into any rogue reanimates during her time there, because in those days such monsters simply didn't exist. She'd never thought her time working cash at Wal-Mart would have been remembered as the good old days. 
She'd been retired for three years before the Osmosis 37 enzyme had been unleashed on the world.
Shirley was the one who was all too happy to talk about her first run-in with a rogue. They all had stories now, but Shirley took a special delight in it, as though it were a badge of honour displaying how ballsy she was. “Car crash,” Shirley would say, her words sliding over her big, white teeth. “Walked out from underneath that crunched up car with most of his face missing and his right hand mashed up to a pulp and flattened out like a big pita bread. Pedestrian versus Hummer, that's what the cop said. Before that poor soul got up and started walking they were getting ready to scoop him off the road with a spatula. He walked pretty close to me, he did, and I could see his lips moving, wrong place though they were. Do you know how weird it is, seeing someone's lips moving across their mashed up forehead?”
Frankie shuddered at the memory of Shirley's voice, the mixture of secretive glee within it making her sick. It had all been a horrible awakening. While the initial outbreak was contained within a month, the invention of Osmosis 37 had left a terrible legacy for those left living. Appetites couldn't be appeased no matter how many pounds of raw meat was fed to the hungry hordes of the Happy Restful arena. Most of it was beef in origin, but Frankie wasn't so naive to believe this was the only meat rendered. When a blue light lit over the twitching remains of some body too far gone to repair, they were ground up and fed to their fellow groaners. A cycle that was a strange, oblong circle of death.
As always, it was a pain getting into the blue rubber suit, and it pinched against her thighs in all sorts of unpleasant ways. The dinner hour was fast approaching and they had to get to the upper floor of the arena fast. It was hard work, carting all those slabs up meat up to the second floor, but it was the only safe place Frankie could be sure of. Larry had taken the risk, tossing meat over the rails on the main floor, an effort she'd never make herself. More than once one of the hungry hordes had broken the gate and tore into a co-worker, sometimes fatally. At least up on the balcony you had a running start if you saw them heading your way.
The dirt floor of the arena was stained a dark brown thanks to the blood and rot that spilled on it daily. The stench of it crept into every exposed pore, seeping through the rubber barrier of the suit and into Frankie's sweat. Some days it felt like she was dripping with death. Family members rarely experienced the arena, though they were informed of it. When visitors arrived the reanimated corpse of grandpa was shot with a dart of horse tranquilizers of a high enough dosage to kill a whole herd, then he was rushed into a private holding cell where family members could observe him through the shatterproof Plexiglas. Close contact was forbidden, of course. There had been too many unfortunate accidents where the resident had a sudden bout of wakefulness accompanied with an ferocious attack of the munchies.
“Damn, these knees will be the death of me,” Shirley complained. She hobbled closer to Frankie as she hauled a shovel full of rancid meat over the railing. The residents surged towards the offering like sharks sniffing out blood in the water. “See if you can get a shovelful there, in the corner. Ben Finkel's family is complaining he looks too thin. Don't ask me if more meat is the answer, they keep decomposing just the same to me. This time next year he'll just be a skeleton with a brain stem, not even worth recycling.”
“You can't single them out like that,” Frankie warned her. “You know what can happen.”
“Customer service. That's what Head Office keeps bitching about.” She heaved another layer of meat over the railing.
“Even after what happened to Dot?”
Dot had been a favourite. Strange as it was, since it was kind of like picking out a favourite cockroach, she had made an impact on those who worked at the Happy Restful. Dot had been less aggressive than the other groaners below. She was mostly intact and instead of rushing for a meal would be content to pick up bits of meat and skin from the ground rather than try to rip it from the slimy hands of her peers. Larry had felt sorry for her, and had made the mistake of giving her one of the prime cuts of steak as a special treat.
The horde had singularly turned on Dorothy, ripping her apart and feasting on her wormy remains. Pain was difficult to discern among this crowd, but Dorothy's seemed obvious. Her eyes rolled wide when her lower jaw was ripped off, her tongue purple and dangling loosely near her neck.
“You know what these things are like?” Shirley said to Frankie, knocking her out of her unwelcome flashback. Frankie hauled her own shovel full of meat over the railing. It didn't even have a chance to hit the earth before it was consumed. “They're like triops.”
“Treetops,” Frankie repeated to herself.
“Not treetops, triops. They're these bug things, live in the water. My kid had them, bought the eggs on eBay. They look like mini horseshoe crabs when they're fully grown.” Shirley wiped the sweat from her brow with the back of her hand, staining her forehead a slimy brown. “220 millions years old. That's what the box they came in said. They only live for ninety days but the eggs survive every damned thing. You can cook them in the microwave, doesn't matter. Just add water and the little bastards still hatch.”
Frankie shrugged. “I don't understand the connection.”
“Easy to grow, easy to feed.” She turned to face Frankie, her expression serious. “When you run out of fish food, like my son did, the little crabby bastards just start eating each other. Never mind if the momma triop is the same for all of them, brothers and sisters, they just gobble each other up until there's only one left, and that sucker lays another million or so eggs.” She gestured to the arena with the tip of her shovel. “That's what we got here. Human shaped triops. Just think about this, Frankie, those triops have survived the way they do for 220 million years. Dr. Osmosis, that shithead, he's tapped into a pattern that works damned perfect. A lot more effective than us clunky, living folk, that's for sure. They never have to change, never have to grow or become something more. Evolution worked perfectly the first time.”
Shirley's line of reasoning left a sick feeling in the pit of Frankie's stomach. George was nothing like these freaks that tore and grabbed, clawing into each other when the supplies ran low. He was still his calm, collected self...Maybe a little quiet, and yes the need for raw meat was similar, but he'd never attacked her, never taken a bite where it wasn't warranted.
She was still pensive when she dug the shovel into the barrel, her gloves stained purple from blood and guts. The shovel was hard to wield, so she dug in and tossed armfuls over the side, doing her best to evenly disperse the feed. This wasn't supposed to be contagious, people paid good money to be recipients for the Osmosis 37 enzyme. It was hard to believe her George could be the 1% the experts claimed was susceptible. It was supposedly impossible, all the ads and the government information insisted that the only real risk was to coma patients and those with lingering terminal illnesses. Reanimation didn't happen at random. Somehow, George had gone to bed the night before, suffered a massive heart attack in his sleep, and had woken up as per usual when all the laws of nature said that was just plain not allowed.
Maybe Shirley was right. Maybe instead of moving forward, evolution decided to take a 220 million year old step back. To the good old days, when things were simpler, when surviving was an afterthought.
If the authorities found out she'd been harbouring George all week she'd be in terrible trouble. They'd force him into one of the public health holding arenas, where rumour had it the conditions were worse—How, Frankie couldn't imagine, but the rumours persisted. She pushed the thought aside, the very idea of anyone she loved, let alone George, getting housed in a place like this...
“You doing okay? You look kind of green gilled.”
To think she'd nearly reported the incident, nearly had him put in another facility like the Happy Restful, where nothing felt joy and nothing slept. Guilt tore at her heart.
“I gotta admit, that blood is damned sour today.”
Frankie gave Shirley a polite nod of agreement. She stubbornly kept her troubled thoughts to herself.
CHAPTER THREE: Family Is Forever

“Only YOU can prevent accidental contamination!”
“Though EXTREMELY RARE there have been cases of accidental reanimation in the general populace due to counterfeit exposure of the Osmosis 37 enzyme. This is a risk that is almost EXCLUSIVELY restricted to comatose patients and those in palliative care. Though most cases have occurred in hospitals*, ONLY 1% of the general population is believed to be at risk**.
Use of the Osmosis 37 enzyme is a chemical process that is to be distributed to deceased loved ones in a controlled laboratory environment owned and operated by Osmosis Industries, Inc. Unsanctioned reanimations are considered a copyright violation of the Osmosis brand and violators will be prosecuted to the full extent of the law.
If you suspect someone you know is harbouring a dead loved one, call our hotline at 1-800-GET-DEAD
(*based on Osmosis statistical surveys conducted prior to the commercial use of Osmosis 37
**as surveyed in the town of New Hope, population 1579)
A long day suddenly became longer. She'd wanted to go home over an hour ago, and every second that ticked past her working hours was a tortuous one. George was at home alone, at risk of being exposed if he so much as glanced out the window with raw bits of bacon fat stuck to his cheeks. Mrs. Dolores Granger, the neighbour to their left, was notoriously nosey, and that young fellow, the loud one on their right who blared Pink Floyd albums all day and night—He was an Osmosis CEO. Frankie fidgeted where she stood, her hands wringing impatiently. 
She had to get home.
But they were all trapped at the Happy Restful thanks to the furious Mrs. Crone. They had thought her visit would at least wait until morning, but she had arrived unannounced, and was shocked to discover that her husband was now missing a lower mandible and a sizeable portion of the upper left side of his skull.
“I pay good money to keep him here!” she shouted. “The least you people can do is make sure his head is kept on!”
Mrs. Crone shook where she stood, an elderly woman in her early eighties as fragile as a pile of dried, thin sticks draped in a sharply cut black skirt and matching jacket, a shimmer of beige silk frills poking out around the thick sinews of her neck. Shirley was uncharacteristically soft with her, her booming voice brought down a few octaves to keep Mrs. Crone at ease. “We can fix him, Mrs. Crone. If you bring us a photograph of him from before the Osmosis treatment we can attempt to reconstruct his head with a prosthetic.” Shirley waited for a few sniffles from Mrs. Crone to pass before continuing. “Be warned, however, this isn't a permanent fix. He may not keep it on and we'll only be able to use it during visiting hours when he's properly sedated.”
They all knew what properly sedated meant. A bucket full of tranquilizers that could drop an average Clydesdale horse dead in its tracks. But Mrs. Crone, like many of her contemporaries, was not to be daunted by these unpleasant realities. Her tinny voice took on a wavering quality as she continued to reprimand them: “I made him take that treatment because we were promised permanence! It's right there in the contract, what part of it do you people not understand!”
At this, Shirley toughened, unmoved by the elderly woman's fury. Her voice remained low, but her assurance was firm. “Every human being, living or dead, suffers eventual wear and tear. That's just how things are.”
Mrs. Crone's tiny, pinched face turned chalk white. “What did you say to me?” she shrieked, her voice so high pitched it hurt Frankie's ears. Her gnarled white fists curled into tiny fists, the size of a child's. “How dare you!”
“I'm sorry if I offended you, but it is what it is,” Shirley said.
“I want permanence!” Mrs. Crone shouted, her cane banging the floor as a replacement for her foot. "You people promised me!"
Then, just as quickly, her rage morphed into an expression of such naked sorrow it felt cruel to look on her. Larry turned his head away and Frankie averted her eyes. Only Shirley glared on, unwavering in her stance.
“We've had this conversation before,” Shirley said. “I know that's what you want, and I know that's what they promised you, but frankly, it's all lies. He's going to get torn at, he's going to be banged around and what the others don't do to him he'll end up doing to himself.”
He was a good man,” Mrs. Crone sniffled. A lacy handkerchief was pulled out of her pocket and held tight against her face, holding in the lingering horror of what she had done to him. “I don't understand any of this. When they told me he could still be here, with me, that I could still see him as he was, I didn't think this is what they meant. I thought he'd be my husband, I thought he'd by my Jerry, forever.” Her eyes focused on Larry and Frankie who were shrinking behind Shirley. “You people are incompetent fools! I'm going to make a formal complaint!”
“That's not going to fix him,” Shirley firmly stated.
A furious, bony finger was pointed at her. “This is about our legacy. Our family! Jerry was all about family. It's all he ever talked about, how family is forever! That's what this is supposed to be, Jerry's wish to stay a family—Forever and forever!”
Mrs. Crone broke down, then, her twisted, grieving face howling in grief, her bent, thin back doubled over more than usual. The handkerchief swiped at the mascara that now melted in globs along the wrinkles around her eyes. Shirley took her gently by the shoulders and guided her to the front door, and out of the reception. “Nothing is forever on this earth, Mrs. Crone. You said it yourself. You were lied to.”
Mrs. Crone's head shakily bobbed up and down, whether in agreement or weakness, Frankie couldn't rightly tell. “We'll call you a cab,” she heard Shirley say. “You just have a seat, right over there. I'll go and get you a cup of tea while you're waiting.”
Larry's voice was dark at Frankie's shoulder. “I tell you, it was easier working the meat packing plant, and I don't say that shit lightly. You pulled something off the line that used to be alive and you didn't have to worry about it jumping off and beating you. Those slabs of meat served something in life then they was lucky enough to serve a proper one in death, too. I hate this place with everything I got in me. From what I can see, the only thing those groaners in there serve is to keep the grieving going. It ain't right, Frankie, profiting off people's sorrow like this. Those Osmosis execs can go to hell, that is if Hell isn't too pissed off to have them.”

***

Family is forever. That phrase had never been a part of her and George's reality. Her life had been punctuated by a curse of fatal absenteeism by those who she held close to her heart. First was her father, when she was only twenty-one and in her first year of college. He'd suffered a massive stroke while at the insurance firm he worked at for most of his adult life, his face pressed tight against the keys of his typewriter. Her mother followed not long after, her battle with cancer valiantly fought but inevitably lost. Her brother, long estranged from her, died when Frankie was in her fifties, his body decimated from decades of self abuse with alcohol and drugs. 
Before this entire tally, there had been a young Frankie, at the tender age of nineteen, marrying George, wearing white at the altar even though she was swollen with the fourth month of pregnancy. They lost their baby when she was only six months old, the mysteries of crib death still hovering like a spiked needle above her heart, where even now just the right arrangement of emotion could plunge its cruel tip painfully deep into that relentlessly working muscle. 
“Have some potatoes, dear,” she said, and inched a spoonful of mashed goodness onto George's dinner plate. He ignored them and poked his finger into a slice of tomato she'd used as a garnish next to his raw sausages, which he had almost finished gorging himself on. He twirled the red vegetable in circles on his plate, seemingly fascinated that the colour was right, but there was no -soaked sustenance within.
Frankie's fork was paused over her plate as she watched him, unsure of how to bring up the topic. “I just don't get it, George. She was so distraught, so miserable. What was the point of it all? When was it death became such a dirty word?” She tucked into her potatoes, enjoying their creamy texture. “There's no shame in it, no impoliteness. Everything's born and everything dies. Seems to me there's no room for making it fashionable to hate the inevitable. There's nothing more simple than death.”
And it had been simple, especially for George—At least, from what Frankie could piece together. He'd rolled over on his side in bed, farted, and died. Then, while she was crying and frying up some bacon in the morning, too much in shock to start making calls, he'd walked out of the bedroom, shuffling past the wheelchair he used to use and aimed directly for the freezer. He ate an entire bass he'd caught two months ago, its body rock solid, fins, gills, scales and all. He even swallowed some of the paper packaging. 
Blood had settled, blue and purple, into old injuries and pressure points, the outline of his medic-alert diabetic bracelet in a visible ring on the surface flesh of his wrist. Before she knew he was heading for the bass, that bruise was how she knew for certain he was dead and gone and yet still here.
Frankie sighed, looking on her husband with a mixture of pity and disgust. She kept her coat on since she'd had to push the air conditioner past its limit, her breath visible within the house. Sure, she kept the place as spotlessly clean as she could to keep out the bacteria, but it was a losing battle. Nature was going to have its way no matter what she did, short of having him embalmed which was doubly illegal. Poisoning flesh was a federal offence. The need for meat, any kind of meat, had destroyed the funeral industry. You couldn't find an embalming machine anywhere and even if you did you would be fined $50,000 just for looking at one. Osmosis Inc now owned the rights to all preserving agents and methods for reanimated longetivity. Embalming equipment violated their patents.
She didn't like the idea of George rotting away before her eyes, but the Osmosis 37 infection didn't give her any choice.
Life and death weren't meant to be this complicated, Frankie thought. Somehow, greed had crept in insidiously, infecting even this most basic of human experiences. With Oprah interviews and spotlights on Larry King, that enigmatic pioneer of the future, Dr. Osmosis himself, had promised life everlasting. Death could be eradicated, for a price. With a propaganda machine that was both transparent and hypnotic he had lulled the world into the understanding that death was simply unnecessary. It was backward, unfashionable. Death was uncool.
Death is a five letter word.
George snatched Frankie's uneaten, cooked, sausage off of her plate and tore into it, his hands greasy with raw meat and caramelized BBQ sauce. When he was finished, the tomato he'd popped into his mouth as an experiment popped out from between his lips in a long, slimy line.
Frankie frowned. No, she wasn't like those who tucked their loved ones away to rot at the Happy Restful, thinking eternal life was some kind of favour. All they kept alive were misplaced feelings of guilt and painful memories that were being slowly eroded away with images of monsters. George was going to die, she just had to figure out how to do it to make it permanent. It meant resorting to murder, and the how of it was a constant puzzle she couldn't quite solve. Chopping him up wouldn't do it, he'd simply be laying in twitchy, animated pieces, and there was no point scattering him around. The flame thrower would have to be used, but to do so discreetly would be difficult, especially with her nosey neighbour Dolores poking around. Screams of murder would be shouted down their quiet street the second she singed the back of George's head.
The details of the law were too cumbersome for Frankie to properly interpret. Technically, could you be a murderer if you killed a man already dead?
“It's all so damned complicated,” Frankie muttered as she gathered up the dishes and took them to the kitchen sink. George seemed to groan his assent. He shuffled into the living room, and as per usual, there was the gentle click of a remote and the TV flickered into life in that dark recess.
Exhausted, Frankie pressed the back of her hand against her forehead, warding off a feverish feeling and a brewing headache. Ten o'clock at night. A migraine was starting to creep nastily along the base of her skull.
“I'll get some sleep after this,” she promised herself, her hands sinking into lemon scented dish soap suds and hot water. “I'll sleep, and sleep, and sleep.”
CHAPTER FOUR: Keep A Cool Head

Remember: Housing undead relatives without a valid Osmosis license is a capital offence!
The scene on the television screen changed abruptly to a freckle faced boy standing in his living room, a baseball and a catcher's mitt in his hands. “Hey dad,” he eagerly said. “Want to go out back and play catch?”
The lumbering shadow before him morphed into a very large, very dead middle aged man. He easily overpowered the lad, his gaping, hungry mouth devouring the screaming child with all the ease of a starving lion. Within seconds the kid was nothing more than a slab of mismatched meat.
Seeing the carnage too late, the boy's mother ran into the living room, her world encompassed in a bloodcurdling scream. “Billy! NO!”
The announcer's voice broke over the scene, his tone clipped and overly cheerful. “Sure, you did the right thing when you found out Dad was terminal. You gave him a good dose of Osmosis 37. But though it's important to keep our loved ones around, we must also remember that dear Dad has a few new routines and special care that needs to be met. For instance, he might not be so interested in doing those things that were common for him when he was alive and healthy—like playing catch. Now, your dad has other joys, like walking for miles and miles, risking self injury by falling off the edge of cliffs or buildings. And of course, there is the ever present craving for the delectable sweet taste of your living flesh. You've already proven you can do the right thing, so do it again and box Dad up and ship him off to one of our many wonderful holding arenas at the Happy Restful Afterlife Home. He'll get quality meat, social interaction and regular maintenance of his new, sometimes unpleasant, physical needs.
The Happy Restful. Where all your screams are joyous."
Shirley changed the channel, her face betraying her inner feelings of disgust. She bit into an apple and glanced up at the poster displayed proudly behind Frankie, who was now taking a much needed break behind the reception desk. The poster had the same image as the commercial, only in this one little Billy was alive. Bleeding and gory, but a alive and freckled. Underneath his horrified expression were words that were repeated on every scrap of Osmosis and Happy Restful advertisement littering the place. “Housing the undead is a criminal offence. Don't risk the safety of your family and neighbours. Keep our streets happy and free of homicidal debris!”
“You look like death warmed over,” she said to Frankie.
Frankie shrugged, feeling uncomfortable at Shirley's observation. The main lobby was cold, not unlike standing in front of an open freezer. It was colder inside, where the holding cells refrigerated the residents and family members viewed them, unaware of the meat locker their relatives were locked in since they were shielded from their potential violence by a thick pane of shatterproof Plexiglas. The arena was kept colder still, like a deep freeze, but the movement of the undead bodies caused a layer of heat to build, as did the fermenting meat on the floor. The hope that the cold would slow them down was made moot thanks to their prescribed method of feeding. Regardless of the fact the temperature was kept a cool -7C, none of the residents managed to sit still long enough to get frozen solid.
The damp was what got to Frankie the most, the way it crept into her bones and made them ache. She pulled her blue sweater tighter around her, fighting to keep out the chill. “Got a lot on my mind,” she admitted.
“Don't we all,” Shirley agreed, and eagerly pulled up a chair, ready to offer her own contribution. “My son called me yesterday. Seems that wife of his ain't too keen on making me any grandbabies.”
Frankie raised a brow. “You can't blame her. It's so expensive nowadays.”
“It's always been expensive.”
“No,” Frankie said, her voice grave. “It's bad for us, doing twelve hours a day, five days a week, but the younger generation, the ones in the city, those poor souls have to work doubly hard. No vacations, no sick leave. I find it amazing they even have time to have relationships, let alone get married and have kids.”
“He met her in the office. Office wench. You know the type.”
“You can't blame her,” Frankie quietly repeated. “Nobody's having kids any more. The last baby I saw in this town was over two years ago. There's no money, there's no time.” Frankie gestured to the poster hanging behind her head. “They made sure of that. If people don't die when they're supposed to, it just creates dead wood. There's a natural turnover to things, even with those treetop things you were telling me about.”
“Triops,” Shirley corrected.
“They eat each other up, but there's one left, right? One to plant the eggs when there's room for more. But there's no room here, Shirley. The younger generation, they're well aware of that.”
“I have to wonder what it's going to be like when my time comes,” Shirley sighed. She glanced over at Frankie. 
“You make sure I get a good piece of steak my way, got it?”
“I pray every day for a good, quick, normal death for all of us.” 
“No swearing in the lobby,” Shirley said, she winked over the reprimand.
The quiet was broken by a long, curse-filled tirade that erupted into the reception area, a strangely vinegar scent fouled by rotted blood and sour meat arriving with it. “Dammit!” Larry shouted. He was covered in gore, with bits of brain tissue and scalp still attached to his shoulders. “Son of a whore!”
“Drama queen,” Shirley groaned.
“Drama queen? Are you serious?” He inched closer to her, his wiry body bristling with rage and adrenaline. He flicked a piece of unidentifiable tissue off of his ear and onto Shirley's cheek. 
She wiped it off in haste. “Shit, that's disgusting, even here! What the hell, Larry...”
Larry was unapologetic, his hands on his hips, his rubber coveralls dripping with old blood and sweat. “I don't care how much she's paying, she's got to be told. He's too far gone.”
“We'll just give him another prosthetic,” Shirley said. She rested a meaty elbow onto the reception counter in tired sloth. “Mrs. Crone will just have to learn to like it.”
“There's nothing there to like!” Larry shouted. “The damn fool's gone and ripped his own head off. I tried picking it up, but the thing bit me!”
“How's that possible when he doesn't have a head?” Frankie asked.
“Ain't you listening? I was holding his head! Lips opened wide and chomp, just like that!” Larry paled, and swayed where he stood. “I dropped it, and then his body, I guess it kind of honed in on it. I slipped on some guts trying to get away and the bastard got a grip on me.”
Both Frankie and Shirley looked at each other in astonishment. “How did you get away?” Frankie asked.
“I kicked it out of range,” Larry said.
Shirley's voice dropped an octave. “Kicked what out of range?”
“His head!” Larry showed them his drop kick moves, and pantomimed a strong punt into an imaginary soccer field. “Kind of cracked in half on its way into the crowd. They were on it like a strawberry slushie on a hot summer's day.”
Shirley was quiet a long moment. “Mrs. Crone is going to lose her head herself when she hears about this.” She eyed Larry up and down. “Looks like your job might be on the line, pal. Don't panic just yet, I'll offer her a sedative before giving her the news, and then see if I can coerce her into rendering him.”
“It ain't my fault he ripped his own head off,” Larry grumbled.
“We all live on the edge here,” Shirley reminded him.
“Tools for denial,” Frankie added.
Larry ran his hands over his head, bits of broken skull raining down. He shuddered and walked brusquely away from them. “I gotta shower and get changed. Shit, I'll never get used to this. I wish I was back stringing up turkeys. At least they tasted good. Shit.”
Frankie stayed quiet, her thoughts going to where they usually were these days, back to George, at home, silently rotting in his easy chair while he watched TV. One o'clock in the afternoon. He was probably watching Vanna White spin the wheel on a vintage episode of Wheel Of Fortune.
Shirley yawned and got out of her chair, kicking a piece of skull over with the heel of her shoe. “So how's things going back at the house?” Shirley asked. “How's that handsome husband of yours?”
Frankie flinched as though she'd been punched. “The same,” she said, her voice strained.
“You need to get your house sorted out,” Shirley said.
“I...”
“That thieving bank manager can't be allowed to take your house. You need to go to the cops and tell them.”
“I tried,” Frankie said, feeling more and more helpless. “They said with all the issues concerning Osmosis patient complaints they don't have time for white collar fraud cases. It's all they can do to keep up with the rogues, so my problem is a low priority for them.”
“That bank manager is stealing your mortgage. I've seen it happen, and I know the signs. What's the bastard's name? Parker-Something? I say we make our own solution to this little problem. We take our rubber suits and our blue rubber gloves and our baseball bats and you, me and Larry and George all march into the Monarch Bank and see if we can do a little memory recovery for him. See if he can find that original mortgage agreement then.”
Frankie couldn't help but smile at the thought. “Nice as that would be, you'd all be fired for sure.”
Shirley pursed her lips in thought. “Larry and me? Hey, we won't be the only ones walking the streets with nothing in our pockets and no food in our bellies. You'd be out of a job too.”
Larry turned away, a stack of client papers neatly tapped and shuffled into a perfect rectangle on the reception desk. “Nah,” she said, a familiar sadness invading her. “I could never be that lucky.”
CHAPTER FIVE: Green Lawns

Her morning was frantic. Thanks to the usual rolling blackouts, her alarm hadn't gone off and she'd slept in a whole half an hour late, a balm her aching body enjoyed but her mind panicked over. Anxiety built to a crescendo as she brushed her teeth, and wondered if she could skip putting the rollers in her hair, instead brushing out her frizzy grey and red flecked mane quickly with a damp comb so she could get out in record time. She spit into the sink and messily rinsed her mouth with water, her partial dentures rinsed under an ice cold tap. They were so cold they made her sensitive surrounding teeth shoot with pain when she put them in her mouth. It didn't matter. If she didn't get moving Shirley would be left alone on her shift, and Frankie knew even five minutes alone on a bad day could mean disaster.
With images of Shirley partially eaten and left in a giant puddle of fat and bones on the reception floor, Frankie hurried through her morning. She had no time for a proper disinfecting of her house and the hepafilters would have to wait until she got home for a filter change. With a toss of frozen meat on a plate left for George, she ran out the side door, slamming it behind her, keys dangling in her grip. 
She was halfway to her car when she realized she hadn't locked the door. Cursing softly to herself, she fumbled with the keys, dropping them twice before finally getting them firm enough in her grip to lock the door and head back to her car.
“Lovely summer's day, isn't it, dear?”
Damn. She thought she'd be safe, but as usual her neighbour, Dolores, was outside lazily sipping coffee from an oversized mug. The happy glow about her that slid out from her smiling face was not the effect of caffeine so much as the massive amount of Irish cream she'd laced her morning cup of java with. Dolores and her husband had been early investors in Osmosis, Inc and as a result they didn't suffer the same fate as Frankie and George, their house was secure as were their profits. As 'founding members', they now enjoyed a lifelong retirement fund that gave them ample free time to waste chatting with neighbours, trimming hedges and pretending that living forever was as normal and beautiful as a cardinal picking bits of rancid raw meat from a ball of suet.
“Can't talk this morning, Dolores, I'm late for work.”
“Working so hard, at your age,” Dolores tutted. “Surely you can spare a minute on such a lovely day.” She gestured to the brilliant blue sky, a heady contrast to the lush, bright green lawns that adorned every house like a comfortable blanket. A tendril of smoke leered its way over Frankie's car and toward Dolores, who closed her eyes in remembered bliss. “He's cooking on his BBQ again. Oh, how that takes me back!” Her eyes, sleepy from just waking up or from a handful of sleeping pills, Frankie couldn't be sure, were half lidded slits of pleasure as she took in the rare scent. “Do you remember those days, Frankie? Picnics and neighbourhood gatherings? A shame, how it's gone so out of fashion these days.”
“The BBQ ban started two years ago, back when we had a thing called spare time. Something which none of us have any longer. I have to get to work.”
“I think it's lovely he's keeping the tradition alive.”
Frankie tore her car door open and slid into the driver's seat. She glanced to her left, the image of the smoking BBQ well in her sight. She used to be a pleasant woman, in those backyard days. Back when human beings treated others with pretended respect. Lately, she had no patience for niceties. “BBQs are illegal, and he knows it. He's an Osmosis CEO, so yes, he's above the law and he loves shoving that fact in our faces. He's not performing an act of charity, Dolores, he's doing his best to be a little show-off prick.”
“Really,” Dolores said, and took a lazy, long sip of her coffee. “I'm surprised at you, Frankie. You've become so coarse since you've gone back to work.”

***

Frankie sped onto the highway, her mind racing as fast as the traffic that tried to keep up with her. Dolores had held her back another eight precious minutes, and with her foot pressing the gas pedal she sped past company buses, armoured trolleys and the occasional army sanctioned Jeep. There weren't as many police on the beat handing out tickets to speeders, especially since most of them in this region were eaten by the great rogue outbreak a year and a half ago. Nobody wanted to be a S.I.R., not when the chances of becoming some undead grandpa's lunch were near ninety percent. That job was best left to the old timers who didn't have too many years left on this earth. Nobody retired any more, not unless they had an association with Osmosis Inc, the monster that created this mess in the first place.
So far, she was lucky. No one had asked about George, save for Shirley who was only interested in idle gossip and not any real solutions to Frankie's financial problems. There was no point in expecting anyone to stick their neck out for you these days, not when their own was so precariously attached. For once, this uncaring sense of self-preservation deep within everyone had proved useful. The only person who was at risk of poking their nose in on her business was Dolores, and she was usually too stoned to notice the sun rising every day let alone that either Frankie or George were dead.
Good times, Frankie thought, feeling bitter. Dolores could barely remember her own name, her thoughts clouded by every mood enhancing upper and downer she could swallow on the hour. It was amazing she even remembered the huge neighbourhood gatherings she used to organize, complete with pony rides and candy popcorn and movies displayed on Frankie's garage wall at night. Summer on their street had been an endless, idyllic scene of laughing children holding hot dogs, mustard smeared on their colourful t-shirts, bubbles flying over lawns of seafoam coloured grass, cut to perfection. Happy chatter was carried over every breeze, bicycle wheels skidding on gravel.
They'd had a cat, back then. The neighbourhood kids had loved him, often stopping by her driveway to give his belly a quick cuddle on their way home from school. He would roll and purr, sunning himself on their love. Perhaps she did feed him too much, but how could it be helped? He was, in his way, a normal substitute for the children they were never going to have. He was a large, orange tabby, named Puffy thanks to his general balloon appearance. He was friendly and fluffy and given to peeing in her houseplants. He'd died at the ripe old age of eighteen and was now fertilizing a neglected patch of peonies in their backyard.
Pets were, of course, now forbidden as well, but that didn't stop their prick of neighbour to their left, otherwise known as Jack Morgan, Osmosis CEO, from picking up a yippy Yorkshire terrier. As long as you were one of the Osmosis elite, the law did not apply.
She wondered what was going to happen to the little, oily dog when it finally died. Would it follow its master into the chasm of everlasting life and become yet another vicious, snarling beast set on ripping into flesh? Considering this wasn't far from its present temperament, there was no reason to assume it wasn't going to survive well into eternity. She thought of Puffy, and how he had so peacefully gone in his sleep, releasing nothing more than a sigh and a last, fatal, purr.
Being old-fashioned was not the issue. What was so bad about dying? No one had ever come back to complain. 
This living business, now that had plenty of detractors.
Frankie shouted at a truck that nearly cut her off, the heel of her hand pressed deep on the horn. She slowed as she made her exit off the highway, her nerves frazzled as she gripped the wheel. The sun was bright and high in the sky, a daylight signal that told her she was going to hear about her tardiness when she finally got to work. Fifteen minutes late. Hell had already broken loose, she could feel it in every aching muscle.
She'd never been such a harried, bitter soul before, had never snapped at her neighbours or shouted obscenities at fellow drivers on the road. Osmosis 37 had transformed her, too. Keeping up with that monstrous enzyme was a disease all its own, one that had affected every facet of her once pleasant, happy life. She didn't know how George got infected. Perhaps some fragment of it lingered in a resident, and she'd brought it home in the folds of her uniform that she'd brought home for washing. Perhaps there was a piece of desiccated meat in her hair that George had unwittingly touched when he kissed her hello as she walked in the door, home late from work. Her thoughts strayed to the feel of his fingers lightly brushing strands of hair from her forehead. 
Mrs. Crone came to mind, her tearful pleas for them to glue her husband's head back together nagging at Frankie's empathy. Mrs. Crone was of that ilk that couldn't understand how everything falls apart eventually, that this world was made of used up things. Things that had decayed, that were hard at work breaking down into the soil, making way for something new. Human waste, that's what they all were. Piles and piles of it.
She pulled into the driveway of the Happy Restful, her mind clouded with worry. She couldn't remember if she'd properly locked the side door, and she fought to recollect that familiar latching sound as the bolt slid into place. There were so many things to worry about. Had she locked the cupboards? Had she put the air filters back on? Did she turn on the TV, a sure way to make George behave and stay in place? She had no memory of picking up the morning paper. If it rained, she'd be left with a soggy mess that she would have to scrape off her front porch. Dolores would wonder why George never picked it up.
Shirley stood at the entrance of the Happy Restful, her arms crossed over her barrelled chest. A meek sense of defeat welled up inside of Frankie and she had to wonder if it was all worth it, if working as hard as she was to keep a house that no longer held any real meaning for herself or for George was an answer. Maybe she should just give up and let the bank steal her house, then use what savings she might scrounge up to build a tiny shed outside of the city, a little log cabin with no running water. There would be no money for food, but she could learn to hunt and skin raccoons and rabbits if she had to. They could be happy there. They could spend their days in the open air, calmly and peacefully rotting like they were supposed to.
Frankie parked the car and turned off the ignition. She stepped out of it, making sure to lock it, that same pang of worry assailing her again. She kept her head down as she approached Shirley, but there was no angry tirade against Frankie's tardiness. Instead, it was directed at something far worse.
“Those damn night girls don't know nothing!” Shirley boomed. “Got three loose ones this morning. Three! Instead of getting the semi-automatics from the glass case like they're supposed to, the damned fools just run off screaming from the building. Not even a note for us, and they left the damn door unlocked! Rogues running around in here, hungry as hell, and all that's separating them from me was a flimsy little lock and a key!” Shirley shook her head, the sound of glass smashing deep inside of the Happy Restful making them both flinch. “I'm telling you, girl. There's no professionalism these days. People got to be more responsible.”
There was no sign that this admonishment was in any way directed at her. Frankie peered into the front windows, where quick, fleeting shadows were bringing the place into a state of general mayhem. The Happy Restful wellness poster was ripped in half, the boy's freckled face in tatters. The front reception desk was dripping with blood.
“They got the security guard,” Shirley explained.
“Egghead Eddie?”
“Nah, some new guy. Never liked him, he was always chomping on gum like a cow chewing cud. Larry's a real mess over it, though. He almost covered for Eddie last night and changed his mind the last minute. That deal with Mr. Crone really tired him out, body and soul, you know what I mean?”
“I guess,” Frankie said, her face pressed against the window, watching the scene inside intently. A television smashed to the floor. “So what do we do now?”
Shirley shrugged. “Sit back and wait for the cavalry. Larry called the hotline and they're sending over the local S.I.R. Some guy named Chuck. Imagine, having a name like Chuck and doing a job like that. Bet he gets teased all the time, the poor bastard.”
“I'll bet,” Frankie quietly said. She kept thinking about her side door, about how she couldn't remember the bolt sliding into place. A simple sound, of brass clicking against each other. She jangled her keys in her pocket, and tried to recollect the feel of it sliding in the lock, of security safely in place.
“Ran right out and didn't even lock that damned door,” Shirley angrily muttered. “Head Office is gonna hear about this. Heads are gonna roll, you'll see.”
CHAPTER SIX: George

George had always been a simple man.
Not for George were fancy meals full of ingredients he couldn't pronounce, or organic substitutes that had little flavour and were the texture of shoe leather. Tofu was a word that had never crossed George's lips, and the likelihood of that fact changing was officially none. He was a red meat man. Steak, potatoes and one choice of vegetable. Anything more than that simple fare and it just plain wasn't food.
He would never admit that Frankie's lack of culinary skills were to blame for this restrictive outlook on his diet, especially when his wife always took a special pride in how George always cleaned his plate. It didn't matter if the steak was too rare, or the potatoes were overcooked to the point of being transparent. Such small imperfections could be forgiven, stomach acids aiding in the sense of tolerance. 
Chicken divan, Frankie's signature and only trusted gourmet meal, was a staple for every Thursday, but its accompanying salad was always treated with mistrust. Once in a while a boiled carrot would meet his plate, but never the gaseous broccoli, its green, tree-like appearance striking horror into his strictly carnivorous gut.
Meat, potatoes, meat again. These were the simple building blocks of life that George could properly appreciate.
Unfortunately, these blocks were also the cause of the various blobs of plaque that lined his arteries, which gradually built a dam to the main vein leading to his heart. This was the cause of the fatal blockage that should have left him asleep in the eternal embrace of bacon flavoured vegetables. Not remaining dead had complicated matters, especially since his mind was significantly foggier than it used to be, his intellectual strength now reduced to figuring out which items in the refrigerator were, and weren't, edible. There seemed to be something off about eating a steak that dripped red juice in large splotches onto the kitchen counter, but at least it did still taste good. Maybe it was just the memory of steak tasting good, and he was only kidding himself. He couldn't quite trust this helping on his plate, laying red and bland and oddly mouth-watering before him was what his body was truly craving.
What he did feel was a low ache in his abdomen which suggested hunger. He opened the door to the refrigerator again, his clouded vision seeking out a morsel that would render him sated and eradicate this strange, existential feeling of absence that pervaded every second of his conscious thoughts.
Perhaps he should simply be grateful that he was still capable of thoughts, even if they were simple in origin and clouded by that cataract veil that was wrapped so tightly around his physical needs. He paused over an unopened packet of bacon and grunted over it, the plastic covering tentatively tested with a bite from his decaying teeth. There was something missing. The sensation as he bit into the packet was not unlike smoke and lettuce. Crisp. 
Crunchy. Was this what he was looking for?
Even in life, George had never been a great intellectual heavyweight, preferring the solid no-nonsense of the nightly news to the newspapers. He avoided a costly college course and taught himself carpentry, the solid lines and steadfast rules of the trade a perfect fit for his own deeply internalized hard working philosophy. Sure, he'd lost half a finger back in '75, but he'd learned how to hang a cabinet straight as a result. It had been a good business, building kitchens for people, a trade he'd excelled at for over thirty-five years. All it took to make a comfortable life for himself and Frankie had been the solid strike of hammers and nails.
Damn if that ache in his gut wasn't irritating him something awful. Its continued pestering forced him to open the freezer and take out what looked to be a fairly edible, if not freezer burned, chunk of ham. It was tough to chew on, but the salty taste was pleasing enough. He walked around the kitchen and then into the living room with it, licking its surface in much the same way one would a popsicle on a hot summer day.
It felt hot in the house, more so than usual, and he rubbed the back of his neck with the palm of his hand, taking away a layer of dewy skin. There was a sour, sweaty foul smell emanating from it and he considered taking a shower to keep it at bay. He wasn't sure where Frankie was, but it was damn silly for her to leave and not turn up the air conditioning, especially when she knew how much the humidity made his rheumatism act up. He considered turning it on himself, but for some odd reason this ability was hopelessly lost on him. He knew there was a control panel, but he couldn't remember where, and if you turned the knob a certain way it made the house get colder. He couldn't remember where it was. Damn.
Come to think of it, he wasn't sure how to turn the knob either, even if he found it. Turning on the A/C was suddenly a highly complex task, one better left to those who usually dealt with it. 
Damn that ache in his gut was awful.
Was Frankie sneaking him fat free tofu when he wasn't paying attention? It couldn't be normal to feel this kind of hunger. If a horse was plunked in front of him right at this second he couldn't promise not to take a bite out of its living flank.
Fresh air. That's what he needed. He nodded to himself in agreement, licking the frozen piece of ham as he shuffled back into the kitchen. Opening a window wasn't that complicated, not like the air conditioner and its secret panel and hidden away knobs and hieroglyphic settings.
He had to stretch over the sink to get to the window, an action that sent another jolt of pain through his abdomen. His guts growled in response and he grumbled back at it, hoping he could make his angry internal organs shut the hell up. The window slid open after a considerable amount of forceful jostling. Who the hell had put those nails there? A soft, cool breeze entered the house, its outdoor clean cancelling out the stink of bleach that Frankie kept the place permeated in. He blinked, feeling the relief of cool air on his stinging eyes. Frankie and her damn bleach and her damn tofu. He'd have to have a talk with her when she got home.
George's annoyance was disturbed by the sudden intrusion of a familiar aroma, one he'd coveted for decades. He'd been the purveyor of it himself many a time. It was the scent of summer days and picnics and Frisbees and innocence. It was that unmistakable angelic mixture of beer, hickory and tomatoes.
BBQ. Someone out there was enjoying a prize, first class steak with all the trimmings. The ache in George's gut churned with increased carnal want. It was damned rude, it was, starting up the barbie like that and not inviting a neighbour by for a beer. Damned unreasonable.
The thin trail of hickory smoke wafted in from the open window, creating a puzzle that George was impatient to solve. It was easy enough to get out of the house, he'd done so thousands of times in his life, but for some reason he couldn't quite grasp how this was achieved. There was a barrier, he knew this. Like a wall, but it opened up once in a while.
He tried the cupboards but they only led to neat arrangements of dishes stacked in piles within their confines, along with canned goods he had no interest in. He was about to give up when he tried the handle of the side door, the one he knew led out to their backyard. He grasped the round, brass knob in his hand and gave it a forceful turn.
It remained locked.
George wasn't about to be daunted, however. He could see that these brass knobs were littered all over his house, many of which weren't locked and gave him easy access to various rooms. The one leading to the bedroom, for example, and the loo—though he hadn't had to use that room for quite some time, now. Very strange. 
All he had to do was keep trying. One of them was bound to give him access to that lovely breeze and charred meat laying in wait for him.
The smell of the BBQ was near unbearable in its delight. George's gut was drawn to it with all the power of heroin on a hardcore user. He turned another random brass doorknob and inwardly grunted a curse at the contents of the linen closet. He slammed the door closed in frustration, cracking the wood that held its hinges.
Frankie would call him an impatient old fool, and she'd be right, as always. He was never one to just leave things lie, not when he knew he was in the right. There were other matters more important than some selfish BBQ, matters to do with the house. That particular worry ate at his gut even more forcefully the promise of burnt meat, but he couldn't fully form a concrete idea as to what that worry was. Damn this gnawing hunger. It was making him stupid.
What a blissful smell! He closed his filmy eyes and breathed in the scent of beer and bacon—yes, bacon, sizzling and spitting on a cast iron skillet. The organic remains of memory curled tight around his pained stomach.
He followed the scent, his eyes closed, led by the delicious aroma until he came closest to it, at the front door. He grabbed the brass knob and to his shock it opened, the world outside his house rushing upon him with all the delectable smells hovering upon every molecule of outdoor air. He could practically taste the meat as the ashen remains rolled thick against the back of his throat.
He hadn't noticed the loud music, not when he was cocooned in his house. Or that annoying, yipping sound that belonged to the snarling, tiny dog that ran up to him and started viciously biting his ankles. He tried to kick it away, but it came back more determined than ever, taking bits of flesh with it into its tiny, noisy mouth. 
In retrospect, he didn't know why he did it. It seemed the natural, reasonable thing to do at the time.
In a movement so quick he never knew he was capable of it, George snatched up the snarling ball of misery and popped it into his mouth as though it were a fuzzy tater-tot. He swallowed it down with minimal effort.
“Mitzy? Mitzy? Where are you, you little bitch?” The owner of the dog, and the BBQ whistled loudly, then cursed and turned up his radio to a decibel that was definitely too loud for a quiet Tuesday morning. 
“Mitzy, you little cunt, where are you?”
George's neighbour was a young man, in his late twenties. He was wearing nothing but boxer shorts and a BBQ apron as he walked in front of George's house. “Hey, man, you seen a little dog?”
George chocked on something in his throat.
“Why do I even bother. Everyone in this neighbour is a fucking moron.” The young punk turned his back on George. “Senile old prick.”
George coughed. A tiny red dog tag with the name Mitzy fell onto the steps at his feet.
He kicked it aside. Miserable tiny terriers were no substitute for bacon.
CHAPTER SEVEN: Friendly Neighbour

He stood silent and still in the open doorway, his hands in his pockets as he weighed his options from his front porch. His neighbour, Jack Morgan Esq., was still hunting for his beloved pooch, spatula in hand. George absently picked at his teeth, noting that the oily dog hair was wrapped in a very unpleasant way around his back molars.
“Smells good, don't it?” Jack shouted, his grin wide and white, his apron flapping at his knees like a skirt. “I bet you want to try a bit, don't you? That's grade A beef I got cooking up for breakfast here, you can't get that through the proper channels.” Jack pointed his spatula square at George's chest. “I ain't sharing. Can't do it, pal. See, if you were an early investor in Osmosis 37 like I was, you could have had executive status. It's not like they didn't give you the forms to fill out. You and that hard working wife of yours snoozed and losed, just like that. Shame, really. I thought you two had more on the ball than Dopey Dolores over there.”
He gestured to George's neighbour on the opposite side and George watched as Dolores staggered through her rose bushes, her martini sloshing over her housecoat as she drunkenly picked at her flowers. “Bought in early and got to reap in all the benefits. She gets to waste her days sucking back tequila and lorazepam and here you are, still struggling to bring home the bacon.” Jack Morgan stretched lazily, the spatula waving and dripping fat onto George's driveway. “Mind you, this is a mature street. There's a reason it's so dead quiet.” 
He moved closer to George, and brought him into a mock confidence. “The Osmosis Foundation snatched up this whole block about a year ago. They figure they can get at least three holding facilities here, housing about five hundred undead wigglers each. Of course, some people are just too stubborn to die off and become part of the plan. As an executive, I'll have my pick of a new downtown condo in whatever city I want. But dead weight like you...” He shook his head. “Let's just say with the kind of payola three holding facilities generates it doesn't take much to get a bank to do some creative accounting.”
“Hello, Jack!” Dolores sang to them, her droopy eyes unable to bring either of them into proper focus. She held up her now nearly empty martini glass in greeting. “So lovely, what you're doing for the neighbourhood.”
“You're goddamned right about that,” Jack said, and Dolores tittered, hiding her drunken belch behind a delicate palm.
He gave George a level glare. “The Osmosis Foundation doesn't take kindly to people who aren't one hundred percent behind their charitable works. If I were you, I'd be channelling all that money your wife earns into some hefty Osmosis donations. Maybe with a kind word put in by, say, a friendly neighbour for a small fee--Let's try five thousand, that should do it--and you could get a small but liveable little bachelor apartment in the heart of the city. Trust me pal. all kinds of things can happen when you're off the Osmosis naughty list.” He scraped the bottom of his chin with the spatula, leaving streaks of hickory flavoured BBQ sauce on his neck. “Now, if you'll excuse me, I got a steak to char.”
George followed him with his rheumy eyes, not moving a muscle as Jack returned to his BBQ, his calls for his missing, miserable little dog riddled with new curse words. When George did move, it was with slow deliberate plodding, a method that worked best for his increasingly out of sync muscles.
“Good morning, George,” Dolores sang out to him. He turned to her, unsmiling, her blank gaze unfocused as she concentrated on his face. “Goodness, that's a nasty cut on your ear.”
He stepped down the three steps that comprised his porch and made a beeline for Frank's yard, which was now fully immersed in hickory smoke. The stereo was blasting an ancient Pink Floyd tune, one that George himself had once favoured and might have even sung along to, had the situation been different. But with that jerk Jack enjoying it, it was as if his fond memories of the band and their music were tainted. Defiled, even.
His gut was so hungry, its unsatisfied hollowness screaming in agony. He walked up behind Jack, who turned the steak on the BBQ with a flip of his spatula, the fat sizzling into delicate black edging as the blood dripped onto the hot coals.
George grabbed Jack by the shoulders, hoping to shake some sense into the little creep. He knew better than many how to reason with a cocky, know-all fool. But George wasn't aware of his new strength, and where a shake of the shoulders should have resulted in a bit of cursing and a sense of self-satisfaction for George, the result was horrifyingly different.
Damn. It was just a couple of tugs.
It wasn't like he was expecting to shake the fool's head clean off.
George stood dumbfounded on the front lawn of Jack's house, the man's severed head in his hands dripping blood and BBQ sauce. The remainder of the body lay twitching on the ground a few feet away, the arms and legs running like the last neurological impulses of a headless chicken before finally collapsing into an eerie stillness.
A low humming began behind him and George slowly turned to see Dolores, who had a fresh martini in her hand. She had staggered over to the stereo and was adjusting the controls. Pink Floyd disappeared and Henry Mancini took their place.
George absently took a bite out of the side of Frank's face, eyeing Dolores all the while. Beneath the hair and crunchy bits of skull, the grey matter within was especially sweet. The aching in his gut was finally appeased, and he hungrily chewed and bit into the rich sustenance with a vigour he once used to attack pistachio ice cream.
“It's just so nice that everything has stayed the same in the neighbourhood, just like they promised,” Dolores crooned. She downed her martini and toddled over to the BBQ the spatula in Frank's dead grip torn from it with effort, and bringing a couple of fingers with it. She flicked them off with a quick pinch of her thumb and forefinger. “I wonder if he has any hamburgers in his freezer? You remember the hamburgers we used to have back then, don't you, George? Thick and juicy, with lettuce and pickles and mustard and those nice, fluffy sesame seed buns you could get at Earl's Bakery. Those were lovely times.”
She regarded the carnage at her feet with a wistful understanding.
“Do you think he's still going to eat that steak?”

***

Dolores was an organized soul, he had to admit. With her martini freshly renewed, she had come back out to Jack's backyard with her hands encased in yellow kitchen gloves and a shop grade rubber apron. Before she had become an Osmosis investor, and long before she had been married, Dolores had worked in her father's butcher shop. Her dispatching of Jack was remarkably efficient. Arms and legs cut off, at the joints and then neatly packaged in brown paper. The torso was cut into steaks. The guts were properly emptied and dumped into a large metal garbage can for easy disposal. When she was finished, she clapped her hands, splattering blood across her pink forehead. 
“That takes care of that,” she said, and began hauling the little packages into her house. “Really, you can't expect a meat and potatoes generation like ours to live without the meat part. Such nonsense.” She heartily wiped a piece of human tissue from her cheek with the back of her hand, leaving a nasty read smear behind. “Say hello to Frankie for me when she gets home. My, but that poor woman works so hard. She should settle down and retire, that's what she needs to do. It's time to enjoy life.” She patted George sweetly on the shoulder and gave him a warm smile before going back into her house.
Henry Mancini was still playing in the background. The theme from the Pink Panther crept across the silent, green, overly manicured lawns like a pop jazz dirge. Frowning, George tossed the remains of Jack Morgan's head in front of his BBQ, bits of the man's teeth still stuck to George's palm. He wasn't hungry anymore, which was strange enough, but he had a sudden, new ability he hadn't counted on. With that physical need satisfied, the cloudy remnants of his mind were suddenly in clear focus. He couldn't understand why he had been so confused by the air conditioner, or how even the simple act of opening a door had taken such effort. It was all very strange.
While intellectually he could concede that it was indeed terrible that he'd made a meal of someone else's mind, there was an unmistakable rightness to the fact that he had regained his own.
He'd have to talk to Frankie about it when she got home.
Frankie.
Home.
The one-sided conversation Jack Morgan, Esq. had subjected George to now took on a new significance. He looked down at himself in disgust and knew he wasn't going to get any answers looking this gory. He'd go back in and take a cool shower and get changed into something worthy for battle. A suit and tie and rock solid argument were difficult to overcome. George had some questions, and the manager of that damn bank was going to let him pick his brains for an answer.
CHAPTER EIGHT: Meeting For Lunch

As has been said, George is a particular man, one who appreciates neatness and tidiness, virtues which followed him well into his undeath. His shower had been an adventure, the cold water shocking him awake and bringing his inert veins into a blue relief on the surface of his grey skin. The thought of warm water cascading over him actually made him nauseous, which was strange since he'd always enjoyed a good old-fashioned scorching scrub. It had been one of those tiny pleasures in life, emerging from a shower that left him as stung and red as a cooked lobster, a feeling of sanitized cleanliness hovering about him along with flower scented soap. 
It was a small point to brood upon, and he shook the ill feeling off, remembering there were far more important things at hand. Such as, which tie went best with this new, waxy grey hue of his skin? Not the purple, that felt too festive and the red gave off a certain sense of lack of refinement, not to mention highlighting the sallow undertones of his cheeks. He eventually settled on the grey, black and silver tie Frankie's sister had bought him for Christmas seven years ago. He blew a layer of dust off of the box it came in and took it out, still pristine and perfect, and tied it expertly around his collar.
He felt the image of a man suited up and ready for business, one who wasn't about to take any crap from some conniving suit across from him. He had to forget about the socks and shoes, since the dog's attack had left his feet too damaged for any kind of footwear, but as long as someone didn't inspect him for too long he figured the clean, well ironed trousers and white, starched shirt gave him enough of an air of suburban respectability.
The vague understanding that Frankie was supposed to be a part of this nagged at George, but he refused to dwell too long on it. The damn bank closed in the afternoon, no doubt so its manager could while the rest of his working hours on liquid lunches at the only bar still in operation. There was the understanding that Frankie had gone to work, though for what purpose he couldn't properly understand. They'd worked hard for others all their lives. 
Surely by now they were ready to retire and enjoy each other's company for a change?
He paused midway into tying his tie.
That awful ache was back again. He pinched the perfectly formed knot into place at his neck, grimacing into the mirror as he thought about how best to approach their monetary problem. He smoothed the tie over his chest then slid his stiff, jerky arms into a clean, dark blue suit jacket. The memory of what Jack had told him was still fresh enough, and he had clearly implicated the bank as being the source of all their woes. It was the bank's fault Frankie had to keep working, and it was their fault their beautiful neighbourhood was set to be destroyed. He'd show them the damned official paperwork that proved without a doubt that they owned this house and the land it sat on. He'd wave it under the incompetent bank manager's face and tell him if they tried to take his property they'd have to deal with George and the barrel of a rifle, and George had no intention of being on the receiving end.
He searched for the keys to the house, but they weren't in the usual spot near the side door, and there wasn't a spare on the nail hanging above the stove. He'd have to leave the door unlocked. The omission of shoes and socks didn't bother him, not even as he walked barefoot over the black asphalt on his driveway, the soles of his bare feet sizzling on the hot surface. Dolores was right, it was a beautiful summer day. Flies buzzed around him in a busy, decaying halo. With a deep intake of breath that sucked a few of them into his lungs, he journeyed on foot into the heart of downtown, to the bank, where George was damned well going to set things straight.
Monarch Banking was the only structure on the street that still retained all of its windows. The surrounding stores and the post office had an eerie ghost town quality to them, with windows smashed in and dusty, blood flecked products blowing aimlessly out into the street. The trash pooled in a windy eddy near the central clock tower, which was missing its long hand. The short hand pointed aimlessly between the fifth and sixth roman numerals, as though time itself had run out of breath and was too tired to go on.
There wasn't a soul on the main street, despite it being such a lovely day. As he took in the state of the dilapidated buildings and the broken bottles lining the sidewalks, George was sure he could see furtive faces in the stores' shadows. Fear crept along every crevice as consumers and owners alike hid like mice in their places of business. Well, to hell with that. George was no mouse, and that bank manager might have cowed these people but he wasn't about to deter this mission.
An Osmosis poster flapped in the breeze as he approached the bank, one corner curled over its warning message. 
As George passed it the corner flapped up, revealing a hungry member of the undead, the eyes bloodshot, the hands gory with a fresh kill. “Housing the undead is a criminal offence! Keep our streets clean and safe and free of human detritus! Only YOU can prevent accidental contamination!”
He opened the door to the bank and stepped in, the sense of abandonment as pervasive here as on the main street. A bleached blonde teller was the only other occupant in the room, and she eyed his entrance critically. She was unable to see he was barefoot from her place behind the counter and since he was clean and tidy, if a little pale, she felt nothing was amiss. “Can I help you, sir?”
George cleared his throat, which oddly came out like a sort of growl. He gestured to the bank manager's office, looking more bored than dead. She gave him a polite nod and made her way into the office, closing the door behind her. There was a mumbled argument behind the closed door, a drunken slurring voice over the teller's more high pitched reprimand. George distinctly heard: “Come on! Give us a tickle!” then a furious “Stop it!” followed by a hard slap. When the door opened, the teller looked considerably frazzled. “He'll see you now.”
“I told you, no one in my office. Cancel all my appointments.”
The teller turned and glared at the closed door. “He'll see you NOW.”
“Slave driving cow...”
George was quickly ushered into the office, but though he was offered a seat, he didn't take it. He couldn't be sure how easy it would be to get out of it again, what with the pain in his stomach and the stiffness of his joints. He stood before the bank manager who held both his and Frankie's life at his whim, this rumpled, drunken lout of a creature who looked as though he hadn't shaved or showered for days. George had a hard time hiding his displeasure. He'd spent all this time getting ready, making sure he was presentable and this guy couldn't even be arsed to make sure his buttons weren't missing. Damned disrespectful.
Without warning Mr. Parker, bank manager, grabbed George's hand and shook it eagerly. “Nice to meet you. Real nice.” His words were laced with hard edged whiskey. “Real nice. Those are cold hands. Real refreshing on a hot day like today.” He sat back in his chair in a partially conscious slouch and looked up at George as if he was the most interesting person he had met in his life. “People don't go to banks anymore. What do you want?”
George didn't waste any time. He produced the paper proving his and Frankie's ownership of their house. He felt smug as Mr. Parker, bank manager, read the contents over. Let him chew on the facts so he can drown his sorrows from them later.
Mr. Parker laughed.
He waved the piece of paper before him as though it were a discarded hankie. “Do you seriously think the words printed on this still matter? Are you honestly that dim?” Mr. Parker let out a long, cruel guffaw at George's expense. “Wait 'till I tell the boys down at the Lost Head Bar about this one! They aren't going to believe me!”
Angry with the lack of respect he'd been counting on, George snatched the mortgage agreement out of Mr. Parker's damp grip. The bank manager howled in mirth at George's fury. 
“Nothing on that scrap of paper is going to save you,” he assured George. He spread his arms wide, begging George to get a good look at his surroundings. The office was rife with wrinkled, discarded legal documents, broken laptops and dead, brown plants in mouldy pots. His desk was scuffed, the drawers were falling out. An empty bottle of rum rolled with depressing agreement across the floor, meeting a partner underneath the windowsill. 
“There is nothing left to own. Osmosis got it all. You can't fight the big boys, not when they're that big. If they want holding facilities here instead of a town, that's what they're going to get. They pretend they're going to give you some money, sure, they're good at that. But they are crafty sonsofbitches. They don't tell you they already have your town declared an emergency location just because the living population is only about fifteen hundred.” 
He tore open a drawer and pulled out a very large bottle of dark rum, which was mostly empty. “I understand your frustration. It ain't fair. I promised them I'd seize those properties—That's right, your house—and they promised me a house in the Caribbean. All that bother, all that paper and now I'm just as screwed as you.” He drank a deep swig from the bottle, nearly toppling from his chair as his neck craned to angle out that very last drop.
His gaze was unevenly focused on George, in much the same way Dolores had looked on him. “Your wife, she's working at that Happy place now, isn't she?” He let out a booze soaked laugh. “She's still forwarding me her paycheques thinking she's paying for the penalties on her house. It doesn't matter, not anymore. This whole place is going to be one big, stinking pile of undead manure and she's going to be stuck standing knee deep in it until she's lucky enough to drop dead herself!”
Mention of Frankie put George over the tipping point. He grabbed the bank manager, hoping to shake some sense into him, make him see reason.
Oh. Crap.
Damn.
He didn't mean it. It just kind of happened. George let out a frustrated sigh. Two decapitations—Accidental decapitations—in one day. Mr. Parker's eyes were rolled unnaturally towards the back of his head. He looked about ready to open up another bottle of booze.
George checked his watch. 1:00 p.m.
Might as well break for lunch.



CHAPTER NINE: Rogue

“Like roaches to the dark, they always head straight for the front door.”
Shirley's large arms were folded tight beneath her ample chest, holding up her twin boulders. Frankie stood meekly beside her, her purse still slung over her shoulder in the vain hope she could sneak home when the National Guard was called in to properly contain the place. The nagging feeling that something terrible may have happened at home continued to gnaw at her, with images of George lost and alone and losing all kinds of body parts playing havoc with her nerves.
“Are you all right, Ma'am?” the S.I.R. officer asked her.
“Of course she isn't!” Shirley hollered at him. “There's homicidal flesh eating freaks on the loose in there. I'd say that constitutes a bad day, am I right, Frankie?”
“Sure,” Frankie said.
The man who had introduced himself as S.I.R. Chuck Dickerson of Rogue Division scratched his chin and regarded the two women before him critically. Frankie felt nervous beneath his overly attentive gaze, his imposing physical presence suggesting this was not a person given to understanding the grey areas of right and wrong, especially when it pertained to already deceased loved ones. 
Frankie crossed her arms in a more protective stance than Shirley, keeping her head slightly bowed as she took in the size of his weapon. A National Guard issued 48th Class flamethrower, built to incinerate rogues at a distance of over forty feet. Trouble was, it also had a habit of burning up any civilians that might be in its way, thus, Frankie hoped S.I.R. Chuck Dickerson wasn't quick on the trigger.
“There's just a couple of things I need to write down for my report,” Dickerson said, ignoring Shirley's rolling eyes. 
“I don't see a need to call in the National Guard, I figure I can handle this one fine. What was the name of the fellow that got rendered?”
“It's your funeral,” Shirley said, ignoring the question. She shrugged and stepped away from the main entrance to allow him access. “But I ain't mopping up in there. You can tell your Osmosis bosses they can send the proper team in for that.”
"His name was Mr. Crone," Frankie quietly told him.
"What was his first name?"
"I...I don't know."
Shirley shouldered her way in. "It should be right there in his Osmosis file, so you can ask them when you get back to your fancy office. We got a high turnover here, we can't remember all those names."
Dickerson's sharp jaw clenched. “I don't work for Osmosis.”
“So you say,” Shirley said, unmoved. She nodded at Frankie. “Come on, we'll go down the road to Earl's Bakery and get us a cup of coffee.”
“I don't know,” Frankie fretted. She fumbled with her purse. “I don't think I have enough change and...well...I thought Earl was kind of crazy.”
“He is. Give him a penny, he won't know the difference, only that he believes you paid.”
“I was kind of hoping I could just go home. You know, to...to check on things.”
S.I.R. Chuck Dickerson glared at her through his dark sunglasses, making her feeling smaller and frailer than she already was. “My husband,” she stammered, wishing she could claw the words back into her mouth as she spoke them. “He's at home alone and...” She gave Dickerson a forced smile, one that made her nauseous. “We rarely get any time together, what with me working all the time.”
“Ain't that the damned truth,” Shirley tutted behind her. “Haven't seen my son in well on a year now. Doubt I'd recognize him. Work, work, work, all for what? So the dead can keep on marching. Damned shame it is. A real, nasty shame.”
Dickerson continued to glare at Frankie, making her convinced he knew her terrible secret. He stepped closer and she quickly moved behind Shirley, eyeing him between the large woman's shoulder and neck. Dickerson let out a low growl before opening the front door, the screams of the freed residents echoing across the near empty parking lot. They were silenced when the door swung shut behind him.
“Weirdo,” Shirley said. She ushered Frankie ahead of her. “Come on, girl, one coffee ain't going to kill you. You can get your George fix after. Piece of pie and a cup of hot joe. Does wonders for the uneasy soul.”

***

Rounding up stray undeads was not Chuck's idea of a productive morning. If it were up to him he'd simply let the residents run amok in the building until they finally devoured each other. Then he would burn the place to the ground and call it one small victory for human normalcy. That Amazon woman had a point. Here he was, operating on less than two hours sleep, pushing seventy years of age and he was still playing G.I. Joe with a pile of unthinking, animated corpses. Like that video game his kid used to play, the one he'd become proficient at himself. Couldn't remember the name of it, but he did recall the catch-phrase that signified winning or losing: Finish him!
Yeah, he was finished all right.
Being a S.I.R. was a cruel fate for a man who had been his town's counsellor and law enforcer for the last fifty odd years. This used to be a sleepy, gentle little place made up of bright green lawns, yellow and purple flowers and brilliant blue skies that stretched across infinity. The only murder he'd dealt with had happened over twenty years ago, and even then it was accidental, blows between two drunks, one heavy hand meeting a skull and the result was fatal. The murderer had blubbered all the way through the trial, begging them to give him the chair for doing in his best friend. He was the victim's only mourner. He got manslaughter and ten years, got out in five for good behaviour. The old soak ended up back on the bar bench that had started all the trouble, only now he was a quiet drunk.
Those were the days. Now his files and notes were thick with the maiming fury of the dead, their clammy hands ripping apart more innocent people than those who were supposed to spend their time on earth rotting in a local cemetery.
A shadowy movement caught the corner of his eye and Chuck let rip a steady stream of fire from his weapon, the shadow obliterated into screaming ash. One down. He narrowed his eyes behind his dark sunglasses, treading carefully across the periphery of the front reception desk. Rogue number two was going to be more cautious, and thus a bit more of a challenge.
The trouble with the dead was that they didn't have much left in the grey matter department. Impulses and brain stem needs were all they ran on, especially the older ones. So when a second rogue came charging after him from behind, Chuck was ready. He rolled across the reception desk, narrowly missing a clawing hand before he aimed and fired. The thing lit up like a living candle, which was as he expected. It howled and marched back and forth across the front window before finally falling into a heap of crackling bones and ash. Plenty of fat on that one. 
They feed them too well in this place.
He was about to pack up his flame-thrower when his cell phone went off. Another hysterical plea. Another scene of carnage.
“Shit,” Chuck said, and pocketed his cell phone, making a mental note to get to the bank before sundown. He thought about calling the two women back to work, to tell them the place had the all-clear. Instead, he figured he'd suffer the reprimand for the 'oversight'. Let them have a cup of coffee, and a bit of time at home. 
Time. There was so precious little of that left.

***

The discarded spinal column lying across the desk was the first clue that a terrible incident had occurred. That was what the blonde, weeping woman beside him kept calling it. “Such a terrible incident,” she wailed. “Mr. Parker was an awful boss and bank manager, but he didn't have to end up like this.”
With gloved hands Chuck picked up the gooey remnants of what had once been Mr. Parker's head. “You're certain this person, the one who did this, wasn't a rogue?”
“Of course not,” she said. Thick globs of mascara stained her wet, tear-streaked cheeks. With that red lipstick and her pale skin, she looks like a clown, Chuck thought. A vile, unwashed, undead clown. “He was so neat and prim, not a drop of anything nasty on him. He was calm and quiet, not rushing the place, his face all bloody, like the usual.” She wrung her thin hands, her clown mouth twisted with guilt. “I let him into the office. This is all my fault!”
It never ceased to amaze Chuck how often people reverted all tragedies to be extensions of their own suffering. It wasn't enough this guy had his head ripped clean off, he had to have his fate trumped by his employee's sense of guilt. Fighting the urge to roll his eyes, Chuck patted her lightly on the back, an act which released a loud of torrent of wailing, theatrical sobs.
“He was an asshole,” she said between choking tears.
“I'm sure he was,” Chuck comforted her. He gestured outside. “I think some fresh air might do you some good.”
She frowned, as though disappointed by this, as if the spectacle of her grief was more important than his investigation. She left the bank reluctantly, stepping over a dusty, broken chair and out the door into the pleasant sunshine, her blonde hair glowing like a halo as the bright light swallowed her.
Cursing softly to himself, Chuck began a thorough sweep of the scene. There was no question in his mind that a rogue was responsible for this mess, but the anomaly disturbed him. For instance, only the head had been attacked, and rogues were usually hard core scavengers, taking any meat they could be it alive or not. According to the teller, the shambling killer had calmly left the building after his bloody actions, leaving her untouched. Rogues attacked everything that came into their path, no picking or choosing.
This felt wrong. Chuck didn't like it.
Blood-soaked papers were strewn about the office, shards of glass and pieces of torn manila file folders laying on the floor. Many were stained with drips of booze and coffee, so it was safe to say this place was ransacked long before the undead rogue arrived. He kicked at the broken pens and framed documents that lay smashed on the floor. This place had ceased being a bank long ago. He'd seen this kind of thing before, when Earl was still running his bakery, and even now had a ramshackle coffee shop. Rotted buns and spoiled yeast stank up the place, but Earl was still going through the motions, pretending he still had a normal life. Some people didn't know what to do when it all started falling apart. Maybe he was the same. That Amazon woman accusing him of working for 
Osmosis was more right than he cared to admit.
A piece of paper outside of the office caught his attention, mostly because it was neat and cleanly folded, unlike the rest of the documents in the bank manager's office. Curious, Chuck picked it up and read it over. It was a bank mortgage, not an especially interesting read save for the address it was concerning.
The same address as for one of the workers at the Happy Restful. Frances or Freida something-something.
He wasn't sure what it meant, but his gut told him this was significant. He refolded the legal document and tucked it into the back pocket of his trousers. His beeper was going off, but he ignored it. A little visit to a certain suburban cul-de-sac felt infinitely more important.
CHAPTER TEN: Hawaiian Shirts

George had never been a man given to being sloppy and since bits of the former bank manager Mr. Parker were still stuck to his good suit jacket he figured it would be best to get spruced up before heading back home. The grey matter, otherwise known as Mr. Parker's brain, had settled very happily into George's stomach, giving him a feeling of renewed alertness and wellness that he hadn't experienced for a very long time. 
Granted, it would be rude to go around chomping on brains willy-nilly, and while he wasn't sure he figured there had to be some kind of civil law against that sort of thing. Certainly, walking around covered in someone else's guts had to be some kind of criminal act as well, maybe a nuisance call thanks to the foul smell. He felt bad for his good suit jacket, though he had to admit it was woefully out of fashion, the sleeves being too short and the lapels too narrow. So, thinking on this, and feeling as good as he was, George did what any man in his given situation would do.
He decided to pay a visit to his local tailor.
The front door of the store was off its hinges and the large display window had a massive hole in its centre, causing bits of silk ties to flap outward into the breeze. It wasn't the trim, clean shop he remembered it being all those years, but then again fashion changed and took on more and more ridiculous attributes. At least the name of the place was the same. In bold gold letters printed on a moulded frame of dark green. Eisner, Tailor. You didn't get more to the point than that.
He flicked a bit of Mr. Parker off of his shoulder. It wasn't that terrible a suit jacket, and maybe a good dry cleaning could make it worthy of hanging in his wardrobe again. While he was a neat and clean sort, it was rare he ever had an occasion to wear a suit, so buying another one was a frivolous expense. He'd buy something more casual for now, one of those silly Hawaiian shirts his sister's husband used to wear, and a pair of those khaki shorts. The sun was really beating down this afternoon, and he might as well dress for the weather. He wasn't sweating, which was odd, but instead there was this unpleasant, waxy feeling to his skin, like the soft parts of a melted candle.
He shuffled through the store, ignoring the small whimpers of terror emanating from behind the cashier's counter. 
The hangers squealed against the metal rungs as he sorted through various shirts, settling on a bright orange number that had brilliant large flowers and a sandy beach printed on its surface. He got a pair of the khaki shorts in his size and a new leather belt and, since the flies and filth were starting to irritate him, a pair of flip-flops to keep the bits of glass on the road from continuing to embed in his heels. He walked past the cashier's counter, the horrified whimpering causing him no strife as he headed for the employee washroom. He took a little promotional bar of Old Spice soap in with him.
When he was thoroughly scrubbed and cooled off in his new clothes, most remnants of Mr. Parker washed away, George emerged from the washroom in his new digs, a rather pale but happy corpse.
“What do we do? Oh, my God, what do we do?”
“Just be quiet, Helga. Don't let him hear us, for God's sake!”
George was a little miffed by this prejudice since it was obvious if he was going to make a meal of them he would have done so the minute he'd stepped into the store. He had patronized this shop for a long time and had come to know Helga and Martin Eisner well. They were hardworking people who had always done right by George and their other customers. Eating their brains wouldn't just be rude, it would be like chewing on family.
George hung his bloody suit jacket onto a hanger, being careful not to stain his new clothes. He rummaged in the inside pocket and took out a piece of blue, rectangular plastic. He laid it on the worn oak counter and hit the service bell.
“What does that mean?”
“I know well what it means,” Martin replied.
“Don't be a fool!”
“He's a paying customer.”
“He's going to rip us apart!”
“Don't be silly. He's using his debit card. He wants his Air Miles.”
Hesitantly, Martin Eisner rose from behind the counter. He gave George a terse smile before taking his bank card and running it through the cash register. “Lovely day,” he managed to say to George, his fingers trembling so badly he dropped the card twice. George gave a grunt of agreement.
The receipt was printed up and handed to him. “Have a good day, now. Don't forget that if you have any trouble with your purchase you have two weeks from now to bring it back for complimentary alterations.”
“You're stark raving mad, you stupid, stupid man!” Helga popped up from her hiding place behind the massive oak counter. “No returns!” she snapped at George. “None!”
George pocketed his receipt, briefly wondering if he should break his not eating past acquaintances rule. But despite her bravado, Helga Eisner was visibly shaking in terror. George sighed, and left the store, along with his stained suit jacket and tie and good dress pants. The white shirt he'd worn was tossed in the restroom dustbin. 
Some things were beyond repair.

***

He wasn't hungry per se, but it was more a feeling of habit that led him into the small grocery store, its produce over-ripe and rotting on the shelves. It was strange how everything seemed to be in such an advanced state of decay, an issue that Frankie had never brought to his attention. He dropped off his soiled clothes at the dry cleaners up the street and had earned a few bullets whizzing past his good ear as a result. The clothes hanging on the racks, ready for cleaning, were now grey rags that hung in ghostlike tatters on the line. How did anyone stay in business with everything as decrepit as it was?
He randomly grabbed a packet of Slim Jims and began snacking on them, wrapper and all. No one stopped him as he tossed them to the floor and ripped open a packet of marshmallows, wolfing down four of them before discarding them in an equal fashion. The grocery cart he pushed had a wonky wheel that squeaked loudly in the otherwise silent store. No muzak here, at least that he could be grateful for. He pushed the cart towards the back, where a light was still glowing and the thin outlines of shadows betrayed the suggestion that someone was employed here.
The sound of gently moving water caught his attention and he glanced to his left to see a large, 200 gallon fish tank crowded with pink life. Figuring it wouldn't be a terrible thing to add variety to one's diet, George reached into the tank and pulled out a large talipia, which he then devoured in two solid bites.
He'd never been much of a seafood eater, however, and he preferred the shining, red steaks displayed before him. But when he tried to pick up the mouth-watering slices of steaks he was shocked to find they were locked beneath a thick layer of .
“C-Can I help you, sir?”
The pale, pimply faced youth brandishing a semi-automatic weapon pointed at George's skull wasn't about to get a reprimand for poor customer service. George frowned, and pointed at the vast selection of meat under lock and key.
“That's top sirloin and unless you have thirteen hundred dollars in your pocket you're not getting one bite.” The youth cocked the gun.
Sheesh, kids these days. Give them an assistant manager position and all of a sudden they think they're that damned Clint Eastwood. You're lucky today, punk.
Still, it got George to thinking. They were supposed to be retired, but Frankie was still working, more than she ever had in her entire life. She was tired all the time, a certain forced cheerfulness in her voice that George knew masked her sadness. As he looked around the store and at the terrible state of their town in general, he marvelled at how effectively Frankie had shielded him from all of it. He'd spent the last few years of his life confined to a wheelchair thanks to a stroke, but she'd never voiced any sense of hardship towards his care. They'd both grown old with the ethos that you took care of those you loved, and if sacrifices had to be made, then so be it. He would have done the same for her. That was how things were supposed to be.
But there had been a profound change recently, and George knew it had come with his unwanted, but given, new lease on life. He had a vague memory of drifting off into a beautiful dream where he had found the most peaceful backyard he had ever seen, the smell of charcoal on the grill wafting into every pore of his being. All of it was wrenched cruelly from him when he awoke, the scent of something foul and sour thick in his sinus cavity. It was only recently that he realized that smell was himself, his blood pooling into his brain and spoiling in the humid confines of his bedroom.
That was why she kept the A/C running as high as she did. Why she scrubbed and cleaned like she was going to perform surgery in their kitchen, a bleached toil she took on the minute she came home from a long day at work. He stared down at the unbelievable price of bacon, a cost that would be difficult for two people to afford, but she was shouldering it alone. She was doing what she promised, taking care of him, making sacrifices and doing what she could. The whole business with the bank was hers, too. She worked all day and night trying to keep it together.
George spit out the rubbery fin he had been trying to chew. It landed with a bloodied splat onto the plexiglass enclosure. George had never been a man who just took what was handed to him. He deeply believed in the virtue of reciprocation. He handed the kid behind the counter his credit card and left the store.
He was going to give back all right, back to those Osmosis bastards who had made him this way. Damn straight. 
He was going to give back to their black hearts in spades.
CHAPTER ELEVEN: A Nice Neighbourhood

There was a saccharine sweetness to the neighbourhood that made Chuck's stomach lurch. He'd been a city kid himself, raised in the heart of downtown and part of its central life. Of course, it was a stretch calling it a city when it barely made the criteria to be a town, but the concept of suburban living hadn't caught on in the region of New Hope until the mid-sixties. That was when copycat blocks of houses were placed like carefully constructed Lego on rectangular patches of land, the streets constructed to be self-contained microcosms of perfection.
There were the usual small injections of discord, the little, ugly orange gnome placed centrally in one garden, an unkempt garage an unsightly eyesore for the neighbour across the lane. But these were small insurgences, their individual stamp obliterated by the overall monochrome scheme of the original planners. Chuck had always known the character of his town changed when these subdivisions moved in. A cold, invading sterility that none of them could fight.
His steps echoed as he walked down the centre of the neighbourhood street, confident no car was going to run him down. The eerie stillness belied a lack of life, but Chuck wasn't so sure. He could have sworn he'd seen a curtain fall to his right, the tiny shadow of fear in the periphery of the large picture window to his left.
Setting his jaw into its usual bulldog scowl, he headed for the house on his right, his knock heavy on the thin plywood door. He could hear some whispered murmurs behind it, so he whipped out his S.I.R. badge and hammered again. “This is S.I.R. Chuck Dickerson, Rogue Division. A word, please. I wouldn't want to have to break down this door.”
The lock meekly turned in the latch and the door was opened, revealing a slight, timid young woman in a blue nightgown. Her two year old son clutched at her knees behind her, his brown eyes wide as he looked up at the monolith that was Chuck. “Y-Yes?” the woman asked.
“I just have some questions about your neighbours.”
“I couldn't tell you anything, I don't know them.”
He glanced over her shoulder into the dark confines of her home. Square shadows littered the interior. “I see you've just moved in.”
“Moving out,” she corrected him. She gave him a meek shrug as her son hugged her knees tighter. “We all are.”
“Getting tired of the quiet life of a small town?” Chuck asked. “Seems everyone around here is keen on the city these days.”
“It's not like we had a choice.”
Chuck frowned. This was news to him. “How so?”
“Osmosis,” the young woman whispered. She glanced behind him as though fearful someone would overhear. “They gave us our eviction notices through the bank about a month ago. It's put my family in a real bind. We put all of our savings into buying this house.”
“They can't just evict you without compensation,” Chuck said.
“They did. We tried to fight it, but the bank wouldn't do anything about it. It's like everything now—You can't trust the ink on a piece of paper anymore.” She hugged her tiny son's shoulders tight. “We've got no choice but to go back to the city. It's going to be expensive and I don't know how we're going to survive. We came here because we thought the cost of living would be cheaper. A stupid dream, I guess.”
“That bank,” Chuck said, thinking. “It wouldn't happen to be Monarch Banking, would it?”
Her meek demeanour suddenly strengthened. “That crook of a bank manager left us with nothing. He conveniently 'lost' our mortgage agreement, and wouldn't acknowledge our copy. Look, I know who you work for. If you're here to collect more, you'll have to start stripping us of skin. We've got nothing.”
“Actually, I just wanted to ask about your neighbour, across from you here. On the left.” He narrowed his eyes at her. “You say you all tried to fight the evictions. Something tells me you knew your neighbours a little better than you say.”
She shifted where she stood, then shooed her son indoors, bidding him to go to the fridge and get himself a sandwich. “George and Frankie are good people. George was the only one on this block willing to take the bank to court for theft, but if you ask me it's a losing battle. Most people around here think he should just cut his losses and run like the rest of us.”
Chuck raised a brow. “But you don't,” he observed.
She folded her arms around herself protectively. “He's standing up for our rights. You don't get people like that in this world anymore, people with principles and integrity.” She eyed Chuck with haughty defiance. “People like George...Why are you asking questions about him? He's done nothing wrong, except try to set things right.”

***

There was no one home at George and Frankie's house, adding some credence to the idea that he wasn't a rogue as Chuck suspected, but a man bent on some old fashioned justice. He'd never known a rogue to have enough self awareness to dress up and arrange a meeting, nor were they ever this specific in who they decided to have for lunch.
He stood on the porch of their house, his gaze taking in the neat row of flowers along the front window and the precise arrangement of garbage cans at the side of the garage. Flies buzzed around them, three cans in all, and Chuck felt a sinking feeling in his gut over what those metal cans might contain. He stepped off the porch and made a move towards them.
“Lovely day, isn't it?”
He glanced over his shoulder to see a woman in her mid-sixties wearing a silk kimono and holding a martini glass. 
She made a wide gesture that encompassed the street. “It's so peaceful here. I couldn't imagine living anywhere else.”
“But you will be,” Chuck said, carefully. Something about her was off, he thought. “Osmosis has bought up this street and their ousting all of you.”
“Silly rumours.” She giggled and took a long sip of her martini. The way she swayed in front of him, Chuck feared she wasn't going to be able to stay upright for long. When she bent at too low an angle, he held out an arm to bob her back to standing. “People panic over the most ridiculous notions. I mean, it wasn't so long ago that we all thought the earth was going to burn up, or nuclear weapons were going to wipe everything out.”
“That could still happen,” Chuck informed her.
She gave him an impatient snort of derision. “As early investors, Osmosis has guaranteed our property is safe from future developments.” She finished off her martini in a couple of gulps. “Of course, they keep encouraging us to move to the city, because of its convenience. I'm not partial to that much traffic, myself. So, they keep calling and sending us forms, telling us they'll pay for the move and as primary investors we get our pick of the condominiums. But really,” she gestured towards her house where a thin plume of smoke rose from her backyard. “How can I give up all of this?”
“Is that a BBQ?” Chuck asked.
“Absolutely,” she preened. Then, remembering her manners. “You will, of course, stay for a bite?” She smiled sweetly. “Hot, fresh hamburgers, with all the fixings. Just the way you like them.”
He was sorely tempted. Every taste-bud in his mouth salivated at the thought of a rich, juicy burger topped with cheese, lettuce, onions and pickles. He was ready to agree to her offer, maybe even indulge in a cold beer, but his beeper went off, destroying all hope. He growled and picked it out of his pocket with annoyance. “Sorry, Ma'am. Some other time.”
“Absolutely,” she grinned.

***

Chuck hated every moment of his job. The pimple-faced kid before him had all the battle weary emotional scars of a boy who had gone through a few tours of duty, a torture Chuck knew wasn't supposed to be visiting the fine folks of New Hope. The kid's eyes darted back and forth, his tongue rolling over dry lips in nervous agitation as he spoke. 
“He ate a fish,” he said.
Chuck raised a brow. “A fish?”
“Yeah. Took it right out of the tank and ate it whole.” The kid wiped his nose with the back of his hand. “Well, all except for that part.” He pointed to the rubbery tail fin stuck to the meat counter's plexiglass. Chuck poked at it with the tip of his pen.
“Why do you think he spit it out?”
“I dunno. Didn't like it, I guess.” The kid's tongue darted out, licking at the droplets falling from his nose. “You know what's weird? The freak just pointed at the meat, and then looked at the prices. I swear, if I didn't know any better, I'd say he was complaining about how expensive it all is.”
Chuck pulled out his notepad. “Describe him again for me.”
“Like I told you, tall, pale, one ear missing. He was wearing one of those loud Hawaiian shirts and a pair of Bermuda shorts.”
Chuck scratched the side of his head with the cap of the pen. “Anything else?”
“Yeah. Flip-flops. But there was something wrong with them, like they didn't have enough foot to hold them on right.”
“Got it,” Chuck said, making a note and putting his book into his pocket. “Thanks for being a good citizen.”
The kid spat on the floor. “Don't give me that shit. One of those rogues that got free of the Happy Restful a year ago ate my parents. I'm not going home and having that loose one follow me to get a good munching. It's about self-preservation, asshole. Nothing else.”
Chuck stepped out of the grocery store with a profound sense of relief. The kid's story was so common now, it was expected that a rogue would take out a family member at some point in one's lifetime. Maybe it was just harder for him to accept because of his age, and he'd known better times. Like that crazy woman, George's neighbour, who seemed live in some martini/drug induced version of nirvana. Maybe that's the only way they could get there now that Dr. Osmosis had sapped away the power of heavenly hope with his enzyme.
He'd seen the odd corpse or two during his time as a cop. Traffic accidents had been the main cause in this region, and the mangled, torn up bodies twisted around metal had been blissfully unaware of their state. Not so these animated monsters that only pretended to have the shapes of human beings. If there was one thing Chuck knew, it was that death afforded a certain lack of suffering.
But Dr. Osmosis had obliterated that hope, as was evidenced by the rogues themselves. Always hungry, always feasting on whatever disgusting flesh they could find, always angry, raging against this prolonged life they didn't want. In the housing facilities they tore at each other with rabid voracity, their fingers, if they had them, buried deep in their fellow fiend's tissue. The pounds of meat they were fed every day only held that rage back for a few hours at a time. Then it would build again, and more would have to be thrown into the arena, the putrid stench of rotting blood wafting from the facility and over the town like a cloud of toxic gas.
The one fact Chuck could count on to be true was that the tranquilized versions of these monsters that the families visited were images of fantasy. Damn if he wasn't getting sick and tired of cleaning their ugly reality up.
CHAPTER TWELVE: A Crossed Line

The buns she'd eaten at Earl's Bakery and Coffee Stop sat ill in Frankie's stomach. She'd wanted to leave, but it became clear that Shirley had other plans, the bulk of which involved her complaining about her son and his new wife. “It's not like I don't like the girl,” Shirley qualified. “I'm just seeing this whole lack of baby thing as a personal assault. I know it's unreasonable, but you go through your whole life with this expectation of passing your torch along. Then, wham! Just like that, it's all over, and millions of years of programmed genetic understanding is wiped clean out.” 
She dunked a doughnut into her coffee, its powdery surface leaving a cloud in the black brew. “Can't even get cream for my coffee any more, let alone a grandbaby. I had years of wishing, envisioning myself bouncing a little bundle on my lap and watching the poopy little thing giggle. I don't know, I guess it's all getting to me. You're right, it ain't her fault. It's all about work these days. Work, work, work for nothing.”
was about to go on further, a tirade that Frankie knew well. Frankie's patience was running out and it was all she could do to sit there and listen, but if Shirley was going to start her complaining from the beginning again—as she often did—that would be it. She'd stand up, politely make her leave and hurry home like she was on fire. She had to check up on George. Something was wrong, she could feel it in her gut, a psychic homing device that told her disaster was on its way. It wasn't just the stupid bagel bun she'd eaten that was making her sick, it was the lurking knowledge that George could just as easily turn into those hungry monsters that ate the night watchman and sent the two night girls screaming from the building. Frankie didn't want to admit it to Shirley, but she knew if it was her, her feet wouldn't be able to carry herself away from the godforsaken place fast enough.
Shirley's beeper started blaring and Frankie felt her heart sink. Shirley gave the beeper a cursory glance before turning it off. She tapped at her mug of coffee for a refill. “Give me this one to go, Earl,” she said. “Looks like they're finished back at the facility.”
“Already?” Frankie asked, doubtful. “But there were three of them, weren't there?”
“I guess our friend S.I.R. Chuck is real efficient. Stupid bastard. I could have used an afternoon off.”
“But I need to go home,” Frankie protested.
“Don't we all,” Shirley snorted.

***

The day's problems hadn't ended yet, and Frankie was starting to wonder if this had all been masterminded in some way to drive her to complete madness. They couldn't possibly be expecting them to work in these conditions, not with the blood still freshly dripping off the reception counter and bits of the nightwatchman strewn into the corners. “Where's the clean up crew?” Frankie asked as they stepped into the facility, the sleeve of her sweater held tight against her nose. 
Larry sauntered into view from around a dark corner. His eyes were bloodshot, his back bent from exhaustion. He held a dripping red mop in his hand. Terrible as it was to think, to Frankie he looked as much a corpse as the ones they fed every day. “Cleaning crew? You're looking at it,” he said. He tossed them both a damp rag each.
Shirley was incensed. “They can't get away with this.” She let the rag drop to the floor, where it landed with a wet splash into a puddle of congealing blood. “I ain't doing it.”
“Osmosis will fire you,” Larry reminded her.
“Well fuck Osmosis and fuck this.” She crossed her arms across her equally wide chest. “It's bad enough to have to take the risk every day of getting torn apart and eaten, now they want us mopping up our friends and co-workers. They got no soul, those bastards, and I'm not doing their dirty work for them any more. One of their precious CEOs can come in here and clean up. See if they can handle all the blood and guts seeing as how they want us wallowing knee deep in it.”
Larry didn't protest. He kept his head bowed, his eyes averted from them both as he spoke. “I can't do this no more, neither. I don't know how I'm going to live without a job, but this is just plain inhuman. I'm walking away from it. I'm done.”
“Don't be a fool!” Shirley shouted, panic-stricken. “You can't leave me and Frankie alone with this mess! Besides, much as I flap my gums, we all need a paycheque. Come on, a bit of elbow grease and we'll be finished in no time.” She gave Larry's depressed demeanour an impatient sigh. “Look, no one wanted this, but I got a son and his wife to think of and I have to have hope for the future. If the time comes when they want children, I want to be able to support them any way I can. We've all got things we have to pay for, Larry. We're all in the same trap.”
“You don't get it,” Larry said, shaking his head. “You don't get how far into Hell we've gone.”
There was a deep sadness in his voice, something Frankie had never expected would come from Larry, who always seemed to find a positive edge on even the worst scenarios. Despite his complaining, he'd always been a tough guy. Maybe that issue with Mr. Crone nearly tearing him apart had gotten to him, or it could be that losing his friend bit into him, especially since he was the one who was supposed to have worked the shift. Frankie herself would have felt an unbearable level of guilt. “Maybe you should just go home for the rest of the day and think about things,” Frankie quietly suggested. “Settle your mind down a little.”
“My mind ain't never gonna be settled ever again,” Larry confessed. He dug his hands deep into the pockets of his blue coveralls. He wouldn't meet Shirley's stern gaze. “We got a new admission. You better watch what you're wishing for, Shirley. You know as well I do there ain't no bundles of joy out there any more.”

***

Frankie threw up into the nearby sink, bad buns and coffee fully expelled. She rinsed it out, ensuring there was no evidence of her weakness in the large, stainless steel basin, the plug placed back where she found it. She washed her pale face with hot water, but the air in the room was so thick with formaldehyde it had permeated her skin. Her palms stank of it, her tongue tasting its alcohol bitterness.
The new admission was still in its cage. Elderly parents, husbands, wives, it was still reprehensible they were housed here but somehow it was easy to separate their living existence from their death. They'd been human, for an extended period of time in some cases. All that was keeping them animated was the selfish, fashionable notion that death was uncouth and only civilized people artificially prolonged life.
Frankie held her sleeve at her mouth, holding in her disgust. The thing crawled around on all fours in the cage, growling and gnashing its gums at them, its blue eyes bloodshot and raging with unnatural fury.
“A fucking baby,” Shirley spat. “They brought us a fucking baby.”
“He looks more like a toddler,” Frankie said, trying to bring the horrible facts into focus. “About two. Maybe even three years old.”
“Two years old is a fucking baby,” Shirley reiterated. She shook her head, the horror of it translating into rage. 
“This thing ain't coming in here.”
“What happened?” Frankie asked a pale Larry, who was still holding the file containing the new admission's background information.
“Fell into a pool,” Larry said. He shuddered. “Puffed up like a piece of water-logged rice, that's why his skin is so purple and bloated.”
“Damn him to hell,” Shirley growled.
“It's not the baby's fault,” Frankie said.
“You're damned right it isn't!” Shirley paced in front of the cage, her face red hot with rage. “It's that bastard Osmosis ass who sold the parents on the idea. I know what happened, some Osmosis CEO saw a couple of people out of their minds with grief and took advantage of them. If the mother of this thing weren't half crazy with sorrow before this, she's a full blown psychotic by now.”
The baby snapped at Shirley as she walked too close to it. Larry tossed it a piece of rancid raw meat and it tore into it, its gums strangely effective in rendering muscle and tissue. “Oh God, that's too nasty.”
“How can they let an Osmosis CEO get away with this?” Frankie asked. She shrank from the thing in horror as it tried to claw at her, its chubby arm stuck in the metal rungs of the cage.
“Why do they do it at all? For the money, Frankie. For the power that goes with it. Who cares how people live or die so long as those on top get to enjoy the spoils. But even they won't be able to survive for long, not with these things rising up and becoming the bigger portion.”
“How could a parent do this to their kid?” Larry said, aghast. “I know you're blaming it on grief and all, but how could it ever cross someone's mind that this is better than being dead?”
“Nobody wants to think of the down side of eternal life,” Shirley said. “It's bullshit to think we as a species fall back on nature. Nah, we're made to alter it, to change it and call what we do good even if it's obvious it don't work. We wage wars, we spread disease, we keep dead babies in padlocked prams. Do you think at the time, humanity as a whole even considered these to be bad things? No, my friend, we are all about the retrospect. Moaning and crying over our foolishness when it's too damned late.” Shirley fiercely bit her bottom lip. “I feel for them parents, I really do. That poor mother made the wrong decision and she knows it. It's a real cruel thing to do to a vulnerable person, offering hope where there is none.”
Frankie dubiously eyed the thing in its cage. “What do we do?”
“What can we do?” Larry said. “We have to take care of it.”
“Like hell we will,” Shirley darkly replied. She kicked the cage across the floor towards Larry, the thing inside of it screaming in fury. “Put it in the arena.”
“I can't do that!” Larry exclaimed. “The others will rip it to pieces!”
“So?”
Shirley's attitude shocked Frankie. “It's a baby, Shirley. You got to have a heart..”
“Do you know what babies are, Frankie?” Shirley railed at her. “They're hope for a new life. A new little beginning, smelling of arrowroot and promise. You tell me, does that bloated piece of purple rot look like it wants to bring hope into this world?”
Frankie reluctantly watched as the baby mowed down on its own arm, chewing through it until it released itself from the side of the cage. The dismembered arm dangled like a doll's between the bars. The fingers had already been chewed off.
Tears stung Frankie's eyes. Larry put an understanding arm around her shoulders. “I know,” he said to her, softly. 
“This is all kinds of fucked up. Truth is, I want to cry myself. And I do. Every night when I go home and my head hits the pillow. I cry and cry and some nights it feels like it ain't never gonna stop.”
“I need to be with George,” Frankie said.
“You're right,” Shirley said, her sudden resolve unbending. “We all need to be with those we love. I say it's time we got back to them.”
“And how we gonna do that?” Larry asked, rolling his eyes. “By torching the building?”
Shirley's steady glare pinned him in place.
“Well I'll be damned,” she said. “Finally, the man shows he has some sense.”
CHAPTER THIRTEEN: Boom

“He's always been a good customer. I guess some habits are more difficult to break than others, and that includes good manners. Never used credit a day in his life. We should all be so disciplined.”
Mr. Eisner and his wife were a united front against Chuck, who was starting to wonder if an undead rogue could be considered for sainthood or if their unnatural eternal life banned them from the list. He pretended to concentrate on his notes, a difficult feat with the watchful eye of Helga Eisner staring a hole through him.
“Do you always do that?” she asked.
“Do what?”
“Fiddle with nonsense instead of paying attention to the real problem?” He hated the way her tough jaw jutted out far wider than his own, her thick lips pursed in an expression of deep disappointment. She had a slight Austrian accent, one tempered by living here for many years. “You must have better things to do than bothering elderly business people, us hardworking people.”
“People like George,” Chuck added.
She was angry now. “Yes, people like George. Why are you bothering with him? He hasn't done anything that wasn't expected, he paid for his purchase and he left peacefully. No problems here.”
Chuck wasn't sure how to react to this deep a level of denial, a reaction he had seen before but nevertheless always caused a jolt of disquiet within him. “He's a rogue, almost fully intact, and that means he has the ability to rip you apart and eat you piece by piece. He's extremely dangerous.”
Helga scoffed at this. “He is not. He is George.”
“He ripped the head off of the bank manger, one Mr. Parker.”
“Bah, I would have done that myself given half the chance. He bankrupted us after conveniently losing our lease agreement on this place. Sold it out from under us, the greedy bastard.”
“Helga is very angry,” Mr. Eisner interjected. He gave his wife a meek, but scolding, glance. “It is not nice to swear, dear.”
“I cannot help it. That Mr. Parker was an evil man.” She rummaged through the drawers of the large cashier's desk, small smatterings of German leaving her lips, the translation no less ear burning. She pulled out a small pile of papers and gave them to Chuck. “Not that it ever mattered to them, but George wanted to keep a record of what was going on. This is his work, and he had us keep it here, for safety's sake. He was always worried some bastard from Osmosis would get a hold of it.”
“Helga, my dearest, language, please.”
“Leck mich am Arsch!”
Chuck took the papers from her and quickly scanned the lists of names written neatly in rows of threes. The whole town, save for himself, seemed to have signed it. He read the first paragraph and gleaned that it was a petition to have the Happy Restful Afterlife Home shut down and have Osmosis Inc. banned from the region due to illegal, strong-armed tactics against the town's citizens. 'There is a pronounced lack of concern for our safety and continued well being' was one quote. 
He frowned as he took it all in, seeing Helga and Martin Eisner's names near the top, along with the grocery clerk's parents and the fortified dry cleaner known only as Mr. McDoogle. Chuck had never been approached, and though it really didn't have anything to do with him since no one was threatening to wrench his livelihood and home out from under him, he couldn't help but feel hurt.
“Why wasn't I told of this?” he snapped at them.
Martin Eisner held his head high. “Because you work for them.”
“How many times do I have to tell you people, I don't work for Osmosis. I'm just here to pick up stray, dangerous rogues before they go around eating living people.” He tossed the petition onto the counter. “Besides, no one cares about this kind of thing. A bunch of names written on paper means nothing.”
“That's what George and Helga figured,” Martin Eisner said, nodding. “Which is why we started stockpiling the armoury.”
“A private army,” Helga further explained.
Martin gestured to the inside of his ruined shop, his helplessness plain. “We have lived in this town since we moved here back in 1959. We can't give it up because someone has a mind to turn us into a strip mall of death. This is our shop, this is our lives. We aren't ready to head into the grave just yet.”
Nein,” Helga agreed, and pulled a large, semi-automatic rifle out from underneath the cashier's counter, its barrel pointed expertly at Chuck's chest. “We have a right to protect our home.”
Considering that protection included blowing a lawman to bits, Chuck wasn't so sure he agreed. “I suppose you think this is a good idea, but the facts are, Osmosis has a lot more going for them in the weapons department. They practically own the National Guard and you know they aren't above torching this whole town and starting from scratch.”
“Oh, look, the scary man is threatening us,” Helga said, sarcastic. “Torching this town...Open your eyes. What do you think they have been doing all this time?” She pressed the barrel of the gun harshly against his chest. “They want to prolong our suffering, give us an agonizing death as they squeeze every drop of money and resources out of us. But no, we say there is a limit. We have lived here too long, and we will not be relocated while they replace our once happy lives with their rotting abominations.”
Chuck held up his hands, searching his mind for any clue as to what to do in this sort of situation. Being a small town Sheriff had certain perks, one of which was the profound unlikelihood of ever being held hostage at gunpoint by a revolutionary tailor shop owner in her eighties. 
In her eighties. He was pushing away from seventy himself. Every second that ticked by was a gift.
He lowered his arms and sighed. “Aw hell, I'm too old for this shit. And much as I got a duty to arrest you for threatening an officer of the law, I'm guessing no one is going to care if I let it slide.” He glared at Martin Eisner. “I'm still sore you didn't tell me about the petition. I would have signed it.”
Eisner took out a handkerchief and dabbed his watery eyes with it. “You would have been fired.”
“I don't work for Osmosis.”
“You don't know who you work for, S.I.R. Dickerson. That is a problem.”
Chuck tried to move away from Helga, but she kept the barrel of the semi-automatic pinned to his chest. “It would be kind of nice if you lowered that weapon there, Helga. That thing packs a wallop, and I wouldn't want to have to plug up the holes you put in me with strips of your sweaters.”
“They're on sale,” Martin Eisner proudly announced. “$9.99.”
Chuck was about to add that as an officer of the law, he had every right to read them their rights in advance before the National Guard trucks rolled into town, which was set to happen thanks to his panic button on his beeper. 
Instead, he cocked his head to one side. “The wool ones?”
“Imported from Scotland.”
“Well I'll be damned. That's one hell of a good deal.”
“I know what you are thinking,” Helga said to him. “You think we are weak and that Osmosis will bring in their weapons and take us out easily. This is true.”
Chuck couldn't understand. “Then why risk it? The National Guard is going to kill you.”
“All the better for us,” Helga calmly stated. “No one wants to live forever.”
The tense standoff between them was broken by the sudden intrusion of the young man from the grocery store. He didn't notice the deadly scene of Chuck being held prisoner by a chubby, firm Helga. “It's beginning!” he shouted. 
“Come, quick!”
“What do you mean?” Helga asked, ever suspicious. She glared at Chuck, convinced he was the instigator. His minutes alive were certainly numbered. “Have they brought in the tanks already?”
“It's the Happy Restful!” the youth happily exclaimed. “It's on fire!”

***

His feet were much more comfortable in flip-flops, even if they were hard to keep on with most of his toes missing. The quicker thinking George of the past would have gone to the local hardware store, owned by his old friend Joe Harding, and he would have picked up a roll of duct tape to fix the sandals on properly. He would have been surprised to see the hardware store, and his friend, were long gone, the store reduced to a few bricks and rusted steel support beams. But even with the ingestion of a couple of brains George was still having trouble in the reasoning department. There were still huge gaps in his understanding, such as how and why he was still walking around, hungry and dead. He had figured out that this was an unnatural, artificial injection of human suffering, one which even in this foggy state he didn't appreciate. He'd always banked on a hereafter, or at least a long, never-ending sleep. Either one was a bonus, in his view. Wasn't that the whole point of death? 'He isn't suffering any more.' Wasn't that the cliché said a million times a day, at every funeral across the globe?
He had an idea the problem had to do with a corporate entity known as Osmosis, and he figured he knew where their headquarters were. Frankie worked there every day, so he had that memory plastered deep into his consciousness. The street leading to the Happy Restful Afterlife Home was a mess of potholes and sandy ditches. He had to tread carefully and slowly lest his poorly fitted sandals fell off and he went tumbling after them. The last thing he needed to do was show up in their office with his face literally caved in. He didn't figure they would listen to a man whose nose was flattened behind his cheek.
The hot day was getting hotter. The waxy feeling on his skin was getting worse, and the flies were now a thick blanket around him. He brushed them off his neck, and wriggling maggots slipped off the ends of his fingers. He was rotting away on his feet. He'd have to wash up again first.
Hot, hot, hot summer afternoon. Sure, he didn't have the actual cravings left, but the memory of a cold beer and his backyard made him wish he could slake a thirst he didn't feel.
Damn. It was hot.
The sound of sirens greeted him as he made his way into the Happy Restful parking lot. He turned to see several white vans suddenly park a good distance away from him, the officers of the National Guard hurrying out of the back, their large weapons drawn and trained on him. He was watching them, confused, when he tripped over a plastic red gas can, righting himself before he fell. Damn, that was close. He would have cracked his head open like a watermelon if he went down too hard.
He picked up the can, which was half full. Blearily blinking into the white hot sunlight, he glanced towards the Happy Restful, wondering if Frankie was on her break.
“Get him darted!” a helmeted guard shouted to his team. “Osmosis wants him animated!”
George scratched the back of his head. Bits of his scalp fell off, revealing the white bone of his skull. What's all the commotion? he wanted to ask. He'd just come here to meet his wife for lunch.
The weapons were poised, the darts ready to meet their target.
Was that Frankie? He couldn't see very well, it was like someone had placed a cotton sheet in front of his eyes. It seemed like her shape, kind of short and stout, an unexpected strength beneath the unimposing exterior. Yes, that was her.
He headed towards her, keen on giving her a friendly peck on the cheek and the reassurance that all was well concerning the house. He wasn't sure what was fixed that was broken--he had some vague memory about visiting a bank--but the happy feeling in his heart said he knew all their worries were over.
He inched closer. It was hard to walk in these shoes. Her co-worker (Larry, was that his name? Like one of the Three Stooges) stumbled backwards and tripped over a red plastic can. A large piece of pipe hit the metal of the front door.
He turned around, still wondering what all the commotion was and why were there so many police hanging around here? This was no place for Frankie, she gets jumpy when the toaster pops too loud.
Behind George, the Happy Restful Afterlife Home exploded into a ball of black ash and orange flames.
CHAPTER FOURTEEN: Revolution Evolution

twenty minutes earlier...

Selfish as it was, Frankie couldn't help but wring her hands as she watched Shirley and Larry get to work. They'd poured a dozen or so red cans of gasoline in a wide circle around the arena, using the paths they'd trudge as they threw rancid meat into the throng. "We're going to go to prison for this," Frankie insisted. "I really can't afford to do that, not with George at home and him being so sick."
"We all got sacrifices we got to make," Shirley gruffly replied. "Now pick up a can and start pouring it into the centre. Larry, watch it, will you, you missed a crucial spot, right there!"
"You're a pyrotechnics expert now?" Larry chided her.
"Just do what I tell you."
There was no need for Shirley to nag him, for Larry was fully immersed in the process, heaving can after can of gasoline over the arena rails and raining it down on the ugly, gnashing populace below. Gasoline soaked into empty eye sockets, gaping mouths tasting and swallowing the foul poison, teeth grinding over it as though it were actual food. The gasoline seeped out of the holes in their skin, the rancid blood at their feet now a rainbow tinted sludge. Larry emptied a can and drop kicked it into the arena, a distinct "Yeehaw!" bringing with it a macabre sense of satisfaction.
Shirley was more methodical, pouring the gas carefully in thin lines along the walkway as she evenly distributed it along the various support posts lining the arena. "We ain't going to prison," Shirley said, confident. "This here's about a revolution, and when you wage a war it means you're already too desperate to care about a law that don't serve to protect you anyway."
"I don't understand, what war are you talking about?" Frankie could feel the panic rising within her like a black cloud. The looming wish that all could have remained calm and predictable lay like a thick, impenetrable blanket over her consciousness. "This is just an act of vandalism. This isn't a war. It's just a disgruntled employees union meeting, that's all this is."
Shirley grabbed Frankie roughly by the shoulders, her strong fingers digging deep into the crook of her neck. Frankie howled in shocked pain and tried to wrench herself free, but this only made Shirley dig in harder. She could feel the thick pad of her co-worker's thumb crushing against her clavicle. 
"Wake up, girl!"
"Shirley, for God's sake.."
"They steal your home, the one you and George worked so hard for all those years, they force you to work fifteen hours and more a day, they destroy your will to live, and you think this isn't a revolution? You think we aren't at war? What fantasy life are you living? Frankie, we got a right to live just as much as we got a right to die!" She thrust a red plastic can into Frankie's trembling hands. "This has to be done."
"Shirley, I..."
"No ifs, no buts. This is what taking action looks like. I'm sure as hell not letting anyone walk over me and take away what I've worked so hard to achieve in my life, and you shouldn't be so easy to push over either. You keep going on about George, and how hard it all is. Well, get ready, because if you don't do anything now, and here, and make your splash, I'm telling you things will get so hard to live through you could cut diamonds with your toughened soul!"
"You're right, Shirley, but..." Frankie meekly peered up at her co-worker, fearful of Shirley's iron grip. "It's about George..."
"I don't know what you're so worried about," Shirley sniffed in indignation. "They'll be so busy putting out this fire and calculating their losses in undead revenue they won't notice us all slipping away. You can go home to your husband and pretend you had a sick day. I figure we got two to three days before they figure out it was arson and the suspicion starts to grow on us. If we're real lucky and play it right they won't be able to tell who is an undead freak and who is an employee. They'll assume we all burnt up crispy like the lot of them, and they'll be keen to believe that, too. Lawsuits are messy, and payouts are expensive. We'll be in the clear, and this town will have a new life to it, one that doesn't eat rancid pig guts and rendered human flesh."
"George died a few days ago." Frankie blinked back tears, hating the stunned way Shirley was looking at her, her grip on the gas can tightening. "He died. Then he woke up."
Larry paused in mid-throw of a gasoline can, the uneven action nearly pulling him over the rails. Shirley caught him before he fell into the arena, his pants pulled in a tight wedgie as she hauled him back onto the safety of the employee path. He backed away from them both, his blue rubber boots slipping in gasoline. "Did she just say what I thought she said?"
"Pay her no mind," Shirley ordered him. "Frankie's just in a bit of shock, that's all. Ain't no way she'd do that to George, sneaking him an everlasting Hell like that."
"That isn't how it happened," Frankie insisted. "He was supposed to stay dead, but he woke up, like usual." She wrung her hands inside of the sleeve of her cardigan, worry, fear and terror mingled in the twisting of her fingers against the wool. "I'm so scared. He's not quite George, but he's not quite one of them, either. He's quiet most of the time, he's never gone after me, and he even sleeps sometimes, or pretends to sleep. It's probably because of his routine." She took a deep breath, trying to get her bearings. "I guess he's just kind of stuck, you know? He's doing all the things he did when he was alive, only a little slower. In a way, it's like nothing has changed, except of course for his diet, and the way his ear fell off. That was kind of different."
Shirley glared at her, dumbfounded. "George went rogue?"
"And you're still alive?" Larry added.
Shirley sat on the edge of the railing, her wide arms crossed over her equally wide chest. "You can't be keeping him like that. It's not like he's some pet, he'll get all wolverine on you the second your back is turned. Not to mention how keen those Osmosis bastards will want to corral him up and take him off to one of their holding cells for research..."
"Don't even suggest that," Frankie said, horrified at the notion.
"Maybe they don't need to find out," Shirley said, hopeful. "You said he hasn't changed any since he, well, stopped living?"
"No change at all," Frankie eagerly agreed. "Just..He eats his bacon raw now. When I can afford bacon, that is."
"If that's the case, him being tucked away at home makes it easy." Shirley gave Larry a knowing look. "We're going to have to take him out. We'll go to your house and pick him up and bring him back out here. It'll be risky, but if we're quick about it, we can have this whole place and George in it burnt to the ground in less than two hours."
"But..." Frankie wanted to argue, but an unbidden image of Mrs. Crone and her inability to admit defeat came into her mind. She could easily see herself in the old woman, a frail, trembling creature clinging to a man who was no longer alive and who hadn't a shred of human left to him. No, she didn't want that for herself, or for George. Barbaric as it seemed, Shirley was right. It wasn't just nature that made it happen, every human being had a duty to die, just like everything else on this planet. Live, die, something else lives. The very soil humanity walks upon is built up from death. Digging into a flowerbed means digging into bones.
"I'll do it," Frankie said, determined. "I'll go home and get him."
"I don't think you will," Larry said.
"Don't be an ass, Larry, I know Frankie's good on her word."
"That's not got anything to do with it," Larry said. He nodded at the front reception desk, the large picture window clean and glistening after its overnight carnage had been scrubbed away. In the bright sunlight, making a beeline for the front door, was George. 
"Oh, my God," Frankie said, her hand clasped tight against her mouth.
"I'd say," Shirley agreed. "That's the first time I ever seen one of them actually remember to seek out their family. You sure he's dead?"
George shook the sweat from his fingers and his thumb fell off with a wet plop onto the parking lot tarmac.
"Okay, that there's a confirmation," Shirley said. 
"This is all wrong," Frankie said, horror evident in her voice. "I didn't--He wasn't wearing that shirt, or those shorts this morning. What's wrong with his feet?"
"Extremities are always the first to go," Larry said in a vain attempt to be helpful. Both Shirley and Frankie glared back at him.
"It's just a fact."
"What am I going to do?" Frankie cried.
"Don't panic, we can deal with this." Shirley peered past Frankie's shoulder, the ambling, shuffling form of George making his way slowly across the parking lot a pitiable sight. She pushed Frankie forward gently, and with a nod to Larry they made their way out of the Happy Restful Afterlife Home, leaving the moaning hordes and their gasoline soaked bodies behind.
"He looks terrible," Frankie said to Larry as they left the building, the heat from the afternoon sun hitting them in a humid back draft.
"At least you don't have to go home," Larry said, shrugging. He turned to Shirley for his cue. "So, how do we get him inside?"
"He's shuffling in on his own, I don't think we have to do anything," Shirley said.
"Poor George." Frankie wrung her hands tight in the cuffs of her sweater. "Goodness, does he ever look tired."
Larry, however, wasn't so empathetic. He inched away from Frankie and Shirley, unsure of how stable George actually was. One couldn't blame him, not when Mr. Crone's severed human head tried to take a chunk out of his shin not two days before. He backed away from George's advancing, overripe form, only to trip over a full plastic red gas can. A metal pipe he'd used the day before fell behind him, pinging against the metal frame of the Happy 
Restful entrance.
A single spark. That was all it took.
The door opened, and the spark ignited the saturated interior into a violent fireball that knocked Larry off of his feet. He landed next to George, who feebly held out his partially rotted hand to him in assistance. Larry refused it, loudly and impolitely.
"Shit," Shirley said. "You've gone and done it now, Larry."
"Why is this my fault?" He scrambled to his feet. "Oh wow, that's bad. That's really bad. Oh crap, everyone back up!" 
The building erupted into a series of large, internal explosions and the four of them ran from the sudden heat, the roaring fireballs crashing through the windows and pushing bricks outwards from the force of the impacts. In the distance, the knowing sirens of the National Guard roared back at them, the numbers considerable if Frankie trusted her hearing.
"Do you think we'll make it out of here?" Frankie asked.
Within seconds of asking the question, the National Guard had them surrounded, a near supernatural feat of stealth that Shirley hadn't anticipated. It wasn't long before she saw a familiar face leading the team, and Frankie couldn't help but shy away from his knowing scrutiny. S.I.R. Chuck Dickerson looked down at them from the barrel of his flame-thrower, a solid sense of judgement in his firm stance.
"This isn't fair," Frankie shouted to him, the crackling, popping explosions inside of the Happy Restful bringing an unexpected sense of courage and closure to her being. "A man's got to choose how he lives. But I don't care what any of you want, or what Osmosis Inc. wants--He shouldn't have to choose how he dies." 
CHAPTER FIFTEEN: Choice

A man should choose how he lives, but he's got no claim on how he dies.
These words, paraphrased, reverberated through Chuck's consciousness, the logic of them eluding him. What was happening now was not part of any random act from what he could see, George was a rogue, and whether his wife wanted to admit it or not, there were repercussions to her decision to house him. Sure, it was bad luck that put him here, alive and walking around calmly killing people instead of providing fertilizer to his neighbour's gardenias like a good, unfashionable citizen. But this small detail had been overlooked, and thanks to Frankie's indecision, George had murdered two people in cold blood. And now, with that gas can held so tightly in his grip, he was set to kill once more.
The nagging understanding that George, as a rogue, should not be able to make that kind of premeditated mayhem was confusing, and it made Chuck's trigger finger itch. Behind George, the Happy Restful Afterlife Home was a black and orange ball of apocalyptic revelation, a latent Judgement Day that had spoiled after sitting on the shelf for too long. Chuck sighed, watching George through the telescope on his government issue flame thrower. 
The undead man scratched the side of his head, his one remaining ear neatly falling off. Beside him, Frankie held his hand, tears staining her red cheeks, a growing sense of horror in her eyes. Her co-workers stood beside her in full support, the large, Amazonian woman's arms crossed over her thick chest, her firm stance daring the world to stop the tide of the fiery river Styx from claiming its souls. The fire was certainly doing just that, with the odd resident wandering out, calm, smouldering figures that gradually dwindled into grey ash and collapsed into a heap on the tarmac. There were no screams, no wails of terror, no panicked hordes rushing for the hope of life. The calm was eerie, the fire roaring through the building with soft crackling in the manner of a bonfire on a sweet summer's eve.
Right now it was life that caused pain, the long, artificially protracted version of it that stood in the form of George, the red gas can held high in defiance. A person had a right to live, that was a given, but the right to die...They'd missed the mark on that one somewhere along the way to immortality. 
The National Guard were laid out along the horizon in neat lines, guns ready for Chuck's order should he give it. This was his jurisdiction, and while they made it plain how they wanted things to happen, Chuck wasn't so sure he was willing to go along with their plan. They were loaded with tranquilizers, ready to take George and his mutant version of the Osmosis 37 enzyme back to some hidden lab, where he would be housed in a government run arena with the other rogues. He wouldn't last five seconds in such a place, Chuck thought, he'd be ripped apart and eaten before those scientists even had a chance to check his mutated cell structure. He knew they were covering their asses with this, Osmosis knowing full well what was going to happen. The cruelty of it was harder to understand. George would be ripped apart, and he'd be aware of it, he'd feel it in some way. He'd know that every body part consumed was becoming part of some other monstrous appetite that could never be sated.
Still...A man can't pick the way he dies.
He was ready to lift his arm and give the signal to fire at will. It didn't feel right, and he had to admit he had developed a certain kinship with George, even if the man was a dangerous anarchist trapped in the dull witted body of a rogue. Chuck sent up a silent prayer for forgiveness, since the moment was charged with doubt. 
A stealthy visitor approached, creeping unnoticed onto the conflict. 
A black car pulled up behind the row of National Guards to his left, and Chuck was momentarily distracted by the tiny, shaking, elderly woman that struggled her way out of the back passenger seat, her cane tapping the ground in a fruitless attempt to find balance. She was dressed in black, her pale face veiled behind dark lace that left shadows in her sanguine skin. Her spindly arms swung in an uneven rhythm, in order to keep her upright. 
To Chuck's horror, she was headed straight for him.
"My husband," the thin-lipped woman said. She gestured with her cane to the burning building before them. She didn't seem to see George, Frankie and their allies standing to the right, a new section of mayhem about to be performed. "My husband lives there." She glanced at the round, grey pods that were arranged on the left of the first row of guards. "I assume he is in one of those."
"No...Mrs. --?"
"Mrs. Crone," she said, her voice as brittle as her frail appearance. She fixed grey, watery eyes on him. "Where is my husband?"
"I'm sorry, but the fires took him," Chuck said.
"What fires?"
"The ones burning uncontrollably before you, Ma'am."
"This is highly frustrating." She clasped her boney hand tight on the curve of her cane. "I came all the way here by cab just to see him. He'd had all that work done, too." She toddled back to the cab, and came back, unevenly balancing a small, white box. "I'd just had it specially made, you see. For his birthday."
She handed the box, which was held together by a thin white ribbon, to Chuck who took it with confused reverence. He glanced back at Frankie and her crew, only for all five members to shrug in unison back at him. Not sure what else he was expected to do with the package, Chuck undid the ribbon and opened the box. He let out a small gasp of surprise.
I understand," Mrs. Crone said, fully sympathetic. "They got his eyebrows wrong. I told them they were thicker."
"A head?" Chuck said, the box held away from him as though it contained dynamite. "What the hell are you doing 
walking around with a severed human head?"
"He needed a new one, of course."
"He's already snacked on two," Chuck said, gesturing to George.
"Don't be silly. No one can eat this one." She reached in and pulled the head of the unfortunate former Mr. Crone out of the box. "There are some lovely reconstructive artists in the city, and when I told them my husband needed a prosthetic, and for which body part, they used a younger photograph and built this likeness. I rather like it." She tapped her cane in impatient disappointment. "Now it seems I've gone through all that effort for nothing." She tucked her husband's head under her arm like a football. "Oh well. Perhaps this could find its place on my mantle. We could enjoy a cup of coffee together every morning. That would be nice."
Chuck frowned at this. "You aren't upset?"
She blinked rheumy eyes at him. "Upset about what?"
"Your husband's death," Chuck said.
"My husband died years ago," Mrs. Crone said, looking on Chuck as though he were mad. "There's no point being upset about that *now*."
"But you went through all the trouble of keeping him animated."
"Yes. I agree," she said, sadly. She looked on the prosthetic head with fondness. "This would have been far easier." She paused, her cane tapping the ground in thoughtful reflection. "Do you think it would be strange to have them create a full body prosthetic? After all, I need to attach his head to something."
She took Chuck's stunned silence as an answer and made her way back to the sleek, black car, head under arm, her cane tapping her way to a plastic everlasting life. "I should think, considering they say 'family is forever', that Dr. Osmosis and his company have to reconsider their slogan. False advertising is a crime nowadays. Do tell your employer that I expect a full refund."
"I don't work for Osmosis," Chuck tried to tell her. But she had found her way back into the car and it was already heading in the opposite direction. The head of Mr. Crone was probably bobbing around in the seat beside her, staring up at her in quiet, permanent wonder.
"A prosthetic head," Chuck murmured to himself.
"Sir?" A national guard on his left stood nervously at attention. He couldn't have been any older than nineteen, a baby in these parts. "We're still waiting on your signal."
"You'll have to wait a long time," Chuck said, and he unloaded his rifle, taking out the clip and tucking it safely away in his back pocket. His government issue flame thrower was at his feet, and he kicked it to one side. "I'm not giving you any orders."
They remained in this existential checkmate for some time, with Chuck and his threat of arms on one side while George stood dumbly in the sun, spittle mixed with gasoline slipping past his purple lips. "If we shoot you down, it won't be a merciful end, George," Chuck shouted out the warning to him. "You'll be a twitchy mess of bones and flesh, not recognizable but still living. We'll be bagging you up and storing you in a dustbin in one of the cheaper facilities."
"He's not going there!" Frankie shouted at him. She shook a furious finger at Chuck, her genuine grief a strangely sobering threat. "This is all your fault! We had no plan to continue on past our due date, but it was you, and your fool enzymes and your triops mindset. Eat each other up until only one left standing, isn't that how it's going to work from now on? Well, too bad if it's my George left and he doesn't want to keep your immortal flesh wheel going. He's got a right to die, like any normal thing, natural and right, do you hear?"
"For the last goddamn time, I don't work for Osmosis..."
"The only one you're fooling with that line is yourself," Shirley said.
With Frankie, Shirley and Larry surrounding him in support, George blinked dumbly into the sunlight, his fading mind seeming to chase after some important point that was forever eluding him. He glanced over his shoulder at Chuck, eyes glazed over with the cataract film of the dead, his world muted beneath the white milky filter. He was rotting out here in the elements, the beautiful summer day wreaking havoc on his flesh. Flies buzzed around him in a thick blanket, fat bluebottles laying eggs in the various holes of rot that oozed from his ears and the back of his neck. The slime of putrefaction dripped off his chin like syrupy sweat.
George picked up the red can of gasoline and took another long, thankful drink. He focused unevenly on Chuck and made the sign of a V at his lips. Victory? Chuck thought. Over what?
"I just want my George to have some peace," Frankie cried. "He's worked hard all his life. He was a good man. He doesn't deserve to spend the rest of his eternity as some half-crippled corpse."
George pressed his fingers against his lips again, more urgently now. Just what the hell was the undead, unthinking rogue trying to say?
Just like that, it hit him. Chuck stared at George, wide-eyed in shock at the idea of a rogue having that kind of self-awareness.
That V, pressed against his lips.
Damn it all to Hell. George was asking for a cigarette.
"I don't smoke," Chuck shouted to him.
He might be rotting in the sun. He might be the most foul smelling hunk of putrescence known to humankind. But the dejected slump of defeat in George's shoulders hit Chuck deep in his gut, and once that well of sympathy was finally opened, it simply wasn't possible to shove it all back in. He nodded to the kid soldier shaking in his boots next to him. "Go on, give him one."
"Give him what, Sir?"
"Believe me, kid, he's the one who needs them, not you. Toss him the pack of cigarettes in your pocket."
"The whole thing?"
"Damn right the whole thing."
"But...We're not supposed to bargain with...With those things..."
Chuck impatiently sighed at the kid's green attitude. "Seems to me I'm running this show, and what I say goes. If your Osmosis buddies have a problem with my decisions, they can take it up with me. Can't figure why they'd want to talk to me about any of this, considering I don't work for them." 
Chuck waited exactly two beats of confused silence before continuing. "There's your answer. Toss him your pack of cancer sticks. It's mighty cruel to keep a corpse waiting for his death. Don't be going halfway, kid." Chuck reached into the soldier's pocket and pulled out a lighter. He tucked it neatly into the package of cigarettes and bid the youth to toss it to his target. "Give the man his out."
CHAPTER SIXTEEN: BBQ

"I lost my job."
"Stands to reason."
Chuck squinted into the midday sun, the cool beer Shirley had given him warming in his hand. Frankie stood to his left, her worn fingers gently worrying the edge of her sandwich before she took a tentative bite. Larry was busy chatting with the young woman and her son who lived across from Frankie's house. The warm smile she gave him suggested Larry wasn't about to head out into the city like he'd planned. The boy giggled and ran a circle around Larry's gangly form, a stream of bubbles flying after him as he ran barefoot through the soft, dark green grass. His laughter abruptly stopped as he stumbled into Chuck's shins, his pink plastic jar of soap spilling onto Chuck's black shoes. His tiny, innocent face looked up at Chuck with growing uncertainty.
Chuck bent low and blew into the bubble ring, sending dozens of large, rainbow smeared spheres across the backyard. A shriek of delight dispelled the tense moment, and the boy ran off, frantically clapping in a vain effort to capture the fragile prisons of joy.
"They've shut down all operations in New Hope," Chuck told Frankie, who politely nibbled her sandwich in silence beside him. "Osmosis Inc. has packed up and left, and due to the overwhelming public display of what they call prejudice against their efforts, they are not planning on restructuring their offices here, or rebuilding any new facilities. According to them, New Hope is a planned ghost town. It's going to be mighty hard to get work around here." Chuck's strong jaw jutted outward. "Guess I have to get used to retirement."
"I thought you didn't work for Osmosis," Shirley quipped.
"Denial can be a powerful thing. Sometimes hidden beneath what you think is hard work." He watched the tiny, laughing figure at the far end of the garden, the bubbles long since burst, a smiling woman with a cocktail glass in her hand reaching over the rose bushes. "It's no sin to work hard, but you have to catch a break sometime. Otherwise we're all just rogues, eating each other up in Earth's arena." Chuck frowned. "Did she just hand that boy a shot glass?"
"Dolores!" Frankie shouted, and waved her tipsy neighbour closer. "Come and join us!"
With effort Dolores teetered her way along the rose bushes, the silk of her black and pink kimono catching on the thorns and forcing her to pause in her haste every few seconds. Pulled threads dangled from the long, rectangular sleeves. "How wonderful!" she cheerfully grinned over her toothpick and olive. "Such a pleasure to see everyone out and enjoying the summer days again!"
The grocery store youth, whom Chuck learned was named Ethan, marched up to them, his spatula dripping with hickory flavoured BBQ sauce. "They're just about ready. Rare and medium, just the way you ordered."
"The corn is in the kitchen, with Mr. and Mrs. Eisner. Helga is busy roasting the last of the potatoes." Frankie knocked on her kitchen window, and the stern Helga peered out through the curtains, her face partially obscured by linen ducks. "Are they nearly ready?"
"Rush, rush, rush," Helga complained. "Always, you people, rushing." 
Mr. Eisner brought out a large, green salad and set it on the picnic table in the centre of the yard. Shirley dared to pick a purple onion out of it while Larry hovered closer to the BBQ, a beer handed to the youth who was still cooking the last of the steaks.
"I guess it's best we enjoy the feasts while we can," Shirley said. She plunked her mighty girth onto the bench of the picnic table, the wood whining beneath her weight. "Once this runs out, we won't have any supplies coming back in here." She kicked at the ground, a sense of growing disappointment evident. "I'm going into the city, to move in with my son and his wife. I tried to get them to come here, but he can't leave his job and she's...Well, she's a true believer, if you get what I'm saying."
Frankie let out a sad sigh. "Even after everything that happened?"
"She won't leave Osmosis. Keeps talking about her upcoming promotion and her retirement funds. Like any of those things are going to happen. It's like Chuck said, denial is a brutal thing. She's bought right into their scheme, getting conned and she can't see it." Shirley shook her head, her eyes glassy with emotion as she looked on the small, chubby bundle of boy giggling and running in circles around a patch of weeds. "There's no happy ending coming, Frankie. That's the worst of it."
Dolores hiccoughed over the sobering thought.
"I wonder when it happened," Frankie said.
Helga brought over a lawn chair before disappearing back into the kitchen. Chuck gratefully took it, ignoring 
Helga's muttered complaint that he didn't know how to say 'thank you'. "When what happened?" he asked.
"When we got scared," Frankie said. She rested her sandwich in her lap and hugged her cardigan close around her, warding out a chill that didn't exist. "You know what I mean. Scared of dying."
"That's a fool statement if I ever heard one," Shirley barked at her, making Frankie flinch. "As living things, we're hard wired to be afraid of dying. It's why we want to keep living at all costs. Survival instinct, that's all fear is."
"Nah, Frankie's got a point," Chuck said, coming to her defence. "Sure, there's survival, but when everything is over, it's over. The whole five stages scenario everyone knows about. Anger, denial, bargaining, sorrow, and acceptance. It's that last one the human race is getting stuck on."
"When we got spoiled."
All heads turned towards Dolores. She held up her magically refreshed martini and gave them a silent 'cheers' before downing half of it in one gulp. "We got spoiled, that's all. It used to be much simpler, the only thing holding you to this life was your loved ones. But what we love is so confused these days. There's bills and fancy furniture and condominiums and big houses and bigger cars and every do-dad you can dream up. We're spoiled rotten with ego. We cling to life like spoiled little children, unable to let go of how we pamper ourselves." She finished off her martini and squeezed her eyes shut at the resounding kick it gave her throat. "There goes the last of the Crown Royal. Who's up for a vodka and cranberry?"
"Do you really think it's that simple?" Frankie asked Dolores, but her strangely philosophical mood had already shifted into her usual happy fog of medicated nostalgia.
"How good it is to see everyone out here, enjoying themselves. Just like old times! Really, Frankie, you have to bring George out here, he would really love it."
Frankie stiffened at this, all semblance of shy meekness gone. "Don't you be rotten, Dolores."
Dolores was visibly hurt by her curt reply. "I'm just saying he should be enjoying the sunshine, loving the way the sun is pasted like a circle in the sky, the lawns so neat and green, the world a ball of bright blue. There's nothing rotten about a day like today, what a strange thing to accuse me of--I'm sure he would love this. He's worked so hard all his life, he's a good man, your George. Bring him on out and let him have a good time."
Unbidden, Chuck, Shirley and Frankie all cast looks at the kitchen window, where a large, sealed vase was displayed proudly on the windowsill. It was a brilliant blue against the pastel lemon hues in the background, the lid bursting with images of bright sunflowers. Summer days and warm nights. Long, lazy afternoons spent with a cold beer and a chat over a neighbour's fence. Simple, ordinary things that made living bearable and death a mere footnote.
"He loved this house," Frankie said.
A hiss of steam escaped the BBQ, and Ethan flipped a steak over, fat slipping onto the flames, feeding them. He tapped his spatula loudly on the steel lid of the BBQ and shouted to Chuck. "They're ready. Come and get 'em!"
It was Shirley who offered the invitation. "Dolores, you don't have to stay over there on that side of the fence, come on over and join us." She gestured to the BBQ, which was getting plenty of use. "You can have a good old fashioned juicy home-style hamburger, just like the old days."
Larry and Ethan walked away from the BBQ, plates of charred meat carried towards the picnic table. "I swear, if I don't get to eat this soon, I'm going to pass out from expectation," Larry said. He gave a thin smile to Dolores, his hunger overriding his manners. "You can have one if you like, there's plenty to go around."
Dolores laughed and took another sip of her martini, her steps awkward as she made her way back into her house. 
"I couldn't impose, really I couldn't. Besides, I've got plenty of meat in my freezer. I don't know how I'm going to get through it all." She gave them all her usual dopey, medically enhanced smile. "My, what a lovely thing it is to see people enjoying themselves again."
She slipped into the side door, and it closed behind her with a gentle click.
Chuck and Larry immediately started digging into the steaks, and Shirley loaded up her hamburger while Frankie poked at a piece of chicken. Ethan remained standing, the plate of meat still in his hand and emptying by the minute. He stared towards Dolores's house, his brow furrowed in worry.
"What's up, kid?" Chuck asked. He wiped a dribble of BBQ sauce from the corner of his mouth with his sleeve.
"That's weird," Ethan said.
"What is?"
"Her saying she got a freezer full of meat."
"Doesn't surprise me," Chuck said, taking another stab and talking around tender gristle. "She's an early Osmosis investor, after all. Those kind of perks come with the territory."
"Not meat," Ethan insisted. He placed the plate down, the offering untouched. "I never sold her any bulk quantities. There's no other supplier in town who can give her any, and there's no way she could have smuggled it in from the city. The National Guard keeps close tabs on meat, you ought to know that."
Chuck paused in mid chew, thinking on what the kid was saying.
"Where did she get the meat?"
A sick feeling entered Chuck's gut, one that he tried, but couldn't, ignore. He never did find the full remains of the Osmosis CEO formerly known as Frank Morgan, Esq. He was once George and Frankie's neighbour. His brow furrowed as he thought on it, the smell of the BBQ behind him mixing with another, more uncomfortable memory. Garbage bins laden with flies. Dolores and a thin trail of smoke leaving her backyard... 
"Aw, Hell," Chuck muttered.
Damn rogues. First George, and now this Dolores one. One finds an edge and before you know it they're on the evolutionary sharpener, aiming for the top of the chain. They're getting smarter every day. And here he'd gone and hung up his flame thrower, thinking its days of use were over for good.
Damn it.
Pink flowers rustled in the breeze, kissing the soft green grass at their feet. The blue of the sky stretched cloudless across a thick horizon, a spotless ocean of Heaven. Dolores was right. It was a beautiful day in the neighbourhood.
One last, beautiful day.







OTHER WORKS BY M. JONES:

BLACK WREATH
314 CRESCENT MANOR
GANGSTER (published by 1889 Labs)
WESTMARKET
ELEVATOR
IN ABSENTIA
THE AORTA BLOCK

If you enjoyed this work or would like to contact the author email M. Jones at pinkbagels@gmail.com

Visit http://bloodlettersink.com for updates.
