

THE FIST IS CLOSING
By BETHANY CHESTER

COPYRIGHT 2013 BETHANY CHESTER

SMASWORDS EDITION

License Notes
This e-book is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This e-book may not be resold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. If you’re reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.


One

Situated in the Northwest Territories of Canada, near to nowhere in particular, there is a small town called St. Catherine. It’s cradled by the striking landscape, bundled up in dense coniferous forest and emptiness.
There’s nothing remarkable about St. Catherine, except for the cold. The winters are long and bitter, lasting from October to March, and every year they tear the town to shreds.
There’s no shortage of snow. The image of black pine on white snow imprints itself on the inside of your eyelids. Your feet become accustomed to the feel of powder beneath your boots. You get to know that when the sky is that certain colour before sunset you should put antifreeze in your car engine and snow chains in the trunk. You get to know that you should lean a shovel inside your front door if you want to get out the next morning. Snow is something St. Catherine takes in its stride.
But one year, it snows far more than usual.
It snows enough to break us.

Halfway through that fateful night, I’m lying awake. When morning comes, we’ll have to face up to the snowfall, but for now, time could almost be suspended. The sound from outside is all muffled, so I know it’s snowed, while the pattering on the roof tells me it’s still pretty heavy. I could get up, go to the window to see if there’ll be school in the morning, but I don’t – partly because of the draught that sweeps up through the gaps in the boards, but mostly because there’s something special about pulling up the blinds on a bright new morning to find the world smothered by a foot of snow.
It’s going to be a heavy fall; the sky this evening was like nothing I’d ever seen, crammed with turbulent yellow clouds that looked fit to burst. Nobody else really knew what to make of it, either.
Mr Miller stopped me on my way home from school. “Going to be a good one tonight, Seth,” he’d said, gesturing at the strange tempestuous sky, and I had to agree. There are already foot-high drifts at the roadsides, although anything left on the roads themselves has been pounded flat by the tires of countless SUVs. That’s what you drive around here, if you’ve got any sense.
Anyway, I digress. Like I said, I don’t want to ruin the surprise, so I stay in bed, and eventually my eyelids start to droop and I begin to drift off. I wake the next morning to blinding white light, slipping through the slats of the blind. It’s so bright that I can’t see a thing for a moment or so. I blink a few times to clear my vision, and then run for the window, yanking up the blind cord so fast it nearly snaps.
I’m not ready for what greets me.
The sky above is heavy and ominous. Thousands of flakes are spiralling downward, each almost as wide as my palm. There are so many that looking up makes me feel dizzy; it’s like I’m being sucked up into the sky. Looking down is another thing again – it’s almost worse than looking up, because what I’m seeing is…not believable. Forget one foot – the drifts are at least six foot high. When I open the window and reach out my hand, I find that, to my disbelief, my fingers graze the snow outside – and my room is on the second storey. There isn’t a house or a car in sight, just the occasional white mound, as if the whole town has been smothered by a blanket a few miles square.
I dash across the corridor, seeking escape from the unearthly scene.
“Pip…” I start, bursting into her room without knocking.
“I know,” she says simply.
 She’s still in her nightdress, curled up in a chair by the window, her dark hair tumbling in waves down her back. It’s flawless, even first thing in the morning. I guess she got the good genes.
I join her at the window. “I’ve never seen anything like this before,” I say.
“Me neither,” she says, which I know, because we’re twins and I’ve seen everything she has.
“What about Mom and Dad?” I say. “How’re they supposed to get back in this weather?”
“They’re probably not gonna get back for a while,” she shrugs. “We’ll just have to fend for ourselves until they can make it home.”
“We should at least phone them,” I say. “And Ria too, to make sure her lot are all OK.”
“They’ll have it even worse than we do, up there on the hill,” she says. “But I don’t think we’ll be phoning anyone. Look at the lines.”
I glance out the window and see what she means. The cables are sagging under the weight of the snow, which continues to pile up on them as we speak. In some places, they even brush the drifts underneath. I sigh.
“I should try to get up there later, then. I could climb out the window or something.”
Pip arches her eyebrows, simultaneously amused and despairing. “It’s sweet that you’re so dedicated to your girlfriend, but I really don’t think you should try that. It’s a stupid idea. You’d probably sink and be buried alive.”
She’s right again, which is something I should be used to by now.
“I’ll try calling her on my cell, then,” I say stubbornly.
“Seth, you won’t have reception. We barely get any even when we’re not buried in snow.”
Undeterred, I hunt out my cell and squint hopefully at the screen, standing by my window where the reception is usually strongest. Pip’s right again, though. I feel a flicker of hope when one bar lights up at the top, but that’s quickly extinguished as it fades out of existence. Pip glances over my shoulder and gives me a “told you so” look.
Defeated, I follow her downstairs. That’s even stranger, because the windows are entirely obscured. I try the radio, wondering about conditions elsewhere in the province, but it fuzzes so badly Pip makes me turn it off. She says it’s giving her a migraine.
I try the faucet, intending to get water for coffee. There’s a cracking noise somewhere inside it, but nothing comes out – so there’s no water, either. It’s probably all frozen. I give it a whack, hoping brute force might do the trick, but no such luck.
“I’ve been thinking,” Pip says. “We should paint a mark on the side of the house.”
“What for?” I ask. I continue to hit the faucet, until I injure my hand and decide I had better stop. “Ow. Dammit.”
 “To show how high the snow came,” she says, ignoring my idiocy, as per usual. “Otherwise we won’t believe it by the time it’s April and it’s all melted.”
I give up on coffee and settle on lukewarm milk from the fridge. The power must be off, too.
“Oh yeah, Mom and Dad will love that,” I say, rolling my eyes.
“They won’t mind,” she says assuredly, and she might actually be right again, since Mom and Dad are fairly easygoing as far as parents go.
I accept that running water and electricity are luxuries we may have to go without for today. As I slump down at the table, where Pip’s pouring some Shreddies into a bowl, it occurs to me that we are probably going to tire of this very quickly.
The rest of the morning does nothing to lessen my conviction. There’s absolutely nothing to do – we can’t even use the Internet. It’s almost like we’re under siege, imprisoned our own house. All the while, it continues to snow insanely, piling up higher and higher. I imagine this is what it feels like to be in a sinking ship, with water climbing further up the hull with every passing moment and threatening to asphyxiate any unfortunate life forms within. Wind begins to whip around the house, rattling the windows and whistling through the roof slates. Some of the phone cables flail around so wildly I’m afraid they’re going to snap and sever our only connection to the outside world. So far, though, they seem to be holding up. Dad once told me about some storm in the seventies where the cables snapped and the drifts reached the second storey, but even that didn’t happen in the space of twenty-four hours.
 It finally stops at around midday. As soon as we’re sure it’s finished – for now, at least – Pip goes to the back room and comes out with a bristly brush and a rusty old tin of red paint. Sadly, she hasn’t forgotten the mark-on-the-wall thing since this morning. She hands me the brush and paint; the tin is all crusted round the edges.
“Why do I want these?” I ask. “It’s your insane idea.”
“But you’re going to do it,” she tells me. “Because you’re so much bigger and stronger than me.” She stifles a giggle – I may be taller than she is, but she’d probably beat me in an arm wrestle, and she knows it. I sigh, taking the paint upstairs. I tell myself I really need to stop letting her boss me around. She follows; I pretend not to notice her smug expression.
A moment later, I’m hanging out my bedroom window, the laden brush dripping in my hand. The droplets make crimson stains on the snow beneath my window. Even without looking, I can tell she’s laughing at my ridiculous appearance. I swipe a line across the side of the house, just above the drift’s highest tip.
“There. Happy now?” I ask, watching droplets trickle down from the mark. They freeze before they even hit the snow.
“Mm hm,” she says. I haul myself back through the window, noticing that she’s still trying not to laugh. Most likely this whole stunt was just some scheme constructed exclusively to make me look like an idiot. For all I know, she took multiple pictures which will be going up on Facebook as soon as the Internet is working again.
But I can’t be mad at her. I never can.

By nighttime, the sky is perfectly clear. We can see the stars the way you only see them this far north; pinpoints of pure, burning light, so bright and so clear and so many. We both know what that means, and sure enough, when we wake the next morning, the top layer of snow has frozen hard.
“This means we can get out,” I say, pleased. “Without sinking, I mean. Maybe I can find someone to help us with the water.”
“Rather you than me,” she says, shuddering. “At least wear something sensible so you don’t freeze to death.”
I take her advice, putting on all the ski clothing I can find – thermals and a jacket and a hat and furry gloves that make me look like Bigfoot. Then I clamber inelegantly out of my bedroom window. I sink a couple of feet, but I manage to fight my way down to the road, where it’s not so deep.
I’ve been struggling through the snow for maybe five minutes when I notice someone standing waist-deep at the roadside. It’s a small hunched figure in a heavy brown jacket, with grey hair scraped back into a tight bun, and wrinkled mahogany skin. I slow my pace, recognizing her as Ahnah.
Ahnah is an Inuit, wandered a little too far south. She’s been in St. Catherine as long as I can remember, though no-one really seems to know why she’s here. She lives in a tiny house right on the outskirts of town, all by herself, and as far as I know she’s perfectly harmless. She does scare me a little, though. I have a sinking feeling that I won’t get up the hill without speaking to her.
“Ah, Seth Campbell,” she says, noticing me. “I admire you for venturing outside. You are both brave and foolish.”
I don’t know how to react to that, so I stay quiet. She looks like a hunched raven, or maybe a vulture, utterly at home in the snowy landscape. It doesn’t seem to matter that I’m not contributing to the conversation – she can carry it on all by herself.
“I have bad feelings about this snowfall,” she tells me, as her shrewd eyes look me up and down. “Terrible feelings. And my feelings are very reliable.”
“Is that so?” I ask, wishing I’d bumped into someone else. Anyone else would have been preferable. I’m all too familiar with Ahnah’s doom-and-gloom predictions.
“It is indeed,” she says solemnly, before turning away from me. Thankfully, this appears to signal the end of the conversation. I attempt to pick up my pace, which turns out to be easier said than done.
If I jog, it normally takes me less than ten minutes to get to Ria’s, but today it’s almost twice that before I begin to climb the Lawrences’ drive. The little wooden house is barely visible, a picture postcard gone mad. Will Lawrence is out the front, attempting to clear a path to the door.
“Hey, Seth,” he says, evidently surprised to see me. “You got out, then?”
I nod. “Just about. We’re in a spot of trouble, though – the water’s not working, and Mom and Dad are out of town. I’ve no idea what to do about it. We had to use bottled water yesterday, but we don’t have enough to get us through another day.”
He looks at me with concern. “Hardly surprising. I’ve never seen so much snow in all my life. I’ll come down and give you a hand later on, if I can, but there’s not much I can do if the pipes have burst.”
“Thanks,” I say. “I guess Ria’s in?”
He smiles. “Yeah, they’re all in the kitchen. Go on in.”
The Lawrences’ front door opens straight into their cosy kitchen, which has a giant wood stove that heats the whole house. It’s too small for five people, but that doesn’t seem to matter. All four kids are in the kitchen – Eli in the corner with a cigarette, on vacation from college; Blanche, the only non-redhead, lying on the floor with a laptop; Albert doing a jigsaw at the table. And Ria, of course, stood next to the stove, smiling at me as I come in.
“You’re all covered in snow,” she laughs. “Even your face.”
“Shut up,” I say affectionately. “You all OK?”
“We’re fine,” Ria says. “Except we’re driving each other crazy.”
Will sticks his head round the door, waving his cell. “Kids, I just got a call from Anthony Miller. There’s some sort of meeting going on down the hall in half an hour’s time, to discuss all this.” He gestures at the ridiculous quantities of snow in the yard. “If you want to go, you better set out now or you won’t get there in time.”
“What do you think, shall we go?” I ask the room in general.
“I’m going,” says Blanche, jumping to her feet. Ria nods her assent. Eli is as unresponsive as ever, absorbed in some car magazine – I know he’ll stay here. Albert’s clinging onto Blanche’s hand, so I guess we’re stuck with him too.
“Never heard of anyone calling a meeting because of the weather,” I say to Ria, closing the door behind me. The kids have already run on ahead, falling and laughing in the snow.
“Nor me,” she says, “but usually, we know we can handle it. I’m not so sure we can cope with it this time.”
She has a point. How many other people are without running water and electricity, unable either to get out or to phone for help? I remember the strange one-sided conversation I had on the way to the Lawrences’.
“Ran into Ahnah on my way here,” I say. Ria and I often get a kick out of her so-called prophecies.
“What’s in store for us this time?” she asks. “End of the world? Rains of scorpions?”
I shrug. “Not sure what she was talking about. Something about the snowfall bringing bad things.”
“Sounds about right,” she smiles, giving me a shove. It’s supposed to be playful, but I lose my balance in the deep snow and fall right into a drift. She doubles up with laughter; she and Pip are cut from the same cloth all right. I reach for her ankle and pull her down after me. We just lie there, soaked through and covered in snow and laughing our heads off.
Ahead of us, Blanche turns round and yells at us to hurry up. I take Ria’s hand and we struggle to our feet, still laughing. When we arrive at the hall, twenty minutes later, I’m surprised by the crowds of people milling around on the steps outside. Looks like everyone is pretty worried about this – everyone except the kids. They’re all delighted, running round throwing snowballs and shoving them in each other’s faces. I can’t help but laugh at them as we push our way through into the building.
Inside the hall, almost all the seats are full. Ria and I both squash into one space, while Blanche takes Albert to the back, where there are fewer people. There’s a guy on the podium; I think I recognize him as the mayor of St. Catherine. That title’s nowhere near as impressive as it sounds, given that there are only a few thousand people living here.
Within a few minutes, we’re all squashed into the hall. Those who can’t find seats have to stand against the wall. The guy at the front taps on the mic, and people begin to fall silent. He launches into this speech about how there are difficult times ahead and so we all need to stick together and help anyone who needs us. It sounds like a church sermon. He reminds us that we need to be careful with our supplies, since we won’t be able to get any more in for a while. Behind him, the TV screen on the wall mutely shows a 24-hour news channel; the hall must have a generator. I remember our own generator, tucked away somewhere in the garden shed. We rarely use it, but I should probably try to dig it out later on.
This guy’s speech isn’t exactly riveting, so I turn my attention back to the TV. The snowfall seems to be the only story – those with a working Internet connection have emailed in their pictures. The locations range from Prince George to Yellowknife, and the photos all show the exact same thing – snow and snow and more snow. The meteorologists all seem to think climate change is to blame for the extreme weather conditions, or at least I think that’s what they’re saying. They’re gesturing at a graph on the screen behind them. I can’t tell what it’s supposed to show, but the line seems to be sloping upward.
The guy on the podium is coming to the end of his speech. He’s asking if anyone has any questions. Nobody does; it looks like everyone’s getting ready to leave. Then an unexpected voice rings out from the back of the hall.
“I don’t have a question, but I do have a warning.”
When I recognize the voice, I don’t know whether to feel dread or amusement. The whole hall looks around for the source of the interruption.
Ahnah’s on her feet, fixing us all with a steely glare. The podium guy looks a little panic-stricken, and no wonder; Ahnah’s mere presence is enough to break down any meeting. People are falling silent again.
Once she’s sure she has everyone’s attention, she begins to speak.
“Here is my warning,” she says. She seems to be enjoying herself immensely. “My visions are getting stronger. They are telling me things about this snow. They show bad things happening amongst us. They show that some people in this town – three people especially – are not what we think they are. So we need to be very careful, or this could be the end of us all.” Slowly, she casts her eyes around the still-silent hall.
“That last bit is a new one,” I murmur in Ria’s ear.
The hall remains quiet until Ahnah sits down. Then someone down the front starts giggling, and soon the whole hall is laughing like it’s the funniest thing they’ve heard all year. Even Ria’s pursing her lips, trying not to smile. I shake my head, exasperated.
“Come on,” I say. “Let’s get back to mine, it’s closer than yours. Go find the other two and tell them.”
I look around for Pip, but can’t see her – I guess no-one told her there was a meeting. As I wait for Ria to fetch her siblings, a blonde guy over the other side of the hall catches my eye. It takes me a moment to recognize him under all the layers of winter clothes; it’s Alex. He’s heading in my direction, carelessly elbowing people out the way.
“Hey, man,” he says, grinning at me. His hair is surferish, though he isn’t a surfer – they’re a rare breed north-western Canada. He is a snowboarder, though. His board is his most prized possession, and he never shuts up about it.
“Hey,” I greet him. “This snow is crazy, right?”
 “Totally crazy,” he agrees. “How’re you doing? And how’s your sister?”
I look at him suspiciously. “What’s my sister to you?”
He shrugs. “She’s hot.” He laughs at the look on my face. “Kidding, kidding! Seriously though, is everything OK at yours?”
“Yeah,” I shrug. “Mom and Dad are stuck out of town, though, and Will Lawrence is coming round to fix our water. It’s all frozen. You?”
“Hey, I’m not gonna complain about anything that keeps me out of school. Only problem is, I can’t get out of town. I was gonna go boarding in…”
I promptly switch off, like I always do when he starts on about snowboarding. Ria turns up a moment later, so I can make my excuses and leave. We head back to mine, and everything about the day is like a poem, so I write a verse in my head.

On a night so cold and crisp
Came the year's first snow
The ground was hard, the drifting flakes
Fell to the ground below


Two

Thankfully, the only damage to the pipes is a hairline crack, which is probably not severe enough to cause any leakages. I don’t know what Will’s done, but the water’s running again. It’s ice-cold, but it feels like pure luxury. Pip and I thank him over and over, massively relieved, but he just smiles and says it’s nothing. Ria and I tell Pip about the meeting and Ahnah’s interruption, which sets the two of them laughing again. For some reason, I don’t feel like laughing along with them this time. Ahnah’s self-confidence makes me a bit uncomfortable at times – it sometimes seems as though she really knows what she’s talking about. I shake off the thoughts, trying to see the funny side, but the weirdest feeling has taken hold of me. I decide to excuse myself and go out for a bit of fresh air.
I wade through the masses of snow till I get to the river. It’s not really a proper river, just an offshoot of the Mackenzie, but I like it. I walk alongside it as it winds into the dark forest, setting off mini-avalanches that slip down the bank into the water. Ria would have laughed if she’d seen me; she’d say it was typical of ‘you poetic types’ to disappear on solitary walks through the trees in winter. She’s the only one who’s allowed to read my poetry. She’s always teasing, but she says everything I write is beautiful. She thinks I should publish it, but I worry what people would think, Alex especially. Snowboarding’s cool – writing poetry isn’t.
It’s so, so cold. At first I thought the scene was a caricatured Christmas card, but I’ve changed my mind. It’s too bleak for that, and the forest is so gloomy, almost threatening. I turn and head back to the house, thinking it’ll be a relief to get back in the warm. When I left, Pip had just managed to light a fire in the lounge, using some firewood from Dad’s winter store. The warmth will be heavenly after these near-Arctic conditions. I shiver, pulling my coat tighter around myself.
I’ve just got back to the road – or where the road is, under all the snow – when I see someone walking in my direction. I spot the spiky red hair sticking out of the ski cap and realize it’s Ria, come to look for me. I pick up my pace, feeling a bit guilty for making her come out in these temperatures. She’s smiling, though, so she obviously doesn’t mind too much. The cold air has made her cheeks rosy.
“You’ve been out here for ages,” she says. “How can you stand it? It’s freezing.”
“Just needed to clear my head,” I say, which is true.
“Well, I wanted to see you again before I left,” she says. “I need to get the kids home before it gets dark as well as cold.”
I nod, taking her hand.
We’re just a street away from my place when we hear it.
 Someone’s screaming in terror. As we listen, the screams quieten, before turning into sobs. Then we hear laughter. It sounds like children.
Ria frowns at me, and I shrug. We pick up our pace until we get to the street corner, where we find a group of kids, maybe seven or eight of them. Most are standing around in a circle, but another is crouched in the middle. He’s the source of the crying, so small he’s barely visible in the snow.
“Ria,” I say. “That’s Albert."
She scrutinizes the little group, and her expression becomes murderous. She storms toward the kids.
“What’ve you done to him?” she demands. They stop laughing. Suddenly there are a lot of guilty faces around. One of the kids whispers something.
“Speak up,” Ria says sharply.
“We didn’t mean to,” the girl says sheepishly, looking at the ground. She’s the eldest, at maybe nine years old. “We were playing a game, and Albert got scared. We didn’t mean to make him cry, I told you. It was an accident.”
“What on earth were you playing?” Ria asks incredulously, lifting Albert to his feet and taking his hand. He sniffles, leaning into her.
“We were playing ghosts,” pipes up another voice, a little boy this time. “Ones that sneak inside you when you’re sleeping and take over your body. We were the ghosts, and we saw Albert and pretended to steal his body. Only when we jumped out at him, he got all scared and started crying.”
That shouldn’t make me so uneasy, and yet even though I know it’s just a silly children’s game, something about his words – ghosts that take over your body – gives me that strange feeling again. It sounds like a pretty sinister game, considering the ages of these children. I glance sideways at Ria, who seems to be thinking the same thing.
 “What on earth gave you that idea?” she demands. “Has someone been telling you stories?”
“It was a big boy,” says the first girl. “He told us what Ahnah said, the bit about people who aren’t what they seem. He said ghosts snuck inside them when they were sleeping and took over their bodies. He said they might do it to us, too, and nobody would know, because they would pretend to be us…”
She tails off. Ria and I look at each other.
“Which boy was this, exactly?” Ria asks, puzzled.
“He’s got yellow hair,” says the first girl. “His friend.” She points at me.
Are they talking about Alex? Why should he want to scare little kids? Besides anything else, I didn’t think he had the imagination.
“Don’t you listen to Alex Marsden,” Ria says, rolling her eyes. “He’s an idiot. And as for you, Lucy Blake, shame on you for scaring little kids and then laughing at them. You’re old enough to know better.”
Lucy hangs her head.
“Come on, we should get home,” I say to Ria. “And so should you lot. Scarper.”
Thankfully, they do as I say. Ria scolds Albert for going out without her permission. When questioned, he admits to slipping out the door behind her when she came to look for me. He’s shivering violently; even at its shallowest, the snow comes up to his shoulders.
“You better have words with Alex,” Ria says grimly. I don’t reply; I know Alex won’t let me tell him what to do. He’s the dominant one in our friendship, the one who comes up with stuff and orders me around. It’s been that way ever since we first met in elementary school. It would probably be better if Ria spoke to him; people listen to her. She’s never liked Alex, though. I don’t really know why, but maybe she got it right, considering he chose to entertain himself by scaring small children.
I feel a little troubled by all this. I normally talk to Pip about anything that’s worrying me, but this time…
…I can’t. I don’t know why, but I just can’t do it. Maybe it’s because I can’t actually put my finger on what’s freaking me out. Instead, I go inside and sit by the fire, trying to chase away the weird feeling, and luckily Pip’s too immersed in her own thoughts to notice my preoccupation.

St. Catherine is good at adapting, and it adjusts quickly to being buried in snow. The electricity’s flaky all over town – it works more often than you’d expect, but sometimes it goes off when you’re in the middle of doing something, and comes back on five minutes later when you’ve given up and gone to dig out some candles from underneath the kitchen sink. I find our generator and try to set it up, unable to figure out why it won’t work until Pip comes along and points out that you have to put petrol in it. Eventually we get it up and running – or rather Pip does. We’ve agreed to use it only when we really need it, since we don’t have a lot of petrol. I don’t like it anyway; it smells of fumes and rattles loud enough to keep the whole street awake at night.
There’s no more snowfall to speak of, only a couple of light showers, but the layer already on the ground isn’t going anywhere, so the damage has already been done. The phones are still down, and every time we get so much as a bar of reception on our cells, it fades before we can make a call. Pip’s desperate to get hold of our parents; I almost expect people to be concerned that we’re living without responsible adults, but after all, we are seventeen now, so we should be perfectly capable of looking after ourselves.
Meanwhile, the news – when we can get it – is full of horror stories. People trapped in their houses, food shortages, power cuts in hospitals. I try to block it out, because depressing myself with other people’s problems is not going to help the situation. At any rate, nothing like that is happening here and so none of the stories on the news quite feel real. People really do seem to be pulling together – groups of them are shovelling snow off the roads to make them almost passable – if you have an SUV, anyway – and places are starting to open again. The diner, the general store, even the library. Not the elementary school though, much to Blanche’s delight. And St. Catherine doesn’t have a high school – we have to go by bus to Wrigley, the next town over, which is obviously out of the question at the moment. Christmas vacation’s come a week early.
I don’t like it, though. Every time I look at the heaps of snow which are our jailers, every time I stare up into the cold cold sky, I receive an uncomfortable and unwelcome reminder of Ahnah’s words – I have bad feelings about this snowfall.
I’m looking out into the darkness at the end of another long cold day. I keep getting the sense that something is lurking out there. For some reason – thanks a bunch, Alex – I keep thinking about ghosts. It sends a chill through me every time I remember it, even though I know it’s just some stupid story he told Lucy Blake and those other kids to scare them.
I know that. I know.
I know he’d laugh at me for hours if he knew he’d scared me with his stupid idiotic story.
What am I saying? I’m not scared. Not really. I’m not a kid.

 A few days later, I venture out to the store, since our cupboards are starting to look a bit bare. The shelves in here are looking pretty empty, too. There’s no fresh milk so I have to settle for UHT. Mom always says it’s horrible stuff, but we can’t afford to be picky right now. Bread, cheese, canned fish.
“Hey, Seth,” says a voice from behind me. I turn round and see Andrea Maxwell in the doorway. She’s a senior who takes the bus from the same stop as me and Pip and Ria.
“Hey,” I say. “What’s up?”
She shrugs. “Nothing much, but I kind of wish this snow would melt already.”
I smile sympathetically. “You’re not the only one. The kids are enjoying it, though.” I’m pretty sure the novelty still hasn’t worn off, as far as Blanche and Albert are concerned.
“Mm,” Andrea says. She looks around, like she’s worried about being overheard, and then, seeing that we’re alone except for the clerk, she lowers her voice.
“Have you heard what people are saying?”
I raise my eyebrows, confused. “Saying about what?”
“You know,” she says uncomfortably. “About the… spirits.” She looks away, embarrassed.
“Spirits?” I repeat like a parrot. Then I remember the kids at the street corner, and it dawns on me. “Oh. It wouldn’t happen to be about ghosts that take over your body, would it?”
“So you’ve heard it too,” she says, looking relieved. “You don’t… you don’t know what it’s all about, do you?”
I can see in her eyes what it’s costing her to say this. She wants to know whether there’s any truth in the rumours, and she’s afraid she’ll look silly for even entertaining the possibility.
“It’s just Ahnah,” I tell her, pushing my own worries to the back of my mind. “Ahnah and Alex Marsden, spreading stupid stories to scare people. Don’t worry about it. We’ve all got enough on our minds, what with all this snow and the power being down and everything. Ghosts are the last thing we should be thinking about right now.”
She looks at me, and I see the relief in her eyes. I think she believes me.
“Thanks,” she says. “I…don’t tell anyone.”
“Your secret is safe with me,” I say, smiling, but in a nice way. She grins, before ducking out of the store, embarrassed again. I pay for the food on autopilot, my mind on something else entirely. How have these stories spread so far and so fast? I’m startled to find that I’m not the only one who’s feeling troubled by this; Alex’s silly story about Ahnah’s stupid prediction.
Andrea did seem scared, though. Why should she ask me about the rumours, when we don’t even know each other very well?
Because she knew I wouldn’t laugh, I realize. Because she knew I wouldn’t tell anyone.
But whatever I might have said to her, I’m not entirely certain that her worry is needless. Something seems to be taking hold of the town, and I don’t know why or what it is, but…
…I admit it, I’m starting to wonder whether Alex was really making things up.
I’m starting to wonder if he knows something.

We’re held in its grip
It is more than winter that
Tears us all apart


Three

I don’t tell Ria or Pip what Andrea said, partly because I promised not to, but also because that would mean admitting it bothered me. But as it turns out, they find out anyway. It’s pretty inevitable, because suddenly a lot of people are discussing the rumours. Ghosts have gone viral.
I happen to be over at Ria’s when she first hears about it. Blanche has been playing in the snow; she comes in with her dark hair dripping and snow caked in the treads of her boots. It’s already getting dark, though it’s only early evening. She dashes in at high speed, slamming the door behind her and breathing heavily like she’s run all the way home.
“What the hell, Blanche?” Ria says. “I know you’re energetic, but…”
“It was chasing me,” she gasps, breathless. “It chased me all the way home.”
“What did?” Ria asks, turning round to stir the soup on the stove.
“A ghost,” she whispers, her eyes wide. “It wanted to steal my body.”
“What?” Ria drops the spoon into the pan with a clatter, turning back to face her sister. “Blanche, you’re going on twelve, not going on two. You know there’s no such thing as ghosts.”
“There is too,” Blanche says, taking off her boots and scattering snow all over the kitchen. “Jenny Blake told me about it. Everyone knows. There are three people in this town that have been taken over by ghosts, and nobody knows who they are because the ghosts act exactly like the person.”
“Now where have I heard that before?” Ria says, rolling her eyes. “Jenny Blake, as in Lucy Blake’s cousin?”
“So?” says Blanche defensively, sitting opposite me at the table. “I think it’s true. I know it is.”
And there it is again, the strange chill that runs right through me. But Ria’s not buying it.
“This is all Alex’s fault for starting those ridiculous rumours,” she says irritably, resuming her stirring. “He must be responsible for keeping half the kids in town awake at night. It’s just a stupid story, isn’t it, Seth?”
“Yeah,” I say, too quickly. “Yeah. It’s all complete garbage.”
“See?” Ria says. Blanche just crosses her arms, pouting. I don’t think Ria’s said anything to convince her – or to convince me, for that matter.

 It’s been a week since the snow fell, but very little has changed since that first morning. Our lives might as well be at a standstill. Most people manage to get out of their houses and clear the way to their doors, while some of us spend an afternoon carving out paths to the general store and the church, but there’s not much we can do about the drifts. They continue to tower ominously against walls and at roadsides.
I’m heading home from Ria’s in the dark, something which has never bothered me before. Today, though, I find myself looking back all the time, as if to make sure I’m not being followed. It’s stupid, I know; there’s never anything there except my own footprints in the snow.
I arrive back home, catching sight of the slash of red paint that marks the wall. There’s something strange about the house, and it takes me a moment to work out what it is – none of the lights are on. I frown, trying to suppress my worry. It’s pitch black out here – why is Pip sitting inside in the dark? For a second I think the power must have gone off again, until I notice our neighbours’ bright yellow windows illuminating the night around me. I glance round the side of the house, thinking maybe some of the back windows are lit up, but no. They’re all dark. I push open the front door, a strange feeling of apprehension coming over me. The hallway is a shadowy cave with God knows what lurking in the corners. I grope around for the light switch, trying to ignore my shaking hands, and flick it on to find…
…nothing. Everything seems to be as it should.
“Pip?” I call. “PIP!”
No response. I glance into the kitchen. The only light comes from the clock on the microwave oven, but despite the poor lighting, it’s obvious that she’s not in there. Panic begins to choke me, though I don’t really know why. I run upstairs to her room, but that’s dark too, the bed neatly made, everything as suffocatingly tidy as ever. I run back downstairs to check the lounge, which is as dark as the rest of the house. There isn’t even a fire burning in the grate.
Then, out of the darkness, a dark shape lifts its head, making me jump back in fear with my heart racing –
“Seth?” says a drowsy voice from the chesterfield.
My pulse slows again, and I feel a little foolish. “Yeah, it’s me. What’s going on? Why are you sitting here in the dark? When I came back and there were no lights on, I thought… well, I don’t know what I thought.”
“I guess I must’ve fallen asleep,” Pip says, yawning. “Turn the light on, will you? I can’t see a damn thing in here.”
I reach behind me for the switch; a moment later, her face is starkly illuminated. She looks a bit pale, but that’s probably just the light. Then again, it’s not like her to fall asleep on the chesterfield at seven thirty in the evening. I’m a bit concerned about her.
“Pip, are you OK?” I ask. “Only I’ve hardly seen you lately, even though we’re living in the same house. And why don’t you ever come with me to Ria’s? She’s your friend too, right?”
“Don’t worry about me,” she says, brushing it off. “I’m fine. I think I might have a cold or something, that’s all. My stomach…”
She trails off, pressing a hand to it. “Anyway, I don’t want to be a burden – I guess you and Ria appreciate the alone time.”
“Don’t be silly,” I say. “How are we supposed to get alone time when all her siblings are home?” 
I’m not just saying it to make Pip feel better – how many times have we escaped to the room Ria shares with her sister, only to be burst in on by Blanche?
“Pip?” I say, wishing she would answer me. “We love having you around. Don’t forget that, OK?”
She nods, and I rest my hand on her arm for a moment. It sounds like she’s feeling excluded. Now I feel bad for hogging Ria – it was so simple back when we were younger, and the three of us were just friends. Pip and Ria used to be really close; they still are, as far as I can tell, even if they don’t hang out so much as they used to.
Another problem brought to light by this stupid snowfall. Maybe Ahnah really is on to something.

I’m at Ria’s again, and once more, Pip’s declined to come. Ria’s run down to the store because she’s run out of something or other. That means I’m in charge of the kids, since Will’s helping someone with their broken-down boiler. Luckily, Eli’s at a friend’s, because I have no desire to babysit him as well. Still, everything’s quickly spiralling out of control without Ria here to hold things down.
“You’re right to be scared, Al,” Blanche is telling her younger brother. “The spirits are real. Katie Brown says Mr Anderson is possessed by one. She says everyone knows about it. He’s been acting strange, and somebody heard howling coming from his house in the middle of the night…”
Albert looks truly petrified. I know I should say something, but I find Blanche pretty intimidating.
“Blanche, leave him,” I say. “He’s only six.”
“But it’s true!” she insists. “He has to know, or how will he protect himself from them if they try to attack him? Katie says Mr Anderson walks around town in the dead of night, looking in people’s windows and searching for a victim. Only he’s not really Mr Anderson, is he? He’s just a ghost who’s taken over Mr Anderson’s body.”
“Don’t talk nonsense,” I say, though my protests sound feeble to my own ears. “I talked to Mr Anderson the other week, and I didn’t notice anything out of the ordinary.”
In reality, I haven’t seen him for months, but the lie will be justified it if it shuts her up.
“But that’s the thing,” she says, lowering her voice. “When they take over your brain, they learn how to act and speak exactly like you do. So no-one will ever know, and the spirits can live alongside us, taking us all over, one at a time…”
Albert can’t take it any more. He bursts into tears.
“For God’s sake, Blanche!” I yell. “What are you trying to do to him?”
“I’m just warning him!” she says indignantly. “I know you’re lying, Seth. You know it’s true. You believe in the spirits too, I can tell you do. You won’t admit it because you don’t want to look silly in front of Ria. You shouldn’t let her boss you around so much. I don’t.”
She’s more perceptive than I gave her credit for; I hardly know how to respond. Albert’s still sobbing on the floor – I know I should try to comfort him, but I’ve no idea how to do that. Ria’s the only one capable of calming him down once he gets going.
Meanwhile, Blanche has chosen to take my silence as confirmation. “See, you do believe,” she says triumphantly. “Hear that, Albert? Seth said I was right.”
“I said nothing of the sort!” I say indignantly, but my protests are weak, because… I’m not saying I believe in any of this, but I just can’t shake off that strange feeling…
The door opens and Ria comes in, shaking her red hair out of her snowy cap. She starts to say something, but stops as she takes in the scene. Blanche is in the rocking chair with her arms crossed defiantly, I’m sitting silently at the table, and Albert is sniffing quietly on the floor. No-one is attempting to comfort him.
Ria narrows her eyes at us.
“OK, guys,” she says. “What’s going on here?”
“Nothing,” I say.
“Seth’s a liar,” Blanche says at the same time.
Ria raises her eyebrows, looking at me suspiciously. “Seth? What’s going on?”
“He’s still pretending he doesn’t believe in the spirits,” Blanche says, cutting in again. “He obviously does, he’s just too scared to disagree with you.”
I feel my cheeks beginning to flame. Definitely too perceptive. “She’s talking garbage,” I say, as firmly as I can. “She’s just trying to scare Albert – though God knows she’s done enough of that already.”
I’ve said the right thing; Ria’s focus immediately shifts to Blanche. She begins to rebuke her for frightening Albert, and I seem to be forgotten for the moment. Blanche storms off to the girls’ room in a huff, while Albert wanders into the lounge, leaving me alone with Ria. She turns away from the sink, where she’s rinsing carrots for dinner.
“Seems like this whole town’s gone insane,” she remarks, breaking the uncomfortable silence. I can’t help but feel that it’s partially directed at me. I wonder if a part of her believed Blanche when she said I was a liar.
“It’s this snow again,” I say. “It’s turning everything pear-shaped.”
“Hmm,” Ria says, and we’re quiet again.
When I look out the window, night is beginning to close in.

I’m walking home again, at the end of another day. Everything’s settling into a comfortingly familiar routine; I spend the day at Ria’s, while Pip stays home. We’d get more peace and privacy if Ria came to ours, but she doesn’t want to leave Albert. Since their mother Louise left them five years ago, disappearing back to her home province of Quebec in the middle of the night, it’s Ria who holds the family together. Will’s always out doing his building work, trying to scrape together enough money to care for three kids and put a fourth through university. I’ve asked Ria so many times why she can’t leave Blanche to look after Albert for a couple of hours, and her answer’s always the same. She points out that Blanche is irresponsible – she goes out when she’s been told not to, she’s careless, and she gets a kick out of tormenting her little brother. If Albert burnt himself on the stove or trapped his fingers in a door or swallowed detergent, she either wouldn’t notice or wouldn’t know what to do. I can hardly argue with that, so I make my way up to the Lawrences’ every morning and spend the day in their warm, comfortable kitchen. I like it so much that I don’t even mind walking up in the freezing cold.
Pip, as I mentioned, always stays home. When I get back that evening and head into our own kitchen – larger, but much colder – I just assume she’s upstairs in her room and don’t think much of her absence. I’m home earlier than usual; it’s not really dark yet, so it doesn’t seem strange that all the lights are out.
I’ve just fetched a glass of juice from the fridge when I hear the front door creak open. I almost drop my drink in shock, wondering who it might be. Setting my tumbler down on the counter, I go out into the hallway, almost afraid what I’ll find there.
Pip’s standing on the doormat, long dark tendrils escaping from underneath her winter hat. I see her jump involuntarily, and somehow know that she was hoping to beat me home.
“Hey,” I say, surprised. “Where’ve you been?”
For a moment, I think I see her cheeks redden, but I dismiss it. It’s probably just the cold.
“Nowhere in particular,” she says. “Just out walking.”
“Oh,” I say, as she shrugs off her coat and takes it into the lounge to dry by the fire. She keeps her face turned away from me, like she’s trying to avert my eyes.
Feeling suddenly awkward, I go up to my room, wondering why suspicion is hanging over me so heavily. Maybe it’s because Pip hates the cold, or because she hasn’t been well lately. She’s refused to venture further than the wood store ever since this stupid snow fell, so why should she suddenly choose to go out walking in the cold?
And why do I suddenly have this terrible feeling inside of me?

No-one ever told me what to do
When you’re doubting people you thought you knew


Four

“So,” Ria says, raising her eyebrows in a way that’s getting all too familiar. “So. Peter Anderson, is it?”
“What about him?” I ask, though I think I already know.
“He’s possessed now, isn’t he?” she says. “Or haven’t you heard?”
“Is Blanche at it again?” I ask, avoiding the question. “She kept on about that when I was here a couple of days ago.”
“Blanche?” says Ria, wrinkling her forehead. “No, not her. I heard it from Leah-Jane Miller at the store. Just think, the woman’s got to be forty-five! I always thought she had a good head on her shoulders, until she started going on about people who were possessed by spirits! At least with the kids you can put it down to their imaginations.”
“Yeah,” I sigh. “To be honest though, I almost think they’ve got a point about Mr Anderson. Remember that time we took a shortcut across his land and he came out with a gun, yelling at us and threatening to call the police?”
Ria grins. We’d been around Blanche’s age at the time, and it had scared us half to death. Pip had been with us that day. She always used to be, back then.
“I see where you’re coming from,” she says jokingly. “But that’s just his natural disposition. He’s always been that way.”
I smile back at her, taking her hand. “Come on, let’s go find something to do. Being trapped in this town is starting to drive me crazy.”
We forget the matter for the moment, but I get the feeling it’s going to resurface later on.
Come back to haunt us, as it were.

I’m starting to worry about Pip. I don’t like to admit it, even to myself, but I’m sure something’s not right. We usually tell each other everything – we’re pretty close, for siblings. There are no secrets between us. But I can’t remember the last time I had a proper conversation with her. It was certainly before the snow fell.
Which, incidentally, I don’t think is a coincidence.
But I’ve got this idea in my head that if I can maybe engage her in conversation or something, she’ll tell me what’s bothering her – if there really is a problem. I mull it over for a while, and eventually figure that the best way to get her in same room as me for any length of time is for us to eat together. So I cook dinner, something I haven’t done in a while. I don’t like to do it too often – like my poetry, it’s something I prefer to hide. It’s another one of those things that Alex would find hilarious.
Alex won’t know about this, though. I decide it’s excusable, since it’s for Pip’s sake. I make spaghetti bolognese, which I know is her favourite. As it turns out, I don’t even need to call for her, because just as I’m setting the plates out she appears in the kitchen doorway. It seems my tactics are working already.
“What got into you?” she asks in mock amazement.
“I got sick of eating toast, I guess,” I say, which isn’t really a lie.
“I’m impressed,” she smiles, sitting down. Her attitude puts me more at ease. Maybe I’m blowing all this out of proportion?
We talk as we eat, and I begin to relax. I decide my concern must have been the product of my overactive imagination.
“This is good,” Pip says, gesturing to her plate. “You should do it more often.”
I shrug, embarrassed. “It’s OK, I guess. Hey, have you heard some of the weird stuff people have been saying?” I’ve been trying to avoid the talk about spirits, but since there’s no escaping it, I might as well get it out the way sooner rather than later.
Pip nods. “Who hasn’t?” she says. “That rumour about Mr Anderson is really pissing me off.”
I drop my fork. “You’ve heard that one? Jesus, has it spread that much? Where did you hear it, anyway? You haven’t even been out!”
And there it is again, that uncomfortable look that means she’s about to edit the truth.
“I can’t really remember,” she says. “Must’ve spoken to someone when I was out walking, I guess.”
She’s lying; even a blind person could see that. But I change the subject, for her sake. If there’s something she’d rather not tell me, then I can live with that. For the most part, she seems OK, and that’s all that matters.
Except that by the end of the meal, I’m feeling more on edge than I did at the start.

At approximately three in the morning, I wake up from a nightmare where I’m being pursued by an army of ghosts. It really frightens me, much as I hate to admit it. I keep running from them, but I’m filled with this sense of hopelessness, as if it’s inevitable that they’ll get me in the end… 
Then I wake up, staring at the ceiling of my dark room and trying to suppress the shaking.
“It was only a dream, you baby,” I mutter to myself. “Man up.”
Then I hear it – an unexpected creaking noise, approaching from further down the corridor. I freeze, heart pounding.
Creak. Creak. Creak.
What the hell?
Creak. Creak.
Someone – something – is coming toward my door. I’m clutching hold of my duvet in a way Alex would most definitely take the piss out of. But with all this talk of spirits, and someone creeping their way through my house in the dead of night, my apprehension is kind of justifiable.
The Thing, whatever it is, is now right outside my room. Quietly, I force my legs into motion and tiptoe to the door. It’s ajar; I peek through the crack into the blackness of the hallway. Shadows distort the shapes, making it difficult to see, but it’s still pretty obvious that the Thing is… Pip.
I guess that should be a relief, but it isn’t really, because everything about her – the way she’s walking, her general body language – conveys that she’s desperate not to be heard. It wouldn’t bother me if she was just trying not to disturb me, but it’s more than that – she doesn’t want me to know she’s out of bed.
I watch as she makes her way down the corridor to the stairs. She creeps downstairs, the creaking getting gradually quieter as she nears the bottom.
Then a door closes downstairs, with a muffled clap that suggests she’s trying to be quick without being too loud.
I unfreeze my limbs and climb back under the sheets. I can’t calm down my runaway heartbeat. What if she’s just going to the bathroom? says one part of my mind. And another says, There’s a bathroom up here, why would she go downstairs?
I can’t deny it any more. I can’t deny what I’m beginning to think. It’s awful, and terrible, and I hate that I’m thinking it.
But I’m thinking it all the same.
What was it Blanche said a few days ago, when she was talking about Mr Anderson?
Mr Anderson walks around town in the dead of night, looking in people’s windows and searching for a victim. Only he’s not really Mr Anderson, is he? He’s just a ghost who’s taken over Mr Anderson’s body.
I’m not really thinking this, am I? I can’t be. Except… walks around town in the dead of night.
A chill begins to work its way through me. It paralyzes my limbs, one at a time, until I can’t move an inch. My mind replays all the times Pip has acted out of character – going for a walk in the snow when she hates the cold, looking shifty when I ask her a perfectly ordinary question like “What’ve you been up to?”. Looking pale, falling asleep on the chesterfield. She never does that. Never.
I’m still lying there, paralyzed, when she finally comes back upstairs a half hour later. I listen to make sure she goes back to her room, relaxing a little when I hear her door shut. For the rest of the night, though, sleep is an impossibility.
For the first time, I’m beginning to wonder if I could be in danger.

The next day I escape the house earlier than usual, when the sun is only halfway above the horizon. I leave without having breakfast, not inclined to stay in the house a moment longer than I need to. I’ve only had about four hours’ sleep, but I couldn’t feel more alert.
I don’t know if I’ll ever feel like sleeping again.
Ria’s up, standing in the kitchen; she smiles at me through the window when she sees me coming up the snowy path. By the time I get to the house, she already has the door open. She’s still in her pyjamas and dressing gown.
“What’re you doing here so early?” she asks, dragging me inside and shutting the door behind me. I shrug, feigning indifference.
“Couldn’t sleep last night,” I say. “I had a bad dream.”
“No wonder,” she says. “It’s hardly surprising, with all this ghost nonsense going around.”
“Yeah,” I say feebly. I desperately want to confide in her, but I know she won’t believe me. She’s already made it clear that she doesn’t think there’s any truth in the rumours about spirits.
It’s not just that, though. If it’s happened to Pip – I’m not saying it has, but if it has – then there’s always the possibility it’s happened to Ria, isn’t there?
I don’t really believe that, of course – she’s the same no-nonsense Ria she’s always been. But then again, everyone’s saying the same thing, which is that there’s no real way to tell; the spirits are apparently capable of behaving exactly like their hosts.
So if it had happened, how would I know?
I feel like a bad person just for considering this, but I can’t seem to help it. And better safe than sorry, right?
Of course, there is an element of hypocrisy to the whole situation. Everyone says it’s impossible to tell who is possessed, and yet the moment anyone does anything even slightly out of the ordinary, they are condemned. But I guess even spirits slip up sometimes.
“Hello?” Ria says, waving a hand in front of my eyes. “Seth? Come back to planet Earth. And take this, you look freezing.”
She’s holding out a steaming mug of something, hot chocolate maybe. I accept it gratefully, hugging it to my chest.
Yeah, I’m sure she’s still Ria.
“Albert’s not here today, he’s spending a couple of days over at a friend’s,” says Ria. “So we can get out for once. What do you say to actually leaving the house? Just us?”
My worries begin to slip away as I lift my head to look at her.
“Sounds good,” I smile.

St. Catherine doesn’t have much to offer, but just being out is good enough; at first, anyway. Walking through the streets hand in hand feels great for a while, but eventually we have to get in out of the cold. The store’s closest, so we head in. It’s surprisingly crowded – looks like half the town is using it as shelter from the Canadian winter. The shelves are even emptier than before. The thought that we could run out of food is a bit worrying, but I try not to dwell on it. I’ve got enough on my mind as it is.
We quickly realize that coming into the store was a mistake; there only seems to be one topic of conversation amongst the customers.
And guess what it is.
A middle-aged woman is talking to the clerk in a hushed voice, telling him about all the rumours she’s heard. A group of teenage girls from school are whispering about Mr Anderson, and in the corner a couple of guys in their mid-twenties are vocally wondering if their girlfriends are possessed or just hormonal.
“Oh, for God’s sake,” Ria says through gritted teeth. “Come on, let’s get out of here. This is driving me insane.”
She drags me bodily out of the store, before I have time to protest. We walk toward the centre of town, past the abandoned gas station. It’s out of use because all the pumps are frozen up. Besides, nobody is driving anywhere.
We walk on in silence for a while. Then Ria sighs, stopping outside the diner. She turns to look at me.
“You can stop pretending,” she says, rolling her eyes. “You’re only annoying me more.”
“What?” I say, confused. I honestly don’t know what she’s talking about.
“You can stop pretending you don’t believe in all this drivel,” she clarifies. “You’ve had that same look on your face for days now, every time someone brings up these so-called ‘spirits’. Did you think I hadn’t noticed? At least be honest about it – I swear I’ve never known anyone else who’s so reluctant to have an opinion.”
There’s real anger in her voice. Why did I ever fool myself into thinking she might not have noticed? She and Blanche only have one thing in common, and that is their uncanny power of perception.
“I’m sorry, Ri,” I say, forcing myself to meet her eyes. There’s no point in lying – I’m no good at it, and she’d see right through me anyway. “You’d have said I was being stupid.”
“You are being stupid,” she says despairingly. “You and Blanche are as bad as each other. But then sensible people are in a minority at the moment, so I suppose I’ll have to tolerate your stupidity. Let’s speak no more of this, OK?”
“OK,” I agree, and in unspoken agreement we head into the diner to get away from the cold.
We find an empty booth and slide in, an awkward silence still hanging between us. We order hot drinks, which are a lifesaver in this weather, and sit there lost in our own thoughts for a while.
“Seth?” Ria says a couple of minutes later.
“What?”
“You need to trust me,” she says. “I know what you’re thinking; you’ve always been awful at hiding stuff. And I can assure you that I’m firmly in my own body, thank you very much.”
 I hesitate – that’s just what a spirit would say, isn’t it? That’s what I’d say if I was trying to convince somebody I was one of their loved ones. Yes, I believe she’s telling the truth, but believing and knowing are two different things.
“Seth,” Ria says again, more firmly. “You can’t exclude everybody on the basis that they might possibly be possessed by a spirit, or whatever crap it is you’ve fallen for. It’s just not worth is. So can we please just agree to trust each other – not that I have ever doubted you – unless we have a genuine reason why we shouldn’t? Please, Seth.”
She’s talking sense. Even if she is possessed, she’s being very reasonable, and very Ria-like – unlike Pip, who hasn’t been herself at all. I decide she’s probably right.
“Seth, say something!” Ria says, disconcerted by my silence. “You’re doing that ‘deep in thought’ face. Stop it and tell me what’s wrong.”
“What do you mean?” I ask, startled into speech. “Nothing’s wrong.”
Sometimes I think she must be a mind-reader.
“Yes it is,” she says. “You always bottle everything up. Tell me, for God’s sake.”
I don’t want to voice this aloud, but when she looks at me like that, it’s impossible not to open up to her.
“It’s Pip,” I say, looking down at the table. “I… I’m scared for her – scared of her, almost. Something’s not right with her. I know you’ll probably think I’m just being paranoid, especially with all the stuff people are saying, but… I have a really bad feeling.”
“Like one of Ahnah’s bad feelings?” she asks, almost making me laugh.
“Perhaps a little,” I smile. “But no, seriously, she’s acting really…strange. She’s been doing things she never usually does – going out in the snow when I’m not around, getting up in the middle of the night, that kind of thing.”
“So you think she’s possessed?” Ria says. At least she’s toned down the scepticism a bit, perhaps because she can hear the worry in my voice.
“Well,” I say. It’s strange to hear it put so bluntly. “Well yeah, I guess.” Even I can tell that my voice sounds off.
“Seth?” Ria says, and I realize she’s been trying to attract my attention.
“Yeah?”
“Come here.”
It’s an order, one I’m not going to disobey. I slide toward her across the booth, falling into her embrace.
“Stop worrying so much,” she says in my ear. “I’ll go talk to Pip if you like, OK? Just chat to her, make sure she’s OK. I’m sure everything’s fine. In fact, I know it is.”
“Are you sure you want to?” I ask, anxious. “What if…”
“You know I don’t believe in any of that crap,” she says, rolling her eyes at me. “I’ll leave you with Albert for a half hour or so, tomorrow morning maybe, and I’ll go speak to her.”
I hesitate. I hate the idea of putting Ria in danger, but then again, she’s almost always right. It’s not as if Pip’s tried to hurt anyone, and besides, she might be willing to tell Ria things she wouldn’t tell me. Maybe it’s just a girl thing.
“OK,” I agree.
Meanwhile, a guy in the booth in front gets up to leave. It throws me; I thought we were alone in the diner, except for a woman in the far corner who’s out of earshot. I’m certain there was no-one sitting there when we arrived, so why didn’t I notice him come in? I must have been so engrossed in my conversation with Ria that I didn’t see him. I feel uneasy, knowing he must have heard at least some of what we said.
He leaves the diner and strolls casually past the window. A jolt of recognition makes me shiver. I know that surferish blonde hair.
It’s Alex.
That makes me even more uncomfortable. He must have heard our voices, so why didn’t he come talk to us instead of lurking there eavesdropping? Unless he realized it was a private conversation and didn’t want to butt in – but I doubt it. He isn’t known for his tact.
I banish the unease from my mind. Maybe I’m not giving him enough credit.
I mean, he is one of my best friends.

This town is held
In the palm of some giant hand
And the fist is closing
Closing over us all


Five

My cell is on, even though I’ve got no reception, on the off-chance that Ria will get through to me if she needs me. On the off-chance that I can get down there in time to help her. On the off-chance I’ll be able to do anything about it.
Shut up, I tell myself. She’ll be fine. I try to focus on Albert, in case he does something dangerous – after all, that is why I’m here – but I have to give up, because he charges around so fast it makes my head hurt.
My cell’s not ringing, which could be a good or a bad thing, depending. I insisted Ria keep hers switched on in her pocket – it was a condition of my letting her go. Then again, perhaps “letting” is too a strong a word, since it’s not like I’d have been able to stop her.
It’s been about fifty minutes since she left, but that alone isn’t enough to worry me. It takes almost half that to get between our houses these days, since this snow is still stubbornly refusing to melt. It’s grey in places, or flattened, or marred by human and animal footprints, but it’s not melting. I haven’t yet managed to contact our parents – even if I can get reception, the call never goes through. I can sometimes get through to Ria’s, but anywhere further afield is out of the question.
An hour, now, which is fine. They might talk for a half hour or longer, and then it will take her another twenty minutes to walk back up here.
An hour and a half. That’s still alright, I tell myself. I know what those two are like once they get talking, especially when they haven’t seen each other in a while. Besides, Ria may already be on her way back.
She’s been gone two hours now, and I’m beginning to worry. I start to wonder if I should go back to mine and make sure everything’s OK. I could take Albert along so I don’t have to leave him by himself.
I’m just getting to my feet, still torn by indecision, when the door opens and I almost collapse with relief.
“Thank God,” I say. “I was starting to worry.”
“Surprise, surprise,” Ria says, briskly brushing snow off her gloves. “You are such a worrier, did I ever tell you that?”
“Only a few thousand times,” I say, smiling despite myself. I can’t contain my curiosity any longer. “Well?”
“Well what?”
“Did she tell you anything? Is she alright?”
“She’s fine, like I told you,” Ria answers. “Just feeling a bit down, what with the snow and being trapped in the house and everything. And you haven’t helped by being so distant with her.”
“I wasn’t being distant!” I say indignantly. “Well, maybe a little, these past couple of days, but only because I was worried!”
“Well, you can stop it,” she says firmly. “Because she’s OK and there’s nothing wrong with her. Promise me you’ll start treating her like a human being again.”
 “Of course I will,” I say. I hesitate. “You’re really sure, though?”
She gives me a look that answers my question several times over. I decide that I had better redeem myself.
“I’ll go home now, and apologize for being an idiot,” I say. “OK? Happy now?”
She nods. “Yeah, that’s a good idea actually. Let me know how you get on.”
So I go home, even though it’s still early and I don’t really feel like it. I take off my hat and peel away the layers of scarves and gloves. As I do so, I hear Pip talking on the phone in the kitchen. She must be on her cell, since the home phone still isn’t working, but who can she be talking to? It must be someone who lives in town, but I can’t think of anyone she’d want to call except maybe Ria, and they’ve just spoken.
I don’t think she heard me come in, so I pause, trying to make out her words. Maybe I can figure out who it is. I can hear that her voice is high, agitated, but try as I might, I can’t pick out the words – until three come through very, very clearly.
“No! That’s murder.”
I freeze. I trust Ria’s judgment, and I felt reassured when she said Pip was OK. But she’s already doing more strange stuff. This time she’s talking to someone unfamiliar when she thinks I’m out of the house.
Talking about murder.
And suddenly I don’t feel so reassured anymore.
Everything’s gone quiet in the kitchen. I wait a moment more, making sure the phone call is finished, before steeling myself and going in. Pip’s standing next to the table, cell clasped tightly in her hand. She has the strangest look on her face.
“Been on the phone?” I ask casually, and I see her jump. She definitely didn’t hear me come in.
“I… I was just trying to get through to Mom and Dad again,” she says, way too quickly.
I know she’s lying; I just heard her talking to someone. I think she knows I know, but she doesn’t say anything more. I remember why I came back early, but can’t bring myself to apologize to someone who keeps lying to me.
It looks I’ll have to go back to trusting nobody but myself.

It’s getting to that time of year where we see very little daylight. In the very heart of winter, we only get a few hours a day. I always dread that time – it messes up your body clock and makes getting up even more difficult than usual. On top of that, it restricts the amount of time you can spend outside and shrinks your days to half their usual length.
This year, I’m dreading it more than ever. With these stories about spirits hanging in the air, making it impossible to know who you can trust and who you can’t, the last thing I feel like doing is creeping around in the dark semi-permanently. But as the days get shorter and shorter, I know it’s inevitable.
We try to make the most of the daylight while we can. Albert is dispatched to his friends’ houses or sent out to play with Blanche, so that Ria and I can head outside for some air. Today, Ria wants to grab some of the store’s rapidly dwindling supplies. I don’t want to go in; the customers’ talk makes my head hurt and reminds me of things I’d rather not think about. Instead, I wait outside as Ria marches resolutely over the threshold. Her expression is grim – she’s clearly anticipating something similar to what we heard the other day. I hook my arms over the rail behind me, trying to call some kind of verse to mind to distract myself. It’s not working, though; I’m sick of thinking up things that rhyme with ‘snow’.
“Hey, man,” says a voice, and someone appears in front of me. Alex again.
“Hey,” I say absently. I’m too zoned out to have a proper conversation right now.
“I’ve been looking for you,” he says unexpectedly.
“Why?” I ask, puzzled. 
“To ask if you want to come with,” he says. “Tonight.”
“Come where?” I ask. Surely there’s nowhere to go when you’re snowbound in St. Catherine.
“Haven’t you heard?” he asks, sounding surprised. “I thought everyone had.”
“Heard what?”
I could swear he’s doing this on purpose.
“About Mr Anderson,” he says.
“I know what people are saying,” I say carefully. “But what’s that got to do with tonight?”
“We’re going to sort him out,” says Alex, audible excitement in his voice. “Me and my dad and Mr Miller. Maybe a couple of others. You too, if you want.”
I feel suddenly cold all over. “What exactly do you mean by ‘sort him out’?” I ask, tightening my grip on the rail behind me.
Alex shrugs. “Give him a talking to, I guess. Let him know that we know. Make sure he knows he can’t hide. You in?”
Alex’s dad is the police chief, so I’m assuming nothing illegal is planned. Still, whatever’s happening, it doesn’t sound like it’s going to be pleasant.
“No thanks,” I say.
“Suit yourself,” he shrugs, but he almost looks disappointed. Strange. Alex and I are pretty much friends by default, because our parents are friends. I always thought that if I disappeared he’d get along perfectly well without me and maybe not even notice I was gone. 
He says goodbye, apparently having no more use for me. A minute later, Ria comes out the store looking livid.
“The things people are saying!” she says through gritted teeth. “Now they’re threatening to attack Mr Anderson, because in their little fantasy world he’s possessed by spirits. It’s sickening. I just hope it’s only talk. If they were serious…”
“I just spoke to Alex,” I say. “A few of them are going up there tonight, but Chief Marsden is going to be there, so they can’t be planning anything violent. It sounds like they’re just going to talk to him.”
How naïve can a person be?
“You better be right,” Ria says, more calmly. “The poor man, he must be thinking the same thing I am – that everyone’s gone crazy.” She gives me a meaningful look, which I ignore.
I don’t know what Mr Anderson’s thinking, but in my heart of hearts I don’t believe it’s possible for a whole town to go crazy.

Back at Ria’s, Blanche is happily filling us in on the latest rumours. Apparently, if you claim spirits don’t exist, people will now assume you are possessed yourself. Blanche says this triumphantly, whilst looking pointedly at Ria.
“You better be careful what you say,” I warn, beginning to worry that she might be targeted.
“This is ridiculous!” Ria says, fuming. “Just plain stupid. Anyone with more than half a brain can see that…”
“Wait,” I say, cutting across her rant. “What’s that?”
“What?” Ria says impatiently, annoyed by my interruption.
“Out the window,” I say. “That flickering.”
As one, Blanche and Ria turn their heads toward the window. I hear Ria draw in a sharp breath.
“Oh my God,” she says. Blanche and I just stand there staring. I know what it looks like, but… it can’t be, can it?
“That’s a fire,” Ria says unnecessarily. I get up and go to the window. There’s no doubt as to what it is. The flames glare against the backdrop of the evening sky.
Someone’s house is burning.
“Blanche,” Ria says tightly, “get to bed.”
“No way,” Blanche says. “I want to see!” She joins me at the window. “Maybe it’s just a bonfire.”
“At this time, in the pitch black?” I say. “Not likely.”
“Seth,” Ria says warningly. I look back at the fire, which is fast developing into a blazing inferno. Whose place is that? It’s difficult to judge the distance in the dark, but the road is just about there, and if you followed it up and turned there, you’d get to…
Oh my God.
“Blanche,” I say. “I really think you should go to bed.”
“Why would I listen to you?” she says scornfully. “It’s nowhere near my bedtime. I’m staying here.”
“Blanche,” Ria says, with authority in her voice. “Get to bed. This instant.”
Blanche hovers, deciding whether or not to push her luck. “Fine,” she says. “I’ll go to my room, but you can’t make me go to bed.”
She stamps out, slamming the door, and then she’s gone. Everything’s very, very quiet.
“Ria,” I say. “That’s…”
“I know,” she says. So she’s figured it out, too.
It’s Mr Anderson’s.

There’s nothing we can do about it. Ria can talk all she likes about how it’s arson, and probably murder too, and someone needs to stop it, but the simple truth is that there’s no way we can get all the way over to Mr Anderson’s burning house in these conditions. We can’t even call the fire brigade.
Nothing we can do.
I tell Ria that I’m sure he got out OK. I say it was probably an accident, a coincidence, but in reality I’m not at all certain. It does seem like an awfully coincidental coincidence.
A sort of slow numbness creeps its way through my veins. Once it passes, I’ll be horrified, sickened, disgusted, but for the moment I’m just doing my best to comfort Ria and refusing to think about it. The clock’s hour hand creeps all the way up to eleven before I realize I should have headed home hours ago. Now how am I supposed to get back? Ria could lend me a torch, but in some places the snow has thinned and begun to ice over, and most likely I’d slip. If the worst came to the worst and I broke a bone, I wouldn’t even be able to call anyone, because of the no-reception thing.
Ria follows my line of sight, sighing when she sees the time. “You’d better stay here tonight. I’ll find some blankets and you can sleep on the chesterfield.”
I don’t argue. I can see how stupid it would be to try to get home.
“I should call Pip, then,” I say. “She’ll be wondering where I am. Except I’ve got no reception…”
“If you walk up the bank behind the house, you might get some,” she says. “I’ll go fetch blankets.”
I take her advice, pulling on my boots and heading out into the night. I slip a little as I climb the bank, and have to grab hold of a root. Ria’s right, though – I get a bar of reception. Pip doesn’t pick up, but she’s probably already in bed. I leave a message and hope she gets it, trying not to think about her not being…not being herself.
Since it’s a clear night, it’s even colder than usual, but even though I’m shivering, I can’t quite bring myself to go back inside. For a while I just stand there, wishing and wishing that Mom and Dad were in town. They’d know what to do. I don’t. No-one ever told me how to deal with creepy old Inuit women who tell unsettling stories about spirits that take over your body.
Over at Mr Anderson’s, the fire has been extinguished, either by the snow or by the townspeople, I don’t know which.
High above the cluster of buildings, the moon watches it all with a giant eye.

Don’t judge me, please
Don’t judge me
Don’t judge
Don’t...


Six

I can’t be the one to tell Pip about this, although she will inevitably find out at some point. I feel kind of protective; I guess I don’t want her to be hurt or frightened by what happened last night.
I’ve convinced Ria that I don’t believe there’s anything wrong with Pip, but in reality I’m still not sure. I know that sounds bad, and I know that Pip must have explained herself convincingly to Ria, but it’s hard to accept someone’s reasons when you haven’t been told what they are.
I make my way home early that morning, before Will wakes up and starts asking questions. I bump unexpectedly into Pip as I open the front door; we both jump, neither of us having expected to see the other. She’s in her outdoor clothes, but underneath her coat I can see the collar of her best shirt, and her hair’s done up nicely. She’s even wearing a bit of makeup. Strange.
“Where are you going?” I ask, trying to sound curious rather than suspicious. She answers reluctantly. “Church.”
I look at her in confusion. “You haven’t been to church in years. Why now, all of a sudden?”
She shrugs. “To pray that we get out of this mess, I guess. Besides, it’s not like I’ve got anything better to do.”
Well, I suppose that’s fair enough, but something about it just doesn’t feel right. Then again, I’m probably just being paranoid. It’s hard not to be at the moment.
Everything is more difficult when you can’t look at anyone without wondering if they’re really wearing their own skin.
By the afternoon, I’m sick of sitting in my room staring at the wall, so I wander down to St. Catherine’s limited library. I don’t hold out much hope for my search of the shelves, but you never know. I can’t think of any other way to pass the time; I’ve arranged to go to Ria’s for lunch, since she wanted to sleep in this morning.
Like most public places in town, the library is crowded, probably because it has a working heater. I’d kind of been looking forward to the peace, but I’m out of luck. Everyone seems to be talking, regardless of the ‘Quiet, please’ signs on the walls. Nobody’s even asking them to keep it down, because the librarians are both talking too. I sigh, almost wondering why I bothered, but I didn’t come all the way over here in the freezing cold for nothing. I head over to the adult section.
There’s no escaping the stories, though. I overhear several people telling the latest ones, though a lot of them are fairly questionable. When they’re coming from eight-year-old mouths, you can be reasonably certain that they’re not true, but where adults are concerned there’s a bit of a grey area; it’s hard to discern who’s telling the truth and who’s making it up just for the sake of telling a story.
Right now, the women on the opposite side of the shelf are discussing a new one, one I haven’t heard before. Someone, probably a friend of a friend, allegedly woke up to see a dark shape crawling across the floor toward the bed, but when she turned on the light it disappeared. She knows it’s true, because the next night her husband woke up and saw the same thing, except this time it was moving along the walls. It sounds like it could have stemmed from a mix of shadows and paranoia, but who knows? I’m nothing if not open-minded.
Someone once said that if you open your mind too much, people will throw all kinds of trash into it, but that statement itself sounds like trash to me. Being open-minded is not the same as believing every dubious fact the media – and other people – thrust your way.
These days, I notice a lot of people sitting or standing by themselves, avoiding everyone else as if no-one can be trusted. They regard other people warily, and never stay in once place for very long. Now the fear’s taken hold, it’s not going anywhere.
 When I go to check out my books – an old volume of poetry I’ve never heard of, and an OK-looking thriller – I can’t help noticing the books stacked on the counter in front of me. It would undoubtedly fill Ria with despair, but to me it’s just more confirmation of the inevitable. The only novel in the pile is called Ghosts of My Past, and the others are all about true cases of suspected paranormal activity. When I put my books down, the librarian looks almost surprised – as Ria says, normalcy’s not so common round here anymore.
When I get back outside, the streets are all empty. Now I think about it, they were the same earlier on, but at the time I didn’t really notice it. Suddenly, it’s painfully obvious. Of course there aren’t any vehicles – the snow still won’t allow that, and even if it did, where is there to drive to? But usually there are at least a few kids out, playing and sledging on the thinner patches or throwing snowballs at each other. Not today, though.
It’s perfectly plausible that everyone’s just sick of being out in the cold, but I can’t rid myself of this mental image of people cowering in their basements, barely communicating with their own families. People coming out only to fearfully share whispered stories of the dark things that haunt their houses at night. I’ve heard rumours that some people are taking sleeping pills before they go to bed because they’re petrified of waking up to find they’re not alone in their rooms. I don’t know if that’s true, but I’m not sure why anyone would consider it preferable to be unconscious if a spirit was trying to take possession of their body. I mean, how would they fight back?
This must be terrifying for the kids, especially as it seems most parents are too frightened to comfort their children. Personally, though, I find it difficult to believe most of the stories I’ve heard; I believe in a more subtle kind of haunting. I believe in the slow repossession of our minds, so gradual that nobody will notice until they succumb to it…
I push the thought from my mind. I’ve still got a couple of hours of daylight to kill; I consider heading up to Ria’s and dragging her out of bed, but I’ve just thought of a more productive – though less pleasant – undertaking. I could find Alex and ask him about what happened last night. Ask him why he was involved in it.
Get him to confirm that the fire was no coincidence.
I can’t think of many things I’d less rather do, but I’ll have to confront him sometime, so I might as well get it over with. I change direction in the middle of the street and head for the Marsdens’. It’s a while since I’ve been over there, anyway – maybe I should be spending more time with Alex.
But if he was a part of what happened last night, do I really want to?

I’ve got mixed feelings as I knock at the door. I’m almost nervous about this, though I don’t know exactly what I’m afraid of – knowing the truth, maybe.
It’s ages before anyone answers. I’m about to give up, feeling almost grateful that I’ve been blessed with an excuse to leave. Then someone flips the latch and the door swings open. It’s Alex, so he’s not out or anything. Damn.
“Oh. Seth,” he says. I don’t know who he was expecting. I’m unnerved by his sober expression; he never stops smiling unless something is badly wrong.
“Yeah, me,” I say. “Can I come in, or are you just going to leave me out here?”
“Leave you there,” he says, and to my relief, I glimpse the ghost of his smile as he opens the door wider. “Come on then, quick, before I get screamed at for leaving the door open.”
I step into the hallway and shake the snow off my boots. The house is as quiet as the streets are; there’s no sign of his parents. I tell myself that this is in no way significant.
“So, what’re you doing here?” he asks bluntly. “You never come here without a reason.”
“Yeah, there’s a reason,” I say. “Last night.”
“I was hoping you weren’t going to say that,” he sighs. “Look, before you start tossing accusations around, it wasn’t me, OK? I honestly thought they were just going up there to speak to him. When I saw that things were getting nasty, I got the hell out of there.” 
I take a deep breath. “I hope that’s true.”
“It is. Cross my heart and hope to die, and all that crap.”
“I suppose it would be stupid to ask whether he got out?”
He gives me a look that tells me just how stupid a question that would be. No, of course he didn’t get out. He wasn’t supposed to.
“It really upset Ria,” I say. “She called it murder.” I’m not going to tell him what I call it; I still don’t know. I don’t know if Mr Anderson was really Mr Anderson. I don’t know if Mr Miller and the Marsdens knew whether he was really Mr Anderson.
“Doesn’t she let you have your own opinions, then?” Alex asks. It’s sarcasm, but his tone isn’t particularly sarcastic, which is disorienting somehow. I decide it’s probably best to ignore it.
“Tell me,” I say. “How you could be so sure that Mr Anderson wasn’t himself? Did your dad and Mr Miller have proof conclusive enough to justify setting fire to his house while he was still inside?”
“Jesus, I told you, I wasn’t a part of it! I don’t know, OK? People said he’d been doing bad stuff recently, strange stuff. I know what you’re about to ask, did we – I mean they – have any proof? And the answer is no, I guess not, but they were thinking about the safety of the rest of the town. Sometimes you’ve got to take chances. Do you think I feel good about it? Can’t you see it’s killing me right now, the not knowing, even though it wasn’t my fault?”
I don’t think I’ve ever heard him speak so passionately on a topic other than snowboarding. I’m so taken aback that I don’t know what to say for a moment.
“So you definitely believe in all this, then?” I finally ask.
He shrugs helplessly. “I guess I must. I don’t know. I think I believe in it as far as you can believe in anything without having proof that it’s true. Kind of like religion.”
He sounds so unlike himself that I find myself making excuses for him in my head. I have to remind myself that he had a hand in spreading the rumours in the first place. But whatever he did or didn’t do, he’s already beating himself up enough – there’s no sense in adding to it. I make an excuse and leave, feeling sick and tired of this whole situation. I’m so busy contemplating various things that I forget to look where I’m going, which is why I almost bump into Ahnah.
“Watch out, Seth Campbell,” she says. “It is always advisable to look before you leap.”
I just look at her. She caused this mess, whether or not she intended to do so.
“Terrible things are happening in this town, Seth Campbell,” she says. “Terrible things.”
“I guess you’re just pissed because you’ve got one less demon to rant about after last night.”
The words seem to leave my mouth without intervention from my brain. It’s too late to take them back; I could apologize, but then again, she doesn’t seem to be particularly insulted by my insolence.
“Ah, no, Seth Campbell,” she says solemnly. “That’s where you’re wrong. There are still three in this town, three who are not what they seem.”
“What?” I stare at her. “What are you saying? Are you saying that Mr Anderson wasn’t… wasn’t…”
I can’t say it. It’s too unthinkable.
She doesn’t answer me, anyhow. She gives me a strange little smile before turning and walking off, leaving tiny birdlike footprints in the snow. Leaving me without answers to any of the terrible questions in my head.

As if the snow hasn’t already caused enough unpleasantness, trash is starting to pile up in the streets. It’s obviously going to happen, since we can neither take it away nor leave it inside, but it does make the streets pretty unpleasant. I hate the way it adds to the desolate atmosphere that’s starting to pervade the town.
There are no Christmas decorations. I’m walking back from the library when that first occurs to me; the realization darkens my mental state further with every step. I can’t pinpoint the exact date, but it’s certainly more than halfway through December, and there’s not a coloured light or a piece of tinsel in sight. Some people put theirs up in late November, but I guess they must have taken them down again, as if happiness isn’t welcome here anymore. It feels more like Halloween than Christmas, but with the element of fun removed, and this hideous sense of something invisible just lurking. Not to mention our minds, which are full of ghost stories and horror stories and people who aren’t what they seem.
Houses burning. People dying. Only one so far, but…where will it end? Do Mr Miller and the Marsdens know something we don’t?
How do I know who to believe?

There are only two left. That’s what people are saying now; one’s gone, but we’re no safer, because the other two are getting stronger. I don’t know how they know these things, but I hear them whispered from one person to another with utter conviction. At first I don’t understand what they mean by ‘getting stronger’, but as I listen some more it becomes a little clearer. It means the spirits are getting better at disguising what they are, coming to be so much like their hosts that there’s barely a chance they’ll be suspected at all. But I have a niggling feeling that this isn’t going to deter anyone from pointing the finger, from victimizing and maybe hurting someone else on the basis that they might possibly be possessed. Someone who’s a bit different to the rest of us, or who prefers their own company to that of other people, the way Mr Anderson did.
What did he think when the flames first started to lick at the walls? How did he feel when he realized there would be no escape? Did he know who was responsible for the fire? Did it even occur to him that it might not have been an accident?
Someone else’s home could be reduced to ashes, along with his or her life, as punishment for the crime of being different. A sort of sick curiosity draws me toward Mr Anderson’s land, as if want to see what’s left, but I check myself. It won’t do anyone any good. It’s far too late now to do anything about it.
But whenever I gaze out of Ria’s kitchen window at that blackened patch on the hill, it makes me wonder. What would have happened if I’d gone along with Alex that night?
It makes me wonder if I could have stopped it.
And then I feel guilty for something I didn’t do. 

Lately it seems
All my questions are rhetorical
Because no-one ever answers


Seven

More trouble begins one evening when screams ring out from the hillside. I’m on my way home from Ria’s when I hear it; it seems to pierce all the way through my consciousness and slash into my soul. Other people are beginning to emerge from their houses, and no wonder – the screams are so distressing I feel like I’m being torn up inside. And it’s not just one person who’s in trouble; I can make out at least two separate voices. 
A few doors down, Mr Miller steps out of his house and catches my eye. We exchange an alarmed look. I know he was partially to blame for what happened at Mr Anderson’s, but the unearthly screaming binds us together for a moment.
“What the –” he starts, approaching me. “What in the name of God is that?”
“I don’t know,” I say, knowing with a sickening certainty that I’m going to find out pretty soon. “I don’t know, but I guess we should go see what’s going on.”
He probably wants to go up there about as much as I do, but since you can’t ignore someone when they’re desperately crying out for help, we fetch torches and make our way up the hill.
It’s soon obvious that the screaming is coming from Mr Anderson’s place, or rather the plot of land where his place used to be. The heart-wrenching wails die down as we approach. What kind of person has chosen to come up here after dark?
We’re making our way through the charred remains of Mr Anderson’s front gate when three startled pairs of eyes jump out at us from the darkness. At the same time, their owners shriek and shrink back at the sight of us. Once we get over the initial shock, it’s obvious that the intruders are only kids – when Mr Miller pans his torch beam over them, I recognize all three. There’s Jenny Blake, and Katie Brown, and… Blanche. Their faces are streaked with tear tracks, and they’re clinging to each other, shaking all over. Their terror is authentic enough to scare me in itself; what could possibly have made them cry like that?
And scream like that?
I can tell Mr Miller’s thinking the same thing. He seems to be wondering how best to put the question to them.
“What…” he starts. Jenny tightens her grip on Blanche’s hand.
“We saw Mr Anderson,” she whispers.
 Ice runs through my veins, and I have to remind myself that they’re only eleven and probably imagined the whole thing. Mr Miller looks at them oddly, unconvinced.
“Girls, I think you need to get home to your parents,” he says. “You shouldn’t be out so late, especially not in the dark and the cold. Me and Seth will walk you back to town. You have nothing to be afraid of – you’ll be safe with us.”
“You don’t believe us,” says Blanche, quivering. “It’s true, I promise. He came at us, burning all over, and his clothes were turning to ash.”
“He wanted to kill us,” breathes Katie.
Mr Miller clearly doesn’t know how to deal with hysterical pre-teen girls. Ria would know what to say, but she’s not here, so I guess we’ll just have to do the best we can. I’m starting to feel ill at ease here; thanks to these three, I’m unable to rid myself of the image of Mr Anderson leaping out of the dark ruins of his house.
 On fire.
“Blanche,” I say. It seems wisest to appeal to her, since she’s the only one I really know. “Ria would hate it if she knew you were up here. She’s probably worrying about you and wondering where you are. You can’t stay here all night, anyhow. Come on, I’ll take you home.”
Mr Miller smiles gratefully at me as Blanche reluctantly disentangles herself from her friends. The other two trail fearfully after us as we head back down the narrow road, away from Mr Anderson’s.

It’s morning, and Ria’s not happy.
“First they murder the poor man, and now they won’t even let him rest in peace!” she growls. “And you’re not exactly helping the situation by believing every damn thing they say!”
“I don’t believe all of it,” I say uncomfortably.
“Oh no?” she says, arching her eyebrows. “Prove it, then. Come with me to Mr Anderson’s.”
My arguments won’t sway her. She’s convinced that Blanche and her friends were imagining things last night, and she’s determined to prove it to me. I can’t let her go by herself, so I agree to go along. After all, the wan winter sun is shining, albeit dimly. Nothing is so scary by the light of day.
It’s blustery, and my hair keeps blowing around, obscuring my vision. It’s grown again; it’s almost as long as Ria’s. If these were happier times, she’d probably be teasing me about it.
The house’s timber frame is charred, but still looks fairly sturdy. The walls are a different story, though – they’re all but gone, and most of the roof has fallen in too. The place looks lonely, almost as if it’s mourning its owner. The wind stirs up tornadoes of ash that fly in our faces and sting our eyes.
“This place is giving me the creeps,” I say, as Ria pushes open the rickety gate. “You’ve proved your point – there’s nothing here. Let’s go.”
“You’re not scared, are you?” she grins. “Maybe you should – oh my God!”
She jumps backward, and I catch her elbows to steady her. “What?”
“Something moved, over there.”
There’s a stronger gust of wind, and something flaps at the edge of my vision. Heart pounding, I skirt around the edge of the frame – and start to laugh.
“What?” Ria demands, walking up behind me. “What is it?”
“A tarpaulin,” I say, grinning. “Over the wood store. You weren’t scared, were you?”
“Shut up,” she says, punching my arm, which only makes me laugh harder. We wait a moment more, but nothing else happens. 
“I bet that’s all Blanche saw,” Ria says. “She probably freaked out and let her imagination run wild, rather than actually using her eyes. You know how she is.”
“Maybe,” I concede. “Hopefully.” I remember Ria’s face when she first noticed the tarpaulin flapping in the wind, and try not to snigger.

The laughter doesn’t last. Time is running out for someone else. People are whispering about who the second person might be, but I’m still haunted by what Ahnah said to me after Mr Anderson’s death. There are still three in this town, three who aren’t what they seem. 
I’m worried about Ria. She hardly makes a secret of her opinions. If someone should hear her voicing her them, they’d probably accuse her of being possessed, with potentially unthinkable consequences.
Ria, though, is too busy worrying about other people to care. It’s typical of her to put other people before herself, including those who don’t deserve her concern.
I know that something isn’t right when I enter the Lawrence house to the sound of coughing. 
If it was just someone clearing their throat, I wouldn’t think twice about it, but this is different – it’s violent, hacking. It seems to be coming from one of the bedrooms.
Eli is sitting in front of the stove, playing some mindless game on his cell. He doesn’t look up when I come in.
“Who is that?” I frown, gesturing in the direction of the coughing.
“Blanche, I guess,” he says, shrugging indifferently. “She’s been at it all morning.”
He seems to consider it an inconvenience rather than a concern. I glance around the kitchen.
“Where’s Ria?” I ask. 
Eli obviously couldn’t care less. “Gone out somewhere, or something. Albert’s with her.”
The coughing gets louder.
I don’t like Blanche, but I’m starting to feel concerned about her nevertheless. I knock at the girls’ bedroom door. There’s no response. The coughing pauses briefly, before resuming yet more violently.
I push open the door. Blanche is sitting up in bed, looking pale and ill. She looks surprised to see me – she must’ve been expecting Ria.
“Blanche? What’s wrong?” I ask.
Clutching at her chest, she points toward the dresser. There’s an asthma pump on top of it, which I toss it toward her. She sucks in the medicine; even that seems to demand more strength than she has.
“Thanks,” she says, the coughing subsiding a little. “Every time I tried to go fetch it, the coughing got worse. Don’t tell Ria.”
“Don’t tell me what?” says Ria, coming in behind me. I can hear Albert careening around in the hallway. Ria turns round to hush him. “Quiet, Al.”
She looks between me and Blanche, raising her eyebrows as she sees the asthma pump clutched in her sister’s hands.
“Nothing,” says Blanche, coughing again. Ria scrutinizes her suspiciously, but doesn’t press the subject.
“I’ll make you some honey and lemon for your throat,” she says, going back into the kitchen. I follow her out, closing the door quietly behind me.
“The cold makes her chest tight,” Ria says, once Blanche is out of earshot. She sounds stressed. “And her preventer’s run out. The clinic is closed, so I’ve just been to the drugstore, but they don’t have any left. I’m at my wits’ end. There’s a history of serious asthma in our family. What if she needs a doctor? Dr White might be able to get here, but…”
I put a hand over her mouth. “Stop it,” I say, wrapping my free arm around her. “Stop worrying. It’s not going to help, is it?”
“No, I know,” she sighs. “You’re right. It’ll be fine, we’ll get through this. Oh, I forgot – there’s another meeting tomorrow. God only knows what it’s about, but since we probably won’t have anything better to do…”
“Yeah, we’ll go,” I decide. “Maybe I can convince Pip to come along too.”
A smile lights up her face, and I know I’ve said the right thing.
“That would be nice,” she agrees.

Pip’s at the kitchen table when I get home. She mumbles a greeting, and I notice that her eyes look reddish, as if she’s been crying.
“Pip? Are you OK?” I ask.
“I’m fine,” she says. “Honestly, I am. Just a bit emotional, for some reason.”
“A girl thing?” I say. That makes her smile, albeit a little strangely.
“Something like that,” she agrees. She hesitates, like she wants to say something more but doesn’t know how.
“What?” I say.
“You know these rumours about the – the spirits?”
Doesn’t everyone?
“Yeah…what about them?”
“You…” she tries. “This is going to sound stupid, but…you don’t think I’m one of them, do you?”
I try not to look guilty. “Pip, what is it? Has someone been saying things to you?”
Now it’s her turn to look guilty. “I – no, only – some people have noticed that I’m not around much, and I wanted to make sure that you –”
She looks down at the table, not finishing her sentence.
“Don’t listen to them, Pip,” I say, fear coursing through me. I want to know who she means by ‘some people’. “Tell you what, there’s another meeting tomorrow. If you come along with me and Ria, people will see you and stop suspecting things. That should put an end to all this.”
In reality, I think the damage has already been done, but I guess Pip wants to believe it’s reversible; as do I, for that matter. She hesitates.
“OK,” she says.

Trying not to live in the past
But the laughter doesn't last
It's all moving too fast
And we’re losing the fight


Eight

We arrive early for the meeting. No-one’s here yet, except Mr Miller and the two Marsdens, who are standing around the side of the building. I avoid them like the plague, but can’t resist the urge to listen in on their conversation.
“…telling people to leave their houses,” Mr Miller murmurs. “Which puts them in more danger.”
“This whole meeting thing is making me suspicious,” says Chief Marsden. “Why call it in the first place? It can’t be a coincidence.”
What can’t be a coincidence? What are they talking about?
I consider listening more, in the hope of finding out, until Alex turns round and catches my eye. I look hurriedly away, deciding it would be best to go inside before they start to suspect me of eavesdropping. They’d probably decide I needed to be disposed of. I shudder at the thought.
Far fewer people turn up to this meeting, compared with the last. There’s seating room for everyone, and even some empty spaces. Everyone looks tired, or unwell, or both. Last time we were here, there were children everywhere, running around and throwing snowballs. Today, everyone seems to have left their kids at home, aside from a young woman down the front with a wailing baby in her lap. Her bright pink hair is growing out at the roots – I guess hair dye is getting hard to come by.
Ria’s brought Albert along, since she needs to keep an eye on him. Blanche, though, has been made to stay at home. Pip’s here, which feels strange, since we’ve been spending so much time without her lately.
The mayor gets up on stage again; the whole scene is like a distortion of déjà vu. Almost everything he says goes in one ear and straight out the other. The only bit I really pick out is the part about a ‘recent tragedy’. He describes Mr Anderson’s death as a ‘terrible accident’; at that point, I can’t help but let out a bitter laugh. Pip looks sadly at me, but doesn’t say anything.
Then things take an appalling turn.
At the back of the room, three guys get to their feet. Someone screams; our heads all turn simultaneously. The men are Mr Miller, Chief Marsden…and Alex. And they all have guns.
The mayor breaks off mid-sentence. People get up so fast they knock their chairs over as they desperately scramble for the doors. Ria’s panicking and screaming Albert’s name – I guess he must’ve disappeared amidst the chaos. I scan the crowd for his face, but don’t really expect to find it; he’s just so small. Pip stands stony-faced at my side.
The gunmen begin to plough their way through the confusion. People scatter, forming a suffocating mass. I grab hold of Pip and Ria, determined not to lose them. I’ve no idea who the target might be, but I’m not taking any chances.
Alex. Why did I ever believe a word that came out of his lying mouth?
As they reach the front of the hall, Alex turns and catches my eye. I try to condense all my loathing into one poisonous look. He winces slightly and diverts his gaze to a spot slightly to my left, almost as if he’s looking at Pip. Meanwhile, his companions clamber up onto the stage, and suddenly I remember their conversation from earlier on.
I know who they came to kill.
The mayor cowers, shrinking back against the wall.
“Enough,” Ria says in my ear. She’s found Albert, and looks a little calmer for it. We break into a run; Ria scoops up her little brother, while I have to tug Pip along by her arm. She doesn’t seem inclined to leave the hall – she’s frozen to the spot, staring up at the stage.
She looks like she’s seen a ghost.
We fight our way through the doors just as the first gunshot sounds. Albert is crying, and Pip’s gasping like she’s having a panic attack. We burst out into the dirty, gritty snow, stumbling down the steps onto the street. Pip falls to her knees and begins to throw up on the sidewalk.
For a moment, I just look on hopelessly. I can’t think what to do.
“Hold her hair,” Ria instructs, cradling the tearful Albert. I kneel at Pip’s side, pulling back the dark tendrils that keep falling over her face. People stream frantically around us, seeking escape from the carnage.
Pip takes a deep breath and gets shakily to her feet, wiping at her mouth with a tissue.
“Sorry,” she whispers. “I just – when I saw them there – Alex…”
Ria looks at her with concern. “She might be in shock, Seth. Let’s get her home.” We each take one of her arms, supporting her as best we can. I don’t blame her for throwing up; I feel like doing the same myself.
“Poor thing,” Ria says in an undertone, once Pip is settled in her room. We’re standing in the hallway – or rather, our hallway. This house belongs to me and Pip until our parents get home. It’s starting to feel like it will be ours forever.
“I just don’t feel like I know her anymore,” I confess. “When I talk to her, I get the sense she’s keeping things from me.”
Ria sighs. “She’s just worried,” she says. “And can you blame her? She’s probably wondering if she’s the next target. No wonder she feels sick.” The look she gives me is loaded.
“I believe her now, you know I do,” I say defensively. “So does she, for that matter. I told her so myself.”
But when I think back to my conversation with Pip, I’m uncomfortably aware that I didn’t really say so, not in so many words.

It’s less than a week before the campaign posters start appearing around town.
St. Catherine needs a new mayor, and the friendly local murderers have decided that one of them should take the office. Alex is too young, and his father is the police chief – not that you’d know it – so it falls to Mr Miller to take on the ‘responsibility’. Now there are posters at the bus stop, and the store, and even the town hall, which is in pretty bad taste. I wonder who cleaned up after the shooting, and then wish I hadn’t.
No-one else is running for the position. Maybe they’ve all got enough to worry about as it is. Maybe they agree Mr Miller is the best person for the job, if they’re clinically insane.
But it’s more likely that they’re afraid.
There’s a clear message written in the mayor’s shooting; status won’t save you.
I just wish I knew if they had proof. Did they know for certain who they were killing?
I still want to believe they’re innocent. 

As I knock at the door, I feel absurd and on edge all at once. What am I doing? Surely I suffer enough of this as it is, without actively seeking her out on top of it all?
It takes her a while to shuffle to the door. Disappointingly, she doesn’t live in an igloo, or a hut made of deerskins. It’s just an ordinary, shabby house, much like the Lawrences’, but even tinier.
When she lays eyes on me, the expression on her face can only be described as smug.
“Seth Campbell,” she says, almost gleefully.
“Yes,” I say. “Can I come in?”
She moves aside to let me in, leading me into a closet-sized living room.
“Aren’t you going to ask me why I’m here?” I ask, tentatively seating myself on the edge of a well-worn armchair.
She blinks at me. “I don’t need to,” she says simply.
“No?” I say, trying to be cynical, but if I’m honest, I believe her.
“No.”
“Alright then,” I say. “So tell me. Why am I here? What do I want to know?”
“You want to know the truth about these rumours,” she says. I nod, expectant.
“Then you have come to the wrong place, Seth Campbell,” she says softly. “It is not my place to tell you that.”
“Then whose place is it?” I ask irritably. “How am I supposed to know? How do I know who to believe?”
“You are not supposed to know. Why should you be entitled to that knowledge when the rest of the town is not? Perhaps I myself do not know. Had you considered that?”
I don’t believe that for a second. She must know. She was the one who started all this.
“At least tell me about Mr Anderson and the mayor,” I plead. “After Mr Anderson died, you said…”
“That there were still three who weren’t as they seemed,” she finished. “I remember. My answer now has not changed. There are still three in this town who are not as they seem. Remember that, and keep your loved ones close. You will need them in times to come.”
I get to my feet.
“Fine,” I say, shaking with suppressed rage. “If you’re just going to watch as we’re all butchered one by one, then who am I to condemn you? But you were the one who did this, and you are the only one who can end it.”
I don’t wait for a response. I storm out of the door, slamming it shut behind me. What a waste of time.
What more were you expecting? whispers a voice in my head.

When I bump into Ria, she’s bleeding.
She walks briskly toward me along the path, clutching a bloodstained tissue to her left eye. I run to meet her, concern speeding up my heartbeat.
“What happened?” I ask, reaching for her and holding her tight. “Did you fall?”
“No,” she says, and I can feel her shaking in my arms. “It wasn’t an accident.”
She begins to explain what happened.
It started when I didn’t turn up to hers at the usual time. I didn’t tell her I’d be late – I was going to claim I’d slept in, rather than tell her I’d been to visit Ahnah. I didn’t give her enough credit, though. She knows it’s not like me to sleep late, so she started to worry that something was wrong. She was on her way down to ours when she encountered a group of unpleasant guys.
Just a month ago, St. Catherine was an exceptionally safe place to live, but that was a different time, an age ago. The snow has changed people. There isn’t enough food to go around, the electricity and water supplies are unreliable, and everyone is frightened, even those who don’t believe. The four men Ria bumped into were half-crazed with fear and boredom. One of them half-jokingly suggested that she must be possessed, since she was wandering round town by herself and refused to tell them where she was going when questioned. The other three took his comment a little too seriously. They’d been drinking the night before, and one of them went too far and hit her. She ran for it, and luckily they were too unstable to follow her.
By the time Ria finishes her story, her voice is a little quivery. I wouldn’t have blamed her for crying, but she’s tough, and all she does is lean her head against my shoulder.
“Please, no more going out alone,” I beg her. “I’ll come with you if you need to go anywhere, and if I’m not around, ask Eli or your dad.”
“Eli? Not likely,” she laughs bitterly. “And I swear I never even see Dad anymore. Someone always has a cracked pipe or a leaking roof that they need fixing. As for you, I wouldn’t have left the house if you hadn’t disappeared on me. Which reminds me – where have you been?”
I consider lying, but my conscience won’t let me.
“Ahnah’s,” I admit.
“Ahnah’s? Why?”
“I just thought…I don’t know what I thought. That maybe she knew the truth about all this. If she does, she’s not talking. But can you blame me for trying?” My voice rises at the end, making me sound angrier than I meant to.
“I know,” Ria says softly. “I want to understand, too.” Then, unexpectedly, she laughs. “I’m bleeding on you.”
Sure enough, there’s a patch of red spreading across my shirt. I’m not inclined to laugh back. The sight of it makes me so mad.
“I wish I could go find those losers and hurt them way more than they hurt you,” I mutter.
“That wouldn’t solve anything,” she says firmly. “Besides, they were big guys. You know the type – skinheads, tattoos…”
“And I’m skinny with stupid hair?” I laugh, kissing her. “I’m hurt by your lack of faith in me. Come on, let’s get you home and patch you up. Pip will be pleased to see you.”
I make light of it, but I’m still furious, and scared too. If those men were prepared to launch an entirely unprovoked attack on Ria, what would they do to Pip if they caught her walking around alone? I’ll warn her, of course – but she’s stubborn, and I don’t think she wants me following her around, wherever it is she goes when she’s supposedly out walking.
Even if she did let me accompany her, I’m not certain I could prevent someone from hurting her, if the worst came to the worst.
I’m powerless.
When will this end?

Losing control of
My life and
My fate and
My mind


Nine

As mayor, the first thing Mr Miller does is impose a curfew. If you are caught out after sundown, you will be penalised. Since sunset is edging closer to midday with every passing day, I’m wondering how long it will be before we aren’t allowed out at all.
He’s also fired the former mayor’s deputy and employed Chief Marsden in his place.
Someone hit my girlfriend in the street, and I can’t even go to the police chief, because he himself has been murdering innocent people – assuming that what Ahnah says is true. What a mess.
On top of all that, people are beginning to realize that this isn’t a game.
People are ill and dying, and St. Catherine doesn’t have a hospital. The store’s supplies are very nearly exhausted, and a lot of people are going hungry. Parents in particular are going without, near-starving themselves so their children can eat.
Like Pip, Mom is ridiculously organized, and she always keeps our cupboards full in case we got snowed in – though even she couldn’t have anticipated anything on this scale. Still, Pip and I will be alright for a few more weeks, and by then, the snow should hopefully have melted. I don’t want to consider what will happen if it hasn’t.
We rarely have TV or radio signal, and when we do, the news isn’t cheerful. Seems like the rest of the country is in the same boat. Like us, most places have drifts so tall they can’t even get the ploughs on the road.
I can’t take Ria to a doctor, either. Dr. White is only coming out to those with serious injuries or illnesses, so Pip and I have to patch her up as best we can with the contents of our bathroom cabinet.
“I look like I’ve been in a fight,” she complains a few days later. People are openly staring at her in the street; seems like their manners have disappeared along with their wits.
“You look beautiful, as always,” I say, meaning it.
“Ew,” says Blanche, who’s tagging along like the little pest she is.
“Shut up,” I say. “Or I’ll point out that cough you’re trying to hide, and Ria will send you home to bed.”
Blanche glowers at me.
“I had noticed, actually,” Ria says. “I was contemplating the same thing.”
“I hate you both,” Blanche says, with such vehemence that I almost believe her. “Why can’t I go hang out with people I actually like?”
“Because, in case you hadn’t noticed, there are insane drunkards beating up random passers-by,” I say. “And knowing you, you wouldn’t have the sense to run.”
She opens her mouth, but Ria jumps in before she has time to contradict me. “Don’t argue, Blanche. You seem to be forgetting that last time you went out with your friends, the three of you started screaming loud enough to wake the dead, and got so worked up that Seth had to bring you home. Learn to control that overactive imagination of yours, and maybe I’ll let you go out with your friends again.”
That tips Blanche over the edge. “Let me? Who do you think you are? You don’t control me! You’re not my mother!”
A less patient person might have flipped out on her. A less composed person might have gotten upset when they were reminded that Louise left them to bring each other up. Ria, though, does neither of those things.
“You,” she says, grabbing her sister by the shoulders, “are an ungrateful little madam. I’m the closest to a mother you’re likely to get, so I’d appreciate it if you’d at least treat me with some respect. If you’re not careful, you might lose me too.”
She doesn’t even raise her voice, but Blanche shrinks back from her, looking sulkily at the ground. She knows she’s in the wrong, though she won’t admit to it.
It’s only a minor dispute, but it’s the first one so far, the first sign that things are breaking apart.
The second happens only a day later. I’m charring some half-frozen bread on the stovetop in the living room – the electricity is down again – when a creak behind me makes me jump about a mile in the air.
“Jesus, Pip!” I say, spinning around to face her. “Do you have to creep up on me like that? I nearly had a heart attack!”
I expect her to mutter a mild apology, but she actually looks kind of pissed off.
“You’re just jumpy because you’re thinking about those stupid ghosts,” she accuses. “You’re probably still wondering if I am one.”
In that moment, I glimpse the shadow of a younger, more stubborn Pip. When we were in our early teens, she was often defiant and wilful, but she seemed to outgrow all that as she grew older.
“Don’t jump to conclusions,” I say irritably. “I told you I didn’t believe in any of that crap. What else do you want me to say? Do I have to prove myself to you?”
“You could at least act like you mean it,” she says. “And sound like you mean it. You still look at me suspiciously. You’re hardly any better than those people who say stuff about me behind my back.” Her voice is cracking. She’s almost in tears, and yet for some reason I can’t summon up any sympathy.
“That’s right, pity yourself,” I say testily. “What do you expect people to think? You don’t leave the house, you continue to avoid people even though you know they’ll jump to conclusions…I don’t know why you’re doing it. No-one does! Except maybe Ria, but she’s not talking. Hell, for all I know, the two of you are in league!” I’m shouting now. I didn’t mean to raise my voice, but now I can’t seem to shut myself up. “I’ve tried to talk to you, to make peace, to find out what’s wrong – because something is wrong – but you’re not responding. Don’t you think I’ve got enough on my mind already, without having to deal with this too?”
Her glare becomes a stare. Then her eyes fill up with tears and she dashes from the room, clutching her stomach like she’s going to be sick. I slump back into an armchair, suddenly exhausted.
By the time I remember my toast, it’s nothing but a heap of carbonized black lumps, breaking apart on the stovetop.

When I wake the next morning, it’s so dark that I’m convinced my clock is fast. Black clouds hang oppressively over the town, and night seems to reign even at midday. I begin to worry that we’re going to get more snow, and have to refrain from going to Ria’s in case I get stuck up there. Of course, that leaves me alone with Pip, which is a little awkward after our argument last night. We avoid each other for most of the day, and when I bump into her in the kitchen, she just mutters an apology and slips back up to her room.
I can be a pretty solitary person, but by the end of the day even I’m craving human contact. Someone knocks on my bedroom door at around five o’clock, and by then I’m too lonely to stay angry.
“Come in,” I say cautiously.
It’s dark outside, and my light is off, but I can still distinguish Pip’s outline in the doorway.
“Hey,” I say, surprised. “What’s up?”
She doesn’t answer at first, which freaks me out a bit.
“I just came to talk,” she says at last.
“Oh,” I say. “OK. Talk away.”
Pip hesitates, before seating herself tentatively at the edge of my bed. There never used to be any awkwardness between us. This all happened because of the snow, I think – but no, perhaps it started earlier than that, back when Ria and I became a couple and made our trio a twosome.
“I came to apologize,” she confesses. “I said some unreasonable stuff last night. I’ve been feeling down lately and I…I just…”
Her voice cracks. She looks down at her lap, not finishing her sentence.
“Pip,” I say gently. “If something’s wrong, tell me, please. How am I supposed to help you if I don’t even know what the problem is?”
She looks up at me vulnerably, and for the briefest moment, I think she’s actually going to tell me. Then she bites her lip and shakes her head slightly.
“I…I can’t…” she whispers. Her eyes fill up with tears, and before I can offer any words of comfort, they spill over. Wordlessly, I put an arm around her and let her sob into my shoulder. That only seems to make her cry harder. I’m only a half hour older than she is, but sometimes she’s more like a little sister than a twin.
“Is it those rumours that are upsetting you?” I ask helplessly. She’s scaring me a bit, but one of us has to keep up the pretence of being strong and in control. “I won’t let anyone hurt you, Pip. You know that, right?”
She mumbles something incomprehensible.
“What was that?”
“I said,” she repeats more distinctly, “it’s not about the rumours.”
“Then what is it about?” I rack my brains, running through the possibilities. What else could be troubling her?
Her tears seem to be drying up now; she ignores my question.
“I don’t want to fight anymore,” she says instead. 
“Nor me,” I say. “I’m sorry if Ria and I have been leaving you out. If you ever want her to yourself for a bit, just ask.”
She shakes her head, smiling now. “I’m not keeping you apart. The world needs more couples like you two.”
We sit up talking all night, laughing and whispering like we’re eight years old again, and really feeling like twins for the first time in months.

Two arguments down. I guess it follows that there will be another, if you think about it – I’ve noticed that a lot of stuff comes in threes, bad stuff especially.
Still, that seems like a negative way of looking at things, and God knows there’s enough negativity around as it is. Besides, Blanche is now behaving more civilly toward Ria, while I feel closer to Pip than I have for months, so I figure some good has come out of our disagreements.
I still don’t quite understand what’s going on with Pip, if I’m honest, but I’m coming to terms with that. It seems like some semblance of normality is returning, as far as that’s possible when the whole town is buried under several feet of snow and cut off from the outside world. Life is going as well as can be expected, so naturally, something else comes along to shatter the peace.
It’s a little past midnight, a couple of days after I argued with Pip. For some reason, we’re both still up, sitting dozily in the living room. I’m staring blankly at my notebook, trying futilely to fit some lines together. Pip’s huddled up on the hearthrug, knees tucked under her chin, as close to the stove as she can physically get without burning herself. She spent fifteen minutes or so reading, but she’s not feeling too well, so she’s abandoned her book face-down on the floor. She always seems to be ill at the moment, which is starting to worry me. She insists she’s fine, though, and I don’t want to push it.
We’ve both been silent for a while now; it’s late, and we’re getting tired. Maybe that’s why the sound across the street seems so loud, though it’s nothing more than a soft click – the opening of a door, perhaps. It doesn’t really register at first, until I hear it slam shut again. Then I begin to wonder who would be out at this time of night, and why, especially now the curfew’s in force. It’s a subtle thing, but somehow it feels significant.
Pip’s heard it too. The silence takes on an eerie quality, as we look at each other, wondering.
“It’s probably nothing,” I say, finding my voice. “Just someone –”
I break off, hearing footsteps outside in the street.
I don’t really want to know who’s out there, but I pull myself together, getting to my feet and peering around the curtain. My heart almost stops at the sight of a small, pale figure pacing slowly down the centre of the street, dragging its feet through the snow.
“What is it?” asks Pip, joining me at the window. I expect her to freak out when she sees it, but she looks on quite calmly as it shuffles past the window.
“Aren’t you scared?” I whisper.
“No,” she says, appearing to be surprised by the suggestion. “She looks more lonely than scary, whoever she is.”
“Maybe you’re right,” I agree. “It’s still a bit creepy, though.”
“Not it,” Pip insists. “She. Look, she’s wearing a dress or a skirt or something.”
I look back at the figure, and find that she’s right – again. “Either that, or it’s wearing a cloak,” I suggest. “Like a vampire.”
She hits my arm, giving me a look of mock-consternation. “Don’t be silly,” she says. “Where do you think she’s going?”
The figure, who appears to be a little girl, has turned around and is heading back the way she came.
“Home, I suppose,” I say, but I’ve spoken too soon. The girl stops and climbs the steps to another front door. I happen to know that there aren’t any little girls living in that particular house.
“Oh, God,” Pip says. “That’s Mr Miller’s house! Seth, we have to do something. What will he do to her if he finds her on his doorstep in the middle of the night?”
I don’t even want to think about that. I remember that Mr Miller keeps a gun by his door.
Pip gasps, as the girl begins to push repeatedly on the door. She looks like she’s trying to break it down. She’s vaguely familiar, but I can’t figure out where I know her from.
“We have to do something!” Pip repeats.
“But what if she –” I begin.
“Don’t even go there,” Pip says, regarding me unsmilingly. “You said you didn’t believe in that stuff anymore.”
“Well, I don’t, but…oh, alright, I’m going already!” I let her push me around too much, I think as I pull on my boots.
Outside, the night air bites bitterly at my exposed hands and face. The little girl is still shoving uselessly at Mr Miller’s door, becoming more frantic with every passing second.
“Hey!” I call. “I think you’ve got the wrong house.”
She stops pushing at the door and turns to face me. I shiver, but not because of the cold.
Her eyes are closed. She’s asleep.
She’s just sleepwalking, I tell myself. Nothing to be afraid of. Lots of kids do it. That’s the only reason why she’s wandering around.
Somehow, though, I don’t really feel reassured. Uncomfortably, I remember that scene in Dracula when Lucy Westenra wanders out into the churchyard in her sleep. And look how that turned out.
It’s an unnerving thought, but I swallow my misgivings. I finally realize where I recognize the girl from – she’s one of Blanche’s friends. Katie Brown, isn’t that her name? The one from Mr Anderson’s.
“Come on, kid,” I say, trying to put an arm around her shoulders so I can guide her down the steps. “Let’s get you home.”
Then her eyes fly open. She looks at me fearfully, surveying the street around her with terror and bemusement. “What…where…?”
“You sleepwalked out into the street, that’s all,” I tell her, trying to sound reassuring. Why couldn’t Pip have done this? Katie would probably have found her less intimidating than me; I’m just some random guy she barely knows. Which is probably why she’s staring at me like I’ve just grown an extra head.
“I don’t sleepwalk,” she says.
Before I can digest this, Mr Miller’s door clicks open, bathing us in light from his hallway.
“Who’s out here?” he calls. He has his gun grasped tightly in his hands; the barrel is pointing in our direction. Oh, God. Katie shrinks back against me in fear.
“The kid was sleepwalking,” I say, making to lead her down the street. “I’m taking her home.”
“Stop right there,” he says, and I hear him flick off the safety. “You’re not taking her anywhere.”

Who is this person I am?
He is braver than
He is braver than
me


Ten

“Stop that,” I say, amazed by the firmness of my voice. “She’s just a little girl. Leave her alone.”
“Ordinary little girls don’t wander around town in the dead of night,” he says, deadpan. His words make me shiver again. He walks around town in the dead of night, looking in people’s windows and searching for a victim.
“She probably had a nightmare,” I say. “And no wonder, with all that’s been going on lately.” I give him a meaningful look. God, I hate him right now. He used to be almost like an uncle to me – how things have changed.
“Seth, we both know that’s not true,” he says patronizingly. “You’re still a kid too, and kids make mistakes. Stop being so irresponsible. Step aside.”
Instead, I step in front of her. Does he seriously think I’m going to let him shoot at a little girl? I’d rather not die here tonight, but hopefully it won’t come to that.
 “Katie?” says a sleepy voice from behind us.
We’re being watched by a middle-aged woman who must be Katie’s mother. She’s still half-asleep, rubbing her eyes and tightening the strap of her dressing gown. She looks between me, Mr Miller and Katie, fear and confusion mingling in her expression. A man appears behind her, looking positively livid. He must be Katie’s father.
“I don’t know what’s going on here, but you both better get the hell away from my daughter,” he growls.
“But Seth was protecting me,” Katie protests. “He’s the one who wanted to shoot me!” She points tremulously in Mr Miller’s direction.
“Get over here, Katie,” her father says. “I want you away from that gun.”
“Go to your parents,” I say, giving her a gentle push in their direction.
Katie’s father addresses Mr Miller, who’s leaning stonelike against the doorframe. The gun is still raised, aimed at the spot where Katie was standing a moment earlier.
“I know what you are,” he says in a low voice. “You’re a liar and murderer, and if I ever catch you near my daughter again, I’ll give you a taste of your own medicine.”
Mr Miller raises his eyebrows slightly. “Is that so? Maybe you should check she is your daughter first. I bet she’s never sleepwalked before in her life. In fact, I’d put money on it.”
Her parents don’t reply, but their faces confirm it.
“So maybe next time you should all think twice before leaping to her defence,” Mr Miller says, retreating into his house and slamming the door behind him.

Katie’s parents are quick to thank me once they realize whose side I was on. Katie herself is genuinely puzzled by the whole incident, including why she should have been sleepwalking tonight when she has never done so before in her life. I refuse to let it bother me, though – there are so many possible explanations. Most likely it was just fear-induced restlessness.
At least now I know that Pip, Ria and I aren’t the only ones who see right through our so-called mayor.
Pip is waiting by the window when I get back in. She was watching the whole time. Her face is expressionless.
“The world is messed up,” she says.
“Don’t blame the world,” I say. “The human race messed it up.”
“That could be one of your poems,” she smiles. That makes me smile, too, in spite of everything.
As I hug her goodnight, I make a silent vow to protect her, and to prevent her from becoming the next target.

It turns out that my vow may be harder to keep than I first thought.
The whispered stories begin to spread. It’s slow, and it’s subtle, but it’s happening. I notice that people often stop talking when I walk by. At first I wonder if I’m being paranoid, but my suspicions are soon confirmed – the neighbours start shooting me sideways glances, and stop saying hello.
Some are more tactful than others, of course.
One day, someone in the street spots me and yells out something unrepeatable about Pip. I don’t even recognize the guy. I just keep walking, knowing it’s better not to retaliate, but a part of me wants to turn round and punch his lights out.
It gets so bad that I’m scared to leave Pip at home alone. I don’t tell her how serious it is, because I don’t want to scare her, but I always lock the door behind me when I go up to Ria’s, just in case – like that would stop someone who really wanted to get in.
Then the third argument happens.
“I just don’t understand how it got out,” I say to Ria. “I did have suspicions about her, for a time, but I never told anyone except you.”
“It wasn’t that it ‘got out’,” she says. “It’s just that everyone else jumped to the same stupid conclusion you did.”
The ‘stupid’ part is a bit harsh. “Pip was acting strange,” I say defensively. “And the two of you just kept your little secret to yourselves and let me jump to those ‘stupid conclusions’ without bothering to correct me.”
“I haven’t got time for this crap,” she snaps at me. “Pip asked me not to say anything. She was feeling really down, remember? Surely by now you should trust me far enough to take my word for it?”
“You should both have trusted me far enough to let me know what was really going on!” I retort.
“That wasn’t my decision to make,” she says, grimly calm. “Take it up with Pip, if you must, but please don’t condemn me for keeping a promise.”
Illogically, that just makes me angrier. I think back to the moment I first told Ria about my fears. That time, she put her arms around me and told me not to worry. I felt so close to her at that moment. Right now I feel like a lost ship, drifting hopelessly away from the only safe shores I’ve ever known.
Then it hits me, the terrible thought. Ria was the only one I told. She’s the only one who could possibly have spread those rumours.
“It was you,” I say. There’s a horrible conviction taking hold of me. “You told someone. You must have. You probably mentioned it to Blanche, and I bet she told all her little friends, and it kept spreading until it was out of control.”
Ria stares at me like I’ve just slapped her. She stays silent for a moment. Then, very quietly, she says, “How can you say that?”
“You’re the only one I told,” I repeat. “What am I supposed to think?”
“What am I supposed to think?” she mocks. “You’re always asking me that. That’s your trouble, isn’t it? You can’t think for yourself. Mostly you just get me to do it for you, and if I’m not around, you start coming up with stupid paranoid conspiracy theories. Please, just get out. I can’t deal with you right now.”
I do exactly that, storming out and slamming the door behind me. I’m furious until I get about halfway down the hill, and then I start to feel guilt, and sadness, and a bunch of other emotions I can’t name. Ria and I have never fought before, not like that. I’m hurt by some of the stuff she said about me, but I guess she’s feeling the same way.
Three arguments. It’s always three, isn’t it? A lot of stuff comes in threes, bad stuff especially. Three people who aren’t what they seem.
“Why are you back so early?” Pip asks in surprise, appearing in the hallway as I walk through the front door. It’s only half three, but it’s already getting dark.
I hadn’t intended to tell her what happened, but it all spills out somehow.
“Had a fight with Ria,” I mutter.
“You and Ria fought?” she asks incredulously. “What about?”
I shrug uncomfortably. “Just stuff. Everyone’s a bit stressed at the moment…”
“And you just walked out without apologising?”
“She told me to get out.”
“That’s not like Ria,” Pip muses. “Want me to talk to her?”
“That’s kind of the last thing I need,” I say, “seeing as she was accusing me of being unable to think for myself. Asking my sister to resolve the argument for me would hardly help matters.” The words are acid in my mouth.
“Oh,” says Pip. She pauses. “You must’ve said something that really pissed her off.”
“I guess I did,” I agree, grimacing at the memory.

The first day is agony. The second is worse. I miss Ria like hell, and the guilt is tearing me apart inside. Maybe she told someone and maybe she didn’t, but I’m starting to realize that I don’t have the right to condemn her without proof.
On the third day, I give in and dial her home phone, followed by her cell. She doesn’t pick up either time. I’m the only one who ever calls her these days, so that probably explains why she’s ignoring it.
But I’m a worrier, and a part of me keeps going, What if something is wrong and that’s why no-one’s answering the phone? What if something has happened to her?
I would obviously have been told if something was wrong; in fact, I’d have been the first person to know. Even if the Lawrences had forgotten my existence, I’m sure I’d feel it if anything had happened to Ria. That alone, though, is not enough to put my mind at ease.
The fourth day is no different to the third, but on the fifth day, someone picks up. I ask if I can speak to Ria, and the receiver is slammed down again.
On the sixth day, Blanche answers. “Ria can’t come to the phone right now,” she says in a sing-song voice.
“Why not?”
“Because she doesn’t like you anymore,” Blanche explains helpfully. “Bye bye.” Then she hangs up.
As I lie in bed that night, Ahnah’s words seem to echo through the corridors of my mind.
“There are still three in this town who are not as they seem. Remember that, and keep your loved ones close. You will need them in times to come.”
I realize I’ve managed to do the exact opposite, and wonder if Ahnah knew this was going to happen. “This is all her fault,” I mutter. It feels good to blame someone else for a change.
A week passes, and I decide that enough is enough. Ahnah was right about one thing, at least – I need Ria, and I will get her to talk to me. I decide that if she won’t answer my phone calls, I’ll have to go up there myself, and pray she doesn’t slam the door in my face.
She picks up the phone today. My heart rate speeds up at the sound of her voice. “Don’t hang up,” I say.
“You have ten seconds to explain why I shouldn’t.”
“Because I miss you,” I say. “And I need you.”
“That’s a good start,” she says. “What else?”
“Because I’m sorry, and I know I was wrong. Although you were too, you know. I can make my own decisions, but I do rely on you to make sure they’re not too stupid.”
“Like you ever listen to me when I tell you you’re being stupid,” she mutters, but she sounds exasperated rather than angry, which I guess is a good thing. “I’m almost convinced, but not quite. Give me another reason why I shouldn’t hang up.”
I sigh as I rack my brains. Then inspiration strikes. “Because of the mountain,” I say. The line goes silent as she pauses, remembering.
The mountain isn’t very big. It rises up to the east of St. Catherine, and for half the year it’s invisible, enveloped in a white haze. In the height of summer, though, the snow melts – most of it, anyway – and you can climb the trails to the summit.
That July, Pip, Ria and I were fourteen, and our goal was to climb the mountain. We’d been planning it since winter, but on the morning we were due to go, Pip said she felt ill. Ria and I were going to postpone it, but Pip insisted she didn’t really want to go anyway and told us to go ahead.
We started out just before midday and climbed all afternoon. We were both in good shape, but it was still more challenging than we’d been expecting. Eventually, though, we did it. We stopped, and turned around, and below us there was this incredible view; a lake glinting at the base of the mountain, the foothills throwing the banks into shadow, sharp-edged boulders peppering the hillside. The sun started to set, and that was when I kissed her.
It was at least a year later when it finally occurred to me that Pip hadn’t seemed ill in the least. I guess all the while we’d been planning the trip, she’d been planning to be ill. I owe her one.
“So?” I ask Ria, breaking the silence. “Are you convinced yet?”
On the other end of the line, she sighs with resignation. “I guess I’ll have to be,” she says. “OK, I’ll forgive you. Just don’t do it again, that’s all.”
“I’m glad of that, because I just my boots on,” I say, feeling a weight lift off my shoulders. “I’ll be at yours in fifteen minutes or so.”
She laughs. “Bye, then.”
“Bye. Love you.”
“You’re an idiot, but I love you too.”

Don’t hate on the world
The world’s not to blame
We were the ones who made it this way.


Eleven

The bears arrive without warning, just as the sun is setting.
Their jagged black outlines merge into the reddish light as though they’re bathed in blood. Unhurriedly, they lumber over the banks and down the hill, past Ria’s house and the ruins of Mr Anderson’s.
Ria and I have been on good terms again for the past few days, and I’m on my way home when the shapes catch my eye. Frowning, I raise a hand to shield my eyes from the sunset glare. At first I think it’s a trick of the light, but no. Something big is heading this way.
It doesn’t take me long to figure out what it is. We don’t usually get too many bears this close to town, but they’re common in the surrounding forest. They’re usually peaceful, but these are desperate times. I must admit, I hadn’t spared a thought for the wildlife; lately, I’ve been more concerned about our own emptying cupboards.
I can see the other two now, moving like a single entity. Three again, I can’t help but think. Like Goldilocks. Forget thirteen – three is the ultimate unlucky number.
In the centre of town, people are gathering to watch their advance. It doesn’t seem to have occurred to them that they could be in danger, although unsurprisingly, Mr Miller seems to view it as an excuse to get out his gun.
“They’re skinny as hell,” he remarks to no-one in particular. “Half-starved – or three-quarters-starved. Probably won’t put up much of a fight.” He flicks off the safety; the sound sends a shudder through me. I think from now on I’ll remember that night every time I hear a click – Katie Brown standing in the road in her nightdress, and Mr Miller leaning casually in his doorway with the gun pointed at her head.
Mr Miller’s right, though, for the first time in a very long time. Now the bears are closer, it’s obvious that they’re weak with hunger. I’m more inclined to feel sorry for them than scared of them; they’ve trekked God knows how far in search of food and instead they’re set to meet with the wrong end of a gun.
“Think we should go meet them, Tom?” Mr Miller asks, turning to Chief Marsden. The Chief shakes his head.
“Let them come. That hill is a killer, and they’re not worth the sweat.”
The bears momentarily disappear out of sight where the ground levels out. The next we hear of them is the screaming, coming from a few streets away. One voice sounds like a kid’s.
Some people retreat to their houses, but others, me included, follow Mr Miller in the direction of the screams.
We’re expecting some kind of carnage, but when we find the first bear, a large male, it’s done nothing other than tip over an overfilled trash can. It’s pawing through it, no doubt looking for something edible. A woman and a toddler, the source of the screaming, are standing behind it, frozen with fear.
“Don’t move, ma’am,” Mr Miller says, aiming his gun at the bear.
“Are you crazy?” I demand. “What if you miss and end up hitting her or the kid?”
“I don’t miss,” he says. I give him a venomous look.
“Oh, alright then.” He turns back to the mother and her kid. “Move it,” he says. “If you’re still there in five seconds I’ll shoot anyway.”
The woman scoops up the kid and scurries out of the way. Just then, the bear looks up from the trash and calmly begins to lope away. Perfect timing.
Mr Miller fires off a hurried shot, but it goes wide. Funny – I thought he didn’t miss. Maybe this will check his ego.
I decide to take the bear’s side; it’s almost comical, watching it lope around the corner and into the next street with Mr Miller in hot pursuit.
Then I hear the shot, and the shout of triumph, and all of sudden it’s not so funny anymore. I can’t help it – I edge around the corner and see it, a dark shape sprawled out across a snowdrift like a bearskin rug. Blood is leaking out of a gunshot wound in its side, staining the snow crimson. There’s still a flicker of life in its eyes, so Mr Miller shoots again. The lights go out, and somewhere behind us, the toddler starts to cry.
“Where’d the other two go?” Mr Miller says, but nobody seems to know. He pulls out his cell. He probably intends to call Chief Marsden, who went the other way, but he can’t get reception.
“Piece of crap,” he mutters, hurling it at the ground, where the screen cracks.
After a half hour of futile searching, a young guy comes running round the corner, gasping that he knows where the second bear is. I don’t even know why I’m following – I hate every minute of this. It must be morbid fascination, the same thing that drew me to the burnt-out shell of Mr Anderson’s house.
The second bear has climbed a tree. This one looks like a female; it’s painfully thin, but defiant. It looks smug rather than afraid. Mr Miller curses.
“Can’t shoot it up there,” he mutters irritably.
“You could try,” I say. “After all, you don’t miss.”
He gives me a withering look. “At least I’m doing something,” he says. “Maybe you should get back home to your soul-sucking sister.”
Again, I get the urge to punch him. It’s too common a temptation these days.
They throw rocks at the poor creature, fire off warning shots, even shout abuse at it, like it has a clue what they’re saying. They might as well not have bothered, for all the success they have – the bear just continues to watch them serenely from the treetop.
Finally, when Mr Miller has resolved to shoot anyway and hope for the best, a strange thing happens – the animal begins to descend the tree, observing us as calmly as the first bear did. We’re all so startled that no-one moves for a moment. We watch as it lowers itself to the ground with a bizarre kind of grace, before stopping and regarding us with an unnervingly human expression. I wait for it to get the hell out of there, but it doesn’t move an inch. It just stands there watching, until Mr Miller snaps out of it and shoots. It only takes one bullet to finish it off, and yet somehow it feels like the bear has won.
The third bear has befriended a few kids a couple of streets away. It’s just a cub, a spirited little thing. The kids have dug out some half-frozen processed burgers from somewhere; they’re feeding it, trying not to get their fingers nipped and laughing as it wolfs the meat down without stopping to chew.
The scene initially makes me smile, but Mr Miller looks furious.
“Get back,” he snaps at them. “That’s a wild animal, not a pet dog.”
“He looks like a teddy bear,” the youngest girl says, looking beseechingly up at him.
Mr Miller snorts derisively. “Enough,” he says grimly. “That beast is dangerous, especially now it’s been fed. What the hell were you thinking, wasting our food on that? We don’t even have enough to feed ourselves!”
The little girl starts to cry. The other kids look like they might, too.
“Just get back, kids,” I say, though it tears at me inside. “You don’t want to get hurt.”
I do my best to coax them away from the animal.
“You’d best get home,” I tell them, giving Mr Miller a look that says he better not shoot while they’re watching.
They’ve barely crossed the thresholds of their respective homes when he fires the final shot of the day. As the sound dies away, it feels like all humanity is gone from this town.

“At least Albert wasn’t one of those kids,” Ria says after I tell her what happened. “You know how he gets. It would’ve traumatized him.”
“It was enough to scar any kid for life,” I say, trying to forget. “Where is Albert, anyway?”
“Sleeping,” Ria answers. “He’s not well – he has a cold or something. Blanche seems better, though. Her asthma hasn’t been so bad lately. I actually let her go visit her friends, so maybe by the time she gets home she won’t be so crabby.”
“Good luck,” I laugh.
“Yeah,” she says, a little sadly. “There’s barely any food left in the cupboards, which isn’t helping. I’m trying to eat less so the others don’t have to go without, but it’s a struggle.”
“You’ve got to eat properly, Ri,” I say, concerned. “What happens if you get sick? Where will the kids be then?”
“I know, I know,” she sighs. “I won’t do anything stupid. Only – I’m just sick of this, you know? The constant worrying about food and firewood and the kids…and I feel so trapped in this goddamn place.”
“Hey,” I say, touching her arm. “It’ll be OK.”
There’s a moment of silence. The kitchen is dark; the power’s off again. Ria looks up at the clock on the windowsill, and gasps.
“Oh my God, Seth, look!”
“What?” I say, and then I see.
The darkened sky is illuminated by bands of shifting light, reddish and greenish and beautiful. We stare transfixed at the ribbons, as they ripple and weave their way through the sky.
“The Lights,” I whisper. “I haven’t seen them here since I was a kid. It must’ve been nearly ten years ago.”
“Come on, then!” Ria says, jumping up and grabbing my hand. “Let’s go see!”
We run out into the icy night air and scramble as high up the bank as we can get. We watch the light show play itself out, arms wrapped around each other for warmth. For a while, there’s nothing in my mind but the lights and the rippling and Ria.
We stand there for a long time, oblivious to the cold. Ria leans her head against my shoulder, and neither of us moves until the lights begin to fade away.
When they’re finally extinguished, the sky fades to black like someone’s punched the power-off button. I jolt back to the present; it’s like waking up from a trance. I feel Ria shiver at my side.
“Let’s get back inside,” I say. “It’s freezing.”
We trudge indoors, and it somehow feels like a little of the magic has followed us. I almost believe it will last until dawn, but I guess that was never meant to happen.

When midnight is approaching
Cold follows the warmth
One more glimpse of beauty
The calm before the storm


Twelve

Someone’s pounding on the door and rattling the lock. Ria and I look at each other in alarm.
“Open the door!” screams the voice. “Ria, Seth, for God’s sake, this is important!”
“Blanche,” Ria and I say simultaneously. Ria unbolts the door, and Blanche almost falls inside. She’s breathing heavily, clearly finding it difficult to get air into her lungs. She’s trying to say something, but her lungs won’t let her make the sounds.
Ria grabs her sister’s asthma pump from the counter, thrusting it in her direction.
“Calm down, or it’s just going to get worse,” she says firmly. Blanche sucks in the medicine. Her breathing sounds a little easier now, but she’s still gesturing frantically.
“Seth,” she finally gets out. “You need to get back home. It’s Pip. Mr Miller’s been telling everyone she’s dangerous, and they’re all heading over there. You need to get down there really fast.”
Ria and I look at each other, panic flooding our eyes. Wordlessly, we begin to tug on our boots, fumbling with the laces in our haste. We both know what ‘heading over there’ means.
Blanche is watching us impatiently, hovering by the door like she’s waiting for us.
“No, Blanche,” Ria says, guessing her intentions. “You’re staying here. No arguments.”
A coughing fit racks Blanche’s frame. “I’m…coming,” she chokes out.
“Take your pump again and go get into bed,” says Ria. “Come on, Seth.”
We exit the house, and Ria slams the door in Blanche’s face. We’re running as quickly as is possible without running the risk of slipping over, but that isn’t fast enough, so we speed up. Ria stumbles at the end of the drive, and I only just manage to catch her in time. Twenty yards later, I do the same and she has to catch me. I keep hold of her hand, clasping it tightly in mine. We’re stronger together; for a moment, I really believe we can do something about this. The odds are against us, though; it’s pitch black, the ice is lethal, and all we can see is the pallid, frozen snow.
“I’m so scared they’ll hurt her,” I gasp as we push ourselves to go faster. My lungs feel like they’re about to burst.
Ria’s too out-of-breath to answer. It’s a situation of blind panic – staggering through knee-deep snow and hurtling onward in any direction we can, unable even to tell if we’re going the right way. Finally, we get down to the road that runs through the centre of town. The snow here has been cleared and stamped almost flat, so we break into a sprint. The surface is coated in ice, but there’s no time for caution. Every time one of us slips, the other is almost dragged down too, but neither of us is willing to give up the simple comfort of having a hand to hold.
We’re only a street away when we see something that almost stops us in our tracks. Outside the house – our house – there are people. It’d be bad enough if there were only a few of them, but at least two hundred people have turned out to witness this barbarism. People I know, people who used to sit in our kitchen laughing with our parents, people I go to school with. People who love Pip, who always smiled at her when they passed her in the street, or commented on how pretty she was. Now they just stand there, rigid as tombstones. I can’t find a trace of those ordinary people in their expressions, but then again, they don’t actually seem to be doing anything.
“What’s going on here?” I say forcefully.
I already know the answer, but I want to hear them say it. Maybe then I’ll be able to accept that it’s true.
Silence. Their eyes are all dead, blank. Some look a little confused, but most faces are devoid of emotion.
“Why are they just standing there?” I mutter to Ria, frustration rising inside me. “Why don’t they answer?”
“Seth,” Ria says urgently, “look. The door’s open. I think someone’s inside.”
My head snaps around, and sure enough, the exposed hallway is gaping like some beast’s maw. With a sinking feeling, I realize I forgot to lock the door before I left. It doesn’t really make a difference, though. They’d probably have broken it down if they’d found it locked.
“There are three guys in there,” says an unexpected voice from the front. “They said they didn’t need anyone else’s help. We’re just standing guard.”
I don’t have time to ask them exactly what they think they’re standing guard against. I run for the front steps with Ria right behind me. Quickly, I scan the pale faces, trying to make out our unseen benefactor. I can’t tell who it might be; everyone looks the same in this goddamn darkness. I almost expect someone to detain us, but they all remain immobile. Inside the house, everything’s black as the night outside. Everything is silent – until I hear the noise.
It’s just voices, nothing more sinister than that, but they’re low and hushed and frantic, and I don’t like it.
“They’re in the kitchen,” says Ria from behind me. She’s right. I push open the door, and walk straight into two burly guys – Chief Marsden and Mr Miller. Just the sight of them makes me feel sick. Dread twists at my stomach. Why are they leaving? Does that mean they’ve finished what they came to do? Disgust washes over me, mixed with fear and horror and God only knows what else. I feel faint, but fight off the blind panic.
“What the hell are you doing in my house?” I ask, pulling myself together. I spit the words at them with as much venom as I can muster.
“Don’t mind us, we were just leaving,” says Mr Miller. “Kid said he’d finish it. It’s a nasty job, but we gotta do what we gotta do. Sorry, Seth.”
They push past me, shoving their way out into the hallway. Behind me, Ria’s quaking with suppressed rage. I’ve got other things on my mind, though. I’ll be angry later, but right now I need to get to Pip. Who did Mr Miller mean by ‘the kid’? I can’t think who it might be…
I push open the kitchen door; everything seems to take twice as long as usual. When I finally see what’s going on, time seems to stop. Behind me, I hear Ria make a strangled noise as she looks past me into the room. I know she’s saying something, something panicked about a baby, but it’s not registering.
 A small thin figure lies on the tiled floor, long dark locks of hair fanning out around it. It’s very still and very quiet, spotted with patches of crimson. But that’s not the worst part – that honour goes to the boy who’s standing above the figure, holding one of the dining chairs in the air. It’s just an ordinary chair; it should be tucked beneath the ordinary table in our ordinary kitchen. It was never meant to be a weapon.
To add insult to injury, it’s the chair where she always sits. God, I can’t take this. I can’t watch him raise it above his head. I can’t bear to see him bring it down on her with the force of a boulder rolling down a hillside. I can’t let him break her once and for all.
He’s still the same, with that blonde hair, and that face that always bears an easygoing smile – except now it’s wearing an expression of intense concentration instead.
Then time starts ticking again, and I’m there, knocking it out of his grip. It clatters harmlessly to the floor, one leg catching a vase that’s perched on the table. It plunges over the edge and shatters into tiny pieces on the kitchen floor. She put it there only yesterday, filling it with holly because that was the only form of life she could find poking through the snow.
“Get out,” I say coldly. “I can’t talk to you. Just get out, and if I ever find you in here again I’ll kill you. That’s a promise.”
“Seth,” he says with a kind of twisted confusion on his face. “I…”
“GET OUT OF MY HOUSE!” The words explode unbidden from my mouth, and I let them. “Just get out. If I have to tell you again, you won’t even make it out the door alive.”
For the first time in my memory, he’s actually doing as I say, half-jogging toward the doorway. He looks almost scared; I relish the idea. Behind me, Ria’s kneeling at Pip’s side, feeling for a pulse. I really look at her for the first time and see the bruises all over her face. Blood trickles down her cheek from a cut on her forehead. Weirdly, there’s more of it leaking through a patch on her stomach.
“I’ve got a pulse,” Ria says, her voice cracking with relief. “And she’s breathing. Not normally, but it’s something. But… oh God Seth, the baby.”
Tears are pooling in her eyes.
“What baby? What do you mean?” I ask. “Why do you keep saying stuff about a baby?”
“Seth,” Ria says, her voice shaking. “What are you, stupid? Don’t tell me you didn’t notice this.” She pulls Pip’s bloodstained sweater tight across her stomach. Only then do I see it. She’s been wearing baggier clothes lately, which I put down to the cold, but now I know it’s there I wonder how I ever missed it – the rounded bump on her stomach, now smeared with her blood.
I just can’t process it.
“What? How?”
I mean, Pip’s single, as far as I know. How could this have happened?
Before Ria can reply, I glimpse a flutter of movement out the corner of my eye. It’s Pip’s eyes – they’re open, and she’s looking straight at me. Ria takes her hand and grips it tightly.
“It’s OK, Pip,” she says, but her quivery voice gives her away. “We’ll get you a doctor. You’ll be alright. Seth, get on the phone. Doctor White could probably make it down here.”
I can’t move, though. I can’t stop staring at that bump on her stomach, at the blood staining her pale cream sweater. Almost unconsciously, Pip weakly lifts her free hand and rests it on her stomach.
“Pip,” I say, kneeling down and touching her arm. “Who did this to you?”
“Alex,” she whispers, and there’s real fear in her eyes, fear and pain. “Alex. Where is he?”
“He’s gone,” I say. “Don’t be scared. He won’t be coming back here. But that’s not what I meant.” I look back at her stomach. She clearly knows where I’m looking. I nod toward it. “How?” I ask, which is all I can seem to say. She raises her eyes to meet mine. “Alex,” she says insistently, before her hand slips from her stomach and her eyes close again.
“No, Pip, wait!” I say, anguished. “Please, just tell me! Tell me who did this to you!” But it’s no use; she’s gone again.
“Dammit!” I say in frustration. “I just want to know how this happened.”
“Seth,” Ria says. “Weren’t you even listening? She told you what you wanted to know.”
“No she didn’t,” I say. “All she kept saying was ‘Alex’…” I tail off as I see the way Ria’s looking at me. 
“Yes,” she says. “Alex.”
I finally understand, though I can’t quite make it work in my head.
“Did she tell you?” I ask hesitantly. “Do you know for sure?”
“Yes, she told me,” snaps Ria. “We’ll talk about this afterward, alright? Now can you just get your brain in gear and call a doctor for her? She’s still bleeding. This doesn’t look good, Seth.”
Just then, I hear the low murmur of voices from outside. I lift my head.
“Here’s my phone, call Doctor White,” I say over my shoulder, thrusting my cell at her. I’m already running toward the open front door.
The crowd’s still outside, but the spell has broken. They’re muttering to each other, though I can’t hear what they’re saying. When they notice me they fall silent, staring at me as I stand there with my arms crossed over my chest. I regard them bleakly.
“Get home, all of you,” I say, my voice hard. “You hear me? Move it. You’re on my property.”
For a moment they just stand there, watching; then, as one, they all turn and start to walk off like nothing ever happened here. I slam the door; at least it’s an opportunity to vent my rage without hurting anyone.
When I get back to the kitchen, Ria’s sitting pale-faced on the floor, supporting Pip’s head in her lap.
“Doctor White is coming,” she says, “but he’s going to be at least a half hour. He can’t drive down here and he has to carry all his stuff.” She pauses. “I know you’re not supposed to move people when they’re hurt, but I can’t stand to leave her here on the floor. Could we take her someplace a bit more comfortable?”
“There’s the spare room across the hall,” I suggest, so we carry her in the best we can, gently setting her down in the middle of the bed.
“What now?” I ask, looking down at her bruised and battered form and fighting back the anger.
“I think we should clean her up a bit,” Ria says. “Have you got anything for her cuts?”
“There’s some iodine upstairs,” I say. “It’s in the bathroom cabinet. I…I need to go out for a minute. I won’t be long.”
I’m still wearing my boots. I slip out the front door and into the street. There’s something I need to do.

A shattered dream
Is not so painful
As a shattered nightmare


Thirteen

It isn’t long before I find him. He hasn’t even gone home; he’s just sitting on a wall at the roadside, a few streets away. There’s no obvious indication of emotion on his face. He lifts his head when he sees me approaching – I expect to see guilt in his eyes, or maybe even fear, but no. He just sinks his head again, staring at the dirty snow around his boots.
“What?” he says when I stop next to him. “I got out of your house, didn’t I? What more do you want from me?”
“I want to know something,” I say. “Why the hell was she pregnant with your baby?”
He gets to his feet, as if I’d let him just walk away without giving me any answers.
“Well I know you’re not big on biology, Seth,” he says, “but I think even you can probably figure that one out.”
I draw back my fist and punch him in the face. I hate him so much I can hardly think. I’ve never hit anyone before – I’m not usually a violent person. But after what he just said, after what he did…
“Jesus, Seth,” he says, staggering back as blood erupts from his nose. “What else do you want me to say? We got put in the same art class. We knew each other through you, so we used to sit together. She used to help me. We ended up kind of dating. And then we got drunk at Taylor’s party. OK? Do I need to say anything else?”
“But why?” I just can’t understand it. “Why would you do something like that? I’ve seen the state she’s in, and congratulations, you just murdered your first child – and seriously injured your so-called girlfriend, as if you hadn’t already done enough damage.”
He buries his face in his hands.
“What was I supposed to do?” he moans. “I asked her to get an abortion, but she wanted to keep it. I couldn’t have a kid at seventeen. How could I have had any kind of professional boarding career if I had a kid back home? How could I…”
I hit him again. This time he reels so much that it’s child’s play to knock him to the ground. I press my boot into his stomach so that he can’t get up, putting more weight on it than is strictly necessary.
“You complete bastard,” I say, shaking with rage. “Can’t you understand the concept of putting something before snowboarding? A family, for instance?”
He blinks at me. “Why would I do that?” he says.
“Because you loved them?” I say. “Or is that something else you don’t get?”
“We’re only seventeen,” he says. “It wasn’t like a serious relationship or anything.”
I feel like grinding my boot into his face, but I don’t. If I did, I’d be just as bad as he is, wouldn’t I?
“Just forget it,” I say, and stamp off before I do something I might regret.
It’s only then that I realize what the date is.
It’s Christmas Eve.

When I slip back through the door, there are bags I don’t recognize in the hallway. Dr White must be here. The door to the spare room is firmly shut; as I look around for Ria, she appears in the kitchen doorway. She doesn’t say anything at first, but then it all seems to get too much and she practically falls into me.
“Oh God, Seth,” she says, and I can tell that she’s been crying. “Oh God, the baby.”
I put my arms around her. “I take it there’s no hope, then?” I ask quietly. I try not to think about Alex, about how much I wanted to crush him under my boot like an insect.
“No,” Ria says into my shoulder, her voice choked up. “No, and he needs to get it out of her if she’s going to get well, but he can’t do it here – he hasn’t got any of the right stuff. We need to get her to the hospital in Wrigley, and God knows how we’re going to do that.”
I feel cold, and hold her tighter to mask it. “It’ll be fine. We’ll work this out somehow, Ri. We’ll get through this.”
“Yes, but will Pip?” she says quietly. “I admit it, Seth; I’m really scared for her. Doctor White’s doing all he can, but… I’m really worried.”
I don’t know what to say to that. I didn’t realize quite how serious Pip’s condition was.
Ria pulls away from me and takes hold of my wrists.
“Seth,” she says, “why have you got blood on your hands?”
I know there’s no point lying. “Because I just punched Alex in the face,” I say. I wait for her to tell me off, tell me that violence isn’t going to solve anything, but she doesn’t. All she says is, “Good.”
That makes me sad for some reason. I don’t know why.
Across the hallway, the door opens and Dr White steps out.
“I’ve done all I can, for now,” he says tiredly. “I’m trying to arrange an emergency helicopter to get her to Wrigley. I don’t like to leave her, but I’ve just had a message through – a kid’s broken his leg across town, quite badly by the sound of it. I’ll be back as soon as I can. If anything changes, call me straightaway. Will you be OK keeping an eye on her for a few hours?”
“Yeah,” I say, “I guess.”
Ria doesn’t answer. She’s looking at the floor.
“See you, then,” he says, picking up his bags and heading back out into the night.
I can’t help it. Quietly, I slip into the spare room. Pip looks a little more peaceful than she did before – the cuts are all cleaned up, and some are even beginning to scab over. I avert my eyes from the bump – it makes me feel sick.
I hear footsteps behind me, and then Ria rests her hand on my arm.
“Seth,” she says. “Leave her. She needs peace.”
But something awful is bearing down on me, as I look into Pip’s calm face, at the purple bruises that adorn her forehead and her chin. The worst, the most destructive thing there is.
The truth.
Now that I know what really happened, the memories just won’t stop replaying themselves inside my head. Pip on the phone, saying “No! That’s murder!” She was talking to her boyfriend, telling him she wasn’t getting an abortion. I walked in, overhearing and misinterpreting and forming ridiculous suspicions in my mind.
I remember Pip creeping through the house at midnight, hurrying to the downstairs bathroom so I wouldn’t hear her throw up.
I remember Mr Anderson, how his house was set alight and burnt to the ground while he was still inside because he was guilty of being different.
I remember Alex, slipping out of the booth in front of us in the diner, having heard every word I said. He knew I suspected Pip might be possessed. I remember his hasty disappearance. He must have kept it quiet for a while, before realizing it could be the solution to all his problems, and whispering it to a few people.
Then I remember turning on Ria, accusing her of spreading rumours about Pip. As if she would ever do that.
“Seth?” Ria says, sounding a little scared. “What’s wrong?”
“Lies,” I say flatly. “It was all lies. Lies and stories and stupid rumours.”
“Of course it was, Seth,” Ria says, putting her head in her hands. “Of course it was. I told you so many times that it was all nonsense, and would you listen?” She sighs, inhaling deeply. “I’m just glad you’ve seen sense, that’s all. Seth, I’ve been tearing my hair out. I hated that I was the only one who wasn’t blind to what was going on. I hated that I couldn’t say anything because of these evil witch-hunts. Can you even imagine how that must feel?”
“I’m sorry, Ria,” I say sincerely. “I just… I can’t believe how stupid I was, that’s all. Oh God, I miss having someone around who can tell me what to do when things go wrong.”
We fall silent. There’s no sound except the ticking of the old hall clock.
“Let’s go into the lounge,” I finally suggest. “It’s only next door, so we can check on Pip every ten minutes or so. Besides, I really need to sit down.”
Reluctantly, Ria agrees. I pull off my boots and fall back onto the chesterfield, exhausted all of a sudden. I tip my head back, close my eyes, and try to forget. Ria leans wearily against my shoulder; I feel her hair tickle my ear.
“Might as well try to get some rest,” she murmurs. “Just for a minute.”
The next I know, I’m resurfacing from strange disjointed dreams. The lounge is pitch black except for the clock on the DVD player, which glows a harsh fluorescent green. It reads 3:07 a.m. I’ve got a crick in my neck – I get up as slowly as I can, gently dislodging Ria from my shoulder. I thought she was still asleep, but as I stand up, her eyelids flutter open.
“Seth?” she says drowsily. “What time is it?”
“About three,” I say.
“Oh my God, Pip!” she says, suddenly wide awake. She gets to her feet and hurries next door, panic in her every movement. How did I forget? I follow her guiltily, afraid what we might find. Ria takes Pip’s pulse and her shoulders sag with relief.
“She’s still the same,” Ria says. “Which is good, I guess. She probably won’t wake up for a few hours, and Dr White should be back by then.”
I’m not really listening any more, though; another sound is distracting me.
“Ri?” I say.
“Hm?”
“Can you hear that?”
Something is pattering softly against the roof and windows. It’s a sound so unfamiliar it takes me a moment to place it. Ria stares at me as realization dawns.
“Is that what I think it is?” she asks. There’s hope in her voice. I’m already pulling my boots on; she follows suit. We both fumble clumsily with our laces, unable to contain our excitement.
“Let’s go find out, shall we?” I say, still hardly daring to believe it. When we get outside, though, there’s no mistaking it. One droplet lands on my nose, another on Ria’s hair. And then it just gets heavier and heavier, till we’re both soaked.
Rain. It’s actually raining.
We fall on each other, laughing and crying. I kiss her, overcome by some nameless emotion, and we stare up into the sky as more and more droplets tumble toward the ground. They’re making holes in the snow all around us, dissolving away the whiteness.
“It’s over, Seth,” Ria says, tears streaming down her face. “It’s really over.”
She’s been so brave throughout this whole ordeal; I’ve never once seen her cry. That makes these tears so much more poignant, somehow. My own eyes are starting to prickle.
This is simultaneously the best and worst Christmas morning of all time.
“Yeah,” I sigh, pulling her close. “It’s over.”

The ambulance for Pip arrives with the rising sun. The roads have cleared enough to allow the snow ploughs to pass, and once they’ve been through, the ambulances are permitted to follow. A lot of people are in trouble. Many have been waiting for days.
Pip wakes up just before it arrives. It’s the most painful thing I’ve ever had to do, reminding her what happened, explaining to her why she has to go to hospital. All three of us are in tears by the time I get through to her. I can’t even begin to imagine how difficult it must have been for her to cope with such an enormous secret by herself, since pregnancy is pretty taxing even for someone with full medical and emotional support. Pip won’t make it through this unscathed, but she’s strong, and she’s got me and Ria. She’s going to be OK.
They won’t let us go with her, because they need all the room in the ambulance. We watch it leave, beginning to see more signs that things are returning to normal. People emerge from their houses for the first time in days, blinking at the patches of green and brown materializing on their lawns. Someone tries the phones for the first time in weeks and finds that although they’re crackling, they’re working. The lines are still sagging – after all, they have spent the past few weeks bearing the weight of several inches of snow – but they’re working. The first thing I do is call our grandma’s house, assuming Mom and Dad must still be there. They are; Mom picks up. I don’t know what to say to her; how do I break the news to her that her daughter is in hospital after losing a baby nobody knew she was carrying?
“Seth?” Mom says, relief and concern mingling in her voice. “We’re doing our best to get home. Are you both OK?”
I hesitate. “I’m OK,” I say. “But…”
I tail off. My voice is cracking. Just the thought of Pip, bruised, broken, sprawled out on the floor…it still makes me angry, but now more than anything it makes me sad.
“What about Pip? Is she OK?” Mom’s voice is getting higher, more anxious. “Seth! Can you hear me? Talk to me! Is Pip alright?”
I take a deep breath. “No, not really. Mom, I think you and Dad need to get home as soon as you can.”

I am
so sorry
More than you
will ever
know


An Ending

So this is it, this is us, me and Ria, standing by the sliding doors as night falls once again. It’s gloomy and the sky’s overcast, but the rain’s just stopped. Only the slush piled at the roadsides discloses that the snow was ever here. One of my hands is held in Ria’s, while the other traces a shape in the misted-up glass.
Earlier today, I walked out along the path, the one that goes up over the ridge behind town. It slopes upward; the forest is sunk down in a dip on the left. I was thinking about various things, so it was a moment before I realized I wasn’t alone on the path. Ahead of me, a small, birdlike figure in a brown dress paused and turned to look back at me. She was holding a largish bag made of deerskin or leather, peering shrewdly at me with beady eyes. My initial reaction was to stop and turn back, but I knew that would only serve to entertain her more, so I kept walking.
“Greetings, Seth Campbell,” she said. “I’m glad it’s you I see last, before I leave this town.”
“You’re going?” I asked in surprise. “Why?”
“I’ve served my purpose,” she said, smiling enigmatically. “My only object was to predict this tragedy. There is nothing left for me here.”
I’m angry at her, suddenly. “This is all your fault!” I say, unable to restrain myself. “All of it! All that crap about three people who weren’t what they seemed. All that came of it was the murder of innocent people!”
“But I was right, Seth Campbell, don’t you see?” she said, cocking her head to one side. “The people of this town were free to interpret my words as they wished. Can’t you guess who the three people might be?”
I stared at her. This wasn’t a game, whatever she might think. But she was still regarding me so intensely that I felt compelled to say something.
“I don’t know,” I said.
 “You do,” she said self-assuredly. “Can’t you think of three people who were ordinary, respected members of society, people who could be kind and considerate, but who changed as soon as the snow fell?”
I fell silent as I took in her words. I understood now. I knew. Pictures formed in my mind; Chief Marsden and Mr Miller greeting me in the street and chatting to my parents, before setting fire to Mr Anderson’s house.
Alex, sitting next to me in class when we were eight years old, grinning at me, always ready with a smile when he met me in the hall – and then raising that chair above Pip’s unconscious body.
“You do know,” Ahnah repeated, smiling slightly. “I was right, wasn’t I, Seth Campbell?”
I didn’t answer. I couldn’t.
“Do you know what my name means?” she asked. “Do you know the meaning of ‘Ahnah’?”
I shook my head.
She smiled again. “It means ‘wise woman’,” she said. Then she tilted her head, turned round, and walked onward as though our encounter had never happened. I shook myself, trying to focus on the present. Impulsively, I scrambled down the bank into the outskirts of the forest. There was still some snow under the tree canopy – it would probably remain until the temperatures increased some more. I began to wish I’d stayed on the path. I knew now that the spirits had never existed, but I still felt as if I was being watched. I turned around to make sure I was alone, and froze as I spotted the pair of inquisitive eyes, scrutinizing me as if I was a particularly interesting specimen. They belonged to a lynx, standing ten yards away from me, deeper into the forest. It was watching me almost pityingly, as if it was aware of all the events of the past few weeks.
It was watching me like it knew.

And so here we are, staring out into the dark night that never held any danger. A darkness I feared because I misinterpreted what Ahnah had to say, along with the rest of the town. Of course, I was no more to blame than anyone else, but that’s no excuse. I shouldn’t have been so naïve.
Anyway, it’s not as if I can change the past, so the ‘shouldn’t have’ thing is pretty pointless. I’m trying to look to the future. I’ve no doubt Alex will get away with what he did, because when your father is the police chief, you do get away with stuff. I’m going to make sure everyone knows what he did, though. I’m going to make sure he leaves town and never dares show his face here again. As for Mr Miller, it will probably be difficult to prove he did anything wrong, but I’m hoping plenty of people will try.
Now we wait, we wait and we pray. We pray that Pip will get through this, and that everything is going to be OK. When I look at Ria, there’s still hope in her eyes, in spite of everything, and if she can hope then so can I. That’s enough for me.

Sometimes I wish I could just forget it
But this can only be an ending if I let it




About the author
I am a writer from South Wales. My life isn’t very interesting, so my imagination has to compensate – hence my stories. I don't include a lot of description in my writing, because I think it's important that the reader imagines the characters and scenarios for themselves. I wrote my first novella at the age of fourteen, and I haven't really stopped since then! I don't really write certain genres, so I end up trying to fit my books in somewhere after I finish them. This probably isn't the best way to go about it, but hey. Rules are made to be broken.

Read my author interview here.

Thank you so much for reading this book! If you enjoyed it, I would really appreciate it if you wrote a review on Amazon UK, Amazon US or Smashwords.


Also by Bethany Chester:


Now and Then
Jay is running. Twelve, orphaned and a deadly assassin, she moves silently through Farrow’s Wood, escape her only objective. But the past isn’t far behind – what happens NOW will be determined by what happened THEN, and Jay must decide which she fears the most.



Dark Black Red
A free flash fiction collection. Topics range from war and memories to the challenges involved in overcoming mental illness. There is an almost-ghost story, and even a touch of humour. This eBook will grow as I write more stories, so it may look different in a few months’ time! Download it here, where you can also view my biography.
