





Blood Worship
Chasing Vampires Trilogy
Barbara L. Black


Smashwords Edition

                                                                 
Prologue 


This place was wonderful. He could not for the life of him (and he chuckled here at his own small joke) understand why he had never come here before. There were endless opportunities here for taking money from the unsuspecting, and there were many, many opportunities for feeding. He loved going downtown at night and roaming amongst them all. All drank freely of alcohol and partook surreptitiously of drugs, making them even more susceptible. There was such a mix of people here that it was positively delightful, and all of them were exposing large amounts of their delectable, warm skin. They absolutely glowed with the warmth of the blood that coursed through their veins, and his eyes followed them with appreciation and hunger. 
There were ripe young women with brown skin, dark hair, and limpid eyes. There were light-skinned men with hair nearly the color of his own. Purple-haired tattooed teenagers rubbed elbows with investment bankers. There were young men with old women, young women with old men, men with men, women with women. All were nearly naked, all happy and laughing and trusting. He was nearly giddy with excitement looking around at them all, and he loved the nightlife in this Florida coastal town. This is where he was meant to be, he was sure of it. 
He was so handsome that all who passed turned back to stare again. Sometimes they would shudder at the second look and turn away quickly, and he would laugh out loud, tossing back his silver-blond hair, his ice-blue eyes twinkling merrily. Sometimes, just for fun, he would hold the stare of the one who ogled him, not letting them break eye contact. They would flush both with sexual excitement and with fear. He amused himself by imagining the furor if he revealed his hunger and his power to the crowd. They wouldn’t be happy and laughing then, oh, no, they would not. They would cringe before him and pay him homage, as they should. 
As they all should. 
He felt a rush of exhilaration; the changes he had seen here were amazing. What a world he’d found himself in. This time he would not let his brothers down; he wouldn’t make any mistakes. There would be no troubles as there had been before. He had overstepped his boundaries and grown careless and they had punished him for it, but that would not happen this time. He had learned something from his errors. He would build a following, guard his strength, and let them do all the work. He would keep himself hidden, until it was time to be seen. He must be careful and lie low. He would be wary and take things slowly, until he had a firm grasp on it all. 
This time it would all be wonderful. First they would worship the blood, then they would worship him. 
He heard a thumping, driving beat that sounded remarkably like a large heart beating, and he followed it around the corner. It was coming from a crowded bar with the words Scarlet Heaven emblazoned in red letters across the front window. He stopped abruptly in the doorway and watched the stage where a man lapped eagerly at the thin stream of blood flowing down the neck of a woman tied to a chair. She was screaming theatrically, and the crowd was roaring.
“Hey, if it ain’t your kinda place, buddy, move on,” said a voice behind him. “Quit blocking the door and let the rest of the freaks in.”
He turned to see a young man dressed all in leather behind him. He smiled tenderly, sweetly, his eyes boring into the one who dared to talk to him so. He watched the man’s eyes dilate until he could barely see the color of the irises. 
“It is my kind of place,” he said gently as the young man took a step back, shaken beyond words. “I believe that it is exactly my kind of place.”


Chapter One

Kevin Davis finished shoving his things into his battered backpack and zipped up the top. He felt defeated as he looked at it lying there on the bed. It sure didn’t seem like much to take along. Two changes of clothing and some snacks he had filched from the kitchen. He shrugged.
Oh, well. He had his babysitting money from the stash that he’d hidden in his room. Oh, not the fake stash that Alan had found right away, but the other one. He laughed, the sound a short, humorless bark. Alan was such an idiot; he never realized that the first one was just a decoy. Kevin had been planning this for a long while, and he was way, way smarter than that ignorant Florida cracker would ever be.
He put the note for his mother in the box of tampons underneath the kitchen sink, the one place he knew Alan would never look. He knew she needed them right now – it was hard to hide things from each other when you lived in such a small place. He let a little smile play over his mouth. Hard, but not impossible. If you were smart, that is, unlike Alan the Asshole.
He started out purposefully for the bus station, swinging his arms jauntily, trying to pretend that he was happy. He was really doing it. He was really running away. This wasn’t some capricious decision that he’d made because he was angry. He wasn’t trying to punish his mom. He wasn’t into drugs. This wasn’t because he was gay.
This was because he didn’t want Alan, his mother’s boyfriend, to rape him. 
Alan had been dating his mother for about six months. At first, he’d ignored Kevin, which was fine because he couldn’t stand the man. God, how could his mother sleep with that guy? Kevin wrinkled his nose. The man greased his hair back like some fifties hood. He was skinny, except for the huge potbelly on him, and though he couldn’t be more than 35, he had absolutely no muscle tone and his skin sagged off of him like some old lady’s. He also worked as little as possible, and he hadn’t had a job for at least half of the time she’d been dating him. He knew his moms was scared of being alone, but Jesus! How much worse could being alone be?
And as aggravating as all that was, it had all been just an annoyance until two months ago, when Alan moved in with them. 
Then everything changed.
Alan had started paying a lot of attention to Kevin. A lot. But only when his mother wasn’t around, and not the kind of attention that Kevin appreciated. He’d felt him watching, seen Alan staring at him when he didn’t think that anyone else noticed. He’d even tried to come into the bathroom a couple of times when Kevin was taking a shower, but he wasn’t an idiot and he always locked the door. And he’d started shoving a chair underneath the door handle as an extra precaution. Alan kept saying to let him in, he needed to pee, but why didn’t he use the master bathroom? 
Kevin had made sure that his mother had told Alan that he was gay early on in their relationship. Kevin snorted. If you could call it that. More like a train wreck than a relationship if you asked him. Alan had mostly ignored him before that, and the trouble started right after she told him.
Now Alan always acted like he hated him, slapping him around every chance he got. He called him faggot and sissy when his moms wasn’t around, and when Kevin objected, Alan pushed him to the floor. Touching, he was always touching him in some hurtful way. He made sure that it never went so far that Kevin had marks, but he knew what was coming. It was getting worse all the time now and pretty soon something bad was going to happen.
It’s why he was leaving.
He’d finally figured it out. It had taken him a while, but now it was all clear. At first, he’d just thought Alan was a homophobic asshole. Kevin wrinkled his nose. It was sick. Alan was sick. Sometimes those church people who lived down the street called him unnatural and a deviant, but Alan was the deviant, not him.
Alan wanted him, and he was angry about it. He wanted to have sex with him, and he wanted to hurt him when he did it. He’d call it a punishment, Kevin just bet. Just what the faggot boy deserved.
He would catch him alone sometime soon, and it would start the way it always did, with Alan slapping him around. Then ol’ Alan would finally screw up his courage - Kevin laughed grimly to himself, that was a good one, screw up his courage - and he would do what he’d been wanting to do all along. He’d rape him and he’d hurt him, leave him bleeding on the floor, and he’d act like it was all Kevin’s fault. Because he didn’t want to admit that he really wanted to fuck guys. That would make him a fag, and he was too macho to be a fag.
And nobody would believe that Kevin hadn’t wanted it, maybe not even his mother, and Alan would only get a slap on the wrist. Or maybe they wouldn’t believe Kevin at all, maybe they’d think that he’d seduced Alan and then tried to cry rape. He was legal, after all: He’d turned eighteen two days ago. Since he was fourteen years old, he’d made it very clear exactly in which direction his sexual interests lay. Everybody knew it. It had been a matter of pride for Kevin. He wasn’t going to pretend to be something that he wasn’t.
It might be the 21st century, but people still had the same prejudices that they’d had in the previous ones. He’d come in for his share of hazing, even from people he had thought would understand. So he knew that there was no use talking to anybody about it. He’d tried to say something to his Moms, but she’d brushed it off and acted like she didn’t understand. Kevin knew that she just didn’t want to understand. If she believed him, she’d have to kick Alan out.
And then she would be alone.
Pretty fucked up, if you asked him. 
As he paid for his ticket and got on the bus, he tried not to think about how much he was going to miss his Moms. He laughed to himself, but it wasn’t a happy sound. 
Maybe he was just like her, because he didn’t want to be alone, either.
***
Ah, good, he approaches our young friend, the old one thought hungrily. He watched avidly as they walked behind the building together, a bright red tongue flicking at the lush contours of his lips. Closer, my child, closer.
He took a deep breath, drawing the boy’s scent deeply into his nostrils, filling himself with the smell of his prey but careful to remain hidden in the shadows. He was too hungry to go nearer. He didn’t want to scare off their little pigeon. This one was nervous already, and no doubt he would run screaming if he caught just a glimpse of what stared so ravenously at him from the shadows. 
His eyes burned, and he almost flew from his hiding place. He had left it too long, too long, and he must not do this again. The hunger was almost uncontrollable. He must feed more often, or he would turn on his own followers and drink them dry. And then he would have to start all over again, searching for those who had the skills and the connections he needed. That would take too much time; it would be a waste of his energies.
He would just feed more often. 
The boy was trying to act cool, but he was nervous. He was pale, and he looked unwashed. No doubt all that he owned in the world was contained in the crumpled backpack he clutched.
Be quick, Dan, my trusted one, the hunter whispered and knew that Dan heard him when he looked over to the place where he hid. The old one cursed to himself. Hadn’t he told him repeatedly not to look at him? The boy cocked his head to one side and looked his way, staring straight into the shadows where he was hiding. The old one prepared to leap, but Dan leaned forward and whispered something in the boy’s ear. He placed a hand on his shoulder, and the boy didn’t flinch away. He leaned into Dan instead.
Good, that was good. He hadn’t seen him.
Dan had mentioned money, of course, because money was what they all wanted, these absurd children. The paper that would buy them things, dull their pain, fix their lives. He smiled to himself. But money would not change this one’s life, because it would be over as soon as he agreed to Dan’s proposition.
He just would not know it. Yet.
The boy shook his head and held out his hand. Dan argued, but the boy shook his head again.
The old one cursed to himself. Give it to him, he whispered. Give it to him now. We will take it back from him later.
Dan put the money in his hand, and the boy nodded. He shoved it quickly into his pocket. The old one smiled. The boy thought himself street smart, but he was too foolish and too trusting, and that worked to their advantage. He would soon grow to regret his credulousness.
He would wait for them in the house, and the boy would not be frightened at first. Then when he sees me among my followers and realizes our purpose, his terror will rise.
The old one smiled. Their terror was so delicious. It was hard to say which he liked best, their fear or their blood. 
Dan put his arm around the boy and moved toward the car he had parked in the shadows.
The boy suddenly bolted, running unbelievably fast. In seconds, he was around the building and on the crowded street. Dan couldn’t keep up, and he stopped when he saw that he had no chance of catching him. He put his hands to his head and bent over in pain as he heard the howl of rage inside his head.
Find me another. Find me another! Do it now. Bring someone to the house within the hour or you will take his place. 
Dan pulled his phone out of his pocket, sweating and shaking. That girl who’d just joined them had a friend that she wanted to bring in with them, but that plan had just changed. The friend could be tonight’s surprise party guest.
His fingers trembled so much he could hardly dial the number. Please pick up, he thought. Please, please, please. 
When she answered on the second ring, Dan almost cried with relief. 
***
Jessie Hartwell was dreaming of her mother when Mrs. Davis knocked on her bedroom door to tell her that a police officer was on the phone and wanted to talk to her.
“I always liked that name Kira,” Mom was saying. “It always made me think of the sound a hawk makes when it’s flying. Kira. It’s a real strong name, don’t you think?”
Jessie looked over her shoulder to see Mom curled up on that raggedy old couch she refused to get rid of. 
“It’s too comfortable to throw out,” she always protested. “I’ve got it broke in just the way I like it.”
And Jessie always laughed when she said it, because the last three words always came out ‘Ah lahk ee-it’. Mom always said she could control her accent unless she was drunk, tired, or full of strong emotion – and she was full of strong emotion all the time, so she could never really control it. It slipped out whenever it wanted to.
“She wasn’t strong enough, though, baby. That name couldn’t help her out of the place she got into,” Mom said, and she sounded as if she’d come straight from Alabama yesterday, instead of the fifteen years it had been.
“Something bad’s happened, baby. Really bad. You got to be fearless, ‘cause it’s going to be hard. Scary things gonna happen. Bloody things.”
And while Jessie watched, horrified, the ratty old couch began to fill up with blood. It ran in a red river over her mother’s lap, who didn’t seem to notice. Jessie could smell it, the blood, that awful metallic odor filling the room. It oozed past her mother’s waist and she lifted a hand now dripping with it to wave at her. Jessie watched in revulsion as the droplets went flinging across the room to land on the floor in front of her, glistening and somehow malevolent. The blood wanted her, and it trickled sluggishly toward her, joining with the other drops to form a larger mass that was trying to reach her…
“Momma,” Jessie said, though she’d stopped calling her that years ago. “Momma!”
“I got to go now. Remember what I said, baby,” she said intently, the blood almost to her chin. “It’s real important.”
“Jessie, are you awake?” Mrs. Davis knocked a little harder on the door, really rattling it this time. She knew that Jessie was hard to wake in the mornings. “There’s a police office on the phone who wants to talk to you.”
The minute Jessie opened her eyes, she knew that Kira Matthews was dead.
***
Mrs. Davis put a hand to Jessie’s cheek, where it trembled noticeably. Jessie pulled her hand down and held it tightly in her lap. Mrs. Davis wasn’t holding up too good, Jessie thought. Ordinarily her plain, good-natured face had its own kind of serene beauty, and a natural neatness helped. But stress had left its toll today, and she looked the seventy year old woman that she was, and a homely one at that. Her round little cheeks were sagging, her graying hair was going every which way, and the straps of her slip were showing through the top of her dress - not how she would normally appear in public. Jessie hadn’t wanted her to come to the police station with her, but Mrs. Davis had insisted, and Jessie had given in. 
“It’s all right,” she said in reassurance. “They just want to talk to me about Kira. I’ll be okay, Mrs. Davis.”
“It’s too much, too much,” the little old lady murmured. Her hand in Jessie’s felt cold, even though the air conditioning in the police station definitely wasn’t keeping up its workload. It was in the high 90’s today, and the humidity was nearly 100%. South Florida was always hot, even in the wintertime. 
“Maybe you should talk to a lawyer first,” Mrs. Davis said. “That poor girl. What was she doing down on the beach in the middle of the night? How could this have happened?”
“I guess that’s what Sergeant Bennett wants to find out.”
“Why is he calling you down here so early? I told him on the telephone that you’d been home all night with me, but he insisted you come down here this morning.”
“He probably has to interview all of Kira’s friends, Mrs. Davis,” Jessie said. “I don’t need a lawyer for that.” She squeezed her hand gently. “You’ll be with me, and if you think I need to get a lawyer any time during this interview, we’ll stop and get one. Ok?”
The little woman seemed mollified. “All right, Jessie. I just don’t want you getting upset. It’s only been six months…”
“I’ll be ok,” Jessie said, cutting her off. She didn’t want to think about that right now. “You’ll be with me.”
She was glad when a tired forty-ish man dressed in rumpled clothing came out of an office and called her name. She didn’t want to continue this conversation.
She helped Mrs. Davis to her feet, biting her lip when she realized how much the older woman was leaning on her. Mrs. Davis was old, and this was hard on her. Jessie had known her for six years, every since she had fallen and broken her ankle on her dew-dampened sidewalk one morning and Mandy Hartwell had been assigned to be her home health nurse. On Saturdays, Jessie had always come with her mother to check on the spry little old lady, and the two had taken an immediate liking to each other. Even after she had recuperated, Jessie had got into the habit of visiting her once or twice each week.
When her mother had died, Mrs. Davis had insisted that Jessie move in with her. Eventually, she said, they would locate Jessie’s aunt and then Jessie might want to stay with her. But until then she had this huge house with all these rooms and she lived by herself, and it certainly wouldn’t be a financial burden. Jessie could finish out her first year of college without having to worry, and they’d think about next year when it got here. She’d appreciate some company, and it would be good for Jessie to stay with someone that she knew. 
It had worked out well for Jessie, but it didn’t seem to be working quite as well for Mrs. Davis. She’d dropped at least five pounds in the last three months, and she seemed to Jessie to be shrinking even further in the last week or two. And since she barely topped one hundred pounds, any weight that she lost was weight that she couldn’t afford to lose. She certainly was having a lot more trouble getting around these days. Mrs. Davis was becoming more fragile by the day, and Jessie was afraid that she was making herself ill taking care of her.
Jessie had started doing the shopping and all the cleaning at the house, just to take the burden off her, though the old woman protested. She owed Mrs. Davis a lot. For someone who hadn’t been around many young people for thirty years, she was surprisingly tolerant, and Jessie loved her, besides. 
She didn’t mind that Jessie dressed up on the weekends; the older woman actually seemed to enjoy Jessie’s theatrical makeup and costumes. Sometimes she’d give her suggestions on what to wear, even. Jessie had a black and red patterned scarf at home that Mrs. Davis had given her. She’d said that it had been just hanging around in her closet for years and it certainly went well with Jessie’s black vinyl bustier and short red skirt, so she might as well keep it. Jessie wore it all the time and it made her feel good that Mrs. Davis knew that you couldn’t tell what a person was like by looking at the clothes and the makeup that they wore. Not everybody was like that. Jessie came across it a lot –people thought she was a freak or a drug addict all the time.
Sergeant John Bennett looked sternly at Jessie, and she guessed that was his most frequent expression, because his forehead fell immediately into little furrows. She also guessed that he was not quite as liberal Mrs. Davis was. He looked at her sitting there in her black clothing, wearing the silver studded dog collar bracelet, and he didn’t sneer, exactly, but Jessie thought that he wanted to. 
“When did you last see Kira Matthews?” he asked, after establishing that the two girls had known one another since they were very young, attended the same college, and frequently spent time together. 
“On Friday, at school,” Jessie said. “I told you that, already.”
Sergeant Bennett turned a page in the notebook, read something, and frowned more deeply. He leaned on his elbows on the desk and stared intently at her.
“I understand that your mother, Amanda Hartwell, was killed a few months ago.”
Jessie heard Mrs. Davis suck in a breath, probably because his tone was so sharp. Or maybe it was because she knew Jessie hated even the mention of her mother’s murder.
“Yes,” was all she said. She trembled inside but refused to let him see it. I don’t want to talk about it, I don’t want to talk about it!
“That crime hasn’t been solved,” he said. “I read the whole file, Jessie. Your mother’s car wouldn’t start, so she told her coworkers that she was going to take the bus home. They offered her a ride, but they had dinner reservations and she knew it, so she refused. They saw her walk down to the bus stop and sit on the bench and they drove off. Two fishermen found her body three days later in a canal.” He consulted the notebook on his desk again. “You have an aunt somewhere, but she’s traveling in Europe and no one had been able to contact her so far. No other close relatives in the area, is that right?”
”That’s right,” was all that Jessie answered, though more words trembled on her lips. She didn’t mention that when she called her father, he hung up on her and that her grandfather did the same thing. 
Neither of them even came to the funeral, and they sure never bothered to find out if I was okay, Jessie thought. Mom always said that we had each other but now she’s dead. I’m sure this asshole cop knows all that. At least he left that part out, but I don’t like him any better for it. He’s playing with me, so let him work for it, I’m not going to help him torment me. If he’s got something to say, let him say it.
But she still wasn’t ready when he went in for the kill.
“What would you say if I told you that your friend Kira was killed in exactly the same manner as your mother was? She was stabbed and beaten. There are more than fifty stab marks on her body; she was slashed to bits. Most of her blood drained out during the killing. It was savage. Brutal. Maybe it’s even intended to send a message.” 
Sergeant Bennett stared at her suddenly white face and ignored a twinge of conscience. 
“Some of Kira’s friends told me that she was into some pretty interesting stuff, and they said that you are, too. Was Kira doing drugs? How about your mother? Because I’ve got to tell you that it seems very likely that this is connected to the drug traffic that runs up and down the Florida coast.” He leaned back in his chair. “Especially considering that they both had methamphetamines in their system. It seems awfully funny to me that two people so close to you have died in exactly the same manner. Almost makes me think you might know more about this than you’re saying. Are you involved, Jessie? Maybe your mother had a boyfriend in the drug business. Maybe you’re in the drug business. Maybe Kira was. I don’t know. All I know is that I think that you should speak up now with anything that you know before more of your friends and family are butchered.” He indicated the gaping Mrs. Davis with a wave of his hand. “Maybe even this nice lady, here.”
“How dare you?” Mrs. Davis said quietly while Jessie shook in her chair. “She belongs to a college theater club, and they dress in costumes on the weekends to promote their productions. Even if she didn’t belong to this club, her dress is appropriate for her age. How dare you say such a thing to this innocent young girl? She is still in mourning, and then this terrible incident happens and you dare to imply that she is involved? That she is somehow peripherally responsible for the deaths of both her mother and her friend, that because she chooses to dress in a way that you don’t approve of, she must be on drugs? You cannot make accurate judgments of others based on their manner of dress, sir, and you should know that by now. You should be ashamed of yourself. I plan to make a formal complaint against you, young man.”
“I’m here to do my job, not win a popularity contest,” the big man said, but his face reddened with the criticism. “It’s my job to ask these things, ma’am. You must admit…”
“Do it some other way,” Mrs. Davis said crisply, interrupting him. She pulled Jessie to her feet. “That was the end of cooperation from both of us. There will be no more questions and no more answers. We are leaving, and I can only hope that you have enough human feeling left in you to make you sleep badly tonight. God knows that this poor girl probably will. Good day. Come, Jessie.” 
He jumped at the sudden swap when she slapped her handbag down onto his desk, right in the midst of his papers. Mrs. Davis smiled grimly and swept regally out the door, pulling Jessie with her. Jessie noticed that the little old woman showed no signs of weakness now. Anger had burnt it all away.
***
Ten blocks away, Dan Jackson was lying on his lumpy bed thinking about the night before. He smiled dreamily and licked his lips. It just kept getting better and better, but he had to figure out some way to speed up the process of getting to know these poor dumb kids. Some of them took weeks to lure in, and that was too long. His master needed them sooner.
Who knew that drinking blood could be so much fun?
Ironically, Dan inspired trust in all who saw him. As a child, his was the face of the kid brother on television shows, the too-cute kid who could never do anything wrong. His cheeks were plump and scattered with freckles, he had a snub nose, and his hair was always cut too short on top, making it stick up endearingly. His small mouth smiled a lot, and his eyes crinkled merrily when he did so. He looked kind and guileless and you wouldn’t hesitate to invite him right on into your house if he showed up on your doorstep. He was every-man; average height, average weight, average looks. He was the man who held doors open for little old ladies, the kind of guy who would stop to help you change your tire even if he was late for work, the one who handed back the extra twenty at the bank when they gave him too much change.
Even the people he had helped to murder couldn’t believe it until the very second that he struck home the knife. Not Dan. Not good old Danny boy.
He was twenty-four, but he looked younger. He still lived with his grandmother in the shabby apartment that had been his home since the age of twelve. That was the year his parents had died in a car accident coming back from Fort Myers Beach after a long day of fun and sun. Dan had only received minor injuries. 
In the months to come, he’d often wished that he’d died with them. His embittered grandmother talked incessantly of all the bad things that had happened in her life, not the least of which was having a puny little crybaby foisted off on her. That son of hers had been bad enough, the ungrateful bastard, running off like that with that slut and leaving her to struggle all alone. But his kid…if she didn’t have such a strong sense of duty, why, she’d have just put him in foster care. But the good Lord knew that she never shirked her responsibilities. She’d make a man out of him, and he could never forget how much he owed her. No, he owed all he would become to dear old Granny.
Ten days after his thirteenth birthday he went to juvenile detention center for the first of ten times, and those were only the times that they caught him. He went away most often for burglary and vandalism, and violence was always mixed in there somewhere, always a part of the crime. His rage always bubbled to the top.
At twenty-one, he spent six months in a psychiatric facility after police caught him masturbating outside the window of the teenage girl he’d been stalking. That was his wake-up call. 
Not that he’d stopped, you understand. He just stopped getting caught. He never wanted to go back to jail again. 
Yeah, he owed it all to dear, old Granny.
But stalking wasn’t enough for him anymore since he’d met his master. Just watching those people in their perfect homes with their perfect parents and fantasizing about being part of their perfect lives was not nearly enough. Now he wanted their blood, too. He wanted to watch them die shrieking in pain. He wanted to lick their blood from his lips as they screamed in agony, and he wanted to lick it from the lips of the others. 
The first time that he’d killed someone had been hard for him, and he didn’t like it much. In fact, he’d retched for hours afterwards, and the image of the dead woman had tormented him for days. 
But it grew on him, murder did.
The meth helped, and Dan took a lot of it. Now he craved it, both the drugs and the murder, wanted to do it more and more and more. He smiled mistily to himself. Mere months ago, he’d felt so bored and lonely that he’d wanted to die. Now, he felt like a god at an eternal party.
And the party was just getting started.
***
“I can’t believe it,” Shannon wailed. “I just can’t believe it.”
Jessie had called her friend with the hope that talking to her would make her feel better but so far, it wasn’t working.
“I forgot to tell that cop, that Bennett guy, because he freaked me out so bad, but Kira called and asked me to go to a party with her Friday night. She said it was going to be very theatrical, and everyone was going to dress up, and she knows I like that kind of stuff. I felt kind of sick after lunch, though, so I told her no. I was afraid I’d get feeling bad again and she’d have to take me home. I didn’t want to spoil her fun. She said you were going with her. Do you know anything about a party?”
There was a pause, then Shannon wailed again. Jessie winced and held the phone away from her ear.
“I told her no! Ohmygod, if I’d said yes and went with her, maybe she’d still be alive. That just sent a shiver down my spine. If you hadn’t been sick and I’d gone, we could both be dead, too.”
Shannon sobbed on the other end of the phone, and Jessie felt tears rise in her own eyes. 
“I just keep thinking that if I did say yes, maybe Kira wouldn’t have…”
“We can’t think like that. We can’t think if only, if only. That’s not going to bring her back. We just have to go on from where we are and do what we can.”
Jessie gripped the receiver so hard that her knuckles hurt. “I know,” she said softly. “That’s why I want to ask around and see what I can find out about this party she went to.”
“NO!” Shannon’s voice was panicked. “That’s too dangerous. You don’t know what you’d be getting into.”
“I have to,” Jessie said stubbornly. “I’m just going to see what I can learn about the party and the people who went to it. I know a lot of people at school who go to these dress-up parties, and they’re like you and me and Kira. We just like to dress up and look different, ‘cause we think the ‘normal’ people are crazier than we are but I’ve been hearing bout these guys who are into some really strange shit. Kira and I went to a whole bunch of these parties together, and once she told me that she’d heard something about this big group of people.”
She paused and put her head down on the phone table, feeling suddenly queasy.
“They have this blood obsession. They cut each other’s wrists and drink their blood, and they’re heavy into meth. It scared both of us, but not enough to stop going out. We didn’t know anybody like that. Maybe she stumbled into the wrong party and one of them drugged her or something. Because that cop, that Bennett guy, he said something about Shannon testing positive for methamphetamines.” 
“You’re being foolish,” Shannon said in a brittle voice. “I think you should tell that cop and let him figure it out. You don’t need to get into this.”
“She wasn’t just killed, Shannon. She was high on crank, and you know she wasn’t into that. She drank and she smoked a little weed occasionally, but she never, ever did anything heavy. She told us about a million times that she was never going to end up like her brother Tom, who’s in rehab like every other month. And that’s not all, either. Somebody mutilated her, did something terrible to her. Like they did to my Mom.”
“Oh, Jessie, is that what this is all about?” Shannon asked softly. “Your Mom? That is just one more reason to leave this whole thing alone. You always idolized your mother way too much, and you’ve made her up into some kind of Supreme Being in your mind now that she’s dead. She wasn’t perfect. She could be rude and shallow and stupid just like everybody else. Get over it – you’re way too old be to a mama’s girl. Your mother took drugs and then somebody killed her; it happens every day. Kira just changed her mind, she was probably in the middle of a party situation and she made a bad call. While she was high, she hooked up with some crazy who hacked her to pieces. You can’t go around trying to find out who the crazy was. He’s probably long gone by now, anyway. Let the cops deal with it. Let it alone, you’re being idiotic. Don’t let your issues with your mother’s death make you do something this stupid.”
“I can’t let it go,” Jessie said. She kept her voice steady with an effort. “I know that my mother wasn’t perfect, Shannon. I know exactly what she was like. I could always see her clearly, and she was never the kind of person who could sit on a pedestal. She was way too real for that, but she didn’t mess with crank and she didn’t deserve to die, and neither did Kira. I don’t deserve to be talked to this way, either.”
“You’re right, and I’m sorry,” Shannon said. “You know I loved your Mom, too, but I think you’re going over the edge, and you don’t need to get involved with this. This is scary shit. I’m begging you, Jessie. Don’t do this.”
“I want you to ask around, Shannon,” Jessie said resolutely. “I figure somebody who was at that party will have to know something about the maniac who likes to kill people and mangle their bodies. I’ve got to find out. Ask your friends if they’ve heard anything. Come on, we’ve been friends a long time,” she said as Shannon hesitated. “Do it for me, even if you think I’m being crazy.”
“All right,” Shannon said reluctantly. “I’ll ask a few people if they heard anything. But that’s all. And you’ve got to promise me that you won’t do anything stupid, okay? If you find something out, take it to the cops.”
“All right,” Jessie said. “I’ll go to the cops if we find out anything.” 
She lied to Shannon without a thought.  She wasn’t going to tell the cops anything because she didn’t trust them. That Bennett guy was just typical of the breed. They didn’t care, as long as they had somebody to pin it on, and if they could pin it on a bunch of freaks, so much the better. Didn’t matter to them if it was the right person they put away or not, but it did to her. Jessie was going to find out who it was and they were going to pay for taking Kira away.
They were all going to pay. 
***
Rae Ann Davis began to realize soon after she left the bar with him that she had made a big, big mistake.
She’d agreed to come with him because he was so normal, usually so nice and friendly when she saw him in the bar where she worked. It wasn’t like he was a stranger. He had been coming in two, three nights a week for the last year or so, and she’d always spent a little time flirting with him. All the servers did. He was good-looking, for one thing; he was the blond beach-boy type that she went for, and he was nice, and he tipped big. All three of those things were hard to find in the same package. Rae Ann knew, because she’d been out there looking. 
When he’d asked her to go somewhere with him after work, she’d thought, why not? Why not go out with him and have a little fun? She was always working when everybody else was partying, so why shouldn’t she have her turn?
But it was getting a little too weird for her. When he’d asked her to go with him, she had thought that he meant to take her to his house. Not hiking over the river and through the woods to some shack out in the middle of nowhere. Rae Ann drew her jacket around her arms and glared around. What was this nasty place? And what was that smell? 
She protested to him, and he laughed and grabbed her tightly, pulling her into his body. His eyes looked manic, and Rae Ann knew that she shouldn’t have come. When she told him that she wanted to go home, he only sneered.
“What’s the matter?” He shook her roughly for emphasis, scaring her even more. “You’re not talking your way out of this. I know exactly what you are. You’re a whore. Did you think that you could hide it from me forever? A whore!”
He slammed her against the wall so hard that she thought her head would go through the plaster. Her back and shoulders felt bruised, and the blow stunned her.
“You’re going to pay, you bitch,” he said into her face. “You’ve been swinging your ass at me for a long time, teasing me and leading me on, and you’re going to pay up now. Always walking around with your tits and your ass hanging out, flaunting them at me; now I’m going to use you like the whore that you are.”
He kept shaking her, shaking her, his hands gripping her wrists cruelly and painfully. Then he began to strike her repeatedly in the face and on the head, screaming obscenities at her.
“No!” Rae Ann cried out between the blows. “I’m not like that. I came with you because I liked you. I really liked you!”
He grabbed her wrists and gave them a vicious twist, bringing her to her knees. He tugged her arms behind her back and tied her wrists together with a plastic tie from his pocket. Dazed and only half-conscious by now, she only dimly felt what he was doing. His hands slipped under the short skirt that she wore to work and ripped at her underclothing; she heard the cloth tear. He tumbled her onto her back and unbuckled his belt.
Rae Ann trembled all over and stared up at him as he put the belt around her neck and pulled it tight, wrapping the end around one hand.
As he pumped on top of her and she struggled for breath, all she could see was his face. His nice, normal, handsome face was contorted into that of a monster.
“No, Corey,” she managed to croak when he loosened the belt for a moment. “Please. Please.”
He only laughed and tightened it again, and Rae Ann knew that she was never going to leave this house. She was going to die here in this filthy place. 
She closed her eyes and thought about her scrupulously clean tiny apartment and all the pretty little things she’d decorated it with. Just yesterday, she’d found a framed tintype in one of the thrift shops she visited daily. The solemn little girl in the picture had a face like an angel, and Rae Ann had felt compelled to bring her home. 
She called that sweet little face up in her mind right now, until it was all she could see and all that was important to her. Funny to think that the little girl was long dead; maybe she’d see her in heaven, if there was one.
Rae Ann died with a smile on her face, and it was a good five minutes before Corey even noticed she was gone.

Chapter Two


The funeral for Kira took place five days later, after the police released her body. It was a perfect day; the kind where the Florida skies are deep and cloudless and the humidity is low enough so that the heat is bearable. As Jessie stood with Mrs. Davis and Shannon in the cemetery next door to the church, she thought that the atmosphere was all wrong. It should have been cloudy and raining, she thought darkly. There should be thunder, lightning, and wind to lash us. It shouldn’t be the sun shining brightly down on them all. It shouldn’t be just like every other day in Florida. This day was different because Kira was dead and the weather should reflect that, too.
David and Teresa Matthews stood gazing vacantly at the coffin that contained the remains of their only child, as if they hadn’t quite figured out what had happened yet. Their son Tom and daughter Caitlin stood behind them, both of their faces swollen from tears. Once, as Tom swayed, Mr. Matthews put out a hand and pulled him upright. 
Both Kira’s parents seemed calm throughout the ceremony, almost placid even, but as the minister uttered the last words of the service and the coffin was slowly lowered into the ground, an anguished wail of sorrow suddenly welled from Teresa Matthews’ throat. She heaved herself into her husband’s arms, burying her face against him. Jessie could barely stand to look at her pain, and she clutched Mrs. Davis’ arm and looked away, her own throat tight. She knew just how Teresa Matthews felt, because she’d felt exactly the same way at her mother’s funeral. 
She kept her face turned resolutely away from her mother’s tombstone. She never visited her mother’s grave. She couldn’t see her mother’s name written on that smooth stone; she couldn’t bear it. Maybe sometime in the future, but not now. she wanted to cry , but she knew that once she began she wouldn’t be able to stop. She would cry for Kira and her mother and Kira’s parents, and she didn’t want to do that here.
Jessie looked at Shannon instead; she didn’t seem to be holding up that well, either. Her face was pale, not its normal rosy color, and she stood listlessly beside Jessie, her head down and her eyes hidden behind dark glasses. Her parents were here somewhere; her mother had been friends with Teresa Matthews since the girls were in grade school, but Shannon had elected to stand with Jessie. Maybe she thought that Jessie needed some extra support, considering that the last time Jessie had been here, it had been to put her mother in the dark, dank ground.
Jessie looked around at the crowd and was surprised by how many had showed up from the college. She didn’t know that some of these people had even known Kira. Most of them had probably never lost anyone to death before, and some looked grief-stricken while others were openly sobbing. Still others slouched beside each other looking shocked, their eyes vacant.
Angelique Alea waved to Jessie, and she gave her a wisp of a smile that soon disappeared. She knew Angelique slightly, and she knew that Kira had hung out with a little bit. Kira always said that Angelique was better in small doses; she could be just a little intense sometimes and she made her tired just standing next to her. She couldn’t spend more than two hours with her without having to go home and take a nap.
Andy Mossiman held onto one of Angelique’s hands with both of his own, and he was staring at the ground. He raised his head when Angelique said something to him, long enough to give Jessie a brief, ghastly smile. Jessie looked around at the rest of them, wondering what they were all thinking. Were they, like her, wondering if any of the others in the crowd knew what had happened to Kira? She’d tried asking around at school about the party Kira had been going to attend, but she’d gotten few answers. A lot of them seemed to think that she was blaming the theater club for Kira’s death, but that wasn’t true. She just wanted to know what happened. 
Jessie walked with Mrs. Davis toward the Matthews, and as they came close Jessie held out her hand to Kira’s mother. Teresa would have none of that; she’d known Jessie Hartwell since the girl was in kindergarten, and she drew Jessie into her arms.
“I’m so sorry,” Jessie said against her silk-covered shoulder. “I loved her so much.”
Teresa’s hand caressed Jessie’s hair as she left her arms.
“She loved you, too,” she said and her faint smile faded as her eyes wandered to her daughter’s grave. For a moment, she seemed about to dissolve into tears again, but she struggled for control and found it. Mrs. Davis held out a palsied hand to her, and Teresa turned away from Jessie, trying to force herself to smile as the older woman conveyed her sympathies.
“I gotta go,” Shannon muttered suddenly in Jessie’s ear, and she took off without saying anything to either of Kira’s parents. Jessie stared after her as Shannon almost ran out the gates of the cemetery.
***
Jessie was working on her English paper when the telephone began to ring. Mrs. Davis was next door visiting, and cursing under her breath, Jessie got up to get it. There was a phone on the desk in the hallway, and she couldn’t stand to listen to it ringing. She sped down the narrow hall and picked it up on the fifth ring, right before it went to the old-fashioned answering machine.
“Hello?”
Nobody answered, but Jessie could hear breathing on the line. She huffed air from her nose impatiently. What kind of perv got a thrill from making crank phone calls? God knows what he was doing on the other end of the line. She started to hang up, and then heard her name spoken softly. 
“Jessie…I can see you.”
“Who is this?” she asked sharply.
“Leave this alone. Do you hear? Leave this alone or you’ll end up like Kira.”
Fear slid down her spine like a drop of icy water. The voice was husky and hoarse; a disguised croak that she couldn’t decipher, though she tried her best. I know who this is, she thought frantically. Who is it? The identity of the caller teased at the edge of her mind, but she couldn’t quite connect the voice to a face. 
“Why don’t you try to scare somebody else, asshole?” Jessie kept the fear out of her voice with an effort.
The caller chuckled. “I know where you go, and I know what you do. Listen to me, or I’ll know and I’ll come for you.”
The line went dead, and Jessie pulled the receiver away from her ear and stared at it in her hand. The ice that had dripped down her spine spread to the rest of her body, until she was shivering and shaking. She dropped into a fetal position beside the wall. Someone was trying to frighten her away from her investigation into Kira’s death.
A sudden scalding anger began to chase the cold from her limbs. Just who the hell did they think that they were dealing with here? Some scared little kid who’d back off at the first sign of danger? No, she was Mandy Hartwell’s daughter, and they could go fuck themselves. They had no idea who they were dealing with; threats wouldn’t work on her. Her mother had always said that the best way to get anyone in her family to do something was to tell them they couldn’t, and she was right. 
Nobody told her what to do, especially some psycho pervert who had to resort to crank calls to get what he wanted. She wouldn’t let him win.
Jessie stood up.
***
Shannon woke slowly. Darkness surrounded her, yet her room was filled with a strange shimmering glow, as if the moon had come to rest on her bed. She looked out the window, expecting to see a big round moon, but the night was deep silken ebony. She couldn’t see the moon at all. She let her eyes sweep the rest of her room.
Shannon sat up and gasped. 
There was a giant owl on her dresser. She’d seen owls before, but they were the small burrowing owls of this are, and this was a barn owl. She’d only seen these in pictures before. As she watched, it spread its thickly feathered wings and seemed to stretch the same way she did when she woke from a nap. Shannon pulled the covers all the way up to her neck, scrunching down into her warm bed, her eyes darting this way and that. 
The owl turned its head toward her and she saw that it was not there to hurt her. The light came from its blind eyes, a cold radiance that lit up the darkness of her room. The owl’s beak moved, and sound came from its throat, a high, screeching noise that was still recognizable as speech. Despite the distortion, she knew that voice. She knew it well.
“Come to me,” the owl said. Shannon covered her ears against the shrillness of it. “Come to me.”
Then it spread its wings again and the room filled with a light so bright that she covered her eyes to protect them. When she opened them again, the owl was gone. Numbly, she stood and began searching for her clothes. 
She must go to him, for he had called. Her master needed her. 
***
Maria Alonzo had gone to bed early that night, worn out from the funeral. She just couldn’t go to another one, she thought wearily before crawling under the covers of her neatly-made bed. Mandy Hartwell’s funeral had been bad enough, but Kira…she wasn’t much more than a child with her whole life ahead of her. It was too much. Maria had fallen into an exhausted sleep that had more to do with the emotional roller coaster she’d been on than any actual physical weariness.
She woke around midnight with the feeling that something was wrong. Something that didn’t have anything to do with the events of the day.
There was something wrong in her house.
She forced herself to lie still in the bed for a moment, listening to her husband snore quietly, straining to hear anything else. She could hear nothing but the normal sounds of the night, but the sense that something was wrong wouldn’t leave her. She got out of bed, being careful not to wake Marco. She slipped into her bathrobe and left her room, shutting the door quietly behind her.
She turned on the hallway light and peeped into Katherine’s room and smiled. The child of her middle years, her four-year-old daughter Katherine, was asleep on her back, her hair spread out on the pillow, her body spread-eagled across the bed. Katherine Alonzo slept like she lived – all over her space. She was the queen, even when she was asleep.
Maria hesitated at Shannon’s door. Shannon had been so funny about her privacy lately. But something had woken her, and she couldn’t rest until she made sure that her daughter was all right. She tapped softly on the door. When there was no response, she opened it and looked inside.
Shannon’s bed covers were thrown back and the room was empty. Maria hurried to the window to peer out into the night, but it was too dark to see anything. She leaned her forehead against the cold pane of glass, closing her eyes. When she opened them again, she thought that she saw a figure slipping into the shadows of the bushes.
“I’m going to kill that girl,” she muttered to herself. “She think that she can go slipping around all hours of the night, but she will learn.” She muttered a few choice words in Spanish as she belted her robe more securely and marched toward the front door. Some curses just sounded better in her native language.
“Shannon,” she hissed as she stepped onto the lawn in her bare feet. “Get in here. I know you think that you’re an adult but as long as you live in this house, you will follow my rules.”
She hurried around to the side of the house where she’d seen the figure and smiled grimly when she noticed that the door to the shed was open. The girl was going to have to be smarter than that if she was going to put one over on her.
“Shannon, are you there?” she called in a low voice, her eyes searching through the darkness of the shed. She began to feel uneasy, as if eyes were watching her from the blackness. And something smelled horrible in here. She’d make Marco take a look around tomorrow. It smelled as if something dead was in the shed. She took a step back when she heard a small noise in the depths of the darkness. 
“Shannon?” she called out. “Is that you?”
It was only instinct that saved her. When the sound at the back of the shed swelled into a snarl and something came charging out of the blackness, she jerked back and slammed the door shut. Something thudded hard against it, and Maria fled back across the yard, flew into the house and slammed the door behind her.
She stood with the door to her back, breathing heavily, her pulse racing. She was just about to go and wake her husband when she heard the back door open. 
“Shannon?” she called hesitantly. She couldn’t contain her relief when her daughter stepped around the corner, her face pale.
“Where were you?” she demanded, her fear turning into anger. “Do you know what time it is? I don’t mind you going out, but you must at least tell me when you’re going!”
Shannon shrugged off the hand her mother put on her arm. Her eyes darkened with an anger of her own, and Maria took a step back from her, her breath catching. Maria put a shaking hand up to her throat. Shannon looked as if…as if she hated her. 
“I went for a walk,” Shannon said sullenly. “I was thinking about Kira and Jessie’s mom. I couldn’t sleep.”
Maria felt her heart melt. This must be so hard for her. All young people thought themselves immortal, and then to find out that they are not…the truth that rules our lives is difficult to accept. 
Eventually, we all must die. 
Her daughter was just learning this, and Maria remembered what that felt like. It was hard to talk to parents. She must have lain awake, thinking about it, agonizing, but didn’t want to bother her, wouldn’t wake her mother to talk. She still thought that being an adult meant handling everything alone, when the reverse was true. Everything is easier if it is shared. Maria felt tears sting her eyes and she hugged her daughter fiercely, ignoring the stiffness of Shannon’s body in her embrace.
“Go to bed, Shannon,” she said gently. “It will seem better in the light of the day.”
Shannon shuffled off to bed with her head down. Maria went to look at the angelic, sleeping Katherine once more, and then slipped silently into bed beside her husband.
In the morning, Marco could find no trace of a dog in the shed and Maria never thought another thing about it. The dog had gotten away somehow, no big deal. She’d call animal control and have them come out and look around the neighborhood so that it wouldn’t try to attack anyone else.
In the weeks to come, Maria kept waking in the middle of the night, feeling a strange compulsion to check on her children, to make sure that all the windows and doors were locked. In the daytime, she dismissed her fears as silly. Marco laughed at her, and she laughed with him. She was just worrying, that was all. It was her nature.
But when she woke in the dark of the night, her heart pounding with fear and her sheets soaked through with sweat, she knew that something was wrong. Maria was Cuban, and her history was steeped in voodoo and superstition. It was hard to leave behind completely the beliefs of her childhood, and though her family liked to scoff, she knew that the feelings she got were real. 
She got the feeling now that something out there was watching her and watching her family. Out there watching, and waiting.
But waiting for what, she didn’t know.
***
In the darkness, he listened to the distant sound of a dog howling plaintively and he wondered why the sound bothered him so. He knew that there must be a reason that the dog was howling. What was it? Was it howling because it knew that its own death was coming? Did death stalk someone that it loved? 
Or was it warning him?
Somewhere deep inside his brain, the brain now twisted up into knots with meth and crack, he knew that he was being paranoid. He had moments of lucidity; moments in which he knew that there were great holes inside his brain that the drugs had made there. He’d know, then that he’d gone too far, and he knew that he should stop and seek help of some kind.
Then the rational moment would go away, and his thoughts would twist and turn bizarrely inside his head liked dueling, hissing snakes.
He knew that they were trying to kill him, and that death would come in the middle of the night to get him.
He lay still beneath the snowy sheets, strips of moonlight leaking through the curtains and painting strange shapes with shifting, glowing colors on the floor. He hadn’t been asleep; he hadn’t slept for three days.
He didn’t want to go to sleep because he was afraid. They had put a monster in his belly and it ate him from the inside out. It gnawed with bloody teeth and scratched with bloody talons at his intestines, growling and grunting inside him. If he went to sleep, it would finish him.
The dog stopped howling and he wondered idly if they killed it, too. If they’d eaten its face off and played in its blood, the way they wanted to killed him. 
They wanted his blood.
He began to whimper in his bed, thrashing and turning, and he thought about going outside, the way that they wanted, the way that they whispered for him to…He could hear them. Come outside, Corey, come and play…
No! He thought. No. that’s what they want. I won’t go outside with the dark and the trees and the moon. Tomorrow I’ll leave, I’ll go far away, far from all this, and they won’t be able to find me.
But he knew that he was only fooling himself. He couldn’t leave. He had a house and a job and they would hunt him down anyway, wherever he went. He needed the drugs they gave him. They knew everything he was doing and thinking anyway; they were watching his every move. He’d heard little clicks on his phone and there had been someone peering in his window last night. Whoever it was had run away when he’d screamed and shot his pistol. 
And now they’d put the monster in him, and the monster wanted blood. If Corey didn’t feed it soon, it would take his blood. He’d thought that it would be satisfied with the girl he’d given it the other night, but it hadn’t been enough for the monster. It wanted more. 
Corey crawled out of bed and went to the window. He strained hard to see through the darkness but all he saw were mutating, transforming shadows. It seemed still and quiet out there, but he knew that it was only an illusion.
They were watching him.
He started to turn on the television but he knew that they watched him through the screen so he left it off. He’d found that out one day when the cable had gone out; through the static he’d seen Dan’s face peering at him. Since then, he’d left the TV off.
Maybe I’ll eat, he thought. He didn’t think that he’d done that for a while; he kept forgetting. Corey went and rummaged through the refrigerator. There wasn’t much there; eating hadn’t been a priority with him lately, but he managed to find some cheese slices and bologna that didn’t look too bad. He smeared mayonnaise on two slices of bread and slapped the sandwich together, stuffing almost half of it in his mouth all at once. He slurped down the soft drink he’d found in one big gulp.
He stood staring at the back of the refrigerator while he ate. The light flickered and Corey knew suddenly what he was supposed to do. He dropped the last bite of his sandwich where he stood and left the refrigerator door open when he walked away.
He moved through the house without turning the lights on; it was strange how alien familiar objects can look in the dark. The furniture seemed to leap forward when he turned his head. He could see it out of the corners of his eyes but when he turned his head sharply, it all went back to where it was before. Once he became convinced that the mirror on the wall was twisting itself into a hideous shape, just waiting for him to come close enough to grab. He stared at it until it changed itself back into a mirror again. He didn’t have time for this; the light in the refrigerator had told him what he had to see. 
He turned on the television. At first it was nothing but static, but then he began to see the picture and Corey giggled with excitement. He saw the hand holding the knife and he knew that it was his hand. He saw the man standing there, saw him stagger from the inhuman force of the blow. The knife tore through flesh and cartilage with a ripping sound and then hacked through to the brain. The corpse sagged to the floor, blood flowing down, flowing everywhere, and Corey giggled even more when he saw that the corpse still shuddered and twitched in the throes of death.
He knew what he had to do.
Dan had shown him. It had been Dan on the TV, just like before, but this time he hadn’t been spying; he had shown Corey what to do to keep the monster from killing him, from eating his guts. He had to kill. He had to kill the man on the television. 
“Okay, Dan,” he said aloud, and the sound of his voice reverberated through the quiet house. “I’ll do it. Thanks for showing me that.”
It was going to be easy, too. Because Corey knew that the man was an insomniac and he often went to his office at night to work. His car would be parked right out front so it would be easy to tell if he was there. The office was isolated and Corey could get in and out without notice.
The man trusted him, so it would be easy for him to get close. He stopped by the office to visit all the time when the man was working. To check on him, because that was Corey’s job.
Because Corey was a cop.
Corey got high before he left; Dan had told him that the monster needed drugs, too. He was still giggling when he pecked on the window and the man looked up from his work and smiled at him. 
Corey rubbed his hands together as the man unlocked the door. This was going to be fun. He hoped that the monster liked it as much as he did.
***

She had a stalker.
Phoebe knew about stalkers, everyone did, but they belonged in someone else’s life. She wasn’t a singer, or famous, or even fantastically beautiful. She wasn’t any of those things. She was just an ordinary woman with an ordinary job and an ordinary life. 
She looked at herself in the bathroom mirror. She was in her early twenties, dressed neatly in a business suit, with a slender figure and big blue eyes. She wore her brunette hair up, exposing neat earlobes with discreet, gold button earrings. Heads didn’t turn when she walked down the street. 
She was ordinary. 
Phoebe was beginning to wonder if it was someone she knew well; maybe someone she dated, or someone she worked with. It was getting harder and harder to think; she couldn’t sleep at night and when she did drop off, her sleep was filled with nightmares. She woke every morning with an impending sense of doom.
Maybe today would be the day he struck. When she finally made it through each day, her nerves stretched tight enough to bounce quarters off, she thought: Maybe it will be tomorrow. 
This can’t go on, she thought to herself. I can’t take anymore. 
She glanced at the slim, elegant watch on her wrist, the one she’d found in a high-end consignment shop. It was time to leave for work. She looked around at her condo; she’d owned it for a year. She was proud of her house. She’d bought it with her own money and until recently it was her haven of peace, the place where she felt safe. 
Now it felt like a prison, because someone had been in here while she was gone. Not just once, but several times, and they’d moved her things around. She could report it to the police, but what could she say?
Officer, someone came into my house while I was at work and moved my jewelry box three inches to the right. No, they didn’t take anything, just moved it. They rifled through my underwear drawer, and I know this because I always fold my socks, and they were all crumpled up. Oh, and one of my least expensive perfumes is gone. Yes, that’s all, just the $10 perfume I bought at a drugstore chain. I feel like someone is watching me all the time, at work, while I’m driving home, when I’m lying by the pool…Yes, I’ll be sure and call you when I have some evidence that someone is watching me. Thank you, Officer, for letting me make a fool of myself and convincing you that I’m a nut-job. 
When it was time to go outside and get into her car, Phoebe stuck her head out the front door and looked both ways before going all the way outside. The she ran to the car, pushing the button on her clicker to unlock the doors right as she reached it. After sliding inside quickly, she locked the door with hands that trembled and headed downtown to the bank where she had worked for five years. She felt her eyes tear up, and she couldn’t tell if it was from the harsh rays of the Florida sun or from fear. The back of her neck prickled and a sharp pain throbbed above one eye. 
She turned the car into the parking lot of the bank, ignoring the voice in her head that was clamoring for her to just keep driving, to just go on down the road until she was far, far away. At least she was safe here; it was only nine in the morning and the bank was buzzing with people. 
When Phoebe got to her desk and threw her purse down, her supervisor approached. He smiled at her, and Phoebe felt suddenly cold.
Maybe it was him. 
Maybe his distinguished looks and fatherly manner hid a monstrosity. Maybe underneath his silver hair was the brain of a psychopath and he was only waiting for the day when he could show her his secret self. 
Maybe he’d kill her today.
A broad smile suddenly crossed her face, and Brian beamed back. He was a nice man, and Phoebe felt better all at once. She decided then and there that the next time she felt that someone had been in her house, she would call the police, even if they derided her fears.  If she was imagining things like this of poor Brian, it was time to get someone else to help her. She chuckled to herself as Brian walked away. Brian, a stalker. 
Yeah, she was definitely going to call them tonight and talk to someone about this stuff. As soon as she got home. At least she would feel that she had done something, even if the police laughed at her for it.
But Phoebe had left it too late. 
When she didn’t show at work the next two days, her co-workers got uneasy. Brian called the police, because he didn’t believe a conscientious person like Phoebe would take off without saying a word to anyone. Phoebe had never missed a day’s work without calling, he told the detective on the phone. She had vacation days saved up; if she had wanted a day off, all she had to do was call, so something was wrong. They couldn’t get her on the phone, not her cell or her house phone. He’d tried himself, at least ten times last night alone. He had a key that Phoebe had given him when she first moved in; would they come by the bank, pick it up, and then go check on her?
When the two officers opened the door to her condo, they found something resembling a charnel house. One of the officers had been a cop in Miami for twenty years before transferring to Ft. Myers; he boasted that he’d seen everything and that nothing made him sick anymore. He joined his rookie partner in the bushes after ten seconds of seeing what someone had done to Phoebe Walker.
She didn’t even look human anymore.
And that stuff congealed in the bottom of her good crystal goblets looked an awful lot like blood. 



Chapter Three

“Will you please hurry?” 
Angelique rolled her eyes as she pleaded because she knew that Andy wasn’t listening. He wasn’t going to speed up, and that bothered her. And what was up with his hygiene lately? She wrinkled her nose. She wasn’t shallow or anything but Andy looked so awful lately that she was embarrassed to be seen with him. He was pallid and his hair was dirty and that was the same shirt he’d been wearing yesterday, she was sure of it. 
“Hang on,” Andy said, and it seemed to her that he dug through his bag even more slowly, just to annoy her.
Part of her wanted to leave him standing there, but she waited. They’d been friends for a long time and they’d been dating for almost a year. But she sure didn’t like the way he’d been behaving lately. He didn’t seem to care about anything at all and she was just about sick of it. She’d spoken to him about it and he got a great big attitude, so she’d backed off and given him a little breathing room. 
Kira dying had been hard on him and she should remember that, she told herself. Angelique frowned. But now that she thought about it, all this weirdness had started before Kira died. Ever since he’d met that guy Dan, Andy had been acting strangely and she was tired of it. She didn’t like that Dan guy – he just seemed like a big jerk who didn’t know what he wanted to do with his life.
Angelique, however, knew perfectly well what she was going to do with hers. And until just recently, Andy had known what he was going to do with his. It didn’t matter what she dressed like on the weekends; she did that for fun and to freak people out. She liked to prove to people that you couldn’t tell what someone was like just by looking at them. When you looked at her in her freaky clothing with her nose ring and her heavy, theatrical makeup, did you think honor student? 
No, of course not. But that’s what she was. She’d never had a grade lower than an A. 
Her mother told her that she was wasting her time, that she should give up her theater friends and stop all her studying. She said that Angelique should just find a good man and marry him, but Angelique didn’t listen to her. She loved her mother, but she was from a different generation. She was still living in that submissive mindset, where the man made all the rules and the woman took all the orders. Sometimes she sounded like she was still living in the nineteen fifties. And where had that gotten her, exactly? 
The last thing Angelique wanted to do was wind up like her mother, getting married as soon as some man asked her, having a couple kids and then wondering what happened when her drunken husband took off for who-knew-where with her only car and all her money. She wasn’t going to scrub toilets for a living and raise two kids all alone, not her. That was not going to happen. She was going to graduate from FGCU with honors and take her full scholarship right on to medical school.
So she partied on the weekends – she studied hard every weeknight, making sure that she got the grades that she needed. She was going to have a great life, and nobody was going to give it to her. She would earn it herself.
Angelique stared at Andy now and wondered why she was bothering with him. She looked at her watch and huffed with displeasure. He was just so infuriating lately. Whatever was wrong with him, he’d had long enough and plenty of chances to pull himself out of it. He knew how she felt. 
“Maybe you don’t care if you’re late, but I do,” she snapped. 
Angelique surged off down the hall and Andy shambled after her, catching up just as she opened the door. The professor shot them both a dirty look but didn’t say anything. Angelique considered herself lucky, and she made up her mind right then as she headed for a desk as far away from Andy as she could get. He had been acting this way for weeks, and she was tired of waiting for him to get better. Talking hadn’t helped. Being sweet to him hadn’t helped. Anger hadn’t helped. 
It was time she took her own path. 
Andy Mossiman could consider himself dumped. 
***
Dan Jackson stared all around, resting for a moment with his oar across his lap. 
It was a different world out here, man. One hour away from the city, but it was a million miles from civilization. The humidity seemed ten times worse here in the swamps than it did in Fort Myers. Marsh grasses grew in profusion and flamingos and herons stood in the shallow water, their beaks searching the bottom for food. There were more flamingos here in this one spot than he’d seen in his entire life, and he was born in Florida. 
He started paddling again; he could look at the birds later, when he was done with his little chore. Dan cursed as he bogged down momentarily in the silt of the swamp, then he pushed off with his oar and gave a sigh of relief when the boat began to move, propelling him further into the Everglades.
What seemed like millions of mosquitoes buzzed all around him, eating him up despite all the repellant he’d smeared on himself. Hell, he had even picked up a leech getting into the canoe, and it had left an angry red welt on his leg. Dan shuddered at the thought of the repulsive creature he’d plucked off his leg and tossed overboard. Then he laughed. Here he was, looking down on the leech for being a bloodsucker but it was just doing the same things he liked to do. 
“Isn’t that right, Andy?” he called back to the body wrapped in canvas in the back of the canoe. He chuckled at his own wit. “You found out firsthand about bloodsuckers, didn’t you?”
Dan cackled again and realized that he didn’t sound quite sane. He had taken so much stuff today that it was hard to know what was real and what wasn’t. His head was spinning. But hey, sanity was just a word, wasn’t it? 
Dan hadn’t really wanted to come out here, but he was Dian Carman’s number one man, wasn’t he? He had to take care of problems as they came up, and disposing of bodies had become a problem. If many more showed up with all the blood gone out of them, the whole city would panic. It had been his idea to bring them out here to the swamp, but he never thought that he was going to be the one who had to do it. Should have just kept his mouth shut. 
Dan slapped a mosquito. Little bugger was full of his blood, look at it, smeared all over his arm. He put out his tongue and licked it all up. Probably full of Andy’s blood, too, come to think of it, since he’d sucked down his share at the party last night.
Dan smiled. He’d just bought a canoe with his own money and put it on top of the car he had purchased with his own share of the meth money. God, he loved having money. The people who said that money wasn’t important had never done without it, obviously. After all those years of having none, after staying with that miserable, miserly, crazy old woman, it was like being in heaven. Dan had never felt so alive.
He loved meth. 
He loved the ceremonies and loved loved loved the expression on all those stupid people’s faces when they saw what was coming, when they realized that he’d tricked them. He wanted to laugh, every time, when they finally figured out that good ol’ Danny boy had engineered the whole thing.  
Dan laughed. He was really quite clever, but nobody ever realized it until it was too late. 
Dan heard a low, snorting sound and looked around to see a bull alligator slide sinuously down into the water until only his glittering eyes and his nostrils showed. Dan liked alligators; they were as old as the dinosaurs and they were the kind of cold-blooded killers that he admired. They were killers in the way he imagined the dinosaurs had been before they became extinct. They killed without regret and without feeling. 
Dan felt a little regret right now: He regretted that Andy Mossiman was already dead. He’d like to cut that whiney little punk and toss him in for the gators to feed on, see the frenzy in the water as they fought over him and tore off chunks of flesh. They would have dragged him down to drown, screaming, before they shoved him underneath something for a couple of days to ripen and rot. Alligators liked their meat a little aged.
Oh, well. Some other time, maybe. Some other victim.
“Here, fella,” Dan called softly. “Nice little dinner for you here.” 
He shoved the bundle over the side, not bothering to retrieve the canvas. No one was ever going to find the body, anyway, so what did it matter? There would be nothing left to find. What the gators didn’t eat, the other predators would. There might be a piece of bone or two left after they were all done, but who was going to find it out here? The swamp could hide a million bodies…and maybe it would need to.
***
Roland Andrews was pissed.
He couldn’t believe that he’d let himself be suckered into this. After all that talk to his wife about how he was going to be more assertive, how he was going to stop letting people push him around, here he was doing it again. He’d let his idiot neighbor talk him into taking him along on one of his trips to the Everglades. He knew the man drove him crazy, so why had he done it? Why did his mouth say yes, when his brain was screaming no no no? 
Roland cursed under his breath. He was a smart man, how did he let these things happen? He’d been one of hundreds of applicants, had competition from some of the best environmentalists in the business and yet he had won a grant to further his research strictly on the strength of his credentials and his proposal. So why did he revert to an eager-to-please little boy whenever anyone asked for a favor? Maybe he should consider a therapist, as his wife had suggested. He’d acted as if it was a crazy idea when she brought it up, but it was sounding a lot better now.
The study he did in the swamps was important, and the data he collected could help them save the Everglades wildlife from extinction. He couldn’t afford to be distracted and yet somehow, a moron was in the boat with him. In a very small boat, in the middle of nowhere, and he would be stuck with him for hours.
And it was his own fault. 
“Hey, look at all them gators! They’re vicious, ain’t they? Don’t get too close, ok?”
Roland rolled his eyes. “They’re predators,” he said shortly. “If we leave them alone, they’ll leave us alone.” Idly, he let his gaze drift toward the alligators, then picked up his binoculars. He peered through them at the roiling mass of alligators. “Hand me the air horn.” His neighbor opened his mouth, probably to ask another inane question, and Roland cut him off. “Just hand it here!” 
It took three blasts of the air horn before the alligators began to disperse, and Roland swallowed down bile as they got close enough to see what they had been fighting over. Usually he loved the fecund smell of the Everglades, but suddenly it seemed fetid; the odor of death and decay.
Floating in the water was the upper half of a body- the head and ragged torso of a young man.
Roland’s neighbor leaned over the side and vomited when Roland reached out with gloved hands and hauled what was left of the body into the boat. He was still retching when Roland called 911 on his cell phone and spoke to an operator. 
***
Jorge decided to attack the woman that he was following in her own apartment.
He’d been walking down the street after meeting up with Dan and getting his new supply when he saw her. He’d already stashed the drugs but he was too buzzed from checking the batch to stay at home. He just ambled down the street, laughing crazily. He’d go home when he came down a little, when he could stand to be shut behind four walls.
When he saw her come out of the building he decided right then to do her, just like that. He’d see where she was going and if he had to, he’d wait. He knew where she lived, and all he’d have to do is hang around here a little.
Yeah, he’d do her.
She was tall and blond and plump, just the way he liked them. He followed her to the grocery store, smiling because he knew now that she was sure to go home after she left here. She never even noticed him, ‘cause he was way too slick, even if he was flying. He could act straight when he needed to. 
He didn’t see no ring on her finger, so she probably wasn’t married, but it didn’t matter if she was. If she had a man in there, he’d just kill him first. Or maybe he’d make the guy watch while he did her. 
Jorge waited until she finished her grocery shopping, then he followed her home and into the apartment building. It was just as easy as he’d thought it was going to be. Then he showed her his gun and made her take the stairs up to her apartment. He didn’t want to get in no elevator ‘cause there might be somebody in there and she might scream or something. Not that he was afraid of nobody, but it might get messy and then he wouldn’t get to have his fun. 
“Don’t make me mad, now,” he cautioned her in a slow, creepy voice that made goose bumps pop up on her arms. “You won’t like it if you make me mad. But I might.” And he giggled in a way that made her shudder.
He shoved the gun in her back and she started up the stairs, her legs trembling. She could feel his breath on her back. She moved carefully, slowly, grasping the bag of groceries tightly against her chest. Maybe it would be okay. He seemed reasonable…but she shuddered anyway. She knew it wasn’t true, because she had seen his eyes. They were the eyes of a madman, flicking right and left, left and right. A tic distorted his face every few seconds, and his pupils were so tiny she could hardly see them. 
But maybe it would be all right. Maybe it would.
When she got to her apartment, she could barely fit the key into the lock because her hands trembled so. He pressed the gun into her back and she forced it home with a cry of relief, tears on her cheeks. He motioned her into her apartment and stepped in behind her, then closed the door and locked it, sliding the deadbolt home. She stood numbly in the tiny foyer, almost paralyzed by panic. Why hadn’t she screamed and tried to run? What was she going to do now? 
What good was a deadbolt if the crazies were already inside the house?
A big smile broke over Jorge’s face when she saw the other girl sitting on the raggedy couch. She started to run, but he showed her the gun and she subsided. He made the other girl sit down with her and he smacked his lips as he looked at them sitting there waiting for him, like they were his two slaves or something.
Two blondes with a little wiggle and jiggle. It’s my lucky day.
But not theirs. 
He was laughing when he walked over to them.
***
Jessie was asleep.
One minute she was wide-awake, and the next she was dreaming. She hadn’t realized she was so tired, but the emotional toll the last week had taken on her had been unbelievable, and it was easy for that to translate to the physical.
Her mother was here, so she must be dreaming. You had to be asleep to dream.
So she must have been tired.
“I’ve got to tell you a story,” her mother said firmly from her cross-legged perch at the end of the bed. “And you have to listen, ‘kay, baby? It’s important.”
“All right,” Jessie said. “If it’s important. I always liked your stories.”
“This one’s not mine,” Dream-Mom said. “It’s a story that my Grandmother Belle told me and she says that she heard it from her Great-Grandmother, who told it to her when she was very little.”
“The Grandma Belle that was Cherokee?” Jessie asked. “She always sounded like so much fun. I always wished I could have met her.”
“She says hello,” Dream-Mom said. “She says that you are brave and beautiful and that she has met you many times. She says that you see her often in the warmth that shines from stranger’s eyes. The blood that you share with her knows when she is there, but she diluted the knowing in all her descendants when she married that no-good, stubborn, drunken German. She says that you must trust your heart and not your mind because you put too much faith in what you think is true and do not pay enough attention to what you feel is true.”
Dream-Mom shook her head. “No, Grandma, I’m not telling her anything else. I’ve got to tell her this story and you keep getting off the subject,” she said heatedly to someone that Jessie could not see, even in her dream. Whoever it was must have subsided, because Dream-Mom began her story in a cadence that was not her own. 
This is the story of a chief who lived long ago. He was wise and brave, this chief, and he was very sad for his wife had just died, and he had no children. His wife had often urged him to take a second wife, for she said it was not right for such a great man to have no sons, but he had resisted. He did not want a second wife, he wanted only her. And so when she died, he was alone.
One day, a young woman came riding into camp, her clothes torn and dirty and her face wild with grief. This young woman was wife to the chief’s brother and so she was his sister, and the chief honored her as such.
“Help me,” she cried. “My husband your brother has been killed by our enemies to the north. They tried to take me prisoner, but I fought them and came here. You must avenge my husband!”
When the chief heard this, he took a party of warriors and rode north. The wife of his brother went along to show him the place where her husband had been killed and to bring back the body as was proper. 
But something strange began to happen.
As they rode north, the forest became darker and darker. Though it was summertime, the leaves had already fallen from the trees and it began to be very cold. The chief, who was both wise and brave, began to be afraid.
“What witchcraft is this?” he thought, for he had never been this afraid before. The horses began to shy at the dark shadows, acting as they do when a great wolf stalks them. When the chief looked around, he saw that his warriors were afraid, too.
When he looked at the woman again, he saw that she was not the wife of his brother at all, but a witch in disguise. The witch called all around her many crows, which cawed horribly. All of the Cherokee know that the crow is a portent of death. 
“What do you want?’ the chief asked the witch. “And where are my brother and sister?”
“I have enslaved them,” said the witch. “But I will let them go if you will promise to take their place for you would make me a much better servant.” She laughed when she said it, for she knew that the chief was proud as well as brave, and it would be hard for him to serve as her slave. 
“Very well,” the chief said. “I love my brother and sister. But before I become your servant, I must go back to my village and sing my death song.” For he knew that once he came back to the witch, he would never leave.
“Swear to me on your brother’s life that you will come back to this very spot one full moon from now,” said the witch. “And I will release my prisoners for I know that your word will not be broken once you give it.”
The chief gave his word and she released his brother and his wife, who threw themselves at the chief’s feet, crying that they would rather stay with the witch than lose him. 
“What kind of man would I be if I went back on my word, even to a witch?” asked the chief, and they all hung their heads in sorrow. 
They all made ready to return to their homes, their hearts heavy, for they did not want to lose their wise leader.
“I have a proposition for you, oh wise one. When you return, I will gamble with you for your life. I will put a white stone and a black stone each in a bag and you will choose one. If you choose the white stone, you will be free. If you choose the black stone, you will stay with me forever.”
The warriors all clamored for the chief to take her bet, for he was the best in his tribe at games of chance. When they played the hand game, he always won, so the chief agreed. 
The chief and his warriors returned home and the chief thought to sing his death song right then, but the elders of the tribe convinced him to go and ask every member of the tribe for advice in how to win the witch’s game. The chief thought that it was a good idea, and he soon found himself with more answers than he wanted.
Every person that he asked gave him a different answer. Some thought he should kill the witch, for she would kill him if she could, and she probably planned to do so. Some told him to cheat. Some thought that he should take the medicine man along to counteract any spell she put on him. One woman even suggested throwing poison into the witch’s eyes so that she was blinded and could not tell which stone he picked. 
None of the answers seemed right to the chief and time was growing short, so he asked the elders of the tribe if all the people in the village had given an answer. It turned out that one woman had not yet given her answer to the chief, so the day before he was to leave to join the witch, he went to seek out this woman, who he found washing clothes on the riverbank. 
He saw her only from the back first, and he thought that she was a fine figure of a woman, for she was sleek and muscled and strong as she did her work. Then she turned around and the chief saw that she was the ugliest woman that he had ever seen.
Her hair was the texture of a horse’s tail and it surrounded a face that was the color of rancid fat. Her eyes were too close together and very small, and her nose was flattened on her face. Her teeth were huge as horse’s teeth and they stuck out between her lips, even when she closed her mouth. She seemed to have no chin. 
“I know what you should do,” she told him. “And I will tell you freely, with no expectation of reward.” 
She told him what she thought, and he was impressed at her reasoning. It was the best advice he had received yet, and he told her so. She stared at him without speaking until he became uncomfortable, and then she spoke again, looking shyly down at the ground.
“I have a request of you,” she said. “I want you to take me as your wife, for my entire family is dead, and I have no kin. I have to rely on others to provide for me, and this hurts my pride. I want a home of my own and a man to call mine. I want children to take care of me in my old age, and I fear that I will never have them unless I marry now.”
The chief agreed without hesitating. 
The next morning, he rode north with his warriors to meet the witch and he found her in the very spot that he had left her. She cackled when she saw him and her crows rose all around her, cawing horribly. 
“So,” she said. “You have kept your word.”
She held out two bags to him and the chief took them from her, turning them over and over in his hands.
“Enough!” she said finally. “Choose, and accept your fate.”
The chief chose one of the bags and handed the other to the warrior by his side.
“Look in the bag that I have not chosen,” he said. “If the rock is black, I have chosen correctly and I will return home triumphant. If it is white, I am lost.”
“No!” cried the witch. “Look in the bag that you have chosen.”
But it was too late – the warrior had already opened the other bag, and it contained a black stone. The witch cried out in rage, the crows screaming with her, so long and so loud that the chief and the warriors all put their hands over their ears. She stamped her feet and the ground trembled. A cold wind whipped them, and an oak tree fell with a crash. One of the warriors was almost crushed beneath it, but the chief pulled him away just in time.
“Will you keep your word?” the chief shouted. “Or do you mean to kill us all and prove that you have no honor? We have played your game, and I have won.”
The witch stopped her raging and the wind died down.  
“You have won your freedom,” the witch said grudgingly. “Go now, before I change my mind and kill you all.”
Her crows came around her, lifting her by her garments and carrying her away, and the Cherokee all left, vowing never to come to this part of the forest again.
The chief went home to prepare for a wedding, for he had given his word to the ugly woman. The elders of his tribe tried to talk him into marrying another, for they said that the woman was unsuitable. The chief was adamant, for she had saved him from a life of servitude. She had told him that the witch would try to cheat him, and it had been her idea to open the other bag, for she believed that both bags would contain black stones. 
At the wedding feast, all were uneasy at the bad match that they thought their chief had made. The bride sat proudly beside her new husband, her sallow cheeks flushed red.  Some of the people began to make loud comments about her. 
“She is ugly and old,” said one. “She can never give him children.”
“She is not worthy of him,” said another. “She should be ashamed at forcing this marriage on him.”
“It’s a wonder she doesn’t whinny instead of speak,” said yet another. “With those teeth, I would expect it.”
The chief kept his silence and ignored the chattering until he saw that his wife’s tiny eyes were shining dark with tears.
“Silence!” he thundered to them all. “You say that she is old, but does not wisdom and dignity come with age? Are these not good qualities for a wife to possess? Do you think that honor is found in the teeth or in the heart? Is the character of a woman to be found in her face or in her actions? Honor my choice, my people, for this is she, and I will not deny my wife because you think I must.”
And the people felt ashamed, because they knew that everything he said was good and true, and they had behaved badly toward his new bride.
“You are right,” they said. “We welcome your new wife.”
“Thank you,” cried the woman and while they looked upon her, her face began to change. She became beautiful; her hair grew long and silky and her skin clear and dewy. She had straight, white teeth between lips as red as strawberries, and her eyes were as large and brown as a doe’s. She had a pointed little chin and a fine straight nose, and all the people stared at her in astonishment.
“I, too, was under an enchantment from the witch,” she said. “Only if I could find someone who could see past the ugliness of my features to the beauty of my heart would I ever be freed.”
The chief and his tribe rejoiced in the good marriage that he had made, and he and his wife lived a long and happy life. They had many brave sons and beautiful daughters who took care of them in their old age, just as the woman had told the chief years before. 
But there was something that the wise chief never told his wife or his tribe. After the witch had tricked him by disguising herself as his brother’s wife, he had gone to the medicine man, who taught him to see beneath the outer shell of a person to the soul beneath. He had known all along that his bride-to-be was beautiful. 

“There is something that you need to know about this story,” Dream-Mom said. “The chief in the story was your ancestor and he has given every one of his lineage the ability to see through those who masquerade as something else. I knew how, but I didn’t trust myself. It’s why I died.” 
Dream-Mom grasped Jessie’s hand hard. 
“You can see through any disguise, so remember that. Grandma Belle says to look with the eyes beneath your eyes, and to be careful. He is even more dangerous than the witch was, because he will not only cheat to get what he wants, he will not keep any promises that he makes you. He has no honor and no fear because he has no soul.”
Jessie yawned and went downstairs for a glass of iced tea. She needed the caffeine jolt to help her wake up after that strange dream. 

Chapter Four

Lightning flashed jaggedly, bisecting the purple-black clouds in the hazy twilight sky. Gusting winds tugged at the palm fronds and sent leaves whipping through the air. Jessie stared moodily out the window with her chin in her hands. Rain beat down hard on the roof, hitting so sharply that it sounded like hail.
It suited Jessie’s mood. 
It was Mrs. Davis’ bridge night and she wouldn’t be home until at least ten. Jessie didn’t know if that was a relief or a sorrow. She didn’t want to be alone, but she didn’t want to be with anybody else either. Shannon was driving her crazy, because every time she tried to talk to her about Kira’s death, she brushed her off. She kept saying that it was over and done with and that it was time to move on with life. 
And she’d never look Jessie in the eyes while she said it.
Jessie sighed. Maybe she’d soak in a nice, hot bath with some bath salts. She was halfway down the hall when the phone rang, and she tensed. Maybe it was the psycho calling back again.
There was no answer at the other end when she picked up the phone. She hung it up with a slam and stood there, frowning. She’d just thought of something. How did the psycho get her phone number in the first place? 
It had to be someone who knew her.
How else would they know she lived with Mrs. Davis? It’s not like she listed it in the school paper or something. She didn’t go around telling people, either.
At that moment, all the lights in the house blinked out.
Jessie felt the wave of darkness wash over her. She could feel her heart beating faster and fear flooded her body. Then she told herself not to be silly. There was a storm outside, wasn’t there? And the electricity always went out in the storm. She’d just go downstairs and find the candles that Mrs. Davis kept for emergencies. She groped her way toward the staircase, and carefully holding onto the railing, began to descend into the blackness. Then she saw a thin beam of light bobbing around downstairs.
“Mrs. Davis?” she called out, and her voice wavered only a little. “Is that you?” Her voice echoed in the big house.
Nobody answered, but the beam of light began to come closer.
Mrs. Davis would have answered. Jessie’s heart pounded hard and her legs felt weak. She turned and went back up the stairs as quickly as she could. Inside her room, she locked the door. The electricity was out and the phone was cordless. Where was her cell? She rummaged desperately on the floor, her eyes straining to adjust to the dim light. She finally found her purse shoved underneath the edge of the bed and gave a gasp of relief. 
Her fingers had just closed on the cell when she saw the doorknob move. Jessie froze when whoever was on the other side gave a low laugh.
“I told you to stay out of it, didn’t I?”
“I’m calling the cops!” Jessie screamed. She punched desperately at the cell’s screen, but the phone and her fingers refused to cooperate.  “I’m calling them right now!”
“I’m leaving now. Call them if you want.” The person laughed again. “But I want you to think about something, Jessie. This door is flimsy. I could have broken it down any time I wanted to. Do as you’re told and stop asking questions.”
She heard footsteps move away, but she stayed crouched tensely on the floor, her eyes glued to the doorknob. She never heard anything else, and the doorknob never moved again. A few minutes later, the power came back on. Jessie turned on every light in the house, and Mrs. Davis exclaimed over the brightness when she arrived. Jessie didn’t tell Mrs. Davis about the intruder, just watched numbly as the little old lady went around and turned off all the lights. 
When it was time to sleep, Jessie huddled on her bed fully clothed, still clutching her cell phone. She stared at her palm tree lamp until her eyes felt as if they were filled with ground glass and closed reluctantly. The lamp stayed on all night; Jessie kept waking in a panic and the feeble glow cast by the cheery 50’s kitsch was the only thing that kept her from screaming. 
***
“Jessie!”
The hoarse sound of Mrs. Davis’ voice sent Jessie flying down the stairs.
“What is it?” she called out, frightened.
Sergeant Bennett stood in the open doorway and Jessie raced up to put her arm around Mrs. Davis, supporting her. She glared at the policeman.
“What are you doing here?” she asked coldly.
“I have a warrant to search the premises,” he said. “Let us in, please.” Mrs. Davis made a little snorting noise, and he flushed a little as he met her scornful gaze.
“Look,” he said more softly. “We’re not going to tear up your stuff, regardless of what you see on television. We’re just going to look around. At most you’ll have to put things away after we’re gone.”
“You’re wasting your time,” Jessie said furiously as he handed the warrant over. They both moved reluctantly and he stepped over the threshold, followed closely by four more policemen. “I don’t take drugs and I don’t know anything about any meth. Why don’t you go find the real killer instead of bothering me?”
She felt his sharp eyes on her as she helped Mrs. Davis to a chair and fussed over her a little, bringing her a pillow to lean on and a hassock to prop her feet on. 
“I didn’t have anything to do with this,” she said, not looking at him. “Kira was hanging out with a bunch of theater kids. They might know something about all this, but I don’t. She was supposed to go to some party with them that Friday.”
“Why didn’t you tell me this before?” His voice was sharp, and Jessie didn’t answer him. “If you’re withholding information…”
“Because you made her angry,” Mrs. Davis broke in crisply. “And because she was angry, she forgot. Just as you are making both of us angry now. She forgot. It’s not a hanging offense and she’d just found out that her best friend had been murdered. Look, can’t you see how ridiculous this is? This is a girl who’s had a stunning amount of loss in the last few months. Her mother and her best friend were killed. There is some kind of monster going around killing at random and you’re bothering someone who has been victimized by these crimes almost as much as the two who were murdered.”
The Sergeant looked down at the floor.
“There’s been another murder.” He brought his head up to look at Jessie’s face. “It’s someone else you know. It’s Andy Mossiman.”
Jessie felt dizzy and she reached out for the back of Mrs. Davis’ chair but her hand never got here. Everything began to get fuzzy and her legs grew wobbly. I’m gonna fall on Mrs. Davis, she thought, and then she couldn’t think anymore at all. 
There’s something evil happening, baby.
She was dreaming that Mom was sitting on the couch again, only this time her arms were wrapped warmly around Jessie, who reveled in her touch. She could remember sitting like this so many nights. They’d be watching tv or just talking, but Mom always had to be touching. She used to say that she and her sister Lucy were changelings because nobody else in her family touched each other unless they had to, but she and Lucy had to be snuggled up like little kittens all the time. Jessie was the same way. She didn’t feel right unless she got her hugs every day. 
Mom was talking again and Jessie tried to pay attention, but it was hard. She just felt so warm and kind of …float-y, if that was a word.
“It’s gonna get worse, honey, and you might find out that people you trust can betray you. But I’m here and I can help. You just have to call.”
“On what, the Ghostbusters phone? You’re dead. It’s nice that you’re here, but I’m only dreaming.”
“Remember what I said,” Dream-Mom told her. “Wake up now and talk to this man. He’s not as bad as you think and he can help.”
Her caressing hand left Jessie’s hair and Jessie could have cried from the loss of warmth. 
“Mom?” She opened her eyes and stared into Sergeant Bennett’s grave gaze as he leaned over her. Jessie sat up on the couch and looked around groggily.
“I’m ok, Mrs. Davis,” she said quickly, and used her hands to scrub away the tears that didn’t want to stop flowing. Silently, Bennett handed her the tissues from the end table and she rubbed her eyes. “Don’t get upset, too. It just…it just…”
“Oh, Jessie.” Mrs. Davis plumped down on the couch next to her and hugged her close. Mrs. Davis needed lots of hugs and touching, too. Jessie squeezed her gently. “I think we need to talk to this man. Maybe we do know something that will help.”
But it turned out that they had nothing much to add to the investigation after all, besides the things that Jessie had already told him. Jessie knew Andy and had even dated him for a little while in high school, but she hadn’t been deeply involved with his life. He was a sweet, smart boy who liked to restore old cars, watch Star Trek, and play video games. Other than that, she didn’t really know anything about him. He hung out mostly with his girlfriend Angelique and her friends. Sergeant Bennett scribbled a little in his notebook, but Jessie figured he was faking it. Mostly, he nibbled at the cookie he’d been given, as Mrs. Davis was never happier than when feeding someone.
Evidently, he’d displayed sufficient regret to placate Mrs. Davis when Jessie had fainted. He was definitely in her good graces, to judge from the admiring little glances she kept throwing him. The big cookie was an indication she’d changed her mind about him, because she refused to get her ‘good cookies’ out for people she didn’t like. Mrs. Davis would never dream of not offering guests in her home something to drink along with a sweet snack, but you could tell who she really liked from the cookies they were offered.
The policemen had all gone home except one, who had been left behind to put away the things they had taken out. They’d found nothing, of course. Jessie wasn’t sure if it was standard procedure to clean things up after a search, but she kind of doubted it. The young policeman sure hadn’t seemed happy about having to do it. He’d shot a look at Bennett’s back that should have scorched the back of his jacket and then rearranged his expression when he saw Jessie watching him. Jessie had stared after him as he stomped up the stairs, but he never looked back. 
“Andy’s body was found in the Everglades by a biologist doing research. Whoever dumped it just got unlucky. It appears that he was dumped earlier that day, or he would never have been found. Alligators, you know. There’s not a whole lot left of him, but there’s enough to make identification. When the autopsy comes back, I expect to find his system full of meth.”
Jessie and Mrs. Davis winced simultaneously. Jessie supposed he was trying to be nice, but he wasn’t that good at it. She could have done without the visual. 
“Are you sure that you don’t know anything about the methamphetamines?” he asked her urgently. “Maybe some of your friends told you about it, or tried to sell you some? Take your time and think about it. This is important.”
He held up a hand when Mrs. Davis began to bristle. “I’m not accusing her, but there’s been a rash of people admitted into emergency rooms lately with overdoses. It’s mostly young people, and it’s all been from meth. We think there’s a new lab somewhere close, and I’m just trying to find out as much as I can.”
When the young cop stuck his head into the kitchen and told the Sergeant that he was done, Bennett looked happy to leave. Mrs. Davis had become decidedly cooler. Jessie went to let them out. She closed the door, but when the young cop began to chatter before it even shut, she lingered. She pressed her ear against the door, straining to hear. 
“You think they’re ever gonna solve these?” she heard him ask. “Because it sure don’t seem to me that you got much to go on.”
Bennett sighed heavily.
“You’re right about that, Corey, and I won’t be looking too hard for more. I think that these people got in the way of some crazy meth-head and he made an example of them. They were all using, even this girl’s mother. Maybe they thought that they could sell in some guy’s territory, I don’t know. Maybe they ripped him off. I don’t know what it was that got them killed, and I don’t much care.” 
Jessie trembled and burned with the force of her anger. His last remark floated faintly back to her as they walked down the sidewalk. 
“Nobody cares much about drug addicts, including me.” 
She stood in front of the door for a long time, fists clenched and teeth gritted.
***
Jessie hadn’t been sleeping well, and it all caught up with her late the next afternoon. She found herself daydreaming in class, her thoughts wandering away, and she nodded off during Biology 1, which was usually her favorite subject. When her eyes began to drift closed that night during some boring reality show Mrs. Davis was hooked on, she decided to just give up and go to bed. Who cared if it was only eight o’clock? If she was tired, she was tired. She barely got her clothes off and tumbled into the bed before she was asleep. Mrs. Davis came in later and turned off her lights, covering her with the sheet that lay tangled at the bottom of the bed, and Jessie mumbled her thanks, then pulled the pillow back over her head. 
The doorbell woke her. Jessie stumbled up and looked at the clock in the hallway. 12:30. She wrapped a robe around herself and stomped down the stairs, still groggy, holding tightly to the rail. Who was coming over at this time of night? If it was one of her friends, they were going to hear about it, because they sure didn’t need to wake Mrs. Davis up. She needed her rest.
She wrenched the door open without even looking through the peephole. If Mrs. Davis had been awake, she would have scolded her for sure. 
A man was standing in the entrance, and he smiled beguilingly at her. 
He was achingly beautiful, and Jessie stared at him with her mouth open.
He had silvery-blond hair; a color oft faked but which is always a pale imitation of the real thing. His eyes were a startling pale blue, the color of the sky on a cloudless day. He had a patrician nose and a high forehead, and his mouth was a lush, startling red against the pearl of his skin. His impeccably tailored suit fit closely against his perfect, lean form.
Jessie could smell the cologne that he had put on his skin, and it smelled divine. Then, as she took a deep breath, trying to draw in that gorgeous scent, she frowned. There seemed a nasty undertone to this cologne, as if it covered something vile…something rotten. She shook her head. This gorgeous man couldn’t be the source of that horrible scent. The garbage can lid must have slipped off again; she’d check it in the morning. 
He extended a hand toward Jessie, who took it automatically. His hand was cool, almost cold, and she dropped it with a shudder she couldn’t quite disguise. 
“Hi,” he said, smiling a toothy grin. “I’m doing a follow-up investigation into your mother’s death. I’d like to come in and ask you a few questions, if I may.”
He had a hint of an accent, something Jessie couldn’t quite identify. It made his words sound almost like a song, or spoken poetry. She clutched her robe, feeling a weird impulse to shut her eyes and just listen to him speak in that hypnotic voice, but her hand burned where it had touched his and it distracted her. Jessie rubbed it absently against the smooth material of her nightclothes. His eyes followed the movement, and she felt strangely uneasy.
“It’s late. Mrs. Davis is asleep and so was I. You need to come back in the daytime.”
She saw a flash of something, only a flash, on his face. He dropped the cheery, pleasant smile and betrayed his fury for a split second with a ghastly expression of anger so deep that Jessie fell back behind the door, using it for a shield. Then he was smiling again, so pleasantly, so hypnotically. He glanced at the gold watch on his arm and Jessie followed the movement with her eyes.
“Nice watch,” she said in a slow voice. She felt foggy, as if she could go back to sleep standing up in the doorway. “Rolex, right? How can you afford that?” 
His eyes burned into hers, and Jessie trembled.
“That’s a rude question, Jessie, but I forgive you. It’s late and you must be tired. I didn’t realize what time it was until just now. You can’t imagine how many hours a week I work; the time just got away from me. I have so much to do. If you invited me in, I could just ask you those few questions now. This won’t take long at all.”
She was tempted to do just that. He seemed so nice, even though she’d made that crack about the Rolex. If it would only take a few minutes…her thoughts trailed off and she stared at him silently. He was so handsome…
He leaned forward. “Please, Jessie,” he said in a soft, intimate voice. “I’m a very busy person and I have so much to do. This would help me out so much.”
She opened her mouth to tell him yes. 
“Don’t do it, baby! No, he ain’t what he seems, you got to tell him no, right now! Say no!”
Jessie staggered from the force of the voice in her head. “No,” she said softly, putting a hand to her head and wincing. “It’s too late, come back during the day.” 
She started to swing the door shut, but he put a hand out and held it. Jessie felt cold fear touch her as she met his glittering eyes. The rage was back, and this time it stayed on his face. She nearly choked at the force of it battering against her.
“No!” she said more strongly. “Get away from here, right now. Let go of the door.”
“I’ll be back later, then.” He smiled and dropped his hand, and Jessie didn’t think him handsome anymore. His eyes were too crazy, and his smile was more of a snarl.  
“I’ll see you soon, Jessie.”
Jessie slammed the door shut, then stood with her back against it, trembling. She turned and locked it quickly, then fall back against it again, her heart pounding. She could have sworn that she heard a low chuckle right outside, but she was too afraid to put her eye to the peephole to see if he was still there.
“I’m going crazy,” she said aloud in a shaky voice. “Crazy. I’m hearing my dead mother talking in my head now instead of just seeing her in dreams. He was just doing his job. He worked a long day, that was all. He didn’t know what time it was, and lots of people have nice watches. It doesn’t mean he wasn’t really a policeman. And…and so what if there wasn’t a car parked in front of the house! He probably took the bus…” Her voice trailed off, and the fog in her brain began to clear. 
“Wearing a Rolex. Three hours after the buses stop running. He wasn’t a cop,” she said strongly. It sounded crazy, but something inside her knew it was true. “He was…he was something else. Something dangerous, and he knows where I live.” Jessie shook all over. She grabbed the hair around her temples and pulled fiercely. “I won’t think about it now. I…I’ll talk to somebody about it tomorrow. Stop thinking about it!”
 She closed her eyes and focused on breathing, in and out, in and out, slowly, until she felt calmer. After her pulse returned to normal, she walked back up the stairs and climbed into bed, shivering. It took her hours to go back to sleep, and her dreams were peopled with beautiful men who turned into monsters with glowing red eyes.
***
He was enraged as he stalked down the sidewalk. It should have been a rapid and certain revenge, but it hadn’t been. The girl had escaped. How had she resisted him? He had turned the full force of his powers on her, and she had been giving in. Something had come between them. Something had formed a wall between him and his prey and had forced him to leave. 
He would have his reprisal. He would take it slowly, and it would be delicious. He had to remember to pull back and take stock, perhaps come back with reinforcements, even though all his instincts had told him to attack her now, take her now, kill the threat now.
He hadn’t expected what had happened, but he would find out about this presence and he would obliterate it. Then the girl would suffer more because he’d had to wait. He didn’t like waiting…
He walked through the streets, anger whipping, and his belly filling with a crude appetite. His senses were heightened to their peak, and he could smell the blood of the creatures in their houses and their cars. His nostrils flared, and it was all he could do not to rip open the metal monstrosities and pull out the passengers. Only the thought that there were safer ways of sating his hunger kept him from killing everyone who came close to him. 
He found the prey he had sensed lying asleep in an alley. He clutched a liquor bottle tightly by his side, even in his sleep. Dian smiled as he looked down on the filthy man. He would be doing the world a favor by ridding it of such trash. He wouldn’t be missed, and that was what he needed right now. Someone who had no one to care whether he lived or died. 
He nudged the drunk awake with one immaculate shoe, being careful not to dirty it in the garbage that lay all around him. He smiled when the bum half opened his eyes. 
“Wa’ you want, man?” he asked belligerently. “I’m just tryin’ to sleep here. I ain’t hurtin; nobody.”
“I’m not a man,” Dian said, and he was on him before the man could make another sound, severing his windpipe with his sharp fangs. Rich, warm blood flooded into his mouth and the man quivered and gurgled in his grasp. Dian held him securely until he stopped wriggling and sucked at every drop of the blood, lapped up every bit of the wine-tainted ambrosia. Sometimes when you had glutted many times on the finest of vintages, you hungered for a lesser wine, something a little more common. He threw the remains to one side when he was done, behind a garbage can, after biting the body in several more places. Perhaps that would lead the foolish police to believe that a pack of dogs had done it. 
In seconds, Dian Carman was out on the sidewalk and looking for his next victim.
“Hey, there,” a shadow said. She came away from the wall and turned into the figure of a young woman. “Like a little company?”
“Perhaps,” he said smoothly, his eyes coming up to meet hers. She gasped and drew back, and he smiled slowly at her fear. Her luscious, luscious fear.
She was hardly his type, but what the hell, he was slumming tonight. His eyes flicked over her, considering. Her skimpy outfit served a dual purpose; it made for easy access for her customers, which was important since her office was the alley or the back of a car, and it showed off her wares. She was heavy of hip and breast, but her features weren’t bad and she was clean, which was more than could be said for the one he’d just left.
“Hey,” she said nervously. “I think I changed my mind.” She cringed when he reached out a long finger and ran the nail slowly, slowly down the bare skin of her arm, drawing blood. “Why don’t you go down the street and find somebody else, mister?”
“So warm,” he murmured as he licked her essence off his fingernail. “I think that you will do, my dear. You will do nicely.” 
He dragged her into the shadows of the alley, laughing the whole time, and the young prostitute never made a sound louder than a whimper.
He touched her with his mind and forced her to his will, and it was so easy to do. She struggled briefly in the invisible bonds he placed on her, but he quickly overpowered her. He felt a moment’s regret at the ease of it; it was so much more fun it was difficult, if they had an intricate, perplexing structure to their minds. She slowly took a step toward him, and even more slowly reached out to touch him. Her hand slid over his face and inside his shirt to caress his chest. He held very still, only turning his head to nip at her palm, sucking briefly on the blood, throwing back his head at the ecstasy of it. It had been a long time since he had mixed sex with blood, and he had forgotten the thrill of it.
She edged closer, and then found herself pulled into an embrace, kissed in a way that sent blood rushing hot to every extremity. Somewhere inside herself she knew and was horrified at what was happening, but she had no control. The hunger shuddered inside her with every throbbing beat of her heart. She kissed him back with desperation, feeling his fangs nick her but not caring, and her mouth filled with blood. He sucked it from her warm mouth frantically, sensuously. She existed only for this, only to please him, as he sucked the life from her body.
He was everything that she had ever wanted, sleek and agile, his flesh searing her with its cold burn, her body sensitized beyond belief. She had been destined for this moment; it was the only reason she had even been born, merely to serve his body. She drifted on a wave of sensation so intense that she felt she couldn’t bear it, and she lost all thought except of him.
In a brief moment of sanity, she realized that she was deep in carnal pleasure with something that was not quite human and she was moving desperately toward a fulfillment that was sure to mean her death. She tried to struggle, but he entangled both her body and her mind, and she couldn’t break his hold.
Then all thought was gone. She burned and yet felt cold from the center of her being to the ends of her fingertips. She felt ablaze with cold fire from the inside out, thought that she would go up in flames at any second. He suckled ferociously at her smooth neck as he held her dying body, licking the last few drops of blood from his lips. He giggled as her head flopped grotesquely to one side. When he was sure that she was gone, he carefully lay her down on the ground. Who knew that the grubby little whore would be so hot? If he had known, he would have kept her to play with for a while. 
Of course, it was too late now.
He laughed, feeling powerful and euphoric. He was glutted and glowing with the blood of the victims he had claimed, and he knelt to stroke the girl’s brown hair tenderly as she stared vacantly toward the sky. 
“I wonder what your name was?”
He laughed again as he left her lying there in the alley. They all had names, he was sure, but who could keep track of them? He headed briskly for home, for he needed sleep. 

Chapter Five
In the morning, everything felt different to Jessie. Her fears from the night before seemed silly; he was just an overworked civil servant, not a monster. He’d probably parked his car a block away or something, then walked up. She’d imagined the rage she had seen on his face. She did have a big imagination, after all. 
Still, she felt threatened enough that she needed to talk to someone, so she cornered Shannon after her first class and told her what had happened. She was stunned when Shannon paled and swayed. She leaned her head into Jessie, first looking around to see if anyone watched.
“I’ve got to tell you something. Ditch your next class and come to the library so we can talk.”
When they huddled at a table and Jessie heard what she had to say, she felt as if she were still in one of her dreams from the night before. 
“Listen, no matter what time this man comes, don’t let him in. He’s not a policeman, he’s something else. His name is Dian Carman.”
“How do you know that?” Jessie asked. 
“I just …I just do,” Shannon said. “I found some stuff out. I know you’re not going to believe me and I swore I wouldn’t tell you, but I want you to hear this. Your Mom and Andy and Kira, they were all killed the same way, right?”
“They were all mutilated, and they all tested positive for meth. You think the guy who came to the house last night had something to do with it? Is he a dealer?” She leaned forward and grabbed Shannon’s wrist, hard. “What did you find out, Shannon? I know that you were going to talk to some people, what did they say?”
“No,” Shannon hissed. “It’s not because of drugs. And they weren’t mutilated. They were missing a lot of blood. They were slashed to increase the flow of blood from their bodies. They’re being used in blood rites.”
“What are you talking about?” Jessie felt her stomach roil, and her voice rose. “You mean people are going around committing murders because they want to pretend they’re vampires?”
“Shhh! Keep your voice down. Some of them aren’t pretending, Jessie. Some of them are for real.”
Jessie stared at her for a long moment without saying anything. Shannon was the color of milk and her hands were shaking badly. She didn’t want to hurt Shannon or make her feel stupid. Obviously, she believed this, and Jessie just couldn’t think of anything to say. She cleared her throat and opted for the bald truth.
“You’ve got to be kidding, Shannon. Are you saying that this guy, this Dian Carman, is a real vampire? That’s the most ridiculous thing I’ve ever heard. It’s not that I don’t believe in some supernatural things, but I don’t believe in undead that drink blood. All the stress is getting to you, and they have you buying into their sick fantasy. Come on, the man wasn’t even wearing a cape.”
“You’re not funny and I’m not kidding. I did some research on this guy, and guess what? He’s never had a phone. He’s never had an address, paid taxes, or held a job. He doesn’t have a social security card, he doesn’t own a car. He doesn’t exist.”
“So he’s some wacko.” Jessie was uncomfortable with the light in Shannon’s eyes. “He’s just some weird psycho with a blood fetish. He changed his name and he found some other wackos to join him, and they started killing people because they are crazy, Shannon. He’s not a vampire.”
Shannon grabbed Jessie’s arm with surprising strength and her eyes flashed with temper. 
“No! Listen to me. He’s got a funny, singsong way of talking, and I knew I’d heard it before.”
“Yeah, I heard that, too.”
“I thought and thought about it, and then I remembered. We had an Irish neighbor when I was little, and he talked just like that. I did another search, and this time I came up with something. There was an evil witch woman in Ireland a long time ago, and she had three sons. One of them was called Dian. They tried to bring Ireland to its knees, and they failed. The sons were forced to leave Ireland, and the witch died. Her sons didn’t though, or at least one of them. He’s here, and he’s killing people. It’s what he loves.”
Jessie looked at her friend in horror. “You can’t be serious.” Jessie felt cold right down to her bones. “Shannon, you need to talk to somebody about this. You’re delusional. That’s just an Irish folktale.”
Shannon shook her arm, and Jessie felt dizzy. The room began to spin. Horrified, she realized that she was hallucinating; she began to see beneath Shannon’s skin. She could see the veins and the arteries that snaked through the arm that touched her, and Jessie looked up slowly, until her eyes focused on Shannon’s chest. She could see the heart beating there, thump-thump, thump-thump, and she could se all the way inside, to the chambers of the heart. Jessie recoiled when she saw what lay there and when Shannon shook her again, furiously, Jessie closed her eyes. When she opened them, she was relieved to find that she could no longer see beneath her friend’s skin.
“What’s wrong with you?” Shannon hissed. “You’re not taking this seriously, and you should. He’s not a joke, and he’s not crazy. He’s a vampire, a horrible monster. He’s a murderer who preys on his own kind, and he must be stopped. There’s someone else you need to know about, too. His name is Dan Jackson, and he works at a hotel down on the beach. It’s called the Beach Bum. He’s the one that invited Kira to that party, and Andy was really friendly with him right before he died.”
Shannon leaned forward and hugged Jessie fiercely, not seeming to notice that Jessie was stiff in her arms and did her best to hold herself away from Shannon’s body. 
“I’ve got to go, but be careful, ok?”
Jessie stared after Shannon as she walked away with her dark hair bouncing and her lush hips swaying. Everything seemed so normal, but Jessie felt caught in a nightmare she couldn’t wake from. 
Shannon had never been this …whatever she was, before. She’d always been one of the most even-tempered people Jessie had ever known. She was slow to anger, but when Jessie argued with her this time, she’d actually thought for a moment that Shannon was going to hit her. Jessie refused to believe that the hallucination she’d had about the thing she saw inside Shannon’s heart had anything to do with the change in temperament. It had been a delusion, caused by stress and lack of sleep. It hadn’t been real.
Because she couldn’t see through people’s skins, and there couldn’t be a worm living in Shannon’s heart – a worm as coal black as midnight. 
Jessie put her head on the table for a moment, closing her eyes. Deaths and mutilation and vampires and blood rites. Just a few months ago, the only thing on her mind was how to get to the beach party on Friday night. Now look at her. 
She picked up her head. While she was here, she might as well check out the books on vampires. She’d check out this witch and her sons while she was at it.
Her first stop was the research desk; those people were good. 
“I need anything you have on the folklore about the Irish witch Carman and her three sons, and if you find any references to them and vampirism together, that would be perfect,” she mumbled, feeling silly. The librarian never raised a hair or an eyebrow, and some time later, she brought Jessie a pile of books and magazines. Jessie sat poring over the titles. She looked at the book on Carman first. It was standard myth stuff: Carman was a witch, she was bad, blah blah. The Irish Fairies killed her and drove her sons – Dob, Dother, and Dian – across the sea. Jessie sighed and moved on to the next book. So the crazy man had the same name as one of Carman’s sons. Big Deal.
The librarian from the reference desk came over and cleared her throat to get Jessie’s attention. “I don’t know if this is relevant to your search or not, but I thought I’d bring it to you anyway. It was written by an investigative reporter in New Orleans.”
She handed Jessie a magazine and pointed out the article. Jessie thanked her absently, already absorbed in the material. There had been a rash of deaths in a poor neighborhood in New Orleans in the early 90’s, and the police classified them as casualties of a drug war. A reporter named David Brasseaux became convinced that all the murders were connected to a cult. One passage in particular from the article made Jessie’s blood run cold. 
The Black Mass is still with us, and I have come across a form that promotes evil and evil behavior. I am not speaking of Wicca, for their beliefs are very different from this sect. From my research, I believe their roots come from a ‘religion’ that is hundreds of years old, perhaps even older, though their beliefs have evolved over time. They take drugs during their ceremonies, and they are directly involved in the selling of them. 
There are active groups in at least five countries, possibly more. They are here in New Orleans, with branches in London, Paris, New York, and other, less prominent places. They have secret signs, symbols, and meeting places, and they practice strict secrecy of the identity of their members. I infiltrated one of their meetings and saw some of the symbols that they use. I drew them later from memory. An art historian identified them for me as Celtic in origin. 
What is even more disturbing to me than their link to the drug trade is the drinking of what I am told is human blood during their ceremonies. One member told me that the blood is always better when drawn from an unwilling subject, and he hinted that people were killed for their blood. A mysterious man named ‘Dother’ – the Irish word for evil - was indicated to me as the leader of the New Orleans group. I never got close to him, but even from a distance the man frightened me. 
Jessie felt cold wave down her spine, and the hair on the back of her neck stood up. Another name from Irish folklore. Dother was another of Carman’s sons. She slammed the book shut with a bang that echoed through the quiet of the library, earning her a glare from the woman at the next table. Jessie ignored her, instead hurrying over to the research desk to return the books and thank the woman who’d helped her. 
She was going to make Shannon go with her to the Beach Bum after her next class. If she thought this Dan Jackson person was so important, maybe she should check him out. Whatever was happening here, it was just too scary to go through alone.
Shannon agreed to go, but she acted weird the whole time. She fidgeted in the car, and she kept looking behind them. Jessie finally yelled at her because she was making her so nervous, and Shannon had another of those flashes of temper that had so frightened her before. Shannon’s lips actually drew away from her teeth as she glared at Jessie, making her looking so predatory and out of control that Jessie felt pure fright. Then Shannon’s expression changed and she apologized, telling Jessie that she was just exhausted and scared by all of this. Since Jessie knew exactly how she felt, she forgave her. Who could help acting strange with all this stuff going on?
They told the manager of the hotel, a greasy little man who reminded Jessie of a weasel, that they were looking for Dan to tell him that a friend of his had been killed. They didn’t know him personally, but their friend had spoken of Dan a lot, and they felt that he should know. 
“Dan quit two weeks ago. I don’t know where the little bastard is, and I don’t care. I’ve got his old address if you want…if you’ll tell the jackass that I’m keeping his last check to pay for the uniforms he still has. He left me so shorthanded that I had to cover two of his shifts plus my own.”
He pointed to a picture hanging on the wall with a plaque underneath that said Employee of the Month. The face in the picture was innocent and ingenuous, with freckles smeared all over his features and an endearing little grin that just made you want to squeeze him. He looked like somebody that Jessie knew, but she couldn’t place who it was. When she said as much, the manager laughed shortly.
“That’s what made him so good around here,” the manager said. “He looks like somebody everybody knows. He was great at first. I thought I’d hit the jackpot. He showed up on time, all the customers liked him, and he did a good job. I always expected to lose him eventually but I thought it would be to some bigger place that could pay him more money. I thought he’d do the right thing and give notice at least, not leave me in the lurch.”
He swatted the paper he held in his hands at the desk, irritably. “Turns out he was just like all the other jerks around here.”
Shannon refused to have anything else to do with any more investigating. She told Jessie that whatever else she wanted to do, she could do it on her own. Jessie decided to wait until tomorrow to go by Dan Jackson’s home, because Mrs. Davis would worry if she were too late coming home. 
Jessie had already dropped Shannon off when she realized why Dan Jackson looked so familiar. He reminded her of the kid on that show from the 80’s, the guy that later went on to direct all kinds of movies. Happy Days, that was the name of it. He looked like Ron Howard when he played on Happy Days. 
***
Heather Baker liked to sit in her backyard after dark; it was so peaceful then. She liked the patterns that the moonlight made on her lawn furniture, and she liked the quiet of the night.
“I hate the city during the day,” she often told her husband. “If I couldn’t sit outside at night and listen to the silence, I’d have moved to the country long ago. It’s the time when magic is possible.”
Stan was used to her eccentricities and only nodded. Sometimes he stayed awake with her, but not tonight. He’d fallen asleep on the couch watching TV, and she’d woken him with a nudge. He’d stumbled off to bed and she’d come outside to watch the night once more.
The light was suddenly dimmed by a black wisp of cloud that floated across the moon. Heather looked up, frowning, and realized that someone else was in the yard with her. She could dimly see his outline against the orange tree. Her heart jumped in her chest, then for some unknown reason she felt peace wash through her. She wasn’t afraid any longer; she was enchanted.
She stood up, drifted over to the dim figure, and smiled when she got closer. It was a man, and the most gorgeous person she had ever seen. She put out a hand to touch the smooth, cool silk of his shirt, rubbing her palm against the firm muscle of his chest. She didn’t wonder why he was here in her back yard because she already knew: He was the magic in the night that she had always waited for.
“Hello,” she said softly.
Without a word spoken between them, he began to kiss her – fiercely, violently, bending her body back while he held her wrists pinioned behind her. She was helpless to resist him, but Heather had no thought of trying to escape. She was caught in the web of his dark sorcery and she liked the things that he was doing to her. He forced her down to the ground.
Like a sleepwalker, she lay there, reveling in the feel of him against her skin. She felt drugged, somehow, the moonlight shining so brightly into her eyes that she was forced to close them. The heavy scent of the orange blossoms cascaded over her, making her head swim. 
Even when he nicked her with his teeth and she felt him sucking at the blood in her mouth, she was excited instead of revolted. It was a violation, but one that she longed for desperately. She wanted him to do it, oh yes, and she clutched the grass with both hands and strained against him, presenting her neck for his pleasure.
His lips were cold against her skin, and Heather felt a moment of confusion. He was cold, cold against her, why would he be cold? Stan was always warm, so warm that they never needed more than a sheet to cover them in bed even on the chilliest of nights.
Stan. 
Why was she doing this? She loved her husband and she would never betray him. She didn’t even know this man’s name. 
Why was he cold?
She forgot her confusion when he pinned her arms above her head and kissed the little hollow in her neck where a pulse beat quickly. He seemed to like that spot the best, returning to it again and again, and Heather writhed sensuously against him as she felt him begin to suckle there. She let her mind and body waft away on the mysterious, primitive tide of feelings he provoked in her. He could do anything he wanted, anything at all…
It began to hurt a little, that suckling, and so she tossed her head restlessly. He pressed her neck more firmly to his mouth, and Heather felt herself crest the top of a wave until she was crying out with the pain and the glory of it. She felt a gush of warmth flood down her neck, and her life slipped away while Dian Carman lay atop her.
He left her lying there sprawled underneath the orange tree, in the peace of the night that she had always liked the best.
***

“I did what you wanted,” the rat-faced hotel manager whined. 
Leaning back in the hotel manger’s own chair and keeping him standing in front of him like a penitent, Dian fingered the gold medallion that hung around his neck and stared at the man. Hard to believe that this piece of offal ran a hotel, and quite efficiently, to hear Dan tell it. He had been instrumental in the distribution of their little product. Of course, most of that had to do with Dan, who so reassured the customers with his nice, normal face. It couldn’t be bad for you if this pleasant, wholesome young man took it, could it? Of course not.
It amused Dian to keep the man so sweaty and off-balance, so scared, though he could not have said why. The man would have a heart attack if he knew what kind of danger he was in right now, Dian thought idly. I could rip off his head and drink from it as if it were a goblet. I could crush his bones and drink their jelly. One day when I don’t need him anymore, perhaps I will. He smiled coldly, and the man backed off with a cry. Dian laughed.
“Well done,” he said slowly, and laughed again when the man gave an audible sigh of relief. “Did you have official visitors?”
“Some cop came by. His grandma called to bitch me out, and a couple of young girls came by, too. Wanted to know did Dan work here, did I know anything about his social life, where he hung out, stuff like that. I gave everyone a little trickle of information, because I figured they’d get suspicious if I didn’t tell them something.”
Dian leaned forward and raised one eyebrow slowly. The man quailed.
“Tell me about the girls.”
“One was blonde, and she had some nervous Cuban chick with her.”
Dian steepled his fingers and brought them to his face. He stared intently over the top of them and pursed his lips. “Did either of these ‘chicks’ have a name?”
The skinny man raised a trembling hand to his mouth and wiped away the sweat that beaded above it. 
“Shannon, I think I heard the blonde call the Cuban chick. Yeah, Shannon, that was it.”
Dian leaned back in the chair once again. “Shannon.” He smiled, and the greasy little man winced. “Shannon.”
***

Shannon edged around the corner of the house, trying to control her panting. She had been sound asleep in her bed when something had woken her. Something had been in her room, something that had frightened her, so she’d snuck out, going right out the window into the night.
She couldn’t think straight lately, everything was fuzzy all the time. The only time she felt right was when she took the drugs, but they wore off quickly now, and she was taking more and more of them. Now, they didn’t seem to be helping her at all. She didn’t feel the way she’d felt in the beginning, god-like and all-powerful; she just felt scared and out of control. Maybe she shouldn’t have left the house, maybe she should have stayed there. 
Whatever had been in the house was chasing her now, she could feel it. She couldn’t see it or hear it, but she knew. He had sent something after her.
If anyone were close, they would hear her harsh breathing, so she must be quiet. She crept silently between the houses, and then stood against the side of one, bracing her back against the wall. She let her eyes adjust to the darkness. There was something glowing on the wall across from her and she strained to see it.
Eyes.
Two pairs of eyes.
She gave a harsh cry of despair as Dian Carman stepped out of the shadows and Dan came right behind him. Then the cry turned into a bloodcurdling scream as Dian smiled crookedly at her, his fangs prominent. 
With a roar, he was upon her. he ripped his fangs into her breast, stabbing her, slashing her, draining her dry…and Shannon didn’t lose consciousness until the very end. She died in agony, and somewhere in the back of her dying mind, she thought that maybe it was what she deserved. 
When he finished with her, she looked like a broken doll that some child had dashed repeatedly against the wall. Her head was torn half off her body, and one of her legs was behind her neck, but there was no blood spill. There was none left to spill.
There was no time to retrieve the body, because lights were going on everywhere and heads were popping out of doors and windows. Dian took off, and Dan booked right behind him.
Dan wondered shakily if he would ever forget her screams at the end. The people at the house, they were stoned when they died, and he’d always made sure that they had a lot of the stuff, not to lessen their pain, but to lessen his work. It had blunted some of their pain, even if that hadn’t been his intention. He knew that Shannon was high; he could read the signs because he’d been around her high so many, many times, but her pain hadn’t been decreased. Just the opposite, in fact. It had seemed to intensify it.
Her cries had echoed down the alley like the haunted shrieking of the damned.
***
Jessie didn’t see Shannon at any of her classes the next day, so she decided to go to Dan Jackson’s apartment alone, cursing her friend. Shannon had just deserted her and left her to do this stuff alone. She was going to hear about this later. But maybe she didn’t want Shannon with her anyway; she’d been acting so strangely and the vision or whatever that she’d had of a worm in Shannon’s heart had really freaked her out. It made her feel sick even to touch her friend now, and she was definitely on the edge of some kind of breakdown. Maybe she’d talk to Shannon’s mom about it tomorrow. 
For a twenty, the manager of the building where Dan Jackson and his grandmother lived told Jessie that Dan hadn’t been home in a week. He knew because the old lady had told him so, bitching up a storm about that worthless grandson of hers. For another twenty, he told Jessie that the old woman had just left to do her weekly grocery shopping and wouldn’t be back for an hour, at least. She did it at the same time every week, and she was too cheap to spring for a taxi or a bus, so she walked home and pushed a cart. 
“See all those abandoned carts in the parking lot? That’s because of her. Seems like she could take one back once in a while, but she never does. When there get to be too many of them, I call the grocery store and they send somebody down to collect ‘em.”
For yet more money, he unlocked the apartment door and let her go inside. Jessie got the distinct feeling that for another twenty, he would hold the old woman down while she hacked off her head with a pocketknife. Jessie shuddered at the thought and decided to hurry. Maybe Dan had paid him twenty to call him if she showed up, or maybe he wasn’t gone at all. Maybe he was waiting for her with his freak friend Dian, inside one of these rooms. 
But her fears were ungrounded. Nobody was inside the apartment. Jessie walked down the hallway and glanced over at what she assumed was the old woman’s bedroom. The narrow bed was covered with a frayed blanket that had once been white, but was not yellowed with age. She saw a Bible open in the center of it. 
Everything in the apartment was old, falling apart and decrepit, and not the kind of old that comforts you, the kind of comfort you feel in using things you’ve owned for years. No one loved the things in these rooms. They merely used them until they were well past using and then tossed them away. There was no comfort here, only the kind to be found in that Bible, and Jessie would bet money that the old woman read strictly from the Old Testament, the kind of stories where a vengeful God was just as likely to smite you down as lift you up. 
She walked past a bathroom so small that you could sit on the toilet and put one foot in the tub and the other in the sink without stretching. She could hear water dripping behind the torn shower curtain.
Jessie opened the door to the only other bedroom. It, too, was as barren as a monk’s cell. A single window, too small for even a child to crawl through, filtered light through a ragged shade. There was a single bed, a rickety bedside table, and a battered chest of drawers. A plank of wood propped up on concrete blocks housed a small collection of paperbacks, mostly battered sci-fi titles. 
The room held nothing else. There was nothing under the bed, nothing but clothing in the chest. Jessie plopped heavily down onto the sagging mattress, feeling a spring poke her as she did. She couldn’t imagine spending her life in this room. She struggled to kill the sudden compassion that rose in her chest, and she let her eyes sweep the room. What could she tell about Dan from this room? Something in here should speak to her, shouldn’t it?
What was a killer’s room supposed to look like?
She stared at the blank walls and the old furniture with dead eyes, disappointment tasting awful in her mouth. There was nothing here but the kind of poverty that ate your soul and filled you with rage. What the hell did she think she was doing? There was no way that she was going to figure this out on her own, she should just leave it to the cops. 
They didn’t care about Kira and her Mom and Andy the way that she did. She had heard that Bennett guy talking to the other cop. They weren’t going to look for the killer. Her friends and family had been butchered, and nobody cared except her.
Jessie’s fists clenched on the tattered bedspread. It wasn’t fair! Someone should care, someone should find the one responsible for these horrible deeds, and they should be punished. It shouldn’t matter about the drugs. They were dead when they shouldn’t be, and they had been murdered. 
Her mother’s words resonated so clearly in Jessie’s mind that she could almost see her face in front of her, the cynical little smirk twisting her mobile face, one eyebrow rising the way it always did when she was agitated. She could almost hear the accent bleeding into her mother’s voice. Come to think of it, she could definitely hear that cotton-pickin’ twang her mother got when she was upset. Jessie smiled.
“You know why people are mean, don’t you, Jess?”
“Because they can be, Mom,” Jessie whispered. “Because they can be.”
“That’s right, baby,” Mind-Mom said. “That’s the truth. Power is an aphrodisiac to some. The more you get, the more you want, and an easy way to get it is to make up unreasonable rules and enforce them on people who don’t have any power. That’s what happened to Dan, and people are gonna do it to you, kiddo. Some of those people are drawn to jobs where they can have power over the powerless. Teachers. Security Guards. Cops. I know some would say that I’m being paranoid, that this is a bad thing to say to my child, but it’s the truth, girl, and we’ve all known some of those people. Tell me, don’t you know some of them right now? They got crappy lives, so they makes themselves feel better by stomping all over you. Maybe some of them don’t even know why they do it, but you do, and knowledge is power. Do what they say when you have to, and think what you want. One day not so long from now, you’ll have power of your own.”
“I wish it was now, Mom,” Jessie said, and roughly whisked away a useless tear that leaked unbidden from her eye. “I wish I had power right now.”
As she said the words, her fingers tingled as if she had suddenly stuck them in a light socket. Jessie yelped with the sudden pain, and the springs of the bed squeaked as she moved. She scrubbed her fingers against the coarse cover and the pain diminished. Her fingers didn’t hurt as much when she slid her hand toward the pillow, but the further her hand got from the top of the bed, the more they pained her. Jessie patted around the neatly tucked blanket, and when she dug underneath the nearly flat pillow and her hand closed around something that crackled, the tingle went away as if it had never been.
Jessie stared down at the paper-wrapped package she pulled out, dumbfounded.
“This is some big spooky shit, baby,” Mind-Mom said, and the accent wasn’t bleeding in now, her voice was all slow, Southern sugar. “Voodoo shit. You need to get outta here. Right now, hear me? Something’s wrong, leave now, I mean it!”
“I hear you,” Jessie whispered. “I’m gone right now.”
She stuffed the thin package in her pocket and got the hell gone, just like her dead mother told her to. 
Chapter Six
Jessie cupped her hands around the mug of hot chocolate, savoring the warmth. The waitress at the small café she’d darted into had given her a funny look, but she’d waited courteously enough on the sweating, panting, black-clad girl. 
Jessie had been running like the devil himself was chasing her, but the exercise hadn’t warmed her. She was still cold; cold way down inside, and the hot chocolate probably wasn’t going to help. But it wasn’t going to hurt, either, and there was something about the sugared drink that made her feel better. 
For long minutes, she had ignored the package currently burning a hole in her pocket but now she pulled it out and stared at it. She carefully spread the brown paper apart. On top was a printout of a couple of emails. Jessie read it over and over again, disbelieving what she saw. 
from:
 Dan Jackson, domain administrator danzel1@partytonight.com 
to:
 Shannon <sugarcookies@gmail.com>
date:
 Mon, May 12, 2012 at 4:07 PM
subject:
 revised
The party time has changed. Be there at ten o’clock tonight. He has asked for you. Wear that sexy leather thing you had on the other night, ok?
Dan

from:
Shannon <sugarcookies@gmail.com>  
to:
 Dan Jackson, domain administrator danzel1@partytonight.com
date:
 Mon, May 12, 2012 at 4:10 PM
subject:
 Re: revised
I’ll be there. Can’t wait. 
S

It couldn’t be true. Jessie began to shake. It was Shannon. Shannon was helping them. That’s why she had been acting so weird, and why she hadn’t wanted to help Jessie find Kira’s killer.
She was one of the killers.
Jessie put a trembling hand to her mouth and felt the tears run down her face. Shannon. Oh, god, Shannon. What had she gotten into? Was she high on meth when she did it? Had she helped kill her mother, or had she joined up with them later?
Maybe she was trying to get away from them and that was why she’d given Jessie the information about Dian Carman and Dan Jackson. Or was she trying to lure her into a trap? Maybe…
I can’t think about this right now, she thought. I can’t, or I’ll fall apart and then nothing will get done. I want them to pay, all of them to pay. Tomorrow. I’ll think about it tomorrow. 
She pulled a wad of napkins out of the holder, wiped her eyes, and set the email to one side. 
Why had Dan printed out the email? It didn’t do anything except link him to Shannon, and it incriminated neither of them. All it talked about was a party, and if someone didn’t know what was going on, they’d just think it was an email to his girlfriend.
Was it? Ewwwww. She hoped not.
The answer came to her with the swiftness of a lightning strike. It was for leverage. Shannon was trying to get away from them, and this was to pull her into line. All he had to do was say, ‘Hey, Shannon, if I get caught, you’re going down, too. Look, I’ve got an email from you right here where you said you were coming to a party.’
“On Monday,” Jessie said aloud, and felt the hot chocolate coming back up. She closed her eyes and breathed deeply and it stayed down, but it was a close thing.  
Andy’s body had been found on a Tuesday. Shannon had helped killed Andy Mossiman. 
She spread apart the paper wrapping with shaking hands and pulled out two receipts. Both were from The Silver Unicorn. Jessie wrinkled her nose. The Silver Unicorn was a smoke shop down on the beach, the kind that sold drug paraphernalia. It was rumored to sell more than paraphernalia, too. A kid in her Biology class bragged to everyone who would listen that he bought his drugs from the hot chick that worked there, and that she was going to take him to some special party or something. Then he’d dropped out, and she’d been relieved because she never had to hear any more of his boring lies about all the girls he’d banged, was going to bang, or continued to bang.
God, he was probably dead. That poor, stupid, boastful boy was probably dead, just like Kira and Andy.
And Shannon had helped to kill him.
Underneath the receipts were a picture of a falling-down old house that looked familiar to Jessie and a piece of black fabric. She picked up the cloth and felt suddenly sick. It was stiff with some dried substance. Jessie didn’t have to bring it to her nose to tell what it was, but she did it anyway, just to be sure. It reeked of blood.
Jessie fought off the dizziness she felt. This was a trophy. This piece of fabric…someone had been wearing it when they were killed. It was cut from the body of some innocent victim during one of their blood rituals. Who had they cut it from? Andy? Kira? That poor, stupid boy from her Biology class?
Her Mom? 
Jessie dropped it on the table and pressed a hand to her eyes. She didn’t know how she knew these things, only that she did. How did she find the package? She’d just understood somehow that she was going to find something to help her in Dan’s room, and she had. Something strange was happening, and she didn’t like it. What was happening here?
Should she give this stuff to Bennett? And if she did, how would she explain how she found it? He already thought she had something to do with these murders.
She waved the waitress away when she came to ask if Jessie was all right. Her mouth trembled as she stared into the woman’s eyes.
“I’m fine,” she said numbly. “Just fine.”
She smiled, and Jessie could suddenly see that she was beautiful. She could see how it was 40 years ago, when this woman was young and wild. She’d been a babe then, and everyone she met had basked in the light of her gentle eyes. She had a kind heart, and it showed on her face.
“You know, honey,” the woman said, “If I were you, I’d go home and talk to my mother. I’d bet that whatever it is, she can help you with it.”
“Yes,” said Jessie. “She could.”
She paid for her hot chocolate and left a generous tip on the table, not looking at the woman’s face again. She didn’t want any kindness right now. 
She’d prefer a little righteous rage.
***


 When Gisel opened the door to room 212, she could smell death.
Gisel knew what death smelled like; it had been a frequent visitor to the town where she grew up. Death wasn’t pretty or some easy fading away like they showed on the television. It was ugly and nasty and stank of piss and shit and blood and desperation. 
She could smell all of those things when she opened the door, so she pulled it shut without looking inside and went to the front desk. The manager gave her a hard time, but Gisel had worked there for a long time and she knew how to handle him. She folded her arms over her chest and repeated again that there was a problem in 212 and she could not go any further until someone went with her to check it out. He could, of course, let someone else finish her rooms if he preferred.
Since the manager was not as big a fool as he sometimes acted and they were short-handed already, he mumbled something nasty under his breath and came with her. He entered the room ahead of her and stopped as soon as he saw what was lying on the bed inside.
A woman in her fifties lay diagonally across the bed, facedown and fully clothed, her head twisted at an impossible angle on her slim neck. One arm was outstretched and a small pistol lay on the floor beside the bed. There was no wound visible upon her that they could see, and neither Gisel nor the manager made any effort to move closer and take a better look.
Her husband lay on the next bed, rigid. He was face-up, with an expression of terror so vivid upon his features that Gisel crossed herself. 
“Madre de Dios!” 
His throat had been torn out. It looked as if an animal had savagely ripped apart the tender flesh of his neck.
But there was no blood.
 “You can say that again,” said the manager. “Fuck.”
***
Sergeant John Bennett was forty five years old, and he felt every minute of it as he slumped in the doorway of the hotel room. Too many nights without sleep and too much stress had caught up with him, and his face looked as gray and rumpled as the suit he wore. He looked as if he’d slept in his clothes; his collar was unbuttoned, his tie pulled sideways, and though it was only ten o’clock in the morning, he already had patches of sweat bleeding through his shirt. 
God, he was tired. His eyes felt like they were full of sand. He blinked to clear them and leveled them at the hotel manager.
“Nobody reported hearing anything last night? No fights, no loud noises, nothing?”
“I already told you no,” the man said. “There’s nothing on the log, and all complaints are written down for the day manager to review. I got a call in to my night guy and he’ll be here to answer questions in just a few minutes. Whatever it was, it happened last night. I saw them right before I left work yesterday. They asked me if I knew where they could find good seafood. That was around six o’clock.”
Bennett rubbed his forehead right above the spot where his headache pounded fiercely. He sighed.
“All right,” he said. “We got all we need from you. it might be a couple of days before you can use this room again.”
“Yeah, right,” the manager said. “Like we’re going to need it. We sure aren’t gonna have a rush of customers after a double murder in one of our rooms. That kind of stuff gets around. Business is bad enough already, and now we got cops hanging around and crime scene tape everywhere.”
He shook his head and walked off, muttering to himself.
Bennett sighed again.
“Hey, John,” one of the technicians called. “We’re done with the photographs and we’re going to roll her. Want to come see?”
Bennett knew what they were going to find before he returned to where the woman’s body lay. Her throat was going to be torn out, just like her husband’s was. A lot of her blood was going to be missing. Just like he’d known that the gun on the floor hadn’t even been fired. Just like he knew that no one at the hotel had heard anything.
The violence in the rash of murders was escalating; each day, it seemed there was another, worse one. Something had to be done, and he didn’t know how. He felt helpless, and that was not an emotion that John Bennett was comfortable with. He was the police. He was in control, but not this time. They were dealing with a shadow man.
Or a demon.
***
The Silver Unicorn was five blocks from downtown, and there was only a light crowd there. Jessie had expected that. What customers they had were clustered around the counter at the other end of the store. The customers were all guys, and they were all leaning on the counter, flirting with the woman who worked there.
Jesse pretended to be interested in a display of pipes, but she was really staring at the woman’s reflection in the glass. The clerk gestured theatrically and often, her full black sleeves flowing around her as she did so. She laughed a lot and touched her customers frequently, her long red nails making a rasping noise on their clothing as she looked limpidly into their faces with the sloe eyes she had outlined boldly with kohl. She wore large hammered silver earrings and a matching necklace that lay flat against the bronze, smooth skin she displayed so much of with her low-cut blouse. Her skirt barely covered her butt, and she couldn’t have been wearing much in the way of underwear. It would have shown through the thin silk, and there were no lines marring the contours of her figure.
That’s what Mom always called a one-inch skirt, because when you wore one of them, you were one inch away from disaster at any given moment. Hate to see what would happen if she ever dropped anything around here. Probably be a riot. 
She smiled faintly at the memory and then jerked at the sound of a voice. She’d been too intent on her musings to notice that the clerk had approached her end of the counter.
“Can I help you find something?”
“I’m looking for something you don’t have behind the counter,” she said carefully, but her voice still cracked. She met the woman’s amused gaze, who flung her hair over her shoulder and looked scornful.
“What would that be?” she asked coolly.
“Dan Jackson told me I could get it here.”
The superior attitude melted away as if it had never been. 
“Sure,” she said, all smiles. “If Dan sent you, that’s okay. I’m closing up in about fifteen miutes. Wait outside for me. Oh, I’m Sylvia.”
“I’m in the red Toyota in the lot across the street,” Jessie said, deliberately not giving her own name.
One of the guys at the counter who had been staring hungrily at Sylvia looked at Jessie and waved. She caught the motion from the corner of her eye and her heart sank. It was David; she had a math class with him.
“Hey, Jessie.” He was all smiles. “I didn’t know you came in here.”
Something had changed in Sylvia’s face, but Jessie couldn’t tell what it was. Something roiled beneath the surface of her placid expression. Jessie tried not to look at her too long; she didn’t want to know what was underneath. She didn’t want to have any more of those visions or whatever they were. She could go the rest of her life without seeing one of those little black things wriggling around inside someone.
“I’ll wait in the car,” Jessie said. She waved at David and turned to leave. “Red Toyota.” 
“Fifteen minutes,” Sylvia promised. “Just wait for me there.”
It was hot in the car, so Jessie started it and turned on the air conditioner. She didn’t see how you could survive Florida without air conditioning, and she didn’t know how the original settlers had done it. When their power was off for a week after a hurricane knocked down all the poles, she’d almost died from heatstroke. She’d even sweated during her shower – a cold one, since there was no electricity to heat the water – and she couldn’t sleep at night. AC was the best invention ever.
She glanced in the rearview every once in a while, checking on Sylvia. She was the only red car in the lot, so she couldn’t miss her, so there wasn’t any reason she couldn’t crank the radio, was there? She was singing along at the top of her lungs when wham! Something slammed into the car. 
What the hell was that? 
Boom! The noise was louder this time, and shattered glass flew everywhere from the gaping hole in her windshield. Jessie screamed and stared dumbly for a moment before she realized what had happened.
Someone was shooting at her. She ducked down and reached for the door handle, struggling to undo the seatbelt without lifting her head. Why hadn’t she taken the damn thing off while she was waiting? She cursed her mother and her car rules: When you get in the car, put on your seatbelt. Now it was a habit that just might get her killed. She was pretty sure her mother didn’t have this in mind when she’d ingrained the rules into her daughter.
At that moment, a third bullet slammed into the car. The seatbelt finally popped free and Jessie scrambled out the door and crouched on the ground. What was she going to do? Bullets could pass through cars easily, no matter that crap you saw on television about people hiding behind them. They were only good for cover. A bullet could easily come through the car and have enough force left to kill her.
She duck-walked around to the back of the car and heard a door slam, then squealing tires from someone driving fast down the street. She dared to lift her head and saw a battered blue Chevy tearing away at top speed, the driver’s face turned toward her. Her features were contorted and she was screaming out the window, but Jessie had no problem recognizing her. It was Sylvia, and she was still holding the gun.
Jessie stood up slowly and looked at the damage to her car. There was no way she could hide this one from Mrs. Davis. She was going to have to report it to the police, too. She wondered if her car insurance covered bullet holes. 
She called Mrs. Davis and told her she’d been shopping for a friend’s birthday and when she came back to her car it had three bullet holes in it. In minutes, a police officer and her insurance agent were there. The cop seemed a little skeptical, but he took her explanation as stated, and the insurance agent arranged for a tow and gave Jessie a ride home. He left her at her front door with the promise of a check for repairs to the car the next day. Mrs. Davis fussed over her, and Jessie pretended everything was ok. She was in over her head, and she knew it.
***
Sometimes when Christina Brown felt irritable and restless, she’d go for a drive. When the kids got to be too much and her husband was driving her crazy, she’d pick up her car keys out of the crystal bowl in the foyer and head out the door. Ron knew better than to complain. She wasn’t going out drinking or meeting some man, and he knew it. It was cheaper than therapy, too, even with gas prices through the roof.
Christina just liked to drive around at night. She fantasized sometimes about putting the big Buick on the interstate and driving all night instead of going home, but it was only a fantasy. She loved Ron and the kids, she really did, and she’d never leave, but it was nice to cruise around in her air-conditioned car pretending there were no responsibilities waiting for her at home. It was the only place she ever got to be alone. She’d come home cheerful, kiss Ron on the forehead and look lovingly at the children curled up in their beds like the little angels they absolutely weren’t. 
Tonight, a harvest moon hung low in the sky, colored a brilliant orange by the dying embers of the sun. Christina caught her breath at the beauty of it and drove slowly down the bumpy road. Usually she drove around in the part of town down by the mall but tonight she hadn’t felt like seeing any people, so she’d driven to McGregor and turned toward the river. She’d found a dirt road and took it; the holes in it would have engulfed a smaller car, but she’d be all right as long as she dodged the worst of them. 
It was dark back here, and Christina decided that she wanted to walk for a bit; that moon was calling to her. It wasn’t as hot and sticky as it usually was, so she’d just park as far out of the road as she could get and take a little hike. It would be nice to get some exercise. 
She could hear the distant sounds of the city, but mostly what she heard was the sound of the wild; the rustle of small animals in bushes, the sough of the wind through the trees, and the faraway sound of water on the shore. She loved the water; the hiss and suck of the tide, and the sparkle of moonlight on moving water always made her happy. She even liked the fecund smell of it; it appealed to some primitive part of her psyche, she thought.
Christina took a narrow path through the woods, searching for the river. She could smell the loam of earth all around her, and she breathed it in deeply. Christina could feel the stress melting out of her body, and she felt more tranquil with every step she took.
She practically skipped down a small slope. There it was, the river she’d been searching for. She caught her breath; the moonlight reflected brilliantly off the shifting water and soothed her soul. Christina stood for a long time and watched the rhythm of it all; the water bent and swayed and fell and rose again. Every once in a while a fish would jump, spraying droplets touched with sparkling moonlight, and Christina would catch her breath at the beauty of it. She should bring Ron out here some night; they could get a babysitter and sit on the bank of the Caloosahatchee and just be. 
She saw something out of the corner of her eye and turned to look. A figure seemed to scuttle out of sight, and was that a giggle she heard? Suddenly Christina’s heart was thumping in her chest and the very dark that had so sustained her only moments ago felt frightening. She didn’t hesitate; she started for her car at a dead run. Christina was on the track team in high school and she was still in pretty good shape; she could run like the wind. Behind her, she heard cursing and loud noises as someone thrashed through the bushes after her, but she didn’t slow down to look. She didn’t stop until she reached her car, and she hit the button to unlock the doors while she was still running. 
Christina took off too fast, fishtailing a little bit and throwing loose gravel behind the wheels. At that moment, if ghosts and goblins and witches had landed on the car and punched through the roof, she wouldn’t have been surprised. In the daytime you might scoff; when the sun shone brightly, it was easy to dismiss your fears. In the night, though, strange things could happen, and that was the time when you believed. Christina knew. 
As she pulled off the dirt road and onto the brightly lit street, still driving too fast, she swore grimly to herself that she would only drive around from now on. No more getting out of the car. Not ever.
There really were monsters out there, and they had been going to eat her up. She was lucky to be alive. 

Chapter Seven

Taylor Cameron was seventeen, and Florida was paradise. She’d come here two years ago, and it was so warm that she could sleep in the park nearly year-round. There were only a few nights a year where it got so cold that she had to seek shelter indoors, and there were plenty of places to do that, like the church down the street that left its doors open at night, or the shed three streets over with the flimsy lock her sweet old grandma could have picked. 
Taylor bathed in the fountain summer nights and at the gas station down the street the rest of the time. The guy who worked nights let her into the employee bathroom anytime she wanted. Sometimes Ricky would even give her sodas out of the cooler and a candy bar or something, and he didn’t even want anything for it. She kept Ricky company lots of times, ‘cause the night shift got boring for him and she got lonely, too. 
She panhandled or worked some little shit job during the day, or if she felt like it, she put on a bikini and headed to the beach. She was pretty and built nice and she knew it, so she’d just wiggle her butt a little whenever anyone interesting walked by. She could always find some fine young guy to buy her lunch, and sometimes she got a stay in a nice hotel out of it. Taylor loved hotels. She got to sleep in a soft bed, take hot showers, and she never had to clean up after herself. If you wanted something to eat, all you had to do was pick up the phone and they brought it to you. Once she got to stay for two whole weeks before the guy had to go home. He tried to get her to go with him, but she wasn’t about to trade Florida for Minnesota. He was trippin’ and she told him so. She sure wouldn’t mind if he came back for a visit, though, and put her up in that nice hotel again.
One of these days when she was rich, she was going to have that kind of service all the time. Until then, she’d just stay in the park. It wasn’t too bad. Beat the hell out of living in Southern Illinois, ‘cause they only grew three things there: Corn, cow shit, and rednecks. She wasn’t fond of any of those things.
She’d been miserable all her life before she left home. Her daddy was drunk all the time and his favorite sport was to beat on her and her momma. Her momma didn’t do anything ‘cept go to church and cry, but Taylor didn’t go to church and she’d stopped crying long ago. Her momma always said that God would take care of them, but she noticed that he hadn’t been anywhere around when her daddy broke her arm by throwin’ her out of a moving truck, and he sure didn’t seem to care that everybody in that one-horse town called her trash just ‘cause she was related to that disgusting old man. 
So Taylor had run away as soon as she was big enough to hitch a ride out of town. She’d kissed that place and those idiots goodbye when she was thirteen, and she was never, ever going to clap eyes on it again. She hung out in Atlanta for a while, until she got word that some skinny, mean little guy name of Cujo wanted her to join his little stable of girls. He wanted her to peddle her ass on the street full time, but she wasn’t no prostitute. She was just a girl doing what she could to get by, and she knew what happened to girls who worked for men like Cujo. They smoked crack so they could stand to do what they did, and after a while they did it so’s they would have enough to pay for crack. It wasn’t no way to live, and Taylor hadn’t left one prison so she could get locked up in another. She was too smart for that.
Taylor had hauled ass out of Atlanta in a hurry, and a sweet little old truck driver took her all the way to Fort Myers, Florida. She was never going to leave, either. 
She was dozing by her favorite sleeping spot, behind a low wall that bordered the park, when something woke her. She was rolled up in her little blanket on the soft grass; it was as fine a bed as any she’d ever had growing up.
Taylor was groggy when she first woke, and she was slightly chilled. She didn’t know why she was awake, so she lay still and listened carefully. You could never be too careful when you were alone. It was only her sharp wits and her good instincts that had saved her butt many, many times.
She heard church bells toll the hour; it was midnight. That must have been what woke her, though it usually didn’t. She had gotten used to them.
Little by little, uneasiness began to creep over her. The wind picked up, swirled and moaned like some disembodied spirit, blowing a thick blanket of clouds across the moon. The park lights went out at eleven, so it was pitch-black where she lay. Though ordinarily Taylor liked it that way, tonight it seemed too spooky. When the wind died down again, the utter stillness seemed somehow worse.
She couldn’t hear any crickets or screeching bats, and where was the chorus of tree frogs? Taylor began to wish that she’d found some sweet boy on the beach today. Then she’d be sleeping in some soft bed instead of being scared to death in the park that she usually loved. She glanced around fearfully. In the dark and afraid, trees became gnarled shadows creeping up on her; signs became ghosts rising out of the ground. She was suddenly on the verge of hysteria, shivering heavily.
“What’s the matter with you?” she asked herself out loud. “Ain’t nothin’ here that ain’t always here. Calm down. In a minute, you can go down and hang out with Ricky for a while, see if he’ll give you a soda out of the cooler or somethin’.”
But talking to herself didn’t help.
She heard a sound on the other side of the wall, and Taylor got the feeling that something, someone was on the other side of the wall, just waiting for her. She felt the hair rising on the back of her neck. Every nerve in her body told her she wasn’t being foolish, but she tried to convince herself so. She held her breath and heard nothing. Then she let it out with a little gasp and she held her breath and strained to listen once more. Taylor slowly became convinced that when she held her breath that the something behind the wall was being still and listening to her, too.
She heard a scraping, rasping sound, as if someone drew a fingernail across the stone of the wall.
“Who is it?” she cried sharply. “Who’s there? Quit fuckin’ with me.”
Taylor felt paralyzed. She couldn’t jump to her feet and run; she felt like she was in a nightmare. As he climbed over the wall, she was rooted to the spot with her head thrown back and her eyes staring overhead, unable to do anything to save herself. She opened her mouth and let out an ululating cry of terror, but it was too late.
Her last thought before he held her down and her lifeblood slipped down his evil throat was that she had been right. She was never, ever gonna clap eyes on Southern Illinois again.
***
John Bennett lay in wait for the other cop like a Florida panther waits for prey in the swamps -with silent, leashed ferocity. He sat perfectly still, only glancing at the wall clock occasionally.
2:40 am. 
3:30 am.
When he heard the rattle of keys in the lock at 4 am, Bennett slipped behind the door. When it swung shut, he grabbed the man and swung him into the wall, hard, and then onto the floor, where he knelt on his back and forced the cuffs on him. It took only seconds to subdue him.
“You lied to me, Corey,” he said as he rolled him over. “You weren’t thinking of leaving, were you Corey? You weren’t going to get very far, because there are two other cops in the car down the street. If you weren’t so high, you’d have noticed them.”
Bennett pulled his phone out of his pocket. 
“Yeah, I got him,” he said after he dialed a number. “Gimme a minute, would you? I’ll let you know.”
“I don’t know what you’re talking about,” Corey blubbered, spittle collecting in the corners of his mouth. He smelled of stale sweat and fear, and Bennett could tell he was still high. “What are you doing, man? We work together. I’m a good cop. I haven’t done anything wrong.”
“Don’t lie anymore!” Bennett stuck his face about an inch from Corey’s, and he let all his rage bubble up in his eyes. He shoved the handcuffed man, not caring a bit that Corey’s head banged a time or two on the hardwood floor. “Our friends in the car won’t come in the house until I call them back, so that leaves just you and me here. I’m tired of finding bodies, Corey, and I want some answers. There seems to be a disproportionate number of female victims. I got four girls of my own, and that fact is making me very uncomfortable. I don’t want to look at one more dead woman. Talk, and tell me the truth, because I’m not very patient and I’m feeling a little violent tonight. These people are escalating, and if you’ve got any brain cells left, you’ll talk. I got ten dead in the last two weeks, and I might have been a little closer to figuring it out if you hadn’t been obstructing the investigation the whole time. You told me you ran Dan Jackson through the computer and he came up clean, but that’s not what I found. He’s not exactly Snow White, is he? You two are cozy little friends, and you covered for him. I know he called you earlier, before you went out.”
“Yeah, we got a tap on your phone,” he said when Corey’s eyes widened and his head jerked up. “I got a warrant. We also did a search here and found your little stash. Found your money, too. Been dealing, huh? Where are Dan and the rest of your psycho friends hiding?”
Corey felt a pounding in his head and a wave of shaking weakness spread over him. He retched helplessly, and Bennett rolled him over so he wouldn’t choke. It had all gone wrong, so very wrong. He’d screwed himself into a deep hole and he was never going to get out of it. Corey could hear Bennett swearing when he started crying uncontrollably and didn’t answer him. 
It was the drugs, just the drugs, he wasn’t a killer, he wasn’t. He never would have done it if it hadn’t been for the meth. It was the meth. Not him.
It was the meth. 
***
The pounding on the door brought Jessie halfway down the stairs, but Mrs. Davis got there first. Jessie stopped and waited to see who it was. When Sergeant Bennett stepped into the house, lean and grim, eyes day, she shook her head mutely. Jessie recognized that look; they look they all got when they came to the house to tell you bad news. The same look that the cop had when he came to tell her about her mother.
The bearer of bad tidings. The bringer of death.
She saw the color drain from Mrs. Davis’ face, saw the stricken look in her eyes, and Jessie demanded to know what happened, her voice shrill and strident. When Bennett told her, it pierced her like a stiletto through the heart. 
Shannon was dead. 
She could see their lips moving, but she couldn’t hear them anymore. She couldn’t hear anything above the pounding of her pulse and that awful screaming noise that was coming from somewhere. Jessie put her hands to her ears. She wished it would stop, make it stop! And then she realized that it was her, that she was the one making the noise.
Because Shannon was dead.
It didn’t matter that Shannon was taking meth, or even that she was a murderer. They’d known each other all their lives and she was the only person that Jessie had left. She stumbled down the last few stairs. This couldn’t be real, because nobody could lose all the people they cared about in the space of six months. God couldn’t be that cruel. It was just a bad dream; just another dream, that was all.
Jessie sank down to the floor, dazed and weak, dimly hearing Mrs. Davis cry raggedly above her. When Sergeant John Bennett crouched down beside her and his strong arms encircled her, she clutched at him with all her strength, because she had to hold onto something. All the people who had defined her world were gone. She was alone, her whole world was turned upside down, and nobody could blame her for holding on tight, could they? Could they?
The tears Jessie had fought for so long soaked into his shirt. John Bennett held her close, whispering softly to her, brushing his lips against her hair. She had been so brave through this whole thing, such a fighter…and so young. He helped her let go of the pain she had held for so long, cradling her in his arms as if she were one of his own daughters; soothing her pain because he knew that he had so often missed soothing theirs. They clung together at the bottom of the stairs until Jessie had no tears left.
The kitchen was where Mrs. Davis always took her serious discussions. When Jessie’s grades had started to drop after her mother’s death, this was where they had talked about it. When she suggested that Jessie might like to see a psychologist to help her deal with her grief and anger, it had been from the kitchen that she suggested it. 
The cheery room with its bright white walls, pictures of fruit and bright yellow curtains was the place Mrs. Davis felt the most comfortable, and that was where she led them now. She refused to allow anyone to speak until they all had a drink and a snack. Hard emotions took it out of you, she said, and there was nothing like a brownie and a cup of tea to set everything right again. She watched Jessie like a hawk until she took a nibble of her food. Then she took the necklace from around her neck and handed the gold cross on the delicate chain to Jessie.
“I dreamed about your mother last night, dear,” she said quietly. “Your mother told me to give you this. Though I could ignore it, I have always felt that dreams can mean something. I’d feel better if you took this and wore it.”
Jessie put the cross around her neck. Sergeant Bennett, who sat sprawled in the chair opposite Jessie and had been quiet up to this point, cleared his throat. He told her about the policeman who had been involved in the meth trade, and that they suspected he knew more about the murder of Shannon Alonzo than he was saying. 
Jessie looked at him in dawning comprehension. “So you really were trying to find the killer? I heard you tell that other cop that you didn’t care about drug addicts getting killed.”
“You heard that?” he asked, flushing. “I said that to him to make him think I wasn’t looking for the killers. I was already suspicious of him by then and we were working on getting a tap for his phone and a warrant to search his house. I kept him close to me so that I could monitor him.”
He smiled a crooked little smile and Jessie forgave him, just a little. 
“When we searched his room, we found a scrap of paper with your name and address on it, Jessie. I’m going to share some things with you, Jessie, in hopes that you’ll share what you know with me. I know you’re not involved but I think you know something, and these people know that.”
He raised an eyebrow at her and Jessie nodded.
“About seven months ago, a dealer got killed. Gunshot to the head. There were witnesses, who walked in on the whole thing, but they were looking to buy and they were high already. All they could give us was that it was a big guy, young, with blond hair, but he left his gun.” Bennett leaned back in the chair and the legs creaked.
“That gun was supposed to be locked in an evidence room. It had been used in a robbery a year ago, and that meant it was a cop. We got it down to two guys who had access to the evidence room who fit the description, and Corey was one of them. Turns out the other guy was at his mother’s funeral in Idaho that day, and there were dozens of witnesses. We got one of the dealers form the tap on Corey’s phone. Do you know a Dan Jackson, or ever heard anyone talk about him?”
“I’ve got some stuff in my room that you might be interested in,” Jessie said slowly, guiltily. She went to get the package of stuff she’d taken from Dan’s bedroom, and then she told him everything that had happened to her. 
Jessie felt better now that someone else knew about Sylvia shooting at her, and about the threatening phone calls, and even about the midnight visit from the man who pretended to be a cop. She left out the part about her dead mother talking to her and the strange things that had been happening to her. She wasn’t an idiot. She didn’t want them locking her up in some psycho ward somewhere.
Later, when Jessie was in her room, she sat on her bed thinking about the picture she had found in the package in Dan Jackson’s room. Sergeant Bennett had read her the riot act about getting involved and for withholding information from him. He’d told her that he could put her in jail for what she’d done, even though she’d done it for the right reasons. He also said that he would put her in protective custody right now if it weren’t for the fact that they had already begun arresting some of the suspected killers. He felt that the danger had lessened somewhat, but he was still arranging for a police officer to spend the night. Bennett had been really upset, and so had Mrs. Davis. The little old woman had tears in her eyes when she told Jessie she must promise never to do anything like that again. She could have been killed like her friends, and that would just destroy her. Jessie had hugged her fiercely, but she hadn’t promised.
Jessie sighed. She couldn’t sleep, she was too wound up. She didn’t want to go downstairs and watch television with the police officer currently on the couch, that would make them both uncomfortable, so she would just sift through all the things she knew. She had to keep her brain busy to keep from thinking about the torment that Kira and her mother must have gone through before they died. She didn’t want to think about Shannon being a murderer, about how she’d probably helped to kill all the people…
Stop it! She ordered herself sharply. Just stop it right now. She willed the tears away and began to think.
She closed her eyes and summoned up the picture of the house in her mind. It was bothering her, that house – she knew she’d seen it before. She just had to remember where it was. She thought and thought about it until her head was swimming and her eyes were burning. She had to quit now and get some sleep. She would call Bennett tomorrow and talk to him about it. He wasn’t so bad. At least he cared about finding the person who was going around murdering people. Jessie fell across the bed, yawning. Her eyes closed and she hugged her pillow close. 
And while she was sleeping, as often happens, the answer came to her. 
They were ten, and the three of them were supposed to be staying with Shannon’s Abuela while their mothers worked together at the Saturday job they’d found. Abuela, Shannon’s grandmother, was old. She’d fallen asleep, which made it the perfect time to go exploring. 
Abuela’s house was down by the river and Jessie had heard her mother talking to Shannon’s mother about it. Abuela’s husband had bought the land and built the house years and years ago, when the land was cheap. It had been a small Cuban community within Fort Myers then, but all her neighbors had sold out and moved away, one by one, and now sprawling, colossal monstrosities peopled with young white professionals surrounded the tiny little Cuban woman in her tiny little house. Abuela felt out of place in her own neighborhood, but her husband had made this house with his own hands and she wouldn’t leave. All her memories were here, she said.
They turned off the path that wound down from the house, wandering idly along the riverbank. Kira picked up a stick and swished it back and forth in the water, splashing them. Laughing, they retaliated, and when they were done, they were wet from head to toe. But that was okay, the Florida sun was hot and they’d dry quickly. 
“Come on, let’s do it,” Shannon urged, wringing the water out of the long braid her mother always made of her thick, dark hair. “We won’t get caught. Nobody ever comes here.”
“Yes,” Kira said. “I want to do it, too. We always say we’re going to, but we never do.”
They were talking about going into the house. 
Or as long as they could remember, they’d been fascinated by the abandoned house down by the river. When they’d told Abuela about it, she had warned them away. It was an evil house, she insisted, and there was bad gris gris there. Shannon had laughed scornfully when she left the room, telling them not to pay any attention. She was just an ignorant old woman and she was superstitious. Everyone knew those were just made up stories.
They had started to go inside many times, but they always lost their nerve and turned away. Something about the looming place made Jessie uneasy, and she listed her fears out loud to the other two.
The flooring might be rotten. There might be pygmy rattlers in there. Or coral snakes. Or palmetto bugs, those giant flying cockroaches that were a sick joke from God. Or rats. Or monsters…
Kira and Shannon jeered, but Jessie still hesitated. It wasn’t that she didn’t like to take risks, but going into abandoned houses could kill you. Especially that house…
“Come on,” Shannon said impatiently. “If you don’t go with us, we’re going alone.”
“Yes, come,” Kira said with a sly smile. “My Jessie wouldn’t be afraid.”
They all laughed then; that was what Kira’s sister Caitlin called Jessie when she learned to talk. My Jessie. Jessie had played with her a lot because she was enthralled with the sweet-smelling little monster, and Caitlin followed her around like a little puppy. Kira had taken the term for a while to tease, and now used it whenever she wanted to cajole Jessie into doing something. 
So Jessie said yes, but a small shudder worked its way up her spine. She didn’t want to go in the house, but she didn’t want them to call her chicken, either.
In the back of the house was a small door covered over with weathered boards which had long since shrunk with age. Through the gaps between the boards they could make out the door itself, held closed by a padlock with a rusted hasp.
Gingerly, they tested one of the boards and the corroded nails gave way with a screeching groan. It only took them scant seconds to pull three more off. Shannon grabbed the padlock and Jessie held her breath. If the padlock gave, she would be committed to going inside.
“Be stuck, be stuck,” she thought, and crossed her fingers for luck.
But the rusted hasp broke loose, leaving the lock in Shannon’s hand. She discarded it with a moue of distaste, wiping the orange rust on her shorts. Kira pushed the door open and crawled through, Shannon pushing from behind. Jessie was the last to squirm through the gap.
For a moment, the deep shadows blinded her, but then her eyes adjusted to the dim light of the interior. Jessie looked around. They were standing inside what obviously used to be a kitchen. The remains of an old cook stove were shoved off to one corner of the room. A sink hung crookedly from the wall, drooping almost to the floor.
It all made Jessie feel very uneasy inside. She didn’t know why, but there was something here that was very, very wrong. 
Shannon pushed on the swinging door that led into a hallway, and it gave with a creak. They walked down the hall silently, looking at the peeling wallpaper, passing a staircase, until they arrived at a central room. 
Kira exclaimed in wonder. There were paintings still hanging on the walls. Beautiful paintings, exquisitely rendered in vivid colors. There must have been at least fifteen of them, and Jessie could tell even then that they shouldn’t have been left in an abandoned house. These were good paintings, perhaps even great ones, and they were worth a lot of money, but Jessie felt uneasy when she looked at them. She wouldn’t let Kira take one off the wall and carry it home, though Kira wanted to. 
There was blood in every painting. Jessie whirled to look at them all, feeling sicker and sicker. A fox was being torn to pieces by hounds in one. In another, a dead bird lay upon a table, dripping crimson onto the floor. A deer was being set upon by wolves and it was still alive, still trying to struggle to its feet while the rapacious canines ate great, dripping chunks of its flesh. A man in a loincloth was being hacked to death by warriors in armor, his mouth leaking blood and his eyes full of agony. They were all full of blood, and they made her sick.
And suddenly it came to her what was bothering her about the house. There wasn’t any dust.
If the house had been standing vacant all these years, where was the dirt? Where were the bird nests and the insect life and the filth that it should have accumulated?
Why wasn’t it dirty in here?
Another hallway led off from the room to the back of the house. Shannon wanted to go down it, but Jessie threw a fit and refused to go further, because the house looked empty, but it didn’t feel empty. It felt as if something or someone was lurking inside these walls, waiting for them to come closer. And it was down that other hallway and it would kill them and play in their blood and it would be just like those horrible pictures. The house was whispering to them, wanting them, and Jessie wondered if there had been other visitors to this house. Had the visitors found what was waiting here for them, and had they screamed in agony while no one could hear? 
Jessie knew they had to leave now, before it was too late, before whatever it was came out of its lair and got them. She whimpered and moved closer to the others.
“Let’s go,” she said urgently. “There’s something wrong here.”
A loud noise made them scream out in panic, run down the hallway and out the way they had come, their hearts pounding. Once outside, they looked at each other and laughed, because it all seemed so silly now. Shannon pushed Jessie and called her a chicken. Kira said boastfully that she hadn’t been afraid, she just didn’t want to make Shannon and Jessie feel bad ‘cause they were the only ones running.
Both Shannon and Kira must have felt the same things that Jessie had felt in the house, because they never went back into it again. They never even discussed it again. When Abuela died a couple years later, the family sold the house and the land and divided the money. Jessie forgot all about the house.
Now, in Jessie’s troubled sleep, she was again standing at the back door to that house and she knew that she must enter it, once again. She put her hand on the doorknob and she felt the coldness travel all the way to the center of her heart. The door opened soundlessly, just as she remembered.
It was quiet as a tomb inside the house. 
She had left the outside world behind and stepped into an ancient one, a world so different and frightening that it made her feel as if her blood had turned to ice in her veins. It pumped sluggishly through her, and Jessie moved slowly, slowly down the hallway. She was in the central room once again. Shadows danced all around her and a glow seeped from beneath a door that seemed far way. The door at the end of the other hallway. The hallway that had so frightened her when she was just a child.
The hallway that frightened her now.
“Jessie,” it called sweetly, seductively. “Come to me, Jessie. Come to me now.”
She knew that voice; it was the voice of the man who had tried to force his way into her home. It was the voice of the man who thought he was a vampire. 
It was the voice of Dian Carman.
Jessie saw the paintings all around her, still filled with bold reds and greens and blues. The paintings should not still be so bright, so filled with vivid color; they should have been dulled and dirty, but something in this place kept them fresh. Huge war-horses trampled fallen men in them; there were broken bodies and decapitated heads and men bound with chains dragged behind chariots. In all the scenes of slaughter, the blood gleamed bright scarlet, seeming almost to ooze from the frames.
Blood and death was all around her, and Dian Carman called her name, over and over. Jessie stepped forward into the darkness, the noise of her footsteps echoing in the house. She walked down the hall and opened the door to the room, and Dian Carman stood there in the emptiness, in all of his beauty. He held out a hand to her; he seemed kind and benevolent, and he smiled at her. Jessie started to smile back, and then she stopped. She squinted her eyes. 
There was something wrong here, something…Jessie stared hard at the man dressed all in black silk. She did what Grandma Belle had said to do, and tried to look with the eyes underneath her eyes. 
Whatever that meant.
Jessie looked deep beneath the surface beauty, behind his gilded skin. She saw a glint of something that exuded evil, and if she squinted just right, she could see it. Jessie concentrated harder, ignoring his voice speaking so gently and harmoniously.
And then she saw, clearly; Dian Carman’s very bones were black with rot. While she stared, she watched his face change. It melted in front of her like it was made of wax, and she could see all of the evil underneath. His teeth lengthened and became fangs, and his eyes were red glowing circles of pure, scorching hate that wanted to eat her whole. 
She saw the true face of Dian Carman. He was a demon.
“I’m your friend,” the monster-face said to her, and it made Jessie sick to hear that honeyed voice coming from the face of evil.
“Use your true voice,” she said. “I know what you are.”
Jessie saw that the room had changed, too. It was no longer empty; an altar made of some dark stone lay directly behind Dian Carman. Jessie shuddered when she saw the stains upon the altar, because she knew that the stains were blood, the blood of all those he had killed.
She began to see other things appear inside the once empty room. There was a broken skull beside her feet, grinning up at her. The bones of thighs and hands and ribs lay intertwined in the terrible room. As Jessie watched in horror, more and more bones appeared, skulls and feet and spines, until the room began to fill. The skeletons began to stack on top of each other, rising higher and higher between the two of them. The pile was up to his waist now, and Dian Carman took a step back and hissed in rage.
“Who is this?” he hissed. “Who dares interfere with me?”
“Piss off,” said a too-familiar voice, and Jessie laughed. It was her mother’s favorite expression.
“It’s time to go, baby,” her mother said. “Go on home now. You know what he is and that’s the most important thing. He’ll never fool you again; he’s evil lurking behind a pretty illusion and you can see that now.”
And just as quickly as that, she was lying in her bed. A hand seemed to caress her face, and Jessie smiled at the sensation.
“You were never alone,” her mother’s voice said in her ear. “I was always here. When the undead called you, I sent you the memory of the house so that you would remember how you felt inside it that first time. I was right beside you, Jessie, the whole time. Every step you took in that place of evil, I took with you.”
“I don’t believe in this, Mom,” Jessie said, and there were tears in her voice. “I don’t believe in vampires and demons and the undead. I don’t even believe in you. You’re dead, and I’m only dreaming.”
“Oh, honey,” her mother said. “It’s more like a nightmare, isn’t it?”
When Jessie opened her eyes, she knew what she had to do. She had to go back to that house. 

 

Chapter Eight
It was easy to sneak away from the cop downstairs. He was looking for someone to break in, not out. Jessie just went out on the edge of her little balcony and hung by her fingertips until she got up the courage to let go. It wasn’t that far to drop and there was only grass beneath her, but it looked like a long way down when you were hanging there. The trick was to close your eyes and hold your breath for a second and then let go, and that is just what Jessie did.
She almost forgot the cross Mrs. Davis had given her and had to go back inside to get it. It was a good thing she hadn’t let go of the balcony yet when she remembered. Jessie had taken the cross off and put it on her bedside table, and she shoved it in the pocket of her jeans. Then she got her cell phone, turning it off and slipping it into her pocket, too.
She eased silently through the hedges that bordered the back yard. She still had a key to Kira’s car, and it was parked on the street in front of the Matthew’s house, right where Kira had left it. She’d seen it yesterday and it had sent a pang right through her heart. Kira had loved that junky little car. Jessie said a silent prayer that no one would be awake at the Matthew’s, and that the car would start on the first try. She sighed in relief when both of her little prayers came through.
She was on her way to that house, but she had a stop to make first. 
Just in case.
Father Raymond Sullivan didn’t look very priest-like, at least the way Jessie imagined priests were supposed to look. They should be tall and thin, with grave, ascetic faces and always be serene.
Father Raymond didn’t wear a white collar and he abhorred black suits. He tended to gravitate toward loud Hawaiian shirts and blue jeans. He was short and chubby, and instead of piercing blue eyes, he had weak ones that tended to water. He was nearsighted and he wore big glasses, and he poured sweat constantly. Mandy Hartwell told him once that he was as ‘nervous as a whore in church’.
Her mother’s religion had been a wishy-washy thing; sometimes she felt it, sometimes she didn’t, but she told Jessie that she had made a promise to herself when she was pregnant. She would at least try to give her child a choice when it came to religion, and that meant taking her to church at least once a month.
They tried out numerous churches before settling on Father Raymond and St. Anthony’s. Jessie always had a suspicion that it was because he was the only priest she had ever met who would argue with her. Jessie allowed herself a little smile at the thought.
Mandy Hartwell loved to argue, and she naturally distrusted those who would not defend their beliefs. Give way to her in misguided politeness long enough and she would view you in contempt. Reverend Snakeshit, she called one minister whose greasy smile and misogynistic, hellfire-and-damnation sermon had annoyed her. The man had just blinked and stammered when confronted with her opinion of his views. Jessie had seen it happen time and time again; her mother simply did not like those who could not stand up to her.
Father Raymond, for all he looked like a pushover, certainly could. He poured sweat, wiped his glasses furiously, and doggedly defended his ideology when questioned. In the process, he’d earned a friend.
He might not look or act like a priest, Mandy had said admiringly of him, and I might think that half of what he believes is a crock of shit, but at least he knows how to shove back when I push him.
Jessie had never understood that playground concept of respect, but she knew it was the way her mother thought, and she accepted it. Just like most things about her mother, you might as well accept it, because there was no changing it. She was the way she was. Father Raymond accepted it, too, and that made Jessie like him.
Father Raymond did have one quality that priests need. He knew how to be a good friend. When Mandy had died, he didn’t give Jessie stupid platitudes or tell her she’d see her mother again one day. He’d simply sat with her on the lumpy old couch and cried, his arm around Jessie’s shoulders. She could feel him shaking against her while she wept, and somehow that made her feel better, to know that someone else mourned as fiercely as she did.
The lights at the rectory were all burning bright, and Jessie was relieved that she wouldn’t have to wake Father Raymond. When Jessie knocked on his door, he didn’t ask her stupid questions or act as if she needed a therapist when he found out what she wanted. He just gave her a small bottle of holy water without a second thought, as if many of his parishioners came after midnight with such a request.
“Father,” Jessie asked quietly as she turned to leave. “Do you believe in pure evil?”
“I think you can’t attribute everything that happens in the world to God. I know that there are some who wouldn’t agree, but there is evil in the world that God can’t prevent or control.” He took off his glasses and began to polish them on his bright blue and yellow shirt. “There is evil out there, and that is what is keeping me awake tonight. You be careful, you hear?”
Jessie promised.
“I’ve been dreaming of your mother a lot lately,” he said with a small smile. “I dreamed of her tonight. She told me that she missed me, and that she knows what happens when you die but she won’t tell me, just for pure meanness. She told me you were coming to see me, so I got up, got dressed and turned on the lights.”
***

The house that had taken the place of Abuela’s old one was massive, three-storied, and reminded Jessie of an old plantation house. It had columns out front and a porch that extended around it in a U-shape. The entire back of the house was a lanai, and the pool was Olympic-size – it was Florida, after all.
Christ, it looks like Tara on steroids, Jessie thought.
Pink bougainvillea cascaded everywhere and there were bed after bed of dazzling flowers so bright that they almost hurt the eyes, even in the dark. It seemed so out of place here, this monstrous home and its beautiful gardens. With the exception of the bougainvillea, the plants required tons of water, and would wither and die almost immediately if someone stopped taking care of them. If this house were left untended for just six months, the luxuriant gardens would be overgrown with vines and weeds. Palmetto bushes would creep forward, for this was a subtropical land and the plant life was unstoppable. It was fecund here, nearly uncontrollable, and left to itself for a short time, the land would claim back these gardens.
Jessie skirted the property and stepped into the undergrowth that bordered it. She smelled rotting plants and dank water underneath the canopy of scrub pines. Leaves rustled and she saw the shadow of something slip through the palmettos. Her anxiety rose; what if she’d remembered wrong? What if it wasn’t this way at all, and she never found the evil house? 
When something screeched and flew past her face, Jessie thought her heart would explode. She laughed shakily when she saw that it was only a little burrowing owl. Thirty years ago, the little owls had been driven almost to extinction by the rush of construction. Their nests were now protected, and the owl preservation had been such a resounding success that you saw the fierce little creatures all over the place, sitting on the wood poles that game wardens put up to mark their burrows. This one was no more than six inches tall, but he had made a noise big enough for ten owls. 
And then she saw it. The house.
It squatted before her like some rancorous goblin, sucking all the light from the full moon out of the sky and seeming to glow. Jessie drew nearer, repulsed and yet drawn by the malignant shell. The doorknob felt cold to her fingertips, just as it had in her dream.
She knew that he was waiting for her. He was calling her, and she was going to stop him.
Jessie opened the door and went in.
It was just as she remembered it; those charming, blood-filled paintings were still on the wall, but someone had brought in heavy, clunky furniture and filled the room with it. Jessie shivered. She felt cold.  
She knew from her dream where the hallway was, and she walked to it. This all seemed so dream-like. If it wasn’t real, then she was crazy, but she didn’t feel crazy.
It was ridiculous, ridiculous to even be here, to believe that she might be meeting a demon and a vampire. Yet she was desperately hoping that ghosts at least were real, because she didn’t want to be in here alone. She was horribly afraid that she couldn’t do this by herself.
“Not alone,” said a familiar voice. “I’m here. I came with you before and I won’t desert you now.”
“Thanks, Momma,” she murmured. “I’m glad you’re here. I’m scared.”
“Courage, baby,” Mom whispered. “Everybody’s scared. Even the dead people.”
Jessie had to giggle at that one a little bit.
“Funny, is it?” asked a voice, and Jessie started violently. A woman with her hair died a deep purple smiled at her from a chair in the shadows.  The woman smiled, and it made her look sweet and lovely, and Jessie could see the bones of what she used to be. There was no real amusement in her expression; the smile was false and her eyes were wicked, and Jessie knew that all her humor had been burnt out by drugs and Dian Carman.
“I guess it is funny, to you,” the woman said, and she lifted her arm and pointed a gun right at Jessie’s heart.
Jessie froze, knowing with a sick feeling down in her stomach that she had lost, that it was all over. The woman came closer, cackling a horrible laugh.
When she was almost upon her, something happened.
A soft blanket of light seemed to envelop her, making her purple hair glow weirdly. She held the gun out to Jessie, a vacuous smile on her face. 
“Take the gun,” she said, but it wasn’t her voice. “You’re going to need it later. This one is going to sleep.”
Jessie took it and watched in wonderment when the woman sat back in the chair and fell instantly into sleep. Jessie held the gun out before her until her hand cramped, gripping it so tightly that her hand hurt. She loosed her grip and let the arm fall to her side; the gun felt cold and oily in her hand. 
“Come to me, Jessie,” a voice whispered, and she knew then that the woman had been a diversion, a human shield for the real monster in this house. If Jessie had killed her, it would have been an amusement for him.
She stepped into the hallway, trying to see in every direction, refusing to allow panic to cloud her judgment. She would have to move quietly; who knew what else lurked in the dark waiting for her.
She paused by a staircase, but saw nothing.
“It’s above you,” Mom said, and Jessie jumped out of the way. A man landed lightly down in front of her, looking in his loose clothing like a huge black bat. 
Where did he come from? she thought. I swear he wasn’t there when I looked before.
She pointed the gun at him, and he laughed uproariously.
“My master has made me immortal. You can’t kill me.”
Jessie listened to her heart and reached for the cross in her pocket. She flung it at him with all her strength, and when it hit his neck it sank into the skin like a hot knife into butter. Jessie watched in revulsion as the cross sank further and further beneath his skin, the chain slithering around his neck like a snake, severing his head. It dropped to the floor and rolled to one side, and Jessie cried out when his eyes blinked at her, accusing her. His flesh wrinkled and withered and slowly became a large pile of dust.
She stared at the dust for a long time, fighting the urge to scream. I’m sorry, she thought. I’m sorry you got involved in all of this, and I’m sorry that I caused your death. She picked up the cross from the pile of death and dropped it back into her pocket along with the gun. 
She could hear him calling her name and laughing. Laughing because she had killed his disciple.  
She passed a room with an open door and paused to look in. She saw a gallows-like platform perhaps two feet off the ground, with a grate as the surface to stand on and a galvanized tub beneath. This was where they killed their victims and performed their blood rites.
“Come in,” said two voices in unison and she saw a young couple huddled against the wall. They were both tall and blond and pale. They looked enough alike to be brother and sister, but Jessie hoped they weren’t. The boy was stroking the girl’s unfettered breast through the thin stuff of her tee shirt, and she was thrusting her body lasciviously against his hand, gazing lovingly up at him.
“Come in and play,” the boy said, licking his lips. He never took his eyes off Jessie, even while his hand was so busy with the girl. “Or we’ll come out there and play.”
He started for her, the girl holding his hand. He reached a hand into the pocket of his baggy jeans and pulled out a knife, and Jessie was mesmerized by the glinting silver edge. He was grinning and the girl was grinning, and Jessie knew that they would kill her, still smiling. And then they’d have sex right by her cooling body, because that was what they liked. She could see it there, glinting in their eyes. 
And then Mandy Hartwell was there, holding her daughter’s hand. She pointed a finger at the couple, and they seemed to see her as clearly as Jessie did. The girl screamed out in terror when Jessie’s mother took a step toward them, never letting go of her tight grip on Jessie’s hand.
“Go!” she said, and her voice boomed like it always had when she was angry. Jessie had seen her back grown men down with that booming voice and flashing eyes. She would lift her chin, tighten her mouth and deepen her voice, and whoever she faced would feel ashamed, somehow, that they had not behaved. 
Even those who ordinarily had no conscience.
“It’s been a bad dream, but now you’re awake. Go to the police station and tell them what you’ve done. Turn yourself in. Perhaps it’s not too late for you.” She stared hard and resolutely at both of them, her eyes grave. “If you stay, you will die. I will kill you.”
The girl was whimpering, dragging the boy back by his arm. They nearly trampled Jessie as they fled past her, and their footsteps pounded down the hall. She heard a door slam and looked wonderingly at her mother, who faded as she watched. Jessie was left clutching only air; there was no hand in hers.
“I’m still with you,” she whispered inside Jessie’s head. “I’m still here.”
Jessie marched to the door at the end of the hall. It had an old-fashioned crystal doorknob, and there was a key in the lock. Jessie knew the door wasn’t locked; he wanted her to come in.
“I’m with you,” Mind-Mom whispered. “I’m right here, too. You’re not alone.”
Jessie opened the door.
A fire burned in the massive fireplace, and he stood in front of it. He was elegant in black silk, and the fire backlit his glorious, silver-gilt hair and added warmth to the cold paleness of his skin. It looked as if demons and imps burned and moaned in the fire, twisting and reaching out their fervent arms to try and caress him with their heated limbs. His red, red lips curved into a slow, sensuous smile, but Jessie could see the rotten skull of her dream lying like a shadow behind the beautiful face, and she was not charmed. 
Finally, Jessie admitted to herself that it was all real and not some hallucination; her mother, the ghost, was with her in this room and Dian Carman was a demon and a vampire. He was undead, and he had killed her mother and her friends. They were dead because of him.
“Welcome to my home,” he said softly. “I welcome you here even though you turned me so discourteously away from yours…but no matter, you are here now. You are such a bright young woman. I called you, and you came. You knew the way here only because I called you.”
“I’ve been here before,” Jessie said stonily. “That’s how I found it. I didn’t need your help, and I don’t believe in your power. You’re a sick psychopath.”
Annoyance creased his perfect features, and a red light flashed for a second in his eyes. Then he smiled again.
“Perhaps.” He gestured around the room. “Come, join the party.”
Jessie had been so focused on him that she hadn’t seen the people all around; they were all young, all dressed in black, and all leering at her. She felt her skin crawl. Their avid expressions bordered on lust; they were all his people, and he had enslaved them just as he had the others she had met on her way to this room. They would tear her apart at his command, just as they had done before.
She saw Dan Jackson among them, smiling eagerly at her as he lounged against a cushion in the corner. 
She was never able to explain everything that happened after that, not to herself and not to anyone else. 
Hate seared her body but it didn’t burn out the terror she felt. Jessie dug down deep inside to try and banish the fear, but the strength she felt didn’t come from inside. It came from without, a great, overwhelming flood that stiffened her knees and kept her on her feet. Jessie felt filled with a cold flame that would not be assuaged until it had vengeance. She pointed at Dan Jackson in fury.
“Murderer!” she cried, but it was Shannon’s voice. “Murderer! You are just as responsible for all the deaths as that thing you who you call master. I’ve been punished for my sins, and you will be, too.”
Dan Jackson jackknifed upright, looking shaken.
Lifting her arms into the air, Jessie laughed. But it was not her voice that laughed, nor was it just one voice. It was hundreds upon thousands of voices, all laughing together, and it hurt the ears. Her audience watched in horror, even the demon Dian was afraid. Jessie felt the power fill her to the top with glorious light.
She could hear thoughts not her own and the part of her mind that was still hers filled to the brim with pity and horror.
(no oh no jesus have mercy that hurts)
(help me timmy’s dead help me help me I saw him help me)
(momma momma momma)
Jessie began to know things.
A woman in only a ragged nightdress ran through snow on bare feet, her black hair tangled around her face. Her bare arms pumped at her sides and she looked behind her as she ran. Her cheeks were bright pink from exertion; her nostrils opened wide as she panted and ran hard to get away from the three monsters that pursued her. Dian Carman leaped on her and knocked her down while the other two roared in laughter, and the snow beside her was stained red with blood.
A woman in old-fashioned clothing clutched her two small children to her breast and begged for their lives. She offered herself instead, pleading with the three monsters before her. Dian Carman laughed and told her that young blood was the sweetest, and the other two held her while he sank his fangs into her struggling, weeping children. When he drank from her, she made no protest, simply lying there while he sucked down her life. When they were all done with them, they cast the bodies away like someone throwing away an empty vessel.
A man in a dark suit and blue shirt lay slumped in a parking lot. One hand was raised above his head, the other crumpled beside him. His eyes were open, but he saw nothing. The overhead lights surrounding the lot were reflected in his dead eyes. There was a two-inch gash on the side of his throat, and a bright head bent over him and lapped eagerly at the blood flowing down his neck. 
There were many, many more, and Jessie knew them all in the flash of an instant.
“You’re all damned!” she cried, and this time it was Andy’s voice, deep and clear and strong. “You’re all going to die, and you’ll spend eternity alone.”
The girl closest to her screamed and backed away from Jessie, her hand over her mouth. The next voice that came from her mouth was achingly familiar, and Jessie would weep later at the remembrance of it.
“I trusted you all, and so I died,” Kira shouted. “But you won’t go unpunished. My Jessie will punish you.”
And many voices shrieking of vengeance poured from Jessie, as if she were only a receptacle to hold angry souls. Her whole body shook, and she strained hard to keep from losing herself in the deluge of emotion. 
“Steady,” Mom said, but the voice wasn’t inside Jessie now. It was right beside her, as was her mother. A small, ancient woman with skin like crumpled brown paper, a magnificent hooked nose, and a coronet of dark braids stood on Jessie’s other side. The two women stood shoulder to shoulder with Jessie in the room full of milling, violent strangers. 
“The ones inside won’t hurt you, and they won’t let harm come to you. Just stay calm and hold steady. Grandmother came to help.”
“Pay no attention!” Dian Carman screamed. “It’s only a trick!” He stalked closer, menace practically oozing from him.  “I will kill her, you will see. She is nothing next to me!”
“Do it now!” her mother cried. “Now, Jessie!”
Jessie pulled the vial that Father Raymond had given her out of her pocket, uncorked it, and threw it into the demon’s face. 
Dian Carman shrieked, the sound wailing through the night. His hands flew to his face and Jessie could see the skin bubbling into blisters. He reeled in circles, one eye blinded, his flesh melted as the holy water boiled its way through. 
“Dob! Dother!” he howled. “Help me, brothers!” When no one answered, he screamed to his followers, his hands grasping a young woman as she ran by in panic. She shrank back from him in fear and revulsion. He shook the girl, so hard that her head flopped on her neck. “Kill her!” he screamed. “Kill her!”
But the girl pulled free and fled, just as the others did. They trampled one another in their fury to be gone. They kicked and punched to be the first to get out of the room. Jessie saw Dan Jackson crouched in a corner with his hands over his ears, sobbing.
And Jessie felt the power rise in her until it was nearly unbearable, until she felt she would explode from the force of it. She pointed both hands at the demon. A sound rose from her throat, a guttural sound of pain and fury, the howling of wrathful voices that rose into cacophony. The demon bent in on himself, trying to get away from the noise that surrounded him.
Jessie could feel a buzzing begin way down in her feet, and it sang its way joyously through her, growing stronger and stronger as it surged ever upwards. She jerked with the force of it, with the power. When it reached her hands, she felt a whispering rush as a green, swirling tide of light flowed from her and hit Dian Carman with the force of a hurricane. He screamed and writhed in its might. 
It seemed to Jessie as if the green light that flowered from her fingertips was composed of hundreds upon thousands of voices, and that the voices were whispering their own names, over and over again, and that they had joined their energy to kill him.
It seemed to last forever, that green light/sound/cry. It went on and on, and when it finally stopped pulsing from Jessie, Dian Carman lay unmoving on the floor. While she watched, his flesh and bones melted into a disgusting soup of viscous fluid.
Jessie felt empty now that the voices were gone; she felt hollow inside, and suddenly, achingly lonely. She would hear those voices in her dreams and she would always wake with a smile on her face, gladdened by them. She had known them all for those few moments, she had been them all in some strange way, and she was always glad when they came to visit her sleep.
Jessie pulled the gun from her pocket and pointed it at a small group of followers cowering on the floor.
“Tie him up,” she said, and indicated Dan Jackson. “I’ll kill all of you if I have to, so don’t think about running.”
She needn’t have worried; they scurried to do her bidding. The weeping Dan Jackson was bound tightly, and Jessie made them drag him out into the hallway. 
“Stay here,” she ordered. She locked them in the room, hoping they were still sufficiently frightened of her to stay put because she wasn’t even sure she was strong enough to take care of Dan, who was tied like a steer for branding. She pulled her cell phone from her pocket and called Bennett, giving him concise directions to the house in a calm voice and telling him how many were still here. She hung up on his sharp questions, cutting him off in mid-sentence.
Then she toed the blubbering Dan in the ribs to get his attention. 
“I have to know some things,” she said. “It’s all over, so it doesn’t matter if I know. Why did you leave that stuff under your pillow? You had to know somebody would find it eventually.”
“That wasn’t me, it was Shannon,” he said sullenly. “Do I look that dumb to you? She couldn’t take it when we started killing people she knew. It was all right as long as it was strangers, but when we started killing her friends…He was smart, you know. He found all the people to cook up the meth, and he brought us to this house. We got a whole chain of distributors going. Some of us started taking too much of the product and went a little crazy, but overall it was working out pretty good. I had a lot to do with that. I’m just as smart as him,” he boasted. “He was a vampire hanging out inside a group of people who pretended to be vampires, so he looked normal. So smart…”
Jessie kicked him again. “Get over all the admiration for yourself and your freak boss and tell me about Shannon.” When he acted reluctant, she brandished the gun and he began to talk. The words poured from him, as if he had been dying to tell someone all along.
”We met at a party and I started feeding her drugs right away, then I introduced her to him. He hypnotized her somehow and she would have done anything for him, at first. He would call to her and she would come, no matter the time or where she was or what she had to do. She did anything he asked. She distributed meth and she started taking a lot of it.”
Dan grinned, and Jessie wanted to punch him.
“She might have acted all right around you, but she was one of the worst for a while. She loved the money, but it wasn’t only that. She had the bloodlust, too. After we killed Kira, all that started wearing off. She started pulling away. She tried to talk us out of killing Andy, but our master needed him. She talked to me about you and she begged me not to tell him, but of course I did. I tried to scare you off without hurting you. I made a phone call and I came to your house, but you wouldn’t stop. I had to tell him then. If you had backed off, she would probably still be alive.”
Jessie flinched at his words, and he laughed.
“She freaked after he came to see you. He made me stop going to work and move out of my grandma’s house because he knew she’d crack and tell you eventually, and she did. He gave your name to the other people in the group and told them you were our enemy. Some of them weren’t so stable anymore. Like Sylvia, who shot at you. Shannon wanted you to find everything out, so she left you that clue. I almost got you that afternoon, you know. Dian told me you were there and you’d only been gone a couple of minutes when I arrived.”
Jessie’s skin crawled when she remembered how she’d run down the street like a madwoman when her mother had warned her to get out. Everything would have turned out so differently if she hadn’t left when she did.
“She wanted to get caught and she knew that she would if you got the right information. She couldn’t handle it. She said that we’d become evil, and she wanted it to stop. I knew it was evil. I knew it, and didn’t care. It wanted it to be more depraved and immoral than it was. I liked it, and the only thing I regret is that I didn’t get to put my old granny on the altar in there.”
“Why’d you do it, Dan? Why did you kill them all?”
 “It started out for the ceremony; we had to have them for him. We’d have them on Fridays, but sometimes I couldn’t find anyone to kill. I picked up some woman one night while she was waiting for the bus, but we couldn’t count on that happening all the time. The next time, we picked up a bum and we got lucky with a couple of runaways. But we didn’t want to come down with some disease, so we had to have clean kills. He liked them best when they were young.”
Some woman who was waiting for the bus… Jessie felt sick. She felt shaky, and her eyes burned the way they did when she was going to throw up. She slid down until she was sitting on the floor. Dan just kept yakking away.
“I met people online and got them to trust me. As soon as we hooked up in person, I’d start feeding them drugs and getting them dependent on me. Then I’d ask them to a ‘party’. It took a long time to work up a sacrifice, took a long time to get them to trust me. What’s the world coming to, I ask you?” Dan gave a high-pitched cackle. He lifted up his head to glare at Jessie, the naked hate in his eyes a shock to her, even knowing what he was. 
“I’d cut you up and drink your blood if I could. If I ever get loose, you better run and run, little girl.”
“You’re never getting loose,” she said. “Tell me about the ceremony. 
“We’d get high first, and get them high, too, so it seemed like a bad dream to them. We put it in their soda or their liquor, because you can’t taste it that way. There’s just nothing like killing somebody when you’re high…” he said dreamily. “All that blood and gore; I loved it. We’d kill them and drain their blood into the tub. There were gallons and gallons of it, seemed like, and he’d drink his fill. Then we’d have a party and make cocktails from the blood that he left. Sometimes people couldn’t wait, and they’d be up there licking blood and stuff off the wood. I think he probably drank from them when he couldn’t get a victim, though he always said he wouldn’t. he said we weren’t sheep, and he couldn’t drink the blood of his brothers and sisters. But I saw how he acted when he was hungry, and we were all his sheep when he needed blood. I think he’s been at me, too, because I got to where I couldn’t wait, either.”
“You’re looking kinda green, Jessie,” he said slyly. “Want me to tell you about your friends? How Andy begged and begged and I cut his throat anyway? How that Kira girl screamed for her mother the whole time and it got us so hot we slashed her to pieces, just kept slashing and slashing until there was hardly anything left of her but a warm puddle of glorious blood…”
Jessie’s hand trembled on the gun. She balanced her arm on her knee and pointed it at him and put some pressure on the trigger. How could this piece of dirt live and Kira and her mother die? He should die, too, not grow fat in some prison.
“Don’t do it, Jessie,” Mind-Mom said loudly. “The best retaliation is to let this one live, can’t you see that?
“What was that?” Dan asked, trying to twist around. “Who’s here?”
“Your doom.” Jessie’s hands still shook, and she eased the pressure off the trigger “The one person who could make me not kill you. You’re terrified of jail, aren’t you? You feel like you’ve been in jail your whole life, living with that crazy old bat who has the nerve to call herself your grandmother. But that is what is going to happen, Dan. You’re going to be in jail forever and ever and ever.”
“Shut up, bitch,” he shrieked. “I’ll get loose and I’ll get you. I’ll find his brothers or they’ll find me. There are more of them, you know. They’re not dead, and they’ll come and they’ll eat you alive! I’ll help them drink your blood and smash your bones!”
“No, you won’t,” Mind-Mom whispered, her voice full of sorrow. Jessie could see her between them, one slender arm reaching toward him but never touching. It seemed as if Dan could see her too, because he howled and tried to crawl away from the lady with tears on her face. 
“Oh, you won’t Dan, you won’t, you’ll just lie in that narrow bed and dream at night about what a good life you could have had if things were different. It would have been, you know. You could have had a wonderful life, but now you will live in a waking nightmare. Your mother really loved you, but she won’t come to you now, Dan. She won’t help you because she knows you are evil, evil now, and her soul hurts for you. You killed me, Dan. I was just waiting to go home and be with my baby. You were still human that night, but you’re not anymore, because you’ve given your spirit to evil. You knew I had a daughter. I told you so while we were sitting there together. You knew if you went through with it that you were leaving Jessie all alone, and you knew what that could do to a person because it had been done to you. You could have stopped it that night. Even after the things you had done, you weren’t evil, and you could have changed it all. You could have become the person you were meant to be. You knew that you shouldn’t do it, but you did it anyway, and now you don’t even remember how many you killed. You could have stopped it all, and your mother knows that. And so do you.”
“Not true, not true!” he screamed. “Shut up, make her stop!” he screamed and screamed and screamed, until he couldn’t see the woman anymore. But he could still hear her whispering, over and over.
“Poor boy, poor boy.”
He kept on screaming until Bennett arrived with police and ambulances, and the EMT gave him a shot to sedate him. Jessie crouched, crying, by the wall where she had leaned an eternity ago. She didn’t move when Bennett took the gun away from her. She could still see Dan’s throat moving spasmodically as they loaded him into the ambulance, and she could tell that he was still hearing the words her mother had spoken, and that in his mind, he was still screaming.
***
“I’m going away for a little while, baby,” Mom said. “I’m going away, but I’ll be back if you need me.”
“I can dream you whenever I want to,” Jessie said to her. “Isn’t that what you are, a dream?”
“I’m whatever you want me to be,” Mom said, and stroked a strand of hair away from her forehead. “You can dream whatever you want.”
“That’s the same kind of bullshit answer you gave me in real life,” Jessie complained. “What in the hell does that mean, exactly?”
“I don’t care if you are old enough to go to college, you watch your mouth or I’ll kick your butt,” Mom said, that eyebrow rising right up into her hairline the way it always did when she was pissed.
“If this is my dream, I ought to be able to say whatever I want,” Jessie said stubbornly. “I want you to stay.”
“Business to take care of,” Mom said breezily.
“What kind of business?”
“I’m so sorry you had to grow up so fast. I can’t tell you how sorry I am that all this happened.”
“You can’t fix everything, Mom.” Jessie watched a little smile play across her wide, mobile mouth.
“Maybe I can,” she said. “Maybe I’m the Magic Mom.”
“I haven’t believed that since I was eight years old,” Jessie said wryly, but she was lying. Somewhere in the depths of her mind, she thought that her mother could do anything. 
Even come back from the dead.
“Maybe you believe in a lot of things that you say you don’t,” Mom said, just as if Jessie had voiced the thought out loud. “Grandma Belle says she’s proud of you. It’s not over, baby. There are more of them, so you be careful. I’ll be watching.” Trailing her lips across Jessie’s forehead, she turned and was gone.
***
The ringing phone woke Jessie from a sound sleep. Bennett had brought her to the hospital and they’d sedated her to keep her overnight, since she was babbling about discovering her mother’s killer and ghosts and vampires. And because she couldn’t stop crying, of course. Whatever was in the shot they gave her worked, because ten minutes later she was laid out on the bed with a big old smile on her face. 
Bennett made Mrs. Davis go home and go to bed, and he had stayed in her place. She’d woken a couple of times that night and found the cop who tried to pretend he was tough sitting in the chair with his head on her bed, snoring. 
“’Lo,” she mumbled into the receiver. She could barely focus her eyes. 
“Jess,” Bennett said gruffly. “I just got off the phone with someone who says she’s your Aunt Lucinda. Says she’s in Paris and she just got a message she should call her sister. She finally got hold of your old landlady, who gave her my number. She says to tell you that she’ll be there day after tomorrow.”
Jessie smiled groggily.
“You know anything about this? Did you finally get hold of someone who knew how to find her?”
“No,” she said, laughing. 
It was no use pretending anymore that it was a dream. It had all been real; the demon vampire, her mother, the strange power she had felt…
”But I bet I know who did.”


Epilogue

He was beautiful. 
The most gorgeous man she had ever seen, even more gorgeous than Dian had been. She was on her knees in front of him, and she stared worshipfully up at him. He held out a hand and helped her to her feet, holding her arm solicitously and smiling sweetly.
“Tell me everything you know about this girl, the one who killed my brother.” She couldn’t take her eyes away from his red, red lips. “I will reward you handsomely, of course.”
“Yes, Dob,” she said. “Whatever you want.”












If you liked this book, watch for Blood on the Moon, Book 2 in the Chasing Vampires Trilogy, Coming Soon!
If you’d like to keep up with the author and all her doings, you can:
Follow her on Twitter
Like her Facebook Page




















 




















































