Zombie City: Episode 1
By M.F. Soriano

Copyright 2013 M.F. Soriano
All rights reserved.
Smashwords Edition

Cover Photo by Gianluca Ramalho Misiti

Author contact: mf.soriano@yahoo.com

For Scott Mackell.

Chapter 1
It was 3:37 a.m. on Saturday, and Shane was running late.
“Shit,” he said, looking down at his watch.  He paused his pedaling in order to tuck the watch back into his left front pocket.  And then he took hold of the handlebars with both hands again, putting a little more force into each push of his legs.
The streets were empty at this hour.  The road stretched ahead of him, lined with parked cars, punctuated by streetlights.  The only sound he could hear was the rhythmic squeaking of his bike chain.  He listened to the chain for a moment, frowning.
“Gonna have to replace that chain,” he said.
He looked up at the sky.  The fog was a thick blanket blocking the stars, the moon just a blur of light.
“Next paycheck,” he said, thinking of the chain.
At Folsom he turned left, drifted over into the bike lane.  The wet, misty air clung to his face, cold against his cheeks, but he didn’t mind.  It distracted him from the throbbing pain in his head, the nagging, sick feeling in his stomach.  As hangovers went, it wasn’t a bad one.  He’d had enough hangovers, especially in the past few years, to learn to deal with them.  Still, starting the work week feeling shitty was never ideal.
He pulled in a deep lungful of air, coughed it back out.  He pulled in another.
After a few blocks a thin patch in the fog revealed the moon.  It hung in the sky, round and bright, like a clean plate at the bottom of a scummy sink.  Shane glanced up at it, still pedaling, and sighed.
“Be 30 next month,” he said.  “And what do I have to show for it?”
Honey Guts, he thought.  Fucking Honey Guts.
He frowned.  Looked at the road ahead of him.
Honey Guts, the unfinished poetry collection gathering dust on the desk in his shitty studio flat.  It was supposed to be his offering to the world, his best efforts distilled into something better than himself.  It was supposed to be a work of art, like the Beat poetry that had changed his life when he’d first come across it at age eighteen.  Back when he’d decided to come to San Francisco, in the first place.
That had been almost a dozen years ago.  And now, he realized with alarm, he couldn’t even remember the last time he’d sat down to write.
Shane guided the bike with his left hand on the handlebars, letting his right hand drop down to rest on his right thigh.  His right hand pushed down firmly with each stroke of that foot on the pedal, trying to squeeze a little more force into his pedaling.
“How old was Ginsberg when he moved to San Francisco?” Shane wondered aloud.  “How old was he when he finished Howl?  And what about Ferlinghetti?  He wrote his best stuff here, didn’t he?”
There was no one there to answer his questions.  No sound except for that squeaking chain.
Shane frowned again.  “Of course, when Ginsberg and Ferlinghetti moved here, there weren’t any tech-worker hipsters driving up the goddamn rent.  Ginsberg and Ferlinghetti didn’t even have to work.  They lived like monks, writing and drinking wine all day.”
At 13th Street he swung right, taking the turn wide, letting his bike drift out into the middle of the car lane.  13th Street ran beneath the elevated Central Freeway.  He glanced up at the blue metal girders that held the freeway up, tasting the metal in the moisture-thickened air.
The sides of 13th were lined with parked vehicles—including a good number of RVs and camper vans—packed in so there was hardly room to walk between the bumpers.  And the sidewalks were occupied by tents and cardboard boxes and other improvised shelters for the homeless.  Shane held to the center of the lane, reached forward to grip the handlebars with both hands.  He watched the sides of the street, just in case someone darted out at him.  But everything was dead still, the lonely squeaking of his bike chain the only sound.
A thought came to him: “All of it, all my time and energy, goes toward making rent.  Nothing left for Honey Guts.  I came here to write, but living in the City is keeping me from writing.”
He’d had the thought before.  But being on an empty street at nearly four in the morning—at the start of another work week, with nothing to show for the days off except a hangover—it gave the thought weight.  Made it seem like a revelation.
“I’m almost thirty,” he said to himself.  “I need to get out of San Francisco.”
A red light loomed ahead of him: the traffic signal at Harrison Street.  Shane looked left and right, then blew through the intersection without stopping.
Half a block later a siren split the silence.  Shane looked over his shoulder, saw a cop car coming up fast behind him, its roof lights whirling.
“Shit!” he said.
He looked around quickly, thought of making a run for it.  But his head was throbbing and his stomach still felt queasy.  He was in no shape to run.
Shane squeezed the brakes, pulled over to the edge of the road.  The cop car roared past, siren screaming.  He flinched, leaned away from the gust of wind shoved at him by the speeding car.  It whipped left on 11th Street, taking the corner so fast he could hear its tires squealing above the siren.
The siren faded into the distance in less than a minute, leaving the street dead still once again.  But a jittery energy coursed through Shane’s arms and legs now.  Despite the cool air, he suddenly felt clammy hot.  A drop of sweat rolled over the side of his ribcage, beneath his flannel.
“Shit,” he said again.
He took a deep breath, lifted his left foot back onto the bike pedal.  And then he glanced over to the sidewalk, and saw something that made him forget the cop car—and the squeaking chain and Honey Guts—all together.
There was a rolled up carpet there, near a pylon supporting the freeway overhead.  And sticking out of the bottom of the carpet roll were a pair of legs.
Shane stared at the legs, his mind blank.  The traffic signal up ahead—for the intersection the cop car had just ran through—switched lights with a click, and the street was so quiet that he heard it clearly.  He shook himself a little, blinked his eyes.  He looked back at the legs.
They were dressed in slacks, a pair of polished-leather shoes covering the feet.  If it wasn’t for the fresh shine on those shoes, he probably would have assumed the legs belonged to a bum.  Plenty of homeless people camped on these sidewalks, seeking the shelter of the overhead freeway.  They slept in tents and cardboard boxes to stay warm.
“But no bum shine’s his shoes,” Shane said quietly.
The thought of homeless people made Shane realize something else.  The bums on this part of 13th normally gathered even more thickly near the freeway pylons.  But this pylon, except for the legs in the rolled up carpet, was deserted.
Shane leaned over the trunk of the car he’d stopped next to, leaned over to look at the sidewalk.  He could see scraps of trash, even a few pieces of flattened cardboard that looked like they’d served as someone’s mattress not long ago.  But the only figure in the area was the man rolled up in the carpet.
“I don’t have time for this,” Shane said.  “I’m already running late for work.”
And yet he found himself lifting his left foot off the pedal, swinging that leg over to stand beside the bike.  He squeezed between the rear bumper of the car and the front bumper of the van behind it, dragging the bike to the sidewalk.  He laid the bike down on the sidewalk, took a step toward the carpet.
“Hey,” he said.  “Hey!  Are you alright?  Do you need help?”
There was no response.
Shane crouched down beside the carpet, near the end opposite the feet.  “Hey!” he said again, aiming the words at the opening in the roll.  He saw that the carpet was sodden, soaked with a dark liquid on this side.  “Hello?”
No response.
Shane looked up the sidewalk in both directions.  He got to his feet and looked up the street where the police car had gone.  The street was dead.
“Never there when you actually need them,” he said.  “Fucking cops.”  
He crouched back down.  “Hey!” he said, shaking the carpet roll.  When that got no response, he gave it a good shove.  The carpet rocked toward the pylon and then rebounded, rolling toward him.  Shane stood and stepped back quickly.
And then he heard a low moan, muffled by the carpet, coming from the rolled up figure inside.
“Hey!” Shane shouted at the opening in the carpet.  “Are you all right?”
The figure moaned again.
Shane put both his hands against the rough carpet backing and started rolling the carpet away from the pylon.
It took three turns, the polished shoes flopping as they rotated, and then the carpet rolled open.  The man inside came to a rest facedown on the concrete.  His hair was greasy and dirty, bits of debris in it.  His arms and legs were limp.
“Are you okay?” Shane asked, hovering over the man but hesitant to touch him.
The man moaned again, and Shane took hold of his shoulder, turning him.  The man flopped over onto his back.
“Aw, shit,” Shane said, stepping back.  “You stink like a damn brewery.”  He waved a hand in front of his face.
The man moaned again.  The front of his suit was coated with crusted red vomit.  Dried blood had clotted in the stubble under his nose.  His eyes were squeezed shut, dark bags under them as though he’d been on a bender.
“So I’m gonna be late for work ‘cause you can’t handle your liquor,” Shane said.  “Why can’t you crash in your own flat, like every other drunk yuppie?”
And then the man opened his eyes, and Shane’s words caught in his throat.
The whites of the man’s eyes were so bloodshot they looked angry red.  They looked as if they’d been scrubbed raw with sand.  And the man’s gaze looked so glazed and dull that Shane could see no sign of active thought behind them.  He looked like he was asleep with his eyes open.
Asleep, or dead.
“Fuck, man,” Shane said, stepping back.  “You need to get your shit sorted out.  Rehab, or something.”
Abruptly, the man rolled toward Shane, his hand reaching out.
“Take it easy,” Shane said, stepping back.
The man lurched up onto his hands and knees, crawling toward Shane.
“Hey!” Shane said.  He took another step back, and bumped into something hard.  He turned his head, saw he’d backed into a parked car.
And then he felt something gripping his leg, tight around his ankle.  He looked down, trying to pull his leg free.  The man had him, and his grip held fast, despite Shane’s attempt to pull his leg back.
“What the fuck?” Shane said, getting angry again.
He felt the man pulling his ankle, drawing it toward him.  He saw the man’s mouth open, teeth bared.
“What the fuck!” Shane said, jerking his leg back again forcefully.
The man dropped onto his chest, but still he held fast.  And now his other hand came forward, reaching for the same ankle.
Shane’s irritation flared into anger.  Before he could think of what he was doing, his own hands came down, shoving the man’s face into the sidewalk with a crack.  The hand holding his ankle went slack.
Shane hopped back, suddenly horrified.
“I’m sorry, man,” he said.  “I’m sorry.  Are you okay?”
The man lifted his head up to look at Shane.  His lip had split like a cat’s, his front teeth were broken, awash with running blood.
But his eyes were just as dead as they’d ever been.
“Fuck this,” Shane said, backing away.  He snatched up his bike, squeezing between the bumpers of the car and the van, desperate to get back to the street.  As soon as he’d passed through, he threw his left leg over the bike, nearly losing his balance in the process.
Out of the corner of his eye he saw the man rising to his feet on the far side of the car.
Shane lifted his foot toward the pedal, hopping on one leg, almost losing his balance again.  The man lurched toward the gap between the car and van, and Shane put all of his weight onto the left pedal, lifting himself off the ground as the bike rolled forward.  He dropped his right foot onto the other pedal, started cranking as fast as he could.
Behind him came a moan, low and throaty and long, loud in the otherwise silent night.  Shane looked back over his shoulder, pedaling hard, and saw the dark figure of the man following him, stumbling up the middle of the street.
Chapter 2
Shane kept up his sprint, standing up and pedaling furiously, until he got to Townson Street.  At Townson he pulled up onto the sidewalk on the left side of the street, letting the bike coast until it slowed to walking speed.  He hopped off the bike and started walking, breathing deep and trying to calm himself down.  An image of the drunk yuppie’s eyes was in Shane’s head, bloodshot and lifeless.  He looked around, trying to force the image out.
Although it was only a few minutes from the homeless-occupied sidewalks of 13th, Townson was a world away in terms of niceness.  The city had put a huge amount of money into renovating the first few blocks of the street, widening the sidewalks, repaving the road, even putting in a few trees and benches.  It was part of the city’s bid to court new tech start-ups, and coupled with the tax breaks the city had offered to such companies, the bid had been pretty successful.  The large, red-brick buildings that lined the first few blocks of Townson now sported flashy signs for companies that hadn’t even existed a few years ago.
ZapPow!, where Shane worked, was one of those companies.  It occupied the first building on the street, which it had decorated with a gigantic version of the ZapPow! company logo: a neon pink silhouette of a fluffy kitten, standing on its hind legs, holding an Uzi in each hand.  The logo and company name were repeated, in smaller form, on the double smoked-glass doors of the entrance.  Shane didn’t bother to look as he passed.  He hurried to the end of the building and ducked into a dead-end alley there.
Ten feet down the alley was a plain metal door.  Shane fumbled in his pocket for his keycard and dipped the card into the slot beside the door.  The lock whirred, and Shane jerked the door open.  He grabbed his bike and hurried down a short, bare-walled hallway, using his keycard again to get into the first door on the left.
A motion sensor switched the lights on, revealing a small room crowded with a large table and chairs and a row of lockers across the back wall.  Shane leaned his bike against the table and hurried to the back of the room, where the time clock sat on another, smaller table beside a little microwave.  He snatched his paper timecard from the wall holder and jammed it into the machine, letting out a breath as the machine clunked his start-time for the day.  He held the card up in the fluorescent light.
“Four o’ seven,” he said.  “More than five minutes late.  Probably get called by the boss on Monday, for that.”
He dropped his timecard back into its slot in the wall-holder.  Then, on a whim, he lifted another card out of its slot and looked at it.
“Terrance Jones.  Four a.m. on the dot, every day for the past four days.”  Shane shook his head, irked.  He often worked the same shift as Terrance, and he’d never seen his co-worker anytime before five in the morning.  “How does he do it?”
No time to wonder about it now.  The kitchen needed to be cleaned before the cook got there at six, and since Terrance was never around to help him, Shane had to do it all on his own.  To make matters worse, today he was running late.
The image of the drunk yuppie’s dead eyes burned in Shane’s brain again.  He shook his head, forcing his mind back to the work he needed to do.
He went to his locker, spun the code into the padlock, and jerked it open.  He kicked off his sneakers, reaching for a pair of coveralls hanging inside the locker.  He pulled the coveralls on over his jeans, slipped his arms into the sleeves without taking off his flannel, zipped up the long zipper in the front.  He jammed his feet into his steel-toe work boots, tied up the laces.  He grabbed a pair of rubber gloves, folded them together and shoved them into his left front pocket.  
The last piece of gear was the key ring.  ZapPow! prided itself on being a state-of-the-art, cutting-edge tech start-up.  But when it came to the cleaning staff, it was strictly old school: paper timecards, a clunky time clock, and the key ring.
There was a key for every janitor’s closet on every floor, and in every bathroom, and for every padlock that secured something the cleaners had to use, like the trash compactor or the dumpsters in the basement.  There were so many keys that the spring in the retractable keychain couldn’t cope with the weight, leaving the keys to dangle from half a foot of chain hanging out of the coil housing.
Shane picked the key ring off the locker’s top shelf, slipped it through the pocket slit on the coverall’s right side, and clipped it to the belt loop on his hip.  A fat wad of keys, hanging at his thigh.
“Like a fucking ball and chain,” Shane muttered, and sighed.
He thought of the bike ride to work that morning, before he’d found the dead-eyed yuppie.  He thought of the squeaking chain and the moon behind the blanket of fog, of Kerouac and Ferlinghetti.  He thought of Honey Guts, still unfinished, and of how he was turning thirty next month.
“I’ll give two weeks on Monday, when the boss is here,” he said to the empty room.  “I’ll save every cent I earn before my last day, won’t even buy beer.  And then I’ll get the fuck out of San Francisco, go back to Arcata, crash on couches, and write.  I’ll fucking finish Honey Guts before I’m thirty one.”
He nodded his head, feeling better than he’d felt in a long time.  More focused.  Stronger.
He walked back out the door of the room and turned left down the hallway, came to the door to the ZapPow! lobby.  Even as he came near the door, Shane could hear the noise coming from the room beyond: a nonstop, blaring mix of the most up-to-the-moment popular music, an incongruous blend of heavily-produced club rap, emotionally-overwrought alternative rock, and jangling pseudo folk.  He took hold of the door handle and felt it pulsing with vibrations from the music.  He opened the door and walked through.
On the other side of the door was the ZapPow! lobby.  Smoked glass and stainless steel everywhere.  Enlarged cutouts of cartoon animals holding semi-automatic weapons—various characters from ZapPow! games—scattered around like a disorganized mob.  A circular front desk in the center of the room with a truly enormous video screen hanging from the ceiling above it.
Shane glanced up at the screen, hardly paying attention at first, intent on getting where he was going.  But a half second later something clicked in his head.  He stopped walking, raised his eyes, and stared.
There was none of the whirling motion, the frenetic jerky movements, of the ZapPow! first-person shooters.  There was none of the cartoon-ish, God’s-view panoramas of the ZapPow! strategy games.
Instead there was a single static image.  The stillness of it, in a place where Shane was accustomed to seeing frantic motion, made it all the more forceful.
It was a close-up on a man’s eyes, bloodshot and intense.
Chapter 3
The image of the dead-eyed yuppie slammed its way to the front of Shane’s mind.  The resolve he’d felt just a moment ago seemed to vanish, and the nausea in his stomach came seeping back.
But it wasn’t the yuppie’s eyes up on the screen.  It was an illustration.  An exceptionally vivid illustration, but an illustration nonetheless.
Below the eyes there was a word, “Voodoo,” written in a font that looked like dripping blood.
“Voodoo,” Shane said, getting a grip on himself.  “What the fuck is that?”
He looked up at the glaring eyes for a few more seconds, wondering.  And then a flash of anger took hold of him, irritation at being so easily rattled, at being stopped in his tracks by an overdone drawing.  He was already running late.  He had to get the kitchen clean in less than two hours.
Shane dropped his eyes from the screen, resumed his passage across the room.
At the far side of the lobby, a tunnel passed through the wall.  The tunnel was about eight feet tall and ten yards long, lit inside with pink neon rings.  Except for the obnoxious color, it looked like something out of Star Wars.
Shane walked through the tunnel and into the main area of the building, a cavernous space that had probably been some sort of factory before ZapPow! got the lease and started its renovations.  Now, with the main overhead lights shut off for the night and the only illumination coming from the sparse emergency bulbs, it felt sort of like a massive canyon.  The ceiling soared five stories above the ground level, and each story had its own floor, a wide platform running along the rear and side walls, behind a guardrail.
The ground floor, where he stood, was an open area primarily used for press events and ZapPow! employee meetings.  Another giant screen hung from the wall on the left, at the back of a low stage faced by several rows of chairs.  Shane glanced to that screen now, saw the same glaring eyes he’d seen on the screen in the lobby—though the eyes here were superimposed on a ZapPow! pink background, and the words “ZapPow! welcomes Voodoo, the next level in energy drinks!” showed in that same blood-splatter font.
The rest of the ground floor had been laid out as a conference area, with expensive rolling chairs surrounding large tables, the walls lined with couches.  Dozens of empty tallboy cans, painted the same blood-red of the Voodoo words, littered the tables.  Dozens more overflowed from the numerous trash bins.
Shane strode across the room, picking up an empty Voodoo can on the way.  He lifted the can near his face, trying to get a good view in the dim light.  The blood-splatter “Voodoo” at the top, the glaring eyes below, and at the bottom a slogan: “It’s Black Magic!”  He turned the can in his hand, read the spiel printed next to the nutrition label on the back.
“Voodoo is the next level in energy drinks,” the words said.  “A proprietary blend of taurine, ginseng, caffeine, acai, and the sacred herb Mucuna—traditionally used by Voodoo priests to enhance concentration and focus.  Drink it, and feel the Magic!”
“All this shit tastes like cat piss to me,” Shane muttered, tossing the can in a wastebasket near the end of another table.
He dropped down the stairwell at the back of the room, pulling on his rubber gloves, heading for the cafeteria and the kitchen in the basement.  It looked as bad as he’d ever seen it: the kitchen destroyed—flour on the walls, sauce dried to crust on the counters and floors, the sink brimming with dirty dishes—and the cafeteria in a similar state to the conference area on the ground floor, with every table covered by empty cans of Voodoo.
Shane surveyed the mess, letting irritation harden his resolve.
“Two weeks,” he said.  “Two weeks, saving every penny.”
And then he threw himself into the work with a vengeance.
For an hour and a half he mopped floors, scrubbed counters, and washed dishes.  He cleared and wiped down tables, cleaned out the microwave, sprayed every surface with sanitizer.  He emptied the trash cans into a cart, replaced the bin bags, took the full bags to the compactor.  He did all of it at a frenzied pace, focused on the task, mind empty of everything else.  By the time he was dropping the last floor mat into place in the kitchen, he was breathing hard, his arms and shoulders tired, his back sore, his hair wet with sweat.  He felt his blood running, felt wired from the manic pace.
Shane wiped the sweat off his forehead with the back of his arm, and took the steps back up to the ground floor two at a time.
It looked exactly the same as it had looked an hour and a half ago—the tables littered with red cans, the trash bins overflowing, the chairs dragged here and there instead of being pushed back into place.
Exactly the same.  Not a single thing had been done.
“Where the fuck is Terrance?” Shane growled to himself.
His frenzied rush through the kitchen cleaning had managed to make up some lost time, but there was still a lot of work to do.  If Terrance didn’t show up, he’d have to bust his ass all day, and skip lunch and all his breaks, just to do a minimal cleaning of the rest of the building.
“Fuck,” he said, striding across the room, using his agitation to quicken his steps.  He passed through the tunnel, crossed the lobby, opened the door to the hall with a key from the key ring, and went back to the cleaning staff lounge.
The lights flickered on as he entered the room.  Everything looked untouched since he’d clocked in almost two hours ago.  He glanced at the phone mounted on the wall by the time clock table, saw that its message light wasn’t blinking.  Terrance hadn’t called in sick, then.
He went to the timecards, and pulled Terrance’s card from the rack.  He looked at the card, and for a moment the room seemed to spin around him.
Terrance’s card showed a start time for today: four a.m., on the dot.
“But I was here,” Shane mumbled, “and he hadn’t clocked in yet.”
Another sudden flood of rage took hold of Shane, and it was all he could do to keep from crushing the timecard into a ball.  Instead, he threw it across the room with all of his might.  The card flew a half dozen feet, and then flipped and tumbled to the floor beside the table.
“What the fuck!” Shane shouted.
For a moment he looked around, desperate to get his hands on something he could break.  He looked at the phone, he looked at the time clock.  He gritted his teeth and clenched his hands to fists and squeezed so hard that his whole body started to shake.
“This fucking wage-slave job is going to drive me crazy!” he hissed through his clenched teeth.
A wave of heat washed over him, and then faded, taking most of the rage with it.  He closed his eyes, pulled in a few deep breaths, relaxed his hands, let his arms hang heavy at his sides.
“Maybe I should walk out right now,” he murmured, eyes closed.
But the thought of his nearly-empty bank account came to him.
“Two weeks,” he said, “saving every fucking penny.”
He walked over to Terrance’s time card, bent down to pick it up.
And froze with his hand just a few inches away.
The card had fallen face down, and on its back side was a red fingerprint.
He picked the card up, puzzled.  He brushed his thumb over the fingerprint, smearing it.
It was blood.  And it was fresh.
Chapter 4
Shane wiped his thumb on the leg of his coveralls, cleaning off the blood.  Then he looked over at Terrance’s locker.  It looked normal from where he was, but when he got closer he saw that the lock had blood on it, too.
“What the fuck is going on?” he muttered to himself.
He dropped Terrance’s time card back into its slot on the rack.  Then he pulled the rubber gloves from his pocket and slipped them on.  He reached for the lock, took hold of it, tried to pull it open.  The lock didn’t budge, but the blood smeared onto the fingers of his gloves, vivid red against the bright yellow.
Shane looked around the room again.  Everything looked normal.  He walked around the table to the door, reached for the door handle.  And saw that the handle had blood on it too.
A little glimmer of feeling was coming to life in Shane’s stomach, where the nausea had been.  But this wasn’t nausea, or anything as familiar as that.
It was worry.
Shane took hold of the door handle, jerked the door open.  He stuck his head into the hallway and looked both directions, giving it more attention than he had on his angry march through a minute ago.  The white walls and linoleum were glaringly bright under the fluorescent lights.  On the floor, just in front of the doorway, there was a drop of blood.  It was perfectly round and brilliantly red, so bright it almost seemed to glow.
There was another drop of blood a few feet down the hall, toward the ZapPow! lobby.  A few feet past that, a pair of drops—little twin points of red.  And the handle on the lobby door was likewise touched with blood.
Shane opened the door cautiously, looked into the lobby.  The cartoon cutouts faced the front door, the Voodoo eyes glared down from the screen.  But there was no sign of Terrance or anybody else, and the carpet was too dark to show blood traces.
He stepped into the lobby, nerves tingling.  He walked to the circular reception desk, leaned over it to see if anyone was hiding there.  Nobody was.
He walked through the tunnel and into the main floor area.  The tables were still littered with red Voodoo cans.  The chairs were still pulled here and there, disorganized.
“I’d have seen him if he went to the cafeteria,” Shane said to himself.
He walked to the elevator, at the right side of the room.  There was a smear of blood on the call button.  He pressed the button, part of his mind fascinated by the way the button light illuminated the blood smeared over it, making the red glow.
The elevator dinged, the doors opened.  Shane stepped inside, turned to look at the buttons for the floors.  A smear of blood marked the button for the fifth floor, at the very top of the building.
“Bingo,” Shane murmured.
He pressed the button, stepped back from the doors.  The elevator went up, fast and smooth.  It gave a cheery ding when it reached the fifth floor.
The doors opened, and there was Terrance.
In the dim emergency lights of the building, he looked almost like a silhouette, a dark-skinned figure laid atop a white leather couch to the right of the elevator doors.  His work boots were propped up on one of the couch’s armrests.  His right arm was draped over his eyes.  His left arm dangled off the side of the couch, hand hanging just above the floor.
The sleeve on that arm had been pushed back above his elbow, revealing a tattoo of a pitbull’s head with the words “Oaktown Dogg Pound” written beneath it.  And below the tattoo, wrapped around his forearm and held in place with duct tape, was a dark-colored towel.
“Terrance!” Shane said, hurrying toward the couch.  “Hey Terrance, are you alright?”
Terrance let out a groan, moved his right arm slightly to glance at Shane with one eye.
“Shane, bro,” he said quietly.  “Crazy Shane.”  And then he winced, let his arm move back into place, covering both eyes.
“Terrance, what happened?”
Terrance shook his head, eyes still covered.  He rolled onto his side, facing the back of the couch.  His left arm brushed against the couch’s white leather, leaving a dark-colored streak.  Blood.  Lots of blood.  So much that it made the sodden towel wrapped around Terrance’s forearm look burgundy, though Shane recognized it as a cleaning rag, and cleaning rags came white.
Terrance let out another groan, wedged his face into the place where the back of the couch met the seat cushions.
Shane reached out, put his hand on his co-worker’s shoulder, gave him a gentle shake.  He could feel heat coming through the fabric of the coveralls.  Terrance was burning up.
“You look like shit, man.  We need to get you to a hospital.”
Terrence shook his head, face still hidden in the couch cushions.
“Come on, man.  You need a doctor.”
He waited a moment, and then shook Terrance again.  Insistently.
Terrence shifted, pushed himself up with his right hand.  He swung his feet to the floor, bringing his hands to his face.
“I’m cool, man,” he said, face still in his hands.  “I’m cool.  Don’t need no doctor.”
“Bullshit.  You’re burning up, and you’re bleeding all over the place.”
“Naw, ain’t nuthin’.  Had a scrap with some crazy whiteboy outside.  Fucker came at me in the alley, bit me an everything.  But I busted his ass good.”
A thought flashed into Shane’s head.
“Was he a yuppie dude?” Shane said.  “In a suit?”
“Naw.  Fuckin’ hipster whiteboy.  Wearing a hoodie and those bitch-ass tight, high-water pants.  Probably worked in this fucking building, fuckin’ ZapPow! drone.”
Shane let out a breath.  Not the same guy he’d seen on 13th.
“He bit you?” he said.
“Yeah, man!”
Terrance dropped his hands from his face, tugged the duct tape loose from the rag.  He unrolled the rag, showing a crescent-shaped wound, still oozing blood.
“You’re probably gonna need stitches for that,” Shane said.  “You oughta go to the hospital.”
“Fuck the hospital, man!” Terrance said, raising his face to look Shane in the eyes.  “You know how much my copay is?  Forty-five fucking dollars!  It’s just a fuckin’ scratch.”  His eyes dropped back to his hands, which he clenched to fists.  “Fuckin’ cracker-ass hipster’s the one gonna need a doctor.  I busted his ass, good.”
Shane looked at his co-worker for a moment, saying nothing.
“Just a bit hyped, you know,” Terrance said.  “Adrenaline and all that.  I’ll be cool in a minute.”
“Alright,” Shane said, “fine.  But you can’t stay up here.  Why’d you come to the CEO’s floor anyway?”
“Fucker never shows up before noon, man.  You know that.  And he might not even come in on a weekend at all.  Meanwhile all these fuckin’ hipster drones show up bright and early.  Might even be a few of them on the other floors, right now, after that product launch last night, getting all juiced on some bullshit energy drink.  These fuckin’ yuppie hipsters love their fuckin’ jobs more than anything else.”
Shane nodded his head.  He’d had the same thoughts himself.  The tech workers wore hoodies and blue jeans, but they were the same as the old-school yuppies in their suits and ties.  They all lived to work.  They all put their careers at the center of their lives.
Actually, Shane thought, the tech-worker hipsters were worse than the yuppies, pretending to be into underground art and writing and music.  At least the yuppies had the decency to act disdainful toward the culture they were destroying.  The hipsters didn’t even seem to realize that by giving all of their creative energies and time to the big-money tech start-ups, they were furthering a San Francisco that left no room for people who wanted to focus their lives on something other than being part of Forbes magazine’s hot new company to watch.
Terrance dropped his face back into his hands, rubbed at his eyes.  “I’ll be cool in a minute,” he said.  “Don’t worry about me.”  He pulled a smart phone from his pocket, glanced at its screen.  “It’s almost six.  Fuckin’ drones’ll start showing up pretty soon.  If you get started on the main floor, I’ll start up here and work down to meet you.”
Shane thought of how he’d already had to clean the kitchen and cafeteria on his own, suddenly irritated again.  The clock was ticking, and there was still plenty of work to do.
“Alright,” Shane said.  “Whatever.  But don’t forget to clean this fucking couch.  Gonna stain if you don’t get that blood off it, soon.”
“Don’t you fuckin’ worry ‘bout me,” Terrance said, glaring.  “I’ma handle it.  You acting like you never had a slow day.  Don’t remember couple months back?  We went out after work, you called in sick next day?  Fuckin’ Death Kitten 7 game release, and I had to clean the ground floor on my own?  You forgetting that?  Give a brother a break, man.”
Shane closed his mouth, dipped his head once in assent.
“You got a point,” he said.  “I’ll start on the ground floor.  But don’t wait too long to clean this couch.”
He stood up, walked back to the elevator.  He jabbed the call button with two stiff fingers, and then realized he still had blood on his rubber gloves, and he’d just marked the button with it.
“Fuck,” he muttered, wiping the blood away with his sleeve.
Chapter 5
Shane often received notices and reminders of the importance of taking his breaks.  The notes usually reminded cleaning staff that California law required a fifteen minute break for every two hours worked, and a half hour lunch if the work-day was longer than six hours.  Today he’d already been at work for about two hours, but when the elevator doors opened on the ground floor, and he saw all of the disorganized chairs and can-littered tables, he knew he wouldn’t have time to take a break and still stay on schedule.  He frowned, thinking of how often that was the case.
He needed to get this floor clean as soon as possible.  Despite it being barely six a.m. on a Saturday, he’d seen ZapPow! workers show up almost this early on other weekends.  The fuckers really did live to work, as if their jobs were their whole reason for being.
Shane hurried over to the janitor closet, thumbing through the keys on his key ring.  He found his key, stabbed it into the keyhole, twisted it.  He jerked the door open and grabbed a box of trash bin liners from the shelf, dropped the box on the cart.  He pulled the cart out, wheeled it over to the nearest trash can.
And then he heard a loud crash from the third floor, as if someone had tipped over a file cabinet.
Shane froze in place, looking up at the third floor railing, trying to catch a glimpse of what was going on.  But he couldn’t see anything past the rail except for a few emergency lights shining down from the bottom of the next floor up.
“Maybe someone is up there,” he said to himself.  Maybe they fell out of their chair, or knocked a computer off the desk.  Or maybe there was an earthquake, a tiny one, but enough to tip a stack of books off a shelf.
He looked up at the rail.  He still couldn’t see anything.
“Hello!” he called out, aiming his voice at the third level.  “Everything all right up there?”
He listened carefully, but the only sound he heard was the subtle hum of the fluorescent lights.
“Fuck it,” he said.  “Be up there soon enough.  Got to get this main floor cleaned up already.”
He started working on the trash.  There were ten trash bins in the room, and every bin was filled to the brim with empty, red cans of Voodoo.  Shane guessed that at least forty cans would fit in a bin, which meant at least four hundred empty cans all together.  Not to mention the several dozen cans littering the table tops, and down in the cafeteria too.  So, more than 500 cans of Voodoo were drank at last night’s event, which worked out to one for every ZapPow! employee, and second cans for some.  It took Shane three trips to the blue recycling dumpster to dispose of all the bags.
He glanced at a clock on the wall when he’d finally finished with that job, saw that it was already half past six.  He hurried to the janitor’s closet, pulled the vacuum out, attached an extension cord to it, and plugged the cord into the wall socket.  Then he turned it on, and ran it across the room—literally ran it, arm stretched out, feet jogging across the carpet, trying to make up time.
He reached the far end of the room and turned to run back the way he’d come.  But when he turned he noticed something at the upper edge of his vision.  Something up on the third floor.
It startled Shane enough to make him stumble.  He caught himself, stopped and looked up.
Someone was up there, standing at the railing, watching him.
Shane looked up at the person for a moment, vacuum still roaring, trying to make out who it was.  But the person was backlit by the emergency lights, just a featureless silhouette standing at the railing, motionless.
Shane lifted a hand, waved.
The figure made no movement.  It stood completely still, hands hanging limp at its sides.  Despite its proximity to the railing, it didn’t rest its hands there, or lean forward against it.
Shane kicked the power switch on the vacuum, turning it off.  He raised his hand again.
“Hello,” he said loudly, hand still raised.
The figure made no response.
After a few seconds of awkward silence, Shane started to feel uncomfortable.  He dropped his hand, looked around the main floor.  No one else was there.  He looked back up at the third floor railing.  The figure was still standing there, watching him.
He watched the figure for another half minute.  It never took its eyes from him, never raised a hand to wave, never made any movement at all.
“Well fuck you, then,” Shane muttered under his breath.  “Fucking stuck-up hipster, yuppie asshole.”
He kicked the vacuum back on, started pushing it across the floor again, though this time he didn’t run.  Even if he ran, there wasn’t enough time to vacuum the whole floor.  More than two and a half hours had passed since he’d clocked in, and there were still four floors to go, each needing to be vacuumed, each needing its trash cans emptied, each with two bathrooms that had to be cleaned.  Hardly more than a quarter of the workday was done, and Shane was already far enough behind that he’d have to spend the rest of the day playing catch up.  He couldn’t do it all anymore.  He’d have to focus on the obvious stuff, get it done as quickly as possible, and move on.
He glanced back up at the third floor railing.  The figure had disappeared.
Shane pushed the vacuum around the main floor, eyes scanning for dirty spots.  His headache had gotten worse, a throbbing in his temples, especially sharp above his left eye.  He found himself squinting that eye, squeezing it shut tight, as if that would push the pain back.  His mouth was dry, the sweat coating his sides felt thick and sticky.  He found himself longing for a beer.
By seven o’clock he’d finished spot-cleaning with the vacuum, he’d wiped down the tables, put the chairs in order.  He locked the vacuum and cart back in the janitor’s closet, went to the elevator, and hit the button for the second floor.
The majority of the ZapPow! employees were divided into three main teams, with a team for each of the second through fourth floors.  Each team worked on separate projects, and competition between the teams was encouraged, with teams vying to finish projects early, and striving to create the most commercially successful games.
The team that occupied the second floor was the newest of the three—labeled Team Noob by the others—and hadn’t yet produced an especially profitable game.  Their one completed project—a strategy game titled FuzzFest, in which players assumed the role of pet shop owners who bred cats for pit fighting—hadn’t been a commercial failure, but it hadn’t achieved the success enjoyed by projects created by the longer-existing teams.  That lack of instant dominance, coupled with their status as the newest team, made Team Noob the underdogs in the building.  They were hungry for respect, and it wasn’t uncommon to find noobs pulling all-nighters, desperate to stay ahead of schedule.
Today was no exception.  As the elevator doors opened, Shane saw that several noobs had worked through the night.  One, wearing a black hoodie, was slumped over a desk in one of the rows in the center of the floor.  His face rested on his keyboard between his arms.  His screen was opened to an animation program showing a blood-splattered cat swinging a chainsaw, again and again in an endless loop.
Another worker, this one wearing a red and green flannel, had made it to a couch near the elevator.  Now he sprawled there like a broken doll, one leg dangling toward the floor.
In a cubicle along the back wall a third noob hunched in his chair, facing a screen filled with lines of code.  He was dressed in a polo shirt, white with black stripes.  His ears were covered with headphones, and the screen’s light illuminated his face with a sickly shade of green.
Numerous Voodoo cans were scattered around each of the noobs, as if they’d tried to use the energy drinks to fuel their all-nighter.  Shane sighed, went to the janitor’s closet, hand fishing for his keychain.  He opened the door and grabbed several trash bags, stuffing all but one in his pocket.  The last bag he whipped open, and then he started filling it with red cans of Voodoo.
The noob on the couch remained motionless as Shane collected the empty cans near him, so still that Shane couldn’t even tell if the guy was breathing.  The noob sprawled over his keyboard didn’t move either, though Shane couldn’t see how the guy could sleep with all those keyboard keys pressing into his face.
Shane tied off the bag, left it there in the aisle.  He pulled another bag from his pocket, whipped it open.  He made his way toward the cubicles along the back wall, went to the cubicle with the guy facing the screen of code.  He squeezed around the guy, grabbing cans.  Seven of them, around this one guy.  Had he drank them all himself?
Shane paused beside the guy, leaned over the desk to look at the guy’s face.  He was slumped in his office chair, hands resting limply in his lap.  His shoulders drooped, his head hanging forward until his forehead nearly touched the screen.  And his eyes were open, staring, unfocused.
Dead.
Chapter 6
Shane stepped back, startled.  The thought of the drunk yuppie he’d seen on 13th came rushing back.  The noob’s eyes were just as raw and red, just as glazed and lifeless.
But the yuppie had been drunk.  Or at least, he’d smelled like booze, and he’d been covered in crusted vomit.
The noob didn’t smell like booze.  He didn’t smell like a rose, either—his stink was closer to a mix of pickles and B.O.—but there was no hint of alcohol in it.
Shane stood there for a moment, looking at the guy’s hunched back, his drooping shoulders and hanging head.  He looked like he’d fallen asleep sitting up.  Maybe the guy was tired enough to sleep with his eyes open?
Suddenly the noob’s shoulders lifted slightly, his head raised up a few inches as he filled his chest with a deep breath.  He sighed it back out, body folding forward as if he were deflating, and his head came to rest on his keyboard.
Shane stepped backwards, carefully exiting the cubicle.  He shook his head.
“They might earn five times more than me,” he said to himself, quietly, “but they’re selling their souls for their jobs.  I’d never pull an all-nighter without serious compensation, but these salary-earning bastards are doing it so often that they’re turning into vegetables.”
He made his way across the floor, collecting cans as he went.  The second bag filled up, and he tied it and left it in the walkway between the cubicles and the rows of desks.  He opened a third bag, kept moving toward the opposite wall.
Tech start-ups were famous for being “unorthodox” work-places.  Usually that meant, in practical terms, that a ping-pong table or a dartboard found its way in amongst the cubicles and desks.  For Team Noob it was a pool table, tucked away in a corner near the far wall.  But the eight ball had gone missing just a few weeks after the table appeared, and the cue ball had followed just a few days after that.  Neither had ever been replaced, and Shane figured the missing balls meant Team Noob was more interested in the pool table as a symbol than as something they actually wanted to use.
He made his way to the table now, saw that a few cans of Voodoo had found their way amongst the colored balls littering the green felt.  One of the sticks had been laid across the table, another was on the floor beneath.  He snatched up the Voodoo cans, threw them in his garbage bag.  And then he kneeled, reaching for the fallen cue stick.
As Shane’s fingers closed over the stick, he heard a low, throaty moan from somewhere back behind him.  He straightened up quickly, cracking his head on the edge of the table.  “Fuck!” he said, clutching at his head with his other hand, eyes squeezed shut from the pain.
The moan repeated, long and low.  Shane got to his feet, one hand still holding the stick, his other hand holding the back of his head.  He opened his eyes and looked toward the sound.
It was still dark in the building, the illumination on this floor coming primarily from the emergency lights mounted in the ceiling, and from the dim glow of the power buttons on the computers and other electrical equipment.  He’d been so wrapped up in his work that he’d failed to take note of that.  Normally enough workers had shown up by this time that someone had turned on the regular lights.  It was past seven now, and no new ZapPow! workers had come in yet that morning, as far as Shane knew.
He looked back across the darkened floor, wondering if he’d imagined the sound.  There was no obvious movement anywhere he could see, except for the flickering lights coming from one computer screen.
And then he realized which screen it was: the screen in the center of the floor, where the noob with the black hoodie had been sleeping with his face on his keyboard.  The screen must have been showing that same loop of the cat swinging the chainsaw, but now the light flickered against an empty chair, shoved back from the table.  The sleeping noob was gone.
Shane scanned the area with his eyes, saw a darkened figure near the end of the row, shuffling slowly toward him.  It was too dim to see much at this distance, but Shane assumed it was the noob.
“Hello,” Shane said.
The figure let out a low moan in response.
“What the fuck?” Shane muttered to himself.  He found his hand tightening on the pool cue, his other hand rising to join it.
“How’s it going?” Shane said.  “You alright?”
The figure moaned again.  He walked with a lurching step, arms hanging limply, head tilted forward so that his eyes looked out from under his brow.  He was about ten paces away.
“You okay, man?” Shane said.  “You feeling alright?”
The noob said nothing, just kept lurching closer, slowly eating up the distance between them.
“Listen, man,” Shane said.  “I’ve had a hell of a morning, and I’m running behind.  I need to get back to work.”
The noob still said nothing.  He was about five steps away now, close enough for Shane to see the dull glimmer of his glazed eyes.
Shane thought of the drunken yuppie.  He took a step back.
“Don’t fuck with me, man,” Shane said.  “I’m not in the mood.”
The noob was so close that Shane could see the impressions the keyboard had left on his face.  His hands lifted slowly, reaching toward Shane.  The whites of his eyes were bloodshot to red.  There was no humor in them, no sense that this was a joke.
Shane lifted the stick, pressed the thick end against the noob’s chest.  He felt the noob’s weight against it, pressing forward, pushing Shane back.  The noob’s arms reached toward Shane, and he took another lurching step forward.
Anger flared in Shane.  He gripped the cue stick tightly with both hands, planted his feet, and shoved back.
The noob stumbled back a few paces.  But as soon as he’d recovered his balance, he lurched toward Shane again.  His eyes were as dead as ever.
And just like that, Shane’s rage turned into something else.
“What the fuck is wrong with this guy?” Shane said aloud, backing away.
The noob was almost on him again.  Shane skirted around the pool table, putting it between himself and the noob.  The noob followed around it, moving slowly, but never pausing.
Shane backed around the table until he’d come all the way around it.  He kept backing away quickly, keeping his eye on the noob, heading toward the elevator.
And then he heard a moan behind him.
He looked over his shoulder, saw the noob with the green and red checkered flannel just behind him.  Shane was moving too quickly to stop.  He managed to turn and get the cue stick up, holding it horizontally, his hands far apart.  And then he crashed into the flannel-clad noob.
The stick caught the Flannel Man across the upper chest, knocking him back.  But the guy lifted his arms up, reaching for Shane, which made the shaft of the stick slide up across his throat.
Shane caught his balance, tried to back away.  But Flannel Man had a hand on the right sleeve of his coveralls, and that hand gripped the fabric like a vise, pulling Shane near.  Shane looked into the noob’s face, saw the same dead, bloodshot eyes, saw the lips pull back from the teeth as though the man wanted to bite.
Near panic, Shane’s foot came slamming up between the man’s legs before he’d had a chance to consider the consequences.
Nothing happened.
He felt the toe of his boot find home, felt the foot collide solidly with the noob’s crotch and bounce back.  But the man’s face showed absolutely no reaction.  He didn’t even lose his grip on Shane’s sleeve.
Like a pot boiling over, the panic Shane felt abruptly flooded over him.  He drove the shaft of the cue hard against the man’s neck, feeling something crunch beneath the wood.  The force of it made the man’s head snap forward even as his body rocked back.  His fingers slipped free from Shane’s sleeve, and Shane took a lunging step forward, shoving with all his might.
The flannel-clad noob stumbled back into the railing, abruptly tipped over it, and fell.
Shane’s momentum brought him to the railing a split second later.  He saw the noob in mid-air, flipping once as he fell.  He landed hard, his lower body coming down on a conference table, which snapped him back at the waist before his legs rebounded and whipped over his head.  His upper body caught the arm of a chair in its descent, but the chair toppled toward the man, doing nothing to break his fall.
“Oh shit!” Shane said.
He couldn’t see the Flannel Man clearly, because the chair had fallen on top of him.  But he could hear him, letting out a long moan.
Chapter 7
Shane ran toward the elevator, punched the call button.  The elevator was still on his level, and the doors opened immediately.  He got in and hit the button for the main floor.  Before the door closed he caught a glimpse of the noob in the black hoodie, headed his way.
The doors opened to the ground floor before he had time to consider that.  He ran across the floor toward the fallen man.
Flannel Man had ended up with his head under the table, his legs stretched back from it, and the chair lying on top of him.  Shane could see his arms moving, but the other chairs blocked his view.
“Wait, wait!” Shane called, halfway there.  “Try not to move!  You might have hurt your back.”
The chair nearest the man abruptly tipped back and fell, as though it’d been shoved.  Shane slowed to a stop, dumbstruck.
He saw the man’s right arm come around, fingers digging into the carpet for purchase.  He’d folded sideways at the waist like a bendable drinking straw.  The other hand came down beside the first, driving the fingers in like claws.  The man was pulling himself out from under the table, dragging his feet behind.
He was pulling himself out from under the table, toward Shane.
Shane stood rooted to the spot, captivated by the sight.  The man drove one hand in after the other, pulling himself forward arm by arm, propping his torso up on his forearms as he crawled.  His legs dragged behind him, completely limp.  His lifted face showed no sign of pain.  His eyes, fixed on Shane, were just as dead as ever.
Flannel Man opened his mouth again, and moaned.
Shane found himself backing away, moving toward the elevator.  He reached back to press the call button, never turning away from the crawling man.  The elevator dinged and its doors slid open, throwing light over Shane’s shoulders.  He stepped back into it, pressed the button for the fifth floor.  He kept his eyes on the crawling man until the doors closed, cutting him off from view.
The elevator made no noise as it climbed.  The silence wrapped around Shane like a cocoon.  On the fifth floor it stopped, the doors opening with a ding.
Shane stepped out onto the landing, peering into the gloom, his eyes having difficulty readjusting because of the comparative brightness of the elevator.  He turned to his right and looked at the white couch.  The leather was still smeared with blood, but Terrance was nowhere to be seen.
“Terrance!”  Shane called out.  “Terrance, where the fuck are you?  I need your help, man!”
He walked to the railing, looked over the side.  It was dark, but he thought he could see Flannel Man down there, dragging himself across the ground floor.
“Terrance!” he called out again.
He looked across the space.  The ZapPow! CEO had his office on the far side, a glass-walled room that took up all of the landing along the far wall.  Two other offices, for the company president and the chief of operations, were built along the longer wall of the landing.  The couches and chairs near Shane were a waiting area of sorts, divided from the rest of the floor by the senior secretary’s desk.  Behind her desk was another meeting area, with a wet bar the CEO kept stocked with expensive liquors and champagne—the guy liked to pop corks, and he took every game launch or earnings report as an opportunity to do so.
Shane’s eyes darted around the area, straining to see in the darkness.  All the little glowing lights—from computer screen savers and power strip bars, from the buttons on the dishwasher built into the wet bar, from the message-indicator lights on the phones—all the little lights burned like sparse Christmas bulbs, in green and red and blue.  But the single brightest source of light was a harsh white shining forth from the bottom of the bathroom door, on the near side of the chief of operations’ office.
“Terrance!” Shane called out again, making his way around the secretary’s desk.
He reached the bathroom door, shoved it open.  The brilliant light in the room, bouncing off the white walls and floor, blinded him.  He flinched his face away, raising his hand to block the light.  The hangover that had faded to a dull headache roared back to full skull-crushing force.
A second later, when the throbbing in his raw brain dimmed enough to let him see again, he dropped his hand and looked.  Terrance was sprawled on the white floor tiles near the toilet, his face resting in a puddle of blood.
“Terrance!”
Shane dropped to his knees by his coworker, grabbing his shoulder.  He rolled him onto his back, saw the crusted blood beneath his nose, the chunks of vomit caught in the stubble on his chin.  Terrance’s eyes were closed, and as Shane rolled his face to the light, he squeezed them tighter shut, raising his injured arm to shade his face.  A low groan slipped out between his full lips.
“Terrance!”
Shane planted a foot on either side of Terrance’s chest, grabbed the front of Terrance’s coveralls with both hands, and hauled him up to a sitting position, his back propped against the wall.
“Terrance, talk to me, man!” Shane said.  He shook Terrance gently.
Terrance groaned again, but still didn’t open his eyes.
“Fuck this,” Shane said to himself.  “I’ve gotta call 911.”
He stood up and turned toward the bathroom door.  Before he got his hand on the handle, he heard a horrible retching sound.  He turned back toward Terrance, saw that his coworker had vomited again, a chunky red mess that sprayed over his legs and ran down his chest.  Before the last of it dribbled from his chin, he tipped sideways and fell, striking his head against the wall.
And then Terrance went into a seizure.
At least, Shane assumed it was a seizure.  He’d only seen something like it once before, years ago, while riding a bus to a poetry reading in North Beach.  An old Chinese man had started rocking in his seat, head pressed against the window.  One of the other passengers had been a nurse, and he’d turned the guy onto his side and shoved a leather wallet between his teeth, to keep him from swallowing his tongue.
There was no nurse there now.  If anyone was going to keep Terrance from swallowing his tongue, it had to be Shane.
He let go of the door, dropped to his knees at Terrance’s side.  Terrance jerked and rocked violently, repeatedly bending at the waist as if he were doing crunches.  His lips pulled back in a grimace, his teeth clacked together.  Shane reached his hands toward Terrance’s mouth, to try to keep him from biting his tongue.
And then something clicked in Shane’s head.
Terrance had been in a fight that morning, and the person had bit him.  The drunk yuppie Shane had encountered on his way to work had tried to bite, too, as had the flannel-clad hipster he’d knocked off the second floor.
Shane froze, his fingers less than six inches away from Terrance’s face.  Terrance had been bitten, and now he was sick.
Shane jerked his hands back, his heart beating so hard that he felt lightheaded.  He stood up and took a step back.  The room seemed to spin around him.
But Terrance was still there, on the floor, convulsing.  A pink froth had gathered at the side of his mouth.  His eyes were squeezed shut, his face a mask of agony.  He jerked at his waist as if someone were kicking him in the stomach repeatedly.
“Fuck, man,” Shane said, raising both his hands to his head.  “Fuck, Terrance.”
A flow of tears started running from Terrance’s squeezed-shut eyes.  A wet, gagging sound forced its way out of his throat.  His face looked grey.
“Fuck!” Shane said, again.  He pulled his rubber gloves from his pocket, jammed his hands into them as he desperately looked around the room.  The first thing that caught his eye was the plunger, standing beside the toilet.
Shane grabbed it, stepped on the rubber bell and jerked the handle free.  He dropped to his knees beside Terrance, forced the side of the handle into his mouth like a horse’s bit.  Terrance’s teeth clamped down on it, sinking into the wood, making fibers of the wood buckle.
Shane put his hand on Terrance’s forehead, pressed it back gently, tilted his head back so that his throat was less constricted.  He put his other hand on Terrance’s shoulder, squeezed it, tried to brace him.
“Come on, Terrance,” Shane said.  “Come on, breathe.”
The violence of Terrance’s jerking seemed to fade slightly.  The wet gagging sound stopped.  A moment later, he went still, limp.  The grimace disappeared from his face, though his complexion still looked sickly grey.  His neck relaxed until the side of his head rested on the ground, and the plunger handle dropped from his mouth.
“Come on, Terrance,” Shane said, voice tight.  “Breathe, man.  Breathe!”
Abruptly, Terrance grimaced again, and coughed hard.  He coughed all the air out of his lungs, gasped in a breath, and went on coughing.  After a minute, the coughing fit passed, and he started drawing long, deep breaths.  Another minute later, his eyes opened.
“Shit,” Terrance murmured.
Shane dropped back onto his rear end, holding his head in his hands.
“Oh thank God,” he said.
Chapter 8
Shane helped Terrance back to a sitting position, his back propped against the wall.  Terrance sat there, arms resting on his propped up knees, head hanging forward.  He blinked his eyes as if he were just waking up, or coming out of a daze.
“Terrance, I’m gonna call for help,” Shane said.  “Stay here a minute.  Relax.  I’ll be right back.”
Terrance nodded his head, coughed again.
Shane got up and opened the bathroom door.  He propped the door open with a trash can, walked over to the secretary’s desk.  He picked up her phone and dialed 911.
And got a busy signal.
“What the fuck?” Shane muttered.  “How can 911 be busy?”
He hung up the phone and tried again.  Still busy.
The phone was a multi-line system, and Shane pressed a button to use a different line.  He called 911 from that line, and heard the same repeated blaring of the busy signal.
“What the fuck is going on?” Shane said.
He went to the meeting area, picked the conference phone off the table, and tried again.  Still busy.
Shane put the phone back in its cradle, walked back toward the bathroom.  Terrance had lifted his head, was looking around the white-tiled room with bleary eyes.
“Terrance,” Shane said, “can I use your cell phone?”
Terrance reached into his pocket, pulled out his smartphone, held it out to Shane.  Shane took the phone and glanced at the screen.
There was an exclamation point in a yellow square on the screen, with a message printed in a box beneath it: “Emergency Warning.  Widespread incidents of mayhem in San Francisco area.  Authorities urge citizens to remain indoors with all entrances secured until further notice.”
“What the fuck?” Shane said.  “What’s ‘mayhem’ supposed to mean?”
Terrance looked up at him, questioning.
“Look at this,” Shane said, handing him the phone.  “Have you ever seen anything like that before?”
Terrance took the phone, looked at the screen.  He coughed gently, cleared his throat.  “I seen messages like this for street shootings in Oakland,” he said, “but I never seen nothing about ‘incidents of mayhem’.”
“Well, can you still use the phone?  I’m trying to call 911, but I can’t get through on any of these landlines.”
“You wanna call the cops?” Terrance said.  “Why?”
“I want to call you an ambulance—”
“Naw, man.  Don’t call no ambulance.”
Shane shook his head, incredulous.  “You just had a fucking seizure!  You’re covered in your own puke and blood.  Plus some fucker bit you this morning, and you still haven’t done nothing about it.”  The thought of the guy in the flannel came back to Shane abruptly.  “And there’s a guy who fell off the second floor.  He’s on the ground floor now, crawling around like he can’t use his legs.”
Terrance looked up at him, eyebrows furrowed.  “What you say?”
“A guy fell over the second floor railing.”
“How he do that?”
“Well…”  Shane looked at Terrance, considering.  “I don’t know, man.  I went to clean the second floor.  Couple guys there.  Looked like they’d pulled an all-nighter.  Two of them started acting kinda weird.”
“Weird how?”
“I don’t know.  Weird.  Lurching around.  Moaning.”
Terrance’s gaze stayed locked on Shane’s eyes.  The dazed look he’d had a second ago was gone.
“Lemme see this guy,” Terrance said, bracing a hand on the floor as if he were about to stand.
“Hold on,” Shane said, stepping toward him.  “Maybe you should relax for a minute.  You just had a seizure.”
“Fuck your fucking seizure,” Terrance said, glaring.
He pushed himself up off the floor heavily, swayed as if he might fall, braced himself with a hand against the wall.
“You don’t look so good, man,” Shane said.  “Maybe you should sit down for a while.”
Terrance gave him another hard look.  He took a lurching step away from the wall, almost lost his balance again, but glared when Shane stepped forward to help him.  He walked out of the bathroom unsteadily, made his way to the railing.  He gripped the railing with both hands and looked over.
“I don’t see nothin’,” he said, after a minute.
Shane came up beside him, looked over.  It was still dark, especially after the brightness of the bathroom, but it wasn’t as dark as it had been earlier.  Shane looked up at the skylights in the ceiling, saw that they were a very dim grey.  Dawn had broken.
“What time is it?” he asked.
Terrance looked at him.  “Know sumthin’?” he said, “you’re the only fucker I know without a cell phone.”
“I ain’t got the money for a phone,” Shane said.  “Ain’t got nobody to call, anyway,” he muttered.
Terrance shook his head, looked down at his own phone.  “It’s seven forty.”
“Seven forty, and still the lights aren’t on.”
“Where’s your man?” Terrance asked, looking back over the railing.  “I don’t see nobody.”
“I don’t know,” Shane said.  “Maybe he’s under the second-floor overhang.  Maybe he left.”
“I thought you said he couldn’t use his legs.”
“Maybe I was wrong.  Or maybe it was just temporary.”
“Temporary,” Terrance said, giving him a look.
“I don’t know,” Shane said, irritated.  He noticed how Terrance seemed to cling to the railing, as though he still didn’t feel steady on his feet.  “Yeah, temporary.  Just a few minutes ago you were flopping on the bathroom floor, but now you’re up giving me shit.  Guess your seizure was temporary, too.”
Terrance’s look turned darker.
“Come on,” Terrance said.  “We going down there.”
Chapter 9
Before Shane could reply, Terrance had lurched away from the railing.  He walked toward the elevator with a purposeful, though still unsteady, stride.
“I still think you ought to sit down for a minute,” Shane said.
Terrance said nothing in reply.  He reached out and jabbed the elevator call button.  It opened immediately, and he stepped through the doors.  Shane followed.
“You playing pool this mornin’?” Terrance said, pressing the button for the ground floor.  The pool cue was leaning in the corner of the elevator.  Shane had forgotten all about it.
“I was cleaning up around the pool table when the fuckers came at me,” he said, he stepped back to the pool cue and took hold of it.
“Came at you?”
“Yeah,” Shane mumbled.
“So this guy that fell off the railing, he have any help with that?”
Shane looked at the doors, saying nothing.
The elevator reached the ground floor.  The bell dinged, the doors slid open.
And there on the floor was the Flannel Man, waiting.
“Shit!” Shane said, stepping back.
Terrance didn’t move as quickly.  The Flannel Man reached out with both hands, caught hold of his leg.  Terrance tried to jerk his leg free, but the Flannel Man didn’t let go.  He pulled himself toward Terrance’s leg, his own legs still dragging behind him.  He opened his mouth, sinking his teeth into Terrance’s shin.
Terrance screamed and fell backwards.
Without thinking, Shane swung the thick end of the pool cue into the Flannel Man’s temple.  Flannel Man’s head rocked to the side, his teeth tearing free, but the pool cue snapped in half at its middle.
Terrance was on the floor, his head and shoulders pressed against the elevator wall.  He drew up his free leg, still screaming, and aimed a kick at Flannel Man’s face.
It was a glancing blow, enough to knock Flannel Man’s face to the side, but not enough to slow him down.  He lurched forward and sank his teeth into the meat above Terrance’s knee, which made Terrance scream even louder.  He raised his hands to Terrance’s chest, lifted his face, and started pulling himself toward Terrance’s neck.
Shane dropped to his knees, and jammed the point of the stick into Flannel Man’s eye with both hands.  There was a moment of resistance, and then the stick abruptly slipped half a foot into the man’s head.
Flannel Man went limp, his fingers losing their grip on Terrance’s coveralls.  A dark flood of blood poured from his gaping eye socket, spilling across Terrance’s chest.
“Get him off me!” Terrance screamed.  “Get this fucker off me!”
Shane grabbed the man by the shoulders of his flannel, dragged him off of Terrance and outside of the elevator.  He dropped the man front-side down, the pool cue sticking out of the man’s head making his neck twist to the side.  A widening blood stain spread across the carpet from the man’s face.
Shane stood there, looking down at the man.  He felt as if the air in the building had thickened instantaneously, as if he were buried in a pit of mud.  He could feel the weight of it pressing against him, making it hard for him to breathe.  And then a flash of heat rolled over his body, and he started shaking like he had a palsy.  His stomach lurched, and he turned to the side and vomited onto the floor.
“Shane!” Terrance called from the elevator.  “Shane, you alright out there!  Say something, bro.”
Shane shook his head.  He spit onto the floor, wiped his mouth with the back of his sleeve.  And then he realized he was still wearing the rubber gloves.  The brilliant yellow of the rubber almost seemed to glow in the dim light, except for where the gloves had been covered with blood.
“Shane, help me out, bro!” Terrance called.  “Don’t leave me in here!”
Shane shook his head again.  He took a step back toward the elevator, making a point of not looking at Flannel Man’s body.
Terrance had propped himself up against the elevator wall.  He looked up at Shane when Shane stepped into sight.
“Shane, man, help me out,” he said.  “Help a brother out.”  He raised one arm up toward Shane, the other pushing himself off the ground.
Shane took his arm, helped haul him to his feet.  Terrance stood leaning against the elevator wall, his hands gripping the waist-high rail for support.  He had all of his weight on his uninjured leg.  His face looked drawn and pale beneath his dark skin.  His head was tilted back, eyes squeezed shut, and he was breathing in sharp gasps.
“We gotta get you to a hospital,” Shane said.
“Yeah, man,” Terrance said.  “Yeah we do.  But first things first.”
He paused.  He opened his eyes and caught Shane with a serious look.
“First things first,” Terrance said.  “And first thing we gotta do is get my muh-fuckin’ gun.”
Chapter 10
Shane looked Terrance in the eye, surprise cutting through his dazed state.
“You’ve got a gun?” he asked.
“Fuck yeah I got a gun.” Terrance said.  “I’m from Oakland, remember?”
“You’ve got a gun on you.  Now.  At work?”
“Naw man.  You think I’m dumb?  I know better than to pack heat on my person when I’m at work.”
Shane shook his head.  “For a minute there you had me thinking—”
“It’s in my locker,” Terrance said, cutting him off.
Shane looked at him, dumbfounded.
“You gotta help me get there,” Terrance said.  “Fuckin’ noob tore up my leg.  I need you to help me walk.”
“You’re serious?  You’ve got a gun here at work, and you want me to help you get it?”
“Does it look like I’m playing with you,” Terrance said, voice getting louder.  “Fuckin’ crazy-ass cracker bites my arm this mornin’, another chews up my goddamn leg, and you trippin’ over me having a fuckin’ piece at work!  Fuckin’ yuppie crackers goin’ crazy, like they think brothas be made of chocolate or sumthin’, and you trippin’ over a mother fuckin’ piece!”
There was a loud crash from outside the elevator.
“The fuck was that?” Terrance said, his voice back to whisper volume.
Shane looked him in the eye, his face grim.  He stepped to the elevator door, leaned forward cautiously and looked out.
The flannel-clad corpse hadn’t moved.  Shane let his eyes skirt over it quickly, and he scanned the rest of the ground level.
Another loud crash sounded.  It had come from the third floor.
Shane took another cautious step out of the elevator, and looked up.  A handful of papers drifted through the air, sliding and flipping as they fell, making Shane think of confetti.  He looked past the papers, thought he saw movement behind the third floor railing.
He stepped back into the elevator.  Terrance watched him intently, a film of sweat on his brow.
“Something’s moving up on the third floor,” Shane said.  “I think there’s somebody up there, knocking furniture over.”
Before Terrance could respond, another crash sounded, louder and closer than the others.  Shane turned and looked back onto the main floor.  Something had landed amongst the chairs lined up in front of the low stage.
“What is it?” Terrance said.
“I don’t know,” Shane replied.  “Something fell.”
He took a few cautious steps out of the elevator, moving toward the stage.  He saw movement there, chairs being shoved around by something on the floor.  And then a man lurched to his feet, knocking a chair over as he stood.  He wore a white, long sleeve dress shirt.  The shirt was pulled askew so that his right shoulder was bare, and there was a dark stain across the front of his chest.
The man turned toward Shane, and started lurching in his direction.  He didn’t bother to push chairs aside with his hands, he just lurched forward, knocking them aside with his body.
“Fuck,” Shane said.
“What?” Terrance said from the elevator, his voice tight.
“It’s another one,” Shane said, turning back.
“Another?”
“Yeah.”
The man had cleared the chairs, and was now lurching slowly across the open floor.  Something was wrong with one of his legs—it was bent sideways at the knee, and twisted so that the toe of that shoe pointed out.  Something was wrong with his posture, too.  His back was tweaked, the left shoulder hanging lower than his right, that arm dangling straight down in front of him so that it bumped against his knee with each lurching step.
“Well,” Terrance said, voice rough, as though he were having trouble getting enough air for a breath, “shit.”
“He’s almost at the tunnel already,” Shane said.  “He isn’t very fast, but he’s coming this way.  What do you want to do?”
Terrance didn’t say anything.  Shane kept his eye on the man in the white shirt.  He could hear Terrance behind him; his breathing seemed more of a struggle with each breath.  White Shirt raised his head as he passed the tunnel, opened his mouth, and let out a long moan.
“What do you want to do?” Shane said.
He turned and looked back at Terrance.  
Terrance had his eyes squeezed shut, as though he were in agony.  His whole face was glazed with sweat, and the parts of his coveralls that weren’t covered in blood looked dark from perspiration.  His hands held the elevator rail with a white-knuckle grip but, as Shane watched, Terrance sagged sideways until his shoulder touched the elevator wall.
“Fuck,” Shane said.
White Shirt was only a dozen paces away from them, now.
“Fuck,” Shane said again.
Shane stepped the rest of the way into the elevator, and reached out to hit the button for the fifth floor.
“If these fuckers learn to use the elevator,” he said as the twin doors slid shut, “we’ll really be fucked.”
Chapter 11
Terrance stood several inches taller than Shane, and probably weighed at least fifty pounds more.  And Terrance had suddenly become so weak that he could hardly stand on his own, let alone move.  Shane thought of that as he struggled his larger co-worker the relatively short distance from the elevator to the couch.  There was no way they’d be able to outrun the man in the white shirt, even though the fellow lurched like a drunk.
Shane went to the secretary’s phone to try another 911 call.  But this time, when he lifted the receiver from its cradle, the line was dead.  The skylight had brightened somewhat, drawing light from the typical foggy gloom of San Francisco’s sky, but the main lights still hadn’t turned on.
“Phones are dead, Terrance,” Shane said.  “Lights still aren’t working, either.”
His co-worker, who had started shivering despite the sweat that coated his face, said nothing in response.
Shane watched him for a minute.  He walked over to the fridge at the wet bar, pulled it open.  It was fully stocked: glass bottles of spring water, exotic teas, kombucha blends, a few fancy Belgian beers.  There were even a few cans of Voodoo.
He took off his gloves, folded them and put them in his pocket.  Then he pulled out a bottle of water for Terrance, and looked at it, frowning.
“Figures,” Shane muttered.  “They dam the Hetch Hetchy river to bring water to San Francisco, destroying a valley as beautiful as Yosemite, and the yuppies won’t even drink it.”
Shane grabbed a beer for himself and walked back over to the couch.
“Terrance,” he said.  “Terrance, have some water.”
He held the bottle out, but Terrance made no move for it.
“Terrance, you’re sweating like a pig.  Drink some water.”
Still no response.
Shane sighed.  He put his beer on the floor, reached in his pocket for his house keys.  The cap on the spring water needed a bottle opener, and he had one on his keys.
He pried the cap off the bottle, and held the water out to Terrance again.
“Terrance,” he said, “drink.”
Terrance made no move for the bottle.  His eyes were still shut, but they weren’t squeezed tight anymore.  His body still shivered, but it came in brief waves, and wasn’t as violent as the trembling of just a few moments before.
Shane held the bottle out for a minute, but when his co-worker made no move for it, Shane brought the bottle to his lips for him.
“Drink, man,” he said, tipping the bottle gently.
A sip of water flowed into Terrance’s mouth.  Immediately, Terrance sat up coughing and sputtering, eyes wild.  He swung his arm, knocking the bottle out of Shane’s hand.
“What the fuck!”  Shane said.
“No!” Terrance said.  “No water.”  His eyes were glazed, bloodshot.
“Terrance, you look like shit,” Shane said.  “We gotta get you to a hospital.”
“No water,” Terrance said, falling back against the couch and closing his eyes.
“Fine, whatever.”
Shane picked up the bottle of beer, pried off the top.  He dropped the cap on the floor and took a long pull from the bottle.  He let out a deep sigh, and took another long pull, finishing the bottle off.
“Thank god,” Shane said.  For a moment he thought of going back to the fridge for another beer, but he looked at Terrance and decided against it.
“Terrance,” Shane said, “let me try your cell again.”
Terrance made no response.
“Terrance, the land lines are dead.  Let me use your cell.”
Still no response.  Terrance looked almost as if he’d deflated some, or sunk down into the cushions.  He looked smaller, gray in the dim light, unnaturally still.  He took a slow breath, let it out.  It seemed like a long time before he took another.
Shane reached for Terrance’s unhurt arm, touched his fingers to it gingerly.  No response.  He lifted Terrance’s hand, pressed two fingers to his wrist.  The pulse was there, but barely—a sluggish, weak thing against Shane’s fingers.
“Fuck,” Shane said.
He pulled his gloves back out of his pocket, slipped them on.  Carefully, he reached into Terrance’s pocket, fingers probing for the cell phone.  He found the phone and pulled it out.  He stood up and took a step back from Terrance, looked down at the screen.
There were two yellow-boxed exclamation points now.  The message below them read: “Emergency Warning.  San Francisco area apparently experiencing outbreak of unknown pathogen, extremely virulent in nature.  Compromised individuals display excessively aggressive behavior.  Infection apparently transmitted orally, through bites.  Citizens are urged to stay indoors with all entrances secured until further notice.”
“Unknown pathogen,” Shane muttered to himself.  “Spread through bites.  Excessively aggressive behavior.”
He looked at Terrance, who had gone still on the couch.  His left sleeve was still pushed up, the bloody rag wrapped around his forearm.  The left leg of his coveralls was torn and bloody in two places, where he’d been bitten by the Flannel Man.
Shane looked at Terrance, still and gray on the couch.
“Gonna need something a lot stronger than beer,” he said, walking back to the bar.
Chapter 12
He was spoiled for choice.  The wet bar was very well stocked—all expensive brands, stuff he could never afford on his own.
He snatched a bottle up with eager hands, looking at the label.  A brandy imported from France.  He dropped it back in place and reached for a square bottle with its purple, wax-sealed lid still intact.  Scotch, the real kind, shipped over from Scotland.  He held it, considering, until a square box near the back of the bar caught his attention.  He put the Scotch down, reached for the box with both hands.  It was made of a rich-colored wood, and branded with a skull and crossbones.  He held it reverently for a moment, his head bowed, and then flipped the lid back.  Rum 151.  Perfect.
A quick search of the bar rewarded Shane with a knife for cutting limes.  He found a box of cigars, too, with a stainless steel lighter.  He took the lighter, leaving the cigars behind.
Shane walked back to the couch, rum in one hand, knife and lighter in the other.  He stood looking down at his co-worker for a moment, trying to build up his courage.  Terrance hadn’t moved at all in several minutes, except for the occasional swelling of his chest with a breath.  And the breaths were pretty far apart at this point.
“Hopefully that means you won’t even feel it, buddy,” he said.  He glanced at Terrance’s face briefly, but quickly looked away.
Shane got down on his knees at the side of the couch.  He slipped the lighter into his pocket, reached forward with the knife.  Its serrated edge caught on the fabric of Terrance’s coveralls, but he was able to cut the fabric back from the places where his co-worker had been bit.
The wound just above Terrance’s knee was pretty nasty, a ragged hole torn in his brown skin, revealing a layer of lumpy yellow fat and dark muscle tissue beneath.  But it was the bite to his shin that made Shane’s stomach lurch.  The skin pulled away like a flap, showing bone so white that it almost seemed to glow in the dim light.
Shane closed his eyes for a moment, concentrating on the feel of the air he was pulling through his clenched teeth.  He counted to ten, and opened his eyes again, trying to see things coldly, dispassionately; trying to shut off the part of his mind that made him want to throw up, or faint, or both.
It wasn’t easy—it was almost like trying to keep two completely separate thoughts running in his mind at the same time—but he was able to do it.  Both wounds had blood weeping from them, though it was a pretty slow flow.  Shane didn’t know whether that meant Terrance’s blood had clotted around the wounds, or that his heart had slowed to the point where it was barely moving blood anymore.  In either case, he was relieved to see no sign of damaged arteries, no gushing fluids.
The emergency message on the phone had mentioned infection resulting from bites.  Shane brought the rum bottle to his mouth, pulled the cork out with his teeth.  It made a cheery sound when it pulled free, and Shane almost smiled despite himself.  He spit the cork out, and upended the bottle over Terrance’s wounds.
Terrance hissed softly as the alcohol splashed over the gaping tears in his skin.  It wasn’t a dramatic reaction, but it gave Shane hope.  Maybe Terrance wasn’t all the way gone yet.  Maybe he could still make it back.
But just to be sure, Shane reached through the pocket slit of his coveralls and undid his belt.  He pulled it free, used the knife to pierce a new hole.  And then he wrapped the belt under Terrance’s chin, pulled it tight, and fastened it at the top of his head, strapping Terrance’s jaw shut.
If Terrance did succumb to infection, Shane hoped he’d be as unthinking as the other people seemed to be, and hopefully that’d be unthinking enough to not undo a belt.  It was a stretch, Shane knew, but it didn’t hurt to try.
Unthinking.  Thoughtless.  That’s what the infected people seemed to be.  Shane wouldn’t mind a bit of that feeling himself, right now.
He looked down at the rum bottle in his hand.  He’d used about half of it dousing Terrance’s wounds, and now he raised the rum bottle to his lips and took a long draw from what was left.  The rum roared through him, blazing in his throat and sinuses like a firestorm, the sensation swelling to fill his head with a brief moment of oblivion.  He squeezed his eyes shut, holding on.
And then he heard a bright ding.
Shane opened his eyes, jaw clenched, heart ramping up.  He looked over at the elevator.
The doors slid open, and there was White Shirt.
Chapter 13
For a long moment Shane stayed frozen in place, kneeling beside the couch.  He hadn’t even heard the elevator descend, though he supposed he’d been a bit distracted.  In any case, White Shirt had called the elevator, had ridden it to the top floor.  He was here.
He had called the elevator.  He had ridden it to the top floor, following them.  Did that mean he wasn’t as far gone as Shane had thought?  Did that mean he still had a thinking mind in his head?
And what the fuck was he doing?
Shane’s last glimpse of the white-shirted worker had been of the man shuffling across the ground floor.  Now he was kneeling on the elevator floor, his face pressed to the carpet.  Shane watched, incredulous, as the white-shirted worker opened his mouth, and licked a dark patch on the carpet.  And then Shane realized: White Shirt was lapping at Terrance’s blood.
Shane stood up slowly, careful not to make a sound.  But White Shirt paused abruptly, lifted his head.  He looked as if he were listening, or focusing with some other sense.  He lurched to his feet, slow and stiff, and turned to look at Shane.
“Listen,” Shane said.  “Can you hear me?  Do you understand what I’m saying.”
White Shirt lifted his right arm, reached toward Shane, fingers eager.  He opened his mouth, breathed out a moan.  Was there a sense of emotion in the moan? Shane wondered.  A sense of yearning, or despair?
“Can you understand me?” Shane asked, pronouncing each word carefully, as if he were trying to communicate with someone who didn’t speak his language.  “Do.  You.  Understand?”
White Shirt came lurching out of the elevator, shuffling toward Shane.  His hand reaching.  He moaned again.
Shane glanced down at Terrance, who looked as still as a corpse.  He looked back at White Shirt.  White Shirt, who had called the elevator and ridden it up to their level.
“Do you want help?” Shane said, wondering what the man understood.  Desperately hoping he understood something.  Shane licked his lips nervously.  “Do you want to hurt us?”
White Shirt kept shuffling forward.  He had come within a single stride of the couch.  His good arm reached toward Shane.
Shane reached out with his own hand cautiously, the yellow rubber glove bright even in the dim light.  He reached out as if to shake.
And White Shirt gripped his hand.
But his eyes were dead.  There was no sense of yearning, or sadness, or hunger—or even rage—in those eyes.  There was nothing human there at all.
Shane felt White Shirt’s fingers clamping down on his hand.  He felt his hand being pulled.  He saw White Shirt’s lips drawing back, teeth bared, head bending toward Shane’s arm.
And Shane knew, in that instant, that sympathizing with one of these dead things was utter folly.
Shane had the rum bottle by the neck in his other hand.  He swung the bottle into the side of White Shirt’s head with all of his might.
The bottle exploded into shards of glass and a spray of rum.  The smell of the alcohol filled the air.
White Shirt’s head was knocked to his left, his neck and shoulders following, throwing his weight onto his bad leg.  The leg folded sideways, and he toppled to the ground, almost pulling Shane down with him.
But Shane kept his feet, stumbling over White Shirt’s body.  He stepped to White Shirt’s far side, trying to pull his hand free.  When White Shirt’s grip didn’t loosen, Shane raised his boot and stomped down on the man’s face with his heel.
White Shirt still didn’t let go.
In a sudden desperation, Shane stomped on the man’s face again.  And again.  He kept stomping, driving his heel down onto the man’s face with mounting frenzy.  He felt the man’s bones collapsing with each cruel blow—the nose flattening, the right cheek caving in, the eye socket’s rim crumpling, the teeth breaking loose.
But still the man wouldn’t let go of Shane’s hand.
Shane’s fear and desperation grew with each stomp.  In just a few seconds he felt nearly unhinged from panic.  He gave up on the stomping, started a series of vicious kicks, driving his steel-toe into the man’s temple.  The side of the man’s head seemed to give way, to crumple inward, the eye on that side bulged and split like a grape.
And still the man wouldn’t let go.
In utter panic, Shane threw himself back from the white-shirt-wearing man.  He planted his feet, driving with his legs, leaning his whole body away.
And finally, abruptly, his hand slipped loose from the rubber glove.  The suddenness of the release sent Shane sprawling to the floor.
He scrambled back quickly, a painful rawness in his throat telling him he’d been screaming.  His back hit the secretary’s desk, and he stopped his scrambling, sat with his head spinning and his lungs burning, his eyes fixed on the prone body of the white shirt man.  A vivid surge of nausea flashed through him, and he pitched to his side, retching.
For a moment, everything was quiet, still.  And then Shane heard a throaty gasp, a wet sucking-in of air.
A moment later, White Shirt let out a moan.
And then he rolled to his side, his ruined head hanging loosely, and started trying to stand.
Chapter 14
“Oh my god,” Shane said.  “Oh my god, no.”
White Shirt pushed himself up with his right arm, got his knees under him.
Fear and horror and despair flooded through Shane, the emotions making his eyes fill, his vision blur.
“Please, god,” he said, “please, no.”
White Shirt tried to stand, but his ruined leg wouldn’t hold his weight.  He collapsed back to his knees.
Shane pulled in a deep breath, blinking away the tears.  He pulled in another breath, concentrating on the feel of the air in his lungs, the burning in his throat.
White Shirt tried to stand again, and fell once more.  He got to his knees, stayed there.  He swung his head around, searching.  He paused, head pointed in the direction of the couch.
He started crawling toward Terrance.
Shane took another deep breath, focusing on the feeling, trying to make his thoughts go calm.  Trying to find stillness in his mind.
“Okay,” he said.  And a moment later: “Okay.”
He got to his feet.  He walked toward White Shirt, reaching into his pocket.  He pulled the square lighter out.  It was the type of lighter with a flint-wheel and a cloth wick.  Shane flicked the wheel, lighting the wick.
He grabbed White Shirt by the collar, jerking him back from the couch.  He dragged the man away from Terrance, and then touched the lighter to the man’s rum-soaked shirt.
The flame caught instantly, flaring so hot that Shane could feel it through the rubber glove on his left hand.  He let go of White Shirt, stepping back from the flame that quickly enveloped the man’s battered head.  Acrid black smoke billowed up toward the skylight.  A rich, barbeque smell filled the air.  Shane watched the smoke, wondering if the fire-sprinkler system was working, or if it was offline, like the lights.
White Shirt let out another moan, rolling onto his belly, struggling onto his knees.
And then he fell back onto his belly.  His arms and legs moved for another several seconds, and then stopped.
The initial flare of the fire started to dim along the man’s head.  Tongues of flame licked across his back, but died out as the shirt turned to ash.  The rum had burned off before the heat could build enough to ignite the man’s fat.  But apparently it had been enough to boil his brain, or to sear his lungs and suffocate him.
Within a few minutes, the flames had almost entirely died.  The man’s head was blackened and charred, and the flames had burned a black halo in the carpet around his upper body.
Shane went back to the couch, looked down at Terrance.
“You’re right,” he said, “we need to get your gun.”
Shane went to the janitor’s closet on the top floor, opened it and pulled out the cart.  He took all of the cleaning supplies off the cart, removed the trash bag that hung from it, and wheeled it over to the couch.
Terrance still hadn’t moved.  Shane watched him, counting slowly.  After thirty seconds Terrance drew a shallow breath, and let it back out.  He was still alive.
Shane pulled the top of the cart off, leaving the wheeled base, which he positioned on the floor near Terrance’s upper body.  Then he grabbed Terrance by the front of his coveralls, and heaved him off the couch and onto the cart base.  The cart base was wide enough for his shoulders, but it was only long enough to support Terrance from the nape of his neck to his lower back.  His head dangled off one end, and his hips and legs dangled off the other.
Shane crossed Terrance’s arms over his chest to keep them from dragging.  Then he walked around to Terrance’s legs, grabbed an ankle in each hand, and lifted.  He pulled Terrance over to the elevator, dragging him by his legs.
The elevator opened immediately, and Shane struggled Terrance into it.  He turned and looked at the buttons, and noticed something.
There had been blood on the button for the fifth floor, which is what gave Shane the clue that led him to Terrance earlier in the day.  He’d gotten blood on the elevator call button on the fifth floor himself, and wiped that off.  But he’d never touched the blood on this button, inside the elevator, figuring Terrance could and should be the one to do it.
There was no blood there now.
Shane frowned, thinking.  It didn’t look like Terrance had done any cleaning on the fifth floor, and Shane doubted he’d gotten back in the elevator at all.  More likely he’d stayed on the couch after Shane left him, and had only moved to the bathroom later, when he’d started throwing up.
Who had cleaned this button?
He crouched down to look at it.  There was no blood, but there was a thin film of something on the button, and smeared on the metal beside it.  Something mostly clear, but with a slight sheen, like a snail’s trail.  Along the edge of the button, the film was marked with a few small circles, as though there had been a slight froth of bubbles there, which had popped as the liquid dried.
Shane stood back up, still thinking.  And then he thought of White Shirt, kneeling in the elevator, licking Terrance’s blood.
Shane felt a crazy laugh bubbling up in him.  Was that the answer?  Could it really be something that random?
Did White Shirt remember how to press an elevator button, or had he pressed the button accidentally, while licking the blood off it?
The laugh swelled in Shane’s chest until he couldn’t hold it back.  He opened his mouth, letting the laughter pour forth.  He laughed all the air out of his lungs, went on wheezing.  His head swam and his knees felt suddenly weak, and he put a hand against the elevator wall to steady himself.  He gasped in another breath, and laughed that out too, his cheeks aching, his eyes flooded with tears.  Heat rushing over him, his ribs sore.  The laughter sounded wild in his ears, maniacal, but he couldn’t hold it back.  He felt as if he was about to burst.
And then he caught a glimpse of Terrance, just a glimpse, as if he were looking out at his coworker from within a fog of mirth.  Terrance’s jaw was working, trying to open, but prevented from doing so by the belt wrapped around his head.  And his eyes were open, the whites bloodshot to vivid pink, the skin around them darkened even beyond the darkness of the rest of his face.  His eyes were open, looking at Shane.
And his eyes looked confused.
It wasn’t the dead look Shane had seen in the eyes of White Shirt or Flannel Man.  It was a look of puzzlement.  Exhaustion was in his eyes too, but confusion and curiosity were undeniably there.
The wild laughter that had possessed Shane disappeared instantly, like a flame doused with water.
“Terrance!” he said.
Shane dropped to his knees, hands flying to the belt.  He loosened the belt, took it off of Terrance’s head.  Terrance moved his lips, trying to speak.  He pulled in a breath, and tried again.
“Crazy?” he said in a murmur.
“I’m getting there, man,” Shane said, smiling.  “I’m getting there.  But not yet.”
Terrance’s eyes held that same puzzled look, but he didn’t try to say anything else.
“Come on,” Shane said.  “We’re going to get your gun.”
He reached out and hit the button for the ground floor.  The doors slid shut, and the elevator started its descent.
Chapter 15
As the elevator neared the ground floor, Shane abruptly tensed.  Was there going to be anyone else waiting for them when the doors opened?
He pushed Terrance toward the back.  The thick end of the pool cue was on the elevator floor.  Shane snatched it up, held it in front of him like a knife.
The elevator dinged and the doors opened.  There wasn’t anyone directly in front of them, just the Flannel Man’s motionless body off to the side.
Shane stuck his head out, looked around the dim floor.  The light streaming down from the skylight in the roof, five stories up, cast a weak illumination on the center of the floor.  But the sides of the rooms were shaded by the upper floors, and the weak light made the shadowed areas seem even darker.
Shane ducked back into the elevator.  He dropped the broken pool cue, grabbed Terrance’s boots, and pulled him out.  The wheels bumped going over the gap between the elevator and the floor, and the bump made Terrance’s arms slide off his chest, so they dragged on the ground.
“Fuck,” Shane said.
He stopped pulling, put Terrance’s heels down and went back to do something about his hands.  He saw Terrance’s eyes watching him as he kneeled.
“Gotta keep your hands from dragging,” he said.
Terrance’s chin dipped in an almost imperceptible nod.  His eyes blinked.
Shane took his hands, crossed them over his chest again.  He didn’t have anything to loop around Terrance’s wrists, to keep his hands together.  He didn’t have any rope or string, not even a trash bag.  He didn’t want to leave Terrance behind while he looked for something.
But he had an idea.
The coveralls they wore had a zipper that went down the front, from neck to crotch.  They also had a button at the neck, which Shane had never used.  Now he fastened Terrance’s button, and started pulling his zipper.  His plan was to open the zipper to just below his hands, and then to curl Terrance’s fingers around the edges of the open zipper.  He hoped the button would keep the front of the coveralls taut enough to hold Terrance’s hands in place.
He pulled the zipper down to just below Terrance’s sternum.  There was something there, on his chest, glimmering in the dim light.  A thick gold cross, hanging from a heavy chain.  It looked like it needed a polish—certainly didn’t look new—but Shane had never seen it before.
Shane took hold of the chain with both hands, slipped it over Terrance’s head.  He held it up, looking at the length of the chain, the size of the cross, considering.  Perhaps he could use it to bind Terrance’s hands together.
He looked back at Terrance.
Terrance was watching him carefully.  His eyes looked sunken and bloodshot, but his gaze was intent.
“I can use the chain to hold your hands together,” Shane said.
Terrance’s nose moved to the side slightly, a hint of a headshake telling Shane no.
“You want me to put it back on your neck?” Shane asked.
There was a moment’s pause, Terrance watching him.  And then another tiny headshake.
“Want me to put it in your pocket or something?” Shane asked.
Terrance’s nose twitched again, another headshake.
“What do you want me to do with it, then?”
Terrance pulled in a deep breath.  It took him a long time to do it, and he paused at one point, as if he had to gather his energy in order to keep drawing air.
He breathed it back out, lips forming the air into words.
“Shai… lene,” he said.
“Shailene?” Shane asked.  “Whose Shailene?”
Another slow breath.
“Bay… be.”
“Baby?  Shailene’s your baby?  You got a kid?”
Terrance frowned.  Frustration showed in his eyes.
“Is she your girlfriend?” A sudden thought came to Shane.  “She’s your baby mama?”
The chin dip: yes.
“You want me to give this chain to your baby mama?”
There was a fierce look in Terrance’s eye, and his chin dipped again.
“Man, you can give it to her yourself,” Shane said.
Terrance’s eyes blazed with frustration.  His brow furrowed.
“Alright,” Shane said.  “I’ll hold onto it for now.  If something happens to you, I’ll make sure she gets it.”
Another chin dip.  A look of profound relief came to life in Terrance’s eyes, and a moment after that, a look of sadness.  His eyelids closed, and a tear rolled out of the corner of each eye, racing across his temples.
“Alright,” Shane said, standing.  “Okay.”  He put the chain and cross in his pocket.  “Let’s go get your gun.”
Shane took hold of Terrance’s feet, lifted them and dragged him reverse-wheelbarrow style.  And then, as he came out from under the second floor overhang and into the dim light of the open floor, a sound made him freeze in place, goosebumps prickling his skin.
It started out as an eerie moan, from up and to the right.  But then a second moan joined it, coming from the left.  And then a third and fourth moan added to the sound, from somewhere higher up.  The moans continued, long and mournful, swelling in volume as the new voices joined, and yet not blending in any harmonious way.  It was a discordant, haunting, horrible sound.
Shane turned his head slowly, almost too afraid to look.  He raised his eyes to the second floor railing.
The noob in the black hoodie was there, standing at the second floor railing like a specter of death, his face hidden in the hood’s shadow.  There was another figure up on the third floor, dressed in a sky-blue v-neck shirt.  And on the fourth floor—the home floor for Team CREAM—a fat, pasty-faced man with an oversized diamond drawn on his shirt, and a ball cap backward on his head, loomed at the railing, 
Shane watched them, horrified, as they tipped over the railing one by one, plummeting toward the ground floor.
Chapter 16
The fat man flipped as he fell, and his head struck the railing on the third floor with an awful, metallic clang, knocking the ball cap loose.  The force of that impact projected him farther out into the room and amplified the speed of his flipping body, whipping him head over heels.  His face dashed against the ground an instant before his heavy body, so that his head was wrenched backwards before being crushed beneath his shoulders, the impact shaking the floor beneath Shane’s feet.  He lay motionless after landing.
Black Hoodie and the man in the blue v-neck were much lighter.  V-neck came down flat on a conference table, his hands and knees hitting first, his face cracking into the wood an instant later.  He was dragging himself off the table before Black Hoodie crashed down atop a plush leather chair.
After the initial shocked pause, Shane didn’t hesitate.  He tightened his grip on Terrance’s ankles, and leaned forward into a sprint.
He didn’t make it three steps.  There had been four voices moaning in the eerie chorus.  The fourth voice belonged to the man in the polo shirt, who Shane had seen earlier that morning, in front of his computer on the second floor.  Polo shirt came down from the landing just above Shane’s head, crashing bodily into Terrance’s uplifted legs.
The impact knocked Shane’s grip loose, and the man’s weight dropped onto his own legs, tumbling him forward in a sprawl.  He got his hands in front of him in time to keep his face from hitting the floor, but a flash of sharp pain shot up his left arm from the wrist.
Shane rolled desperately, jamming his right hand—still bare since he’d lost that glove to White Shirt on the top floor—into his pocket for the lime knife.  Polo Shirt had skidded on his face as he hit, raw rug-burns pinking his cheek.  But his dead eyes showed no sign of pain, and his fingers clawed at Shane’s pant leg.
Shane’s right hand found the knife.  He jerked it out of his pocket, pulled the sheath free, and bent forward to jam the knife into Polo Shirt’s wrist.  The point of the blade slipped between a bone and tendon just behind the man’s thumb, opening the artery, hot blood spurting out over Shane’s bare hand.  Shane twisted the blade and ripped downward, severing the tendons.  The man’s fingers went limp.
The man grabbed at Shane’s leg with the other hand, but Shane kicked the hand away before he could catch hold.  He scrambled out of reach and got to his feet.  Polo Shirt planted his hands, trying to stand.  Before he could, Shane stepped in and punted the man in the jaw with all of his strength.  The man’s mouth smashed shut, white shards of teeth flying like sparks, and his head whipped back.
Before he got his hands beneath him again, Shane skirted around, grabbed his feet, and hauled him back away from Terrance.  He dragged him a few yards out of the way, dropped him and ran back toward his coworker.
Terrance lay on the ground beside the cart base.  As Shane came near, his urgency wavered toward despair.  One of the cart wheels had broken off.
“Fuck,” Shane said.
He looked over his shoulder.  Polo Shirt was only about twelve feet back, and he was already getting to his feet.  V-Neck was another ten yards farther away, but he was lurching forward steadily, with Black Hoodie close on his heels.  The Fat Man was the only one who hadn’t come through the fall in walking condition.
“Fuck,” Shane said again.
He moved to Terrance’s head, grabbed two fistfuls of his uniform, and started trying to drag him across the floor.  The friction of the carpet against Terrance’s coveralls was too much—Shane’s fingers slipped loose, unable to keep their grip.  Polo Shirt had already covered half the distance, he’d be there in another few seconds.  Growing desperate, Shane hauled Terrance up to a sitting position, squatted behind him, and wrapped his arms around Terrance’s chest.  He locked his fingers together, straightened his back, and heaved himself up to his feet.  Terrance’s weight almost made him lose his balance, but he managed to keep from falling.  As soon as he found his feet, he started stumbling backwards, Terrance’s heels dragging on the floor.
He made it about a dozen steps, his heart thundering, his lungs burning from the effort.  Sharp pains sliced through his lower back, the edges of his vision started to dim.  It took everything he had to keep his fingers—slippery from blood and sweat—clenched together.  And all the while Polo Shirt followed after, moving almost as fast as Shane.
As Shane reached the mouth of the tunnel he lurched toward its side, thinking he’d use it to break his fall if he fainted.  Instead, as he came near the metal ribbing that supported the first ring of light, Terrance reached out and hooked it with his fingers.  That tiny resistance was all it took—Shane lost his grip, and he and Terrance slid to the floor.
“What the fuck, Terrance?” Shane said, gasping.
He grabbed the front of Terrance’s uniform with his hands, tried to lift him.  But his fingers had gone weak, and his legs felt rubbery.
Shane glanced over his shoulder again.  Polo Shirt was less than five feet away.
Shane looked back at Terrance, trying to think of a better way to lift him, a better place to grab hold.
And then he glanced at Terrance’s eyes.  Sunken almost into his head, bloodshot to the point they’d passed from pink toward red, Terrance’s eyes held Shane’s with their intensity.
His beleaguered co-worker pulled in a laborious breath.  “Go,” he said, the word adamant despite how quietly it was spoken.
Shane looked in Terrance’s eyes for a moment longer, startled by the resolve he saw there.  And then he heard Polo Shirt’s moan in his ear, felt the man’s fingers brushing his shoulder.
He let go of Terrance’s coveralls, stumbled back away from him.  Before he’d taken a third step, Polo Shirt knelt over Terrance and sank his teeth into the fallen man’s neck.  There was a soft gurgling sound, red froth spilling over Polo Shirt’s lips.  And then Polo Shirt raised his head, tearing out the front of Terrance’s throat.
Blood welled from the wound, spilling over the sides of Terrance’s neck.  The smell hit Shane’s nose, sharp as metal.
He stumbled back another step, unable to look away.  The man in the v-neck came up to Terrance, kneeling beside Polo Shirt like a fellow penitent in a church.  V-neck reached forward with his hands, clawing at the coveralls and the skin beneath, ripping his way into Terrance’s belly.  He sank his hands into the bloody mess and brought a clutch of guts up to his mouth, blood and viscera smearing his cheeks.
Shane’s head swam.  Dots of light danced in his vision.  He stumbled back from the horrible scene, his eyes filling with tears that made his vision blur.  He vaguely saw that Black Hoodie had arrived, was dipping his head toward Terrance’s corpse like a third pig feasting at a trough.  Shane wrenched his eyes away, turned and ran down the garishly-lit tunnel.
Chapter 17
He stumbled into the lobby, its blaring music battering his rattled senses.  A motion to his right made him turn his head and look.
The smoked-glass of the front doors showed the silhouettes of three people.  They stood there, clawing and banging at the doors.  Were they drawn by the lobby’s blaring music?  Were they ZapPow! employees, come to the office to work?  He didn’t know.  But something about their postures, something in the nature of their movements—slow and mindlessly repetitive—made Shane sure of one thing: they were infected.
He ducked low and hurried across the lobby, staying close to the far wall so that his shadow had no chance of reaching the smoked glass.  He made it to the door on the far side, reached for the handle with one hand, dipping his other hand through the pocket slit in his coveralls, fishing for his keys.  He pulled the keys out, thumbed through them for the key to this door, found it and jammed it into the keyhole.  He turned the key, and pulled the door open.
And came face to face with another man.
In that initial moment, Shane’s brain took in a few quick details.  The man was short and portly, a few inches lower in height than Shane, at least twenty or thirty pounds greater in weight.  He had close-cropped hair on the sides of his head, but his high, gleaming forehead indicated a receding hairline, which meant the short haircut was probably a cover for his baldness.  His face, from the nose down, was covered with dried blood.
And his eyes were bloodshot and dead.
As if to erase any doubt, the man let out a moan and reached for Shane with both hands.  Shane swung the door shut mid-moan, slamming it on the man’s fingers.  He heard the bones crack, saw the second finger bend backwards, but the moan rolled forth as steady as if the man didn’t feel a thing.
The man forced the door open, and Shane stepped back.  He had the keychain in his hand.  He jerked the chain loose from the coil housing, swung the heavy ring around his head like a bull-roarer, and whipped it into the man’s face.
The ring busted, sending keys flying like shrapnel.  The impact opened a handful of cuts on the man’s face and bloodied his eye.  But it didn’t slow him down.  He caught Shane by the collar with one hand, and reached forward with the other.
Shane stumbled back, dragging the man off his footing, using their combined momentum to keep the man from getting a two-handed grip.  They banged into the edge of the reception desk, the force great enough to knock the air out of Shane’s lungs, to drive his shoulders and back up onto the desk’s surface.  Shane brought his knees up between them, holding the man back.
The man pressed forward, his weight sliding Shane across the desk.  He reached with his neck, trying to bring his teeth to Shane’s face.  A fleck of spittle dropped from his mouth onto Shane’s chest.
Shane got his foot flat against the man’s chest and shoved as hard as he could.  There was a ripping sound of Shane’s collar giving way, and the man flew backwards, crashing onto his back on the floor.
Shane turned on his side, snatched up the receptionist’s stapler.  He threw it at the portly man with all of his strength.  It hit the man above his right eyebrow, ripping a flap out of his forehead.  A trickle of blood started, running into his eye.
The man got back up as if he hadn’t even noticed.
Shane darted a glance at the desk, saw a mug filled with pens.  He grabbed the mug and threw it, the pens spraying out as it flew.
The mug glanced off the man’s head, spun through the air, and smashed into the smoked glass of the front door, cracking it.
And that caught the attention of the people on the other side of the glass.  They started beating their hands against the doors with renewed interest, making the glass rattle and shake.  The crack grew in length with each blow.
“Fuck,” Shane said.
He turned onto his knees, picked up the receptionist’s computer monitor, yanked it loose from its chords.  And then he jumped off the desk, bringing the monitor down with both hands, smashing its edge into the man’s bald head with all of his strength.
The man’s head split beneath the edge of the monitor.  He fell onto his back and didn’t move.
But the people on the other side of the glass were now throwing themselves against it bodily.  The crack grew, spreading out in several directions like a spider’s web.
Shane ran back toward the door to the hallway.  He tried the handle, but it had locked again.
“Fuck!” he said.
The keys were spread out all over the floor, scattered across the carpet in a wide spray.  He dropped to his knees and started snatching them up, looking at the numbers printed on them.  He knew the hallway door was stamped with the number 14L.
There was a loud cracking sound.  Shane paused in his search, turned a horrified look to the glass doors.
The spider-web cracks had spread almost all of the way across the affected panel of glass, and the glass itself was bulging inward at the center.  As Shane watched, a crack in the glass raced to the panel’s edge, and abruptly the whole panel gave way, shards raining down to the floor.
A thin man, his hair dyed a vivid pink, was at the front of the outside group.  He fell forward as the glass gave way, impaling himself on several jagged shards sticking up from the panel’s frame.  Another man fell forward with him, landing across his back.  Before the second man could get to his feet, a woman in a plaid skirt, her hair pulled back in twin braids, lurched across his body, making her way inside.  There was another man behind her.
“Fuck!” Shane said.
He snatched up another key, saw that it was printed with the number 26J.  This was the key to the cleaning company lounge, to open the door if you didn’t have a keycard.  He gripped it in his sweating palm, went on searching for 14L.
The woman had reached the portly man whose head Shane had split.  She didn’t stop, just lurched past him on her way toward Shane.
“Why don’t they fucking go after each other?” Shane said.  “Fuckers!”
He heard a moan from across the back of the lobby, and glanced in that direction.  Black Hoodie was just emerging from the tunnel, his face smeared with blood up past his eyebrows.  V-neck was close behind.
Shane looked back at the keys around his knees.  He’d already looked at them all, and dropped them in a pile.  Where was 14L?
He scanned the nearby area.  And he saw it, resting near the foot of a cardboard cutout of a weasel in a leatherjacket.  He crawled to it quickly, snatched it up.  Then he looked back at Twin Braids.
She’d closed to within a few paces of the hall door.  He wouldn’t have time to unlock it and slip through before she got to him.
He picked up the cutout, gripped it in both hands.  He let out a yell, ran toward Twin Braids, holding the cutout like a shield.  He smashed it into her, knocking her off her feet, shoving her back.  She crashed into the man behind her as she fell.
Shane ran back to the door, jammed 14L into the lock.  He twisted the key, but he hadn’t gotten it far enough in.  The key bent without moving the lock’s tumblers.
“Fuck!” he said, almost lost to panic.  Black Hoodie was only a few steps away.
Shane carefully bent the key back to a semblance of its original alignment.  He jammed it the rest of the way into the keyhole, gingerly turned it.  The handle unlocked.
“Thank fuck!” he said, jerking the door open.
Black Hoodie reached for him, moaning, his fingers brushing Shane’s back.  But Shane whipped himself around the door, and slammed it shut behind him.
He stood at the door, gripping the handle in both hands, ready to hold it if they pulled.
The door shook and rattled.  A few blows even glanced off the handle, jolting it in Shane’s hands.  But hitting the handle wouldn’t open it, and none of the people tried to use a key.
Shane let go of the handle, took a few cautious steps back.  A few more blows against the door, but they weren’t getting through.
“Thank god,” Shane said, leaning up against a wall, his hands braced on his knees.  He took a few minutes to catch his breath, looking down at his hands.
His hands.  His bloody hands.  The left hand was still covered by a rubber glove, but the right was bare.  He’d lost that glove to White Shirt, up on the fifth floor, and now Polo Shirt’s blood had splattered all over his bare skin.
“Fuck,” Shane said, panic gripping him.
He ran down the hall and kicked open the bathroom door.
Chapter 18
Shane ran to the nearest sink, thrust his hands into its basin.  The sink’s sensor flashed red and the faucet squirted a cupful of lukewarm water.  And then it shut off, hardly having moistened his hands.
“Don’t fuck with me now,” Shane said, moving his hands up and down in front of the sensor.  “Do not fuck with me right now!”
The sensor flashed again.  The faucet squirted another short blast of water.  Shane rubbed his hands together desperately, scrubbing the rubber-gloved fingers of his left hand over the bare palm of his right.  Polo Shirt’s blood, which had begun to turn tacky like syrup, thinned with the water and smeared over Shane’s skin.  A few drops fell into the sink, bright pink against the white porcelain.
Shane moved his hands up and down in front of the sensor desperately.  The red light flashed, but the faucet gave no more water.
“Fuck!” he shouted, striking the faucet with the heel of his left hand.  The light blinked again, but still no water.
He ran to the back of the room, grabbed the handle to the janitor’s closet.  It was locked, and the key was probably scattered on the lobby floor with the rest.
“Fuck!  Fuck!  Fuck!” he shouted, kicking the handle with each epithet.
On the third kick there was a loud cracking sound, and the handle moved with his kick, pointed straight toward the ceiling.
Shane grabbed the handle, wrenched the door open and swung it so hard that it slammed against the wall and cracked the nearest mirror.  He dove toward the janitor’s sink, twisted the hot water tap on full with his left hand, thrusting his right hand into the faucet’s stream.
“FuckFuckFuck!” he said, watching the water spray over his hand.
He grabbed a can of powdered cleaner from the shelf, shook it onto his wet hand.  He scrubbed the powder to blue paste, scouring his skin.  And then another panicked thought came into his head: what if the powder was abrasive enough to tear his skin, giving Polo Shirt’s blood an entryway that it hadn’t had before.
“Fuck,” Shane said, almost in a whimper.
He washed his hand carefully, thoroughly.  He held it in the stream of water as the water turned scalding hot, and he held it there for another minute, until the heat was unbearable.
And then he looked at his hand in the dim light, examined the pink skin for cuts or scrapes.  His heart sank when he turned his hand over, and saw that his knuckles were chapped and scraped.  Was the damage deep enough in his skin to let Polo Shirt’s blood mix with his own?  Would he get infected, too?
He stood there for several minutes, until the steam from the sink started to thicken the air of the closet, and moisture gathered on his face like sweat.
“Well,” he said, “nothing you can do about it now, but hope.”
He felt a hollow emptiness in his chest, a void of hope, but he took a deep breath and tried to ignore it.
And then he left the bathroom and made his way down the hallway, toward the cleaning company’s lounge.
Despite the way the world itself seemed to be falling apart, the cleaning company lounge looked the same as it always did: uncomfortable, uninviting, stagnant.  Shane made his way around the table, went to Terrance’s locker.  He took hold of the lock and jerked it, but it didn’t open.
It was a combination lock, and Shane had no way of knowing the combination.  He didn’t feel like trying to figure it out, either.  He started looking around the room for something he could use to break it.
His eyes fell on the time clock.  It was a heavy, clunky cube, about six inches to a side.  In the time he’d been working for the cleaning company, he’d grown to hate the damned thing.  Shane had been reprimanded for being late more than for anything else, and it was this time clock, and the little numbers it printed on the time cards, that provided the proof of his lateness.
He walked over to the clock, picked it up.  He looked down at its face, the hands for the hours and minutes, the second hand a little twitching splinter of metal that never stopped.
“Little fucker,” he said, speaking to the clock.  “Sitting there like some small god, controlling time.  Ratting me out again and again.”
He lifted the clock, held it with both hands, testing its heft.  He could feel the subtle vibrations made by the clock’s internal gears, the second hand ticking almost like a tiny heart.
“But Terrance beat you,” Shane said, a sudden wild grin splitting his face.  “Terrance found out how to make you dance to his tune.  Terrance never showed up on time, not a day in his life, but you always punched his card with four o’clock on the dot.”
Shane looked at the time cards in their rack on the wall, lost in a moment of thought.
“How the fuck did he do it, anyway?” he said.
He shook his head, looked back at the clock’s face.
“Guess I’ll never know,” he said.  “Not like you’re gonna tell me, anyway.  Your time is up.”
Shane reached out, took hold of the clock’s power chord, jerked it out of the wall.  The second hand, the relentless twitching little hand that had spelled so much trouble for Shane, stopped.
“Eight fifty seven, and thirty seven seconds,” Shane said, “the end of this little god’s reign.”
He walked back over to Terrance’s locker, gripped the clock with both hands, and smashed it down against the lock.  It took him a couple tries, and he dented both the clock and the locker itself, before the combination lock snapped open.
Shane tossed the clock onto the table, pulled the lock loose and tossed that too.  He opened the latch, paused a moment, thinking of Terrance.  He swung the locker open.
Terrance had folded his jacket and left it on the floor of the locker.  The jacket was dark denim, and there was a little scrap of yellow paper sitting on top of it: a post-it note, folded in half so its tacky strip was stuck to itself.
Shane reached down and picked up the post-it note.  He turned the note over, puzzled for a moment by what he saw there.
And then comprehension hit him.
“Son of a bitch,” he said.  “That clever son of a bitch.”
He started laughing, a sudden tears flowing from his eyes.
The note had two things printed on it, one above the other, both lined up right against the edge of the post-it note.  Shane recognized the prints—they were fragments of time marks made by the time clock.  The first fragment was “57 a.m.”, and the fragment directly beneath it, which had been printed upside down, was “5:”.
Terrance had shown up at 4:57, covered the minute section of his time card with the post-it note, and punched his time.  The “4:” went on his time card, the “57 a.m.” went on the post-it.  Then he’d pulled the card out, moved the post-it to cover the hour section, and waited three minutes.  One more punch, to get the “:00 am” on his time card.  And there you had it, four o’clock on the dot.
“Terrance,” Shane said, wiping the tears from his eyes, “you were a fucking genius.”
Chapter 19
The gun was in the folded-up denim jacket.
He picked it up, surprised by how heavy it was.  He turned it in his hands, looking at it.
Shane didn’t know much about guns.  When he was a kid, his dad had dragged him along on a few turkey hunts.  But they’d used shotguns for that, and this was a pistol, and Shane had never really liked the feel of a gun in his hands, anyway.
He still didn’t really like the feel of it, to tell the truth.
The gun was made from polished chrome.  It felt cold to the touch, colder than the temperature of the air.  And wherever he touched the gun, he left prints and smudges on the shining metal.  Holding it made him feel dirty.
It made him feel nervous, too.  He looked at the hole the bullets came out of, surprised by how large it was.  Just looking in the hole made his throat feel tight, despite the fact that he was the one holding the gun.
Still, coffee mugs and staplers and his own steel-toed boots hadn’t been the most effective means of defense.  A gun would be better, surely, and that meant he’d rather have one in his hands than be without.
And if he was going to have one, he’d better try to understand how it worked.
The gun had a squared handle.  It looked like the type of guns you saw in cop-movies, not the type you saw in westerns.  That meant the bullets were in a magazine in the handle.
There was a little lever on the side of the handle.  He pushed the lever, and the bottom of the handle jolted open.  He grabbed the bottom and pulled it out.  There were twelve blunt little bullets in the magazine, and he knew from the movies that there might be another in the chamber.
He jammed the magazine back into the handle, surprised by how hard he had to push before it clicked into place.
The next thing he looked for was the safety.  The shotgun he’d used as a kid had a button safety right in front of the trigger guard.  Push the big side of the button in, on the trigger guard’s right side, and the trigger wouldn’t move, the gun wouldn’t shoot.  Push the small side of the button in, on the guard’s left side, and the gun was ready to fire.
But this handgun didn’t have any such button.
That made him even more nervous.  Without the safety, he felt like the gun could go off at any time.  He felt almost like he was holding a bomb.
He pushed the thought out of his head, willfully forced down the nervousness he felt.  He kept examining the gun, saw that the trigger actually looked like it was made of two pieces.  It looked like there was a larger trigger cradling a smaller one.
He touched the outer trigger with his fingernail, pulled it very gently.  The trigger didn’t move.  He put the tip of his finger against that outer trigger’s edge, pulled gently.  Didn’t budge.  He pulled a little harder, increasing the pressure carefully.  The trigger still didn’t move.
He touched the inner trigger gently.  It sank into the larger trigger, he kept pulling, gently.  The larger trigger started to sink back.  He pulled a little harder, still being very careful, still paying close attention to the amount of pressure, all of his mind focused on that finger.
With a shocking “POP!”, the gun fired.
It startled Shane so much that he dropped the gun.  It bounced off his steel toe, clattered to the floor.
“Fuck!” he said, his heart racing, his ears ringing.  He looked at the wall, saw a small, round hole that hadn’t been there before.
“Well,” he said, catching his breath, “I guess that’s the safety.  You have to pull the inner trigger down before the outer trigger moves.”
He picked the gun back up, and put it on the table in front of him.
“Now what?” he asked the empty room.
A sudden buzzing against his right thigh made him jump.  He flicked his hand at it, as if it were a bee he meant to crush.  But his fingers hit something hard and flat beneath the fabric, and then he remembered: Terrance’s phone.
He reached into his pocket and pulled the phone out.  Another little exclamation point, another new message beneath it.  Before Shane had read the first word, the phone buzzed in his hand, startling him again.  He flinched, and the phone flipped up into the air.  It bounced off the lounge table, and clattered to the floor on the far side.
“Fuck!” Shane said.
He made his way around the table, picked the phone up off the floor, and looked at its screen.  Two exclamation points, and a long message he had to scroll through to reach the end.  The message read: “(Cont.) –close all access to aforementioned areas of highest reported incident rates.  Citizens currently within affected areas should be aware that no emergency services will be available in the immediate future.  Evacuation crews are being assembled—further details to come.  Remain indoors with entrances secured until further notice.”
“‘Close all access,’” Shane said.  “‘No emergency services.’  What the fuck?  They’re just going to leave people on their own?”
There was a little arrow at the top of the message, pointing left.  Shane swiped his finger across the screen in the indicated direction, bringing up the previous message.  It read: “Unknown pathogen outbreak continues.  Greatest number of reported incidents appear to be concentrated in South Beach/Mission Bay area, though incidents also reported in Portrero Hill, Mission, SOMA, and Marina neighborhoods.  Police to—”
For a long, quiet moment, Shane held the phone and stared at its screen.  His eyes were focused on the words, but he wasn’t taking them in.  And then, finally, it clicked in his brain.  He raised his head abruptly, and cursed.
“They’re shutting down South Beach, which means they’re shutting down Townson.  And if emergency services won’t be available in shut down areas, there’s not going to be any medical help here for hours.”
He raised his left hand, looked at the scrapes on his knuckles.
“If I’m infected, how long do I have?”
He looked at the phone, thinking.
“Terrance got bit just before he came in to work, which was probably just before five.  What time was it when he had the seizure?”
He squeezed his eyes shut, thumping the heel of his hand against his forehead repeatedly.
“Seven thirty, it was just before seven thirty.  He got bitten again maybe fifteen minutes after that.  He was pretty much gone by just after eight.  I might have less than three hours.  And they’re shutting this area down now, shutting out all emergency services.”
His eyes snapped open.
“I need to get the fuck out of here right now!”
Chapter 20
Shane jammed the phone into his pocket, snatched up the gun with his other hand, and ran to the lounge door.
He opened the door, looked out into the hallway: nothing but white walls and harsh lights, the shining linoleum floor.
He stepped through, hurried to the end of the hall, opened that door and looked out.  The alley looked empty.
He slipped through the alley door, shut it quietly behind him.
He looked to his left, toward the alley's dead end, and then to his right toward the street.  There was no one there.  He was safe, and he was outside.
It had only been a few hours since he’d entered the ZapPow! building, but being out in the open air felt very strange.  There wasn’t anything different about the alley than normal, at least nothing he could put his finger on.  But it felt different.  He felt different.
A cool breeze drifted up the alley.  Shane filled his lungs with fresh air.  His level of anxiety dropped a bit farther from total panic.  Just getting out of the building was a relief.
He lifted his eyes to glance at the thin ribbon of sky between the ZapPow! building and its neighbor, saw a blanket of thick grey clouds, no blue sky or sun visible—a typical San Francisco summer day.  He looked back down the alley, toward the street.
There was a man there now, lurching along in the middle of the street.  He wore a tight white tee-shirt, and the front of it was covered with a red wash of blood.
"Shit," Shane said quietly.  His hand tightened on the gun’s handle, but he didn’t raise the gun yet, didn’t move at all.  “Keep walking, just keep walking,” he whispered.
But the man didn’t keep walking.  Instead he stopped abruptly, lifted his head as though he were listening to something.  His mouth hung open loosely, a long cord of drool dangled from his lower lip.
“Just keep walking,” Shane whispered, gripping the gun.  “Come on.”
The man swiveled his head toward Shane.  He let out a long moan.
“Fuck,” Shane said.
Shane raised the gun, holding his arm out straight, aiming for the man’s face.
The man took a lurching step toward the alley, and Shane pulled the trigger.
There was a loud POP that bounced off the walls with a harsh sound like the air itself was ripping.  The gun jerked in Shane’s hand, its muzzle twitching upward.
But nothing else happened.  The man kept lurching forward as if he hadn’t heard, or didn’t care about, the sound of the gun.  Shane saw no sign that a bullet had hit him or anything else.
“What the fuck?” Shane said, incredulous.
The man was almost at the edge of the asphalt, about fifteen yards away.  The rope of drool hanging from his lip swung back and forth like a pendulum.
Shane turned sideways, squeezed his left eye shut, looking along the length of his outstretched arm—and the end of the gun’s muzzle beyond that—with his right eye.  He aimed the gun’s muzzle at the man’s nose.  He pulled the trigger again.
Another pop, and a sign above the entrance of a café on the other side of the street abruptly shattered.
“Seriously?” Shane said.  “Am I that bad of a shot?”
By this time the man had stepped up onto the wide sidewalk.  His dead eyes were trained on Shane.  Both his arms were stretched out straight, eager to grab hold.  He was no more than a dozen yards away.
Shane dropped his aim to the center of the man’s chest.  He sighted along the length of his arm with his right eye.  He pulled in a breath and held it.  He squeezed the trigger instead of pulling it, and he squeezed off two shots instead of one.
The first shot hit the man in the upper left shoulder, jolting him as if he’d been shoved, twisting him at the waist.  The second shot missed the man entirely.  The man stumbled a step to the side, found his balance, and continued toward Shane, a bloody mark blooming on his white tee-shirt.
“Fuck!” Shane said, dropping his arm.
He lifted his arm again to aim, pulled in another quick breath, and squeezed off two more shots.
Both shots caught the man in the lower abdomen; Shane could tell because of the fresh blood that started darkening the stain over the man’s belly.  But the bullets seemed to pass right through, not even slowing him down.  He’d reached the mouth of the alley.
“How many shots is that?” Shane said, thinking.  “Six.  Plus the bullet in the company lounge.  Seven shots.”  He shook his head, angry.  “I’ve already used more than half of the bullets, and the guy’s still coming.”
Shane lifted the gun again, trained it on the man’s mouth.  But he didn’t pull the trigger yet.
The man took one lurching step after another, his pace never changing.  His eyes showed no concern, no sense that he recognized any danger from Shane or the gun.  The blood flowing from his wounds had soaked the bottom of the front of his shirt, had begun to wet his thighs, but his face showed no indication that he felt any pain from the wounds.
Shane held the gun out, arm straight.  He waited until the man’s hands had almost reached his own, until the muzzle of the gun was less than a yard from the man’s yawning mouth.  And then he pulled the trigger.
The man’s head snapped back, his knees buckled, and he fell to the ground like a marionette with its strings cut.  His left arm sprawled across the floor of the alley, fingers coming to rest less than four inches from Shane’s right foot.  A mist of blood hung in the air just behind where his head had been.
“Fuck,” Shane muttered, stepping back from the body and the settling mist.  He took another step back as the man’s blood began to flow across the alley floor.
And then another pair of lurchers came around the corner of the alley from the sidewalk.
“Fuck!” Shane said.
He stepped around the fallen man, raised the gun and started walking toward the mouth of the alley.
“Five bullets left,” he said, aiming for the nearest lurcher.
And then another came around the corner.
Shane stopped.  He took a step backward.
Another came around the corner.  The first two trained their eyes on him, lifted their arms, started advancing.
A fifth lurcher came around the corner.  And then a sixth.
“What the fuck!” Shane said.  “Did they hear the gunshots or what?”
He started backing up.  He passed the fallen man, stopped at the door back into the ZapPow! building.  He kept his eyes on the nearest of the shuffling group, and reached for the door handle.
It was locked.

TO BE CONTINUED
in Zombie City: Episode 2
###

Thanks for reading!  If you liked the story, please leave a review, or tell a friend.
-
If you'd like insider info about new releases and special deals,
click here to sign up for M.F. Soriano's mailing list.

Other Titles by M.F. Soriano

Blood Brothers (A Fantasy Novel)
Grillis.  Athemon.  Verlvik.  Three young men, struggling to survive in a world where monsters roam, and where men are monstrous.  A world where a single stroke of an axe can start a series of events that will threaten an entire nation.  A world where brotherhood offers the only hope of redemption, and brotherhood isn’t something you’re born into, it’s something you earn.

The ElectroLive Murders (A Hardboiled Sci-Fi Novelette)
When a rich old man is brutally murdered, detective Richard Dashiell loses all patience for protocol. Rookie inspector Natalia Helenas, assigned to the same case, finds herself caught between respect for her partner and respect for the rules. As the investigation leads them from the immaculate halls of a cutting-edge medical business, to the seedy chambers of a twisted sex club, Helenas and Dashiell learn that sometimes not even the dead get to rest in peace.

Cool Blue (A Horror Novelette)
Jeff Jones is new to San Francisco, and he's eager to explore the city. After two weeks of sun-shrouding fog, the weather finally takes a turn for the better, and Jeff decides to go on a walk. He stumbles across the "Mystery Ocean" fish store, and what he finds inside changes him, in a horrible way.
