
THE DEMON WARRIOR’S LIGHT


By
R.G. Richards



SMASHWORDS EDITION


* * * * *


PUBLISHED BY:
R.G. Richards on Smashwords


The Demon Warrior’s Light
Copyright © 2013 by R.G. Richards



Thank You for downloading this ebook. You are welcome to share it with friends. This book may not be copied or reproduced without permission of the author.

Your support and respect for this author’s work is appreciated.

This is a work of fiction. Any resemblance to people living or dead is coincidental and unintended. This is a production of the author’s imagination.


*****


THE DEMON WARRIOR’S LIGHT


*****


Chapter 1: Shock


Death is not an ending. It is the beginning to something new, challenging, and exquisite. What will you become after death? On Ebara, the planet of the dead, death takes many forms: spirits or ghosts that soar in the skies, half-dead spirit and flesh eaters called ghouls, and returned souls—the dead raised by Necromancy who transform from spirit to flesh at will, they serve the living as household staff. At death, most fall into the void—the deep well within the core of the planet where spirits reside. It takes years to string together coherent thoughts and push your way back to the surface again. Once there, only one thought consumes you: take life from the living to live again. As to the living, some have “dead powers” allowing them to commune with the dead, order the dead, fight and kill the dead. On a planet that struggles on every level, life is a treasure and wanted in any form. Most would sell their souls for a chance to live again, no matter the form. In a world infested with evil spirits, life goes on as it does elsewhere, but for some reason, evil spirits called demons have awakened with a new vengeance, a new ravenous hunger the world has never seen until now.

The Foothills of Talbeth.

It is my first trip from home, a pilgrimage to the southern villages in search of lodging and food. Days of scarce eating withers my soul as well as those in my company to the point of reducing us to mere stick figures capable of drifting away on the gentlest of breezes. I look around in wonderment. To them the trip means dodging demons of the air and land while to me it means excitement. All I behold thrill me: the dusty land, the bare clad trees in the distance, and the soft gravel beneath my feet. I notice that as I step on stones they are either crushed or pushed into thin hot soil and I am weak, thin framed. Everything in this place is just as weak and in search of a respite. I pray to the Heavens we find one soon.
“Keep a sharp eye out for the next Bessie, Nista,” says father, scanning all sides of the shabby landscape before him in search of his prize. Bessies are safe platforms we stand on. They blend into the landscape so as not to make them appear as haughty obstructions the people will loathe. On a grassy plain they will be green as the grass from a distance so as not to spoil the view. The last one we stood upon was a white slab of concrete four by eight feet with black and gold writing littering its surface. They are spells and incantations placed on the surface by master casters of our world. You don’t need to know the characters, letters, or words to receive the protection. All that is required is that you reach and stand upon it. Once you do, an unseen field rises at its edges to build a wall around you to protect you from demons. None can pass through and attack you. Throughout the land Bessies sprouted where spirits frequented as shelters for the living. Maps showed their locations and signposts announced them as if they were rest stops along a roadway. We always received word of the newest locations from travelers to our small village. That is, before everyone gathered their meager possessions and left to avoid starvation. Taking your chance with spirits was better than starving. So we, like the others, prayed to the Heavens for safety and began our long march.
“Why are they called Bessies, father?”
The air is hot and will soon become even hotter as the day draws to a close. A nice wind will help but it is not in the cards for the evening. We are a small family of four: father, mother, me, and the future tucked away in momma’s womb.
“Shh, Sybil, shh!” says mother.
I like how mother strokes her large belly to soothe the rambunctious youth and calm it. Sybil is a kicker and often kicks me when I sleep next to momma. Momma says she is just anxious to be born. How can she know what awaits her? She lives in a cramped space with no way of knowing that to be unleashed on the world in its condition means nothing but heartache, if she is lucky.
“Kicking up a storm, is she?” asks father.
He is a thin man and when he chuckles it is more like coughing, but you can see the love he has for mother and Sybil in his eyes. They can do no wrong. Me, I am altogether another story—the bane of his existence.
Father never answers my question, it is typical to divert to baby talk. We march on and make our stop at an abandoned park. I watch them place a blanket on the grass and unpack for a scarce meal of bread, fruit, and water. I lie on the blanket looking at the sky wondering what lies beyond the twinkling spheres of heaven. I can’t say how long I stare before drifting to sleep.
A small sound as if a sniffle announces itself. Father turns his gaze to fasten on the interloper. In an instant the brown eyes that hold joy now scorn the sight they behold. His features sag as he gazes upon the horrid sight before him. Brown spittle falls from the corners of his mouth. He flicks his tongue to hold in what little moisture his body holds, not daring to let any of his precious fluid escape. He must have changed his mind for he crinkles his nose then spits a thick, dark liquid on the grass.
Momma rubs her belly again before fastening her eyes on the un-heavenly sight. Her hands stop their circular movements of joy. Long thin fingers filled with scratches and cuts from days gone by no longer move. The fingers, thin from malnutrition, show tightened veins that stretch as little roads on a map. The fragile fingers shake.
Two sets of eyes dart about the landscape. They search, knowing trouble is on the horizon. Momma searches east and west while daddy stands searching north and south. They perfect their routine to guard against what they cannot guard against. The cold wind blows through his short dark hair. He shudders, eyes growing wider, mouth gaping, searching harder for the terror that waits. I feel the wind caress my scalp and see it blow through mother’s hair. Her eyes widened, her mouth hangs open. She looks to her husband. Something is wrong. She always strokes her long blond hair as her tell, her early warning system to announce to all that spirits are coming.
“John!”
“I feel it, Becky. Mardour is coming.”
We sat our blanket on the grass to enjoy a meal before bedtime under the stars. We hoped a cool wind would blow to ease our stay in this desolate land. Today would not be that day.
I watch father direct mother to safety and once again feel that strangeness, that abandonment that consumes me during these times. They rush to the concrete slab that once lofted itself as the foundation of a small bathroom. They crouch low upon the surface with him covering her, her belly presses into the slab, her face hides in his small chest. 
“Go away! Go back to Mardour! Leave us alone!” he shouts, his voice breaking with fear.
I look about to see the spirits he speaks to. Not seeing them I turn to see mother bury her face deeper, sobbing with the strong lungs of a newborn. She wraps one arm around him and clutches at her belly with the other to protect little Sybil as best she can. Daddy throws his arms around her as his eyes dart about. If not for the present trouble they would look as if they were sleeping under a cozy blanket beneath the stars. I gaze at the writing starting to glow on their clothing—a cheap spell he paid for by bartering away our tattered home.
“Leave us alone!”
I don’t wait to see what will happen next. I run to join them. I dive under the cover determined to reach their safe arms and wedge myself in the tiny crack between them. Sybil can kick me all she wants, I need that space.
“Oh the Heavens!”
“What is it?” asks mom.
“Something is coming, crawling, coming straight out of Mardour.”
I don’t need to see his face to know what he means. I feel the cold wind, but it isn’t the wind.
“Go away!” father orders again.
It must be near me because he bats his hand in my direction. I want to look behind me but I’m too afraid. For the most part, spirits don’t frighten me unless they are the big ones that take the shape of people. I like the small, fluffy, shapeless ones. They remind me of clouds. I can play with them all day. But I have a feeling these aren’t those kinds.
I burrow upward through the resistance around me. Inch by inch I go while daddy bats and screams trying his best to protect us. I break their grip and feel safe. I get brave and poke my head out to take a look.
“Daddy?” he looks at me with horror in his eyes.
“Go away,” he screams. He pushes me down to re-clutch his shivering wife to calm her. The pushing and screaming are somehow lost on me. Again, I burrow upward then lift my small head. Surely he will recognize the black patch of hair as me. “I said GO AWAY!” with his gathered strength he flings me from between them to the hard ground. I roll several times before coming to a stop a good distance away.
A howling comes from ahead of us. We are in a demolished park with fallen tree limbs and twigs that jab at me on all sides. I stifle a scream of pain so as not to alert the spirits that howl so. My young eyes open wide as I search for a voice to connect with the gruesome howl. Finding none I travel on scratched and bloody hands and knees in an effort to scamper back to the safety of my parents.
I scream as a red specter flies between my parents and me. I shake with terror listening to the eerie sound of what may be laughter from the creature. My heart pounds as I right myself for my journey to safety. Another specter, this one dark blue with smidgens of yellow that form carnivorous teeth from a hideous mouth shoots by me with a howl of its own.
“Stay back, you evil troll!” that comes from father. 
Whether out of cruelty or concern I don’t know, the words can never register with me, so I rock on my heels, ready to advance. I check both directions as if checking for traffic along a busy street. I hear my mother’s pleas mixed with my father’s. They seem to be coming from miles away from a deep dark tunnel. I strain to hear them and keep watch. My fingers grip the dirt in front of me as I crouch low to the ground, a runner in sprinting position waiting for the sound of the starting gun. My tongue dips out of my mouth to caress the bite marks of days gone by on my chapped bottom lip. I draw a long breath. I listen to my beating heart as it drowns out the distant voices. I flex my small fingers then dig into the dirt more, tilting forward.
A second red specter flies by, this one freezes my soul by glaring at me as it passes in the night with a wide grin. Then, before I can think, another aims for me. I turn and run in a new direction with all the speed I possess. Ahead of me is a bathroom. It has no doors. Three commodes in various states of decay face me. I don’t have time to think about their condition or stink. I can feel cold fingers at my back. I push harder and dive into the middle structure. I crawl forward and snake my thin body around the back of the commode and draw my body into a tight circle.
I slam my eyes shut with all my might and listen to my panicked breathing and the gruesome howls that flow around the shack.
It takes some time but I calm. Why I am still alive I have no idea. I calm further but never move. Something about the closeness to the ground draws me into a peaceful state. I feel warm all over, though there is a chill in the night air. I can hear distant singing—mother singing me a lullaby. The tug of happiness in my belly radiates outward to my limbs to further soothe and calm me. As the night draws on, I slip into sleep while slinked around an old commode with more scratches, dents, and chips than I care to count. 
The next morning, I lay curled around the commode in the perfect peace of sleep. Suddenly my eyes fly open. If not for out of place barrels and the like, no one will have imagined anything occurred. A twinge of fear dances across my face as my breath catches in my throat. Can this be like the last time? I look up, breathing heavy and fast. My eyes dart about the playground in the hopes of finding what I know not to be there. I can pray but it will do no good. Why did I go to sleep? Why didn’t I keep a lookout? I spring to my feet wiping moisture from my face and neck as I look about. Across the ways I don’t see anyone. The slab my parents had been on is now empty. A couple of quick chaotic breaths escape my lips. I sound dreadful and know it. I close my eyes to center. Moments later my breathing regulates then slows.
I take my first careful step by extending a bare foot onto the soft grass before me. It feels right. I place my other foot on the grass. After another breath I move toward the empty slab. Perhaps there is a note. Approaching the slab I see enchanted writing that protects any who stand on the slab. At the far edge I see a small folded bag. Too small to contain food, perhaps it is a letter. I kneel on the slab and with careful fingers open it. I pull my raven hair back to peer inside. My face meshes into confusion. Turning the bag over, I watch two thin bars fall to the slab. I shake the bag as if it holds something more.
A sound startles me. I turn. I make out figures in the distance. Someone needs help. Forgetting my food, I run toward possible danger.

I stop in my tracks when I see what it is — a small air demon circling my frightened parents. My eyes automatically tighten during these times. Once, I was told the gray left my eyes and they turned black. I don’t care or have time to think on that kind of silliness. I run with all my might, scowling with fists balled ready for action.
My mother huddles next to my father clutching him with all her might and whimpering while the phantom dances wistfully, howling at their fright. It stops to glower then as a petulant child it sticks its tongue out before continuing its mockery. I have seen ones like this one and know what it is doing though I am a good ways off. I don’t like their kind, not at all. They are bullies. They taunt their prey to heighten their emotions to make them a more tasty and powerful meal. High emotions, like fear, flow from their victims in waves to these demons.
Daddy’s small frame might not withstand such stresses. He spends hours in the field during long, hot summers and begs during winter when food runs low. People think I don’t understand their conversations when they speak of him as a man of little to no common sense. I know what it means. I also know he will be no match for the demon, electing to barter and beg instead of fighting. He clutches mom while watching the spirit. I know what he is thinking, that this is nothing new. Nothing to worry about. Spirits often show up to torment him and the others while they farm the land. Most are child spirits looking to cause mischief before moving on. It is the larger, older spirits that he fears. They are the ones who take your life no matter how much begging you do. For them, taking your life gives them life and who wouldn’t want to live again? he clutches mom trying to calm her and keep her quiet so as not to rile it further or attract more menacing creatures to them. I suppose bartering hadn’t worked.
“Stop!” I had no idea why I said it or if it would have any effect. The sight of the creature tormenting my parents was enough.
Father whirls. “Nista?”
I break into an all-out run. My tiny face shrinks into a scowl of determination. Nobody bothers my parents, not if I have anything to say about it.
“No, Nista. Stop,” he commands.
The words fall on deaf ears — I am in full sprint mode. The demon sees me coming and gives its own scowl. It stops its mocking dance and zooms toward me. It stretches its arms out in a brisk run toward me while I echo the movement. Somewhere in the middle we meet with a force that knocks me backward. We roll on the ground, coming to a stop in each other’s death grip. For me, I treat it as a child my age, a school-ground bully. I grab it and wrestle. The spirit shows signs of a solid form just before contact. At impact it draws energy from me to become a solid form. A smudgy face takes shape behind slow growing dark hair that becomes a girl of my age. Hands grip harder to draw more power. I weaken. From past experience, I know what to do at this time. The young spirit doesn’t know the proper procedure to fully restore itself and probably doesn’t care. Mischief is its chief concern. I see the look on my mother’s face and realize we must look like two teenage girls fighting over a boy or some other foolishness.
Wanting more power, the girl squeezes me tighter and begins glowing. I grip her tighter and before long, the girl screams. She glows as bright as the sun and then shatters into a million pieces of light.
“Nista! Nista!”
My mom holds her belly running to me in full gallop mode. For a woman in her eight month of pregnancy, she shows the grace of an athlete in their prime. She stops short of me, gawking. I lie on the ground looking up at her. She looks bewildered. I am alone except for her and she turns about for evidence to the contrary.
“Wh-where did it go?”
I shrug not knowing how to answer.
“Nista?”
“I don’t know, momma. It just . . . left.”
She looks about then turns. “John.” He hadn’t taken a step. “John!”
“Where were you going, momma? Were you going to get some more food? I don’t need it all.” I search her face.
She smiles with the grace of her years. “It’s okay, baby. We were just taking a walk and didn’t want to wake you.”
My face lights up with pure joy. I knew it! I had the best parents in the world.
Father arrives, stopping short of me. He sneers down at me as if I caused it all. He motions with a thin, callused finger then moves in that direction. Mother helps me to my feet. We fall in line and trail as he sets course for town. I want nothing more than to lie down and take a nap. Together, we assist each other so we can keep up. Joy floods me with every step. The air demon stole strength from me but it could not steal my joy.

#  #  #

I smile at the lights ahead of us. From a distance, most assume them to be lightning bugs—many believe them to be the dead making their first appearance in the physical world. They are small shadowy spirits that fly about in mindless carefree activities, nothing but nuisances to most unless riled up. They swarm in patches on the outskirts of many villages. Often, it is how you know a village is near when you travel in the dead of night with no light to guide your way or announce the village ahead. One of the creatures buzzes my ear so I swat it. Suddenly more appear and swarm us. Though my parents bat with murderous rage at them, I only bat once or twice. They are more intriguing in the funny way that they flit about. They make me laugh whenever they come near unless of course I am in a foul mood.
“That’s it!”
I look to my shouting father’s red face and see his balled fists. He glares at me as if I am responsible. One of them stung him. That is usually a prelude to a larger attack by an even larger spirit. Not today, but tomorrow the attack will come like clockwork.
I told him the last time it wasn’t me that brought them. They are odd little things and if he ignores them they move on to the next person. Instead of taking my advice, he grabs me by my arm and jerks me toward the village. We travel the last few feet in this manner.
“I should have done this ages ago, but now will do. Now will do good and plenty.”
I shuffle with him yelling all the while until we reach a red tent. He makes an abrupt stop and must have forgotten he had a hold of me; I crash into him angering him all the more.
“What can I do for you?” asks a man who talks funny. He wears a big hat with red and white stripes. The hat leans to one side. I like the holes in the hat. They are funny looking.
“A trade,” says father. “My wife is with child and we have a long journey. I trade this child for your horse and wagon.”
The man looks at me with a wild crazy look. I hide behind daddy. I am nine and he threatens to sell me on numerous occasions but momma won’t let him. She says I have three more years. It’s not like I’m a boy and can work the mine fields at eight like my brother Shadrick. Girls work the ruins digging up artifacts the masters need. Three of my friends began last spring and I was hoping to join them, not sold to “a trickster” as daddy called them.
“Daddy,” I begin to protest.
“Shut up!” he looks into my little round face as if mad at me. It is all an act, I know. Maybe I should try again.
“Daddy.”
Father raises his hand. The funny man catches his arm in mid swing. “Explain yourself, good man.”
Father sneers while I stand there looking dumbfounded. “This girl is trouble I don’t need. Take her and give me the wagon or I will find another.”
“Sir.”
I notice a crease in father’s brow. He does that when he is thinking on something important. He looks the man up and down then speaks. “She attracts spirits— spirits straight out of Mardour. You can use her in your act. They swarm around her. She’s possessed, even drawing the big ones on occasion. One of them called her ‘the False Light’, some fear her, you can use that in your act.”
The man tilted his big hat up to look at me, appraising me. I have an arm wrapped around my father’s legs. He pushes me into the open so I stand there with my head low staring at the ground. Maybe he hates raven-haired children and won’t take me. I keep still, peeking out at his shadow. I see it nod.
“Good.” Daddy put my hand in the man’s and then he left.
“Daddy. Daddy.”
He ignores my pleas. He walks out to momma, grabs her wrist with a force that almost knocks her off her feet, and rushes her to the wagon. I stand at the tent’s opening watching as he lifts her to the wagon and climbs aboard. Momma looks at me, she sees me. I can tell she wants to say something, but she remains quiet. She gives a look to the flapping curtain of the tent and me standing there watching. Our eyes lock and for the first time I believe I am wrong about everything. Father threatens to sell me a number of times and mother defends me. That’s the way it works. This time she doesn’t. She stares at me as they pass on their way out of town, her hands fastened to either side of her plump belly, rubbing and soothing it. With a heavy heart I lift my small hand to say goodbye. Then they are gone.


Chapter 2: Iden


Orthia walks with Norma and Eugenia on a bright sunny day.  The girls have no fear of creepy crawling things or of anything that slithers upon the surface of the planet. Like all society, they keep a lookout and watchful ear for the sound of one creature in particular—demons from beyond that take the form of spirits. These undead are the threat the world faces.
As Orthia walks she hears the howl they all train to listen for. Each stops to stare at one another and then into the great beyond that lie ahead of them. Orthia is the first to gulp after a strong cinnamon smell makes its way to her flared nostrils. She whirls dreading what she will find. Her eyes grow to saucers as a chill snakes down her back. Her throat is so dry she did not scream a warning. There is no need, the others see the towering spirit riding the air.
“Run!”
No need to say it twice. They run. Together they sprint toward the end of the field. They came from the far end through an open gate. If they hurried they could make it back. The girls run all-out fearing the worst. They push as hard as they can in an effort to outrun evil. The Northers mistakenly call him Iden with an “I” but the Southers know him as “Eden” that is to say, Iden the Thirsty.
Iden towers ten feet tall on most sightings but has been known to swell to twice that when full. He is a malevolent spirit of more than three hundred years. His evil knows no bounds and craves the living spirit of man and child alike. None that enter his sphere survive.
Orthia and her friends have been restricted to their dwellings for weeks while the town hunted Iden and his scavengers. Though he evaded capture, the majority of his entourage entered into oblivion, reducing his power. His last known sighting was the other side of the planet giving hope that he would remain there for some time. The town was free to travel and this was in fact the eighteenth day of freedom for all.
Spying a sanctuary platform — a concrete slab reinforced with metal structure and laced with dozens of fanciful charms and gold lettered writings — Orthia changes direction. Norma stays with her while Eugenia veers to their right all the while glancing over her shoulder in stark fear as she runs. Eugenia has not thought to look over the other shoulder or listen for her comrades’ footfalls. Instead she runs with her heart in her throat.
Norma and Orthia reach the platform in the nick of time. They fall to their knees and gather around glowing writing. Each chants the words they see again and again, an incantation to ward off evil. When they see no demons approaching, they brave a glance into the field. They discover their missing friend.
“Eugenia!” they shout in futility. Eugenia moves to and fro, checking over her shoulder with fright etched into her face. Her pounding heart, heavy breathing, and footfalls drown all other sound. She pumps her arms and runs harder.
At her next look ahead of her, Eugenia sees a sight that makes her stop in her tracks: ahead waits two spirits in the shape of men. Each glows from a dull luster to a bright specter before dimming again. She skids to a stop short of them. Looking behind her she sees a ten-foot Iden. She turns back to those in front of her.
Eugenia calculates her chances with the man sized spirits as opposed to Iden. She hears the screams of her friends though their warning came too late. Eugenia looks to the huddled girls in the center of the safe platform. She stretches out a desperate hand in their direction as if they can pull her to safety.
Iden roars, bringing her back to reality.
Eugenia thinks she will be dead soon. She stops to recalculate her chances. She will run. She will face the two shimmering men and if fast enough, she will zoom between them and keep running. It is a sound plan. The best she can come up with. Not sparing another minute, she gathers a head of steam to run full force toward them.
Norma and Orthia cannot take their eyes off their friend and the sight that unfolds before them. They expect Iden the Thirsty to swarm Eugenia as he did to Norma’s father and mother just last spring. Instead, the giant spirit becomes more solid in appearance and looks like a man floating in the sky with his hair moving about as if driven by the wind. Stubble covers his face and hides what is no doubt a giant mouth with sharp elongated teeth for devouring his prey. Many watched him catch a man and scoop him into the air and chomp down on his head to decapitate him. Iden then turned the man up as if he were a glass to drink his insides. Iden is the most vicious spirit the world faces. He looks on in amusement as their friend runs toward his companions. It is in that instant that Orthia guesses his intention. With all the vocal energy she can muster, she turns to Eugenia. “Stop! Eugenia! No! Stop!”
Alas it is all for naught. Eugenia cannot hear past the pounding of her heart. The thirteen-year-old girl runs as if her life depends on it. She hits the gap between the men bringing momentary hope to her friends and her as it appears she might be successful and gain her freedom. Then, the truth of her doom reveals itself. Eugenia isn’t going anywhere. In their lust to show their strength and evil, they allow the charade but only for a moment. At the exact instant Eugenia’s face shows signs of victory, they pounce. She zooms between them as expected and takes three steps to freedom when they lower the boom.
Each of the spirits stretches and wraps around the fleeing girl. Orthia watches, remembering the icy feeling she experienced when a spirit woman’s hand caressed her back to end her. If not for her father’s intervention she would have been gone three years now, four days short of her fourteenth birthday.
Orthia shakes off the memory to focus on her friend. She regrets the stupor she has been in because it is at that moment that Eugenia yells in terror. The girl lifts off her feet, turns upside down, and flails in the air like a ragdoll. Eugenia kicks air with her feet. Eugenia bats at air with her hands. Eugenia screams and screams and with each scream she feels a ripping of her soul, a ripping she knows means her end.
She falls to the ground encased in a mass of energy that brightens around her. Inside this bubble she fights her losing battle but is grateful for the one redeeming feature of the bubble: her friends will not see her die. She has that small luxury.
The two men that pin Eugenia to the ground come into view. One rips energy from her and she sees the transfer. She sees his dark eyes grow green with full color. His sadistic smile invokes another rip from her and she sees blond hair cascade down his face in wavy locks. She thinks for a moment to touch them and feel their softness and then she is hit with another wave. She screams and turns her head to see the other man grow dark in complexion with brown eyes and short black hair.
Eugenia pants her last breaths clinging to the hope that they will spare her the last of her energy. She has seen it done by a generous spirit outside her schoolroom window. Perhaps it will happen to her.
A huge tug comes from her middle. She shakes violently. Rip after rip come. She feels each one. Her consciousness dims with each rip. Little by little she fades in step with her dimming view of the world. Another minute and a last rip and she fades.
Two men stand as if birthed from the experience.
Iden, satiated by the events, roars. He whirls into a tornado and moves toward the men. The men jump into the whirlwind and it moves off across the field and disappears.
The two girls leave their safety with caution. They peer upon the morbid stain that stands as the marker for a lost friend. They come to within a few steps then stop, believing they are close enough. Why should they sear the bowels of their comrade into their young minds for all time? Together they turn. Walking is not an option. Iden may return. They resume their previous run to the gate. Not a word passes between them. They run all the way home to tell of their friend’s demise and alert the town of Iden’s return.

#  #  #

The townspeople listen with shock and fear etched into their faces as the girls stand before them recounting their tale of horror. This is the third time they told the tale and each time they add more details, some they forgot, others they embellished. For two so young to have the town’s full attention brings warmness to them they have never known. They recount their tale with wide arm movements and expressive faces, eager to repeat if a new person enters their group.
“I knew it,” says Pallan, the town constable.
“What do we do?” several scream to no one in particular.
Pallan sits upon the stage across from the girls. He stands and crosses to them to deliver a gentle pat to each shoulder. He motions for them to sit then turns to the crowd. He motions for calmness with his arms. “All right, all right. Sit down. Sit down, everybody. All right, listen to me, people. We are fortunate that Demon Warriors are with us. We hired a team from Swalla to rid us of Iden and his minions. Everyone, please welcome the Bladsworths of Swalla Prime.”
Thunderous applause rose.
Three men and a woman dressed in black cross the stage. They wear long black overcoats with gold lettering decorating all sides of the silk-like coats. Each holds a stern look that says don’t mess with me. They advance stride for stride as if a part of a larger creature. They stop in the middle of the stage facing the happy crowd that claps nonstop. Though the townspeople know not these brave warriors, they can make out various golden characters decorating their garbs. Characters used in black magic incantations to bind spirits and demons. The crowd claps all the more as the group turns their backs to allow them to read the lettering there.
It is then that a man at the corner of the stage throws a vase to the stage. The green vase breaks into a thousand pieces, releasing a dust cloud. For a moment the crowd gasps in silence as the dust rises. Near the ceiling it forms a cohesive being, a spirit. The bright green spirit circles the ceiling with a malevolent look upon its face, stopping to gnash its teeth at the gawkers below.
Like a well-rehearsed move, the four strangers reach into their right pocket, pull out a box, called a Hitton, and sling it forward with precision and skill.
Each bug-eyed audience member watches the tumbling boxes as if passing a wreck on the side of the road; none can turn away. The boxes tumble end over end until they come to a stop at the edge of the stage. A collective gasp rises as they marvel at the fact that the boxes did not fall to the floor. Seconds later as the four figures crouch low, the boxes open with bright lights that shine on the ceiling. The people gawk with open mouths as the glittering lights dance high above for all to see.
The spirit howls at the people and then the dancing lights. It roams around dodging the areas moving in and out of the ceiling, popping in at different points. The crowd moves their heads from side to side each time the spirit appears. It is a dance they enjoy.
With little time elapsing, the four figures dive forward to grab their boxes. They aim the decorative boxes at the dodging spirit. As the creature reappears, the woman’s aim proves true, her light catches and holds the creature. It struggles in clear view of the awed crowd. A second light catches it, then a third and a fourth. The creature releases a loud howl. Moments later it is pulled from the ceiling while it struggles to gain ground, reaching out its hands toward the safety of the ceiling. It howls and struggles more.
One by one they shut their lights off. Last, the woman’s light remains. She chants a spell that intensifies her light. The others join in and with a changing of her light from clear to dark blue, the struggling spirit howls before flying into her box, knocking her backward with its force. The light disappears and the box closes.
The crowd applauds. Hands clap and wave to Glory. Whistles erupt. Cheer after cheer circles the building as the four figures come together to stand shoulder to shoulder in the center of the stage. Each thrusts out their chest and holds their chin high soaking up the revelry with their boxes at their sides. They are heroes. They are worshipped. They love it.
The constable took the stage in dramatic form. “You saw it with your own eyes. These people are our salvation. They and their Hittons will send Iden and his compatriots to the hell they deserve. To Mardour with them all!”
“To Mardour with them all!” they echoed.
The crowd cheered all the more.
The following day the small group journeyed with two others as their guides to an area Iden frequented. The giant spirit never hid, there was no reason to. He floated in clear view of all high in the blue sky like a vulture circling above a waiting meal. There was a faint smell of cinnamon in the air. One of the guides pointed and they ran in that direction as a unit. They pushed themselves to their limits gazing on Iden to make sure he remained in his position. He did.
Finally they arrive. They stop to gawk from their high position on a hillside into a small valley below while remaining hidden from the circling Iden above. It is there that they witness undead men, called ghouls or zombies circling a man and a woman. The couple holds pitchforks. The man wears a farmer’s straw hat. They have their backs to each other defending with their pitchforks against the ghouls while a red specter floats behind the ghouls.
At first it is unclear as to why Iden circles and the specter remains in position behind the ghouls. Then it becomes clear to all as they see that the couple stands on a small six square foot slab of white concrete with black lettering. There they stand, in the middle of a giant star painted in black with gold characters drawn at each tip of the star and at each corner of the slab. They have done well to find it. People are taught at an early age that when chased by spirits to seek out the Bessie slabs, named after the first creator Master Bessie, the first powerful Caster/Summoner.
They stand yelling and jabbing whenever a ghoul dares to approach. They drive it back then return to the center as if glued to the back of the other.
Damien Bladsworth was the eldest of the group of four. He motions like a military leader with hand gestures for them to spread out and approach with stealth. They comply. Byron Bladsworth is the youngest. Though all had dark hair his is the lightest of the pack. His gray eyes scan the area to his right as he makes his way from his hidden position through a tight crevice to open land. He falls to his belly and slithers to a giant rock. He signals to Damien with a careful confident nod.
Kenya Bladsworth is engaged to Damien. Her thick black curls match his. Each comes from the wastelands of North Swalla as adopted children and train together after Master Bladsworth purchased them for their rare gifts. Kenya slinks along a cliff’s edge. She is the most talented of the group, a true caster. Her gray eyes gaze up at Iden circling. Though he looks in her direction he will never see her for she enchanted herself to become invisible. Kenya appears as the surrounding rock to any who view her. She slinks along the edge of the rocks until she reaches her optimum angle of attack. From here, neither Iden nor the hovering specter will see her. She becomes visible and fastens her eyes on Damien who watched not her, but the moving rocks in her wake. He winks. She smiles then nods.
The last of their group is Cory Bladsworth. Cory comes to the family after Kenya and before Byron. Tattoos grace every inch of his pale arms, neck, and face. From a distance he appears as a serpent and often wishes he had a forked tongue. If he succeeds today he will make it a priority when they return home.
When Damien reaches his new position he gives the order with silent hand motions. They yell and run at the ghouls. The startled ghouls turn only to be rushed and knocked to the ground by the Bladsworths. They hold the ghouls to the ground while chanting Allastar’s Hope. Disembodied hands reach from the soil to grab the ghouls and clamp around their shoulders, torsos, and legs. With a final loud chant the struggling and howling ghouls vanish beneath the soil.
“Awwww!” roars Iden. His face fills with red. His eyes darken. His yellow teeth grow taller and sharper. “Awwww!”
The red spirit releases its howl, “Awww!”
The spirit shimmers then splinters into two blobs. Both howl then splinter again.
The Bladsworths stand in a single line all glaring with hatred at the spirits before them. They remove their overcoats keeping their eye on their targets. Their black shirts and pants show more of the gold inscriptions. Each has a black belt with pouch on one side and their Hitton box on the other. They flex their fingers as if readying to draw their weapons in an old fashion Wild West shootout.
“Get ‘em,” shouts Damien.
They give a battle cry and charge ahead. It is Kenya who reaches for her pouch in mid stride and slings a marble-like projectile at the spirit before her. The dark marble bursts beneath the spirit and spreads upon the ground as a giant sinkhole. Kenya dives beneath the spirit through the hole. She reappears a foot behind the spirit. As soon as it turns she releases her battle cry. The creature’s eyes move toward her middle and see the box she holds. Its eyes widen. Its head becomes more human as it faces tragedy. It tries to flee but the box opens and a bright light hits it midsection. The spirit howls and turns to get away. It solidifies into a more human shape above the ground. Kenya chants in a fast tone while gazing and clutching her box with both hands. At a fever pitch the spirit screams then flies backward into her box and it closes with a thud.
“Filas Bedosee!”
Her decorative box opens. No light comes from it. She looks inside to see a small red pebble display intermittent light. She reaches into the box to grab the pebble. She places it in a pouch on her belt and smiles ear to ear as she looks up to see how her family fares. All touch their belts to indicate their victories.
Though her family nods and praises one another with confidence, only Damien stands watching her with a matching smile. He sees her face contort. He looks behind him but is too late. Iden snatches and pulls him skyward by his feet. Damien watches his box fall to the ground and with its ever-increasing distance his hope fades. Iden the Thirsty grew to a solid form as Damien withers while being hauled skyward into the dense clouds.
The others watch with gaping mouths and thumping hearts. They love their jobs and are aware of the dangers. They are adrenaline junkies who can do nothing but fix their eyes on a black object that falls from a cloud. They watch it descend to the ground. When it touches down they gather around it as if in mourning: Damien’s pouch.
Kenya kneels to extend a trembling finger to caress the pouch.
“Look out!” screams the couple from their Bessie slab.
Kenya stops. All heads turn at the sound of a whooshing wind. Iden is back and the reason he is called thirsty is because he is insatiable. He grows from feeding on Damien though it isn’t enough. He wants more souls and grabs at them. Byron, grabbed by his arm, can do nothing but watch as his feet hit the kneeling Kenya in her head. She falls and her head cracks against a rock and spills redness onto the ground. The other two, snatched up in anger and thirst, soar high in the air and scream as they disappear into clouds. Their plans for capturing Iden had gone awry. They will not be heroes, they will be more victims of Iden the Thirsty.


Chapter 3: Birth


Every so often father looks back at me with a scowl upon his face. I can’t blame him, he is old and having to walk over the rough dirt roads with jagged rocks isn’t easy. Not at his age and not at mine. I look at mother struggling to keep up. She wears a happy smile but I know she is hurting inside. She holds her belly, rubbing to soothe both her and my sister. It hurts my heart that it is all my fault. I didn’t complain, it was mom who stepped up and demanded father return the wagon for me. It not only cost us the wagon and horses, it cost us our meager possessions, food, and shoes as well.
The only saving grace is that the man wasn’t as mean as I first assumed and gave us a ride that brought us closer to our destination. I can see it from the road, bright as day. It is a mud shack as I call them. It is basic wood with mud applied to all sides. Grass and flowers grow around it to hide it and provide shade which cools the inside though it keeps the inside dark. I love the floors — concrete slabs with the customary spells written in black paint. I always think of them as beautiful masterpieces, each written by different Casters to make them unique works of art.
I am too young to know their meaning and accept them for what they are: safe havens. Father will not need to pitch the tent the man left us with as he drove off. That is good news, tents take forever and my stomach usually chooses that time to growl.
I pick up my pace to join my parents. Soon I will have company. Of course that means I will be traded or sold since our family cannot afford two mouths to feed besides their two. That is papa’s favorite line when he grumbles. I don’t worry as I should because it is a hollow threat when mom is around, that is, except for the last time. Now if he says it to me I might just cringe knowing what I now know.
“Isabelle?”
The thin door shakes as father pounds it. It flies open wide. There, standing before us, an elderly lady wears a shabby green dress with ruffled collar and sleeves. No one needs to tell me about her, I know by looking. The woman’s eyes are small and dark, they hold no light. Her skin is clammy and loose. I want to touch it out of curiosity knowing full well it is cold and rough. Her dress, the one she wore when laid to rest, has rips on the sides that now have been sewn closed but with no tact or carrying. She is dead—a returned soul. She is a servant of the household and family to whoever lives here.
“Isabelle is expecting my wife,” says father.
The woman views each of us with her cold dead eyes then turns leaving the door open for us to follow. Father did. Then mother and last, I. These places fascinate me. A brilliant idea births itself. My heart captures my secret and beats hard against my chest threatening to fling itself outward for all the world to see. I put my hand over my chest to keep it steady as I make my way to a corner of the room to keep out of the way.
“Johnny?” asks a woman who startles me.
“Isabelle.” My father embraces her. He brings her to mother. She lifts mother’s head to search her neck for some unknown reason. She then has mother open her mouth. Last, she checks her ears.
“Well?” asks father.
“Lucy!” the woman shouts.
The wall next to me shimmers, giving me a quick fright. My breath catches. I look to the others with what I know to be large saucers for eyes. Their faces are calm. I thought spirits couldn’t enter rooms protected by spells. The shock of learning the truth increases both breathing and heart rate. I begin sweating though I know it must be all right because none of the others show signs of fear. I move closer to mother out of instinct. I am small and can fit in the smallest of spaces with ease. Father shoves me aside as if I were a nuisance. I look about then choose to hide behind the dead woman for safety. I hide behind her but peek to see where the spirit went. It hovers in front of mother resembling an orange shapeless blob. Mother takes off her shirt then nods at the woman.
“Enter,” commands Isabelle.
Mother holds her hands on the sides of her belly. She rubs then she quiets Sybil with a “Shhh” and gentle pat. She braces and watches the spirit dive in the space between her hands. Mother sways. It reminds me of her trembling lips and shortness of breath last winter. Her lips turn the same shade of blue. For a moment she shakes, then stops. Her belly glows bright orange. I try praying but she glows brighter and I, like all the others, watch with my mouth wide open.
I can see a dark lump in the orange light. I wonder if it is Sybil or the spirit. After more moments of brightness the glow dims then fades. The spirit emerges. It wanders over to Isabelle and stands facing her looking more the outline of a person than a shapeless blob.
Isabelle nods several times. She speaks in whispers to the spirit which nods in agreement. It then rises toward the ceiling and disappears leaving a small orange dot behind. I look to the rest of the ceiling to view the many orange dots it contains. I hadn’t noticed them before and would never have if not for seeing the spirit move in that direction. Each dot must represent a visit. There are so many. I cannot count that high if my life depended on it.
“Well?” asks father. His loud voice focuses my attention.
“She is fine. She has all her toes and fingers. No abnormalities. No diseases.”
“Skills?” his breath increases. I wonder if he did the same with me.
“Sybil has talent that needs nurturing. She has casting skills.”
Father’s eyes light at the news. To be a caster is what parents strive for. It means your child will be raised in a castle and attend private schools. It means that the parents will be taken care of while the child trains. My parents’ status increased tenfold. No longer will they have to forage in the woods and abandoned ruins in the outer realm. No longer will they wear dirty and torn clothing. Tailored suits are in their future. They are parents of a caster and if Sybil practices day and night, which she will, they can become Dukes or Masters.
“How much power does she have?” I want to know as much as he.
Isabelle turns to mother. She smiles. “Are you okay?”
Mother nods then lowers her eyes.
“Well?” barks father again. He must have gotten the words from me. I so want to know the answer to that question.
“At least level four,” Isabelle says with a hand to her hip as if tired of us. “Maybe six if she isn’t hardheaded and listens.”
“Don’t worry, she listens already.” Father squeezes mother’s rubbing hand.  “How long until she is born?”
“Two days,” says Isabelle.
Father tenses. He flexes his right hand. I am afraid he will look at me so I slide further behind the dead woman. I peek to the ceiling expecting a return. Sometimes strong emotions draw them toward you.
“We don’t have two days,” shouts father, his vein pulsing, moving away from the wrinkled flesh of his neck. I cringe then look up again. “We need to do this now!”
“John,” says mother in that way that she speaks calmness to his being. “It will be all right. I am well, that is the important part.” She looks to me for the last part. I always treasure her smile. My mother has gifts: her voice for him and her smile for me. I thought I hid well but she knew where I was. I am grateful. I come out into the open. I close the distance between us and she hugs me.
“Can we stay?” father asks in a more reasonable almost humble tone.
“Yes, of course,” says Isabelle. “Janine is at your disposal. Rest in the back room.” She turns to the dead woman. “Show them their room and attend to their needs, Janine.”
The dead woman bows toward Isabelle then turns to us. She motions with her hand and turns. We follow without complaint. I’m sure they are caught up in the excitement of Sybil’s birth. Janine intrigues me. I watch the top of her head as she walks, examining her hair, wondering if it moves like mine. We are not rich enough to have servants so when we come across one I study them. Don’t ask me why, I don’t know. I just do.
I wonder why some dead talk while others don’t. I wonder why some look like they did at their visitations while others look as if they are thousands of years old, mostly bone with bits of flesh clinging to them. Some smell. All our cold. And if you are lucky enough to own one you have an easier life. Servants are great.
“Thank you,” said mom after viewing our small room. This place is bigger on the inside. I thought it was only one room, but now I know better. I count three rooms already and intend to search while the others sleep.
“We require blankets,” says father in a flippant tone. I smile at her. She nods then leaves the room. I wonder if dad hurt her feelings.
“John, you don’t have to be so mean.”
“I wasn’t mean, Becky. What does it matter anyway?”
“It does,” says mom in a stronger voice.
Dad huffs.
I watch him take a sleeping sheet and unroll it. I look to the floor to marvel at the gold characters that litter the floor. I wish I knew their meaning. I wish I could go to school like Sybil. Then my earlier thought strikes me. I move to mother sitting in a chair against the far wall.
“Momma?”
“Yeah, baby?”
“Momma, can I be like Janine?”
“What?”
“I want to be like Janine.”
“What?” she gives me this odd look I hadn’t seen from her. “Janine is dead.”
“I know. If I am like her, you can keep me when Sybil comes. We can live together forever.” I look at her pleading with my eyes, hoping she understands me. I think it is a brilliant plan. I won’t need food or water or a bed. It is the perfect solution.
I know I am wrong when she gives me her telling look. She furrows her brow then places her hands over the top of her belly. I wait for the smile and sure enough it comes. “You are not going to be sold, Nista. I—”
“Becky!”
We both turn to see our thin sheet covering the small straw bed that sits against the wall. I help mother to her feet and to the bed.
“Over there,” orders father.
“Yes, sir.” I take my place at the foot of the bed wishing we hadn’t been interrupted. I will have to ask again. I have two days. I will get my way, I am sure of it.

The next morning I help Janine feed the livestock. Never have I seen such grim and thin animals. They eat sparingly as we do. I offer a pat and rub as I feed hay to what I think is a horse. Perhaps it is a goat. I will know if they ask me to milk it. Next, I go to roundup stray chickens and boy can they run.
I chase the heathens all over the place. I catch them and place them back in their pen then chase more. I catch the last one and begin my journey back. I have gone through trees and over a hill chasing the creature. I hold it by its scrawny neck and on occasion squeeze a little extra tight to teach it never to try me again. I know it is wrong but I can’t help it. The squeezing gives me joy.
I squeeze and listen to its wretched whine. I grin.
I make it over the hill and at the end of the woods the little mud shack comes into view. I feel hungry and thirsty so I squeeze again blaming the chicken for my condition. At the edge of the woods I hear a strange sound. It is more of a rumbling or loud wind. I look behind me and drop the chicken. While I stare the chicken runs away. I am only in this weird state of mind for a minute. To see what stands before me messes with my mind. It is huge and black and shapeless, a dark storm cloud that hovers high in the tops of the trees. I crane my neck upward to catch it and watch it descend with the gentle grace of a feather. Running will be the smart option, I am not smart. It hovers midway down before descending to within three feet of the ground.
It shimmers.
It pulls itself inward to take the outline of a person. I sniff the air. It smells of a disgusting cinnamon. I have time to run but choose to stay and watch. I don’t know why, I just do. I should have searched for an enchanted slab to crouch on for safety. I should have known where to find such a slab, it was part of my training. Chasing the chickens proves disastrous in more ways than one. How can I have forgotten job one? I know what it is, I have to know things for myself and this is like . . . wow. At first it is a dark, man-shaped thing. Its eyes are white and it has a slit for a mouth. I should run. I gawk. It moves toward me and extends a hand to me. I reach out to touch its hand and it delivers an electrical shock. It is a curious sensation. Thrilling. I watch the ghostly hand come to rest on my left shoulder. I look to its face. Before me a face appears from the dark mist that makes up its head. The round head grows shoulder length hair. I wonder what color it is.
I look to its eyes as they fill in to become a soft hazel with a blue ring at the outer edge. Its lips form. My nostrils flare to take in a stronger scent. It reminds me of my mother’s baking bread. I love it, that is, when we can afford the expensive ingredients. I think of our old stove and as it forms in my mind, something goes off in my head, something like a loud ringing bell. At that moment I feel a heavy hand on my shoulder. I turn to see long slender fingers take full shape and tap my shoulder. It feels wonderful. The feeling fades when the hand stops tapping and digs into my shoulder like a bird’s claw grasping and carrying off a rodent. It begins to hurt. I then feel the other hand on my other shoulder and it too digs in with an insatiable grip. I move trying to struggle free but can’t. I turn back to the round face and it smiles at me. I know the smile. It is malevolent, twisted with evil. Then I smell a foul odor. Did it breathe on me?
In a panic I grip it trying to push it from me. It holds on and more of the face forms. It is a boy. He is tall, perhaps twice my age. I feel weak. Sleep begins calling me but it is not the good sleep. I have heard about this sleep. I panic, hyperventilating as I struggle to break free.
For the first time I worry. Not only is this boy getting stronger and becoming more human, I am getting weaker and feeling sleepy. If I close my eyes I might fade into nonexistence. With no one to help me, I stop struggling in an effort to collect my strength. It worked on one of the smaller spirits last year so it is worth a try. I go slack in its grip and feel stronger pressure at my shoulders. I gather my strength and feel heat at my feet. It sweeps up my legs and stops in the middle. I imagine it to be the sun swirling around my stomach. I imagine it to be angry. I open my eyes and grip the boy as hard as I can.
I stare into his hazel eyes and dare him to look into my gray ones. I hiss, feeling the burning in my middle. I can’t say if it is both of us or not. What I know is that the boy stops turning human and begins to dim. He goes to nothing and then he is on me again with a force that almost knocks me off my feet. He is back with more human features than before. I should be fearful staring into his smiling face but fear is nowhere in sight. I stare with purpose and concentrate on the ball of fire within me. I push as hard as I can trying to drive the fire through my arms and into him. He glows and then dims again. He flashes back and as I push harder I hear his scream.
“Faker! It’s the False Light! Run!”
I don’t know what he means, but see a rustling in the trees. I hear another scream come from him. I know that scream. I push harder. He glows as bright as the sun. His features fade and he becomes a shapeless blob though I still hear the screams. I push again. He grows brighter and shatters into a million pieces.
I fall to the ground as if struck in the back of the head.
I wake to my mother’s worried face. A man is there I hadn’t seen before. My mother takes a towel from Janine’s hand and wipes my face. I let the coolness of the towel wash over me, losing myself in the cool feeling and closing my eyes to enjoy it. Remembering I was in the woods, I open my eyes and sit up to view our little room. I look to the strange man and then my mother.
“Momma?”
“Hey, baby. You okay?”
“I guess.” My response is weak and so low I know she didn’t hear me. “I’m okay.” I say louder. I look at the stranger.
“This is Cronus,” she answers my look. “He will take you.” Her look is sharper this time. It is the way she speaks when she doesn’t want a challenge or discussion. I lower my head then lie back on the straw bed. “I said I had a plan, Nista. This is it. You are pledged to him. Remember all that I taught you and be obedient. Answer me, Nista.”
I open my eyes. I try not to look at him. I can convince her with my eyes. I look at her trying every trick I know to get her to change her mind.
“Nista.”
“Okay.”
I close my eyes again. I hear them talking. Their voices fade, then there is a slam. It is the door. I shut my eyes tighter vowing not to cry. Not to make trouble and accept that my mother knows best. I try staying awake to listen. I must have been weaker than I thought, I fell asleep.
The next morning I wake to screams. I roll to the end of the bed to the floor. I want to go underneath it to hide but it is on the floor. I push myself into its side and go still, listening.
The awful yell comes again. It takes time but after several yells I recognize my mother’s voice. A few more screams and a swat and a new wail begins. It is a pleasant sound that reminds me of music. It warms me inside. Finding the courage to creep to the door, I open it enough to peek into the next room. Janine is busy cleaning the floor. Mother lies with her knees bent at an odd angle on her side crying. I want to see her face. The back of her head bobs in front of me. Looking ahead of her, father holds little Sybil in his arms. His broad smile brings back memories of years past. It warms me.
Isabelle comes to father to check Sybil. Three others stand near, one writing in a book while another presses a seal on the paper. The other wears a large, black, cone-shaped hat with strange lettering stenciled in gold that matches the rest of his garment. His face is pale and his beard and hair are white and long. I watch one of his long thin fingers stroke the side of Sybil’s head when he finishes writing. He looks as proud as poppa. Sybil screams. Daddy rocks her and sings to her, already a different man with her than he is with me. I love Sybil. I wish I were her and knew my fate as she would come to know hers.
In a blink the door pushes open.
“Take her,” says father, “she’s yours.”
“Daddy?”
“Go with him, Nista. You can’t come with us.”
“I can go. I can be like Janine. I won’t be any trouble.” I brush a lock of black hair from my eyes to gaze into his. If he sees my eyes he might change his mind and keep me.
“Nista, we have talked of this many times. You know the rules we live by. We are Outworlders and this is our life. We survive by obeying the law. Be obedient. We have kept you too long as it is. You will be treated fair. Cronus is an important man. He knows many on the council. To be in his employ is good for you.”
“Alright.” What else can I say?
Cronus stands beside me. He places his hand on my shoulder. The weight of the world is upon me.


Chapter 4: Star of David


The tiny town of Steading stands at the edge of civilization. The town consists of a few dozen houses separated from other towns by its location across a wide river. The people are farmers and reflect the design of their town in their great love and business venture. Meaning, the central street of the town holds houses and behind each house sits a large field for farming. The people live at their place of employment. They wake and go out their back doors to their farmland. They farm all day and return at sundown to sleep, only to begin the ritual the next morning.
It is on the far side of this small town that Haval Bladsworth lifts a silver metallic rod. The four-foot long rod weighs one hundred pounds. He struggles under the weight but will not call for assistance. Determination fuels him, that and the memory of his brother’s gruesome death at the hands of Iden and his minions. Today Iden will pay and give up the ghost if he were human. Being spirit, he will give up existence. That is the price he will pay for taking the life of a young man of seven years whose life would’ve added richness to all he touched. Iden will pay.
Haval struggles but manages a steady move some twenty yards away. There, he angles the rod and maneuvers it to descend into a hole in the ground he made earlier. After getting it set in place, Haval steps from the rod to a distance away to observe his creation. This will be his masterpiece and today, the day of reckoning.
The structure stretches across the ground before him consisting of six rods placed at points to form a Star of David that is visible only to himself. He closes his eyes and imagines each point in the star. Though he resists creating a drawing on the ground, he needs to finish with some form of connection to make it work.
A neighing sound comes from his right. Haval turns his head to view the goats. This will be a significant spell requiring lots of blood to activate. He performed the ritual on a small scale last year to catch a spirit stealing life energy from playground children. The star functioned without a hitch, so to increase the scale will not cause any significant problems. It is a matter of building the rods and meticulously placing them inches above ground in the desired pattern. Last month they completed all work below ground. This will be his crowning achievement, remembered for all times to come.
Haval sighs. He owns a small animal farm and treats each animal with tender care. On the day that he lost his first goat—it passed in its sleep—he cried for half the day and then held a funeral. For him to do what this job calls for weighs heavy on his heart. He says a prayer that lasted longer than it should have then performs the first sealing chant. When completed, Haval moves to the two goats. He bows in honor before both then grabs the first. Haval takes the goat behind a structure out of the view of the other. He then returns to retrieve the last. These two he tie by their hind legs and dangle them from a rope in a tree. With a second prayer for forgiveness and swift cut to the neck, he catches their blood in buckets beneath their heads. The entire time their blood flows he chants while rocking back and forth upon the ground sitting in Indian fashion. He thinks of Rosa, his goat that died in its sleep, and wipes tears from his eyes so he can finish his job and go home to his beloved creatures.
The first bucket of blood flows in a straight line connecting half the rods, circling them before moving to the next. The second bucket completes the connection. As he chants further, he feels the whooshing wind that tells him his spell is active. He tosses the bucket. He lifts the bag of salt at his feet and tosses it about while reciting a new chant. When completed, the blood lines disappear. Haval feels the power of the star circle and know it to be in force though hidden from all but him.
Haval performs the last ritual and douses himself with the remaining salt. With that done he can freely pass through the circle. He exits. He will try a new dish at the local restaurant while he waits to spring his trap before leaving for home. This will be his final act. He looks forward to a long retirement.

#  #  #

It is here that Jennifer lives.
Jennifer Kand, a dainty woman, married a man pledging his unconditional love for her. On this day she celebrates the birth of her one-year-old son Quentin. The young man blows out his one candle shaped in the form of a bird. Thunderous applause arises from all in attendance at the momentous occasion. They sing a song to him he doesn’t understand but by the swaying of his body, feels. Young Quentin sits at the seat of honor feasting on a piece of rich cake served to him by a doting mother.
Demetrius walks into the house, caked with dirt from the fields. His wife runs to him to pull him near his son. Demetrius bestows a kiss on young Quentin. He holds the small boy above his head for all to see. “My son, the future.”
“The future,” cheers the crowd.
Demetrius dotes as much as his wife. He hoists the young man on his broad shoulders and walks around the gathering boasting of a brave new future with a brave new leader.
The last to enter the gathering, Draco, his son from a former relationship. Draco stands six feet with peach fuzz donning his upper lip. As a man of sixteen years he would declare his heart and take a wife in six months. They will be given a piece of land on the west end of town. Draco gives a tight smile to the half-brother riding on his father’s shoulders. As the boy continues his ride Draco makes his way through the crowd to the kitchen.
“Cadell?”
“Draco! Is that you?”
Draco laughs. He slaps the old man on his back and sits next to him. He takes the man’s strong drink and swallows it down. “Oooh, good!”
Cadell gives a hearty laugh from his huge gut. He fastens his eyes on the young lad, leaning in to make his words pointed and soft. “Are you sure about this, Draco?”
“I’m sure.”
“You don’t have anything to prove.”
“I know.”
“I mean it, Draco, you have nothing to prove. You do this and you may die.”
Draco leans in to the man to stare deeper into his eyes. “If I don’t do this, everyone dies. If I got to go, I want to go first and on my terms.”
Cadell scratches his receding hairline. He measures the young man knowing he has something to prove now that he is no longer the favored son. Should he let the youth risk his life in an attempt to win favor with his estranged father? Somebody has to do it. Why not him? Cadell chuckles at his private joke.
“Haval is ready. Can you lure Iden into the trap?”
“Yes.”
Cadell studies the younger man. Though Draco is wet behind the ears and has a slight shake to his hands and perspires a tad too much, his clenched jaw proves his determination and therefore his reliability. Cadell nods his approval then calls over a burly man with red hair. The three huddle over the plans while the others celebrate in the other room.
“Tomorrow morning,” says the big man.
“Tomorrow morning,” says Draco, shaking his hand to seal their agreement.
“Tomorrow morning,” echoes Cadell, shaking the hand of both.
The three men leave by way of the back door. Someone will have to relay the change in plans to Haval while the others ready for the final assault.
In the morning, Haval waits to spring his trap. He enjoys a small breakfast on a small porch of the last house that sits next to his creation. He peers over with the admiration a father has for his son. Soon, his creation will be the talk of the world and he, hailed as the conquering hero, the vanquisher of Iden the Thirsty. He wears a wide grin as he brings a small cup to his lips to sip his strong brew.
A man runs up the street sometime later. He stops in front of Haval and bends to catch his breath. After huffing and puffing he straightens. “They’re coming,” he pants, “Draco and the others.”
Haval stands with a mixture of excitement and fear on his face. “Now?”
“Yes,” says the man, turning and pointing.
Haval and another man run to the edge to witness the sight. And just as the man said, they see Draco in an all-out run, sucking air as he moves like the wind to avoid the outstretched hands of his pursuers. Six others run with Draco to make the appetizing buffet. They follow a choreographed plan that leads them down the street toward their destination. Behind their screams come more high-pitched screams of pleasure as ghouls chase from the ground while spirits soar through the air longing to capture and devour those ahead of them.
They pass by several houses that hold watchful eyes comprised of townspeople as well as city dwellers come to witness or participate in the destruction of Iden. Curtains and blinds open and close by the smallest of degrees while darting eyes peer from behind them. They watch as the men run and ghouls chase.
Those who watch from behind closed doors are in for a treat. They watch Iden in full human form dash ahead of the other spirits. Iden, outlined in red, focuses on a slow moving fat man. Like a lion spotting the weak link in the herd, Iden grins. He stands fifteen feet tall with a menacing glare and crimson streaked eyes that swirl in tornado fashion. He flashes his teeth as the men in the lead put their hands over their heads and run underneath him to continue on their path. Iden’s teeth resemble the zombie ghoulish creatures that run after the men — all pointy and yellow tinted to frighten all that look on them. He let the others pass then stretch a long arm that becomes a rope in which he uses to clothesline the fat man that trails. The man falls to the ground. Three ghouls jump on him while the rest chase after the feast that runs ahead of them.
The plump man tosses and turns while ghouls restrain him. The first ghoul stands wailing over the man to frighten him more. The tatter-clad, zombie-like creature extends a long withered hand while the others hold him in place. It touches his chest then closes its hand as if it has a part of something tangible. It pulls hard. A visible spark flies from the struggling man’s chest to the tightened fist. The ghoul puts his fist to his mouth and munches as if devouring a meal he holds in his palm. The ghoulish creature transforms to a more lively being. It then holds the man while another takes a rip at him. Before long, the man grows still, ripped to shreds while living, breathing men stand around his body, freshly transformed from his life essence.
While that scene plays out, the others run toward the corner at the last house. They slow as they make their way through the center of the hidden star. Although a dangerous maneuver, it is necessary to allow their pursuers to gain ground and lull them into a false sense of security so they will not see the trap they walk into. The dangerous game causes another to lose his life to the voracious hoard.
Haval makes his way to his position in a small storage shed with Pallan and the others.
“Now,” screams Pallan.
“No!” bellows Haval, “we want Iden. We have to wait for him.”
“Are you crazy, man? They are in the zone. If you don’t act now they will leave and the opportunity will be lost.”
“They are not important!” Haval’s cheeks flame red as he tries keeping his voice low. Soon he won’t have to because as more spirits run through their kill zone the noise level increases. Soon Iden himself will be there and with him, the noise that follows a tornado as it touches ground, shaking the ground in its wake.
“I’m acting now,” said Pallan.
Pallan and Haval hold decorative boxes with a gold finish. Each box holds distinctive lettering which no doubt is a spell. They along with four others ready to exit the shed and rid themselves of the horror that is Iden the Thirsty. Though they sweat and shake, each looks forward to the proceedings with eagerness. At Pallan’s words three come forward to join him at the door to leave the area. Seeing the solidarity of the group, Haval moves to block their path while gripping his Hitton with both hands at his waist.
“Listen to me,” Haval begins, “if we go now we miss the opportunity to rid ourselves of Iden. He will leave and return with stronger allies and this time he will expect the trap and sidestep it. Be patient my brothers. We win with patience.”
The men turn to Pallan. Pallan sneers. He clutches his box low near his waist. He remembers the last town and the deaths Iden took. He cannot let the monster get away with it again. He tempers his revenge. “Very well, Haval, but no this . . . if you fail and Iden gets away . . . I will hunt you to the ends of the world. Iden must pay and if not him, you.”
“I designed this trap,” thunders Haval, matching Pallan’s sneer and taking a step closer to the taller man. “I know when to activate it. You will wait for my signal and not before.” Haval steps even closer. Each man smells the breath of the other.
“Haval.”
They turn to the window. A soft rattling erupts into loud clatter, that, along with a poignant cinnamon smell, announces the presence of Iden. Haval looks to the window. His heart flutters at the realization of his dream. This is it, the time to see if it has all been worth it. Knowing every eye watches him, Haval turns. He smiles and nods.
Haval sets his Hitton box on the floor and counts them down. He then throws a massive lever in the center of the room and listens to the hum that results. He and the others feel the light quaking in the ground as the rods activate.
“Now!”
The men burst through the door with their boxes. Being inside and not aware of everything happening, they get their first look at Haval’s Star of David in action. The wind blows hard in circular fashion making speech and hearing difficult. Screams come from the runners, half are having their life force ripped from them by ghouls. They shout in futility for assistance that will never come.
The rods hum as if making their own screeching announcement to the world. Each emits a thin red stream that shoots high in the air to snare an evil spirit that rails against its captivity with no hope of escape. The spirits shriek as they try pulling away.  Above them is Iden. Iden faces his own struggle. He is not caught by any individual rod’s beam but has been ensnared by a star shaped beam that holds him several feet above his comrades. 
Haval watches with awe. His mouth hangs open at the majesty of it all. For years he worked on the trap and to see it in action is more than he dreamed. He only allows a moment of awe knowing the danger of the situation. Haval takes his eyes off Iden and lets them drop to a two-foot spirit in the shape of a man howling in rage as it fights against a rod’s pulling power.
“Jonas! Get him, now!”
At Haval’s command, a graying man holds his box high. He aims at the spirit and begins chanting. The top of the box opens. A blinding white light shoots out of the box. It hits the spirit and after a second command chant it begins reeling in the struggling spirit. The spirit elongates to ten feet in an effort to flee, shrieking and becoming a thin film as it goes. The rod’s beam thins as it crosses the box’s beam, thinning to the point of shutting off as the blinding light expands. Moments later the creature flies into the box. The beam cuts off and the box closes.
“Demetrius, Now!”
The hefty wild haired farmer rushes toward a rod that holds a screeching female spirit. Demetrius Kand chants the same words as fellow farmer and neighbor Jonas Kolby. He stands above the streaming red beam and opens his box. A thin beam shoots out of the box to make contact with the woman’s chest. She shrieks louder, batting at the second beam while trying to scoot free from the first. Demetrius chants louder. He leans forward and allows his box to come within millimeters of the red beam. He resists the energy dangling across his fingers and the small hairs that shoot straight up all over his body. Though he feels like he is on fire he holds his hands steady to bring the Hitton’s beam in contact with the rod’s red beam. Once achieved, he chants all the more and watches his blinding beam grow brighter while the red beam thins. With a final forceful chant, “Doshai Abolly Sta!” The red beam cuts off. The white intensifies by threefold, gripping like a hand and pulling her kicking and screaming into the small box he holds. She hits with a thud and the light fades. The box closes.
Demetrius stumbles backward at the moment of impact. As he regains balance he catches the image of his son in the corner of his eye. Shock spreads across his face. He turned in earlier than usual and left to prepare his portion of the trap. He had no idea who the chasers would be but knew they were brave souls who may lose their lives in the process. At the sight of his son, his blood ran cold. His pulse quickened and he perspired more. He cupped his hands and yelled. His son was to his right and fighting side by side with another against a seven-foot ghoul. The circling fierce wind made normal communication impossible but Demetrius cupped his hands to try again.
“Draco!”
“Marcus,” shouts Haval, wanting him to reel in his spirit.
“Draco!”
“Remar! Callius! Ledell!” Haval fights against the swirling wind Iden causes to further his escape. He cups his hands rattling off the names so they can advance to the last stage of their project and reel in Iden. He taps his box knowing it will be the final nail in the demon’s coffin. He braces and watches the others perform their successful maneuvers.
Off to the far side the townspeople join the runners in an effort to destroy the ghouls. Draco, who has not counted on so many of the creatures, falters. The young man’s nerves fray as he starts the trek with the others. Flashes of doubt roll through his mind as he wonders what he has gotten himself into and if it is all worth it. Seeing Komar taken down by ghouls escalated his fear as he ran through the star. Then, as he battled with others, through the whipping wind he heard his name. Who could be calling him? Was it Iden playing one of his many tricks? He looks up to see Iden struggling to break free and then he hears the whistling song again. Looking up, he sees his father’s long hair blowing in the wind, swirling around his face. The man cups his hands and yells in his direction.
Fueled with the knowledge his father will see the great warrior he is and respect him, Draco ventures forth into the fray to assault the zombie creatures near one of the original runners. He lunges with bare hands trying to unclasp the creature’s grip from his friend’s back.
Demetrius’s eyes enlarge. His heart thumps. He cups his hands. “Behind you, Draco. Behind you.”
Alas his son does not hear over the roaring wind created by Iden as he struggled to break free of the outer binding star that holds him. Dust flies high in the air in whipping fashion clutching all manner of furniture and stray items in its wake. All swirl around the outer edges while a brave group of fighters battle near the eye of the storm.
Demetrius’s heart drops. His son could hear neither him nor the creature at his back. Fearing for his son’s life, Demetrius drops his box, not thinking to bring the rod’s beam back to full strength. He races for his son, not realizing he fell into the rod and off centered it.
“No,” cries Haval, witnessing it all. “Demetrius! No!”
It is all for naught. Demetrius gallops toward his son, abandoning everything and everyone. He fights the wind and slams into two ghouls before making it to his son to lend a helping hand.
As if hearing the plight below him, Iden stops his struggle to peer through the swirling wind to see what is happening below him. At each beam ceasing, Iden gains power and pushes higher in altitude away from the star. He waits for the last beam to cease hoping he will be free and if so, he plans to teach everyone in the town a lesson. No, he will devour them and their failure will be a lesson for generations to come. He proclaims himself king of the world and anyone testing him will suffer a horrible fate.
Iden persists with patience, lightly struggling while waiting for his opportunity for freedom. Then he sees Demetrius drop his box. He looks to the abandoned rod position and the fact that it has shifted. Excitement builds within him. He did not move to break free, no, he is too cunning for a simple move. He focuses on several ghouls near Jonas’s position and roars his instructions. All ghouls in the area converge on Jonas. They overwhelm him, piling on top of him with fury. Jonas screams an aching scream then goes still, lost to the will of Iden and his monsters. The box that he held lies a few feet from his twitching feet.
Iden smiles. Victory is at hand. His eyes darkened to a deeper red pattern, resembling the tornado wind he created. He roars again. A man looks up. It is a former ghoul now transformed from Jonas’s energy. It picks up the box, chants, then aims the box at an outer rod. A fierce white light shoots from the box to the rod. The top of the rod explodes. The man aims at Demetrius’s abandoned rod and repeats the chant. It too explodes. With a strong tug and roar for the ages, Iden pulls free shifting to one side.
Immediately all eyes, ghoul and human alike, roll upward. Iden grows five feet wider to block the sun and darken the ground below. It is as if night suddenly appears. Iden rushes to the ground to face two farmers who gawk at him in amazement, unsure what if anything they should do. He thrusts an arm into the chest of each and they disintegrate while he glows, recharging lost energy from his earlier struggle. He then rises high in the air to block the sun again and this time, a bolt reminiscent of the mighty Bolt of the Heavens appears in his right hand. Iden throws it below to shatter the remaining rods and rip away the ground. The land peels away to give rise to ghouls of a special nature. They pounce, wanting to devour all living flesh.
Demetrius watches with his son at his side. What can he do? What can any of them do? They turn and run. The creatures chase while Iden roars and throws his bolts from the air blasting away precious soil to leave potholes in their stead.
The people move toward houses fleeing to their sanctuaries. Iden, sensing this, destroys every house to alter their path and keep them moving down the main street. If they thought they could outrun him they were wrong. Iden’s ghouls wait at the edge of town with outstretched arms.
“Scatter,” roars Pallan. He goes one way while Haval flees in the opposite. Pallan runs with all his might down a field. If only he watched where he was running; he didn’t and fell into a hole with ghouls at the bottom. A torturous scream fell from his lips as ghouls ripped into him—these were flesh eaters. When done, they emerged from the hole to run in glee after their next meal.
Iden watches countless ghouls take human form. Soon he will have an army and venture to the west to take more lands and souls for his future kingdom. He descends to the ground and rips souls from half-dead farmers. He grows larger with each new soul as if they were meals that fattened him around his middle. The last two souls he takes are those of Demetrius as he covers Draco and then the young man himself. Few escape Iden’s thirst.


Chapter 5: Aftermath


When the dust settles and everyone has a chance to see the true cost of their folly, all heads bow in utter defeat and disgrace. The streets run red with blood of the lost souls mixed with the occasional mangled body part. Giant holes litter the main street every few feet. Next to them are body parts or red stains marking a departed soul that now gave life to others who roam the countryside rejoicing. Small houses stand in shambles knocked off their foundations and reduced to match sticks. Meager possessions litter the landscape making the area look as if it were the town’s dump instead of a once thriving township.
Low moans come from the side of a pile of colored wood that once stood as the side of a greenhouse. The timber shifts. A hand, drenched in blood, rises high in the air to stretch toward sunlight. A second hand appears. People work in unison to push aside debris in the hopes of uncovering a prize. They dig while a man of forty huffs and puffs making his way from one rubble pile to another. A yell draws his attention. He races over and falls to his knees. He digs and digs and soon finds what he is looking for—the mangled body of Haval.
Trembling fingers stroke the side of Haval’s dusty face. Blood drips in a  dark stream down the side of his face from four different places, each a gash of one inch or more.
Trembling fingers run through Haval’s thick black hair while a single tear falls to dampen his sleeping face.
The man gazes longingly at Haval. He sighs. He kneels next to the body and thrusts both hands into the debris. He makes contact with the soil and chants a phrase over and over again. Suddenly, Haval’s eyelids open and his eyes roll upward, moments later they settle into their correct positions.
“I need to know why you failed, brother. Tell me.”
The man crouches to listen to the soft strained voice of Haval recount his errors in a monotone manner without passion.  When finished, the man lays him to rest and begins the journey back to Swalla.

#  #  #

His tall frame blocks the sunlight as if he stood in front of it. He wears a thick black robe fastened from his neck to his feet inscribed with the familiar gold lettering on all sides. Dark eyes peer from beneath a black hood lined in dark red. Stray strands of black hair flutter around the edges of his thick five o’clock shadow. He glares for a moment then walks into the building and through the center of the crowd glaring at them as if he can kill them all and by the way he shifts as he moves they assume as much. What can he have beneath the black robe? All eyes move with him as he comes to a stop in front of them. They came to discuss ways of ridding their village of their monster. They speak in rushed whispers while gawking at the stranger in their mist.
“Who are you?” asks the mayor of the small gathering.
“Your monster,” he speaks with an off-putting accent, “I can lay it to rest. How much is that worth to you?”
The mayor looks at the man beside him. Their expressions of fear transform to amusement. They break out in laughter, encouraging the others to join in. All laugh at the strange clad man before them.
He pulls a box from within his coat and shows it to the crowd. All laughing ceases as their hands fly high to cover their faces, afraid the man pulled a weapon from beneath the bulky robe. Silence envelops the room as they eye the decorative golden box. Having their full attention he slides his fingers along one side and the box opens. A light shines on the ceiling from the box and then a spirit soars from the box. All gasp in horror watching the spirit circle overhead. It is see-through with a green outline to define its changing blob shape. The head grows more solid and black eyes appear. It gives a gruesome but coy smile to hide its calculated intent. Without warning a large mouth opens and gnashing yellow teeth chomp down at the people huddled below.
“Fear not,” the man shouts, waving his hand. He chants and the box pulls the spirit back inside it. The light fades and the box closes. “I have fixed Haval’s trap, improved it.”
“Haval is dead. His trap failed and everyone died,” says the mayor.
“Yeah,” echoes others.
The man gives a whimsical smile. “I know his secrets and know where he failed. My improvements to his design will make capturing your monster a snap. But,” he waves a finger around at his captive audience, “I require resources from all over the known world. Make me your master and live in peace under my reign.”
The news of Iden’s victories are told as gentle warnings and reminders each day since the defeat of Haval’s Star of David. No one dares to challenge the spirit. Everyone lives in fear waiting for some brave soul to fight the losing fight and give their soul to further Iden’s reign.
“Decide now,” says the man, forcing the issue. “My plan requires all your resources.”
The mayor stands. He looks over the people. “If you can do it, we are yours.” Another for the slaughter, thinks the mayor, at least it won’t be him or a member of his town.
“Excellent.”
“How may we address you?” asks the mayor.
“Master Cronus, leader of the Bladsworth Demon Warriors.”


Chapter 6: Choosing


I arrive at the gated city. Before me stands brick walls, stretching above my small head, encircling the entire city. Large black gates tower to the right of the tall man walking in front of the boy and I. Instantly, I feel peaceful, as if meant to be here. It is the familiar gold and black writings, they litter the walls and emblazon themselves within the metal of the gates. I stretch my small hand out to touch the characters on the wall just to feel them and know they are real as I pass them. They feel cold but wonderful. I am safe.
“Place your hands on the gate,” says Master.
We do. The gated writings glow ever so slightly. He chants. The writings dim and the door opens for us.
Passing through the gates, I step from soil to concrete—Bessies. Dozens and dozens of the platforms join to form a marvelous ground for us to walk on. I twirl about as carefree as my years allow. All these Bessies and they connect to buildings. A real city. I am inside a city.
I keep my hands fastened around my only possession: my stuffed cloud, Dreamy. I clutch Dreamy with all my might, gasping at the greatness of it all. While standing with a wide mouth, my traveling companion shoves me and another forward, toward a building. I don’t want to go, I want to stay right here and admire the place. Another shove and I walk toward a small building that stands at the end of a corridor. Above the building’s door stands a horseshoe turned sideways with a lightning bolt through it. I receive an encouraging shove to direct me inward and stop my speculation.
We travel through three doors to the back, there, before us, stands a woman in white robes. The woman’s shoulder length blond hair matches her clothing, her eyebrows as well. Her face gives no indication of age or mood.
“Sit before Tulane and be judged,” says our companion.
The boy and I sit on a bench facing the odd woman. I clutch Dreamy tighter though I watch her with peeked interest. Something about her fascinates me to no end. I determine to learn the reason. One look into her eyes gives me my answer. I feel a force slap me when I gaze upon her, my cheek burns. I divert my eyes downward. I want to scream. Intense pain hits me and shuts my mouth tighter than a drum. It is her eyes. They are deep pools that pull the unsuspecting downward to their doom. I know that much. My recourse, watch my feet and hope she doesn’t hate me. My mother said she planned this and I would be safe. It is up to me not to get into trouble and already I am off to a bad start.
The man that brought me to this place takes a seat by the door. I glimpse him to know that he is smarter than the boy and me; he tilts his head to watch his feet. He angles from her but still, he doesn’t dare look into her eyes. He knows, I know, what remains is does our companion know? I turn toward him to verify.
“Aquilo,” shouts the man, “you first. Look into Tulane’s eyes. Hold her gaze.”
I keep my head low. Aquilo is his name. He was with my new master when he bought me. Both of us are of the same age and height, dark hair and gray eyes. Aquilo has a slight limp. I look to his legs and feet, wondering what is happening. The closest foot to me begins tapping the floor. I venture a quick look up his body.
“Nista, hold her gaze,” shouts the man.
I gulp.
I hear a ringing in my ears before raising my eyes. My eyes roll upward to meet hers. They seem larger than mine, washed-out gray to match her brows with flakes of gold at the edges. There is a small amount of pain but not as severe as before. Slowly I move to the center vortex. Pain unfurls its tentacles in my belly to grip me tighter. I shift my gaze downward and more pain grips me. I look back into her eyes and it eases somewhat. Hold her gaze. Those are my master’s words. If I look away the pain will increase. That has to be it. I fix myself to stare into her torturous eyes and pray it not last long.
Tulane’s eyes grip me as if they are hands gripping my shoulders and hold me transfixed, ready to reel me in. I feel as if I am moving toward her, as if her eyes opened to swallow me whole. I see a flash then find myself standing in a tunnel that rises straight up above my head. My feet are on solid ground. Looking up, I see thick walls that rise forever, at the end, a small window teases me with a view of the morning sky. Was it real? Was I in Mardour?
The walls move closer to me. Panic hits me hard, my breathing increases tenfold. I hear it rushing out of me. It means to escape and leave me to face my end on my own. I clutch a hand to my chest and fall to my knees as the walls close in more. My heart beats in frenzy. What is happening to me? Where was I?
On my knees and about to fall over, a door appears ahead of me. It transforms into an oval then grows in size. The opening grows deeper to stretch into unknown darkness. Was I to go down that tunnel? Never!
My knees begin to hurt, my heart pounds, the last few breaths of life are making their way to the Promised Land. I have to do something. Then, I hear it—laughter.
I listen closer to make sure I am correct. With all the noise I made it is easy to get confused. I listen. There it is again, laughter. It grows in intensity as if aimed at me to torment me. I should have been freaked out of my mind, I’m not. Somehow that sound calms me. Not only that, but it wakes something in me as if it pressed a button deep within my psyche. I gulp then stand with my legs apart to balance myself. The laughter grows louder. The louder it grows the more enraged I become.
It is the laughter of a bully. I hate bullies, especially dead ones.
The end of the tunnel before me glows. A presence comes forward, lighting the sides of the tunnel as it approaches. When it comes closer I see that it is a green blob or cloud. I sneer. My hands go up in battle mode. The ground shakes beneath me, I almost fall. I move to get away from the shaking, but keep my eyes on the cloud in front of me. I burn with heat at my feet. I move farther back, nearly touching the smooth wall behind. I brace as it approaches. Without another thought or plan of action, I lunge forward to grip it. It vanishes as I fall to the ground.
I feel coolness and then out of breath. Seconds later I am back sitting on the bench with Aquilo at my side. I look down to not only find myself sweating, but I still hold my toy. How odd?
The man comes forward to converse with the woman. I want to hear their conversation but I dare not look. Is he looking into her eyes? I so want to know but don’t risk it. Afterward, he escorts us out of the room. We move down the hall to a new door. He opens it and inside is the most amazing sight ever. I see a huge room with steam misting up from water. The air is so heavy with it I can taste it and open my mouth for the sensation. It feels wonderful. The room itself, it holds what looks to be a waist-high, rock wall filled with good water.  The wall is four feet from where I stand with the door another two feet behind me. When I say good water, I mean safe water. On Ebara, water is white and is only good if blessed by charms. With all the writings in this place, we gaze on blessed water.
“Remove your clothing and bathe. Your placement will follow,” he says. “Camenae will see to your needs. Camenae!”  he turns and leaves.
A brown spirit shimmers in his stead, standing in the doorway. It moves forward, stops, then becomes the solid image of a woman not unlike my mother. A gasp catches my ears. Turning, Aquilo’s mouth produces its own steam clouds. His eyes bulge.
“Mother?”
I look back to the woman before us. Why did he call her mother? She looks like my mother. Did both our mothers look alike?
“Off with your clothing, children, then you will eat,” she said and as the heavens as my witness, she spoke with my mother’s voice. Aquilo made rustling noises next to me. As I remove my simple dress and pants, I hear the same noises. We both undress, transfixed on the woman before us. To have mother here with me lightens my heart. I know she won’t leave me alone.
She points behind us and we turn, our clothing at our feet. The front wall that holds the water back, vanishes. The white water swirls as before but does not spill our way.
“Inside with you two, hurry.”
At her urging, I move first. I want to know the sensation of touching the water. I walk to it and without thinking, take another step and see the water flow around me. A tugging comes from my middle and pulls me deeper into the water without my having to take a step. Cold water envelops me. I shake. My lip trembles. How can it be? Cold water with steam. I turn. The wall rematerializes. The woman leans over and places a hand to the surface of the water. Instantly, it warms comfortably. She nods and smiles. I smile back. She points to my right to soap and towels on a shelf embedded into the wall. I venture to them and give a bar to Aquilo.
For some reason, Aquilo throws the soap back to its shelf. He turns to our host and glares. I don’t know why he does it, I stand dumbfounded. It is only the action of our host that makes me focus. Her eyes turn to red flames. She comes through the wall as if it wasn’t there and glides to Aquilo. Holding out her hand, a bar of soap floats from the shelf to it. She grabs him with one hand and rubs the soap across his flesh with the other. Aquilo screams. She dunks him.
“Please!”
I don’t know why I said it, it wasn’t me that angered her.
“Please,” I try thinking of her name but it escapes me. “Please, don’t hurt him. He is just scared, that’s all.”
At my words she stops, then vanishes. She rematerializes outside the water at the edge of the wall. Her gaze fixes on Aquilo as if drawn to him.
“What are you doing?” I ask him in a low tone.
“She’s not my mother,” he says.
“You better stop or she will beat you like she is.” I hand him my bar of soap. “Hurry up, we eat after.”
“I don’t care, I’m not staying. They can’t make me!”
“Aquilo!”
“Fine,” he sneers at us both but washes.
Afterward, she gives us gray pants and a shirt that is more like a dress flowing below my knees. She waves her hand over our heads and our hair dries. We walk down the corridor to a room with noise. All noise ceases and all eyes turn to us as we enter.
“Thank you, Camenae,” says Master, sitting at a table of adults. All wear black robes with gold lettering as he does. I compare him to the others to notice one stark difference between them, he has waves of black hair and thick five o’clock shadow. “You may rest, now.”
“Thank you,” says Camenae. She bows then vanishes.
Master Cronus walks to us, the smile he gives Camenae no longer graces his face. He takes Aquilo by the shoulders and places the boy in front of him. Turning to the room, he speaks. “This is Aquilo, he is for Master Paul.”
All clap and cheer. I look about the room with scrutiny. I count five tables with the lead table having the greatest size and height and away from the others. Gazing about, the lead table holds robed adults while the others hold children of various ages.
A short portly man stands and waves his hand about to the others. I notice a tattoo of a hammer on each side of his bald head. He smiles brightly. Master Cronus points and pushes Aquilo in that direction, he refuses to budge. Cronus pushes him harder and reluctantly he goes. Next is my turn. He stands behind me gripping my shoulders. He taps with a light touch, perhaps to ease my fears.
“This is Nista. Master Kie, she is for you.”
Again, clapping and cheering. I know a shoving comes next so I move under my own power toward the man that stands waving at the others. Kie ventures to meet me in the middle. He is bald like all the other adults and is as short as I am. I notice a tattoo on his head but it is different from that of Master Paul’s—his are columns with the sun glaring behind them. As he bows and takes my hand, I glimpse the same tattoo on the other side of his head. He escorts me to the back table with two others and I see the tattoo on the back of his black robe.
“Nista, sister, these are Furina and Orbona. You will take your meals and live in this house. After eating, they will take you to your room. Tomorrow you train. Welcome to my house.”
The girls greet me. I eat with them in silence. Dozens of questions buzz my head but I lock them away to feed my hunger. I am a student in a community of warriors. I need to learn all that I can to fight and protect my world from demons. I should be worried, even afraid, I feel exhilarated and can’t wait until tomorrow.
When I open the door to my room, I see my mattress—two sheets sewn together and filled with straw—and upon it is my cloud, Dreamy. Our town’s master blessed Dreamy when I was born. She was given to me and I never sleep without her. Every child of my village has one, we keep them until adulthood and pass them to our children. I shape myself into a comfortable position then lay my head on my cloud. She stretches her sides as always to enclose my head, then exudes my mother’s scent. I take a deep breath to remember mother then drift off into carefree sleep while she sings softly into my ears.
The next day I wake. I stretch on my makeshift mattress. In my short life I have learned to sleep on various surfaces, whatever is handy at the time. This is no different and did not give me pause. I climb to my feet feeling refreshed, ready for an adventure. 
“Thank you for a blessed night’s sleep, Dreamy. You may now rest.”
The top part of Dreamy bends forward as if to bow in gratitude to me. She shrinks from pillow size to that of a deck of cards. I lift my mattress and place her beneath it before following my roommates to breakfast. At the end of the meal, butterflies circle with vengeance.
“Nista,” says my new master, “you are with these.”
“Yes, Master.”
I follow behind two others who seem to know their way around. We go out of the building and down the corridor and make a right, heading for others. They stop and turn. They look about then focus on me.
“I’m Lexie,” the girl says.
“I’m Roland,” the boy replies.
“Nista,” I volunteer. They look to be my age like most of the children I see.
Lexie looks about then motions for me to follow.
“Where are you going?”
“To see Kief before class starts,” she says.
 I have no way of knowing where I am going, so follow, I do. We round a corner and I see Aquilo with two other boys.
“Awww!” Lexie wails, screeching to a halt. “Let’s go back.”
Roland follows her. Intrigue fills me. What is the problem? The boys climb the far wall. Are they making their escape? I move with the others but only a couple of steps. I change my mind and turn. I have to see what the problem is. As I watch, the first two leap to the top and jump. I see the tops of their heads bobbing and then they are on top of a second wall. They jump from it. I stand on tippy toes to watch them run with glee. Next, Aquilo, instead of leaping like the others, makes his climb. He clears the inner wall then his head bobs as he makes his way to the outer wall. Halfway up the wall, hands reach out from within the wall to grip him. The hands come in different colors and lengths, all grasping for flesh they know to be there. Aquilo struggles. The hands press him to the wall. One covers his mouth to stifle his screams. They pull him closer and then a flash hits me. I jump back and run to catch the others.
Should I tell what I saw? I huff and puff, thinking of my dilemma as I run. I glimpse the others going through a door and hurry to catch them. Inside, a man speaks. I sit in a chair next to Lexie to listen.
“Our power comes from the dead, from those who have gone before us,” said Master Kie. “Know that it is they that you are calling upon. They will give you their power to aid your cause. You will feel heat at your feet, which signifies you have made contact and they are ready to do your bidding. Now, the fun begins.”
So, that is it, the heat I felt at my feet when I sat before the odd woman. I made contact with the dead at my feet. Well, that answers one of a thousand questions swimming in the fog I call a brain. Now for the next, should I tell what I saw?
I keep my mouth shut and listen like the others. My first day of class and things are not looking good. May the Heavens forgive me and help me survive this place.


Chapter 7: Scovan


We sit in rows of three for my second day of classes.
An old man in black robes makes his way to the front of the room from the doorway. We watch him with the same perplexed stare emblazoned on our faces. I sit in the first row behind a girl with short blond hair. To my left sits a pimply faced boy with short red hair. He stares at me and then at the paper on his desk and then back to me. I want to ask what his problem is but don’t want to start on a bad note.
“Class,” says the man in gold lettered black robes.
I can’t help but stare at the thunderbolt tattoo below his right eye. I follow him with my eyes as he sets small silver boxes on each of our desks. I look to the others to determine if I should touch it, it looks mysterious, magical, powerful somehow. I don’t want to make an early mistake. I like the meal I had last night and the mattress I sleep on. I still miss mother and father and Sybil. Perhaps I will one day see them. I am in training to be a warrior, a vanquisher of demons. Maybe, just maybe, the castle they live in holds an evil spirit that needs removing and we get the call. Surely it can happen.
The boy with red hair across from me immediately picks his box up and shakes it as if it holds treats. I watch him twist his face in torment and then slam the box back on the desk. The old man turns with everyone else. He peers at the redheaded boy and then me. I try smiling then cut my eyes to my box on top of my desk to let him know I have not touched it. I smile more.
“The box before you,” he begins, “is called a Hitton. It is a device to trap spirits. The first thing I want you to notice is its writings. Notice there is both gold lettering as well as black. The black happens to be individual spells the owner applies. For instance, suppose you have a blind spot to your left. You can write a spell to compensate for that inefficiency and add a layer of protection to keep you safe. As for the gold, they are standards written by our most gifted family members.
“Now, you will not receive your Hitton until you graduate your first year of classes. The ones before you belong to those a grade higher than you. So I ask that you take care and do not harm their devices. Go ahead, pick them up and feel them, study the writings, get to know the feel of the device that may one day save your lives.”
I need no other coaxing, I grab for mine. I want to run a finger over its golden lettering. I don’t know what they mean but I feel energy prick my finger as I trace the letters. Unfortunately that’s all I get a chance to do. The redheaded boy grabs the box. He shakes it ferociously as if it will open when his didn’t. Then, he throws it against the wall. The horrible sound it makes is more than the sound from a crash. Somehow I know it without being told.
I turn to him feeling every degree of heat that shows on my face.
“Hey.”
“Hey,” he fires back.
“That was mine.”
“You!”
I jump after hearing the deep voice. I turn. The redheaded boy stands staring down at pieces of the shattered box.
“Scovan,” says another of the men in black robes, this one stands in the doorway, almost touching the top with his head.
As the boy moves to him I notice the gold lettering on the man’s black robe shining a small fraction brighter.  I wonder if his attitude has anything to do with it? He is certainly angry and looks as if he might blow a fuse. “I saw everything, explain yourself.”
“It wouldn’t open. It should have opened,” said Scovan. The boy stands fiercely looking up at the man almost twice his height. He clenches his fists as if ready to fight for some unknown principle. I think he is selfish. I plan to avoid him.
“Come along,” said the bald man with the tattoos of hammers on his head. He bows to the other. “Forgive my apprentice; he has earned a change of address and will never disturb your class again.”
“See to it,” says the old man.
I watch them leave. I am glad he is gone, I don’t like the way he stared at me anyway. I have a feeling he is destined to be a trouble maker for all time.


Chapter 8: Demons


Years Later:
I walk beside my teacher down a winding path to confront demons. I have what they term “dead powers” and the first and basic of these powers, the ability to sense the dead before they make themselves known, is making me crazy.
At my destination, I stand upon my Bessie with legs apart, crouching in battle stance, with my arms forward ready to grab any spirit that appears. I turn in every direction wearing my first ever black warrior’s outfit: a black shirt and pants with gold writing stenciled on front and the back to ward off evil from every direction. I beam as I spin before my master to have him judge my wardrobe. I love the knee-high black boots, I plan to do a lot of stomping with them.
He smiles and I beam more. Now, I hope to stay clean while grabbing a spirit while my master stands against a tree watching me, or so I think. As I look in his direction he seems to melt or blend into the background and for a fraction of a second I can’t see him. He is good at deception which makes him an excellent hunter. I cannot fail with him watching.
I touch the black belt at my waist and slide my fingers to the small bag on my right side. It comforts me to know it is there and filled with surprises for demons of land and air. I can’t wait to reach in and throw something to trap or kill a spirit. Perhaps that will be my true test for today.
Listening with all my might, I hear nothing. Then, a cold wind blows— my first sign. Something is coming, but how big and from where? I keep still while swiveling my head to and fro to catch a glimpse of my enemy. This first outing twists my stomach in knots. Why did Kie trust me? Why not one of the older students? I was with him when the old woman ran into our sanctuary pleading for help. She rambled on about spirits from the south that tormented the citizens, not with fear, with torturous nagging, bullying, and name calling. I hate those types and must have given myself away with my sharp intake of air. I’m sure it must have sounded as a sneer because both looked to me. I apologized as fast as I could and tried leaving but Kie grabbed my arm and made me sit and listen in silence, that is, if I could muster up the effort. I did.
But is that the reason he brought me with him or is it to embarrass me and teach me a lesson? I debate back and forth, then cold wind whips over my head. I crouch lower before looking up. Nothing is there. I stand taller, sniffing the air, it smells of vanilla, another sign. If it is a baddy it will more than likely smell of cinnamon. Vanilla is usually the smell of mischief. 
I look to the tree that Kie stood in front of, he is gone. I am alone. My heart bangs against my chest as a warning to vacate the premises—it knows what I am too young or too stupid to know— danger lies ahead.
“Ooohhhh! Oooohhhh!”
I turn about searching for a form to match the voice. It is hard to believe the mocking voice rode on a cold wind, but it did. I have no doubt it is one of the spirits the old woman complained about. I can see her point. After a while it would get annoying hearing that sound over and over again. But where is it coming from?
“Ooohhhh! Oooohhhh!”
I gaze at the tree again then feel hollow. Failure is in my future. That thought alone propels me to move forward to the edge of the Bessie. Out of curiosity, I look to my feet and the green slab that blends into the surrounding grass. Focusing harder, I make out the black and gold writing, but only know the section my classes cover. I don’t have to know the rest. I know the spells will work with no effort on my part though I can chant them repeatedly for peace of mind. I have something else in mind. Taking a chance that the writings will glow as the spirit approaches, I search before me and then to my left. Finding nothing, I search the right side.
“Gotcha,” I say under my breath.
The writing emits a faint glow at one of the far corners. I take two steps back and face forward as if not aware.
“Ooohhh! Oooohhhh!”
A vicious laugh follows the childlike mockery. Outwardly, I paint fear and dread on my face but inwardly I grow taller, anxious, a coiled snake ready to strike. My head faces forward while my eyes dart to my right. Come on, demon, make my day. Lowering into a deeper stance to give me more of a spring in my attack, I stand ready.
A green spirit shimmers into existence to my right. It holds the form of a thin decrepit man. It thought it caught me off guard. It is wrong. It moves to surprise me and I whirl and pounce. I grab it and we hit the ground. Creatures such as these zap strength from their host to gain form. At first it used fear to manifest itself, now it drains me. I scowl. It scowls. My head goes light and for a moment I think I might pass out.
“No you don’t!”
I concentrate on the ground beneath me and feel power surging through me. I inch back with the spirit in tow. I aim to place my feet on the Bessie while the creature, knowing my plan, struggles to move itself and its meal in the opposite direction. It is a screaming match of wills. Eventually I win and touch the Bessie with the tips of my toes. As I do, the half-man, half-spirit demon screams in agony. Those screams fuel me to call upon the dead beneath me.
“I bind you to Mardour,” I thunder. “I wrap you around Ebara’s core never again to reach the surface, never again to torment the living, or enter the Auburn Fields. I …”
Oh My Heavens. I forgot the rest. I lay there with my feet on the Bessie, gripping a struggling demon, and I forgot the rest. Oh Heavens, why? Why now?
The demon stops struggling and turns its blue eyes on me. It stops screeching. I did it! It begins its transformation back into spirit form. Soon it will sink into Ebara and be lost forever. I can’t believe I did it.
My reverie lasts only a moment. I turn my head to watch a spirit shimmer into being. Oh heavens, here comes another one. It isn’t another spirit, it is Kie. He rushes forward as if on the wings of the wind. He crouches in front of me with his hands gripping above mine. “I bind you to Mardour,” he says, but why? I did that already. Before I can ask, he continues. “I wrap you around Ebara’s core, never again to reach the surface, torment the living, or enter the Auburn Fields. I call upon Allastar the Wise, Atollamous mai.”
The spirit howls and twists with new life. Seconds later the ground opens and it is pulled down by a great set of dark hands. We both release our grip and watch in awe, it is something to see. After the ground closes I look at my teacher with the innocence of my station.
“Speak, child, before your face freezes that way.”
“I-I thought I ...”
“It tricked you. You must speak the entire incantation. The demon saw your trouble and played dead. If it could have, it would have sunk into the ground and escaped, all the while convincing you that you defeated it. Many have met their end at the hands of such deceit.”
Depression set in as I sat up to evaluate my defeat. I didn’t need a mirror to know how pathetic I looked at his words. My first time out on the job and I failed, miserably. If not for my teacher I may be dead at this very moment. I will not be the warrior they want and need me to be.
“Nista!”
“Yes?” He yelled, why?
“Did you hear what I said, sister?”
“Yes.”
“What did I say after those meeting their end at the hands of deceit?”
I racked my brain trying to remember. He didn’t say anything more, I’m sure of it. I take the chance and search his face. Nothing. I shake my head in more defeat.
He smiles.
“Let’s go home, sister. I have a lesson that may help you. And before you go to bed, read the entire volume of Allastar’s Tomb. I don’t care if it takes until morning and you better not be late for morning classes. Is that understood?”
“Yes, Master.” I hung my head low.
“Remember its teachings. Do not fail me in this task, sister.”
“I won’t, Master.”
“Good, let us depart.”
“But the others, Master, are we not to rid the area of all tormentors?”
“He is the biggest and the instigator. Without him the others will leave. The area is safe. Besides, they didn’t pay us to remove all of them. Let’s depart.”
I follow behind not knowing how he knows the things he knows. I want to learn it all and as far as I can tell, the more I learn the more I need to learn. One day I will learn it all and save my world. That is my solemn vow.


Chapter 9: Training


“Nista!”
I sit on a bench staring into space. It is an exercise to extend my mind into the soil and search out those below. I began this exercise an hour ago and have found two simple souls: girls. Hearing my name breaks my concentration. I turn to watch my friend run to me.
“Lexie?”
“Hey. Guess what I just did?” her voice comes to me from across the way.
“I’m practicing, Lexie, you know that. Why do you keep disturbing me when I’m close to a breakthrough?”
Lexie smiles shyly though she is far from being shy. We are both seventeen and rivals for the affections of another of our family members: Roland.
It’s been years since my parents sold me. I remember that first horrible night not knowing my fate and wishing for mercy. It is then that Master Cronus approached me with the news that I would join his family of demon hunters and train as a warrior to avenge those lost to evil. He explained how he watched me tear a soul apart though I had no idea what was happening. I am still a little foggy on everything, but accept it. Twice I have shattered demons since my arrival.
I watch my twin, as she is called, approaching. Lexie has the same gray eyes. Actually, we all do. If you didn’t know you might believe we truly were family members based on outward appearance alone — most have raven hair and gray eyes. The truth is that Master bought us from our parents. Mine didn’t have resources to keep me, of course, now that Sybil has gifts they could have if they wanted to. I didn’t grasp that until recently. As for Lexie, she was sold with others as mineworkers. Spirits came from the walls to attack the workers and it was determined Lexie was the attraction or cause. Her master couldn’t keep her because of all the work stoppages so he sold her to Cronus right before he got me. Lexie and I have palled around ever since.
“You’re always close to a ‘breakthrough.’” She uses air quotes and rolls her eyes. Sometimes her hair is dark black, this month it is blond. I’ve asked so many times I’m not about to ask again.
“It’s not my fault I’m not as fast as you and the others? Let me catch up, Lexie.”
Lexie laughs. She sits next to me as if my problem doesn’t matter and to her it didn’t. Lexie is like that. She is a friend but a little on the selfish side. It’s a good thing she is taller or I might just . . . .
“You got that look again,” says Lexie. “What are you up to now?”
“Nothing.”
My eyes dart to my feet. It never worked before, why should it work now?
Lexie gives me the evil eye. She searches me for a minute while I humble myself. I can look as innocent as a newborn baby when I want to. She gives up her search. “Well, anyway. Roland said hello. Well, it was more like, ‘Hey, what’s up.’ And then he walked past me and he looked back too.” Lexie bobs her head giving a big smile.
I try not to laugh at her silliness. “Okay,” is all I manage.
“Look!”
Lexie taps me while I fumble trying to come up with more things to say. We talk for hours, even fall asleep talking, we chatter so much. But when it comes to Roland a wall erects itself between us and will not have any of it. I turn to see this tall man with tattoos on his neck and arms float behind us as if he were an Adonis. Of course he walks, but man can he walk.
We watch him enter our makeshift library. My throat goes dry. It is hard to swallow. The lump in Lexie’s throat tells the same tale. We sit staring unable to string together coherent words between us. Though he left, I focus on his taut muscular arms covered in black incantations. His neck holds the picture of a woman on one side and a classic spell on the other. Once he bent and I peeked down his shirt. He wasn’t hairy, he was all smooth muscle. And on his back I saw a black line descend under his shirt. Often I start a conversation wanting to ask but chicken out. Body writings are private, that is what Master told me and Lexie and we will have our own when we learn to control our powers so we can contribute to our family. Hence my training exercise.
“Lexie!”
We turn to see Master Sole breathing fire in our direction. He clenches both fists and bore into my soul with his haunting eyes. I don’t need to hear the words, I know them by hard. ‘Stop being childish, it is the ultimate trap. Shed these things and you embrace your gift. Then, you control that around you.’ I’m old enough to guess what it means but to do it is altogether another matter.
“Are you still on punishment,” I whisper, trying not to move my lips.
“Quiet,” said Lexie without moving her lips.
“But—”
“Yes, Master Sole?” the words rush from her lips, probably to silence me. We rise.
“Come with me, child.” He turns and walks away.
Lexie blows air from her lungs in a long steady breath. The pinkness in her face no doubt mirrors itself on mine. She shrugs and moves to follow. She turns and gestures as if hanging herself then hurries to catch him before he turns. I stifled a laugh knowing it will get us both in hot water if Sole turns.
I wait until she is gone before making my move toward the library. I enter to find Roland standing with his back to me with his head bowed. He motions with a raised arm as if imitating something. I see a book in his left hand while he motions with the right, perhaps throwing something.
“Is it good?”
He tilts his head up in thought. He flips a page and lowers his head to read more. I find I can talk more with an empty room so I look about to make sure the coast is clear. I walk up to him and feel the dryness in my throat again. I swallow hard.
“Lexie says you spoke to her.”
“I did.” Roland’s voice could have been deeper to match his body dimensions. It pleases me it isn’t, though he is stiff as a board.
“We agreed”
“YOU agreed.” The shock of him whirling on me catches me off guard. Add that with his command voice and you get jelly legs. “I am not telling her anything until I’m sure how she will react.”
After a moment his scowl fades. I regain footing. “You said you would tell her. Waiting is going to make it worse, Roland. You know that!”
The shaking in my voice cannot be helped. When adrenaline flows, it flows. My heartbeat triples with my breathing and I shake. Try as I might, I can never keep my voice steady under those conditions. I keep my hands at my sides, this isn’t a moment of rage and I don’t want him to perceive it as one. Lexie is my best friend, my family, my sister. If Roland truly chose me then he will tell her. Stalling means he hasn’t chosen and if he has, he is being cruel to my friend. I know. I watched her face as she watched him enter the library. Something has to be done and soon.
Roland closes his book. He sets it on the shelf to face me with his mesmerizing gray eyes. His short dark hair seems disheveled. I fight to keep from reaching out to fix it. I can never hold his gaze long so I divert my eyes to his neck to peer into his mother’s eyes. I swallow, hoping I hadn’t gone too far.
“Lexie is ready for the marks.”
“What?”
The news comes as a shock to me. How did she leapfrog so far over me?
“She’s been ready. Master Sole says she’s waiting on you.”
The accusatory tone floors me. “Me? She’s waiting on me?”
“She says you are sisters and do everything together. Master Sole is furious. He threatened to send you to another family like Scovan if she didn’t change her mind.”
“Oh the Heavens.”
“Yes, he did. I’m not going to hurt her. She’s helping you and besides, you haven’t seen her disappearing act. Believe me, she’s good and scary all at the same time.”
“Wait! What?”
My skin electrifies as he grips me. He looks to make sure we are alone then whispers. “Lexie has developed a new power, the power of invisibility.” So caught up in his scent, I barely hear the word: invisibility.
“Lexie is working on changing forms. Master Sole has that power and he says she is a fast learner. The thing about it is that if she is provoked before learning true control she is dangerous. I’m not upsetting her until Master Sole says it is okay.”
“He knows.”
Roland smirks. “He’s a chameleon, he saw us.”
My heart sank at the thought. I flash on the two occasions we kissed. Thank the Heavens we didn’t do more. “Wh-what all did he see?”
“He shifted into a tree and saw us kiss behind the dormitory. He said he wouldn’t tell, Nis. I believe him. The problem is Lexie. Master Sole said to keep a low profile until she finishes her training. I’m not lying, Nis. Ask him yourself if you think otherwise.”
“I believe you, Roland. I believe you.” I think about our situation. “Did he say how long?”
“No, but it will come to a head soon. The villagers are almost finished with their construction. Iden’s trap is near completion.”
Two others enter the library. I move to touch his hand while he is near. I will at least get that privilege. I move to the door with an electric buzz from the sensation. I leave so as not to arouse suspicions. As I pass the others I feel wicked, deceitful, as if I did something wrong and deserve punishment.
“Sister Nista.”
I turn. “Master Kie, I didn’t see you, forgive me.” I bow.
“Nonsense, sister. Are you ready for a lesson?”
“Yes, please.”
I follow the short, bald man in black robes into an adjoining building. My mind races wondering what the lesson entails. I walk in this state through to the outside, off the safety Bessie, and onto dirt ground. We stand near an old brick wall. He points at the ground before me. I know the lesson for the day.
I stretch my hands before me then take a step forward. Closing my eyes and concentrating, a soft rustling noise comes to me. The noise grows into whispered voices. I focus as he taught me and feel the cold pull toward the ground. I resist and focus, reducing everything to background noise to bring forth the one I want.
“Her name is Emily.”
“Go on,” says Master Kie in his soft voice that gives no hint of his joy or disgust with me.
I fan my hands more to the right and take another step in that direction. When I first began these exercises, I always watched my step to keep from running into walls and things. It is only this year that I conquered that fear and am able to keep my eyes shut tight to focus from within. I would like to claim total victory and mind over matter, but I have a feeling it has something to do with my age and the special blue honey bread we receive to help us in our transitional stage as they call it. Anyway, eyes are useless for these tasks. The physical eyes anyway. After drawing a sharp breath to ward off the cold that crept up my arms trying to latch on to me, I learn more.
“Her family is with her. They died while fleeing spirits. First, her father and mother, and then her sister. She was last.” I cringe as a sharp pain goes through me. “Two demons ripped her apart. Her mother was a caster. The demons couldn’t take them wholly. They turned from spirits to ghouls and ran away in search of new victims to make themselves whole. Emily and her family went over a cliff to the rocks below. Oh, Heavens. They are lost, wandering in darkness.” I open my eyes as if I can imagine the long fall to the sharp rocks.
“And?”
I think. “Paradeeces!”
Nothing happens. I try again, “Paradeeces!”
The frown Kie wears tells me more than the obvious. I sigh, staring at my feet. I hate failing.
“To force a spirit to come to you it is ‘Lamente Callé’ not ‘Paradeeces’ that would force the spirit to go away. Now try again.”
I swallow the dry lump threatening to suffocate me. I breathe out as he taught me in Centering Class. Listening to my pulse settles me. I am ready. “Lamente Callé!”
I witness a swirling of the ground before me. Rising in a puff of air, a green spirit settles above the spot, hovering. It takes the outline of a small girl but has no discoverable features other than wavy long hair. Goosebumps break out all over my arms and I cannot hide the smile that fills my face though I try.
“Paradeeces!”
I jump, not used to being startled by Master’s booming voice. I turn to him in shock then look back and the spirit is gone.
I reach low to the ground to search it out; unsure of what has gone wrong. Coldness sweeps up my arms.
“No!”
Master Kie catches my hands. He chants. I swoon in his arms. The coldness that grips me retreats. I look to the ground to see a small dot of green light. At first I think it a marble I dropped from the bag I keep tied to my waist, then looking sharper, I watch it fade. It sinks deep within the soil.
“Master?” my voice is weak.
“That was a trapped female—a projected demon hiding in an underground prison. Touch her and she takes your life and you become trapped. Know this, Nista. All are alive. Even the dead.”
“Thank you, Master.” I say the words on command because I know he speaks the truth. But I have no idea what he means and for some reason I’m afraid to ask. Perhaps he will think me too childish and work with another.
“You are much improved, sister. You will take your mark with the others.”
Suddenly it feels as if the weight of the world has left my shoulders and I was made whole. I am a warrior like the others. I will fight demons and darkness, bringing peace to our land.
“Concentrate the rest of the day on life stories of the dead that you find around camp. Complete your spell training with Master Paul and reread Allastar’s Tomb. I should leave you behind for safety’s sake, but I grow selfish in my old age. I want you with us when we leave to confront Iden.”
“Thank you, Master Kie.”
“Don’t thank me, child. I am putting you in grave danger. You have the power and you will only learn by doing. I hope your mistakes will not end in your death. Know who and what you are calling ahead of time, Nista. Otherwise it will be too late.”
“Thank you, Master.”
I hug him, not paying attention to his words. I often did that and suffered later. Hopefully it wouldn’t cost me the happiness I now feel. It is lunchtime. I will find Lexie and tell her the good news. As I make my way to the cafeteria excitement builds. My heart pumps faster than normal. I stop at my original bench and sit. I could have cast a hand to the ground, instead, I focused, emptying my mind.
“Hello?”
I focus more after hearing the low voice.
“Hello?” it squeaks again.
I focus more. A louder voice shouts through the veil. I dismiss it to listen for the strangled voice from before. It is no more than a tiny yelp from a great distance. I release air from my lungs. Silence falls around me. A curtain falls. I feel as if falling in a deep sleep. A tugging comes from my middle. I clutch my belly like mother and rub to calm the demons within. I focus more.
“Hello? is anyone there? I can see your shadow.”
It is a young girl. I sit straighter staring at the ground before me.
“Hello?”
“I hear you,” I say in a low voice.
“Oh, Thank the Heavens. I’m Miriam. Can you help me find my family? Please!”
I lean forward, my eyes wide. “Your family? Help you find them?”
“Yes, we were together and then they were gone.  I need to find them.”
My heart breaks for her as I listen to her sob. She can’t be older than five or six based on her voice. I know before I say the words that I will help her. I knew better, Master Kie taught me better—spirits are never to be trusted. They long to live and if they get a good grip on you, even with a lie, they can possess you and steal your life. Still, I take the chance and dismiss all my schooling, based solely on a voice.
I look about to make sure we are alone. I lean forward to speak even lower. Though I have little training to judge its motivation, I believe her to be exactly what she is and I will help.
“Where are you?”
“I don’t know. It’s dark everywhere.”
Suspicion creeps into me and I lean away. Creepy sensations like tiny hairy legs of a centipede creep up the back of my neck. I shudder. Was I wrong?
“How can you see me if it is dark everywhere?”
“I see your shadow. There is a light around you. It was bright a minute ago but it’s gone now. Are you still there?”
It takes a moment to register. I lean forward toward the ground. “I’m here.”
“I can’t see you anymore. Are you there?”
There is panic in the voice. It speeds my heart to the point where it thumps like a giant drum. I am sure others will hear it if they walk by. A rushing wind blows. After focusing I realize it is me, breathing hard, panting. I need to make a decision. Something is wrong. Is she telling the truth? How can she have seen me before and not now when I am closer to the ground than ever before? Should I lean closer? Was it a trap? Was she trying to get me to come closer to grab me and capture my soul?
I pull back.
“I don’t believe you. I’m here like before. You’re lying to me. You want to use me. Go away!”
I stand and chant the binding spell Master Kie taught me. I hear her screaming “no” but it doesn’t matter. Her screams prove me right and fuel my chant. I chant louder until she fades back into oblivion.
I swallow hard. I look around for any who may have overheard us then race for the cafeteria. I berate myself for stopping in the first place and vow never to do it again.


Chapter 10: Awakening


Tomorrow will be our day of battle, all is made ready and the day of reckoning is upon us. I stay in my room pacing, unable to practice my lessons for the coming battle. Roland worries me. I don’t care for my safety. I can perish, but he has to survive. I have to do everything in my power to assure his survival.
True, on Ebara you don’t just die, the best way to think about it is that you change forms and in doing so lose years or decades out of the present with loved ones. To exist without my family will be hard. To be trapped as a wisp of smoke, caught between layers of rock deep within the planet’s core, will be hard. Still, I can face an existence like that or even the ultimate—evisceration or true death. All these I can do as long as I know Roland is safe. So I pace, searching for an answer, praying and bargaining with Heavens for this one thing.
The answer eludes me. I break for the door and run toward the library, past all the people preparing wagons and supplies for our journey. I have to see Roland. Something screams at me from within. I enter with my heart in my throat, breathing heavy and sweating. I turn about in all directions, whipping my hair across my face, feeling the sting of it but not caring. I have to find him. Where is he?
I run to the girl on duty, “have you seen Roland?”
Her eyes scan me. She infuriates me and brings a flush to my face. Why can’t she just answer the simple question? Why are her eyes darting about my face?
“Answer me! Have you seen Roland?”
“No.”
I push from her desk to begin anew. He always comes to the library this time of day.
“Nis?”
Turning, Lexie catches my eye. “Have you seen Roland?” I blurt without a customary greeting. My heart pounds. My throat goes dry.
“He was out back with Master Guan a while ago.”
“Thanks.”
Making my escape, I move down a path next to the thick inner wall on the left of our compound. Voices rise to me from beneath my feet as I travel on solid ground. I shut them out with the hopes of finding Roland. I picture his face in my mind’s eye and vow to find him. With my heart beating louder and breath shortening, I stop to watch Master Guan, our only female master, assist others in loading a madelon onto a wagon.
“Master?”
“Yes, sister?”
“I hear Roland is with you.”
“That was ages ago, sister. You will find him in the back of Seti’s house. Hurry, the first of us are pulling out. Success, Nista.”
“Success, Master.”
I bow then move away from the hustle and bustle. When clear, I dash. It doesn’t take long to find him kneeling behind his master’s house in prayer.
“Roland.”
I should wait for him to stop, I can’t. My heart should slow, it speeds more. I run to him and jump in his arms. It feels so right, so wonderful. Breaking our embrace and taking a step back, I want nothing more than to look at him, to make sure he is all right. Every inch of him has to be all right. He is. He wears his black warrior’s suit like the rest of us with his black belt and has already tied his bag of tricks to it. Gazing up at his neck, I gawk at his mother and smile. I wonder if he will tattoo a picture of my face onto some part of his body. That would be nice. Higher I scan to reach his mesmerizing gray eyes. They twinkle. I gush.
Without further thought, I reach up and kiss him as passionately as I can while wrapping my arms around his neck. He holds me and deepens the kiss. Electricity shoots down to my toes. I feel as if floating in the clouds. Getting to him was so worth it. I don’t want it to ever end. He pulls away and I pull him closer for just another few minutes. I need more.
“Hey.”
“Hey,” I say back, feeling shameless and wanting more.
“Shouldn’t you be in meditation?”
“I needed to see you, Roland, this is Iden we are talking about. What if it goes wrong? What if Master Cronus is wrong?”
“Nista!”
“It could go wrong. Iden has lived for ages, shouldn’t we worry. Master’s arrogance is one thing—”
“Stop it, now!” Roland grabs me by the shoulders and shakes me. I can’t believe it, only moments before we were pounding the gates of heaven. “This is blasphemy and you know it. Never let anyone hear you say such words.”
“But—”
“But nothing. Master Cronus has thought of every possibility. He would not risk us otherwise. We are warriors, Nista. Take pride in that and put your fears to rest.”
I gaze at my feet while he caresses my jaw. He tilts my chin up so I meet his eyes. After the shaking I don’t know what to expect to see in him but hope for the best. I see a smile. I return it. I move upward at the slightest inkling that he bends to kiss me. Again we kiss and I soar. I try squelching the worries with mixed results. For the time being, I will enjoy Roland’s kisses and leave the rest for later.
Roland takes my hand and leads me to the back steps of the house. We sit and hold hands, goofily looking at each other.
“Still worried?”
“Hear me out, Roland. Please.”
I ignore his huff.
“Remember—”
“Nis, you will be safer than any of us. We’re the fighters, not you and your books.” He huffs again.
“Just listen, please. It’s not about me. Remember how he told us that flesh-eating ghouls are rare and that the ghouls we face will be spirit-eating and less of a threat?”
“Yes.”
“Flesh eaters are not rare. There are tons of them in the foothills where I was born. They overran our village and made the Bessies unusable. They can walk through Bessies. I saw one of the people from our town not long ago. He is a flesh eater and is not far from here. If there are that many of them there when we were told they are virtually extinct, what else could they be wrong about or lying about?”
“Nista.”
“He’s no Heaven, Roland. He is a man, they all are. They lie, cheat, and steal, just like all the rest. What if he doesn’t know about the flesh eaters? Can you imagine that? We can’t put our faith in his arrogance when we know better.”
Roland bolts to his feet, a sneer beneath his nose. He sets his jaw to a hard line and balls his fists. He displays every tooth he owned. “Heresy! That’s what that is! You are branding yourself a heretic, Nis. I will listen to no more of this. You will not stain me with this.”
Roland takes steps from me. I relent. I grab his arm to stop him.
“I’m sorry. Heavens forgive me. I’m wrong. I’m wrong. Forgive me, Roland. Please.”
“You will speak on it no more?”
“I will speak on it no more. Please.” It surprises me when he sits with me. I hope for a hug though I don’t deserve one. “Roland, I worry. Not for me, for you and the others. Every day I pray for your safety. If anything happens to one of us, I pray it happens to me. You are my heart, Roland. My heart. And if that makes me silly, I’m sorry. You’re my heart, Roland.”
“And you are mine, Nis. Stop worrying about the world. Play your part and leave the rest for others. Promise me.”
“I promise.”
We kiss and I swear I am on fire. This time it is I who does the unthinkable and pulls away.
“What?” he searches my eyes.
“What about Lexie?”
“I can’t tell her, Nis. I can’t. It’s just a phase anyway, give her time and she will fasten on another. Master Seti consults Tulane about her and he tells me I can never give my heart to her. It’s not meant to be. She will get over her crush in time and then we will be free. I promise.”
I take a shaky breath. I nod.
“Let’s go before they leave us behind.”
Roland takes my hand and we leave. All thoughts of danger drain through my feet. Nothing will go wrong, I know it. I stop to give him another kiss before we meet the others.

#  #  #

A group of bulletin boards stand tacked to poles on top of a Bessie behind Seti’s house. The board facing the back steps of the house shimmers. The shimmering grows in strength and before long an image of a woman appears. She wears the customary black warrior’s outfit with belt and pouch. Long black boots rise to her knees. Dark auburn hair framing her face changes to a light blond color. Tears streak her face. Her entire body flames red. Sparks fly skyward. When she steps away from the bulletin board she leaves scorched marks in her wake. She stops and transforms to a solid being—Lexie.
Lexie watched the entire exchange between her love and Nista. She flamed again as she took steps toward the front of the house. She stopped and pulled her arms tight to her body as if to contain the uncontainable. Shallow breaths brought calmness. Every trace of disturbance left her and she was again herself. She moved forward but made the mistake of looking at the stoop they sat upon. Instantly, she flamed again and doubled over in pain before falling. She screamed and screamed, flaming higher and higher, writhing along the ground.
Finally, she exhausted herself and stopped. By the grace of the heavens no one came to her aid. No one heard. She climbed from the scorched ground to her feet, took deep breaths, and made her way with eyes forward to the front gates. She was ready for battle and would release her rage on any demon that came her way.


Chapter 11: Battle Lines


We crouch high in the hills overlooking the battlefield. Master Kie is at my side pointing to the hidden pentagram below us. He explained earlier how it failed its first attempt by a former master named Haval. Haval named it the Star of David — a six pointed star with a spirit-capturing rod at the tip of each point. You can’t see the rods at the moment for they are below ground in a special holding apparatus that links them together to a central circle below ground. A caster stands in the circle ready to banish captured spirits to prisons within the walls. Our most gifted casters lace these prisons or madelons with binding spells and curses.
Though we can’t see the caster, we are assured he salts the ground, readying his sacrifice. Soon he spreads blood and activates the structure. Our job: lure the spirits to this zone and cast them to the rods. It sounds easy. Perhaps it will be.
My throat stays dry forcing me to swallow every few minutes. I rub my hands absently and against my black clothing. Looking down, I see the wet stains I leave in the garment and cringe. I worked so hard to get this uniform and become a destroyer and now I soil it with perspiration as if it means nothing to me.
I don gold lettered enchantments to protect me on all sides while I fight. I wonder if they lose their power when wet. I should have asked but was too afraid. Master Kie is my friend but he is a hard taskmaster and hates ridiculous questions. I always have to think before asking the short, bald guru anything.
Dismissing my question as stupid, I concentrate on my task. I clutch my Sonsai — the small bag of charms at my side. I shake with anxiety. What if I can’t get to them? I wear a long black overcoat with pockets. Should I take it off and go without it as others? I think I look cool wearing it and don’t want to ruin the effect. Struck with a brilliant idea, I open the bag and place half the items in my pockets. I close my eyes to focus on what is where so I will remember in the heat of battle. I am ready.
A cold wind blows through my hair dislodging it. The breeze feels good but it signals the approach of evil. I crouch lower, sniffing the air for the telltale sign of air demons. I look up to see a loose rock teetering above me, if it falls, I’m finished. I move away for safety’s sake then direct my attention to the runners. I am not in their group. They lead a large group of ghouls toward the Star of David. I wonder if I would have been better at it. I hate waiting.
I hear screams from my family. They mix with some of the brave townspeople to lead a group of slow moving ghouls toward us. The ghouls are undead people walking about trying to capture the living to steal their life force and return to life. If they catch you they drain you into nothingness. If they take part of your life they reduce you to ghoul status and you walk the world in search of the living to live again. Thank Heavens we do not have too many of the flesh eating ghouls to contend with. Yes, ours is a strange world, but it’s ours and we love it.
“Get ready,” shouts Kie.
I crouch with my eyes peering around to see their approach. I swallow, my heart thumping with anticipation.
“Ready!” Kie speaks in whispers this time. “Nista, left. Lexie?”
We look about, she hasn’t arrived.
“Here, Master.”
I turn to greet her, she stands among rocks and given what I now know, she might have been solid rock moments before. She gives me an awkward glance then a tight smile that doesn’t quite reach her eyes. It worries me.
“You go right, Lexie,” says Kie.
We move out. It feels good to be in motion. I am moving before my master finishes, only I am moving toward a friend that moves away from me. I stop with raised brows then turn to carry out my assignment. Around the corner I go on a downward trajectory while listening to the whooping of our people from below as they run. I catch a glimpse of the young girl I saw in the library gawking at me. Ramey runs with her hands in the air screaming. I know instantly she isn’t afraid. I saw her run Kator’s Pass and knew she was lightning fast. Ramey moves at a pace to keep her ahead of the ghouls. She wants them hungry and wild so they chase without thinking. That is how they fall unaware into the trap.
I hop over rocks and boulders, leap over a high shrub, and dive behind a large rock to hide. Peering out, I see them: spirits. They hover in the air behind the ghouls. Three are large and in the shape of men: all red in color with yellow eyes. Three blobs of blue float next to each as if a pet, perhaps its dog when it was alive. I warm with anticipation.
Lexie snakes her way down the hill opposite to my position. She dresses the same. Her hair is blond and fashioned in a long loose ponytail that sways behind her as she moves. She nods to me when she reaches her position. I nod and we both look upward to Kie.
Master Kie directs the others in a symphony of moves with his arms. He gives a look to us and orders us to wait. At that, I turn to the action below. The ghouls follow the runners through the hidden star. I watch with anticipation as the spirits move over the structure.
“Now!”
I don’t need to hear Master Kie’s shout, I am coiled so tight I spring with his anticipated charge. I move to a clearing and literally take flight. I soar from the edge of the ledge through the air toward the spirits. I hit the ground as a curled ball and roll. I spring up as if I performed the move since birth.
“Hittons!”
Thank the Heavens for Master Kie. I stand there looking at the large red spirit in the center of the group. I find him fascinating and can’t help but stare. It never flashes through my mind that he did it on purpose. That he somehow hypnotized me so he can devour me with little resistance. It is just that feeling you get when you see something you know you should turn away from but can’t, like a tragic accident where you know there will be mangled body parts to scar you for life. You can’t help but to look. I stand looking until I hear the shout.
Immediately I reach for my decorative box, my Hitton. I hold the sides and echo the chant on its lid as loudly as possible while staring into the yellow eyes of the spirit before me.
The spirit roars displaying large yellow pointy teeth. It blows its foul breath which blows my hair back. I shudder but remain strong. I chant the second spell and the box opens. White light shoots out of the top to capture the spirit. While I hold mine, I witness other lights capturing the others. My eyes go to the ground in search of the arranged stones that mark my rod’s position.
I find it.
Carefully I move, maneuvering the struggling spirit into position.
“Filas Bedosee!”
A wider beam pulls the spirit into my box. The lid closes.
I speak the chant to open it and pick up the red pebble inside. Fingers, shaking with excitement, place it in a pocket on my belt, I ready to capture another.
The air buzzes with energy. The ground hums with power. Struggling spirits fill the air, shouting, screeching, twisting, and cursing. I look up and feel satiated. More, I want more. Blood flows like a raging river through my veins. My skin tingles red hot, burning.
It worked. The plan worked.
I look to the air to see no more spirits plaguing the sky. It is at that point that I run toward the screams in the distance—ghouls. If I cannot capture another demon, I will capture a ghoul.

#  #  #

At first a slight panic shakes me thinking that part of the plan has gone awry, no, the screaming comes from my family as they bash the ghouls. I pump my arms harder to get in on the action. When I was high up I saw it all, but now on level ground trouble arises. Ahead is a wall of rock with a ravine flowing around its edges. I can go around but it might all be over by then. I pull a magical brown marble from my Sonsai bag and fling it ahead of me. It shatters against the rock face to form dark lines that branch out from the center as if they are part of a spider’s web. A circle expands outward. I look into it and view my family. I run and dive through the circular hole in the rock face and flip over, landing on my feet. Before me, I see it all and the thumping begins anew. Action is all around me. I see two women with bats pummeling a fallen ghoul. Ahead of them a man sits on the chest of another pounding it with a large rock. I whip my head to behold a group of teens stomping a ghoul into the dirt.
I burn with longing.
Ahead, a ghoul chomps on a woman. She screams. The ghoul holds her in a tender embrace and chomps again. It is a flesh eater and feeds on the slumped woman. I run like the wind. Why I am so giddy I can’t say. I am. It is intoxicating to say the least. The screams. The wind. The shaking ground and electricity. I take it all in as fuel and race forward.
There, as it holds the woman down to take a chunk from her shoulder, I stop. I kick with all my might then punch. I kick and punch while screaming a battle cry of my own. Over and over until it is good and dead. Bracing, I ready to take on another.
Then I hear a howl.
A shiver sweeps through my soul. I look to my feet to see the remains of the woman stir to life. I don’t think. I stomp. I keep stomping until a strong hand whirls me around. It is then that I look into the stoic face of Master Kie. He glares. All the adrenaline that fires me comes to a screeching halt at the insistence of those cold gray eyes.
“What are you doing?”
“What?” I am speechless, caught.
“Explain yourself, sister.”
The dryness is back. I swallow hard. He shakes me hard trying to ring it out of me then stops. “You are a Summoner! What are you doing, doing this mindless . . .” his eyes are as big as saucers as he gawks at me with this look of utter disappointment. It takes several minutes for it to register what he is saying. They handpicked me because of my powers and here I am acting like a mundane, kicking and punching. I am a warrior, a summoner, a caller of the dead. I can stop the ghoul without touching it. Why did I abandon my training, my powers?
I search his face for something I can latch onto and justify myself in his eyes. I find no refuge. He shakes me again.
“Sister! Speak!”
“I-I-I don’t know.”
I know what comes next. His face twists into something of a demonic nature. Always when he punishes he gives the face first to signal your doom. He opens his mouth but no words come. His eyes roll upward, then he speaks. “Oh the Mighty Heavens.”
I turn with mounting fear.
High above us and behind floats spirits. They number more than a hundred and behind them is a large spirit that if it stands in front of the sun will block it and bring darkness. Iden the Thirsty.
“Oh, the Heavens in Heaven.” I say.
“Hurry,” shouts Kie.
I and the others fall behind him as he runs toward a rock. One of the family throws a sphere so we can take the shortcut. We jump through the door it makes in the rock wall to stand with several others already in battle with the hovering demons. I give a look to Iden. The large red spirit looks angry but calm. He is in control and his yellow eyes perform a scan of the surrounding area. I look to Master Kie. Kie joins the others, only I see the truth. Iden isn’t going to join the fight. He hovers in the background believing it to be a trap. We fight wearing the clothes of old; he must recognize us and sense the trap. I look down at the hidden star. Our family fights darting spirits in the area with spheres, other weapons, and eventually their Hittons. Our greatest weapon is silent and if Iden does not come closer we will not be able to use it. Armed with that knowledge, I search for my family.
I see Lexie fighting a spirit with a large spear she holds. With each whack the spirit groans as if hurt. I wonder how. It is my fault for missing class. The truth be told, I only use two weapons from my bag. I spend more time trying to reach the dead than wanting to fight them by practical means. It isn’t my doing. Master Kie says my powers will one day save us if I practice every chance I get. So I do.
At that moment I hear another scream.
Then, before my eyes, Lexie swings then vanishes. Right before my eyes! My mouth hangs open in confusion. She reappears on the opposite side and with a battle scream she swings again. The demon groans then shatters into several pieces. Again, she vanishes in a puff of smoke. I remember Roland saying she can do that. Speaking of Roland, where is he? Frantically I search.
Roland stands in the back, he looks like one of our muscular Heavens. Seeing him takes my breath away and makes time stop. He towers with grace, tall, sleek, and with an air of authority. I watch him crouch with a spear similar to Lexie’s. His face contorts. He blows black smoke from his mouth. The smoke encases a blue spirit.  Roland takes a knee and plunges his hand into the ground, chanting at the struggling spirit while clutching his spear with his other hand. He raises his spear high, rears back and opens his mouth wide. I hear an unfathomable noise. Can that have come from my Heaven? The spear flies from his hand into the demon. The spirit shimmers then falls in shattered slivers to the ground in front of Roland. My heart melts and I tingle with my own electric current.
I move to join him.

#  #  #

Though I see him from where I stand, getting to him will not be easy. I dare not take the straight approach. Roland and I have enough to deal with without receiving a lecture on shirking our duties. To my right I see salvation—a ledge I can sneak behind and snake my way to Roland without watchful eyes. I run toward the area and listen as the battle sounds fade behind me. Soon they will sound again and I will be fighting side by side with Roland. I hurry to my appointment. My head fills with thoughts of embraces and kisses.
Out of nowhere, a green spirit flies at me. I duck then turn to see what becomes of it. It soars high before stopping and turning to view me. I am its target, its evil smile confirms the truth of it. I will not be a sitting duck for it. I will not be its meal. Out of the corner of my eye I spot an oversized Bessie. I break into an all-out run for it as the creature swoops down for me. With a splendid dive, I tumble head over heel across the Bessie but cannot slow the momentum I built. Endanger of tumbling off and into the possible wide-spread mouth of a waiting demon, my heart pounds as I grappled with reality and my pending fate. I claw the ground as I roll. I would have stopped rolling if on the ground, but I was on the Bessie and it was solid concrete. I scream as my fingernails meet the surface and splinter.  I smell blood and know I shattered bone. Still, I claw, scream and claw again.
I have to stop tumbling or I will die.
Luckily, this Bessie is twice as wide as the others. Flashes of glowing writing whip by my face. My head hits the surface hard. I see stars. More than that, I receive divine help as the pages of Allastar’s Tomb unfurl in my mind.
“Allastar! Save your child, save me!”
I flip another turn then stop at the edge of the Bessie. The demon’s mouth lunges for me snapping as if it were a ghoul. Over and over the large pointy teeth rocket toward me, snapping together at the edge of the Bessie. Pain shoots through my middle. For a moment I suspect the spirit has gotten me. With a quick check to my middle, filled with trepidation, I catch a glimpse of dark gigantic hands crushing my midsection. They vanish.
I hear a snap again.
Quickly I crawl back to safety. I spring to my feet. Sweat drips down my face. My heart thunders as if signaling it will rip itself from my chest at any moment. I should feel fear. I feel exhilaration. I stand, staring down my enemy in battle stance.
“You thought you had me, didn’t you?”
It snaps its jaws again.
“Come on!”
Adrenaline pushes me into taunting. I scream again, beckoning with my arms as these devilish creatures have done to me so many times in the past.
“Come on! Come and get me!”
I know it is for naught. The spirit will not cross the threshold of the Bessie. I look at my feet. The ancient writing glows brightly as if it too taunts the evil before it. I point to the glowing writing and tilt my head, smirking. Suddenly, the green spirit takes a more humanly tone. It draws itself in and is no longer the snapping disembodied head in a cloud, now; it forms a solid core to stand before me. A woman.
“What in the name of . . . .”
I gawk. She stands my height meaning not more than five and a half feet tall, with striking black hair. Her hair literally shines, possibly sparkles. Her eyes are gray and if I didn’t know better I would say that she is a member of my family. She smiles as if she read my mind. Her smile shows sparkling white teeth.
“Who are you?” I want to say something stronger but she mesmerizes me. I prepared for a man or child. Demons are easy to fight, but a beautiful woman? If she did it on purpose, I’m in trouble.
“Ezra Dyer.”
I was wrong, she isn’t a Bladsworth. She looks so much like us I was sure she was family.
“I’m sorry about before, when I am in spirit form I have little awareness, it’s a curse.”
“A curse?”
“I was like you once. I fought demons of the air and land to protect the innocent. A great spirit overwhelmed else and took us. When I woke I was in a new form with uncontrollable hunger and rage. This is the form our kind takes when cursed. It is only now that I am slowly gaining the upper hand.”
She bows her head. My heart goes out to her and her plight. It can’t be easy to be reduced to such a state. “Who was it? Who did this to you?”
Her face falls. She holds herself making me want to embrace her and take away her pain.
“Who did this?” I implore.
“Iden’s brother. I’m sorry, please forgive me.”
She turns to leave. I reach out to stop her and comfort her and come off the Bessie. She turns and her face is no longer there. Before me is the body of a woman with the head of a large animal with snapping jaws. They rocket toward me like before. I leap back and by the grace of the Heavens I land on the Bessie. She comes forward snapping once more then stops at the edge of the Bessie, unable to cross. Instantly, she transforms back to the beautiful Ezra Dyer. She weeps.
“I’m so sorry, so sorry.”
I reach out a hand.
“Don’t!” she shrinks back to put more distance between us. “It’s you, you have the light. Stay away from any like me, we can’t control the hunger. I’m sorry.” With that, she turns and runs. I watch her take a few steps before transforming into spirit form and flying away.
“Mighty Heavens.”
I can’t believe it. She is like me yet she is one of them. And this brother of Iden she spoke of. I will have to ask Master about it all. Suddenly, I shake. A distant scream brings me back to reality. I am missing the fight. I turn to resume my trek toward Roland with a thousand questions circling my poor brain.


Chapter 12: The Fall


Upon my return, I see a rod shoot skyward before me. I almost fall backward trying to avoid the rising spire. It ascends six feet in the air, a black pole with a crystal ball on top. I sidestep to maintain my balance. Seconds later the ground hums at my feet. A red light shoots out from the rod to capture spirits. Everyone moves about in frenzy to capture more of the air demons.
After a brief look overhead, I move on toward Roland, but then I see Lexie fleeing. Where is she going? Something is wrong. I run after her amid the chaos of the battle to see her duck down a hole. When I approach I see steps. I descend, drowning the battle noise in my wake. For a moment there is abject silence then voices or rather chants come to my ears. Moving further into the area I see a black pole before me. It doesn’t take much calculation to realize where I am. Further in I see what appears to be black marble. It reflects the light and I’m sure if I stand in front of it I will see my reflection. Humming increases. Sparks fly from the rod to the black marble. The marble changes to a dull red color. And then I see them, yellow eyes.
“Oh my Heavens.”
I put my hands to my mouth to stifle further outbursts. The yellow eyes glare at me. I take a step toward them with caution. The demon flings itself against the glass and I jump back.
“Careful,” someone shouts.
“Nista!”
I turn recognizing Lexie’s voice.
“Nista, what are you doing here?”
“I-I-I . . . what are you doing here?”
Lexie moves past me to the wall opposite the yellow eyes that never fall from me. “Obidais constrainous exccallbay!”
The yellow eyes elongate. I hear a dull roar as they vanish into the wall behind her hands.
“That’s the prison Master Kie spoke of, isn’t it?”
“Yes. I came to help move them so we can get the others. Then,” Lexie spoke with a twinkle in her eye, “we get Iden. He is going down today.”
“Obidais constrainous exccallbay,” is the battle cry that goes up from the room. I look to see others, each stands at a wall near the black marble and black rod that stretches high above the ground.
“Lamente Callé!”
I turn to see a woman. She stands in a tight circle. At the edges of the circle I see metal beams stretching toward each rod. They descend deep into the ground about a meter from each rod. The circle draws my attention. It is red on the outside but white on the inside. If I had to guess I would say she stands on a mound of salt. I hear a whooshing sound. Turning, I see sparks from Lexie’s rod. The black marble fills with a blue form. Scanning the others, I see four other blues and one red. Lexie and the others perform their ritual and the forms move into the wall to empty the chamber.
That feeling rises in me again. Why wasn’t I part of this?
“Lamente Callé!”
Before I can focus on the woman in the circle the chambers fill.
“Hello?”
I turn.
“Hello? is anyone there?”
It is the same small scared voice. The same young girl that I banished earlier.
“Hello?”
I move toward the exit, sure it is coming from that location. I don’t want to leave, I want to stay and help, but the voice, I have to know so I follow. I stop near the entrance. From my position I see a black rod and sparks. I know more of the spirits from above are meeting their fates. In the back of my mind something nags at me but I know not what. I ignore it and continue seeking the dead girl.
“I can see you.”
I stop. I check for my shadow. Maybe that is what she sees.
“Are you . . .?”
“What?” I ask in low voice not sure if I want the answer. Silence follows. I don’t like it. “It’s me, the girl from this morning. You can talk.” I wait but she remains silent. Convinced it is a child I do what I think will draw her out. I threatened her. “Say something or I am coming in there to get you and you don’t want that. You’ve seen me in action. You don’t want to make me angry.”
“I’m sorry,” she whispers with a sob. I can’t see her. I face the wall and imagine a small beautiful child before me. I speak to that child.
“What is your name?”
“Miriam.”
“Hello, Miriam. I’m Nista.”
“Are you going to hurt me?”
“No, Miriam.”
“You hurt me before.”
The words sting like a dagger to my tender heart. “I’m sorry about that. I will not hurt you.”
“They were talking to me and they said to stay away from the light, but I knew it was you. I didn’t want to make you angry but . . .”
“Who are they, Miriam?”
“The others. The ones here in the dark. They are mean but they are hurt right now, not like the others out there.”
My heart leaps. “Miriam, can you see the others?”
“Yes.”
“Tell me, is there a large one, larger than the rest?”
“Yes, it’s mean, like a roaring storm. I think it’s the one that took my family. Can you help me find them?”
“In a minute. Miriam, the large one, where is it right now?”
“Behind the others, they move fast but it doesn’t move at all.”
“I need to get it to come forward, Miriam. How do I do that?”
Silence follows. “Miriam?”
“You are not going to help me are you?”
“Yes, Miriam, I will help you find your family. First I need your help. How do I get it to come closer? Please, Miriam.”
“That’s easy. Shine your light brighter. The storm likes that. My mother has a light too. She says I have a tiny one but tells me never to use it. They ran away with her shining her light. I hid but others found me. I have been looking for them ever since. They got swept up in the storm and vanished with the others. I have to find them.”
Miriam begins crying.
I stand, taking it all in: the mother has a light, the daughter has a light, and I have a light. Darkness is attracted to light. That’s how Miriam found me. I think about the other time Miriam came to me. I remember the thumping of my chest and the pulling from my middle. I remember.
“Don’t cry Miriam. I’m here. I have something to take care of. Stay where you are and I will help you get to your family. Okay?”
“Okay,” she sniffles.
I need to go check things out for myself. I race up the stairs. I see men with Hittons standing over hidden rods. They shoot beams from their boxes to snare dodging spirits. The star hums but never full-on activates, configured by Cronus to hide its true nature. Still, it impresses. But something isn’t quite right, I feel it before seeing it. Out in the open, Iden glares from the back. Shouting surrounds me. It is a mixture of battle screams and pure screams and howls. I transfix on Iden.
“Oh, the Heavens!”
I stand firm, determined not to fail. I shut my eyes to focus and feel lightheaded because something pulls at me. I open my eyes to a smiling, distant demon.
Iden moves toward me. I duck down the rabbit hole and hit the stairs in such a chaotic manner I nearly tumble down them. I look back to see a large red translucent hand coming toward me. My soul freezes. Should I have tested my light? I fall backward, hitting the ground hard.
I right myself then retreat further inside the cavern on hands and knees, backing up, all the while keeping my eyes fixed on the looming hand before me.
It stops then retreats.
I can’t say if it is the woman in the center and her chants or something else. I am grateful it left. That nagging feeling makes itself known. The Star of David will work for small spirits but never work on a large intelligent demon like Iden. If they avoid the star’s sphere of rods they will be safe. All we are doing is creating a world of humans and large uncontrollable spirits. The battle has been lost before it began.
“NO!”
I draw to my full height. He is not getting away. If he leaves we will never get him back. It took a year to build this station and he will spread the word to all his fellow creatures to avoid the area. I dust my uniform and stand taller. Minutes later time ceases. Everything becomes background noise as I center.
There, below ground with battle raging around me, I am stone. My soul quiets and I become one with my surroundings. Don’t ask me how I do it, I don’t know. I become larger than the girl that I am. I can see all around me: Lexie and the others feverishly chanting against walls with raging spirits, those fighting above ground with weapons and Hittons to trap small spirits, and off in the distance Iden with his Heavenly bolt firmly gripped in his hand while part of my family circles behind him with their boxes, hoping to trap him at last.
“NO!”
Iden flings the bolt. Two of my family fly in the air, each lands in a broken heap with eyes staring forward. He throws another. I focus and feel a powerful surge. My mid-section tingles as something below my feet crawls through me to the pit of my stomach. My eyes are flame. It is that feeling I got long ago when fighting spirits that meant to harm me.
Iden raises his mighty arm then stops. His head shifts toward me.  His yellow eyes flame brighter than I have ever seen them before. He throws his bolt in my direction. I don’t move. I hear the bolt land and see the dust kick high in the air. I hear screams and sparks behind me but I am in another space, another plane. I warm to a burning heat as something births itself within.
“IDEN!”
His eyes flame higher and he moves toward me. I stay in place staring him down in my transcendental state. He stops and roars. I pull more energy from the ground and I burn. It never occurs to me that it can all be real and I might just be on fire. I don’t care. I feel like the sun and Iden will know my heat.
“Nista?”
I hear the tiny voice of Miriam. I look to the wall. “He’s coming. Run away, Miriam, now!”
“Okay,” says the squeak.
I refocus. Iden keeps coming, high in the sky thinking he is safe against the heavens. My brightness blinds him to the rising star below. He crosses it and two rods catch him at his shoulders. He struggles. Two others catch him at his legs. As he struggles, I pull with all my might to lower him from the sky. My family stands ready. As he descends, they open their Hittons. Each box shoots a beam toward the giant spirit and where each beam lands it anchors and tugs. Iden screams in torturous pain.
They chant to pull him lower. Fierce winds blow, circling and destroying, still they hold their ground amid the storm and chant.
Iden forms a thunderbolt to hurl at my family. He lets it fly with a mighty roar. Several fall dead, their Hittons tumbling from their hands. Iden laughs and lifts higher. He is breaking free. I roar and feel a surge in my heat. Iden looks toward me and instead of making his escape, he lunges toward me. I am deep underground but see his misfortune and my family who holds him with Hittons—chanting—while others launch weapons at the demon.
I know he is too strong. In that moment, I reach out and stand as tall as he. Though my family doesn’t see me, I touch him. It is as if he is next to me in a death struggle. Weakness turns my legs to jelly. With a new surge I gain strength. I shove my imaginary arms deep within him and I pump the ground swell of energy at my feet into his core. Iden grows bright and then he howls.
He shatters into a million pieces, all of which fall into Hittons and around my family. Iden is no more. I want to celebrate with the roars I hear. Instead, I faint.


Chapter 13: Failure


I wake to a warm hand gripping mine. The sensation stirs me to consciousness as I wonder whom it is making the soft circles in my palm. It can only have been one person — Roland. He knows how sensitive the area is for me. Great way to revive me: bonus points to Roland.
Opening my eyes wide, I behold his smiling face towering above the smaller squished face of Lexie.
“Hey,” I say. It sounds weak. “Water.”
Lexie retrieves the water jug and pours water into a tall glass. I hadn’t dreamed the part of her and the explosion, her face held bruises of various colors and degrees. “Here.”
“Thanks.” I take a sip, removing my hand from Roland’s to grip the glass better. Both help me sit taller against the wall. In earlier times we had hospitals with real beds, now, we have mattresses stuffed with straw, clothes, or anything we believe doable. With the mattress on the floor and my back against the wall, I stare at both. “Worried?”
Lexie shakes her head tossing her blond locks. “Not me.” I don’t know what to make of her new attitude toward me. Sometimes she is lukewarm while others downright cold. When I get stronger I will talk to her, maybe it is time I tell her what no one else will. 
I shrug. “So, I fainted. What’s the big deal other than the stupidity of it?”
“Nista? You’ve been out for two days!” Roland blurts.
“What?” now it is my turn to mimic our local fish with gaping eyes and mouth. I look to my friend for help.
“When we found you,” explains Lexie, “you were out on the floor. You didn’t respond to anything or anyone. Roland carried you to the wagon and we brought you here.”
I turn to Roland for confirmation.
“Master Kie couldn’t wake you,” says Roland. “He brought in the best casters and summoners and none of them made a difference. If you didn’t recover on your own you never would, at least that’s what the official word was.”
“They thought you crossed over,” said Lexie, maintaining her aloofness. She holds my hand to hide it. My hand warms from the pressure. As I gaze at it she realizes and releases. “Sorry.”
“It’s okay, I know you didn’t mean to.” After she smiles sheepishly I turn to Roland. I shiver for the briefest of moments then steady, he has that effect on me. “Master Kie, is he mad at me?”
Roland smiles though it is not up to his usual standards. I brace for the bad news. “We lost Master Paul and Master Seti along with ten warriors. We also lost three cadets to obliteration and another four are ghouls. Master Kie is leading the recovery. So no, I don’t think you are on his radar at the moment.” He winks.
Even that tells me something is wrong, something he holds back. The poor cadets. My chest tightens more for them than for the masters we lost, especially the ones lost to obliteration. Twice in my short life I have seen spirits drain a person of life and shatter them into oblivion. I can imagine those newly humans running with joy into the night. Someday I will find them and put an end to them. They will die horrible—
“What are you thinking about?”
“What?”
“That look you had just now,” said Lexie, placing her hand on her hip. “What are you thinking about?” She stares down into me as if hammering through my head and retrieving the answers herself.
“Nothing.” I divert. “Roland, when can I leave?”
“When truth settles in your loins.”
Damn, he isn’t buying it either. I take a breath. I give a tight smile. “Ready.” I swing my feet to the side to rise. Both stop me and force me back into position. “What?” I hate when I sound like that kid of old but I am back in that mode.
“The healer will see you tomorrow,” said Roland, “not before. Rest, Nista, I mean it.”
With Lexie watching me like a hawk it is difficult, but I hide my joy. I don’t like to be ordered about but it feels good having Roland command me. He cares. I turn off my inner smile. “Lexie, can you bring me a book from the library?” turning to Roland in a huff, “is reading allowed, Master?”
“Nothing too big,” he says to Lexie. “I have to check on Tramar and Fuse.” He turns and exits. His energy whips across my face.
“What’s with him?”
Again Lexie answers with hand to hip and scowl. “He’s the new master.”
My hand flies to my wide-open mouth. How could I have not known? How could I have been so foolish?
“Oh, Lex.”
“It happened last week. Master Seti gave him his house’s mark. He was to spend the next three years training, but . . .”
“Oh, the Heavens!”
Suddenly I grow hot and sweat beneath my covers. I look to my friend who shows no signs of distress, except she clutches her fists. For the longest of times she stares at me without a word. It is eerie. Her countenance changes as if she deliberates a great weight and finally resolves it. She gives her first true smile to me and it warms me. She comes closer.
“He wanted to tell you but I wanted it to be a surprise after you got your mark.” She senses my weakness and strokes my hand. I shut my eyes tight, her hand holds a slight shake and I don’t want to let on that I see. Perhaps there is more bad news they are keeping from me. “It’s okay, Nis, really. Guess what?”
“What?” her high-pitched voice forces my eyes to hers. I stare with wonder into her happy eyes.
“Master Kie approves of our training together. Of course we have to call Roland master,” she mimes vomiting after putting a finger to her mouth. I giggle.
“Stop.”
“Well, you can call him that, I’m calling him something else,” she says with passion and authority.
“What happened to ‘true love’ and ‘he spoke to me?’”
“Screw you. Sleeping softened your head. I’m older than him, he should call me master.”
“Yeah, you wish.”
“Yeah, I do.”
We laugh for a moment, leaving unsaid what we each felt. Someday we will have to talk but not today.
“Well,” she said, “I better get going. I’ll stop by tonight.”
We hold hands. That is what I enjoy most about Lexie. We do our talking in silence the way it is meant to be done.
“Promise?” I ask.
“Promise.” She tilts her head lower to whisper. “We’re having a party to celebrate our victory. You should hear Scovan and Rue, they claim they struck the blow that killed Iden. They are signing autographs and blessing all the children they can get their grubby hands on.” Again she mimes vomiting.
“Seriously?”
“Yeah. Hate to break it to them, but I saw the masters drawing Iden down. They won’t say it, but we know they are the real heroes.” She looks to the door. “Oh! I gotta go. See ya later.”
“Whatever.”
She leaves.
So I didn’t get the credit, oh well, I know the truth. I drift back to sleep. For the first time it is not with Dreamy’s singing or scent. I lull into a state where I dream of my adventure and success over Iden. I revel in it.
Later, I shudder.
It is more of a shiver. Coldness draws me from sleep. The room is dark with faint candle light dancing on a wall. I pull my cover up tight to my chin peering at the dancing light. My breathing increases tenfold. I notice the vapor coming from my lip mimicking clouds. On instinct I check the walls around me wondering if I have been moved to a different room. Each wall holds protective spells written in deep black phrases and characters. I read one then the next beneath it on the wall with the dancing candle light. I am safe, at least I have that going for me. Still, something is wrong. The room is cold and my breath frosty. A spirit is here in the room with me, that is the only reasonable answer.
“Hello?” I hate the pathetic meekness in my voice. “Who are you and what do you want?”
A stand next to my mattress holds black candles in its holders. A stream of glass jars with white candles line the other walls at intervals. Each candle displays decorative gold letters and characters on their sides. Each candle flames high.
I push higher in my bed, scurrying to the wall and rising in a seated position as I stare about. This isn’t right. I am protected — the candles with their spells, the writings on the walls, and our common practice of chanting for security and safety of those in the infirmary. I am protected.
I pant.
The flames draw down to normal levels. A glass flies across the room shattering against the wall. I want to scream but the words stick in my throat.
“You are not going to help me are you?”
Searching my mind the name comes to me. “Miriam?” it has to be her, the tiny voice matches perfectly. “Is that you?”
Another glass flies and shatters to mix its chards with the first.
“Miriam?”
Pushing away the covers and climbing to my feet, I look about with uncertainty.
“You said you were going to help me. You lied!”
Another glass flies and shatters. A fourth rises in the air.
“Stop! Please, Miriam. Stop. I can help. I will help, just stop throwing things.”
The glass settles back on the floor. I take a breath I didn’t know I held. I search my mind remembering my training. “Lamente Callé.”
“You can’t make me!”
“Great believer of the world, shine that which cannot be seen. Illuminé.”
A mist rises from the floor to hover inches above it. It forms into a small translucent blue figure of a girl with long hair pressed around a small oval face. I take a step toward her wanting to clearly view her features. The form shifts slightly and at regular intervals so I can’t get an overall sense of her or place her.
“They’re waiting for me and you lied.”
She grows redder about the face, forming and deforming features with greater intensity.
“I didn’t lie, Miriam. I will help. I did help. Iden is gone.”
“THEY’RE NOT FREE!”
The candles flame high again. I whirl at the heat to my back. Turning again, I hold my hands in surrender. “You saw what happened, Miriam. I did my best. I will try again. All right?”
The heat falls from my back. I don’t need to check to know the candles flame normal again. I watch her as she weighs my argument while staring at the space at her feet. She looks up, “alright.”
“Good,” I say with relief. “First, do you know why I am here?”
“Yes.”
“Did you follow me?”
“No, you told me to run so I hid.”
“You saw my light?”
She nods her small head. For a test, I center. “Can you see it now?”
“Only because I am here. The others can’t see it.”
“Good.” I made progress. I am getting the hang of this stuff just like Master Kie said I would. My heart plummets at the thought. I wonder about him and in what state he might be in. “Miriam, I lost my master, his name is Kie. Can you find out what happened to him for me?”
She is silent but staring.
“Please, Miriam. This is important.”
“You said you would help me first.”
“We’ll do both. Tell me about your family. Where did you see them last?”
I sit in a chair to listen. Miriam never moves from where she hovers. When she finishes I enter deep thought to mull it over. If I don’t have the answers, others in my company will.


Chapter 14: Dinner


Two days later I sit quietly listening to Master Cronus tell of his plan to rid our world of evil spirits once and for all. It sounds terrific and judging by the faces around me it is that and more. They love it. Already they dream of living in a world where they will not need to keep track of every Bessies’ location. No incantations. No spells. No worries. Casters/Summoners can devote their energies to piercing the veil to gain new knowledge instead of the constant chanting of spells to cast out or bind demons from beyond and the like. Yes, it sounds glorious and if I listen to only his words I am just as enthralled. 
I know better.
“Hey,” says Lexie taking the seat next to me. She arches her brow high then scowls.
“Nothing.”
“You have that look again.”
“What look?”
Lexie scans my face for a moment. She locks eyes for the briefest of moments and then turns to watch the stage without comment. I wish I knew what she was thinking. For her not to speak further means trouble. Like her, I focus on the stage and our master but I constantly think of her expression and what it means.
“Exactly how are you going to do that?” asks an audience member.
“It won’t be easy,” says Master Cronus. “First. We use the caves of Olympia. That is where we will build our platform.”
“Platform?” asks a woman.
“Yes. We designed The Star of David platform for one spirit: Iden. This new platform is the Star of David on a planetary scale. The rods we use will descend a mile into the ground beneath the cave. We will replicate the star throughout the cave system with the largest star taking up the center of the cave.”
“Cascading?” asks the woman.
“Yes,” says Cronus.
The woman stands to scan the audience. Her face tenses. “Then you will need a caster at each center. How many of our people are required for this endeavor of yours?”
“None.”
“None.” The man at her side laughs, encouraging others to join. 
When the underground cavern exploded from one of Iden’s thunderbolts, the caster woman that stood in the center circle died. For us to work without any casters at all . . . unbelievable. I needed an explanation as much as they.
Master Cronus smiles his sweet unassuming smile, the one he gives before pouncing. He spreads his arms and gives a slight bow. The writings next to his wrists glow. “I have improved our trap to keep your people safe, mayor. First,” he pulls a stone from his pocket. The stone flames blue, pulling oohs and awes from the crowd. I sit taller and lean forward in anticipation with the rest.
“This is Jameson Stone from the Auburn Fields.”
“Wow!” the collective reply he pauses for. Like a conductor at a circus Cronus displays perfect showmanship.
“Jameson Stone is a precious naturally occurring mineral that attracts spirits and if a spirit gets too close to it . . . boom! It gets trapped inside.”
Applause erupts.
“My family has been searching for an abundant source and we found it in the caves. That is why we must dig so deep. Each rod will set on a deposit of Jameson Stone, electrifying the rod. No chants, no spells, only powerful rods rising to the sky to seek out spirits and damn them to Mardour.”
Thunderous applause erupts. I join the others in rising to my feet and clapping as loud as possible. While they lavish Cronus with praise and whistles, a sinking feeling overtakes me. I clap harder but the feeling persists. I look into the wide faces and remember Iden. I remember how he avoided the rods. How he stood back directing traffic. He knew they were there and that was a small trap. He may be gone, but there are larger demons and they will no doubt be aware of the rods and stay clear.
My stomach clenches tighter.
“Lexie?”
She stops her whistling to stare at me in confusion. She touches my hand and I feel a chill. 
“You’re cold,” says Lexie. She pushes me back into my seat and sits staring, scrutinizing me. “What is it, Nista? You know something, don’t you?”
I try avoiding her searching eyes but can’t. I swallow hard. “Lexie, I don’t think it will—”
“Nista! Lexie!”
Master Cronus stands on stage with other members of my family. He motions for us to join them. Lexie takes the initiative and pulls me forward with her. Maybe I am wrong? I could be wrong. I look at the townspeople praising us. Their faces echo their confidence. Sometimes I am a worrywart and this has to be one of those times. I raise my hand and accept their praise with the others. I haven’t heard the rest of Master Cronus’s explanation. It must have been good, the crowd loves it and approves. My family waves harder. Not wanting to be the odd ball I join them as confetti falls. Looking up, I see three women, spirits in human form, throwing confetti from baskets they carry. They fly in a circle high above throwing and smiling as happy as the townspeople and us.
“Lexie? Brenda and the others,” I whisper then motion upward to the women spirits, “the trap spares them, right?”
Lexie pulls streamers from her blond hair. She radiates with the warmth of the crowd. So full of joy all she can manage is a nod. I give another look to the swirling confetti throwers. Everyone is happy, everyone but me.

#  #  #

Later that day we divide into small groups. Most of us want to head back home but the townspeople will not let us leave without a proper thank you. They throw us a celebration party before inviting individual members of our family to their homes for dinner. Journar Belsgammon insists Lexie and I dine at his home. Together we walk the short distance from the town hall to his nearby small house of wood and mud. It is a fact that spirits detest mud houses; it probably has something to do with them coming from the ground and not wanting to return. That is the reason they constantly glide on the wind, at least that is what they tell us. To this day I have never seen one literally on the ground. So it stands to reason all the houses of the town don a mud exterior with grass, flowers, and vines throughout. From a distance a house looks like a small hill.
A woman runs out to meet us. Her gray dress flows behind her like her long blond hair. She reminds me of the way my mother ran through the fields chasing me. Those were great times. Even now I picture us rolling in tall grass among daisies and weeds, laughing as we tussle and roll down steep hills.
“The Culling Monks are coming,” she shrieks.
Journar and the man with him stop. The tension in them worries me. I know of the monks and don’t know why they react as they do. Lexie shrugs at me thinking the same thing. We wait for the woman to reach us. Before long she stops and takes a moment to catch her breath.
“Sensa passed. The monks are coming for her.”
Journar hugs the woman who begins sobbing. The other man notices how strange we look. “What caster level are you?”
“We’re twos,” Lexie says.
“This is an awakening, isn’t it?” I say. It has to be for the monks to be involved. They would not leave their stone fortress otherwise.
“Yes,” said the man.
“May we watch?” I try not to sound excited. The woman is clearly emotional about the dearly departed. She holds tight in the arms of Journar while he sums me up. He nods. I try not to smile. 
“Thank you,” I whisper, hoping she will not hear.
Together we turn and walk down a road between houses. Rounding a corner we see four men in white robes skulking toward us. Journar takes us to the right. We enter a small house ahead of them. Every nerve in my body fires with anticipation. My knees knock and my hands perspire. I wipe them on my pants before swallowing a huge lump down the dry well of my throat.
The outside resembles the other houses, wood and mud, inside was altogether a different story. The walls are a variation of white with black or gold lettering on each, including the floor and ceiling. I gaze at the far wall to read the safety spell written on it. True to form, it is a classic protection spell to safeguard the household. One of the first spells we learn in school. This one no doubt written by a local. It takes a master to write spells in gold, they are twice as powerful and protect against spirit and ghoul alike, all save the flesh-eating kind. Most remember to protect from air demons but if you forget about the land demons you may die in your sleep.
Journar pushes us to the far wall. No furniture sits in the room save a table in the center. On it lies what I presume to be the body of the deceased.
The blond woman approaches the table with Journar at her side. He lifts the sheet. I watch trembling fingers reach out and caress the side of a dull-skinned face. Long gray hair circles the head in braids, tied at the ends with yellow ribbons and white clips. The woman caresses the face with a gentleness reserved for a special acquaintance or family member. I wonder which. Journar lowers the sheet.
It is then that a woman enters in white robes. Immediately, the blond throws herself into the woman’s arms and they embrace.
“Wipe your tears, Helga. You are so emotional in your old age.”
Helga chuckles. She embraces again. “Forgive me, life is precious. I value it in all its forms.”
The woman smiles. They embrace again. She then embraces Journar before spotting us. “Who are they?”
“They destroyed Iden,” beams Journar. “We invited them to a feast at our house to honor their victory. This is Lexie. And this one is Nista.”
“Ladies. Welcome to my home. I am Collet. Have you come to witness the revival?”
“Yes,” I say, “may we?”
“Of course. Remain where you are and say nothing. You are only to observe. Not a single word from either of you. Are we clear?”
“Yes, ma’am,” we say in unison.
Suddenly, a cold wind blows in from the door. I forget about the monks for the briefest of seconds. One by one the hooded figures file into the small space, four in all. The first flings the sheet from the body while the others take positions around the body: one at the head, another at the feet, the other two on either side at her waist.
The one at her side that flung the sheet lowers his hood. He has pale skin and a bald head. Tattoos cover his wrinkled head, all in shades of black and red. I recognize the symbol for death and resurrection. I hold my breath to keep from making any noise.
“Gather, my brothers,” he says to the others.
They place their hands on the woman. They bow their heads and chant in whispers. I lean in to hear and perhaps remember a phrase or two. The more I lean, it seems the softer they whisper. After ten minutes of constant mumbling, they speak louder, raising their arms to the ceiling. As their arms go higher their voices grow louder. The men speak in such a loud thunderous voice that it literally shakes the room. I move my hands to my ears to keep my eardrums from bursting. Finally, they scream at the ceiling in one voice.
Whether it is the room shaking or my knees, I can no longer tell. Finally, they stop. They grip the table and move it to the wall opposite us. There, on the floor, beneath where the table rested is a hole. I rack my brain trying to remember if the hole was there when we entered or if their chants created it. While my brain turns in slow circles the men pick up the dead body and place it in the hole. They cover it with the discarded sheet and kneel in silent prayer on all sides as before.
“Collet!” says the man.
The woman comes forward to kneel next to him at the dead woman’s head. She places her hands on the woman’s head and mumbles. The lead monk places a hand on Collet’s head and shoves the other into the loose soil. The others follow his lead placing a hand under the sheet and on the dead body and shoving the other in the loose dirt.
“Sensa Strom,” says the monk in a commanding voice. “I bind you to this dwelling forever more. I bind you to your daughter’s touch and words. I command you to come forth and live again. Come forth Sensa Strom. Come forth!”
The body beneath the sheet shakes. Blue light surrounds the body and rises through the sheet high in the air.
“Come forth, Sensa Strom. Come forth!”
The sheet shakes more, then sags. They remove their hands to stare at the blue light that rises from the corpse. It takes the crude outline of the dead woman and rises to meet the ceiling. A spark flies between the ceiling, the hovering blue form, and the doorway. The spirit descends to stand in the far doorway in the shape of the woman. Seconds later it becomes solid.
The others move to greet her. I have other plans. I creep to the hole with the discarded sheet and kneel. I lift the edge to see nothing but dirt. All that is Sensa Strom transcended into the new Sensa Strom. The burial dress she wears will be her permanent dress. That I know from school. She will be able to arrange her hair in different styles even apply makeup if she finds some.
I saunter to the others to hear their lively banter. It is as if nothing has happened. Collet, the daughter, introduces me to her mother. I can’t resist shaking her hand and yes, it is cold. I wonder if she knows she is dead. Outwardly there is no indication.
I watch Collet hand the smallest monk a bag. They depart. And then it is time for us to leave. It will soon be dark and we have a long journey and haven’t had dinner yet. We say our goodbyes and then we are off down the road being led by Journar past a tall hay field to a small house similar in size and decorations. Journar opens the door and motions for us to go inside.
“Would you like something to drink?” asks the small blond woman.
“Yes,” I say, forgetting her name, “nothing sweet, please.”
“Me, too,” says Lexie.
She smiles, then closes her eyes, mumbling. “It will only be a minute.”
A second woman enters or rather glides in from an adjoining room. She carries a silver tray with small glasses. I can’t help but to look at her feet to see how far off the ground she rises: two inches. Her legs move as if walking but the moment I see her I know she glides. I can’t say how I know, but I know.
“This is my mother, Druella,” beams the woman. Her eyes grow big and cheeks flush with a reddish tint. “Oh, I’m so sorry, I’m Helga. Welcome to my home.”
“Lexie. And this is my sister, Nista.”
“Hello,” I say. “You have a beautiful home.”
“Oh, thank you. Please have a drink. We call it Trug juice. It is from our Trug tree.”
“Trash Lemonade?” I ask.
Helga’s eyes widened. “Yes. You know of the Trug tree?”
“My family traveled through an orchard of Trug trees when I was four. They make great shade trees, except for the hovering demons in the high branches.”
I take a sip of the drink. It tastes heavenly. I finish my small glass and place it back on the tray. While the others drink I take the time to study Druella. My grandmother died when I was three. She taught me about the trees and told me the chant to keep the demons at bay. Often we slept under trees and she would sleep next to me whispering in my ears. I repeated her words and felt safe tucked in next to her. Grandmother, like most of our old, fell victim to illness. If we had money she could be with us now. Only the Culling Masters know the incantations to call back family and they charge for their services.
I smile at Druella. She nods.
“Prepare dinner, mother,” said Helga, replacing her glass.
Out of curiosity I watch Druella leave. Again she motions as if walking, though her feet never touch the floor. She places the tray on a table by the door. I watch the writing on the wall glow ever so lightly as she approaches. When she moves through the open doorway the writing dims. I find it fascinating. Turning to the others, conversations in gross them so they pay no attention. I am the only member of my family to take notice of these things. Many times I am told to ignore them but for some reason they fascinate me. I want to learn everything about everything. I move to join the conversation.
“Does Druella live here full time?” I ask.
“Yes. She has been with us since her passing seven years ago.”
“I would have loved to have Nanna stay with us. We couldn’t afford it. She stepped into eternity. I miss her so.”
I hadn’t realized I held my head low until Lexie touched my hand. Knowing me I was speaking low and to myself again. I look up ready to apologize.
“We are no different,” said Helga. She strokes my arm in sympathy, smiling. “Mother believed in visions. A seer told her when and how she would die. She never told us. She planned her service herself.”
“In case she was wrong?” asks Lexie. “She didn’t tell you in case she was wrong?”
Helga shrugs. 
“Maybe she didn’t want to worry you,” I offer.
“Perhaps. Well, anyway, mother gave her possessions to the monks in exchange for staying with us. So long as one of us lives, she lives.”
“She doesn’t speak?” I ask.
“Not when she is solid. She sings in spirit form while I bathe or sleep. Just as she did when I was small. She sleeps with me when Journar travels. Helps with the housework and with Cass. Oh, the Heavens, Cass.” She moves past us to the back door. She flings it wide. There, out in the backyard I see a small girl running. She wears a yellow dress. A large ponytail holds her hair and is braced at the end by a long flowing yellow ribbon that moves with her. She runs in the opposite direction toward a tree. “Cass! Cassie!”
“I’ll get her,” I offer.
“Hurry, you have to leave shortly and we want to thank you for saving us from Iden.”
“I’ll be right back.”
I run toward the carefree child listening to her giggles as I go. I stop short of the bench she sits on. She sits humming, combing the hair of the doll in her lap. Up close I see that she has auburn hair that flows in waves throughout her loose ponytail. Her yellow dress is actually white with large yellow polka dots. She wears white socks and black shoes.
“Hello. I’m Nista.”
She scrutinized me with dark gray eyes. I smile. Her eyes go to my feet before returning to my face. She sits taller, going back to playing with her doll.
“You’re Cass, right? Your mother invited my friend and me to dinner. I told her I would come and get you.” I point toward her house.
“I already know. I’m not hungry, I’m playing.” She strokes her doll’s hair then whispers in its ear.
“Oh, I see. Can I play?”
Her gaze shifts to me once more. Her eyes narrow, darting about my face. She tilts her head as if to hear from some unseen entity then nods. “I know who you are.”


Chapter 15: Decisions


I know who you are? What does that mean? Her look frightens me. I smile to cover.
“Oh, who am I?”
“The Demon Light.”
“Demon light?”
“The False Light,” she crinkles her nose. “You killed Iden. They will come for you.”
I have been in the presence of those who see the future and none have bothered me. This girl does. I see it in her eyes— they briefly glow. That is a sign of a seer and if she has the gift at her age she will be powerful as an adult. The holy laws now come into play and remove the choice from my hands.
Master Kahn’s lesson to us is that if finding such a person, inquire of their gifts and nature to judge their worthiness. If they have an evil nature our third holy law requires us to put them to death in their childhood to prevent catastrophe. The hairs at the back of my neck are on end as I stare at her to begin my evaluation. She is sweet and I hope I don’t have to kill her. I will to save us.
I give my best smile.
“Who are they?”
She shrugs.
“I really would like to know, Cassie.”
She breaks her stare and when she does I feel a pull leave me. It is like the snapping of a rubber band that I never knew was there. That is how quick she ensnared me. This girl holds true power. I watch her stare at the ground before us. Suddenly, three heads rise through the soil followed by necks and torsos. I glimpse her smiling at them. She finds them nice but I get a chill from them, especially the one the farthest from me. Though it smiles graciously, I know better.
Cassie sits on the bench to my right. The spirit nearest me is a young female of seven. I have the feeling she made the first contact. She wears a dress from a century ago and holds her head high as if royalty. She has that air about her. The spirit to her left and in the middle is a male teen in his early years. He too wears clothing of days gone by as if a character out of a storybook. He hands her a flower. And the last, the female on the end, the farthest from me, has a glow around her that alarms me. Cassie will prove me right but I will keep my opinion to myself with a warm smile.
“Can you introduce us, Cassie?”
“Of course. This is Rani, she is a princess of Valsaria. Her evil sister had her killed to get the throne but she got her back, she told Iden where she lived and what time Alexandria would be in the garden alone to pray. Iden got her while she was running to a Bessie. She never made it.”
I watch the spirits laugh maniacally. More interesting is that Cassie joins in.
Strike One.
When they recover, Cassie points to the teen boy in the middle. He nods at me with a wide smile. “This is Hokar. Hokar is the first male sacrifice to Alte in three generations. Pan’s first cousin, Plaka, ordered his sacrifice for an abundant harvest. They lived in the next kingdom.” The little girl shifts to me with twinkling eyes. She buzzes with the excitement of someone holding a secret and dying to tell. She looks to Hokar then back to me after he nods with great enthusiasm. She wets her lips then leans in. “Plaka didn’t know but the sacrifice gets a last meal and wish—as long as it is not to be spared. Well, Hokar said he wished for Iden to get Plaka, that he wanted to witness it before his death.” She turns with excitement back to Hokar. Again he nods. “They couldn’t find Iden so he settled for Lucian.” Her eyes widen, then sparkle. “Lucian gave a sliver of her to him. He put it inside a flower and stuffed it in his pocket and caressed it the whole time of his passing.” She nods then bursts into laughter.
Strike Two.
Don’t ask me how I maintain my smile, by now it is a part of me as if I came out of my mother wearing it. But something is off. Plaka was seventy years ago and if her Lucian is my Lucian, we have a huge problem. I gulp then ask, “Lucian the Deceiver?”
Cassie gives an enthusiastic nod.
“The scrolls say he is dead,” my heart drops into my churning stomach, “eviscerated by Ballentyne Dyer one hundred and fifty years ago.”
They laugh with glee. Cassie shakes her head. “He faked it! They eviscerated Stinky Charlie. Lucian is in Lansing and day after tomorrow he will take the village. He has an army in the north in the foothills of Delphi. Right now they are marching on Mafis. Lucian will consume the royal family and in a week will be bigger than Iden.”
“H-How do you . . .?”
Cassie points to the girl on the end. “That’s Skylla, his mother.”
Thank the Heavens for Master Sole and his incessant need for meditation. He told me one day the lessons would pay off and that day is today. Throughout her tale I maintain my composure. I doubt if I gave away anything. Bombs could go off and I would be here on this bench wearing my best smile looking tranquil — my life depended on it.
Strike Three.
“What game are you playing?” I think a change in topic is in order.
“You and that girl are going to have a big fight. She will catch you.” She smiles malevolently. “She has already caught you.”
“What?”
“It’s your fault. You know she likes him.”
That doesn’t require explanation. Their judgmental looks and shakes to their heads come with a slight glee. Perhaps they think I am as bad as they are. They are wrong. “You said you were playing, what are you playing?”
“We are taking turns playing with Matilda. It’s Rani’s turn. Watch.”
Cassie lays her doll on the ground before the spirit. The spirit changes her countenance. She becomes serene. Moments later she sings a lullaby that I remember from childhood. Her voice is soft, serene, hypnotic. Slowly the doll rises and sways to her song. It moves around as if dancing with its arms up in an old-fashioned waltz. Round and round it goes dancing with an invisible partner while we watch with fascination. It is beautiful.
“Cass!”
The doll falls. The spirits disappear.
“Nista? What are you two doing? I thought you were bringing her to dinner? You have to travel before dark.”
“Sorry, Mrs. Belsgammon.”
“Helga.”
“Helga,” I say.
“Come along, both of you.”
We follow under the weight of her stare. I wonder if she saw the dolls or the spirits? Furthermore, I wonder if all mothers have that staring power. It is not a dead power like we have, it is that command power wielded by elders. Neither of us say a word until we enter the house to speak to those gathered around the table. I am pleased to see Druella serving. She places a bowl of potato soup before me. I smile at her while she lays the silverware next to it. I want to touch her again to detect any change within her but know I shouldn’t.
“Nista,” booms Journar. “Tell us how you all shattered Iden.”
“Journar! Where are your manners?” asks Helga. “They are guests in our home. Let them eat so they can travel in safety. Eat up, dear.”
“Thank you.” I take my first spoonful in case her ploy doesn’t work. My mouth will be full and you never talk with a full mouth. Thank the Heavens.
Helga strokes my hair before sitting. “You two are so wonderful with your gifts. I wish my Cassie had gifts. She could keep us safe.”
“We don’t need that,” said Journar, “no offense. We haven’t had demons around here in ages. Matter of fact, I can’t think of the last time we had one around the house.”
“Um, remember that ghoul and specter that came through by the south gate?” asks Helga. “It did all that damage on the west side by your place, Solis, then stopped down from our house and just left. That was so weird.”
“Yeah,” echoes Solis. “Thank the Heavens for small miracles. I wish they spared my place too, but if not me, I’m glad the heavens smiled on you.”
I keep my head low sipping the soup but surreptitiously look at Cassie. That must have been when her powers first manifested. Instead of attracting demons she repels them. I hurry with my soup so we can get an early start. I need to get back to research the new information I have. We say goodbye and begin our journey after hugs and thank yous from all.
I stay in my thoughts the journey back to camp. Lexie speaks intermittently and must have given up on me when I responded with one word answers. She’s my best friend but I can’t tell her about Cassie. That will bind her to the law and force her to participate. I can’t do that to my best friend. It will be easier to go it alone. I will bear the burden for us both.
“You okay?” asks Lexie at our door.
“Yeah, Lex, I’m tired but not sleepy. I’ll be in the library doing research. You go in and rest.”
“All right. Let me know if I can help. Goodnight.”
“Goodnight.”
We hug then separate. I shuffle to the library with a heavy heart. Flinging open the door, I move inside and rush to the back to the history section of the building. Rounding a corner my heart stops. There he is, the man of my dreams. Seeing him quiets everything in my soul for the briefest of seconds, then everything speeds up beginning with my heart leaping into my throat threatening to knock me on conscious due to lack of oxygen. A goofy smile spreads across my face. Warmness chases that goofiness and I burn.
“Hey.”
“Nista. Hey.”
“What are you doing here?”
Roland holds up a book, Master Me. He smiles. I feel as if falling through a void.
“I’m sorry about earlier, Roland. I didn’t know and meant it in teasing. I’m sorry.”
Roland looks at his feet. I pray he will forgive me and search that downturned face for my answer. His eyes roll up and he stands taller. He comes to me with the gentleness a mother has for her infant. He embraces me and puts his warm lips on mine.
My feet leave the floor. I am tired, my legs are jelly to begin with. And with a kiss I am a goner. But I don’t care if I hit the floor. With his lips pressed to mine it will be welcomed. Just don’t leave my lips, Roland. Please don’t leave my lips.
My feet did give out and leave me. Instead of falling, I am swept up into strong arms and cradled and the Heavens as my witness, those lips never leave mine. Thank you, Heavens. I will pray harder and do better for you honoring my wish.
After an eternity my wish breaks and we part. As he draws back his lips I move forward longing to reconnect. He stops and kisses me again before setting me on shaky legs once more.
“Um, thanks.”
“What brings you here, Nista?”
“Sit down, Roland.” I walk around for a moment while he sits. Clearing my head will not be an easy thing but I am willing to try. I sit. “Roland, what do you know about Lucian?”
“Lucian?” he fixes his eyes on me oddly, pursing his lips.
“Tell me about him, please.”
“Well, I assume you mean Lucian the Deceiver?”
I nod.
“Lucian was the son of Skylla. Skylla was a powerful seer struck down by Ballentyne, the Hammer of the Heavens. Lucian was the last of her children, still in her womb at the time. The others were hunted and killed. Ballentyne thought he had her but she saw her death and prepared. Zamus gave her immortality before the final battle. When she met Ballentyne and he struck her down, she didn’t die but his power was enough to condemn her to half-life. She—”
“Wait, half-life?”
“He bound her to Mardour by her feet. She is immortal and her feet rest on the Throne of Hell. There was a rumor told long ago that she was able to pull herself halfway out of the ground before the recoil sent her back. It’s only a rumor. She’s a Halfling.”
“So if anyone saw her they would only see her top half?”
“It’s only a rumor, Nis.”
“Her top half?”
“Sure, I guess so.”
“And Lucian?”
“She gave birth to him in the heart of the world. He came out as a spirit of the underworld, consumed with rage, wanting vengeance, and forever searching for a way to become human.”
“But he can’t . . .”
“Transform like the others? No. A spirit can consume a living being and transform. He will need more than a few to do the same.”
“Wow.”
“Yeah. There is an old story that says if he eats enough souls he can transform but he will have to consume half the world for that.”
“Lucian will consume the royal family and in a week will be bigger than Iden.”
The words thunder through my head. Something is wrong. What if it doesn’t take half the world? What if it takes a royal family instead?
“Roland, what do you know about royal families and dead powers?”
“What do you mean?”
“Are the powers stronger in the royals?”
Roland laughs. “No.”
“No?”
“Well, not ‘no’ exactly. I can only think of one royal family that still has a line with powers. The rest are figureheads that use people like us to keep order. To tell you the truth I have always wondered why the people don’t seize power, there is no one to stop them if they did.”
“Like Cronus?”
Roland stiffens. All traces of laughter escape his body as he stares at me as if I slapped him. He and I have always differed on our use of powers. I follow our religious branch and am against using our powers for gain, but Master Cronus believes we are heirs to power.
“Master Cronus is our leader and is protecting us.”
“He is also carving out his kingdom and using us to secure it.”
“No, he is not.”
“Were you not there? You didn’t hear the demands he gave the people? Make him king and he will rid the world of demons.”
“We need supplies, Nista. It is their job to care for us while we defend them. It’s written in the scrolls. They say that ‘a man is worthy—”
“Defend them? Roland?”
“Yes, Nis, defend. We help them and they show their gratitude. Who are we to stand in the way of their praise. We can’t insult them. Can we?”
I move from the table not wanting to talk further. Every fiber of my being screams. The sensations are raw and give me such a headache that I don’t feel Roland’s arm around me. He kisses the back of my neck and I swoon by design. I meet his eyes.
“I’m sorry. I don’t mean to argue. We have this conversation too many times. Let’s agree to disagree.”
“Thank you, Roland.” We kiss. I break free and search his eyes. “Are you talking about Mafis?”
“Yes.”
A chill creeps from the deep to wrap around me like a tight tentacle. If I was in water it would pull me under to my watery grave. I take deep breaths while gazing into his gray eyes for solace.
“What is it?”
“Nothing.” I should have told him. I barely believe it myself and to tell him pulls him in and I want to spare him. Hopefully Cassie is wrong.


Chapter 16: The Call


I didn’t have my best night of sleep. In truth, I toss and turn the whole night. I have had many of those nights in the past and made do with what little sleep I was afforded. Cassie never strays from my thoughts. I know the law and I know the risks associated with dead powers.
Attending to daily chores proves a difficult task. Most I can’t perform because they involve concentration. I abandon most to make my way back to bed to rest. Tomorrow I will double up and work twice as hard to get back on schedule. That is the decision I make and I set out to do just that. Rounding a corner, I see Lexie washing clothes in the middle of the square in a metal bucket set on a large Bessie. She rubs clothes against a washboard then places them in a basket to be loaded on to a wagon for hanging on a clothesline behind our community building.
“Hey, Lex.” I step on the platform and look at the sud-filled tub of white water.
“Hey.”
“You really love washing, don’t you?”
“Of course, it’s peaceful. I get a chance to unwind and think. It’s kind of like taking a long walk on a quiet trail in the woods.”
“I can use a walk like that.”
Lexie gives me one of her odd looks. I immediately regret giving too much information. I rack my brain thinking of a diversion.
“Still refusing to use Dreamy?”
I shrug.
“You want to tell me about it?”
I avert my eyes choosing to kick at the black enchantment spell at my feet in an attempt to divert as if something is wrong with it and not what I said.
“Here,” says Lexie, “help me with these.”
“Thanks.” I mean that in more than the way she means although she probably knows it.
I’m not big on water, most with dead powers aren’t. Water is nothing more than a medium for the dead to transverse to our world. If the tub didn’t sit on a Bessie I would not touch the water, it is too dangerous. Once, when I was small, a boy swam in the lake. It was safe, masters and monks stood on the land and in the water to protect us. It was Jubilation Day, the fifth moon of Summerful. Joseph told us he heard mermaids singing and calling his name. We laughed. Some ridiculed. Joseph’s face flamed red as he clutched his fists and scowled. He was half their size so no one feared retaliation from the dreamer. I felt bad for him and truth be told, I thought I heard singing for a second but when they laughed I knew I was wrong. Joseph should have known he was wrong as well.
While we lunched on the bank, he dangled his feet in the water while eating a sandwich. A commotion happened behind us. We turned to see a red blob hovering high in the sky. I waited with bated breath for it to take shape. This usually occurred right before the spirit attacked. It took the shape of a large rectangle and descended to just above ground. My mouth flew open along with others. All worried but our guards, they surrounded us, some dropping to the ground in heavy chant while others took battle stances with weapons at the ready.
The red rectangle rose, shimmered, then turned into a woman with long flowing hair that blew behind her on the arms of the wind. She was beautiful, mesmerizing, floating down to within reach. The monks chanting reached fever pitch and she howled as if angry. They threw dust at her and she appeared to burn. She soared high in the air, far out of their reach. She laughed with a sound that shook the air. I covered my ears at the wretched noise. And then, she grinned and pointed behind us.
All heads swiveled to the lake. My breath caught at the sight of Joseph furiously swimming out to the middle of the lake. We yelled for him to stop. Three Masters dove into the water but they would never reach him.
Joseph cried out with a sound that told the tale. He sank beneath the water in a struggle of futility. We saw a pop, like a flash of lightning. We knew what that meant. Then, Joseph surfaced. He swam with a fury trying to get to safety but he swam to the other side instead of back toward us. I screamed yelling for him to come back and took off along the edge to race to the other side and help him out of the water. A strong arm grabbed me.
“Let me go! Let me go! Joseph!”
“He’s gone, little one.”
“He’s there!” I pointed, struggling to free myself from the monster. “Let me go.”
“Look.”
The man turned me, lifting me in the air while I kicked and struggled. He pulled me tight against him so I had no choice but to look. So look I did. And I saw him clear as day. When he reached the bank to climb out of the water something was wrong. All fight left me as my body went limp. I had never seen Joseph without clothing. That wasn’t it. Something about the way he moved and then the hair was so much longer. He turned. Oh the Heavens, it wasn’t Joseph. It was a girl. She smiled, waved, then giggled. I watched her run from the area while the Master that held me spoke words in my ear that I did not hear. Poor Joseph, he was my friend.
“Nista! Nista!”
I lose my balance and nearly fall. A hand grabs me. “Hey.”
“Sorry, didn’t mean to shake you that hard. What is going on with you? I’m standing here talking to you and you are off in another world.”
“Sorry, Lex. I was thinking about someone I knew long ago.”
“It couldn’t have been a happy memory; you were on the verge of tears.”
“Well—”
Saved by the horn or rather the crowd. People rush by with terror in their eyes. Lexie and I look at each other, drop our washings, and run with them. I bring up the rear seeing as how I am not as fast as my friend. They run to the Center so we trail. Inside we stop to listen to the shouts to figure out what has happened. At the head of the crowd stands our masters. Roland stands on the end with them. This is our town hall and usually the three of us stand shoulder to shoulder listening. It feels strange to have him stand with the others. He is now my superior. How in the world am I going to deal with that change?
“Calm down, calm down,” says Master Wong, silencing with his hands. “As I said before, a runner brought us news of catastrophe to our north. He has lost energy, soul energy. Which means he has been attacked by ghouls or spirits. He collapsed before he could tell us more.”
“But why, Master?” asks a distraught woman.
“What kind of attack, Master?” asks another.
Master Wong holds his hands high. “He said ‘attack in the north’ then he collapsed. Clamor read his energy. He will need time to recover. But have no fear, I have sent collectors to scout the area for a thorough report. Have no fear, we will know the truth by the end of the day.”
“No!”
I immediately regret uttering the word. All eyes turn to me and I feel a chill.
“No, Nista?” asks Master Wong though it really wasn’t an ask.
“Sorry, Master Wong. I spoke without forming my thoughts clearly. I beg your forgiveness.”
“Very good, Nista.” He turns to the crowd, “now—”
“Master?”
“Yes, sister,” Wong says through gritted teeth. Clutched fists let me know I should shut up but I know more than he and can’t let him send my family into catastrophe.
“Master. You have to recall our people. They are going into a trap.”
If every head wasn’t glued to me before they are now. I don’t need to look into their skeptical faces to see the presumption and loathing. The antics of a schoolgirl acting above her station. I know the silence all too well. I keep my gaze on Wong but my peripheral vision sends a message to Roland for help. By the grace of the Heavens he steps forward.
“Master, may I?”
The Master nods. Roland bows. He steps away from the others toward me. I remain stoic on the outside but inside dance a jig. He is my hero, my savior. So I can’t say what a shock it is when he grabs my arm so tight I wince. I let out a light yelp as he drags me toward the exit and out. We both stumble forward, I hit the ground.
Looking up, I see Roland scowl before whirling around. 
“What is your problem?” Lexie thunders.
“How dare you,” thunders Roland.
“Dare I? You grabbed her.” Fire blazes high in her gray eyes. I look up and it is at that point I know what happened. Lexie hit him hard in the back, knocking us both forward and me to the ground.
“I saved her you idiot.” He turns to me and points back at Lexie. “Tell her what you were about to say.”
How did he know? Did he know?
“Nista,” says Lexie.
Roland helps me to my feet. I motion for them to follow and walk to the back to the bench I sit on while practicing my lessons. They sit while I stand facing them with the outer wall behind me. “It’s Mafis, Lexie. The attack happened in Mafis and it is by Lucian the Deceiver.”
Lexie bolts skyward. She swivels between us both. She has the look of a wounded animal betrayed by the pack. Each time her blond head moves to gauge me the look shifts deeper into impossible. I sink deeper with every accusatory look. “The Deceiver has been dead for generations, you know that. You both know that.”
I shake my head hating every shake. “It’s him, Lex. He killed the royal family and took their power. Our brothers and sisters are walking into a trap.”
“I don’t believe you. And neither will the masters.” She turns to Roland and if she held love for him not an ounce of it showed. “That’s heresy. The flesh has made you abandon your calling. You are not worthy to be master. I’m reporting your heresy.”
“Lex!”
Lexie storms off. We chase her back to the Center. The doors fly open and sitting in a chair is a strange man. His face is wet from crying and flushed to a pale shade. I look up as Master Wong holds a hand to me. Silence is the order of the day.
“Ghouls roared down the streets in droves,” said the man. Master Wong put a hand to the man’s quivering shoulder to steady him. Not a sound comes from the full audience. “They ripped people to pieces, devouring them like snacks.” Again he stops to sob. “Demons filled the air in all shapes, sizes, and colors.”
“Who led them?” asks Master Wong.
“A large demon hovered high to the north. It laughed the whole time. It laughed.”
“Describe it.”
“Huge, nearly blocking the sun. It-it-it . . .” grief takes hold. The man bends forward to wail. Master Wong comforts him and judging by the room, we need his steady hand at our backs as well.
“My wife,” continues the man, straightening.  “She ran ahead of me. A blue spirit eviscerated her. I stopped in horror. I held a sacred baton to bat at the demons. I watched the spirit take the shape of a solid woman. She looked at me laughing. Laughing. I charged her with my baton ready to strike before she adjusted and gained strength. And then she called it. She called the demon and it acknowledged her. I ran toward her and her toward me. The demon flew between us and snatched her up by her wrists. I stood there watching her rise with raised arms into the sky. She laughed. They both laughed as he took her away. My wife!” he bends with hands to his face and cries.
“No.” screams a woman. “They can’t do that. He’s lying. They can’t do that. They can’t touch human flesh like that. He’s lying.”
Others join her.
I turn and walk from the building, my mind numb to everything behind me. Cassie was right. The girl is a true seer. She said Lucian was responsible. A pang shot through me and I doubled over with an inkling of what that man felt. In my head I see her, Cassie, her and her spirit friends laughing and giggling. Reveling in their victory. It is at that moment that I know I have to stop them, I have to stop her. Duty demands it. The welfare of the planet demands it.
I straighten. I trudge back to my room to gather strength for my undertaking. 

#  #  #

Later that day Roland knocks at my door. “Hey.”
“Hey. Feeling better?”
“Yeah.”
“Look, Nista, Wong called back our people. Don’t mention your theory of Lucian unless you are going to tell all that you know. Do you understand?”
Though having my family safe takes a load off, my future mission weighs me down. “I know. Do you believe me?”
“Yes, Nis. I believe you. But without proof . . . you are asking people to believe the impossible. Long dead masters who were there at his execution have testified that Lucian is dead. It’s been written in our history books. These people are not going to turn their backs on centuries of history on your word alone. Well, look at Lexie. She isn’t as hard core in beliefs as you are and she called in heresy. Just think what the others will call it. You can’t, Nis. You can’t tell them.”
“I know.” It is killing me to know the truth and not be able to tell anyone. And then there is Roland, my sole ally. I can’t tell him the entire truth either.
“Come here.”
Roland holds his arms out to me and I leap into them before he rescinds the offer. I need his strong arms more than ever. As he holds me, I feel a tingling in my middle. A drawing down feeling that accompanies power. Something is wrong.
“What is it?”
Without meaning to I stiffen in his arms signaling danger. “Nothing, just thinking.” The truth can be found somewhere in that lie. But for now it needs covering. I draw on Roland’s energy to solve my problem.
There, in the corner of the room, I see a shimmer. How can it be? These are holy grounds blessed through the ages by countless monks and masters. No spirit can cross our threshold, yet one did.
“Hey,” cries Roland.
I release him, not knowing how tight I held on to him. I take a step toward the shimmer. Nothing reveals itself. Roland comes behind me and touches my shoulder.
“I love you, Nista. Talk to me, please. I know something is the matter.”
I concentrate on his touch and energy flows between us and the floor. I focus sharply on the wall and discover a blue dot.
“Come forth!”
Miriam shimmers into existence, hovering inches off the floor but firmly in the wall. To my shock, it is Roland and not me.
“Reveal yourself to me,” he commands.
“I’m Miriam.”
“How are you here, Miriam? Are there others? How—”
“Roland, please.” I break his inquisition and grasp to take a step to her. “What is it, Miriam?”
“I saw a new light close to you earlier. I tried telling you but I couldn’t get through. The others blocked me so I ran away and came back here to wait for you.”
“Others?” 
“Please, Roland. I’ll tell you later. Miriam, how many are there?”
“I can’t see a lot of them. Too many to count.”
“Um, okay,”
“Ask her about the light,” whispers Roland.
“Um, this other light, who was I with when you saw it?”
“Nista?”
“She can’t see the way we see,” I spat. I didn’t mean to and regretted the expression that followed. “Sorry. Please forgive me. Let me do this and I will tell you later. Please.”
“I’m sorry,” said Roland.
“Miriam, tell me about the light.”
“It was low compared to yours, at first. The others boosted it. One of them has a light that stretches forever.”
My familiar chill returns. Cassie. Cassie is the other light and dark energy brightens her light. She will become powerful and it won’t take long. The thought of it gives me shivers. I believed I was comfortable with my decision. Now more than ever confusion circles me like a shark zeroing in on a meal.
“Miriam, there is one who flies in the Heavens. He travels with many but stays separate, watching. Do you know where he is now?”
“Do you mean the storm?”
“Yes, the storm. Where is it?”
“Creating new lights for the dawning of their new kingdom. The others told me to stay away from it so I do. Have you seen my parents?”
“Not yet, but I will find them. I promise. Find the storm and let me know where it is, okay?”
“All right.”
Miriam fades back into the wall. I set my mind to tell Roland as much of the truth as I dare. I have qualms over much of the story. What he doesn’t know he will guess at and more than not be right. I face him and steel myself.
“Hey, guess what? Lex and I witnessed a transfiguration. The monks bound her to the house for the life of the inhabitants. It is like, wow.”
Roland gives a tight smile with no warmth. He is a student of Master Seti, that is in evidence. “The eye remains fixed on the prize and does not sway to the trappings nearby.”
I gulp knowing I have lost before I began. Time for truths, correction, partial truths.
“That was Miriam. She helped me when we fought Iden. He took her family and I promised to help reunite them if I can find them. So far I haven’t had the opportunity to really search. But I plan to keep my promise.”
“The light, Nista. Tell me about the light.”
Damn, he will not let it go. I move away to get a little distance and strategize.
“What about it?” play coy and maybe he will relent.
“Nista, please.”
I take a breath and slowly exhale. “Miriam is a ground spirit. She travels throughout it and is attracted by light just like the others because it’s always dark. Their sense of vision is different— shades of black mixed with white. They see the living as lights and they know if they cling to one they can become human once more.”
“I know all this. That is first year stuff. The light, Nista. Now.”
I release a long held breath. Roland is good, no wonder he made master so fast.
“Nista.”
“All right! The Heavens, Roland, give it a rest.”
Roland storms to me with fists clenched, scowling, as if to beat the life out of me. For the first time ever I think of him as menacing as he towers over me. I can’t look into his eyes though I want nothing more. I lower my gaze wanting to stare at my feet but I see his fists. They shake. He wants to throttle me. I have seconds to make my decision. I don’t need seconds, I will let him beat me rather than put him in that situation. I will do my duty but I will not let him participate, it would haunt him for all eternity. I steel myself to await his wrath. I close my eyes trembling and shaking my head to let him know I will not tell him. I brace for the inevitable.
And then, his hands spring upward to grip my face and he kisses me with tenderness and force.


Chapter 17: Rani


I dream of Roland throughout the night. It is a welcome diversion. The task that lay ahead for me weighs on my mind at daybreak. I go over all that I know. Cassie is a seer and one day be a power all on her own. With help from the underworld and evil thoughts such as revenge circling her mind, she will no doubt be drawn to the dark power’s corrupting influence. That combination means disaster for the living as well as the dead. Cassie cannot be allowed to continue practicing her powers. It falls to me as a Holder of the Faithful to enforce law and destroy her retroactively. Yet, I picture a sweet innocent girl in my head. What if someone had done that to me when I was her age? Seeing how I grew up, I would not be able to defend against such power. Neither can she.
While the others attend breakfast communion I slip out the back to carry out my duties. I walk along the path that carries me from our camp to the small town where Cassie Belsgammon lives. My heart stays heavy.
“Hey, sister.”
I turn, then walk to one of our leaders: Master Guan. She stands to the side of a building in the shade before a metal box. The box towers seven feet high and three feet wide, mounted to the back of the building. Instantly I know it is a madelon, a prison cell. The front is black and smooth as glass. To look on it is to look into a void. It gave me a headache the last time I looked into one so I make sure to divert my eyes as I walk up to her.
“Karesss dor!”
The box hums.
I look above to see a spirit hovering. It is Kief, her assistant. It has been said that Kief is a long lost family member of hers who lived as a member of our order. Kief is the only spirit allowed to live with us. The monks bound him to Master Guan with the ability to transform to human at will, thereby eliminating the need for him to eviscerate the living for the privilege. This knowledge is one of their well-guarded secrets and though I have no one in mind to perform the spell on, it would be nice to know how it is done. Luckily, the monks share the knowledge with the leader of my family who shares a duo status with them. One day I hope to earn enough trust to become leader and learn it.
“Master.” I look above and nod, “Kief.”
“How are you, sister?” asks Master Guan.
Kief changes from a blue blob to a blue face. He smiles and nods before resuming his cloud appearance.
“I’m well, Master Guan. Is this the new design for the cave?”
“Yes, Thank the Heavens,” she smiles, displaying the gap between her front teeth. She looks every bit the image of a sixty-year-old woman hunched over with cane. To see her body curved into the shape of a question mark gives you the impression she is weak and needs aid, don’t be fooled by appearances. Once, in my first fighting class after joining our order, I chose to fight her instead of one of the younger stronger men. She promptly knocked me on my narrow behind three times in a row while the others laughed. Master Guan is every bit the master.
“Master?” confusion spread throughout me and must have shown on my face.
“We are unable to get the power supply to function properly in that environment so Kief is helping me to find the fault.” She arches her head to Kief. “Ready?” Kief forms a full translucent body, then nods. I often wonder what he looks like when he assumes human form. For as long as I have been here, I nor anyone I know has seen him in that form. “Estrallous morf!”
The box activates. I feel the current dancing across my body. A beam shoots from the box to grip Kief in his center. Kief’s face contorts as he struggles to rise higher and break the beam. He moves up inches. I fear the worst. Suddenly the box hums louder, kicking into gear. Kief’s momentum stops and he falls down several feet toward the box. With an intensive burst of energy, Kief soars higher, breaking the beam and dashing high in the sky while the beam seems to behave like someone searching in the dark for something they know is close to them yet out of reach.
“Estrallous torf!” the beam ceases with the hum of the box. I am relieved to have the feeling of ants crawling over me cease but know it is a setback that means doom.
“I’m sorry, Master.”
“I have time, sister.” She remains optimistic, smiling as if it is nothing. “Kief, come to me.”
She will need to review Kief’s information. I see my chance to untangle myself and take it. “I’ll let you get back to work. If I can be of assistance later, please allow me to help, Master.”
“Hmm? Oh, yes, dear.” She waves, forgetting why she called me.
While she converses with Kief, I dash away. Many of my family take the time to learn how madelons work, I can care less. I want us safe and do my part to achieve that mission. Speaking of which, I hurry along the winding dirt path at our front gate to make my way to Cassie.
I move with a heavy heart, not knowing how to dispatch her but know that I do it for the good of all. I walk along my path when a sensation overtakes me, forcing me to stop in my tracks in the center of the road. By instinct, I look for a Bessie in case I need its protection. I kick myself for thinking it, I am no longer a child needing to flee, I am a Bladsworth warrior, a high summoner, equipped to do battle at any time. I look about, first to the shrubs at roadside, then to the distant trees leaning toward sunlight, swaying ever so lightly in the day breeze.
“I’m not afraid. Come forth and make yourself known to a warrior of the Bladsworth clan.”
A shiver runs down my spine as a head slides up from the ground to mid torso to take position next to the road near my side. It assumes the full shape of a young girl in silhouette: Rani. Her hair flows on the soft breeze.
“What do you want?”
“Where are you going?” she asks. Judging by her reaction the question is rhetorical. She knows exactly where I am going and why.
“Why are you shadowing me?”
“I only want to talk. You are becoming famous. Tell me, where are you going?”
I give a tight smile. “You already know the answer to that question.”
Rani vanishes beneath the soil for an instant. She reappears in the middle of the road, blocking my path, grinning not more than ten feet in front of me.
“Rani.”
“You can’t pass. Cassie is my friend and I won’t allow it. She told me you were coming at this time. You will not pass me.”
“Move, Rani.”
“No. you will not pass me, False Light. I will send you to your true light if you try.” She says it with the defiance of her age, not her years. She stands there waist high, glaring, in a darker shade as if she intimidates me, all confrontational, egging me on. Daring me to attempt to cross and face her wrath. I steel myself for the effort, calling to mind all that I know of spirits and how to defeat them.
I move forward with determination. I reel from a slight headache but advance none of the less. Rani is ten feet away and will not move. I center, calling on that feeling deep within me to aid me in my cause. When I feel that tug at my middle, I walk briskly forward with my hands at my side, brimming with confidence. I reach into my pouch, touch my miniature Hitton, then fumble fingers over marbles. Stopping quickly, I throw a marble at her waist. Dust flies high in the air. I run to leap over her and continue. Rani raises a thin hand to grasp my ankle and yank me downward. I fall hard. Another ice-cold hand grasps me and rips a blood-curdling scream from my throat. Wave after wave of pain hits me as the hands climb my body toward my waist, lapping up my energy as they go. I know what is happening and should have prepared, but in my arrogance I rely on what I did in the past and forget the present.
A whooshing comes from the air.
Rani screams a scream to rival mine.
Presence of mind comes back to me. I chant to ground her and make her more graspable. Reaching out, I grab her cold hands and concentrate, staring into the pits of her dark eyes. She shifts, fading in and out trying to free herself from me. Like a slippery eel, she twists and twice I lose my grip.
A second whooshing comes.
Rani throws her head back in pain and I grip harder. I have her now. I close my eyes, gripping her and calling on those below my feet for aid. I chant feverishly as she squirms in my grasp. My hands heat but I will not be moved. Tighter I grip to keep the snake from slithering away.
I enter a state of total peace.
And then . . . I see all of her standing before me. I no longer grip her but she doesn’t move. Around us stands brick walls as if we are down a well. Without knowing why, I lunge and pull her downward past the floor into the beyond. Farther and farther we sink. The air heats around us. My feet burn. Weakness moves throughout my limbs but I can’t stop, I hold on and force us deeper into a realm that I know awaits us. I touch the ground ready to do battle. Seconds later, we fall again through a crushing void of silence.
Finally, we stop and fall to the floor. A spark shoots between us breaking us apart, throwing us from each other. I push to my feet, my hand at my waist ready to wield my tools at a moment’s notice.
“False Light.”
I turn feeling a lump unfurl in the pit of my stomach.
“Die, False Light.” 
The first voice I did not know but the second is Rani yelling. I don’t regard her. Something more dangerous requires my attention.
“Who are you?”
I stand in a chamber with inner and outer walls. The outer wall of layered brick rises skyward into oblivion. The low inner wall I stare at towers eight feet and glows red as if on fire. It burns away layer after layer as I put a hand to my face to shield from the heat and light of it all. Then, I see it, a face.
“Skylla.”
I say it so softly and with such shock that I can’t believe it, can’t wrap my head around it. It is her and it is real, my thundering heart tells me so. Rani's maniacal laughing tells me so. As long as Rani has lived she truly has not aged a day in maturity. She will forever be a vicious teenager.
“Release her, False Light.”
“What?”
I stand several feet from the laughing demon. Clearly I didn’t have a hold of her. I am too far away and she’s laughing at me as if she doesn’t have a care in the world.
“Release her or I will kill him now.”
My heart flutters, knocked off track and in danger of stalling out. “HIM” who can . . . no, it can’t be, not Roland. I look at Rani then back at Skylla. Without a second thought I close my eyes and chant with fervor and resolve I didn’t know I had.
“Good,” says Skylla.
Rani disappears then reappears next to the large face of Skylla burning in the wall. She holds a mocking glare but keeps silent. No doubt waiting for her demon protector to intercede on her behalf.
“You will suffer, False Light. Suffer an agonizing death. Suffer—”
Suddenly Rani screams, doubling over in pain. I smile.
“YOU!”
“STOP!”
It is my turn to threaten. I wasn’t sure I could do it, wasn’t sure if she was still there but somehow I knew it to be true. Rani is petty and vengeful. I released her as ordered, but I knew she hadn’t left my side. Petty people want to watch in person and I knew she would be there with me on the surface, leering near me, watching me die. I reached out blindly and grabbed. Thank the Heavens I grabbed her.
“Release her,” commands Skylla.
“Return me, now. Then I will release her.”
Fire flies up between us. It singes me but I can’t give up. I squeeze harder to wrench pure screams from Rani. I concentrate on the feeling I had the other times I held spirits in my grasp. I set my mind to shatter her into a million pieces while flames rise around me. The unbearable heat licks me on all sides, draining me. Roasting me. I swoon. I do the only thing I can do and squeeze one last time with all my might.
I hear a pop.
Exhilarated by the blissful sound of victory, I stand tall and proud. I hone in on the wall and without a second thought fling myself forward with an awkward lunge. As I near the wall I take flight and feel as light as a feather. Skylla vanishes as I reach the wall. I fall into it with a loud thud that signals an array of broken bones. A scream rips itself from me in an effort to live in the vast space of the area. Raising my arms, I fan and search for her.
“False Light!”
Whirling, Skylla glares on the opposite wall in waist-high fashion. I run full-force to reach her and crush her like the bug she is. Skylla swats at me in dismissive fashion with an arm that feels like a tree trunk. The air leaves my lungs as my body seems to fold around the massive limb for dear life. I fly through the air to splat against a wall. The wind swirls, darkness falls, my eyes flutter, and I fall to the floor to fade in the darkness that surrounds me.


Chapter 18: Secret Club


My eyelids roll upward to take in blinding light. I shut them tightly to avoid the pain.
“I saw that,” says Lexie.
I open my eyes, getting my bearings. I am back at the hospital with friends staring down at me. This is becoming ridiculous. My teachers must think I am the worst warrior they have ever turned out. I look around for leadership, grateful none are present.
“Hey,” I muster up enough energy for the one word.
Lexie brings a glass to my lips.
“I’m getting tired of saving your narrow behind,” says Lexie as I gulp. “Yeah, it was me. I found you and our fearless leader here, snoozing on the countryside. What do you think, do you call that sleeping together?”
“Lex,” thunders Roland.
She rolls her eyes and moves back, taking her glass with her.
“That weakness,” says Roland to me, “they tried rolling you. You want to tell us who it was?”
Rolled? I lay there weak, humiliated, with no hiding place in sight. Should I tell the truth? Should I let my best friends take up my mission knowing it will damn their souls?
“I don’t know.” I shrug, trying to look as pathetic as I am. That doesn’t take much effort seeing is how I am beyond weak and probably can’t stand for the life in me. I turn soulful eyes to Roland hoping he buys it. “Where you there?”
Roland’s eyes dart to his feet in record time. I see slackness in his features. Is he weak as I? I see him swallow hard and get my answer before he utters a single word.
“The truth, Roland.”
“It’s a long story and not that interesting.”
“Alright.” I know better than to continue along those lines. Under the best of circumstances I will not get far with him. Now that he is elevated, respect is the order of the day. Still, I can try something different.
“Are you continuing your Laflo lessons?”
Again with the lowered head and shrug. This is one of his worst qualities but at the same time one of his best tells. Master Seti is a fresh scar and though I’m smart enough not to use his name, mentioning his bolt lessons brings on the same effect only to a lesser degree.
“You have to keep practicing, Roland, you know that.”
“I know, Nista. I will. How are you feeling?”
“I’ll survive. I’ve never been wiped out like this before. My head is pounding but I’m good. Real good.”
Roland reaches a tentative hand to me and strokes mine. I so desperately want to grab his hand and hang on for dear life. Lexie watches as if she knows. She won’t learn the truth from me, that I could be sure of. I smile best I can and watch him hesitate for a moment before leaving.
After that, Lexie approaches with wide eyes. “How did it feel, the roll?”
“Draining.”
“And?”
“Huge headache.”
“Nis!”
I huff. “What do you want me to say, Lex? I’m weak and I have a headache. If I stand I will more than likely crack my head on the floor.”
“The underworld, stupid. That’s what I want to know about. You were practically dead. How was it? Could you see the Auburn Fields, or the Plantation, or the core, or the—”
“Lex.”
“What?”
“I saw blackness, Lex. Shades of black.”
Lexie stares dumbfounded as if her world has shattered. Her mouth gapes, unable to close while her gray eyes widened to plates. From her twitching brow I know thoughts roll around her head. I brace for a fury of questions.
“What about the people, you didn’t see any of them?”
“No.”
“And the spirit that pulled you in?”
“I don’t know what happened, Lex. I was walking and then I must have fainted. Next, I’m here, waking up surrounded by you guys.”
“That’s all?”
“Sorry, but yes, that’s all.”
I watch her contorted face struggle with the reality I saw nothing noteworthy. In Master Sole’s Transcendental class we learned that when spirits pull us into their realm or underworld as we like to call it, spirits can’t kill you as they do in the openness of Ebara. Instead they drain you of your powers, making themselves stronger for their next encounter. An old master wrote of his trip into the underworld. He described the land he saw as comparable to ours with trees and rivers and people as for as the eye could see. At the center of the western section stood vast lushes land called the Auburn Fields. Souls that came there farmed the land and built log houses from ever-sprouting trees. It was an oasis with a large lake at one end for swimming and fishing. In the center of it sat a house called the Plantation which held those elevated to godhood and worshipped by the rest.
Living in one of the log houses is heaven, but to live in the Plantation is the ultimate. Every student dreams of advancing his or her dead powers to the point of acknowledgment by the Plantation. I am no different and cannot count the number of times I sat on my bench trying to reach the dead beneath my feet. I determine to be the first of my group to reach master status while in training, proof that I above all others belong with the elite.
I only give a tight smile as I watch my best friend leave under the unbearable weight of the lies I spun. I keep my smile in place a full minute after she leaves. My mother always told me not to make faces, threatening my face may freeze that way forevermore. Today I believe her. It takes effort to wash the lie from my face. Luckily, I do.
I can’t tell her the truth. I can’t tell Roland either. I know the best thing to do is to tell but I can’t have them taking up my mission. I just can’t. I have to kill a little girl before she becomes too powerful. I have to live with that. I will not let my friends lose countless nights of sleep taking up my mission. I can never do that.

It felt as if the ground shook, in fact it did. It shook hard enough to rouse me from a sleep I hadn’t realized I’d fallen into. Groggy and clueless about my surroundings, I shake the cobwebs loose to focus. There, on the wall opposite me, I see a shimmering.
“Hello,” I say in a small voice.
“They know who you are.”
I bolt up to press my back against the wall with my covers high to my neck. This is not going to be good, I know it, instantly.
“Hello,” I try again.
The wall shimmers.
“Miriam? Is that you?”
“Yes.”
Relief floods me. I should think more about how a spirit invades the hospital grounds with the measures we take, instead, I center on relief. We have good days and bad days in this world. Thank the Heavens today is a good day.
“Why are you here?”
“The Storm of the West saw you with the Storm of the South. I saw too, the others, and me but I didn’t go close to them. How did you make the shelter?”
“What?”
“The shelter and the sun. How did you make them?”
I sit taller, staring with confusion at the shimmering blue light on the opposite wall. Her words make no sense to me. Shelter, sun. I wonder if she sees the confusion on my face.
“The Western Storm is huge and was moving north, forming tornadoes and lightning when it stopped. It saw you and is coming this way. The other—”
“Wait, Miriam. Slow down. This—”
Miriam vanishes. A second later the door opens. In saunters Master Kie. I can never resist the urge to smile at seeing his short round frame and bald head. At times his gestures mimic a bird of prey searching for food. I smile. “Master Kie.”
“Sister, you are awake. I meant to sneak in and leave you a gift. My timing is atrocious.”
“Your timing is perfect, Master.” He hands me a cup with a manicured tree that stands four inches high. “Thank you. I promise to honor it.”
“If not, I shall recover it promptly and banish you from our mists.” His smile hides worry lines. He shuts the door and locks it. He sits on the end of my mattress wearing his eagle face. “Honor me now, sister.”
I gulp. He caught me, he always caught me.
“It’s my mission, Master.” I speak softly, honorably. I hold my head low, rolling my eyes up ever so softly to view the rage in his face. Of all the souls in the world, I never lie to my master.
“That is true.” Forever with the face that melts my defenses. I wonder if Roland will learn it now that he is a master. I fumble with the hem of my sheet taking deep slow breaths. Hiding is not an option, neither is lying. I swallow hard to speak softly and clearly.
“The girl, Cassie Belsgammon, is a seer.”
Recognition comes over him, making it easier for us. “How old?”
“Six or seven.”
“How powerful?”
“Very. She communes with three halflings.” I watch his jaw go slack. I am correct in my interpretation. “Master, tell me about Skylla.”
“Who?”
“Skylla, mother of the Deceiver.”
“Oh.”
“Not the standard tale, Master. I know it. I need the unvarnished version.”
Now he takes his turn breathing deeply and exhaling. With his head down he paces the small space. Turning to me, he stops. “Legend says that Skylla/Skyllar is as beautiful as she is powerful. She possessed the ability to crossover between worlds with unheard of accuracy. Many masters vied for her heart and with her abilities she could literally be in two places at one time, perhaps more. But her heart was dark. War broke out and fractured the whole of Ebara. In time they came to realize she was at the core.” He stops and gives a small laugh. “They banded together to defeat her. It was a long battle and cost the lives of seven lord masters. Finally, they trapped her and wrapped her around the core of the planet to bind her there for all eternity. They also crushed her power to transcend.
“It is said that over the centuries she has slowly regained some of her lost power, enough to become a Halfling and peer into the world. You know this to be true?”
“I saw her with Cassie. They are friends, good friends.”
“Then you have taken the order?”
“Yes.”
“Your friends?”
“I can’t tell them. Please, Master, don’t tell them.”
“You will need help, Nista. To crossover takes skill or one can easily be lost in that plane.”
“You can help me, Master. My friends must be pure and carry on in the faith.”
Master Kie stares at his feet. He looks back at me after a minute. “You are the first in two decades to develop the power to crossover. That is why I restrict you to books so you can learn the ways and survive the unknown. It is very dangerous for the untrained, but you are our promise, sister—the promise told to us by the Snow God’s Scrolls. Still, you will need someone from the underworld. I know of a soul near the Styxx. I can have him at your call by morning.”
“Wait,” I say. It hits me and I glance at the wall. “Miriam. She is the girl in the wall that comes to me. I can have her help me.”
“Call her.”
I rise with his assistance. He wraps a strong arm around me as I hold my hands high. “Miriam, come forth!”
The wall shimmers. A blue light appears. “Yes,” says a small child’s voice, “I’m still here.”
“Mesodo cree!” shouts Master Kie. He chants furiously. Suddenly Miriam cries in anguish as if tortured. Kie continues his chant while the blue spot grows and shrinks with his words. Finally, he stops. The image of a little girl appears in the wall. She is four feet tall with long black hair and staggering gray eyes. Her lips are heart shaped and she has the cutest dimples you will ever see in a child her age. Beautiful.
“Never trust a spirit you cannot see in true form. Often it is a trap to lure you to your death.” I hang my head at his words. I know that, but unlike me, he is a master and would not speak to a spirit he couldn’t see in true form. He pulls my chin up with the gentlest of touches and forces me to look him in the eye. He smiles forgivingly. “You have master instincts, Nista. Keep using them to your advantage. You will do great things for our family. That has already been written by Efal and she is always correct. Understand?”
I nod, unable to speak after his kind words. If not for his strong arm I will swoon and fall. How long will this weakness plague me?
“Miriam,” he says, turning to her. “This is Nista. You will advise her and receive your reward. What is your desire?”
“My family. They are missing and I can’t find them.”
“Aid our cause to find your reward. Now stand still.” He releases me to hold his hands high and chant. Energy sweeps up from the floor to prickle my skin. I nearly fall but remain upright. At that moment, I witness that same energy flow through my master’s body and out the tips of his fingers to shoot through both myself and Miriam. “I bind you in all forms to one another through the power of Allastar the Wise. Go forth together and let no other witness your joining from this moment forward. Allastar! Bind them through your humble servant. Kafafa!”
The electricity dies in the room. Master Kie falls to his knees and then to the floor. I kneel down to cradle his head. “Master?”
He looks at the wall with strained eyes and then back to me. “Can you see her?”
“Yes.”
“Good,” he says, “it is done.” His eyes glaze over. He fights to open them. “Skylla can never be defeated, merely trapped. We will discuss it . . .” He closes his eyes and sleeps. I look back at Miriam standing there and then to my master. Only one thought is in my head. Can you see her? Why did he ask that question? How odd. Being near my mattress, I pull him onto it and cover him. I know he sleeps, that much is clear. I ease my ear to his lips to check his breathing and feel for a pulse. I don’t have to, I need to for some insane reason I can’t put into words. He is fine, only sleeping.
I stand. “Miriam?”
Instantly, she walks from the wall to stand before me. She wears a gigantic smile and must have been bewildered by my shocked expression. Every nerve fires in me. How is it possible? It takes everything in me to stay upright and not go comatose. Miriam stands next to me on top of a Bessie. By all the laws of our world, that is impossible.
I reach a shaky hand out to touch the top of her head. She is real, flesh and blood.
“I’m a nymph,” says Miriam. “He gave me his power so I can help you. No one can see me but you. To the others I am a ghost, if that.”
Gazing down at Master Kie, I feel pride like never before. To be master means to know spells and incantations others will never learn. To reach that level of power requires total iron will and total dedication. I know my master is powerful but didn’t know how powerful until this moment. He hides it well. Another lesson I learn at his humble feet.


Chapter 19: The Trap


I walk out of the hospital with new energy. Never before have I felt so alive. Hiding the goofiness on my face proves challenging. Miriam walks beside me as I enter the library.
“Master Sole?”
“Sister, I’m pleased to see you awake,” says Sole, swishing his eyebrows together, looking me up and down.
“Thank you, I feel great.” I watch him to see if he notices Miriam at my side. He doesn’t. I look at her and turn my head to hide my smirk. We have a secret club no one knows anything about.
“Are you ready for a lesson?”
“No, Master. I have come to tell of Master Kie’s condition. I am well because he gave me energy. He is in the infirmary recovering. I didn’t know his plan when he entered, Master, that is the truth.”
Sole stares into my soul. “Kie is most unusual at times. I will check on him. Have you a mission?”
I waffle. “I am under orders, Master.”
Sole stares at his feet for an eternity. His forehead crinkles as I gaze on the tattoo on the side of his bald head. He looks up at me and the weight of his stare drowns me. He nods once more. “My brother believes you are foretold. There are many that think otherwise, nevertheless, if my brother has faith in you, so do I. Take care and ask for assistance when warranted.” He hands me a small piece of the blue bread he eats. “May the Heavens bless and keep you, sister.”
“Thank you, Master.”
I hurry away from him to plan my mission, munching on the delicious bread they reserve for themselves. I give brief thought to telling my friends but the weight of it is too much for them. Taking comfort in that knowledge, again I set out to complete my task. This time will be different. This time I have Miriam as back up.
While we walk the narrow path between Swalla and Cassie’s village, I think of ways to become stronger in my faith. I think of Master Kie and try remembering his chant, I will need to learn chants like that to become a strong master. For the life in me I can’t remember the words. Had he spoken a spell to make me forget? Why can’t I remember the words? Why don’t I pay attention?
These thoughts consume me until we reach the fork in the road. If I choose the right I head away from danger, I choose the left. With a heavy heart I look ahead with focus and determination. I faced Rani last time, would I meet her again, or one of the others? It truly doesn’t matter, no matter the roadblock, victory will be mine. That is the only option open to me. With a pounding heart I move forward in silence, reviewing all that I learned through the years and all that I experienced. Master Kie told me I possessed the knowledge of victory. Now it is time to put it to the test and find that knowledge. On I march.
I hurry past the place where I fell earlier in my lost effort. The spot seems dismal and small. Weakness will creep in if I view it for too long of a period. I shift my gaze to the trees in the foothills and quickened my pace. Miriam stays at my side, a mirror image of my thoughts. I appreciate her silence. She is not the little girl she proposes to be and I wonder if something of Kie lurks within her small frame. He always knows my moods and acts accordingly. A smile graces my face.
“I thought you would never notice.”
“What?”
“You see me, don’t you, sister?”
I stop to stare at her. Scanning her small face reveals little. I take a chance. “Master Kie?”
Miriam smiles. She nods. “He’s here.”
For an instant I grow hot with rage. He doesn’t trust me and is here to spy on me. I cool before the foul words escape my lips. “My Heavens. It can’t be.”
“It’s mostly me with a touch of him. He has a message for you.”
“What?”
“Sister,” her voice grows deeper but stays feminine, “tell me how far you fell.”
It doesn’t take much to catch his meaning. Breathing deeply, I begin. “Darkness envelops me when I lunge for Rani.  I fall, unable to stop or slow my descent. Then I see a light. Two spirits surround me: Rani and Skylla.”
Miriam stops, grasping my arm, turning me to face her. She scans my face while doubt crosses hers. “Skyllar?”
I nod. She knows my meaning. She nods in agreement then releases my arm. “You saw the well?”
“Yes.”
She motions me forward so we continue walking. “The Well of Life is vast and connects to the core of the planet. It is a well of power harnessed by evil.”
“Only evil, Master?”
“I know of no good that flows from such a state.” She stops to pose a question. “Did you touch the well?”
“I never moved from the inner walls, if I admit the truth, I was too afraid.” I hang my head, watching my feet.
“Have no doubts, child. The well is vast and can be a comfort. You have heard the phrase ‘power corrupts’ have you not?”
“Yes, Master.”
He sighs, then moves us forward. “Long ago, Master Kahn ruled one of the western provinces. He studied with fervor wanting to know all the secrets the world held for his noble cause — the unification of all the western provinces. If he achieved this goal he could forge peace for centuries and turn their attentions toward heavenly pursuits. Noble causes wouldn’t you say?”
“Yes, Master. Very noble. Did he succeed?
“Yes. Two years later they uncovered a cavern. A deep well hid in the base of the structure consumed with writings from times gone by. Only Kahn could decipher their meaning. ‘Rest ye feet upon my mantle and receive my strength.’ The words were evil and feared by all so he never spoke them aloud. It is another of the Holy Laws seared into the Snow God’s Scrolls: Holy Order number seven states that ‘he who finds the darkened gate is the beast and shall be glorified by true light.’”
I give a whimsical look.
Master Kie smiles or rather Miriam’s face breaks into a smile.
“Those of our order are the true light. Glorified means to be made righteous or in other words to be put to death so you may travel home in glory, and the darkened gate is the gateway to Mardour.”
“And the beast?”
“The beast is anyone who touches and wields the power. It is said the well is the entryway to the Great House of Mardour and beyond it lies the Throne of Hell. Skylla’s feet grasp the throne and she stretches from there to the surface. I imagine her friends branch from her for she is not one to share such power. I fear that to completely defeat such power it may be necessary to touch the throne. Well anyway, back to the story. Master Kahn was a pure soul. He believed he could safely wield the power to keep the lands united and prosperous. At first it worked. Then, he began to shift from this plane to the other. Each time he reappeared he looked more distant and evil. The people rebelled and he lashed out. By harnessing the power of the well, he lashed out with vengeance and decimated the land. He killed people and animals alike. When he saw what he had done, what he had become, he crossed his arms and grasped his eternal soul. He closed the well, collapsed the cavern, and as a last act, pulled himself apart.”
“Self-evisceration? That’s possible?”
“If you use the well’s power, all is within your reach. He planted his feet on the throne and reached to the heavens. At his shattering, the land grew dark and ominous. The last grace he thought was of snow. In the middle of a heat wave, it snowed forty days before stopping. The cycle continues to this day.”
“The Snow God! That’s Master Kahn?”
“It is.”
“My Heavens, can you imagine?”
“Nista,” he stops again. Using my name along with his expression tells the tale. I brace. “Beyond the well lies Skylla’s power. Do not try to defeat her. She draws from Ebara itself.”
“Then I must match her to win.”
“No!”
“I have to.”
“No, Nista, listen to me. Your heart is pure but if you plant your feet you will not survive. That is the trap you must avoid. Miriam can be your judge. Never take root on the core, Nista. Never!”
A wind sweeps across her small face. Instantly she becomes placid, serene in outlook. Her eyes blink then she smiles. “I can help. I can.”
I listen to the enthusiastic voice of a little girl once more. She smiles so broadly and full of confidence that I match her mood and expression without reservation. “I know, Miriam. Let’s begin.”


Chapter 20: Oliver


Miriam walks at my side in silence. I give her several looks trying to determine if it is her or Kie at my side. Either will do and gives me the extra boost to know that I am not alone. I have help on my quest.
The air grows cold to the point of fogging my shallow breaths. I stop to look about, the hairs at the back of my neck rise with alertness as if looking around themselves. Falling back on what I know, I seek out the obvious sanctuary of my day—a Bessie. Scanning vigorously, I found one that blended into its surroundings of trees and bright green grass. Casually as I could, I walk in that direction while honing my senses. It shouldn’t be cold, not at all. A spirit is near and in all likelihood it sees me from its side of the astral plane.
Keeping my mind blank and face placid, I walk as if oblivious, without a care in the world. Heaven knows the opposite is true, but only for a moment. As I walk I gain confidence with each step. Miriam walks with the same confidence at my side. Then the thought hits me, my family can’t see Miriam, what if demons can’t either? I slow then saddle next to her.
“Miriam?” I say near whisper level while looking as if nothing is the matter.
“Yes?” she keeps pace as if she knows.
“Something is here with us, correct?”
“Yes, I feel him.”
“Find him for me. I need to know where he is.”
Miriam vanishes.
I keep moving toward the Bessie as casually as I can. Looking at my robe, the writing on it and my inner black clothing began to glow slightly. More confirmation. A sinking feeling hits me, I am going to be caught before I can enact my plan. With concentrated effort, I focus on my clothing and find myself wearing a dull green dress. I should have asked how, I quicken my pace instead.
As I walk, the coldness remains the same. The spirit toys with me by keeping its distance. I’m sure it is laughing up a storm, but soon, very soon, I will be the one laughing.  My smile broadens. I whistle a tune and skip to cover my smile. A trace smell of sour vanilla graces the air to confirm the near manifestation. Cold fingers touch my neck, but with a quick jump, I land on the Bessie and the sensation ends.
A spirit appears. At first it is a dark blue cloud. It takes the shape of a man of perhaps forty years. It fades to distort its features then takes a solid form. This is no ordinary demon. This one controls itself nicely. No doubt it drained many lives in its day. A menace to be sure. No matter, its reign of terror ends here. I am confident the monster has met its match. I know it, too bad it doesn’t.

The creature taunts as if it can hurt or frighten me. I think it is funny but don’t let on. In fact, I give the impression of terror. I look for Miriam but she has not returned. All the better. I don’t need Kie interfering, I have a plan I want to try—something dastardly from one of my advanced classes.
After its taunting, it smiles broadly as if teasing and apologizing, beckoning me off the Bessie so it can have me. I think of my youth and a column box I had as a child. It is more or less a square box with plates at the top and bottom and thin columns around the sides. I keep my pet Nifo in it. I love how it hissed and sticks its forked tongue through the columns while gripping the bars wanting to get out. It makes me laugh so hard. I dance around the box out of its reach while simultaneously making the box change size, giving the creature the illusion it has a chance to escape. It doesn’t, but it is funny watching it follow me, racing to a different wall trying to get out and to me. I have never been able to do that again. Mother caught me one day and punished my hind end something fierce. She shouted over and over again how it was wrong to trap and tease the helpless. She said I was no better than a demon and shamed her. I never did it again and locked away the memory until now.
For some reason, this creature reminds me of my pet. I suppose it is the shape of its head. Whether that or something else, the planted seed takes root and I want to nurture that seed to full maturity to see what blossoms.
“Come here, girl. Come and play,” it says.
“I don’t play with strangers.”
“I’m Oliver. See, we are no longer strangers.”
“Are you trying to trick me?” I give an innocent look to draw him in.
His eyes widened as if stricken by horror. A red spot appears on his cheek as if slapped by my words. He blusters. “You wound me. I just thought you might want to play. I see I was wrong. I apologize and will leave you now.”
Oliver lowers his head and turns, dejected. I think he may cry. He walks from the front edge of the Bessie toward the other. My heart sinks and for an instant I think I am wrong. Then I notice he never walks away. His path takes him directly to the other corner of the Bessie but not away from it. It is a trick. He is good.
I am better.
When he nears the corner, I act. I fill my head with my toy and leap off the Bessie. I grab him and we tumble away from safety toward trees. That familiar lightheadedness strikes me and I weaken. Darkness surrounds me. I don’t need to see his face to know that he is becoming more and more a physical manifestation. His grip tightens to suck more and more life out of me. As he does so, I grab even tighter and concentrate on my box. On the verge of passing out, electricity passes between us and flings us apart. I fly in the air backward and collide with something hard, tumbling to the ground while grimacing in pain.
Lights come up.
I stand in awe, walking toward the center. All around me stands tall metal bars. Every direction I turn shows the same bars. Each wall is made of bars. The floor and ceiling are solid but the walls are nothing but bars. I don’t know if it is shock or fright. I know I laugh. I can’t believe it. I am in the center of a toy and double over with laughter. Then I fall.
All laughing stops with my fall. I look up to see Oliver zoom toward the bars. He wants to escape. I wave my hand toward the bars and the gap between them decreases. Oliver is solid. No way can he squeeze between the bars. He tries shoving himself through to no avail. His face contorts, he screams an awful sound then flings himself at the gap again. Why doesn’t he transform and float through? Why doesn’t he go through the floor or the ceiling?
I stand and dust myself off while watching his tirade. He stops. He stretches his arms high and chants. He will escape. I know the incantation he uses.
Something flutters inside me. I feel heat in the pit of my stomach as if on fire. I can’t let him escape. The ground beneath my feet feels hot. A surge sweeps up from it through me to collide with my fire. My right hand rises and in a maneuver I know not where it comes from, I shoot a beam from my fingertips from one corner to the other of the wall Oliver chants at. The bars blend to become the same solid wall as the floor and ceiling. Oliver stops chanting. He turns to me.
“You bitch!”
I smile the deepest, darkest smile in my arsenal. Heat sweeps up through me to radiate my face. I stretch my arm higher and turn in a full circle, shooting the same beam through my fingertips toward all the bars. They turn into the same walls as the others. I face Oliver and watch the horror unfurl on his face. He sees the trap he is in and knows there is no chance of escape. No longer are there bars. I have him in a tight box with no doors or windows yet dim light surrounds us.
“What’s the matter, feeling trapped?”
“YOU . . .”
Heat radiates from my core.
Oliver covers his face, turning back to the wall he tried to escape into. I want him to face me. I force down some of the heat. 
“False Light. Aww!” Oliver whirls. He holds his hands high and run at me. I charge ahead and we impact so hard, we fly as one. Not forward as he hoped, backward. This is my world, I am in charge and this is my Hell. He screams as he hits the floor and slides against the wall. I lie on top of him, gripping him with every bit of strength I possess.
“False Light, you will die for this.”
“We’ll see who dies.” I briefly let go then plunge my hands deep within him. I draw upon the ground beneath me and feel the surge. My hands glow. He screams in agony. He twists and contorts but can’t get free. His body glows, then his face. The glow radiates outward away from him as I shove harder and harder with a scowl beneath my nose. And then . . . he pops like a hot air balloon.
I climb to my feet. I am weak but happy at my victory. It worked. I don’t know how or why, but it worked. I laugh again. It is insanity. I just cannot believe it worked. I laugh crazily and dance like a mad woman, twirling in the center of my Mardour.
The laughter dies as I face the solid wall before me. “Oh Heavens!”
Lifting my hand toward the wall, I wave. Half the wall before me turns back to bars. I run to the bars. My heart races. I throw myself in the gap trying to squeeze between them as Oliver tried. I meet with the same result, the space is too tight.
“Oh Heavens. Oh Heavens.” I pace, my heart thundering. “Stop it. Okay, this is simple. Raise your hand, Nista, this is your trap, not his. Make it vanish.” I take in a long breath with my eyes closed. I center. I feel at peace. I raise my hand like before. My fingertips itch but nothing like the electricity of before flows. It has to be the ground. I move over, feeling the ground, searching, trying to make contact with that which lies beneath the soil. Trying to draw upon that power. I can’t find it. Where has it gone?
“Oh Heavens. No.”
I fall to my knees in defeat. I won but the price of victory is trapping myself.
“You must search out the source, Nista. Only then will you achieve your victory.”
“Master!”
I spring to my feet, turning about. That is Master Kie. I search all around, even the ceiling. Where is he?
“Master? Master Kie? Where are you? I’m here, I’m trapped. Help me, Master.”
I plead like a mad woman but receive no reply. Come to think about it, the voice is in my head, it has to be. For all I know, I am inside a Hitton. Imagine that. Imagine if that were true. I shrink myself and Oliver and place us inside a Hitton. We can be on someone’s belt buckle. Perhaps in their warrior’s bag or their closet. Maybe the only way of escaping is to wait until the person opens their Hitton. That will be something won’t it? We only open them to trap spirits so if it opens, that means a nasty spirit is being sucked inside. And if that is true, I will have to escape before it shuts or I will be trapped inside with that nasty demon. That, I don’t want. Again I center, shutting out everything as Master Kie taught me. I have the talent to move to a higher plane and fight demons in their world, like where I am now. I can’t astroplane like some of my sisters and brothers but I can reach out my mind and feel things. That might tell me the truth of where I am. So I stretch to get my answers.
Coldness creeps up the back of my neck, caressing me like an old lover. I know to give in.
“Nista?”
Master Kie. I open my eyes. Kie stands before me on the other side of the bars. He is not pleased. “I’m sorry.” I feel like a child. He taught me so much and so many times I failed him. Without a word, he disappears. “Master.” I run to the bars, gripping them with all my might. “Master.” He is gone.
Again I fall to my knees. “Mercy, please!” I sob. For how long, I can’t say. Eventually, I rise to pace. Maybe he left me to figure this out on my own. Yes, that makes sense. I created this so I should be able to get out of it. Master Kie wants me to prove my worth. This is a test. That is how I will perceive it. I pace with purpose, going over every detail in total honesty. Soon, I will be free.
As I pace, a glow comes from beyond the bars. I step toward the bars then stop. I step forward again, then stop. What a crazy dance I am doing. A figure appears outside the bars wearing a dress: a girl with her back to me. Her back shines brightly so I can’t make her out but know in my heart it is Miriam or Kie. Both. Whichever.
Miriam walks backward slowly toward the bars, her back aglow. I step back and to the side. Why is she glowing? Why isn’t she facing me? I take another cautious step back. Suddenly, Miriam vanishes. A spirit flies through the bars directly at me. It isn’t Miriam. It is the opening of a Hitton. Oh Heavens, I missed my opportunity to escape and now, a demon flies at my face. This will be my end. It will drain me and I will be no more. Instantly, I react. I reach for and grab it. Before it can sap strength from me, I squeeze and hear the quick pop. It is no more. By the grace of the Heavens I won.
“Fool!”
I look up. It is Kie. “What?”
“I’ll find another, this time, don’t kill it or you will be trapped in there forever. Do you understand?”
“Yes. Sorry. I —”
Kie vanishes. I was going to tell him my theory. It was relevant. If I was trapped in a Hitton and that was its opening, the creature would have drained me. Surely he knew that?
I stand, gripping the bars like a condemned felon. This is the worst idea I ever had. If the Heavens see fit to free me, I will never do it again. I swear before all that is pure and holy, I will never do this again.
I pace for a lifetime. Eventually, the glow reappears and Miriam walks backward as before. I move to a far corner with butterflies swarming in my belly. Miriam vanishes. A demon flies through the bars. Instantly, it becomes more or less solid like the others. I see the look of shock on its face as it stares at me. It turns to see the bars behind it. It races for the bars. I run and leap to catch it before it escapes. At my touch, electricity passes between us and it shrieks as it solidifies.
“Nista, stop!”
I release my hold on it.
“Do not make it completely solid, Nista.”
I climb to my feet. The demon lies writhing on the floor. I look to the bars and to my master. “Master?”
“Draw upon the creature’s energy. Mix it with yours and make the bars vanish.”
At his urging I grab the creature. I don’t know why it lies there shrieking, I didn’t grip it that hard to begin with. Delicately, I hold it with one hand and stretch the other to the bars. The ground swell comes. My fingertips tingle with power and the bars vanish.
“False Light,” says the struggling demon.
“Yes, I am.”
“Lucian will show you the true light. I will visit your grave on that day.”
Without thinking, I grip with both hands shoving energy into him and he shrieks, then pops.
“Nista!”
I shake the goo off my hands and walk out of the cell in triumph. I take Miriam’s hand and we rise upward, before long, I am on the surface and breathing fresh air. I know I didn’t have to do what I did, but it thrilled me. And isn’t that what life is, one big thrill ride?


Chapter 21: Revelations


I hurry through the hay field and unto the road toward Cassie’s house with Miriam at my side. I pray no air demons come near. I want nothing more than to get this over with and get back to camp. As I walk the road, the tops of the hay move near me. I keep walking but surreptitiously watch them for signs of movement. I’m not crazy. I should be after going through all that I have, but I’m not. They moved, I’m sure of it. Besides, I need to go over everything that happened with Kie.
Before I can say a word, the movement occurs again.
“Come out. I see you. Come out now.”
I watch a heavenly body move toward me and feel lifted to the heavens. Roland strolls out. He always has a happy face unless it is a battle, today he is not happy. My heart sinks the closer he comes. Those girlish feelings I hold for him subside in the wake of his walk and look. Something catastrophic happened.
“Roland?”
“You have to come back to camp.”
“Have you been following me this whole time?”  rage makes its way to me. Before I can contain it, some slip out through the cracks. Roland stops to stare me down.
“Lexie is hurt.”
“Heavens.”
I take his hand and we move in the opposite direction. Cassie will have to wait or be passed on to another, my friend comes first.
I lose sight of Miriam as we hurry to get back. Never have I run so far for so long in all my life. My heart rages and every thought births itself to me, all horrible and tragic in nature. I dare not ask Roland until we arrive. When there, I stutter step at the door in danger of humiliating myself with an embarrassing fall. I may be in worse shape than Lexie if I don’t gain balance. I take a moment to be alone so I can steady and brace. After three long breaths, I open the door.
Roland waits at a far door. He holds his hand out for me. As I near him, voices come to me. Lexie cries out in pain. I rush forward to enter the room on the strength of her wails alone. Lexie lies in a bed but to say she lies is dead wrong. She twists in agony, crying out in pain as people hold her down while a master steadies her head. The clean-shaven, willowy master with three bands of wavy lines on each side of his bald head chants. I see replicas on each forearm as his strong hands hold her head in place. His voice increases in pitch. The walls shake. He chants louder. Lexie screams louder. Her lower body fades in and out shifting from solid to near invisible then to a rock state and back to human again.
I watch in horror with mouth wide open looking at the transformation and then at the others. None of them seem to care or notice. Roland takes his place with them to hold her legs and chant. I stare at her head and wonder why it never shifts with the rest of her. She writhes in pain, screaming throughout the ordeal. The wind whips up and raises high to circle the ceiling. It rushes down to encapsulate her and the others. It shrinks to enclose her and then after a final chant, everything stops. The wind disappears. All chanting ceases. All shaking ceases. Lexie falls silent. Beads of sweat dot her face. I move toward her but Roland steps in front of me.
“Roland?”
“This way,” says Roland.
He escorts me out, a contradiction if ever there was one, he came to bring me to her and now blocks my path. Thousands of thoughts burst in on me at once. I barely see our direction of travel. He moves to the door and then I see the man behind him, Master Sole. I stop and lower my head to stare at the floor.
“Leave us, brother.”
“Your grace,” says Roland, bowing then leaving.
“Sit, sister.”
I stand and dare to look up into his eyes. I know it contradicts our training but enough is enough.
“Sit.”
I feel cold fingers pressing against me and feel a whip to my face: a mind slap. I sit but keep eye contact.
“Lexie asks that I not tell you of her condition. She will rest for some time. I believe it is important for you to know the truth. I now violate her trust. You are her friend, are you not?”
“Best friend.”
I know that was wrong as well but I have reached my zenith of patience. I continue my stare. The air crackles. Sole turns to leave. I can’t let him leave.
“Stop, please. I beg forgiveness. Please, Master, I was wrong and knew it at the start. Lexie is my friend.”
After an eternity he turns back to me. “Lexie is undergoing the change of youth.”
“The change of youth?”
“Has Lexie talked of her homeland?”
I shake my head, holding my head low. I call her my best friend yet I know virtually nothing of her background or parents save for the fact that she was sold to a mining camp. I don’t even recall if she has brothers or sisters for that matter. I’m not her friend, at least not her best friend.
“Lexie was found in the deep south—the Dark Territories. I bought her and have done my best to educate her all the while knowing she might not stay with us when she comes of age. The stories of her youth are lies I implanted to make her acceptable to our community. She has reached the point where she transforms from childhood to adulthood and in doing so, is free to stay with us or return home. What you witnessed was her people calling her home. If you see her now, it will cause her pain. Wait until she wakes. She promises to tell all. Do you understand?”
My head gives the smallest of shakes. Try as I might, I can’t force words through my lips.
“Stay within our walls and await her awakening. Promise this, sister.”
“I can’t, Master. I have a mission to complete.”
“Your mission will fall to another. If you are not here when she wakes, you will regret it for the rest of your life. Only she can tell you the truth. Promise me you will not leave this compound until she wakes.”
“I promise.”
I say it so low and with such strained emotion that I’m not sure he heard. His leaving proves he had. I sit for a time then make my way back to my bed to rest. The day’s events drained me of strength and mind. I need to rest to make sense of it all. I resisted Dreamy for two months now, pulling him from below my mattress is the answer and before long my mother is there to comfort me. Her scent draws the poison from me and I drift to sleep wrapped in her sweet embrace.

#  #  #

I sat on my bench reading the spirits at my feet. Below me, a man told of how he and his family met their end after crossing a few feet of water. They managed to survive the ordeal only to pass away in their sleep the next night. I pray for him, his wife and son. It is at that moment, with my head bowed and eyes shut that someone touches my shoulder. Opening my eyes, I behold one of the truest sights of my young life: Lexie.
This is the middle of the fourth day since her incident. She seems softer somehow, perhaps weak from resting so much. I spring to my feet to hug her and it feels wonderful.
“Oh my Heavens. Lexie.”
To be with my friend again feels good. It has only been four days but I miss her dearly. As we stop to stare at each other the moment leaves in favor of something more disastrous. The look in her eye confirms it though she smiles throughout. My heart lurches. I search her face for a sign of things to come to brace myself accordingly.
“Lex?”
“I have something to tell you.”
“All right.” I return to my bench and make room for her to join me.
“Teenage hormones are disastrous,” she laughs though her face hasn’t changed to take on that of laughter. “Roland.”
I smile, starting to understand her cryptic language.
“Master Sole told me not to but I love him, or thought I did. I fell down a well and after everyone left the room, Master Sole lay next to me, held my hand, and followed. He has been talking with me these last days and has helped me to understand my mistakes. Nis, I’m sorry.”
“Sorry for what?”
“I followed you and watched you and Roland.”
Her cheeks flush red and she bows her head. A sinking feeling comes over me as I try to piece together what she says with her look. She watched us. How? When?
“I saw behind the building. I was there spying when Sole caught me. I took the shape of the wall facing you guys. I’m not good at shifting, especially when I get angry,” she gives more of her tortured smile and laughter. “Anyway, I lost my shape but before you could see me, sole transformed into a tree and protected me. That’s the real reason I was on punishment.”
“You saw us?” I don’t know why I asked, she already said she saw us. Perhaps if she says it again I can believe her.
“I saw you on Seti’s back stoop as well.”
We make a pair, Lexie and I. Both of us turn ten shades of red. I don’t need to ask her what she means by that or what she saw, I know. I was in favor of telling her all along, it was Roland who refused. Perhaps if I tell her that it will make everything all right between us.
“Sorry.” 
How pathetic is that? She tells the truth but for the life in me, I can’t. How do I say it? Roland is mine, Lex, he always was? How about, I wanted to tell you but they wouldn’t let me? How about, I’m glad the truths out, what do you think about that? No, I can’t do that to her and deep down my mouth and brain will have no part in it. Sorry will have to suffice.
“Don’t be, I’m the one who’s sorry. I never stood a chance with Roland. I know that now. If I wasn’t so stupid I would have another three years before the change. Nis, I’m an elemental.”
I bolt upward, gawking, gasping, unbelieving.
“I am. It’s rare but I am. I have a year left in solid form and then I transform and become part of the wind.”
“Oh, Lex.”
I sit and hold her hands. It shocks me but must have floored her to learn the truth. Her face is something between a smile and a cry with the edges of her lips quivering. She holds my hands tighter.
“It’s okay, I’m not leaving yet.”
“Oh, Lex.”
“Stop. Listen to me. I’m okay with it. It happens to all my people. And from time to time, after I have mastered it, I will be able to transform back and visit with you.”
“Truly?”
“Yes, but only for a short time, a couple hours at best. We can catch up. You can tell me about everyone here and I can tell you about the tops of mountains and hugging the sky. It will be glorious, Nis. Think about it. Glorious!”
We hug again. I believe she is truly happy. I’m not. I am losing a close friend and the weight of it hasn’t hit me. I will be sad for both of us. Suddenly, Lexie pushes away from me and stares into my eyes. Never before have I seen her that way. I gulp.
“What is it?” I speak low, afraid of her answer.
“I won’t be with you at the last battle in the caves of Olympia. I have to go home and prepare. Only the elders know how to ascend. They open the gateway for our kind. If I try without them I will be trapped between worlds. I’m sorry.”
“When do you leave?”
“In the morning, Master Sole will escort me.”
“No, I will.”
“Nis?”
“No! I will take you. You are my best friend and I will take you.”
“Okay.”
“Good. Let’s go get ready.”
Thank the Heavens my mission will go to another and I will be spared the horror of having to kill a child. But at what price did I earn my freedom? No, I can’t think that way, not now. Lexie is now my mission. My friend needs me. We walk back to our room, probably for the last time.


BOOK TWO


Chapter 22: Homecoming


Early the next morning, we make our way to our front gate. Lexie packs a single bag she slings over her shoulder and puts on a brave front, determined not to cry as she leaves.  To our surprise, our family gathers at the gate to see us off.  Neither of us expects it since we planned an early departure. We gaze at them all with awkward smiles. I can’t say who beams more, they or us. My heart stops when I see Roland at the end of the line near the gate. He looks heavenly though I can’t see his face. He dons of all things, black robes with a deep hood to hide his face. I know those eyes anywhere. The lips, the curve of his jaw, his scent. More amazing than the robe is the amount of stenciled gold lettering displayed on both sides of his robe. He reaches up and pulls back his hood to reveal his perfect face.
My knees buckle.
I have not seen him these last three days. My prince of a man has no hair on his precious head, none at all. And to add more shock value to his look, I see a thunderbolt on the side of his head. He turns and I see its mirror image on the other side. He has taken his master’s marks. Roland is now a master.
How did it happen? When?
I stand with mouth wide unable to utter a sound. He gives his sheepish grin and walks to me and caresses my hand. “Hello, sister.”
“Brother. I mean . . . Master.”
Again he smiles.
“How …”
"Everything must now speed up to its conclusion.” He turns to Lexie who wears my look in earnest. “You are not going anywhere, I forbid it.”
We both stare dumbfounded. What a transition he has made in such a short span of time. He smiles. My heart was on the floor but with his smile it soars to the heavens. He is joking. That solves one of the thousands of mysteries.
“You are both summoned to the Great Hall of Saral. Your family stands ready to bless you before your journey.” He motions with his hand. The others move in that direction. My feet glue themselves to the ground I stand upon. I suppose Lexie’s feet speak to mine because she doesn’t move either. In the end, we let all the others go and then follow behind Roland. Truth be told, two family members shove us forward. Lexie has to leave and I agreed to take her. That much is certain. Whatever awaits us in the Great Hall has to be quick. Nothing will stop us from leaving. Lexie counts on me and I keep my word. I vow it as I walk.
The large doors of Saral Hall open. We move in to join those already gathered at the altar. Our people have taken the time to line the walls with candles and light them for our ceremony. Heat meets each of us as steam pours from the center of our group skyward. A shove at my back propels me forward. Closer I venture to the center amidst low chanting, the beating of a drum, and canes striking the floor in unison.
My face curls into a smile before I reach them, I know what this is. It happened to Roland and now it is happening to us. I accelerate then stop at the edge to see steam billowing from two jars resting on large racks above open flames. Master Guan uses a poker to fan the flames high by maneuvering the hot coals for optimum efficiency.
Lexie squeezes my hand so much it hurts. She stops and apologizes. Clearly I am not the only soul captivated by the proceedings. Closer I come. The jars I view display gold writing that glows as bright as the coals.
I want to fall to my feet before it and move into a resting position with my hands palm down on my thighs. I feel the heat. I feel the swirling spirits beneath me. Yet, a certain thought plagues me. Of all the things in the world to think on, I think of my long black hair and how I will miss it. I also think on what I will look like with it gone. How strange is that? Then, I fasten my eyes on the jar before me, my jar.
On either side of the jar I see a portion of columns. The columns represent my house or my master’s house. At that thought, I look for him, he should be in front of me but he isn’t. Out of the corner of my eye I see Miriam and her proud smile. My master is here but only I have the privilege of seeing him. Before me is Master Guan. She has no hair like the others and displays a pair of clouds on her shaved head. Her smile is as bright as mine. She winks at me and then subtly points to her black robes. My face widens into a broad grin, she wears my house’s symbol on her robes, the columns that indicate the power to enter other realms or planes of existence and trap demons.
Curiosity makes me look at the jar in front of Lexie. There, I see a pattern of wavy lines on the portion of the jar viewable to me. I assume the other side contains the same. The lines indicate chameleon powers, the ability to transform and blend into the background. I have often tried calling up that power but was never successful at it. Lexie transforms without thought. Once, when she was sleeping, she had a nightmare. Her arms and legs moved as if she were running and she tossed her head about and screamed. Seconds later, a tree lay on her mattress. I stared for the longest time, unsure of what to do. Moments later she was back and peacefully sleeping with a smile on her face. I assumed it was all a part of some wacky dream and dismissed it until now. At that thought, something hit me.
It is not until I look into Lexie’s eyes and see streams of tears that I realize I am crying as well. This is our first and most important goal as members of a warrior cast. To take our marks is the culmination of years of hard work and training. Many of our group fail to make it this far. Some die at the hands of spirits while others make tragic judgments that prove they don’t belong and endanger the group if they stay. They wash out.  I made it. Lexie made it.
“Hear ye, hear ye, come forward and stand ready,” bellows Master Guan.
Lexie and I remain in our positions while shuffling and muffled voices rise behind us. Master Guan lights one of two four-foot white candles between her and Master Sole. She passes the metal rod she uses to light it to him and he bows to her. Master Sole lights his candle as well. He clears his throat and looks to neither Lexie nor I, but to the crowd behind us.
“Our sisters come before us to take their first marks. May the heavens sear a warrior’s heart into theirs and may they beat as one.” He looks at Lexie and nods.
For our journey, we wear gray pants and long shirts with long sleeves. Lexie kneels and pulls up both of her sleeves and shakes her hands as if shaking away trouble. She reaches forward with a hand to each side of her jar and as the liquid inside the jar bubbles with fury, she grimaces to prepare for the inevitable. Three quick breaths is all she needs. Master Sole pulls the branding iron from the bubbling liquid and slams it into her shoulder while she grips the jar. Lexie makes a guttural scream but holds her position not spilling a drop of the scalding liquid.
I don’t have time to think about her or the pain. I know from past experience that I will come up with a reason not to go forward so I kneel and push up my sleeves the very second Master Guan approaches. I lift my jar and watch her remove the poker. I stifle my screams with guttural sounds as my knees shake from the searing pain. With the smell in the air, no doubt flesh is burning and from the taste of it, I bit a tongue too lazy to move. I want to scream and have it stop and for a second am tempted to do so, but then the most amazing thing happens. Behind us I hear the canes tapping in unison as mock cries, whistles, and chants rise with our pain. Tap, tap, tap.  This gives me the encouragement to right the ship. I keep as still as possible while feeling the flesh of my shoulder burn. Sweat rains down on me while tapping takes place behind me.
They stop.
Lexie places her jar back on the rack and holds her position though she breathes heavily and quickly and is now ten shades of red. I do the same.
I can’t say who lifts me to my feet, someone does. They lead us to large bowls; I so want to shove my hands in and tried. Someone pulls me back and holds me steady. Masters Sole and Guan mumble while dipping their fingers into the bowls and flinging the contents at us. First it is my forearms that receive this blessing and then my face. With each toss of blessing I cool. Pain leaves me. This goes on to sprinkle the rest of my arms and with a few additions, I finally get a chance to look at my shoulder and there is no scarring as I think, but an intricate picture of the sun.
“What do you think?”
I turn. Lexie angles her shoulder. The waves ripple across her skin in a fashion that makes it look as if they are in constant motion. Maybe they are.
“I like it. Mine?”
“Oh, wow, Nis, awesome!”
“Sisters,” says Master Guan, “we celebrate and then you begin your journey.”
“Sister,” says Master Sole to Lexie. “Come, let us say our goodbyes properly.”
I watch Lexie leave with her master. She seems happier than ever. I am too though I know it won’t last. Soon we part forever. I hate goodbyes and avoid them if at all possible.
“Hey.”
I feel a hand at my waist. I turn with a smile, recognizing that hand. Eagerly I angle my shoulder to him so he can recognize my awesomeness.
“Not bad.”
“Roland! Not bad? Is that all you are going to say?”
Roland laughs.
“Bend down.”
“What?” he says.
I roll my eyes. “Bend down, please.”
He rolls his eyes and smirks.
“All right, Heavens. Bend down, please, Master.”
At that, he bends on one knee. Roland has a beautiful head. Even shaved it is magnificent and now I have a new sensation to master, the feel of its smoothness contrasted with that of the thunderbolt tattoos. I rub each to catalog the feel for future reference. Roland wraps his hands around my waist and pulls me down to him. I gaze into his piercing eyes and move in for a heavenly kiss. It is beautiful, amazing.
We kneel on the floor kissing with chatter around us. Little by little it fades into background noise and disappears completely. Roland stretches me out on the floor and after staring at me, moves in and kisses me more. I know it won’t last long so I make as many memories as I can. We will eventually get up and eat and then say our goodbyes, but for now, kissing and having him hold me will do.

#  #  #

We travel on horseback for days away from our home on a route Master Sole says will take us from all danger. He accompanies us to our midway point then takes the horses and speeds us on with a prayer. Miriam travels with us but rarely makes and appearance. She keeps vigil ahead of us, alternating between traveling above ground and below. Once we reach the Dark Territories she will turn back and Master Kie will awaken to brief the council on his adventures. He promises to edit for me and I trust him to keep his word.
We travel across a wasteland with little to no shrubs, grass, or trees. The barren road pains my poor feet but it doesn’t bother me as much as Lexie. Soon we will say goodbye. Before that, I will know about her and since we have a ways to go before reaching her homeland, we pass the time by talking.
Ahead is three routes: the left leads to a plush forest, the middle to distant hills, the right to distant smoldering trees. My heart sinks when Lexie takes the right. What sane person does that? I catch up to her to look into her face for reassurance. Though her expression is serene, I keep looking ahead. To calm myself I try talking as we intentionally walk toward a perpetually flaming forest.
“Lex?”
“Yeah?”
“So . . . an elemental?”
“Yes.”
“What exactly is that?”
She stops to gawk at me. She moves forward again with a shake of her head. “Always in the books, aren’t you?”
“So.”
“An elemental is first a wind spirit, Nis.”
“LEX!”
“Okay, okay,” she giggles at my frustration. “I’ll tell you the short version. On the outskirts of the Dark Territories stands a small house made of rock and mud set into the side of a rock face. In the middle of the night the inhabitants hear a knock. When they investigate they find a baby wrapped in swaddling cloth.”
“You?”
“Yes. They look about their village for parents but find no one to claim me so they do. For two days, all is fine. On the third day the wife wakes to find me standing in the middle of the room inside a whirlwind. Parts of me extend and contract for no reason. I stop and collapse back into the form of a small baby. The wife tells her husband when he returns that night but he doesn’t believe her. Who would?
“It never happens again so even she believes she dreamt the whole episode. Later they move up north and I am sold with others. You know the rest.”
I keep silent as we walk. I kick a rock and keep moving.
“All right, you want more, right? Well, Tulane sees a whirlwind when she gazes into me. Master Sole is the only master who can train someone with my nature. He takes me on a quest of discovery back to the Dark Territories. My parents went to their reward before Sole could ask them so there isn’t anyone alive who can tell me for certain who I am.”
“Sorry.”
“We meet the elders and they run tests of course. Nothing comes of them or at least that’s what they tell me. On our walk back to camp Master Sole tells me there is a chance I will transform. Nothing is certain.
“I throw myself into my lessons in case it is true. Sole said I might find the power not to change, so I try. That is why I moved ahead of you to get my marks, and now, it was all a waste. Nothing can stop the change.”
“I’m sorry.”
“Don’t be, it’s okay. I’m an elemental, that’s all.”
“You sound so calm about it all.”
“I’ve had a long time to prepare if worse came to worse.”
“Sorry.”
“Don’t be, it’s an adventure, not the one I wanted, but it’s an adventure all the same. I’m a wind traveler. One day in the future I will simply spread my arms wide and disperse into a million pieces and become the wind. There, I will meet others of my kind, maybe my parents, and we will roam across the world caressing everything we pass. I can travel through the air all the way up to the thinnest of atmospheres before returning. I can go to the bottom of the ocean and touch it just to see what it feels like. I can scale up mountains in moments and feel everything; the roughness of the rocks, grass, and trees, the water, the snow, even the people climbing. I can feel it all the same as I feel right now. Oh, Nis, it is going to be glorious! Can you imagine it all?”
“No, Lex, I can’t.”
“Don’t be sad, Nis. I’m just becoming something different. I’m still me, Lexie, your best friend. I’ll just be able to go places you can’t, that’s all. But I’m going to come back and tell you everything. How it all feels. Everything!”
She stretches her arms and twirls about as if she doesn’t have a care in the world. I suppose it’s true. I on the other hand have too many pressing matters. Soon the platform in the caves will be ready and we battle Lucian, not to mention I still have to tangle with his mother and Cassie. When I think of Cassie, my heart truly aches. I don’t want to kill a seven-year-old child, but I have to, it’s the law. Cassie is a seer and she is evil, consorting with demons at the core of our world is an automatic death sentence. She has to be stopped, I pray another has taken the task from me.
I then think about all the others, pushing Roland out of my head. I can’t think of him now. I have to concentrate on the matter at hand.
In my heart of hearts, I’m happy for her and hope it goes as she thinks it will. Ahead, Miriam walks toward me, through the twirling Lexie without missing a step. Miriam is my private ace, someone I can see but others can’t. She died or rather she transformed from human to spirit and is trapped with her family beneath the ground as a ground spirit. They travel beneath our feet and occasionally make their way to the surface to peer into our world. My master caused Miriam to manifest in the real world by giving her his energy. They coexist and from time to time speak to me so that I can win battles against evil and save my world. Now that she walks toward me I feel trepidation.
I turn to shield Miriam and me from Lexie while she moves ahead in her carefree happy state. Miriam comes alongside me. She purses her lips into a thin line.
“Bad news?”
“Yes,” says Miriam. “A ground demon lies in wait ahead. He communes with an air demon that hides in the trees near a bend in the road just beyond a decrepit white gate.”
“They mean to take us?”
Yes, they chose a position beyond the Bessies to achieve their goal.”
A Bessie is an enchanted slab of concrete placed strategically where spirits gather. Should you find yourself surrounded by the monsters, you should run to a Bessie and step upon it. Spells written in gold and black lettering activate when you step on them and once activated, demons cannot cross their threshold to harm you. If the area held no Bessies and we had to fight, we had better win because we had no safety ground to retreat to.
“Lex!”
“What?”
I wait until she reaches me. I place an arm on her shoulder to convey the seriousness of our situation. “Ahead of us are two demons,” I speak in whispers.
“Two?”
“There is an air demon in the trees ahead and a ground demon in league with him.”
Lexie turns toward the direction my eyes convey. She stretches a  hand and moves it from side to side. Puzzlement spreads across her face. She moves her hand back and forth again. Puzzlement ingrains itself into her.
“I sense nothing,” says Lexie.
“They are there, up ahead, alongside the road.”
“All right. Let’s go.”
Lexie moves forward with caution. I suppose she wants to make it to her home and will not let a pair of demons alter her plans. She is a fighter, one of the best in our class. I count on standing beside her in the final battle but she will not be there. We will have to carry on without her. I move to join her and walk at her pace.
Lexie hums. How did she know? I used that tactic to kill a demon that tried to catch me unaware. I thought I was the only one that knew it. Perhaps they teach it in one of the fighting classes I never attend.
Master Kie tells me to devote myself to the library. There, he says, I will find my strength. I can’t say if he is right, so far I have little to show for book learning. My classmates are champion fighters. I would trade it all for some of their skills.
I come along side of her and hum. Lexie points. Ahead, we see a wide white wooden gate that clings to a post by only its bottom hinge, the end of the gate plants itself into the ground. The gate has not swung freely for some time. On the other side is a grouping of trees. I can’t see a spirit in the high branches but get the distinct feeling we are being watched from above.
Neither of us gives a worried look or stares in any one direction. We keep a steady pace and hum as if carefree. Surreptitiously I seek out a Bessie just in case things go wrong. I know none are available but it is a distraction that brings me comfort so I indulge for a moment. As we near the gate and trees, the air grows cold by the slightest of margins. Had we truly been carefree we might not have noticed.
Lexie indicates the gate and cross skips in front of me. Thank the Heavens for that. I am more confident with air demons though I suppose there really isn’t much difference between the two when it comes down to it. Still, approaching the trees, I soar with confidence knowing an air demon is about to meet its ends at my hands. I wonder if it knows?
Miriam materializes before me. She indicates the last of the four trees by holding up four fingers. She vanishes. I swivel my eyes without turning my head, all the while humming. The first tree is the tallest and the one I prepared for. Now I change my strategy.
Lexie moves further ahead and to my right. Her humming ceases. As carefree as she can, she views the gate as if admiring it. She touches it. Instantly, a demon grips her hand. Lexie leans inward as if dizzy and allows more of her energy to drain. She leans in more. I see the outline of the hand that grips hers. The hand extends from within the wood. I should say something but don’t. My senses tune to the trees above me.
The ground heats at my feet. I call up energy and though I face Lexie and the gate, I am aware of the trees and sense an outline high in the last tree. I turn more to Lexie to show my back to the trees. I want to know if I can tell where the spirit is and if it finds me vulnerable and move.
In quick fashion, Lexie fastens her free hand on top of the forming hand and with a yank, falls backward pulling the demon from inside the gate and the ground as well. She clutches it as she falls.
At that moment, the wind blows behind me. I whirl with a scowl upon my face. My eyes flame. My body is fire. I catch a glimpse of a red blob with yellow eyes and gnashing teeth. Instantly my hands fly toward the charging creature. I clamp down on it and shatter it into a million pieces. I have to do it fast in case Lexie needs my help. I whirl back to her. She has her back to me. She holds on to the demon, fiercely chanting louder and louder. The demon roars, fading in and out but unable to gain its freedom. With a free hand she reaches into her bag and with a loud shout, Lexie slams a weapon into the demon and it explodes.
The chill in the air ends.
I rush to her. “You okay?”
“Always. You?”
“I’m good.”
“Then let’s get moving.”
I extend a hand to help her to her feet. We move down the path to continue on our way. Glancing at the backside of the gate, I see a message inscribed in small letters that gives me a chill, “exiting the Dark Territories.”  Nice sign, but we are going in the opposite direction. Before I take another step I feel a tug at my side. I look down to see Miriam smiling up at me.
“Why didn’t you help us?”
“You need no help, sister. You are on your path. Let wisdom be your guide for the remainder of this journey.”
I suspect it is my master, now I am certain. “What does that mean?” perhaps he will be less cryptic and explain for once.
“Time for me to return and make my report. I will find you again.”
I look ahead to Lexie then wave goodbye to Kie. I can make a fuss and give thousands of reasons but I don’t. I have done a lot on my own, this will be no different.”


Chapter 23: Dark Territories


We stop to look before us. Ahead we see black trees with no leaves and a narrow trail of road between them. The wall of trees looks as if they have been in a forest fire and their charred remains are all that is left to view. It comforts me when Lexie takes my hand to guide me to the road. Her stoic look confirms all is well, still the way things look stirs questions within me.
Never before have I seen such devastation, not even by angry spirits determined to destroy all in their wake. Everywhere I turn yields the same results, nothing. Nothing seems to be alive and thriving in the area. There is no grass or shrubs. We walk on blackened patches of  ground shaped into foot-long rectangles. I kick the hard ground to see if it moves, it doesn’t—it’s packed tight. I stop to listen for a moment to hear spirits beneath my feet, none are present—that in and of itself sets off alarm bells deep within me. Something about this place drives fear into my heart and hushes the voices I have come to rely on for all of my adult life. I feel blind and dumb moving along a trail I know better than to go down, yet, here I am walking that trail with a happy camper next to me. Judging by her expressive wide grin, Lexie pays no attention to the burnt out trees dotting the landscape—former shadows of their true selves. Not even to the one ahead of me that looks as if it were a person with stretched out arms, planted feet, but no head. I shudder when she breaks my grip to move ahead.
Lexie takes out a scroll Master Sole handed to her at the end of his journey with us. She unrolls it and lays it on the ground, placing a stone at each corner to hold it in place. Lexie spreads her hands wide and looks to the heavens. She chants quietly, I listen but cannot make out the words. Why do people always do that? Why not chant loudly so everyone can hear? I need to know in case I need to repeat her words. I step closer. Louder she chants then waves her arms about.
The road before us remains black but now glows at the edges. I feel a tremble at my feet and fear finds me. Lexie rolls the map and stores it and moves ahead. The rectangle she steps on glows brighter. I am nowhere near it and feel a pain at my feet as if walking on hot coals. Lexie looks at me, her face contorts with bewilderment. Before lies a glowing road to travel on.
I order my feet to move as quickly as possible. Lexie falls in line with me and together we rush forward up an incline that moves with us. Eerie noises come to us as dull, unintelligible whispers. We move faster to race upward with wildly beating hearts. The trees grow closer as we speed forward to the point of charred branches brushing against us. Ahead, we see a narrow strip of sunlight beckoning us forward. To our sides, the trees thicken to show us little of the world we find ourselves trapped in. Onward we move with light yelps from swatting trees. The tunnel of hope narrows. Ahead, we approach an opening and find ourselves facing three routes to take—tree branches beat at the opening of the center hole but not the others. Lexie races for the beating branches. I hear her cry out as they swat her. She keeps moving. I run behind her so as not to get lost. I would have preferred one of the other routes, they look safer. The road narrows. The trees move closer. We push harder with new determination, each of us filling the rabbit hole of a space we inhabit. Tree branches, hating the way we swat them, hit back with harder force. With each swat I feel a prick on my skin and can smell blood. There is also the problem of blurry vision. For a moment I see nothing then bright light and images I know aren’t there, yet they are somehow. I push further to what may be a mirage caused by the swatting trees. At the top, we stop and see our destination and race to open ground.
We tumble forward onto solid ground and hear the last of the tree branches that slap us cry with vengeance, unable to harm us further.
I bend to gulp air and slow my heart before it bursts. Out of curiosity I look back to see a wide blackened road with charred trees spaced in ordinary manner on each side. How is that possible? What happened to the tunnel? The rabbit hole? The incline? I wipe sweat from my forehead and look at my fingers. Tell-tale signs are there: dirt, grime, blackness, small scratches, welts, and drips of blood. After another couple of deep breaths I straighten.
Ahead, I see the same blackened trees we came through only now they form a wide circle. They clump together as a thick protective wall: branches of one crisscross with another. This thick intricate weave extends as far as the eye can see. If I had not seen it with my own eyes, I would not imagine such a thing was possible. To be on the outside standing in front of one of these trees, I would have to believe that nothing lies beyond but more tightly bunched trees. I would have to wade through them all to get to this point and glimpse what I now behold—a magnificent city out of its element.
The trees work together to hide a city, and not just any city, this city is not made of straw and mud like most houses. Nor is it carved into the side of a cave or mountain. This city stands majestically out in the open, towering to the heavens, sparkling with radiance.
“Can you believe it?” asks Lexie.
“Heavens. That’s where you’re from, Lex?”
“I guess, Nis. This is the route Master Sole told me to take. Can you believe it?”
I try my best to determine what the city is made of. Never before have I seen so much concrete in one place, except for our camps and those of the monks. This is different in a way I can’t describe. It isn’t exactly concrete, the walls move with the wind as if made of paper. 
Lexie moves downward on our now glowing road with tall trees that don’t move. I follow in decipher mode. I have to know what the city is made of and take every opportunity to guess as we approach. Finally, we make it out of the trees to stand before a massive wooden gate. Lexie consults her scroll and touches the appropriate symbols on the door. Each glows but the door does not open. We stare and wait.
“The hole, Lex. Put your hand in the hole below the symbols.”
After she does the door opens.
A woman wearing a long red dress greets us. Her endearing smile puts me at ease. “Welcome home. I am Auralia.” Lexie radiates pure joy as they hug. It warms my heart to see her in such a blissful state. I think of Roland and wonder if that is how I look when he hugs me. I so hope so.
“And you, welcome.” The woman gives me a warm hug.
“Thank you. This is a beautiful place.”
“Thank you,” she says, “come and rest. Ask no questions. First we eat and then we talk. Come.”
We follow her or more precisely, she walks hand in hand with Lexie while I follow. I don’t mind, this is Lexie’s home and I am content to look about and catalog everything I see without having to stop to talk. Their whispers dim to background noise as she leads us through what can only be described as a castle. We walk a narrow hall made of bricks that goes to an arched ceiling. Small windows dot the tops of the wall to let in light. I wonder why they are placed at such high levels?
We pass through an arched door of wood into a great meeting hall. People rise from a long table to greet us as we approach. One by one they nod at me and hug Lexie. The last of the greeters comes forward.
“I am Notus, chief elder. Welcome. Please sit, I’m sure you will like what we prepared for you.”
That statement hits home but I can’t say why. I move with Lexie to the table and we sit side by side. Before us, plates filled with strange foods entice me to salivate by their colors alone and off to the side, Lexie’s favorites. I shoot a look to her. How do they know her favorites? My guard goes up. I call on my lessons and stretch my mind forward to seek out danger. If it is here I have to find it. I find slight background noises. I stretch more but come away empty. Perhaps we are safe. My imagination can be in overdrive, it took a lot to get here.
I slide closer hoping no one notices. Carefully I lift a fork to take a stab at what appears to be a vegetable while tapping Lexie with my leg beneath the table. She gives me a strange look and moves away to open distance between us. I gasp, not believing Lexie could do such a thing.
“Lex,” I whisper. She ignores me and keeps eating. While I nibble she gulps as if there is no tomorrow.
“That was good,” says Lexie, “I’m ready, now.”
“Follow me,” says the chief. I stand. He holds a hand to me. “Not you. Continue eating. We will return shortly.”
I give a look to Lexie to convey my distress over splitting up. She ignores me, swept up with the excitement of being home. She bounces from the room, nearly floating. I take my seat to continue my meal surrounded by others, one of whom is Auralia the first woman we met. Auralia smiles politely. I return her smile before continuing my meal. Something tells me she stays behind to watch me. I smile again.


Chapter 24: Oracle


After my meal, Auralia escorts me up a flight of stairs to a large room with bed. I whirl to catch her closing the door.
“Wait. What is going on?”
Auralia stares me down as if I asked an insane question. “This is your room for the night. Rest well.”
Again she attempts closing the door. I thrust my hand to stop it. If it closes it may lock and I have no intentions of being trapped in a strange room in a strange place. “Where is Lexie?”
“Meeting with Aeolus. Have a pleasant rest; she will see you in the morning.”
“Hold it,” now that is going too far. First she leaves in the middle of a meal and is said to be coming right back and now it is tomorrow. I had qualms about this place before and now they heighten. “I want to see Lexie right now.”
While she glowers, I meet hers with more. Our challenge begins. I concentrate to call upon that which lay at my feet. It is there but in such a weakened state it can’t aid me. Her smile tells me as much. “Later.” The door shakes after she leaves.
“Aww!” I grip the knob, pulling with all my might but it won’t open. They have me trapped. I go into battle stance and concentrate. My master said I was ready that I could take care of myself. I will prove him right. I call energy to me with the intention of blasting the door off its hinges. Nothing comes to me. After another futile try I relent. I sit on the bed, glaring at the door. Sometime during my challenge I fall asleep.
A soft rasping at the door wakes me.
Auralia stands with a silver tray in her hands, a wide smile beneath her nose. Had she forgotten what she did to me? “The door is set to the tray. Eat everything on the tray and the door will open. You are free to walk around and visit. All red doors are off limits, do not breach them. We welcome you to our lands.” She bows politely then leaves.
I push to my feet. Taking on the demeanor of a child will do no good. She says I am free after I eat so I will test that theory. I kneel before the low table at my feet. On my knees, I lift the lid: Latec eggs, bread loaf, jerky, tea, and what looks to be blue honey. After quick prayer with hands to heaven, it is time to eat. I rush through it all, breaking off a piece of bread to dip in the honey and relishing the taste of it. I gobble the small bit of jerky and eggs and gulp the tea without bothering to taste it. After the last of the dipped bread I race for the door. It opens.
Searching for Lexie proves difficult. She is nowhere to be found in the castle. Twice I think of checking the forbidden doors but choose not to. I will make a search of the grounds and if I haven’t found her, the rooms will be breached. I haven’t seen Lexie all night. We are roommates so it is hard getting to sleep without her present or Dreamy. I have to find her, Lexie may be in trouble.
The front courtyard leads to the path we travel to get here. I dare not risk following it out of fear I might not find my way back. Instead, I search the interior courtyard. Master Kie teaches us how to use ground spirits as our eyes and ears. We subvert his teachings to an advanced game of hide and seek with our counterparts—Lexie and I always win. Knowing where they hide and pretending otherwise takes great effort but we master the stoic look of a master to win and give no hint of our deception. I call upon that power now. I raise my right arm waist high and fan the ground before me. The ground spirits will tell me if Lexie is in the outside courtyard. Nothing comes to me. I fan harder and move forward. Still nothing. I hear the spirits beneath my feet. They call to me as if from a deep tunnel. Their voices echo in low whispers I can’t decipher. What is the matter?
I give up on the task to return to the castle. I don’t want to disrespect their rules but they leave me no choice. I have to find my friend.
“We are having lunch in the great hall.”
I turn, “excuse me?”
Auralia wears a smile that falters at its edges. She smiles brighter to cover a slight quivering at the ends of her pursed lips on the left side of her face. “Lunch. Are you ready?”
I give a look down the hall at the first red door I intend to breach. Looking at her, I change my mind. “Sure.” I will search after lunch.
Chatter remains constant as we enter. Auralia introduces me to various individuals. I give my best smile knowing I forget their names as soon as I hear them. Lexie forever remains at the forefront of my thoughts until I find her safe and well.
“Lexie is with Aeolus,” says Auralia as if she reads my thoughts. “Eat. You will see her at the end of the day, I promise.”
I give a tight smile.
“She is being told about our people and would not want to be interrupted. Please honor us and not interfere. Eat.”
To ensure I do, Auralia sits next to me. A woman places a plate of food before me. I turn to thank her but she moves off to serve another. I turn back to have a look at my lunch which is identical to breakfast. I hurry and eat so I can escape to continue my search.
With everyone in the building I choose a red door near the end of a long hall. At the very end is a wooden door. The door opens. A man with a large frame enters, the part that intrigues me is the sunlight that follows. I pretend to admire a portrait on a wall as he passes. When he leaves, I race for the door.
It has to be the back courtyard. I stand on concrete that extends to a short wall. Beyond that lies the tree line. Something bothers me about the shiny white floor I stand upon. I walk around noticing the short outer wall that holds flowers in various areas. I see black pedestals and short ledges, chairs and tables, and a rare sculptured water fountain of all things. It is breathtakingly beautiful. Serene. Quiet. I can meditate for hours here without realizing how much time passes. I love it.
I shake away the fantasy and search for my friend. Not finding her, I move inside. To my surprise, a red door opens near me and Lexie comes out. I stop, floored by her. She wears her hair differently making herself appear older. She wears white robes with a necklace of gold, an emblem at its center. I glimpse the writing but can’t decipher it. She looks up at me. Her face breaks into an ear-to-ear smile.
“Nis.”
“Lex.”
I rush to hug her before she vanishes. “Heavens, Lex.” I break our hug to gaze upon her to spot any change in her. “What did they do to you?”
“Nothing.” She spins. “Like it?”
I roll my eyes. How can she not be serious?
“Lex! I have searched and searched. What’s going on? What have you been doing all this time?”
“What? I was here, talking.” She fastens her hands to her hips, glaring. “What do you mean all this time?”
“You left yesterday afternoon. This is a new day, Lex. What is going on?”
“Heavens, it’s been a whole day? How?”
“Lex?”
“Okay. Let me think, Nis. I have been talking with Aeolus and he showed me all these wonderful things, Nis. I guess we didn’t notice the time. Nis? It was . . . it was . . . wow, Nis. Let me show you.” Lexie looks down the hall in both directions. She backs away from me, tilts her head and holds out her arms. Before my eyes, she shimmers and then fades. In a panic, with my heart in my throat, I reach out to wipe my hand across the area where she had been and feel nothing.
“Here.”
I turn. Lexie stands in front of the outside door, beaming.
“How?”
It takes great effort to slow my heart. I think I lost her. The whole purpose in bringing her here was to save her and now this.
“The wind,” she squeals, “I rode the wind. That is what we have been doing, Nis. I not only went over the trees I went through them. It was . . . oh, wow. I can’t explain what it was like.”
“Heavenly?”
“And more.”
“Lex,” I grab her by her shoulders to shake the stupid off her face. “You shimmered.”
“I’m okay. Don’t worry, they told me what it is and I’m okay. Really.”
For the first time in forever, I have no idea what to say to my friend. She seems okay. Our master said if she fades again it might be forever but here she is smiling and saying everything is okay. I believe her. Joy abounds in both our hearts. Lexie deserves this and more.
“Here,” says Lexie, “take my hand.”
As soon as I take her hand, I feel lighter than air. I look up and see the ceiling approaching but it doesn’t frighten me. I go through that ceiling and another and then am outside looking down at the castle from a great height. I hear Lexie laughing but can’t see her. I fly higher and higher around the city gazing at every building from high above. It is heavenly. Then, I change direction and fly downward at such an incredible speed I think I might shatter if I strike the concrete. Instead, I fly through it into the ground.
I feel lightheaded. It is the feeling I get when demons attack to drain me. Instantly, I retaliate. I call on the spirits around me to surge toward me as I fall further down what can only be described as a well. I seem to fall forever. I hear laughter and thousands of voices surging toward me. With my last ounce of strength I explode outward just as massive disembodied hands reach to grab me. The hands are wavy, fading in and out, as they reach me and frighten me to death. If I am going to die, I am taking everyone with me. I hear a pop and feel a sharp pain at my shoulder and then at the back of my head.
I land against a wall. When I focus, I see Lexie across from me. We shake the cobwebs loose and climb to our feet with the aid of strong arms. I know the tattoo on those arms, they reached toward me not moments ago. I completely forget I have such a tattoo and raise the sleeve of my long shirt to view mine.
“Why did you do that?” asks Lexie, giving me a start.
“Lex?” I pull down my sleeve.
“Heavens, Nis. Heavens.”
The man releases a red-faced Lexie. He turns my face to his and looks deep into my eyes. His are green and piercing. I feel trapped so I break his stare by turning my head. He forces me back to his eyes with a stronger grip.
“I’m Aeolus. We did not see that when we saw you.” His eyes roam my face as if I were a curiosity. “Never do that again.”
“Okay.”
I could have said more. I would have said more. He frightens me. He earns my respect just that quickly. Only a master can reduce me to a mouse.
“Eat your dinner,” says Aeolus, staring at Lexie, “you must spend long hours training to make sure that  doesn’t happen again. Understand?”
“Yes, Master.”
Lexie bows her head. He looks at me again then goes into the room behind the red door. I face my friend. I shouldn’t be shocked she called him master, I practically did the same in his presence. There is something about him. He wears white robes like all the others and does not have any of our tattoos but something tells me he trains with us. He has to.
“Come on, Nis.”
Lexie leads me to the dining hall. Why we return so quickly is beyond me. A look to a high window reveals the truth, the sun is fading. Somehow Lexie and I lost time. Perhaps that is what happens when you enter the state she was in. We sit side by side at a far table. An old lady stands behind me, she sets a plate before me. All the items are strange except for the small loaf of bread and blue honey. It seems a staple of every meal. Lexie breaks her loaf and dips it in the honey. I hear her moan with delight at the taste. I dip mine and echo my approval. It is good. 
“More bread and honey,” yells Lexie. She turns to me, “the honey has nutrients we need to develop faster.”
“Thanks,” I say to the server.
I feel like a glutton but notice everyone shoves blue-soaked bread into their mouths at a hefty rate. I follow suit by dipping into the honey. It must be their thing. We eat our second loaves before starting on the main meal. I don’t feel hungry but I want more bread.
“Nis, guess what?”
I lean closer, “what?”
“I’m going to be a spirit guard.” Her wide eyes hold excitement.
“A what?”
“Spirit guard. That’s my strength. Some of us become the wind and patrol our borders. It’s like what I am doing now, can you believe it?”
“I guess.”
“It’s Jubilation Day! They change the guards tonight. I get to witness it and talk to them about it. It’s going to be great!”
“I guess.”
I want to say more but have no words. She beams so much that I have to beam or she will know I worry for her. I don’t want to ruin things for her. Perhaps I can verify things before leaving her here. That is my new mission.
As I look around the room at all the ravenous bread eaters, dipping and grunting, one thing is certain—Lexie is too swept up in it all to make rational decisions and I am not letting her stay in an unsafe place. Not if I have anything to say about it.


Chapter 25: Jubilation Day


My curiosity peeks as the day draws to a close. I have to see the spirit guards in action for myself. I creep from my room to venture down the hall and out the back of the castle to the courtyard. People gather in white robes, Lexie huddles with a group of robed adults while children chase one another near the courtyard’s walled edge. Peeking from behind a wide column, I see they all look similar to my friend in height as well as in their blond hair color. Who would have guessed Lexie knew her true hair color?
I key on a man who comes out with a large bucket. He walks slowly careful not to slosh around the contents. From the edges I see white and know it to be water. Another man follows carrying a small black pedestal.  The man takes great care in setting the pedestal on the floor. His gentle caring is one of loving admiration, he strokes the top of the pedestal then bows to the other man who pours his bucket of water over the center of the pedestal.
Auralia whispers into Lexie’s ear. Lexie’s nod mirrors her wide grin. I don’t have to look into her eyes to know they sparkle with the same excitement her body displays.
Lexie stands in a circle with the others, first holding hands while chanting then spreading apart to eventually break contact with one another. At that point the black pedestal shimmers or more correctly something above it shimmers. I move to get a better view fearing spirits arrived. From what I have seen so far, these are not bad people and that can be their downfall. I on the other hand am fully prepared to take on demons to save Lexie as well as the rest. Speaking of Lexie, she moves to the shimmering, swaying her body and tilting her head upward. Jubilation seeps from every pore of her skin. She twirls like before for a second then stops to gaze more. Auralia comes alongside her and whispers in her ear, Lexie nods then looks skyward. I raise my head as if an invisible string joins us as one. There, a second shimmering appears to take the form of a gigantic white cloud. This is most peculiar, never have I seen a fully white spirit. A moment of dread traverses my body. I dismiss it and assume my battle stance with arms forward and knees bent. I scowl. If it ventures near I will attack. Instantly Lexie repeats my maneuver, every trace of joy eradicated from her, perhaps we are joined after all.
Auralia coaxes her from her stance with a gentle hand. Lexie is no pushover. Though she straightens, I see the tenseness in her. I crouch forward to get a better view. My friend will attack first and I will spring from hiding to join her if she needs me. So watch I do.
Three pedestals are in a triangular formation. A thin light shimmers from each pedestal to the gigantic overhead cloud. The cloud shrinks into three distinct clouds. Each hovers over a pedestal, the closest to me and Lexie changes from horizontal to vertical. It swirls around in tight formation as a long string between pedestal and its remnants. Eventually it shrinks to the height of a person and transforms into such right before our eyes. I clutch the column I stand behind and stick my head out more.
A girl no older than Lexie stands on the platform in all white clothing. Her hair is just as blond as the others. She seems tired, her face drawn tight against her skin, but she radiates warmth when her face breaks into a smile. Auralia helps her down and she hugs each of them. It warms my heart to see such affection.
At that moment, the strangest sensation comes to me. The voices beneath my feet are no longer distant and muffled. I hear them and make out individual voices of a woman and her daughter. All feels right with the world again. Armed with that knowledge, fear no longer grips me. I stand tall so I can better see the sights before me.
“Piphany,” says Auralia, “this is our lost sister, born of Ramus and Phis.”
Piphany gazes lovingly at Lexie. She hugs her warmly as if old friends. “We have missed you dearly.”
“Lexianna. I am happy to be here.”
Lexianna?
“Lexianna,” echoes Piphany.
They began talking. Ahead of me and to my right, flowers sit on a railing. The flowers give me hope, I move up and hide there to hear better. Their voices become louder, but so do those at my feet. I shut the dead out to listen. Piphany speaks of what it is like to drift as a cloud. Lexie gawks occasionally looking to the sky with wide eyes. A creepy feeling comes to me. The hairs at the back of my neck stand on end. Alertness comes to me and I straighten, honing my senses on instinct with no concrete reason as to why. Then it hits me. The white concrete I am on has no writing. I knew something about it bothered me but couldn’t place it until now. No writing means these are not a collection of Bessies and that means trouble. And sure enough, to our right comes trouble in the form of a sky filled with colored darkness: spirits. They come so fast and carry evil intent in their hearts. For a moment I stay in crouched stance to observe. If Lexie stays with these people I have to know she will be safe. I don’t worry about her as much as I worry about them because I know little about them. Can they fight? Will they fight? I have to know.
Almost instantly, Lexie moves from the others and crouches. Three others take similar stances but the majority surprise me in the most unusual of ways. One by one they shift into rock. I can’t believe it and gaze for an eternity at a red rock off in the distance at the edge of the courtyard. Then, a dark blue air demon flies at the red rock. I think for certain it is the end of the poor soul. I try remembering who it had been moments before so I can say farewell and remember them in my prayers. As I watch, the demon hits the rock and instead of latching on and sucking it dry, it bounces off. I look at the spirit, it forms a head and dark yellow eyes and gnashing teeth. Its face twists into evil. It zooms again at the rock and bounces high in the sky again. Its face shakes in rage. It dashes down again but at a different victim: a yellow rock half the size of the red. At that moment it becomes clear—the small rocks are the children that chased one another at the courtyard’s walled edge. Before, they all looked with eagerness to the sky, now they are all in defensive mode as rocks of various sizes and colors. Before I can glean more, the spirit dives and again it bounces away. Thank the Heavens.
Lexie’s battle cry breaks the sound barrier. She charges ahead with an item that forms into a spear, it flies skyward into a large red air demon. Thunder erupts as she shifts—lightning flashes. Slivers of red rain on the courtyard. A spear falls to the ground. Lexie reappears in battle stance with closely-knit brows that bend down in the middle where they meet. She sneers, searching for the next. This time, she chants. Her robe flies open and at her waist I see her Sonsai. She remembered to wear her bag of toys. I wish I had been as prepared. I worried so much about her that I left my defenses back in the room. Stupid, stupid, stupid!
Lexie aims her Hitton at a demon and chants. Bright light hits the creature and it struggles to free itself with little hope of escape. She chants louder to reel it in. Lexie doesn’t see the green spirit coming behind her. I look to the others who fight with various degrees of success. Even so, none see Lexie’s doom. I rush forward to attack. With each racing step I hear the ground swell at my feet. I listen and call upon it to aid me in my cause. I stop and plant my feet. Heat rises upward, burning heat. With a scowl on my face and war in my heart, I take aim. Nobody is going to hurt my friend. My head sways at the thought of Lexie perishing. I become lightheaded and don’t know why. In my mind a treasure chest comes into view. It opens and inside there is a swirling mass of what can only be described as bits of lightning. My hand reaches in and touches one of them. Instantly I am zapped with energy and of all things, knowledge. It is amazing. My books teach me a lot but they can’t compare to these energy sparks. I want to touch another but then hear a scream that brings me back to the present.
I roar, rear back, and fire streams of lightning at the demon from my fingertips. This lightning flows from my fingertips directly from the ground swell encapsulating my lower body. I don’t know how I’m doing it. I marvel none of the less as a demon shimmers, held in place by my charge with no hope of freedom. I see another out of the corner of my eye. I hold the first with one hand and direct my free hand at the other. With a mighty roar lightning shoots from it and now I hold two of them.
My chest heaves, my heart pounds. I feel euphoric. Every pore on my skin opens to take in the new sensations at my command. I want more. I can kill these creatures but choose not to. I choose to torture and listen to their shrieks. They attacked my friend. They attacked children. They attacked me. I listen, swept up in ecstasy. My head sways. It is so delicious. I listen to more shrieks.
Blackness overtakes me. I switch off.


Chapter 26: Red Room


Lexie sits next to me. The tight smile she gives contrasts with her worried gray eyes. “You okay?”
“Yeah, what happened?”
“Baleck hit you.”
I look about trying to push up. The ringing in my head knocks me back to the mattress. “Who?”
“Me.”
I shift my gaze above her to see a stout, wide bull of a man with gentle eyes. Those eyes squelch the anger in me. “You?”
“We didn’t know you were allergic to Marshon. Forgive us for our error.” He lowers his head in a graceful bow.
I can never be angry with such a gentle soul. I push up with Lexie’s help. “Can you tell me why?” I peruse a bandage at the back of my head. Pushing a finger past it I find a somewhat dry slickness that can only be blood. I look harder at the mystery man.
“Is not Marshon served in your order?”
I think for a moment.
“Bread and honey,” adds Lexie for clarification.
“Yes, a form of it, but only for a morning meal when we reach transfiguration. And only then for three successive days.” I look to Lexie to confirm. She nods. Turning back to him, “the honey?”
“Take her to see the Oracle. I cannot explain further.”
“The door,” Lexie asks, “how will I . . .”
“My apologies, sister. I will take you.”
Lexie and Baleck helped me to my feet. They lead me down a corridor I recognize. Ahead I view the spot where Lexie faded and took me on a journey with her. Across stands a red door. It surprises me when they stop in front of the door. Baleck holds his hand to the center of the door and chants softly. Again I listen but in the state I am in I hear nothing but bells. He stops and waits with his hand firmly attached to the surface of the door. Both his hand and the door fade. His hand reappears. He bows then leaves.
Before us is a doorway. The words Auralia spoke come back to me: Never breach a red door. Trepidation fills me. Lexie’s face shows courage. Looking straight ahead I see the inside of an ordinary room. I see the furniture of a sitting room complete with a small rectangular table with a vase of flowers. The walls I see hold portraits. All seem well in the room.
Lexie takes my hand and together we cross the door’s threshold. The picture perfect room vanishes. We are outside in a vast field of green grass. A gentle breeze blows to occasionally whip the hair on my head about while the hairs at the back of my neck go rigid with attention, forever searching out trouble. I don’t like where we are and don’t like that when I look behind me the door is no longer there. I want to stretch my hand to feel for it, perhaps it is invisible but still there. Lexie tugs me forward and we are running. Something whips across my face reminding me of one of Master Sole’s mind slaps. We run on. It happens for the second time. This time I stop for sanity’s sake.
“Lex?”
“What? We are almost there.” Her wide eyes hold unquenchable excitement. She has been here before but I can’t trust her. It is true that when we arrived we both lost our heads but I reclaimed that mantle, she didn’t. I return to my old way of thinking. We are in a vast green field. If that is true, there will be Bessies in this field, there has to be to keep travelers safe. I turn about in search of my elusive prize. I find none.
“Lex, I don’t see any Bessies. Where are we?”
She laughs and twirls. “The castle.”
She says it like I should have known but her words are lost on me. The openness of this area proves we are not in the castle. We can’t be. That is an impossibility. I turn again. I place my hands on my hips and meet her with a scowl of old. “You had better start explaining and it better make sense.”
Lexie’s hands spring to her face to hide her laughter. When she finishes her giggling spree, she turns and points. “There is a well right there. We have to go down it to reach the Oracle.”
I gaze ahead. No well is there, nothing but open space as far as the eye can see. I frown. “A well? Really? Where?”
She does a double take, looking at her well and back at me as if I am crazy. She breaks into hysteria, her face flushes red. “Heavens, Nis. Sorry, you can’t see it, can you?”
“I—”
Before I respond she grabs my hand and races forward with a pull I hadn’t known she possessed. I stumble along with her in protest. Another slap hits me. I stop and bring her to a halt. Before us is an old fashioned brown well made of small concrete slabs. It rises four feet from the green grass, standing majestically as if part of a vivid painting.
“Told you.”
What happened to my friend? I glimpsed the first signs of her when she fought the air demons in the back courtyard. That was my friend, the one that questioned everything, my twin. This Lexie leaps without looking. Yes, this is a fascinating world and to be a part of it must be exciting beyond belief, but to plunge into the unknown, that’s insanity and my friend is far from insane.
“Lex?”
“Stop it!”
She whirls on me with venom in her heart. “You just stop it. Nothing here is dangerous to me. I’m trying to show you my world and you keep acting up. Stop it.”
Lexie has only cried a few times. Shame rises in me for causing her so much pain. Am I wrong to show concern? Who am I to judge these people and this world and whether she will be safe here? She moves ahead of me. I schlep to her with an open heart. I touch her shoulder. 
“I’m sorry, Lex. You know I worry, that’s what I do. I just want to make sure I am leaving you with safe people. What if Lucian attacks? I have to know they will defend you and win, Lex. That’s all I want. Tell me you understand?”
“I understand. Now you need to understand. I am safer than you and the others will ever be. Demons can’t come here, Nis. Even if they did, we have protections they haven’t explained to me yet. The ones I know of, this place, for one, can never be breached. It’s impossible, Nis. I’m trying to tell you it’s impossible.”
“Lex, air demons go everywhere. This place is great but it can’t stop them.”
She shakes her head disapprovingly.
“I’m trying to tell you it’s impossible. The Oracle can explain it. Ask him all your questions and if you are not satisfied, I will leave with you.”
Her words alarm me. I bring her here to save her. If she returns with me she can only live the remainder of a year and will vanish forever after. “I can’t let you do that.”
“Nis?”
“All right, Lex. We do it your way. Show me this Oracle of yours.”
Lexie’s smile brightens the universe. It is a true sun unto itself. She spreads her arms wide. This is the Oracle.”
“What? This?”
She spreads her arms wider and twirls. “This is the Oracle, Nis. All of this.” She chuckles.
My mind freezes, unable to grasp what she says. My eyes find the well, the elephant in the room. I walk to it and standing on tippy toes, look down its darkened hole. Again the hairs at the back of my head call me to alertness.
Lexie climbs on top and extends a hand to me. I haul my short body on top. She takes my hand. “We have to jump. Don’t worry, it’s an act of faith. We will see the Oracle at the bottom. Ready?”
I shouldn’t nod, but I do.
Together, we leap. I feel a crushing weight around me. It is the void. Armed with that information I calm and know worrying is useless. I will fall until I touch down. So instead of worrying, my curiosity peeks. Before I heard voices. I listen but hear none this trip. Maybe Lexie is right, maybe this world is safe from air demons as well as ground demons. How is that possible? What secrets do they have that we don’t? And why don’t they share with the rest of the world to keep us all safe?
Further and further I fall through the blackness. The outside pressure increases. It presses against my chest to make it hard to breathe. I struggle for air and think I might pass out. Panic creeps into my world, then we hit the ground.
“Told you.”
Lexie is there with a helping hand to lift me to my feet. It is so easy for her. I marvel at that thought. Ahead, a flame burns in what looks like a miniature brown well. Together we approach. It flames higher to give off scalding heat.
“Are you worthy?” a voice booms from the flame.
“We are worthy to seek enlightenment,” bellows Lexie.
“Approach.”
Though she is enthusiastic, my fear tempers me to the point of giving her a stern look. She only smiles. Lexie leads me forward. Before my eyes the flame transforms into the outline of a man. For a moment I think it may be a demon, perhaps Lucian the Deceiver himself. If so, we are doomed.
The outline grows to a solid form and takes on the features of a man I know. A man I met earlier wearing white robes—Aeolus. How is it possible?
“Clearly you are ripe with questions. What truth is it you seek this time, my child?”
He speaks to Lexie. She asks questions? She challenges him for the truth? I gawk at her. I am so wrong. Lexie has not been swept away and blinded as I suspected. She has done her due diligence. I touch her hand to let her know how proud I am of her. I can’t say who radiates a more blissful countenance, her or me.
“This is Nista, my sister. She worries for my safety among so many strangers.”
I blush when his head turns to me. I lower my head instantly.
“Are you the Oracle?” the words come soft without much force behind them. I know it is a stalling tactic so I can gather myself. I hope he doesn’t know as well. I brave a look at his face then return to staring at my feet.
“I maintain my world.”
“That’s cryptic. Are you the Oracle?”
“Nis!”
Aeolus silences her by holding his hand out. He grips her shoulder and leans his forehead to hers. Lexie closes her eyes and smiles. I notice a faint blue line where their heads meet. They separate. He turns to me.
“I am the Oracle you seek. Ask your question.”
Confidence streams through me. No longer do I worry that he is not who he says he is. The Deceiver tricks many people. This man is not deceptive. His openness is by default and not a charade. I step closer to him.
“Baleck says to come here for answers. Can you tell me what happened to me in the courtyard?”
“Tell me, child,” he half circles me as I stand before him, “how did you feel in the courtyard?”
Again I lower my head to think. Looking up at him, I respond. “Powerful. Vengeful. I want to kill them and knew that I could, but first I wanted to torture them . . .”
“Why?”
I stop talking for a reason. The heat of shame mounts in my loins making a slow rise to erupt from my lips like the exquisite water fountain I glimpsed in the back courtyard. I hold my head low. I feel someone stroke my hair. Lexie is at my side. With her help I straighten. She rubs the small of my back in a soothing manner. Still, that heat remains.
“Why?” he repeats.
I meet his eyes. I see him through tear-stained windows. His gentle smile lifts me and squelches the heat that threatens to consume me. I gulp.
“I could not kill them because I wanted to hear their screams. To know that I tortured them and held them accountable for every atrocity they committed. I wanted more pain. I couldn’t get enough to satisfy me so I was searching for another spirit to grab and torture along with them.” I bow my head again to hide my tears.
“Did you hear voices.”
I sniffle and look at him. I nod.
“You are susceptible to the calls of the well. Our people are not, that is the problem. Only dark forces live there and wait to ensnare the unsuspecting. Now that they know you exist, they will keep an eye out for you. If you partake of the bread of life once more, they will find you. They intend to draw you deep within them to join them.”
“To join them?”
“I hear them talking. Some of them believe they cannot defeat you so they will have you join their numbers. Together you will ride the world and conquer all. Your light added to theirs makes a formidable combination.” He stops to look at Lexie. He smiles sympathetically then turns back to me. “Are you finished with the Olympian Caves?”
How did he know? I turn to my friend, “Lexie?”
“She did not tell me, I travel the winds. I see all for myself. Are you nearly finished?”
“Shortly they will be operational.”
“They will fail.”
“What?”
Both Lexie and I speak the same word.
“Lucian travels the air. You may defeat him. He appears the greatest threat, but he isn’t. Halflings circle the core. Only one is strong enough to breech the surface and that one has a powerful seer as an ally. At this moment, the seer is starting the transfer to join the other and live as both Halfling and seer. That combination can produce hundreds of Lucians. You must kill this seer before the caves are active. If not, all will perish.”
I gulp to clear the large lump in my throat. Catastrophe rears its head in the form of my earlier mission which I put off to come here. It all made sense. Still, to do something so heinous as to murder a child, unthinkable, but it has to be done. Cassie has to die or my family dies. I turn to make my way back to the surface. For the first time since the courtyard, I feel the ground beneath me and the spirits within it.
“Nista.”
His voice stops me, bringing me out of my haze. I turn.
“It will take the greatest sacrifice to save your world,” says Aeolus. “Even now the tide is moving against you. Defeat the seer and touch the throne, these are the only ways to win. I wish you success and pray your family survives.” He smiles, mocking me and mine.
“No!” fire burns in me. Sweat drips from my pores. I hear the voices in the ground swell at my feet. “NO!”
“Nis?”
I point an accusatory finger directly at Aeolus. “That is not the only way to save my family and you know it. You have the power to save them right here. Explain to me why you refuse to help your brethren.”
“Nis!”
“No,” I push from her embrace, “you tell me. You have all this and you are not going to lift a hand to help us. Why?”
A slap comes from nowhere to land hard across my face. The force of it turns me completely around. No matter, I have the ground at my feet. I have power to match his. I scowl. “Why?”
He stays stoic. Again a slap whirls me. I recover and with Lexie lunging at me, I lunge with speed and hands straightforward. I am going to grab him and rip him to shreds for not helping my family.
I push past Lexie intent on bodily harm. Seconds later I find myself inside a box with bars for walls. I try slowing my momentum but run into the bars. Instantly the box shrinks around me to hold me captive. With hate and vengeance in my heart, I shake the bars and scream. I want to kill him, to pop him, to shred him into a million pieces. I scream again and shake the bars like a madwoman. I call upon the ground swell at my feet to assist me. Spirits rise up my ankles to speak to me in rushed whispers. They tell me to attack, to kill, to shred. I aim to do their bidding. I shake the bars again, hatred filling my heart. The room widens to cave walls. At the edges I see eyes peering at me. I see mouths forming evil smiles. I hear their whispers.
“NIS!”
Electricity flows around me. I tingle all over. I ready to fire my new energy and shatter this fake Oracle. I will destroy it all. What good is any of it if it can’t be used to help my family. My fingers glow ready to fire. I think of a thunderbolt and can feel it fashioning in my hand.
“NIS!”
Lexie’s voice catches me offguard. Aeolus runs to me and grabs my head through the bars. He opens his mouth and latches on to mine. I feel a transfer of energy between us. I feel a drain in my core. The voices fade. The mouths and eyes in the walls fade. The room narrows. As he continues to hold me in his grip with his mouth pressed to mine, I think of Roland and his kisses. I envision him standing there kissing me. I reach out and grip his back to press him closer, longing for more of his kisses. The bars fade. I move closer as if to go through him, as if I can fall down his throat into his core and live there forever. I kiss and kiss and kiss. Finally, I collapse in his arms.
“Roland,” I say breathy.
I look up at the man who holds me. It is Aeolus. He smiles at me. I should be shamed by the act, I’m not. I right myself to face him and Lexie who makes a low guttural sound to alert me of her presence.
“Sorry,” I say, not feeling sorry at all. What can I say?
“I’m the one who is sorry,” says Aeolus. “I stirred you up to remove the connection. They can no longer find you. I give you this warning, they are searching and I have showed you the way. Do not consume Marshon in any form. Calling on that power calls them to you. You are only the tenth person in our history to touch the throne and live. Should it happen again, you may be lost forever.” He turns to Lexie. “Forgive me for endangering your sister. There was no other way to save her.”
“I forgive you.”
“Take her back, it is time for her to leave us. She has a mission to complete.”
I stand taller. “Yes, I do.”
Lexie faces me with sadness. “I’m going to miss you, Nis. I wish I could be there at your side to rid the world of Lucian. I should have believed you from the start. I’m sorry I didn’t. It was—”
“I know what it was, Lex. Let’s go.”
Lexie takes my hand. We bow to the Oracle. I watch him make the change back to flame. It doesn’t happen all at once, first he fades to a dim view of a man. His clothing falls away, burnt by a flame that shoots upward from his feet. The flame eventually burns all of him away until there is nothing left of the man. Before it finishes its work, I stare at Aeolus’ arm. There I see the outline of a tattoo just before that part of his body erodes away. It is our wave tattoo, the one worn by Master Sole, Lexie, and others of his sect. I am right, this man is one of us, possibly the most powerful of us. Aeolus’s feet must be near the throne, he is definitely in touch with the Great Well of Life. Lexie is in good hands. It warms me to know that. As my belly warms I feel a tug and just like that, we rise into the crushing void. Instead of landing at the well’s entrance, we stand in front of the red door. Lexie places her hand on it and it vanishes. We step through to find ourselves in the long hallway at the base of the castle. As tired as I am, I turn to the outside door to leave.
“It’s the middle of the night,” says Lexie, stopping me with a gentle hand to my shoulder. “Let’s get some sleep. You leave in the morning.”
“All right.” Sleep is the answer to my weakness, I look forward to it.


Chapter 27: Journey Home


Lexie and I talk a few minutes before exhaustion overtakes us. We drift. I’m sure she has as many questions on her mind as I have. I rest with the knowledge that every question will not have an answer.
I wake before her and quietly pack. It takes all of ten seconds. With my Sonsai at my side beneath my shirt, I am ready to travel home. Lexie weighs on my mind. The thought of leaving her behind means ripping part of my flesh and leaving it. How can it be done?
“Hey.”
“Hey,” I respond. How long has she been looking at my blank face?
“Let’s have breakfast and get you moving. Ready?”
“Yeah.”
We stroll into the great hall to view everyone seated and feasting. Our first time here they all stopped to stare at the strangers, this time, they speak in loud voices while shoveling food into their ever-moving mouths. It is quite a change.
Lexie leads me to a table and we sit. I view my plate of food and am not surprised it is the same meal as yesterday, only without the bread and honey. I so want to taste it again but know I can’t because of its devastating effects. I am so lucky Aeolus was there to help rid me of that dark power. Still, I long to taste it. I sense it calling to me as if it were alive and needing me. Add to that the occasional flash of my lips to Aeolus’s and I’m close to becoming a basket case.
I shake all bad thoughts from my head and eat. Lexie falls in step with the others grunting and shoveling as if it is the norm. Yes, these are definitely her people. She demands more bread and honey, so does the woman on the other side of me. Anger flares in me—they callously eat their dipped bread in front of me without thought to my plight. I want to say something about it. As I ready, someone calls the woman next to me. I quickly grab her bread and put it in my lap. My ears burn. My face heats. My pulse races. Someone sees, I know it. I surreptitiously look. Everyone eats. Thank the Heavens, no one saw. I’m safe.
Sonsai bags are enchanted with the power to shift sizes, I enlarge it to hold the small loaf of bread. Sweat drips from my lip into the bag sitting on my lap. I want to eat that bread so badly. Looking around again, I lean over and quickly grab the small bowl of honey.  I chant a covering spell to keep it from spilling and shove both into my bag. With a quick tap, the bag shrinks again. Though I have not taken a bite, I soar to the clouds as if I have. One day I will eat it and it will be heavenly.
After breakfast, they say goodbye to me. Lexie walks me up the narrow path between the trees on the blackened road. We stop to sit on a bench. Looking back, I marvel at the city below us. I store away its image in my head. Next, I store my friend’s image, that is, if I can’t persuade her. I have to try.
“Lex?”
“Yeah.”
“Come back with me.”
Lexie lowers her head. I will feel better if she looks me in the eye. Instead she concentrates on kicking a rock at her feet. I might have imagined it but I believe the physical distance between us increases—a sign of things to come. Her nose crinkles. Lines appear around her eyes in a dark and ominous manner. Slowly she lifts her head, her eyes are the last to roll upward and look at me. She gulps.
“I can’t, you know that.”
Her words are soft as if they will impact me less. They fall like a hammer to smash every drop of blood from my heart.
“I don’t mean forever, Lex. Just for Olympia. We need you there. I need you there.”
“There are things I haven’t told you, Nis. Things I am told not to say.”
“What? Tell me!”
“The Oracle saw the battle when he was seven. He has tried to see it again but couldn’t until I arrived. What he knows is that our people survive because we don’t fight with you.”
“That makes no sense. With all that your people can do—”
“We would end up fighting for him. He would use our strength against us to hurt you. Listen. The Oracle said he saw two versions of the battle and most of our family dies if we fight. Lucian is too powerful and uses his name to great advantage.
“He showed me Cassie and Skylla. They combine with Lucian and the gathered horde . . . there is no way to defeat such power. And if I go with you, if I leave these grounds, I can never come back.”
“Yes you can. Just help at the beginning and then you can leave before the final assault.”
“No.”
“Yes.”
“No.”
“For the love of the Heavens, why not?”
“Because I will die, Nis. That is why. If I set one foot in those caves I die moments later. You understand? Moments later, not days, not years, moments. If I stay here I can protect my people for a lifetime. If I leave with you, I can’t protect anyone, not even myself.”
Lexie lifts her sleeves to show me the tattoo on her shoulder. I gaze at it and then see the tears pooling in her eyes. Looking back at her shoulder, I see a faded tattoo with an hourglass below it. The hourglass is not part of her original tattoo. I stare into her eyes for an explanation. She smiles.
“When we entered the Dark Territories the hourglass appeared. All of our people have them. It tells how much time I have before permanent shifting. If I leave here and the hourglass empties, I will be trapped there. If I am here when the time runs out, I transform and will have the ability to come back to this place because I will be tied to it like all the others.
“Every adult person you have seen no longer has an hourglass. They are all tied to this place on this side of the planet. That’s my destiny. To be here with my people in my ancestral home. If I give it up to go with you and my clock runs out, I’m doomed, Nis. Understand? I’m doomed, cut off from everyone forever.”
I reach over and hug her. She doesn’t have to explain any further and I am so sorry I made her share that much with me. I am selfish. “I’m so sorry, Lex. I shouldn’t have pushed.”
“It’s okay.” She breaks our hug and gazes at me with a perfect smile. The smile tightens. Her brows draw in to form a long frown. “Be careful. Promise.”
“Promise.”
“I have to get back. I love you and the rest of my family. Tell them for me.”
“I will. Good luck with your training. I’ll be thinking of you.”
With that, we rise and hug again. She escorts me a few more feet then hugs me for the last time. I don’t want to see her walkaway so I trudge forward through the narrow rabbit hole the trees form. I slightly bend and move forward, this time, the trees do not sway and attack as they had on our arrival. They remain in place, towering to the heavens to block out all but the thinnest of light to guide me forward. Halfway through I stop. I picture my friend’s face and glue myself to the spot beneath my feet. I can’t leave, not without trying one more time. Perhaps if I give a better argument and outline my plan? I turn. I go back down the path with no resistance. I reach the end and when I look back to find her and make my case, I only see trees encircling a grass field. No beautiful city, no beautiful people, no beautiful Lexie. Not even the blackened road that leads to the front gates of the city—it stops under my feet. Nothing.

#  #  #

I hear a whooshing noise and turn. I’m staring back at the entrance to the road in the Dark Territories. This is where Lexie began her journey by chanting.  The trees close to hide the entrance. I search for a few minutes and now stand here staring. It dawns on me that I have lost my friend forever. My best friend. I recount the few times we disagreed and fought over trivial matters. I wish I could have put that time to more productive use. Now that she is gone I am filled with regrets. I want to go back for her. I can’t. There is no path, no chant, no way to get to her. The forest has conspired to keep us apart.
Filled with anger, bitterness, and frustration, I lash out at the trees before me. My rage can no more be contained than my wild screams. I scream and wail on the trees. I feel punctures from the branches but don’t stop.  I can smell blood flowing from cuts but keep lashing out at my enemy. I fight until exhausted, and then, through tear-streaked eyes, I see the opening. My right hand stings and I bring it to my forehead to wipe my brow and eyes. I reach forward to make sure the tiny hole I see through the trees is not a mirage. My hand lands on a thorn and I scream in pain. I want to double over and scream again but I notice something new, the hole has grown wider. I look at my bloody hand and then the hole. Thinking, I come to only one conclusion and press my injured hand on a sharp branch that looks like a spear. I press harder to the point of drawing blood. Instantly the trees separate and I see the blackened road again and the tunnel. Joy springs in me. It is the leaves and limbs. They peppered us when we came through the tunnel the first time. I chuckle insanely then move forward. The road is there but it doesn’t glow nor do the trees show signs of life. Only the road appears. I stop to contemplate then, filled with regret, turn to make my way home. I know in my heart the city is no longer there or at least not visible for me anymore. I don’t need a hammer to hit me on the head and knock sense into me. I know. The deadness in the air surrounding the trees tells me. I increase my pace to go home and give my report. Lexie and her people are lost to me. Time to go home.
No, I’m not going home, I have a mission. Not only that, but I can take out my frustrations and rage while I battle darkness. Two for the price of one. I smile.
I leave the trees behind and listen as they reseal to hide their treasure. I hold Lexie in my thoughts and move forward in search of a victim to punish for taking her from me.


Chapter 28: Rhoak


To my joy, I reconnect with Miriam. We catch up on family business and then travel in silence. I don’t want to walk up the path to the house so we take Miriam’s suggestion of stealth by rear entry. We cross a hay field, I hate the stuff, it makes me itch and sneeze. Halfway through the field I cover my mouth to stifle my sneeze.
“The Heavens bless you,” says Miriam.
“Thanks.” I stifle another outburst then stop. “What is it?”
Miriam stops to stare ahead, craning her head in all directions. She reminds me of a bird in flight searching for easy prey.  She crinkles her tiny nose drawing her features to a sneer. “Wait, someone is here, hiding.”
A cold wind chills me as if someone walks on my grave. I stretch my hands forward to sense the ground before me and that which lies beneath its surface. The house lay ahead, I see it clearly and long to reach it. I forget to reach my mind out and search ahead of me, only thinking of reaching the house to end Cassie. I have been foolish.
“I sense something, but I can’t say what.”
“Wait here.”
Before I respond, Miriam sinks into the soil next to me. It happens so quickly it is as if she blinks out of existence. I barely catch her direction to know she descends. I continue scanning, thanking the heavens that Kie gave her to me. I take a cautious step forward in the direction of the house with my arms forward. Whispered voices come to me from ahead. I listen then dismiss them, it is two young boys searching for a third. Out of curiosity I fan to my left. My face breaks into a smile. The third boy hides behind a rock and snickers at the other two. They turn and move to him and he runs with gusto while they chase. It is heartwarming.
“Oh!”
The single word leaves my lips as I plunge downward beneath the soil. The tightness of the space crushes my lungs, pushing all air from them. A lightheaded feeling takes control of me and I nearly pass out while I continue falling for what seems ages. Falling without a breath in my body.
“Focus, sister.”
I hear the voice. It belongs to Kie. I follow the order and center as I fall. Comforting warmth surrounds me. Though I plunge to my death as if stepping off a cliff to fall on jagged rocks below, peace wraps me in its warm embrace. I surrender as I was taught to do and go with it.
I hit the ground hard, still feeling the squeezing pressure around me. I feel a stronger pressure at my right foot and the squeezing ceases. Though breathing is a comfort, peace can’t stop the searing pain that ripples through my spine. I believe I broke something, yet, I grimace without an outburst. Focusing, standing over me, a small face comes into view. It holds a tiny finger to its lips to silence me. I obey.
“There,” she whispers.
Miriam points her silencing finger to rocks. As I rise, I see that I am in a cave deep beneath Ebara yet I see perfectly as though light shines from every corner. By instinct,  I search for an exit but find none. I dust my clothing to free them of dirt. We move to an area of tall rocks and giant icicles—stalactites, jutting down from the ceiling. The surface is uneven.
“I followed him,” says Miriam, “he went back there.”
“Him?”
“A boy.”
“Come on.”
I lead the way, creeping forward. This is going to be good. A boy hiding in a cave. Why? And from whom? Carefully we go, slinking behind mountainous-sized rocks shaped like boulders, upside down icicles, and columns. At the far entrance I glimpse his back to me as he leans forward over rocks in a twisting sort of motion. I wonder what he is doing. I need to know and truth be told, I cannot believe it truly is a boy. Moving forward, Miriam catches my hand. I stop to listen to the rhythmic drops of water falling from the high icicles. It is peaceful, calming and a sound to be treasured. I sense no danger and turn to her. She smiles up at me and we walk hand in hand. I thought I was the shaky one. I guess in human form she reverts to a cautious little girl like all the rest of us.
Forward we march. I stop inside and plaster a friendly smile to my face. “Hello.”
The boy turns to face me with a look of shock on his thin face. I can’t say how he got here but it must have been by crawling because his clothes show the telltale signs of it. He wears a tattered blue shirt faded by time with dirt smudges throughout. The worn-out knee areas of his pants have mere threads connecting one side of the fabric to the other. He wears no shoes and his hair is sandy in tone and graced with a small amount of dirt.
I smile harder to show friendliness to the small boy.
“Who are you?” he searches my face.
“Arielle.”
“I’m Arielle,” I say. I can’t say who is shocked more, the boy at our appearance or myself at Miriam’s whispered advise. Why did she want me to lie? Why that name of all names? I start to speak and feel pressure at my hand. She doesn’t want me to counter her. I smile and nod. “Hello, who are you?”
For the longest time he stares up at me. I feel awkward and on display. Miriam squeezes harder so I keep still while he evaluates me. I judge his age at no more than ten, possibly eight. Finally he takes a step forward.
“I’m Rhoak.”
“Pleased to meet you, Rhoak,” I say.  Normally I extend a hand or hug as we often do in our official greetings. Something about the boy puts me on edge. There is something elusive about him. I need only look to Miriam to confirm that fact.
He smiles.
“What are you doing down here?” maybe a question or two will make me feel better about him.
“My job. I’m a farmer and this whole garden is mine to take care of.” He stretches his arms wide. I look about and swear nothing was here, but now, I see flowers growing about. I want to move forward to get a better look at them. “You want to help me water the flowers?”
I keep my eyes on him but wait for a warning from Miriam. I feel a slight pressure from her grip. “No, thank you. May I watch?”
“Okay.”
His face brightens. He turns back and picks up a watering jug. The strange movements he made earlier make sense. He must have been leaning over to water flowers. That is a relief. Thank the Mighty Heavens. There is nothing untoward watering flowers. I release a long held breath as I watch him water three potted flowers that sit on a rock in front of him.
I take a cautious step forward to identify the flowers. He has a mix of the most beautiful flowers. One of them is in my schoolbooks. I remember reading that it is extinct. How wonderful to find it here.
“Rhoak?”
“Yes?” he keeps his back to me, watering other plants.
“Those violet flowers, what are they called?”
“Oh, those,” he points, “they’re Terralates.”
“I bet they are hard to find. Where did you get them?”
“They’re not hard to find, they grow everywhere. They’re from our castle.”
“Oh, that sounds wonderful. Where is that?”
“Castle Black. They grow everywhere there …”
Rhoak continues telling me about the flowers while a seed takes root in the pit of my stomach. The seed grows with his words and I shudder with feelings of dread. Every inch of my skin contracts in one big cringe. The boy is so pleasant and talkative. He is the picture of youth and vitality, but I know better. Terralates are extinct and don’t grow in abundance as he states and Iden the Thirsty destroyed Castle Black almost a century ago. Something is wrong.
“… my sister loves them.”
I miss most of what he says. I enjoy the melancholy sound of his voice. For some reason I feel tired and want to sleep. It takes effort to shake it off and regain my senses. The word “trapped” comes to me. I shake my head more to discover a new predicament. Rhoak now waters plants at my feet. How did that happen? I’m now surrounded by flowers and the opening to the room has moved twice as far away. I didn’t move, did I?
Suddenly vines grow from the ground. They snake around my legs and spew acid into my flesh. I scream, falling to the ground in unimaginable pain. Rhoak stands over me with his jug, a sneer etched into his features. He pours water from a jug with stenciled lettering on its side. I think he wants to drown me. I turn my head to watch more of the vines push up from the ground. They wrap themselves around my body and caress me with all the warmth of a snake’s death embrace. They tighten. I hyperventilate, twisting.
It is at that moment that I see the light. While the vines force me deeper to the ground and possibly below it, I catch a glimpse of the flower near me. At its center is the face of a young girl surrounded by petals. She looks as if her portrait is set inside a flowered picture frame for all to see. Oh My Heavens. I can’t believe it. I see the rest of the flower drift from arms to leaves and back again in continuous fashion. These flowers aren’t flowers at all. This boy has captured them the way he has captured me. Perhaps they wandered into his sanctuary only to be blindsided and trapped. My hyperventilating reaches its zenith. My body churns as if twisted into a warped plant like the others. I don’t have long to live, yet fear subsides. I will not be defeated. I have a mission to complete. There is a way out of any trap and I will find the way out of this one.
I gather my strength to call on that around me.
“Focus.”
There it is again, a whispered voice followed by a soft pressure to my hand. I take a deep breath and hold it as the vines constrict to pull me deeper to the ground. The vines tear into me but I will not give them the satisfaction of a scream.
I find my center amid the pain and lapse into a state of grace as Master Kie calls it. I feel the tugging at my middle and know I have made contact with what lies beneath me. I call upon that power and it comes to me in a steady stream. I feel my body pumping up with new energy though it is not as grand as before. I push the air from my lungs and feel the vines constrict more. They think they have me, but they don’t. They will never have me. With a burst of energy, heat radiates from my center outward to wither and burn the vines from me.
Rhoak still pours at my feet. I push the burnt shards off me with both hands and climb to my feet, only to see him flee through an opening. Not so fast. I give chase around a corner and fling myself at his feet before he disappears through another opening. I knock him off his feet. He rebounds first with a glare to rival any I witnessed in my days. Was it my shock, or had his face actually reddened with hell fire to match the wall behind him?
“How dare you?” he thunders. His grip is like fire and tears scream after scream from my lips. Loosening his grip proves difficult. In the end, I free myself. He stands upon his haunches readying to charge me. Not so fast. I charge with a yell and all the power I can muster. He disappears as I fling myself through him only to roll and hit my back against the hard wall on the far side of the cavern. Rhoak stalks toward me with a wide grin. I keep still, gathering my strength. If I can convince him I am hurt maybe he will relent. Closer he comes with an ever-advancing grin of mischief. If I didn’t know it before, I know it now, I must stop him.
Rhoak reaches down and I arch upward for a death embrace. We roll. The power that shoots between us throws us in opposite directions. I acquaint myself with a new wall, but only for an instant. He will not win this battle. I am stronger and I have all of Ebara to draw from. He charges to within steps of me and stops. 
“Hokar!”
He smiles then shimmers. He sinks into the ground in a half-ghostly state. My heart drops because I wasn’t certain. He must have known because his smile grows wider.
“Yes,” he says, nodding.
I gawk at him and learn the truth. He is a Halfling, not a boy. I had been tricked. No matter. I resolve to destroy him all the more. His smile wavers before returning. 
“How did you know?”
“From things you said, obviously from your appearance now, and last,” I say with pride, “from your name. I’m not stupid.”
“Well,” he shrugs, donning a sympathetic look and changing back to his little boy persona, “I like smart flowers too. I think I will make you . . . a red rose with rainbow stem. Yes, that sounds lovely.” He moves toward me ready to stretch out and grab me.
“No!”
Suddenly, Miriam is there at my side. Hokar looks in her direction, searching for what he knows not what, but with malevolence. I don’t want to take my eyes off him but I have to see her expression. It will be a clue to my victory. I brave a look to see her smile. She no longer holds my hand. Miriam grips my shirt at my side. She releases her grip and winks.
Warmness floods me. Voices flood me. Somehow she shackled me. Now I glow with the brightness of the sun. Hokar’s expression shifts, he takes  a step back. “False Light!”
He didn’t know. He hadn’t seen me.
Hokar turns to flee. I move as fast as I can and lunge as he shifts to his spirit form. He will not get away. I grab him and dig in. This time, he screams. His wailing encourages me and I dig in deeper. I call on the power beneath and it swarms into me. I push it into the screaming spirit with all my might. As he screams and wails trying to escape, he becomes more and more solid. I push harder, my victory near. Suddenly, he lets out an ear-piercing scream and shatters into a million pieces.
A wind rises up to swirl around the cavern. The ground shakes as the wind gathers steam. One by one the flowers sweep upward into this circling tornado. I fear the worst. I follow a flower to watch it transform into a girl as it rides higher in the air. Near the top, she smiles down at me then circles the ceiling in a strange fashion with all the others. It is the girl flower from earlier.
My training kicks into gear. Immediately, I fall into my stance and thrust a hand into the soil while directing the other to the spirits. “Atollamous contay,” I shout over the wind. “Traineadoulous ecko tru. I release you. Rest in peace.”
The ceiling opens and they escape into a whirlwind. I climb to my feet and watch. Miriam wraps an arm around me and watches with a longing tear in her eye. I caress the top of her head. “I haven’t forgotten, Miriam.”
Miriam smiles up at me. “I know. Ready?”
“Ready.”
Miriam motions as if leaping and we rise. Again I feel the crushing and squeezing of air from my lungs. I see darkness and my head hurts. Something caresses me.
“I’m going to tell, False Light.”
Higher I go. Whatever it is that passed around me moves on. Higher I fly. The crushing stops. I open my eyes to find myself on the ground in the middle of the hay field. Looking up, I see Miriam’s face. I stand. “That wasn’t a cave, was it?”
“No.”
“I never left this spot?”
“Depends on your viewpoint.”
I look on the horizon to see Cassie’s house while mulling over the facts. I am standing where I was before. I don’t know all the ends and outs but I’m starting to piece together my physical and metaphysical worlds as Master Kie calls them. It is hard to envision that people move within the ground. You would think that the weight of the dirt would make it impossible, yet I have done just that, traveled within the very soil itself in order to meet and fight my enemy. Moving through dirt is the same as moving through air, only you do it in spirit form with only your mind as your limit. It is time for me to open my mind more so that I can do more. I intend to wipe out my enemies and make life safer for all. That is my pledge, so off I set on the road to ultimate victory. Enemies, tremble in fear, I am coming for you.


Chapter 29: Home Decisions


I was never happier to see Roland at that point. Without Lexie life is bleak but with Roland with me all is well. I beam. My heart races at the sight of him. The heat I feel causes me to shiver with embarrassment. If any of the others know of our allegiance one of us will have to move to a new family. Roland is a Master so it will of course be me that is forced out. I know the rules as well as anyone. None of it matters looking at him. I watch him turn to leave and my heart sinks. Why doesn’t he come and greet me at the gate with the others? As people come forward, I hug and bow with an empty heart, my mind traveling behind Roland wanting to beg him to return.
“Sister?”
“Master?”
“Did you hear me, sister?”
“No, Master Sole, forgive me. What did you say?”
“Master Kie woke briefly to inform the council but is no longer with us. He slumbers again.”
Master Sole keeps talking. His words careen through my ears into a fog and out again to no man’s land. Slowly it fades into background noise while all heat dies in me in favor of confusion and anger.
“Sister?”
“I’m sorry, Master. I am more tired than I believed.” I bow.
“Finish your greetings then go rest, sister.”
I greet a few others then make my escape to find Roland.
“Hey?”
Roland has his back pressed to the wall of a building and faces the double outer walls of our community. His right foot rests on the wall and he has his eyes closed in deep meditation.
“Hey.”
“Why didn’t you greet me, Roland?”
I walk up to him ready to hit him in his impressive chest. I stare up at his neck and the tattoo of his mother. She meets me with a look I will see reflected in her son’s dark gray eyes when I have the courage to look up into them. Slowly I let my eyes roll up. Gone is the rage and anger of a few moments ago. Heat of the curious kind builds in me. I want nothing more than to press my body to his to learn if he possesses the same heat. I want to so badly it hurts but don’t. I can’t. I stare in wonderment, on fire and with a dry mouth, incapable of squelching the fire in any place.
Roland surprises me with new facial features. He is no longer the tower of strength or stoic master, he seems to crumble. It feels wrong, yet right. He lifts his massive arms and instead of using them to harm, he places them on each side of my face with gentleness only he possesses. He lifts my face skyward. I stand on tippy toes to keep contact with the ground as my neck cranes upward. He kisses me ever so gently. I lose contact with the ground and my surroundings. It is his hands and then his arms at my waist pulling me closer that I feel. That and his lips that seem to want to devour and suck me dry, as if I were a demon he aimed to destroy with only the power of his lips.
He kisses me deeper and I swoon. I latch on for dear life. Not afraid of dying, afraid it will end.
Roland’s hands move closer up my body with the slowness of a slug. I want him to go faster to touch me everywhere, to devour me with his hands as well as his mouth. Slowly we descend to the ground. Not only can I feel his mouth and hands begin a knowledgeable report of my body but I also feel the ground beneath me and the spirits there. I listen to their nonsense, to their screams of pain and pleasure, to some of their pleas for assistance, and to some who never speak but I know they are there watching and waiting for a chance to attack and latch on to either of us. I should be alarmed, should alert Roland to their presence. I do nothing but enjoy Roland. I pull him closer to drown in him. Death is nothing, this is everything. I will gladly give all my life and stay trapped at the core for an eternity for more time like this. This memory will keep me warm for centuries to come.
As Roland’s hand finds the tender flesh of my belly, I hear a cough. Looking up I see Miriam floating in the building’s wall Roland had his back to moments ago. Seeing her brings a smile to my face. I gesture with my finger for another moment. Miriam smiles and vanishes. I am not going to spend time thinking of who it was, that would do weird things to me so I lose myself in Roland for a moment longer. Moments later I feel a slight tremble in the ground.
“Roland,” I break his kiss, gasping for breath and looking about. “Did you feel that?”
Roland tilts his head. His face draws into a frown. “Come on.”
We climb to our feet. Roland leads me to the front gate. I hear them before I see them. A horse carriage pulls to the front gate. A step is at the door. When it opens I feel a wave of energy go through me. It is so fast it alarms me. Something is wrong?
“Master Io,” says Roland.
I feel the heat from his breath on the back of my neck as he leans to whisper in my ear. I would have loved another kiss. Why do so many people have to be around at the worst of times? I take him in while staring ahead at Master Io. All traces of danger vanish but only momentarily.
“Scovan,” I say.
The last person I want to see steps down from the carriage. There he is—a skinny waste of human skin tucked inside a gray robe with short red hair. He looks at me and then runs his hand through his cropped hair. He does it just for me so I can see the chameleon tattoo on his upper forearm. So he got his marks, so what. Why should I care? He gives a tight vicious smile. That is what should have been on his forearm, that or a serpent, his true marks. I still remember him shattering my Hitton years ago. Never trust a snake.
Others travel behind the carriage. They move inside. We wait for them to pass and then move as a unit to greet our new arrivals. I make the mistake of extending a hand in friendship. “Scovan.”
He grips my hand extra tight, “Nista.” I hate the way he says my name through gritted teeth. He must spend hours practicing his scowl, tight smile, and talking all at the same time. It sounds more like Neeeesda than Nista.  Perhaps he is paying me back for not formally bowing or embracing him with a hug. He gets neither from me. I pull my hand back.
“Your scar is showing,” I say with amusement.
Scovan shakes his head. The thin scar on the right side of his face vanishes, replaced with smooth skin.
“Thank you for noticing. I know you care.”
“I don’t. Nice trick though. I see you have been applying yourself.”
“Yes, your memory keeps me going. I suppose I should thank you for the inspiration you gave me every night.” Another tight smile. The day he left us he received ten lashes, the last he made the mistake of turning and received a lash to the face. Even in pain he tried cursing us as we watched his punishment draw to a close and took relief as he boarded a wagon bound to another family.
I return his smile. “True love,” I raise a hand to him and give a wicked smile, mocking the curse he tried using on us, “may you be forever happy together.”
I mock a kiss then turn and move to fall in line with the others to greet Masters from our sister family. I feel his loathing behind me. It warms me inside and makes a dreary day better. If I can’t be with Roland, I will be here torturing a snake instead. I smile more.
We hurry into Saral Hall to eat and converse. I make a side trip then enter with the last of our new brothers and sisters.
I sit at my favorite table with a stack of books at my side. I breathe in the turtle soup before me. I love the smell more than the soup. It is more of a comfort food to me than sustenance. The Foothills of Talbeth run wild with turtles. I take another whiff to chase off my earlier encounter. It is heavenly.
“May I sit here?”
Scovan smiles doggedly at me. I hate his crooked teeth with a passion. He always reminds me of air demons by way of his smile. I smile back so as not to alert him of my feelings. The soup worked its magic and now here he is undoing it all.
“Sorry, I have study assignments I have to get through before morning.” I offer him a seat on the other side of me. We usually reserve that side for the least of us. We always want to sit facing our leaders. Every ounce of encouragement they give us goes straight to our heads.
Scovan looks and scoffs. He glares with every ounce of youth he possesses. I don’t care. I pay him no mind, returning to my piping soup to sweep me away from his presence. I sip extra loud. He turns to go around me. As he approaches he swipes at me. I'm not the intended target: my books fly beneath the table in a clatter that causes heads to turn toward us.
“Oops, sorry.”
Scovan gives the most pathetic smile. His cheeks flush red with fake shock and embarrassment. “I’m so sorry, sister. Let me help you.”
He bends to assist me. I stick out my hand to stop him. I smile and pray it shows no animosity my colleagues can detect. “That’s quite all right, Scovan. No harm done.”
“Well, if you insist.”
“I do.”
Scovan gives a bow to me then moves off. I watch him knowing every eye watches me. It takes everything in me to stay calm and quietly pick up my books. I lift my head after stacking them to see many eyes still on me. Most are from students but I know the masters that eat are watching as well. I smile at all then find Scovan’s table. I smile and nod to him then pick up my spoon for more of my soup. I relish every spoonful. All the while blessed in the knowledge that I know something they don’t. The books at my side are for a purpose—Miriam sits on top of them. She spends her time gazing about the room with sharp eyes framed by a scowl. I ignore her. As long as she doesn’t disapprove of my handling of Scovan I am good to go.
Sometime later more masters come in, the others rise to greet them. I think they will sit again but they take the stage directly in front of their table. My left foot taps a few times before I gain control of the muscles and put a stop to it. For them to take the stage means this is not going to be good. No good news comes during meals. Only bad. I look to Roland hoping he meets my eyes and gives me an early warning as to what this is about. Roland stares at his feet and if my eyes ring true, he blushes and shifts as if he feels me on him. I gulp as Master Io comes forward.
“Sisters and brothers,” bellow the tall dark man. I often wonder why his sleeves never cover his forearms like the others, perhaps it is for effect? I know they draw my eyes to his tattoo: a high wave ready to crash into the unknown before it. “I have come from our sister camp to bring news of disaster. Lucian the Deceiver is coming.”
Low whispers turn into loud moans of worry.
“Quiet!”
A wave rolls over me and more than likely throughout the room. Master Io does not take to chattering heads well. We hush so he can continue.
“The Deceiver has emerged and is among us, no debating is necessary. Lord Master Cronus needs a diversionary offensive to keep Lucian at bay during the final days of construction. Our sister family will take up positions in Hador Valley. Masters Guan and Roland will accompany me with their apprentices to begin infusing the rods. We leave in the morning. As to the rest of you, Master Sole will take on Master Kie’s charge along with Scovan.”
My head whips to Scovan who grins devilishly. He knew all along. Of course he did, he arrived with them. Miriam grips my arm in case I bolt toward him. I do not respond to him, instead, I turn to see Roland on the stage staring at his feet as before.  I see Master Io point to one of the new recruits that came with him, a girl who looks to be fifteen. She is too old for training. Not only that, but her dark hair is streaked with white. That’s not our custom. Neither that nor the way she gazes at Roland. Obviously he knows as well. Did he know in the alley? Heavens Roland! Why wouldn’t you tell me?
The rest of the meeting escapes me. It is only their leaving that I refocus. I can’t believe it. Never imagined. Lexie is gone so it makes sense that it will be Roland and I working together. Yet he is going with them and taking someone new to train. What if they become close? What if she distracts him at a crucial moment and something happens to him while there? My head hurts from so many what ifs.
Miriam waits until the stage clears before releasing her invisible grip on my arm. I leap from my table to hurry behind Sole and Roland. Fortunately they enter an anteroom. I push through with shaky fingers stemming from a mixture of lust, confusion, and anger. I need Roland.
“Masters,” I bow.
Master Sole stands behind a desk with Roland standing on the other side. “Sister?”
“Forgive me. I have an inquiry.” Again I bow.
By the way he turns up his face he already finds me a disappointment and may request a new apprentice to train. I am not Lexie and have none of her social skills. I should think and practice these but there is no time. I have to have Roland.
“Make your inquiry.”
“I thought that Roland could be my teacher, Master. We have spent years training together. We are the perfect fit, Master.”
Sole stares for a moment. I hold out hope as long as he doesn’t speak, it means he is thinking, reviewing my case and that can only be to my benefit. Roland remains beet red staring at his feet. It is so unlike him. “Sister, I am sorry. Master Io is here for a purpose. Master Roland’s talent secures the caves. He and Master Guan play an integral part in our victory. Is it your wish that we should fail?”
“Of course not, Master. Success to my family.” I brace not daring to look him in the eye as I ready for my next question. It is directed at Master Cronus but since he can’t spare a moment for his family, Sole will have to do. I burn with loathing for Cronus but can’t let it show. Already Roland’s body tightens anticipating my attack on his hero. “Master? We and our sister family are the only ones in the area. If they pull from the villages like we have, we leave them vulnerable to attack.” I hold my head low. I gulp. Already I feel a cold wind and prepare for the mental slap that will come my way. I brace and pray.
“All the families are gathering for this final assault,” says Sole.
My heart nearly ripped itself free of me. Every nerve ending in my body stands on edge. How can they do such a thing? It is suicide. I call on my training to squelch the fire that rages in me. Though I try, sounds of maniacal laughter waft to me. We are doomed. I can see the townspeople far and wide, running and screaming, chased by demons of air and land. My cheeks flame. My eyes roll up to stare into his. He knows. I know he knows.
I spread my legs apart with fists balled, ready to fight.
“ALL THE FAMILIES?”
“All,” says Sole, not wavering one bit.
“We are killing them for this . . .” Roland grabs my hand to stop me. I pull it loose. Rage consumes me. I burn.
Master Sole moves into my space ever so slowly. He places his arms on my shoulders. He presses down while we stare into each other’s soul. I will not blink first, I vow it. I ready to fight but there is no fight. His dark gray eyes take on a softer color. They seem to dance. I find peace in them.
“Sister,” he speaks softly. “My heart burns with sorrow because I can’t do anything about it. Yes, some will perish and others transform. We can’t help them until the platform is ready. If we fight now we lose brave warriors that we will need for the final assault. We must sacrifice some of the people to eternity in order to achieve our ultimate victory. I have cried many nights knowing that news and have only now informed others. Those that do not need to know will stay unaware. I swear you to silence, sister. We will bear this burden alone and we will make them pay.”
I nod. It pains me deeply.
“I understand, Master. If I can’t go with you, may I have words with Master Roland before he departs?”
He shakes his head.
I turn, dejected. Between my sorrow for lost souls and Roland, I have to get out of here before I break down. Roland clears his throat and stops me. I turn trying desperately to mask my hope.
“Sister Nista’s talents will prove useful, Master.”
Again Master Sole thinks while staring at me. The way they do it is a subtle art. I have no doubt he views the problem at every angle and pays no attention to me. Still, I put on my best expression of hope and try to bore into his thoughts to aid my cause. He blinks.
“Leave us, Roland.”
Roland bows and leaves the room. I stay in place and feel him brush against my back. It feels wonderful. When the door closes I move closer.
“Master Kie told me the truth of your mission. I did not want to reveal it in Roland’s presence.”
“Thank you, Master. I don’t want him involved.”
He nods, fully understanding all. He is a master for a reason and I need to learn to trust and lean on his wisdom. I take a breath. “Scovan has the talent you need to assist you. He is not as good as Sister Lexie but he is skilled enough. He will assist you. Sit, so we can discuss your plan. You leave at first light. And believe me, if you are not successful, neither will we be.”
If I can’t be with Roland, at least I have something to take my mind off of him. Nothing serves as a better distraction than a good fight. I sit and listen.


Chapter 30: Games


With Hokar and Rani out of the way that leaves only Skylla and Cassie. I revisit Aeolus’s words and weave them into my plan. It can work. I can win. First Cassie must be taken care of. After, I can focus on Skylla and Lucian. Combating them together will take place at the caves with my family fighting with me. But to get to that point I have to do what I have not wanted and tried to put off—lay a child to eternal rest. I can’t say the words aloud. The finality of it all bothers me and makes me think it and I are completely wrong. But I know the truth. I see it firsthand.
It has to be done.
Scovan accompanies me to Cassie’s house with Miriam moving ahead of us to travel through the soil and alert us of potential danger lying in wait to trap us. I would rather have Lexie as backup but that is not possible. Scovan doesn’t have the tact or improvising skills of my friend but Master Sole assures me he has her chameleon ability and that is what I need to infiltrate and destroy Cassie. I point to the hills in the distance and then move to take the route that leads to a hay field.
“Look,” glares Scovan, running before me to stand in my personal space, nearly eyeball to eyeball with me.
I close what tiny distance remains. “What?” I say through gritted teeth. We are not off to a solid start. The masters want us to work together but that will be virtually impossible. I don’t like him and don’t trust him.
“You might think your hot stuff and have the approval of Master Sole but I outrank you and you will follow my lead. Is that clear? I lead!”
His gray eyes grow slightly larger with dark tinges at their outer rims. His breath is foul and teeth stained. He moves without waiting for my response.
“Is that clear?”
“Sure,” I say sideways.
“You are the one with the great plan to sneak up on her from behind. The only way to do that is to go through the marshes. I grew up there, I know the way through them. Keep your mouth shut and follow me.”
“Sure,” I shoot back, nearly whistling the word through gritted teeth and another sideways tilt of my head. If I didn’t need him to show me the way . . .”
“Come on.”
I stare at the back of Scovan’s red head. I don’t like or trust him and want nothing more than to partner with Lexie. Why couldn’t Roland partner with me instead of a fresh recruit? It makes no sense to me. I keep making small noises—grunts behind his back. He will know how much I detest having to work with him. I grunt louder. He looks back but I see no shock or anger or dismay for that matter, does he know what I'm doing? Is he that dense?
The area is classic marshland. At the far end, a tree has fallen. The tree is as thick as my waist with its roots covered in dirt and spread about as if they are fingers reaching outward for something to grasp. A stream of water flows next to it with trees lining each side. I wish there were ducks or birds to see but nothing appears alive and there is a distinct smell of death in the air. I watch ripples form and travel down stream only to be stopped by an upturned tree in the center. All sorts of waste gathers near it as if caught in its web for the purpose of holding or perhaps hiding something waiting to grasp the unsuspecting.
We keep moving down the bank until the body of water narrows into a small brook we can cross.
“Not there, idiot,” yells Scovan.
“Are you kidding me?” I huff.
Scovan rolls his eyes and has the nerve to shake his head in disapproving fashion. He moves along its edge for several feet before turning to cross at some mystical point he no doubt concocts in his head. At the same time he stops, I stop. I cross closer to my point in concert with him. What a pathetic person he is, thinking everything has to go his way on his schedule. No, this is my mission and I make the rules.
All goes well for the first part of my crossing. The white water rushes around my feet giving a cool sensation. I think of the bathhouse and its cold waters. After another step my left leg feels heavy, then my right. It is as if I am stuck in some type of quicksand and sinking yet water only covers my feet. I try lifting my left foot out of the water but can’t. Ahead, Scovan advances without looking in my direction. With his back to me, I hold out an arm in his direction to beckon him to me. Thinking better of it, I stop. No. To tell him means to admit he knows better and I should have listened to the monster in the first place. I’m not asking for help. I can solve this on my own. I don’t feel a loss of energy so I know it isn’t a demon attacking me. I have time to solve this and will.
I take a deep relaxing breath as my master teaches me. I focus on the problem at hand by removing myself from it. It is as if I float above myself to inspect my surroundings. Though I see from high in the clouds, I remain connected to the power at my feet and call upon it. I listen to their whispers with my eyes closed. I see a Nix, a creature akin to mermaids, gliding just beneath the surface of the white water, circling me. How is that possible? Yet it is there, long and sleek like a serpent, the distorted body of a nude woman with long legs and arms fastened to her sides. They are female sea creatures granted access to water because they died in some body of water decades ago. It takes decades of begging for the privilege while they live on the ocean’s seabed as ground scum. This small brook must feed into one of the major rivers, perhaps the Styxx or Acheron, that is the only explanation. More importantly, Scovan knows. He has to know. This is his homeland. When I open my eyes, I have the answer and see it just as quickly—white water is at my chest. The water level is nowhere near ankle depth. How had I been deceived? No matter, panic is the killer. I call upon ghouls buried in the deep to rise to aid me. They rise beneath my feet and lift me up to the water’s true edge while the Nix circles. They make a bridge on the brook’s floor for me to walk across to safety. When I reach the safety of land, I wave my hand and mouth a prayer to lay them back to rest. I give a tight smile to the Nix, I know she hates she can’t attack until her prey is completely underwater, but those are the rules—if air touches her she dies—too bad for her. I move to catch Scovan who never turns.
I hate his short red hair and the way sunlight bounces off his extra white scalp. The back of his head crinkles every so often as if a worthy thought entered that menagerie. Impossible.
“Scovan?”
“What?”
“Where are we?”
He stops and I feel his eye roll with his back to me. I see his hands move in and out of fists. He turns with a smile so far from his eyes it gives me shivers. “We arced around and will be there in minutes. The field is ahead of us.” He resumes walking.
“Wait.”
I hurry alongside him to go over our plan once more. It was fine-tuned before leaving but another round wouldn’t hurt. For this, I will bear his ill will. This is for my family and for my world. Not even Mardour itself will deter me.
It takes a short while longer to reach the hay fields. Ahead, I hear shrieks of laughter. It is definitely a girl’s shriek and more than likely Cassie’s. We stroll through the tall stalks with laughter as our guide. More and more my heart pounds knowing Cassie is ahead of me and she has no idea I am approaching. With adrenaline pumping through me I motion for Scovan to leave me so we can begin our plan. Today is Cassie’s day to die. My breath increases with the pounding of my heart. I know it is wrong but can’t help it, it thrills me. The excitement of it all. I feel more alive than ever and it is the danger. No sane person will deny it. I nearly float on air making my way forward. The added knowledge that it is a seer I am taking on makes it all that more thrilling. Shouldn’t she know when her time is up? Shouldn’t she know when, where, and how she will leave this world?
That has always been the reason I never wanted to be a seer. Most are blind to their fate but happily tell you yours. What a waste of a talent. I prefer to take my fate in my hands and squeeze.
The laughter turns out to be Cassie playing jump rope with two girls. Closer examination of their vacant eyes reveals the girls are zombies, unable to resist her power and rise to do her bidding. They are different from the everyday ghouls of our world. Our ghouls are still alive and in search of the living to steal their life force to return to full human status. These are mindless playthings raised to do the bidding of their master. I crouch low to listen to Cassie’s laughter as she jumps while they twirl their ropes about her. They all seem so innocent, so full of life, so happy and carefree. It is only when you step back to see the big picture you realize the scope of Cassie’s power. Yes, far off, she jumps rope and is happy. Up close, with one look at her friend’s lifeless eyes, her madness is evident.
She stops jumping but keeps laughing, twirling about. She kneels to pick up a towel to wipe her face. Her back is to me.
“You can come out, I see you.”
Heavens. I hadn’t counted on that. I rise and make my way from behind the stalks with a wide smile. “Hey, Cassie. How are you?”
“I’m good. You want to play with me?”
“Um, yes. Of course.”
“Take off that,” she points with raised eyebrows, “and that.”
I wear a black skirt and shirt with an overcoat. My Sonsai bag is at my waist. I drop the coat at my feet and with her eyes honed on my fingers, I remove my bag. She watches with excitement as it drifts to my feet. The glint in her eyes grows to match her ear-to-ear grin. Seconds later it all vanishes as her face twists into something more dangerous and foreboding. My eyes never leave her face. Hers travel the length of my body as if I wore a hidden dagger or bag of tricks from her view. When satisfied with her search her face breaks into a wide smile as if the incident hadn’t occurred.
“We were playing Double Dutch but now that you are here we can play Four Squares.” She turns to them, “You may rest now.”  I watch them bow before sinking into a hole that forms at their feet. Thank the Heavens for that—she is not all bad if she remembers to lay her dead to rest. “Come with me,” I hear her say. I wonder how deep her dead go, they looked well preserved. I wonder if she keeps them in a secret place. I add that information to what I know for later review. If someone not as skilled raised them they would become mindless ghouls and attack and eat the flesh of anyone they come across. It is forbidden for anyone below the level of master to possess the knowledge needed to raise them. If ever I need an incentive to perform my job, there it is.
Cassie turns on her heels to move to the other side of the bench. Coldness reaches from the ground to ensnare me. It creeps up my legs and takes residence in the pit of my stomach. I struggle to keep moving and remain calm while it births something that seems to uncoil in my belly, something that makes a direct attack upon my heart. I feel my heart beating louder and faster. The thuds crash so hard I clutch my chest.
Cassie cranes her head behind her to view me while she moves forward. It is the most unusual of senses, as if I watch her body move forward while her head swivels completely around to view me, then swings back around. I nearly faint from the firing of every nerve in my body.
A hand squeezes my heart. Oh Heavens! It's a trap! She saw me coming a mile away. There is no doubt whatsoever that this seven-year-old child is a true seer and a dangerous one at that.
“Here we are,” she turns with a bright smile.
I stop to get my bearings. I lower my hand from my chest and give my best smile though it trembles at its edges. If she were an air demon I would simply grab her and squeeze, problem solved. It is something else to deal with an actual person. Throw in her age and cuteness and I may be a goner. I smile harder then take in my surroundings. Somehow I walk from the back of her yard into a darkened room, yet, I am still outside. I look up to see a dull sun shining in the distance as well as trees. I clear my throat. “Where are we, Cassie?”
“Just a courtyard I play in. Do you like it?”
“Yes, it’s nice.”
“Thanks, it took forever to get it right. Okay, this is your side and this is mine over here. We each get ten players and I go first.”
Cassie backs away from me. Instantly a center line paints itself in white on the ground between us. I watch her back up and turn her head about. Her blond locks toss about her head as she searches the ground with a pensive look. She stops and smiles. Redness fills her cheeks and she jumps and claps.
“Caleb Toms! I choose you. Come forth!”
An anthill towers from the soil flinging dirt from its center. It rises two feet off the ground. A gray hand comes out, a second follows and together they lift the frame of a rested soul from its sleep. The soul stands five feet tall in tattered clothing. Cassie touches his shoulder and his clothes become clean and new, so does his face. He is a handsome young man of perhaps fifteen. He bows to his shorter master. Wickedness washes over both their faces.
“Your turn,” she says. I can’t say if it is the smile or eyes that alarm me more. What I know is that my confidence peeks—directly behind her and to her right stands Miriam. I smile.
“I thought we were playing Four Squares?”
“No, Red Rover. It’s better, besides, you can’t play that game too well, can you?”
Cassie is right about that, Roland, Lexie, and Rue tear me to pieces every time we play Four Squares. I hate the game but will play it to keep her occupied while Scovan carries out the rest of our plan. I pray to the Heavens he does not let me down. I step back to scan the ground at my feet. A voice calls to me.
“Hello, hello.”
I stretch my hands as Master Kie taught me. My lips don’t move but I speak nonetheless. “Who are you?”
“Fancy. I know you are playing. Please, can I play? Please!”
I wave my hand more. It is a woman that calls to me. Why does she want to play a child’s game? It has to be a trick. I dismiss her to focus on the girl several feet below her. I like her smile. How I know she is smiling is beyond me, but it is so innocent and so real, I know she is the one. I know she loves the game.
“Please,” says Fancy, “I have been here for thirty years, please let me see the light for only a moment. I will do my best. I remember the game. Please.”
I consult my ally, Miriam shakes her head. It is only a slight shake. Maybe she thinks she is too old. I step back.
“Fancy Call, come forth and live again.”
Dirt bubbles up like before. Miriam comes beside me and watches. I give a glance to Cassie to make sure she doesn’t see Miriam, Cassie never acknowledges her. We watch the dirt give way to a set of arms that push against the ground to haul a thin frame from its confines. Fancy stands a few inches higher than my five-foot frame. I look to Cassie who waves her hand at my side of the line as if in disgust at the sight before her. The little demon even rolls her eyes at the same time. Instantly, Fancy transforms from the dirty skeletal creature with shabby clothes to her younger self. She is forty-six with long red hair and green eyes. She wears a white dress with low collar and gold jewelry on her right wrist and ring finger. She marvels at her transfiguration. I can’t be more pleased, to have lived for thirty years in the heart of the planet as nothing more than bones and then to have a body again. I am happy for her and glad I chose her for my team.
“Thank you,” says Fancy.
“You’re welcome.”
“Thank you, too,” Fancy says to Cassie.
Cassie curtsies. She then looks around the ground for her next pick, another boy. I chose the girl I wanted to pick earlier. We go back and forth until each side has ten members—I chose an even mixture of boys and girls while she chooses all handsome boys. Each of us stands at the end of the line. By the way she positions herself, Cassie will not take part and hold hands with the others but instead directs them. She begins.
“Red Rover, Red Rover, send Luther on over.” Each of her players takes the hand of the next to form a long line of evil faces and clutched hands.
I hold the hand of the girl next to me and feel a current through all my players. I order Luther to advance and guide him with my eyes to where I see two boys with not so tightly knit hands together. Luther runs at them with a howl of his twelve years. Excitement fills me. A split second before he hits the line, the boys’ hands fuse with their arms then grows three times in diameter. Luther fails, hung up like clothes on a clothesline. Cassie’s laugh cascades down her line with each of her members laughing the same eerie sadistic laugh. Luther, now infused into their number, joins their infectious laughter. All at once they stop.
“Your turn,” says Cassie. She giggles then takes the hand of the boy at her side. I see a spark move from hand to hand down her line.
I have only boys to choose from so I pick a blond near the middle, his is the first name to comes to mind.
“Red Rover, Red Rover, send Charlie right over.”
I send energy through my defensive line. We ready for her assault. Cassie grins. Her line separates and the boy rushes forward. Moments later, a second boy rushes toward us, then a third and a fourth. They move like racehorses, galloping and screaming. They break through our line so easily it is as if we are no more than wet paper.
“Cassie!”
“What?” she acts innocent.
“You can’t do that and you know it. Only one can come, you know the rules.”
“You said Charlie come over,” again with the innocent bewildered stare.
“Yeah, I did.” I point at the blond boy.
“Oh, I see. You didn’t pay attention, all of them are named Charlie.” She points to each. “That’s Charlie Jones, that’s Robert Charlie Price, that’s Charlie Toms, and the blond one is Malcolm Charlie Rowe. You should have said which one. I didn’t break the rules.” She claps her hands together. “Bring my winnings.” Each of the boys grab one of my boys, leaving me with four girls and Fancy while she has a team of fifteen boys. Again she smiles. “Ready?”
I feel anger rising. It is such a strong anger that I hear the voices beneath my feet when usually I don’t unless I’m concentrating. I ball my fists and set my feet apart.
“Cassie! Cassie! Lunchtime!”
Cassie bristles at the sound of her mother’s voice. It sounds as if her mother yells down a well. Cassie sneers at me. “We will finish this later.” She waves her hand to her group, “rest.”
I watch them return to the ground, all except for the ones I called. “Rest,” I echo. The remaining people sink into the ground. Cassie looks at me with a different look. I feel heat behind me for a fraction of a second. I want to turn but dare not take my eyes off Cassie. She has proven that she plays by her own set of rules and never tells what they are until it is too late. I watch and wait until she moves off. I wait another few seconds then turn to see a smooth wall behind me. I study it and think to touch it, instead I touch Miriam ever so lightly. “Time to eat.” My only cryptic words.
Miriam vanishes while I follow Cassie. I feel a chill and then find myself at the back of her house. I see an arm waving and hear her mother calling. We move together toward the house.


Chapter 31: Standoff


The faded dress she wears is just as drab as the gray one she wore at our first meeting. I love her long blond hair, it reminds me of Lexie so I indulge and stare a bit too long at her. Her smile holds a question so I drop my gaze and give my best smile.
“Hello, Lady Belsgammon.”
“Helga.” She insists. We move past her to enter the small house. “Druella!”
A figure shimmers into being at the front doorway. It takes the form of an elderly woman—her departed mother bound to the house at her death by Culling Masters. Her green dress is as faded as her daughter’s. It spreads around her like drapery, covering her feet and the ground beneath them. I well with fascination knowing she is about to move. It fascinates me to see returned souls moving about. The way they float off the ground is uplifting. To witness their legs making the motion of walking is deceiving, because if you looked closely you would see that most returned souls rarely make contact with the floor. Perhaps her dress has extra length to hide that fact? Who can say? I really don’t care. I wait for the order I know will come. “Tea, Mother.”
There it is. Druella nods and moves toward the small kitchen. These small houses intrigue me with their size. The painted walls are white and filled with black and gold letters, characters, and symbols. No matter which way I turn I see the writings and feel secure and safe. That is the comforting aspect of these dwellings. I watch the enchanted writing on the wall by Druella emit a slight glow as she approaches. The writing fades in her wake. When she leaves, I turn to the taller woman.
“She is lovely.”
“Thank you. I can’t get along without her.” Helga turns to Cassie. “Go wash up for lunch, Cass. And next time I call you, answer immediately, I barely saw you back there. What if a ghoul came along, I would never know? Stay in my presence from now on. Too much is going on for you to be gallivanting around back there.”
“Yes, mother.” The words seem odd coming from the seven-year-old child. She is so advanced for her age that I assume she no longer thinks of her mother as someone above her. I suppose I misjudged her in that one aspect. I turn to her mother after she moves off. “Is Journar home?”
“Oh Heavens, I wish. He is off with the others and that monstrosity above the old city. He says it is so hot they work without shirts. Heavens, I will be so glad when they finish.” Her face flushes. “Did you hear about poor Hansel? Demons lifted him off the ground and shredded him in midair as he walked home from hunting in the groves, eviscerated to give life to two of the monsters. I can’t believe the council isn’t acting against them. They have never roamed unchallenged in our history as they do now.” She stops with a red face. Her eyes fall to my waist and my Sonsai warrior’s bag, I guess she remembers who she is talking to.
I hate to be the cause of so much anguish for her. These are hard times so I can’t blame her for wanting the protective arms of her husband.  It is our job to keep the community safe and we slacked off to gather our forces in the caves for one giant battle. It’s good in theory but in practice it leaves the people unprotected. However, with a successful effort on our part, she will live in more peaceful times. That will have to suffice for now. I think a change in subject is in order.
“This is a beautiful home, Helga.”
“Thank you, mother and I have the hardest time keeping it in working order.” She beams to her approaching mother. Her mother returns the beam and nods.
“Thank you,” I say to her mother. She nods at me.
“Attend to the soufflé, mother. Make sure it is the correct temperature. I don’t want it ruined like last time.” Her mother bows deeper then shimmers into a mist. Her look is not a happy one. I believe she blames herself for whatever happened previously. I watch her move to the kitchen and am able to crane my head to see her go through the wall of the stove. I wonder what she does inside the small space. Does she go through the food as well to check how it is cooking? Does she circle around it and estimate? I wonder.
“The roast too, Mother.” Helga yells then turns to me. “It is so hard sometimes.” She lets out a long dry breath then leans back with a cup of tea. She slurps loudly then tilts her head back and closes her eyes. She looks serene, taken away from her present troubles to some distant land where only peace reigns. That is what we are trying to do for all citizens. The thought of having to let some of them perish in the meantime hurts my soul. Out of curiosity I lean forward to touch her and feel a light charge. The haze field that induced the good feelings encapsulates her. I grab for my tea and sip as hard as I can to chase bad thoughts from me. I lean my head back to look at the ceiling and the orange dots there, then close my eyes. The intoxicating tea works.
“Ready?”
I open my eyes to see Cassie standing before me wearing one of her impish grins. She holds a stuffed doll in her hand. When I look to her eyes I see danger.
“This is Homer.” Cassie holds up her toy. “Like my dress?” she twirls for me.
Not only has she changed, she arranges her hair in a bun with long string flowing from it. I nod and stand while she smirks. How much time passed while I stared at the ceiling? I nonchalantly check my bag as well as every part of me, knowing the demon, she could have stolen a leg or arm from me. Note to self, avoid tea while in the presence of evil.
“I told mother you were coming three days ago. She prepared her best meal just for you.” Again she grins while stroking her doll’s matching blond hair, holding it as if it were her baby. “Mother?”
“This way, Nista,” says Helga, rising from her seat and hurrying to the kitchen.
“Thank you.”
I sit at the table where Helga directs me.
Lunch consists of a roast, soup, and vegetables with a soufflé for dessert.
“Mother?” asks Cassie. The young girl sits upright and stares at her mother.
“Oh yes, dear. When will the caves be ready, Nista? We are anxious to have Journar home.”
“I’m not sure. My master says they are close to being finished.”
“How close?” asks Cassie.
Cassie doodles with her fork. She keeps her head low as if eating but her eyes keep moving up to me and to her mother then down again. Though the look is innocent, she isn’t and it gives me shivers. Something is wrong, terribly wrong. Many times I have asked questions with the same look. This girl is up to no good and trying desperately to hide it. The problem is that she is young and not experienced at manipulation and deceit as she thinks she is. I see through it all. Not being one hundred percent sure, I decide to test.
“Close.”
“If Journar can be home in days it will make me so happy,” says Helga, “Cass too.”
“I’m sure he will be fine until he returns. My master is cautious and cares about all in his employ. Don’t worry, Journar will return safely.” I pick up my bowl of soup to drink it down to keep from talking.
I watch Helga eating as though she weighs every bite in deep thought before bringing her fork to her lips. I look to Cassie with my bowl to my lips. Cassie watches me with an impish grin beneath her lips. She holds up her doll. The doll’s eyes open to reveal themselves as deep red in color. I’m drawn to it and feel hazy and don’t know why. I nearly drop my bowl because of the strange sensation. It is only by clenching it between my teeth that I hold it to my lips. I look to Helga who continues eating. Is she oblivious to her demon seed? Is this normal activity in this household? Cassie clears her throat to regain my focus.
“I hope my daddy can return home soon,” says Cassie.
The girl places the doll on the table. She points to the doll’s arms. Instantly the arms rise to stand straight out with the doll’s back on the table. The doll’s head swivels toward me, the eyes deep red and somehow wider and more menacing. The hairs at the back of my neck tingle. My scalp tightens and my throat goes dry as my heart speeds.
“Mother?”
“Have they placed the rods for the star?” asks Helga.
I want to look at her but dare not take my eyes off the doll. I fumble beneath the table to feel my bag. I open the drawstring to fumble inside my Sonsai, for what, I do not know.
“The rods,” says Cassie, echoing her mother’s question. “Have they placed them?”
“I’m not sure.”
I know I am correct. The little demon is pumping me for information. It takes effort to pretend to eat while sliding my black boots between cracks in the floor to make contact with the ground. I turn my feet, grinding them into the crack. I hear the whispers and sense the dead beneath me. I then raise my bowl with one hand while feeling for a pair of warrior sticks in my bag with the other. I discard them in favor of a large marble-like sphere. I grip it tightly and ready to throw it in the middle of Cassie’s pudgy face.
“We hear they are using Jameson Stone, is that true?” asks the demon. “It’s so beautiful, I would love to see some. Do you have any?” she places a finger on the doll’s belly. The eyes shoot upward at me and then back. It is so fast my bowl falls from my lips and clatters to the table.
“No.”
“No, you don’t have any or no they aren’t using it?” again her finger goes to the belly of the doll, this time the hands wiggle about as if reaching toward me to grasp and eat me. I shiver.
“I-I-I . . .” It takes forever to get a single word out. I think I might die. It takes everything in me to hang on. Just as her finger reaches to touch the doll again, I dig my feet deeper into the soil to call for help, “I . . . I don’t have any.”
Her finger hovers over the doll’s belly. It retreats.
“Mother, is the soufflé ready?”
“Mother!” bellows Helga in answer to her daughter’s plea.
Her mother carries cups of dessert on an oven tray. I see steam rising from the tray and know it is hot, yet she wears no mittens to protect her from burns. I have a feeling the tray comes directly from the oven. The scent wafts through the air to my nostrils to make me swoon with anticipation. I ache for it. My mouth waters in anticipation. Never have I salivated as much. I have to have that dessert. It is just that heavenly.
The returned soul sets the cups of cake on the table and we all lean-in to breathe in the scent. I close my eyes and float skyward with sheer delight. I steal another whiff and lift my feet from the soil. I so want to fly.
The ceiling is white and holds many orange pinpricks like most of these dwellings. One grows bigger and a minitornado twirls inside it. I feel it pulling me skyward. I so want to go inside it but something tells me not to so I resist. I gather my strength to face the attacker before me with resolve. Cassie’s grin vanishes, replaced with scorn. I look up again, the hole vanishes. Good. She thinks she can defeat me so easily, she is mistaken. In pure defiance, I breathe in the scent of the soufflé while Druella places one of the scrumptious desserts that overflows from its cup in front of each of us. From the corner of my eye I see Helga diving into hers. I stare straight at Cassie and victoriously slam my feet back into the crack in the floor. She had me for a minute but only a minute.
Cassie gives a surprised look. She reaches for her doll but I never look at the creature, I maintain my glare on her. Frustrated, Cassie tosses the doll from the table. “Mother?”
“We’ve heard stories from the Dark Territories that have frightened us. Is it true that the Winds won’t fight with us?” asks Helga.
“It’s true.” I answer while maintaining eye contact with Cassie, taunting her as much as she taunts me. When we began our chess match, I can’t say, but now that it is on, today will mark her end. That, I am sure of.
“How can we win without the aid of the Winds?” asks Helga. “They are much closer to the Great Well.”
“The Heavens will grant us victory over our enemies. It has been foretold by Allastar.”
“Allastar the Wise?” Cassie roars with laughter. “He can’t be too wise if he’s dead.”
“Cassie!”
“Well, it’s true, mother. If he were truly wise he would have found a way to avoid death altogether.”
“Is that what makes a person wise, Cassie? Avoiding death?”
“Yes.” She grins ear to ear. She spoons into her cake and eats it proudly all the while boring into me with ferocity.”
I match her by lifting a spoon to my brown cake. The moment I spoon into it, the middle bursts and out floods the most amazing thick fluid in the world. I spoon some of it with my first bite of cake and moan with sheer delight. I turn to nod at both Druella and Helga. Each displays wall-to-wall smiles. I always wanted to learn to cook but never found the time. It is a luxury and deemed an unholy distraction by our order ages ago. I can see why, if I could, I would do nothing but eat these appetizing morsels hour after hour. I would abandon my training and Warrior’s Oath to indulge and waste away in a haze of sensory delight.
“How do you like your dessert?” asks Cassie of all people.
I stare at her for a moment wondering why she asked. Everything about her is deceptive. What angle is she trying for now?
I take another bite and let it wash over me while I ignore her hellish grin. She is no longer important in the large scheme of things. I stare at my half-eaten cup and take another bite. I feel lightheaded but in a good way. It is like the scent of the cake, it makes me feel as if floating toward the ceiling. I have this insane thought to touch the ceiling and look down at all of us. Heat rises around me, scorching heat the makes me sweat. I see Cassie grinning while scooping up more of her cake. I wipe my brow and look at my drenched hand. My heart races.  My throat goes dry. I try to push up from my chair but can’t. Wave after wave of scalding heat washes over me, I swoon. Then it stops and heavenly euphoria sweeps over me. It feels so delicious, like an all-consuming hug from Roland. I fold my arms around me to remember him and his strength. I see the tattoo on my arm, the sun grows bright. How is that possible? More than that, what does it mean? Laughter erupts from Cassie. Oh, Heavens, No! The sun tattoo dims.
“Do not consume Marshon in any form.”
That is the voice of Aeolus. That is it, the missing piece to the puzzle. I feel like I did when I grabbed the two demons to torture them. Cassie’s laughter proves me right. It is that feeling and more. My heart pounds with every heave of my chest. I hear voices but they don’t come from the ground, they come from the walls surrounding me.
Cassie keeps laughing hysterically. I face her but see Helga rising from her chair.
“No, Mother. You are witness to my triumph and the dawn of my transformation.”
The writing on the walls dull with my vision. A whooshing knocks my hair skyward to stand on end. Cassie shimmers. Before I can wrap my head around that, I fall with the table, my chair, Cassie, and her mother. We all fall. We hit with a thud. I look up and in the distance I see towering walls and beyond that, minuscule orange dots from a distant ceiling miles above us.
“False Light!”
I spring upward pushing my chair back. I look about. I expect Skylla from the powerful sounding voice but see only Cassie standing before me with scorn in her eyes. Heavens, she is more.
“It is only us, False Light. I need no help. You think you can defeat me. You think I don’t know. I see you here and I see you lying crumbled on that wall there.”
I look to the tip of her outstretched finger and the smooth black wall beyond. Before my eyes, the wall brightens and shows a picture of me being thrown against it. I see my bloody face and my head twisted at an odd angle. I see my image staring at me from lifeless gray eyes. I turn back to Cassie. Before I can say a word, electricity shoots from her fingers. I shake uncontrollably where I stand but can’t fall, then it stops.
“I saw you coming days ago.” Purple electricity shoots from her fingers to envelop me. I scream in pain. It stops an eternity later. “I saw your defeat of Rani and Hokar!” more energy shakes me into near unconsciousness. “I saw—”
“No!” yells Helga.
“So, Mother, you want some too? Here you go.”
Helga screams at the top of her lungs. It is too late. She shakes like me and I know we will both fade soon. How could I have been so stupid?


Chapter 32: Deception


I wake to find myself in a chair facing a smooth black wall with Helga at my side. I lean forward and feel tightness at my chest: restraints. I shift trying to gain my freedom.
“Don’t bother,” says Cassie from behind me. She walks in front of me wearing the same impish grin I have come accustomed to seeing on her face. “Wondering why you aren’t dead?”
“Well, yes.” I glimpse Helga struggling from her seated position.
“There’s no need to kill you when you have such potential. Join us.”
“Never!” I twist trying to gain my freedom.
Cassie paces in front of me. She stops.
“Your death doesn’t have to come true, you know. I can change what I see. Join us and it will never come to pass. You will live forever. We will play games and read stories. Travel the world and make new friends wherever we go. Doesn’t that sound better? Join us and live.”
“Never,” I repeat, this time with extra venom to let her know she stands no chance of converting me.
“Very well, have it your way.” She claps her hands.
From within the wall they appear—two male ghouls. I see them stretch and howl as they tear themselves from the wall to stand before their master and me.
“Bring them,” commands Cassie.
They haul my chair and me down a corridor into another room. They set me upright and again I twist. “Let me loose, Cassie.” Her mother echoes my plea but Cassie ignores her to focus squarely on me.
“Only if you join us.”
“I’ll never join you. I’m going to end you to free our people.”
Cassie laughs more of her hysterical laughter. “You just need convincing as to your true destiny is all.” She claps.
A third ghoul frees itself from the ground to stand before me. This one is shapeless until it is completely out of the ground. It takes on the form of a young woman in her teens. She wears a white gown with jewels, her blond hair braided around her head and decorated with flowers. I see twinkles in her eyes. They remind me of the stars in the heavens.
“This is Roxanne. She is the lost princess of Nywon, killed by her usurping mother-in-law while she slept. The witch thought she had done away with her but Lucian tricked her. Lucian saved Roxanne. He hid her in the Auburn Fields. He turned her into a Rugbar tree. Roxanne stayed like that for five decades. Didn’t you, Roxanne?”
The princess gives an impish grin to match Cassie’s.
“Is there a point to telling me this?” I struggle more.
“Yes. Roxanne discovered a secret. Show her Roxanne.”
I know not to look but can’t help it. I stop my struggling and watch Roxanne grin ear to ear. The girl holds out her arms and drops her head. Her eyes roll upward to stare at me while her head slowly tilts to the right, her impish grin widening. When she reaches her apex, she puffs up and turns into a Rugbar tree. I have liked their yellow fruit since childhood. You can squeeze it juices into water to make a stout drink.
Fruit blossoms on a branch that moments ago had been her right hand. I watch as a small divot appears in the branch next to the yellow fruit. The lump grows to the size of a bee’s nest. It grows larger as I watch, expanding to the size of an adult’s head.
Oh, Heavens. I shiver. I know what it is. How? Why? What is Cassie up to? I try shifting in my seat, fear building in my belly. Cassie must have guessed by my frantic behavior. She grips my shoulders to keep me still.
“Oh, no you don’t.”
Cassie holds me in place with the nest in front of me. I can’t help but to watch the cells harden and cake over with a hard white shell. Our trees didn’t have them, none of the trees had these nests. Once I asked an elder about them and was told the monks collected them to keep them from the masses. Only sect leaders knew their locations. I wasn’t even sure that our masters knew of pure sources such as the one before me.
Cassie releases me. I choose not to struggle to learn of her true plan. I watch as she shoves her hand into the nest and pulls it out, caked with thick blue liquid.
“No! No!”
I toss my head to and fro trying to get her away from me as she brings the thick blue liquid to my mouth. I keep shaking my head. It does no good. She brings it to my mouth and I inhale while twisting.
I freeze.
The scent infiltrates my nostrils and massages my brain with gentle fingers. I relax. Not only that, but I feel unusually warm and flushed, the way I get when Roland holds me tight. The way I get when his hands squeeze me in all the right places yet ever so gently. I feel myself opening more and more and though I know it is wrong and try to fight it, there is little fight in me. My mouth automatically opens and with whispered voices shouting around me to eat, the aching in my loins forces my mouth wider. I inhale the full body of the honey. Cassie places it at my mouth and I eagerly lap it off her fingers.
Cassie laughs, shoving her fingers closer while I lap for dear life. It feels intoxicating. It feels wonderful. Every muscle clenches as I watch Cassie give Helga some of the exquisite blue gold. I eagerly await my turn for a second helping.
The voices grow louder, urging me to take more. Cassie feeds me a larger portion. It is hypnotic and dangerous all at the same time. My skin tingles from the taste. It is like being touched in that place that makes me tingle, grow, and spread wide, wanting another touch to make me flow like a raging river. I need more, I have to have more.
The walls fall away and all around me I see flames leaping high toward the ceiling. I don’t care about them, I need more of the blue honey. Parts of my insides, parts I try not to think about, unfurl as if touched for the first time.
“Say you will join us,” says Cassie. “You have to agree to get more. Don’t you want more?” she teases.
“Yes.”
The word slips from my mouth before I think of a way to answer or figure out her meaning. My mouth disconnects with that part of me that makes rational decisions and joins up with the enemy. Already I am lost.
The straps unfasten around me while she feeds Helga. I know it is wrong but if I can just reach over and lap the side of Helga’s mouth where blue liquid beckons to me, I will. I watch Helga’s eager tongue leap out and lap up the spilt cream. She croons with delight, swaying as I did. I want nothing more than to spend the rest of my life swaying.
“You will be our beacon calling all demons to gather with us for victory. We shall plunder relentlessly.”
I know in my heart it is wrong but I want to plunder and wreak havoc across the land. It sounds so wonderful.
Cassie thrusts her hand into the nest again. I salivate. “Not for you,” she giggles in teasing fashion and then licks her fingers. She leans sideways with a satiated look on her face. I think she might fall from the large amount. Instead she stops and while looking at me, she shimmers. This time she shimmers and becomes translucent and stays that way. I see through her and see the ghouls standing in the distance behind her. I look to the bottom of her short dress and see her knees and lower legs are one long shimmering piece. She no longer has feet. I see the ground open around her. I know she will soon extend deep beneath it. She is transforming. This is the time. This is my time. I need to strike. I need to stop her. But how?
“Join us.”
Cassie remains ghostlike, but more solid, more graspable. She brings more of her blue-dipped fingers toward me. My mouth opens automatically. I search my mind for my previous thoughts but cannot find them anywhere. I feel a burning in my feet that won’t go away, but that wasn’t it. What was I just thinking about? Was it joining her? Yes, that was it. I was going to join her. I fix my mind to give a resounding yes. I lean in to get more honey.
“Stop!”
We both whirl to see Helga standing with fury in her heart.
“Mother,” says Cassie. “I’m disappointed in you.” Cassie moves to her without lifting her legs, she glides.
“I’m not your mother.”
“What?”
Cassie tries moving away but Helga leaps and wraps her arms around her daughter. Cassie twists trying to struggle free. I see the rage on her face. I look to Helga who shows equal rage. As I watch her, her face transforms into one I recognize—Scovan. He winks at me. With no time to spare and fully aware that it is wrong, I grab a dollup of honey and shove it—with a spell—into my Sonsai. I then look back to view the fight.
Cassie makes the one mistake she shouldn’t have. Scovan performs perfectly. He can brilliantly deceive you into thinking he is anyone, but only for a few seconds. We call it his parlor trick. Cassie makes the mistake of feeding him Marshon which amplifies his power. Scovan shakes and screams as he holds the screaming child in place.
“Hurry,” yells Scovan.
It all happens from my haze. I should act, I know that, but I sit with thoughts of the delicious honey on my mind. I feel a tug at my waist and look down to see a hand. I follow it to Miriam’s sweaty, but smiling face. Why does she look so awful? She twists her face and heat floods me at my middle. With a smile, she releases me. Suddenly the fog lifts.
“Help!” screams Cassie.
Upon hearing that, I realize I am free. I pounce. I launch myself like a guided missile at her. I grab her, and infused by the Marshon—squeeze. My new power comes from the Marshon she feeds me. She improvises her own doom. I squeeze harder as she struggles. Cassie never turns completely solid, which aids my cause. My power doesn’t work on the living body. Master Sole said I must wait until she transforms into spirit to kill her. Now that she has transformed, I squeeze harder. She let her guard drop and pays with her life. I squeeze and she pops.
Our plan worked.
The walls heat and begin moving inward. The ghouls move toward us. The ceiling lowers. I can see the orange dot growing bigger. The tornado inside it reaches down toward us. It stirs up the surrounding air to form a thick blanket of circulating air.
“She’s coming,” shouts Scovan, “we have to go.”
Something tells me to stay. I can’t say why or who, but something unfurls in me. It is the tree. I have to have that tree, to taste its honey again. I need that honey. It helped me defeat Cassie and will help me with the others. I kneel and thrust my hand into the soil and chant. The wind dies down. The ghouls moving toward us stop. They stand in place, staring at me, waiting for an order. I stand.
“Grab her and hold her for me.”
The ghouls move toward the tree as Roxanne assumes human form. She tries running but they grab her and together they pull her kicking and screaming deep beneath the soil. I ready to join them. They will be my ghouls and she will be my tree. I will lap her day and night for all eternity. I feel the heat at my feet and move to the space they disappeared into.
The wall before me glows red-hot. Skylla appears. I should be scared half to death. She is larger than life and just as menacing, towering the length of the wall. Instead of running, I point at my feet to the last shredded remains of Cassie. I smile like Cassie.
Skylla roars.
I move like lightning to grab and crush her. I will rip her from the wall and send her into oblivion with the rest. Before I reach her, the tornado pulls me into it and I move skyward. I twist and turn yelling for release so I can kill Skylla. I twist and bat at anything I can reach but I move higher and higher into blackness and then I’m gone.


Chapter 33: Truths


I find myself back in the small house. The house is brighter than when I last visited and something else is different—someone is screaming at the top of their lungs. I look for Skylla believing she found a way to follow us. I imagine her ferocious frame bursting through the floor and towering to the ceiling with a rage that cannot be bound. I look and look teetering on the edge of sanity desperately hoping I am wrong. Exhausted from looking and listening to the sound, I cover my ears to drown the noise. It is at that point I realize I am making the noise. I am screaming and ranting, not out of fear, wanting to go back and fight Skylla. There is no need to wait, I can finish her now and be done with it. I move to plunge beneath the floor and end her before she comes for me. Strong arms hold me back. I look at them, Scovan holds me on the right while Roland holds me on the left.
“Let me go! Let me go! I have to go, I have to finish her.” I twist trying to break free but they hold me tighter.
“Nis!” Roland holds my chin with strong fingers. I search his face. It is a trick by the Deceiver. Roland is with our master at the caves.
“Be still.”
I look lower to see Miriam gripping my waist. It doesn’t matter. They don’t know what I know. I have the power to defeat Skylla but have to use it now. I twist harder. I am nearly free. Roland, or whatever pretends it is Roland, pulls me tighter into an embrace and forces his lips to mine. I twist trying to break the contact trying to get away. He pulls me tighter. I feel his lips, their softness. I remember that softness. I should struggle to break free of the trap but don’t. I should fight to hold on to the knowledge I gained but don’t. I give in and let those lips quell every fiber of resistance and blatantly ravage me. They apply more and more pressure to my hungry lips and I open. I feel lightheaded. My heart thunders against my chest. I move closer to consume him. Closer and closer I push. I have to have him. I have to have those lips. And then I feel his strong arms. Weakness comes to me. I fall to the floor but don’t stop. It is though I fall through it into an endless void. And then—blackness.

I open my eyes to see a low ceiling. I turn my head to see people with their backs to me. They wear black as if members of my family with belts wrapped around their waists. Am I dreaming? Have I been dreaming this whole time?
“Roland?”
He turns to me with a warm smile. “Hey.”
“Roland?”
He comes to me, leans down, and kisses me. It is him. Instinct tells me to push him away before someone catches us. I don’t. I kiss him for as long as he allows me to press my lips to his. Finally he pulls back. I gaze into his eyes.
“How are you here?”
“Part of the plan, silly.”
I look to the other member of my family, Scovan. He beams from the corner. I lean on Roland to stand. Weakness permeates my body. But that isn’t the troubling aspect. The way Roland views me, the way he holds my hand, something is the matter. I glimpse it when I first see him but it vanishes before my eyes. Still, I know it is there, like a forgotten melody or name. What can it be? I collapse. Roland catches me. There it is again, the way he holds me, it is different somehow. Curiosity makes me sniff him since he is so close. The smell is off as well. What is it?
I want to lie back down to piece it all together but can’t. I have a mission. It will have to wait. I look for Miriam but don’t see her. I can’t ask them about her so I will have to wait until she shows up on her own. Until then, I will piece together this mystery. Then I think about what he says.
“The plan? What part of the plan calls for you to be here?”
“Only my kiss can save you, fair maiden,” Roland jokes. He and Scovan share a private joke. I tense and frown. “All right, all right. The masters didn’t tell you I would be involved so it would not slip out. They told me I would have to kiss you to bring you back. That is all they told me and when I saw you, I nearly died, Nis. I couldn’t believe it was you. Master Sole told me to grab you and kiss you as soon as I saw you. He said keep kissing you until you fainted. I thought it was strange but he knew about us so I didn’t argue.” Roland turns three shades of red as he lowers his head.
“I see.” I look to Scovan. “And you, you are supposed to be Druella, why didn’t you tell me you were masquerading as Helga? That wasn’t the plan.”
“I can’t believe it worked. I can’t believe you actually destroyed her,” says Scovan. He runs a hand through his red hair. I notice his face tries its best to match his hair while he holds in his enthusiasm as best he can though it bubbles at the edges of his mouth. He frowns at my puzzled look then rolls his eyes. “Cassie is advancing too fast and may have gained the ability to read your thoughts, but not mine.”
“I see. Where is the real Helga?”
“Resting,” says Scovan. “We have to go over the rest of the plan before we leave. You up to it?”
“Okay.” I look to Roland who seems to remove himself from the room as well as the conversation.
“ . . . and then we have to—”
I burn a hole directly between Scovan’s eyes. It is only in my imagination but he gets the point and stops talking. I don’t hear most of what he says anyway. I need to speak with Roland and find out what the matter is. Scovan droning on doesn’t help. I motion with my eyes for him to leave. For the longest time he feigns ignorance then moves to the door. I see a faint glowing from the writings above the door. I wonder if Helga’s mother is there, listening to us.
“We have to talk.” Scovan speaks to the door. I know he directs the words at me because of his tightly clenched teeth. I agree with a clenched noise of my own to his back and then he leaves.
I look to Roland. He helps me stand. I so much want him to lift me and take me into his arms but he doesn’t. He sets me on my feet and moves away. That action hurts me more than if he had hit me. I force down tears and stare at his back as he faces the door. I always admire his muscular frame though he is lean. He wears his customary black master’s shirt which features three classic spells of protection to guard his back from approaching demons.
I once saw the writing on the back of Master Guan’s shirt glow as Kief tried sneaking up on her from her blind spot. The spells repelled him and somehow alerted her to his presence. She whirled and knocked him to the ground before trapping him with her Hitton. I have no doubt Roland’s shirt worked the same way. I wanted to touch it because I knew I couldn’t touch him. Something in the way he lifted me and separated from me told me that. I didn’t need to ask. It had to happen, he was a master now and I was an apprentice. That more than anything placed a gulf between us. After an eternity, Roland turned.
“I have to get back,” says Roland. His eyes well with tears that reach out to thrash me so I know his misery.
“I know, Roland. You don’t have to say it.”
Roland breaks his stare to gaze at his feet. He meets my eyes again and they seem to have regained some of their sparkle. That pleases me immensely though I know what price it extracts. We are family and know the rules. We hope as others do for more time as apprentices to enjoy each other’s company a bit longer, perhaps another five years. With the deaths of two of our masters, the spirits deal a blow to us that renews my hate for them. I want to destroy them more than ever. They take Roland from me. First, Lexie, and now Roland. My world shrinks on a daily basis. If we are successful, Miriam will be the next to leave me. Yes, my world is shrinking and there is nothing I can do about it.
I smile as big as I can. I nearly giggle from the effort, taking every ounce of strength I possess to keep my lips from treacherous quivering while I project strength and serenity. I hide my eyes by looking into his mother’s eyes. His neck pulses and forces my eyes back to his. I smile more.
“Thank you.”
“It’s okay, Roland. It really is. You’re still my brother. I just can’t be with you anymore, that’s all.”
Again I paste my grin on as it fights me to smash away my deceit.
“I better get going, Nis. They are waiting for me.”
My heart gives its last beat at hearing my name. He honors me with the effort. In the future he will only refer to me as sister. I thank him with my eyes for the honor and bow. As he turns to leave, fire plumes in my belly.
“Roland?”
“Yeah.”
“Wait for me. I will go back with you.”
Roland stands rigid in the doorway in deep thought. I stare at the back of his shaved head and trace the part of his thunderbolt tattoos I see with my eyes. Surely he will allow me this small thing. He nods then steps through the door closing it behind him. I want him to turn and look at me, to memorize my face as I vow to do his. I don’t get that but I get a nod and that will do.
I wait for some time before leaving the room. Gathering my courage takes more time than I believe. I meet Scovan outside the house and together we walk to a storage shed hidden by heavily chorded vines and grass. I walked by it on my first trip without realizing it was there. Perhaps it is a household test to determine a guest’s intentions. If they look in that direction they must know it is there. I suppose Journar would then take the appropriate action to protect his family.
We enter through a crack between vines with Scovan’s candle as our only light source. He lights three other sconces and the room comes to life. Boxes and jars filled to the brim abound from every corner. Each wall displays faded writings which I am sure will brighten with the presence of evil. In the far corner is a mattress of hay and upon it lies Helga Belsgammon. Her face holds the perfect picture of serenity. Little does she know this will be the last time she looks this way. Scovan moves to rouse her and stops.
A figure shimmers in his path—Druella. Scovan bows. He speaks in whispers. Druella bows then travels backward to place herself in the wall above Helga. I suppose she remains there to guard her daughter. She fades into the wall but remains a vague presence in the room. She must have known the plan and agreed to it. Scovan moves toward Helga and this time I stop him.
“What?” he hisses.
“One more minute, Scovan. Let’s give her that.”
Scovan nods. We watch her in silence. I do my best to understand her calm and be a part of it. What I did to her and Journar is unforgivable and if I were smart I would fudge the facts to rush serenity back to her. That is a lie. I would do it to save myself. I murdered her child. She will never forgive me.
“Go ahead.”
I take a breath while Scovan rouses Sleeping Beauty. She looks about with wild eyes before honing in on me. I’m sure she doesn’t know Scovan but me she knows. The momentary terror that fills her eyes slinks away as Scovan assists her to her feet. I keep my eyes on the floor, gazing gently up at her from time to time. I need time to prepare but there is none, she is standing before me with the world at her feet. I steel myself then meet her gaze. Her golden locks haven’t suffered from her incarceration nor has the blueness of her eyes. This is not going to be easy.
“Come to the house, Helga, I have bad news and you need to sit to hear it.”
Helga’s face falls.
It has to be done and I am one for doing it quickly. Don’t play, say it and move on. That is how they teach us. In our world, most news is bad. We are warriors and most of us vanish before we reach the status of master. We live to fight and protect the masses while they go about their daily lives. This is one of those times and now I must deliver news as I have in the past. Still, it is never easy to face those who don’t live in our world and tell them bad news.
“All right,” says Helga, taking a seat at their small kitchen table.
“Helga,” I begin, “Cassie communes with Halflings.”
I watch the blank expression fight to stay in place. Everyone knows the penalty for such folly. To commune with such a spirit is a death sentence unless sanctioned by one of the houses. Seconds later her face crinkles, understanding comes. She cocks her head, her eyes travel the length of my body—I wear my warrior’s clothes, my Sonsai tied to my waist. She hones in on the small bag taking in its contents through widened eyes. She looks to my face for verification and my eyes fall.
I want to see the pain in her eyes but mine overwhelms me. All at once I hear a sound from her, a grunt or growl. My eyes move to her face as if called and I shudder. Every fiber of her being exudes unadulterated rage and hate. She fashions it all into a sword to swing at me and I can’t blame her one bit. Before speaking, Helga fastens narrow black eyes on Scovan. I travel with her to see him turn sideways and hide his face. Scovan reminds me of the purple flowers that wilt under bright sunlight. How can he leave me to face her alone?
“She killed my daughter?”
Her words vibrate inside my skull, shocking me back to the present. I try my best to swallow in order to speak and state the facts, maybe she will understand and quell her wrath.
“You killed my Cass?”
Since Scovan doesn’t answer, her darts come at me. Each word pierces my heart to make me bleed. I think of mother and how she would feel if one of my family sat before her with such news. I imagine her rubbing her belly and talking to Sybil, pleading with her to remain calm, coaxing her with soft words all the while ignoring the killer before her. Mother would join Scovan and check out.
“YOU KILLED MY CASSIE!”
The words thunder down on me. I hadn’t noticed her rising nor her moving to tower above me. The first blow strikes my cheek and I see stars. The next strikes the top of my head. My head flops back. I hear a pop like the crick I get from a stiff neck. Before my eyes can focus, a whirlwind of blows pound me to knock me to the floor. My face scrapes the floor and I feel each prick as my soft skin meets the meat grinder called the floor. The air fills with a metallic aroma of blood, my blood. Every excruciating breath fills my lungs with the foul concoction.
“MOTHER!”
All at once she comes with the roar of a tornado. The wind whips my hair around as cold hands lift me off the floor, nearly freezing me to death, nearly crushing me with untold strength, pushing me unmercifully through the open doorway and tossing me unceremoniously on my backside. I hit with a thud and then hit the ground hard again as Scovan lands on top of me. My head hits so hard the stars circle with my eyes wide open. All I see are shimmers of the outside world.
Four hands pull me to my feet, each a replica of the first.
“Killer! Killer! Get them mother!”
I lie on my side at the bottom of the open wagon staring at the doorway that mocks me and shrieks for my death. Druella appears in the doorway. Her brown hair tossed about her red face while she scowls in my direction. I hear another shriek from the house and Druella flies from the doorway. We must have been right outside the door, it must have been Roland who moved the wagon, anticipating trouble. May the Heavens forever praise Roland.
My blood runs cold. The air chills. Any tree near us would no doubt stop swaying. Its leaves would stop and freeze in place. My throat goes dry. I try viewing Druella through squinted and dazed eyes. Hopelessness fills me so I give up to fix my gaze on one point to focus and regain the control I lost.
Druella moves like a fast mist but then stops like an overstretched rubber band mere inches from me, her fingers stretching toward my small neck, hungering to touch it if only for a second. Her eyes widened as she flies backward back into the doorway. The door slams shut, shaking the house and creating a small dust storm about the door. I take in a breath and toss from side to side as we gallop away from the house. I listen to Roland yell at the horses all the while keeping my attention focused on the door in case Druella reappears. I never take my eyes off the door. When it fades with the endless shrieks of revenge, my heavy lids close and each ache in my body amplifies itself a thousand times. I drift picturing Helga on the floor wailing. I vow never again to take on such a mission.


Chapter 34: Ambush


My head hits something hard. I put a hand to it and feel the slick fluid before opening my eyes. My body shakes again and stars fill my world once more. Sounds come to me: horses neigh, horses clomp against the hard ground, a gentle breeze whispers to me, and scorching air fills my lungs. I move again. I don’t need to open my eyes or remove my hand from my head to know where I am. I’m on the back of the wagon and we are traveling to the caves of Olympia.
I remove my hand to view the countryside.
We travel a long desolate winding road. Little to no vegetation covers the landscape. I put my back to the side railing and let my body join its melodic rhythm of moving with the road. Other than the sounds of the horses and creaking from the wagon not a sound is made in the vastness of this desert land. This is the perfect place to get lost in or to be alone with your thoughts and commune with nature. If only I could come here for my meditation classes.
Every so often a small pebble shoots from one of the large, wooden, creaking wheels. It takes flight in a high arc as if it were alive and trying to reach the sun, only to come short and make the terrible trip back to this desolate road in hopes of one day rising again. It settles into its new position on the rocky road with a thin film of dust kicked up by our wheels and horses.
A momentary shift from a pothole forces my hand to my head to check if I still bleed. To my surprise my fingers peruse a small scar that will fade in time. Thank the Heavens. Now that that isn’t a problem I can give my attention to more pressing matters. I cleared the way for the final battle by removing two Halflings and a potential third. That leaves Lucian the Deceiver, his mother, Skylla, and a host of air and ground demons to deal with besides the ghouls they will throw at us. I trained for this. We all trained for this. I don’t have fear and when I look to Scovan I see no fear in his eyes.
Try as I might, concentration eludes me. Time and again Roland fills my thoughts. I watch him holding the reins of our little wagon and for the first time take note of the monk at his side. Why is he here and what does he want? Instead of asking, I take a more winding approach to match the road we travel on.
“Roland?”
“Yeah,” he whips the horse but doesn’t turn.
“Can you stop please?”
Roland pulls the reins and yells for the horses to stop. His voice seems to have deepened, I love his voice. I will miss it the most.
“Sister?”
Roland speaks in a tone commiserate with his new level as a master. It hurts me so much I pray it doesn’t show in my eyes. I keep my face placid but inside my belly churns with an ocean of angry butterflies flapping their small wings and crashing into the sides of the small space they inhabit. A tight smile graces my face. I beckon him with my eyes. He understands.
“Scovan, take the reins for a while.”
“Thanks,” Scovan says to Roland.
I don’t take my eyes off Roland so I don’t see Scovan’s face. From his voice I know that he is excited and probably longs to run the horses. We have a long journey ahead of us and with only me for company I have no doubt he is anxious to hop over and make the trade.
Roland sits next to me. Our feet dangle over the edge of the wagon’s rear. Scovan yells at the horses then cracks his whip. Off we go.
My back heats. Someone watches me. That is the feeling I get and believe it to be the monk riding next to Scovan. I stay rigid staring at the desolate landscape. It makes a great distraction. A long-eared rabbit sits on a patchy area of grass eating and watching us as we pass through its territory. I focus on it and wonder what it would be like to hop around eating shrubs. The scarce vegetation has to be shared by so many, I wonder if they fight over it the way we fight to survive. Heat hits my face. The sun escapes a wandering thick cloud to happily beam down on us to add more misery to our journey. I wonder if the sun smiles. Surely it hates us and wants nothing more than to pile on with this wasteland. Together, they drain hope from all that passes them. Perhaps that is why few live here. Perhaps that is why Master Cronus chose this area as his ultimate accomplishment.
It takes time, but after a while I no longer feel eyes on my back. I reach out and hold Roland’s hand while we sit practically touching with our legs dangling over the end of the wagon. Roland squeezes my hand and from that small motion produces a flapping in my belly I hadn’t known possible. I return his squeeze and the flapping grows. We don’t talk. We stare out at the far off mountains while we occasionally jostle from the motion of the wagon as it journeys over uneven road.
This is our farewell. Silent handholding. Already Roland slips from me to assume his station. It is the masters’ doing of course. I’m sure they sat him down to discuss fraternization rules. The monk no doubt accompanies him to insure he follows the rules. Though I want to break them, I can’t do that to Roland. And if I speak the truth, he wouldn’t allow it to happen, knowing what is at stake. That small knowledge hurts as much as he calling me “sister” hurts.
“Nista, don’t move.”
Miriam appears directly behind me. She touches my shoulder to confirm I heard correctly. We move down the road with Scovan occasionally yelling at the horses while Roland and I hold hands in silence. I did my best not to move though my body goes rigid with anticipation. It takes great effort but my hand never moves to tighten its grip on Roland’s hand.
I give a subtle nod then look for trouble.
“You are being followed,” says Miriam. I miss her gentle voice. With so few sounds to get lost in, she is a savior for my sanity. “They stopped.”
Heavens. Why did I do that? Why did I scan the ground? My scan alerts them. There will be no sneak attack. I straighten my back to lift Miriam’s hand on my shoulder. She pats my shoulder and I relax. She understands.
“They are still there, waiting. They have a flesh eater with them. A ground spirit covers it, pulling it into the soil to hide it from you. They are doing things to it, terrible things.”
I spring upward to look about.
“Nis? Sister?” asks Roland, leaping to his feet to scan with me.
“Scovan! Stop the horses.”
“Whoa!” Scovan pulls the reins to bring the horses to a halt. “Well?”
“Trouble,” I say, “there’s a demon nearby.”
Scovan shakes the monk to wake him. Somehow he knows without us having to say a word. “No,” says the monk. He looks at Roland and I standing in battle stance with our hands at our Sonsai bags scanning the area. “We can’t fight here. It’s an ambush. We will lose the horses. That’s their first goal, to strip us of transportation and strand us while they wait for reinforcements.”
“What?”
“They are powering a ghoul to Shashnak level.” The monk looks about the desert surface. He holds a hand to his eyes, searching. He squints at something he sees in the distance. He points. “There, get us there.”
“Yow!” Scovan cracks his whip and the horses gallop, nearly throwing us from the wagon’s bed.
“They’re coming,” says Miriam.
With action all around us, I am able to look at Miriam without giving us away. I try to convey my plea via facial expressions. Shashnak level. The phrase reverberates in my head. It takes the power of a master to reach that destructive level. Somewhere in the dry, heated soil lies a dead master in the service of the dark realm and doing their bidding. Why would one of us do such a thing?
As I scan, I hear the clomp of the horses’ hooves as they make contact with the hard surface. I continue my scans and listen as Scovan brings them to a halt. My family goes through extensive training on all fronts. The weakest of us knows where we are, we stand on a Bessie. The monk found one for us. I should be searching all along, keeping up with their locations in case trouble rears its ugly head. Instead, I hold Roland’s hand and imagine my life without him. If we have to end our relationship, I want every last moment I can get. I fail my family in favor of the flesh.
‘Stop being childish, it is the ultimate trap. Shed these things and you embrace your gift. Then, you control that around you.’
The master’s words are never truer than now.
I leap from the wagon’s bed to feel the ground at my feet. I thrust my feet into the soil and listen. They reinforce my confidence. I hear the ground swell and know I can call on that power and win this battle. Curiosity makes me turn to see our wagon. The Bessie is the size of a large bed so only the horses are on it. The wagon itself is on scarce brownish grass. It offers no protection so to stand on it and fight there will prove disastrous. It doesn’t matter because I have no intention of staying on it. When I fight demons I need contact with the ground. That’s why I jumped from the wagon in the first place.
Roland leaps to my side. Scovan and the monk unhook the horses and push the wagon away so that it does not keep contact and potentially breach the Bessie and provide a bridge to the buffet the horses would make. They stand on the Bessie and search in all directions. Already the Bessie glows ever so softly. Trouble is coming.
Roland and I are in front of the Bessie scanning. Scovan and the monk are on the Bessie with the horses. We watch the road in front of us and the few trees in the distance. I look higher at the beautiful mountains. I turn about realizing I forgot someone: Miriam. She isn’t there with us. I turn in all directions like a dog turning to catch its tail. I must look like an idiot to the others but I have to find her. I stop and take a breath. Miriam is okay, wherever she is, she is okay and helping. Just rest, Nista, relax.
A cold wind blows signifying trouble. Once hot air now forms a mist as it exits my lips. The veil of silence surrounds us, not even my heart dares to beat loudly.
Suddenly Miriam is holding my hand, squeezing hard. She points at the far end of the road. I squint to see the distant bump in the road.
It moved!
“Roland,” I shout, “there.”
He stands next to me. I breathe him in while he looks to the danger. He shifts on the balls of his feet and allow his facial muscles to tighten into a warrior’s scowl. His rosy cheeks flame with heat. His nostrils flare like that of a bull. He swallows hard.
I love to watch him in battle. The way he transforms is magical. He twists his feet into the soil in preparation. I do as well. I look ahead to the lump, a sneer on my face and both hands to my bag of weapons.
The lump moves slowly then gathers speed as it approaches. It is as if the road itself moves, as if it were a fast approaching ocean wave destined to crash on the shore with the intention of destroying all in its path. We are in its path. I crouch to get a better angle.
The ground shakes ahead of the lump. And then it is upon us, towering ten feet high into the sky. A mighty roar shakes the air. The lump explodes and throws dirt in every direction. In its wake towers a mighty ghoul with shoulders wider than the length of my body and a head twice as long. Its body reminds me of a tree trunk. It stands roaring at the tiny ants in its path.
“Camool faw,” shouts Roland. A thunderbolt appears in his right hand. He rears back and throws it into the face of the beast. Instantly I move under his command. My hand is already in my bag. I pull a marble from my bag and fling it with all my might into the creature’s belly. I run toward my thrown marble. The marble hits after the bolt to open a hole through the creature. I dive through the hole and I’m now at the creature’s back. Instead of going through and landing behind the ghoul, I grab a piece of the shrinking hole and swing around to land on the beast’s back. Next, I form a long knife to jam into its neck.
Roland hurls bolt after bolt to push the creature back. The knife slips from my grasp and I am in danger of following it to the ground. If I do, the retreating monster tramples me. I brace and hold on tight while thinking of a way to defeat the ghoul.
Out of the corner of my eye I see the true enemy: a large, red air demon and the ground demon that hid the Shashnak ghoul. We fall for the old divide and conquer routine. Our comrades charge the ground demon while the red menace hovers behind.
“Roland! The horses!”
“Go!”
I can’t risk them getting to our horses. Yet, I can’t leave Roland. I move higher on the creature to view Roland. I see him kneel and shove both his hands into the loose hot soil. It must burn him, his face contorts. Roland shouts. No words come, only a flood of blackness erupts from his lungs. I duck and hang on as it hits the beast and makes it stumble back. The ghoul roars and bats at the beam of blackness but keeps moving back.
Roland has this situation covered. With a mighty leap, I sail through the air. I tuck my body tight and roll before standing to charge ahead into the fray.
My comrades separate. Scovan takes on the ground demon and doesn’t need my help. The monk is a powerful man of peace and not skilled at fighting. He will need my help. Instead of charging, I halt and listen to spirits at my feet. For a moment I forget my lessons and resort to amateur tactics. Now, I call upon the spirits while watching the red blob move from side to side snapping its yellow, toothy mouth at the monk. That is not necessary, the overconfident demon plays with him and that doesn’t sit well with me. I focus while watching the demon torture the monk who lunges at it with power sticks. The amused spirit darts about as if jumping rope. I close my eyes and fling my head back while in a state of grace. Spirits swarm me from the deep. They snake around my legs to feel my light. I feel them drawing from me. They push and shove their counterparts to get a small taste of my light. It shines but at a low level.
My eyes open.
The air demon stops and stares in my direction. It forms a full face and body that hovers out of reach of the monk. I see the silhouette of a bulky man. It turns back into a red cloud of destruction and races for me. I keep my hands down as it approaches. When it opens its giant mouth to devour me, I reach out and clamp down on it hard. There is little to grab. It snaps at me many times. It draws energy from me to gain its body and snap more viciously. Like times before, I weakened and feel lightheaded as it drains me. But that is the plan. I need something tangible to grip. That is how my power works. It feeds with insatiable hunger. If it were a man at the dinner table he would be smacking his lips and shoveling food into his big mouth. That is the image I hold in my mind. And then I strike. I rear back and using the power around my ankles I launch my attack. I shove that power into the demon. He stops feeding to stare at me eyeball to eyeball. He has sharp hazel eyes. His lips quiver.
“False Light!”
I smile. “Got cha!”
“No!”
The demon twists and turns trying to pull away to freedom. I clamp down harder, fueled by its shrieks. I love them. His cries do something to me that I can’t explain. They make me feel . . . erotic. I suppose that is as good a word as any. The power I feel crawling through me mixed with the torturous screams of my enemy makes me feel wonderful, ecstatic. I clamp harder to rip more pleasurable screams. I need to hear those screams. I draw more and more power from the ground and shove harder. I ravenously pull scream after scream from the demon. It grows bright as the sun and then pops.
It is wonderful. It is heavenly. I want to do it again so I search for another with bated breath. Surely there is another in the area.
“Demon light, demon light.”
I hear the low whispers. They get softer as if moving away from me, moving deep in the ground and retreating to the far off mountains. I don’t move so I can focus again and shine my light. I want them to come back to me. Surely one of them will come to me. I feel pain in my legs from excruciating heat. Still, I stand tall and shine my light brighter.
A tug comes from my waist.
“Stop it, sister.”
Miriam looks up at me. Kie shines through her eyes and it is his voice I hear.
“Forgive me, Master.”
“There is great danger in approaching the throne. I fear for your safety, the temptation is powerful. I cannot help you if you plant your feet.”
“I won’t, Master.”
Kie searches my face for deception. He vanishes.
Roland shouts. I whirl at his voice. Holding the ghoul back drains him. The beast has slowly made painful steps to push against Roland’s power to come within inches of his crouched frame. I want to race for him. That is the wrong thing to do. I hold my ground and call on the spirits. Spirits race toward them. The racing wave is not as big as the lump in the road but it is adequate. It rolls to the ghoul and strikes with force, knocking it away from Roland.
“Atollamous mai,” shouts Scovan.
While my spirits hold it down, Scovan calls upon others to surface from the deep and clamp around the giant ghoul and hold it against the ground. The monk races over and places his hands on the beast’s chest and chants. “Traineadoulous ecko tru. I release you. Rest in peace.” He thrusts a power stick into the beast’s chest
A hole opens in the monster’s chest and energy shoots skyward. I hear a whistling noise and realize it isn’t the wind, they are trapped souls used to create the Shashnak ghoul. They bellow “Thank Yous” as they soar high in the heavens and disappear. I watch with pride. Seeing such a sight makes me want to stay a warrior for all time. We do good works. We save our planet and free trapped souls. Life is good.


Chapter 35: The Beginning


We remount to make our way to the Olympian Caves. Fighting put us behind schedule so we need to hurry to make up ground, I look forward to more fighting. Scovan keeps the reins and yells at the horses to double time their gallop on the long bumpy road.
We ride on the back of the wagon. I would love to snuggle with Roland on the side of the wagon as if on a hayride through the countryside, but we are not alone and others await our arrival. Therefore I sit in my corner with my feet dangling out the back, watching the road and trying to carve out my piece of sanity and peace. I choose to stare out the back of the wagon into the scarce lush trees in the distance, watching them fall away into oblivion only to be replaced with brown rocks and mountains. The scenery brings on feelings of dread as I watch it all fall by the wayside. Even the air falls away in favor of something heavier and hotter, something that feels like scalding water going down my throat as I try to breathe it in.
Dry desert air envelops us.  I look around to view tiny, bare trees and scarce vegetation. I see mounds of rock in all directions. A beautiful brown landscape, picture perfect with yellow sun and blue moon only yards apart. Heavenly.
The caves are ahead. From the road I see hundreds of workers slaving away under the whip of our master. Of course there is no actual whip but slaves are slaves and these people are slaves of Master Cronus. They build his pet project and worship him as if he were all of the Heavens himself. My fist tightens and blood boils as I look on him in the distance, standing on a mountain ledge with a rod in his hand viewing his worker bees. I want to scream at the satisfaction on his face though I can’t see it or him clearly. I know him. That is more than enough to make my judgment. I see his black hair blowing in the wind and his shiny robes that sparkle when the sun hits them just right. My stomach ties itself in knots knowing I am working to make him king of kings. There is no choice in the matter. I am a warrior, a demon hunter, and I will protect my family and the world from spirits and demons of all kinds.
“Whoa!” Scovan reins in the horses. A small dust storm kicks up around us.
We come to a stop. Roland hops out and stares at the cave opening before him. I watch his back still seated on the back of the wagon. The distance between us grows exponentially in such a short amount of time. I want to ask him if threats are at the heart of his coolness to me. Perhaps a demotion or something worse but am afraid to hear his answer. Will he lie to make me feel better? I know how much he wants to be a master, it is what we strive for. I am no different and will never claim to be. Still, the reality of his choice is a dagger in my heart. How will I ever learn to live without him?
Think of battle and vengeance against those that are your enemy, Nista.
Of course, that will work.
I wipe sweat from my forehead and hop from the wagon. I proceed straight ahead to climb the dusty hill that leads to the trail to the side of the cratered mountain that houses the underground caves of Olympia. Calm floods me. This will be an ideal battleground. I see various nooks and crannies I can hide in should I need temporary retreat. Yes, this dry desert will make the ideal battleground—as well as the ideal escape. We simply need to get used to the heat, especially Scovan who sweats more than any of us.
I don’t go inside the cave. I stand at its mouth staring out at the surrounding grounds to memorize every square inch of the place. This will be perfect.
More wagons pull up carrying members of my family followed by larger wagons decorated with plaques and banners announcing their precious cargo. The red wagon in front carries members of the Shalling clan while the white wagon that follows houses the Pershing clan—two rival families. Funny how we band together against a common enemy.
The Shalling family comes from the northwest provinces that stretch across the other side of  the Fleger River. They dress in red warrior clothes to match their fiery hair. They are experts at ghoul domination and have taken to keeping some as pets: household slaves and field hands.
The Pershings are blond, blue-eyed warriors from the eastern island of Marrein in the Lethian Sea. They grow no crops and refuse to manufacture anything. They call sea creatures from the deep to plunder goods from unsuspecting sea travelers. They will join the Shallings and swarm the ground demons leaving the air demons to us. When the battle is over we will go back to hating one another. This time we will have good reason, with little to no spirits to torment us, new lands will open up. While some of us will spread out and pursue higher learning, most will become petty and carve out fiefdoms far and wide. Master Cronus will no doubt have the largest share of the pie.
I watch Cronus descend from his perch. He greets the families and brings them inside for a tour of his creation. Many are interested in the way it will work. Me, I could care less. If it works, it works. If not, we will meet our end in this epic battle. And with the hole in my heart I now have, I really don’t care. I’ve lost too much and hurt too much.
Still, I plaster a smile to my face and nod as they pass by. If they truly see me they say not a word.

#  #  #

Three days later, Miriam leaves and my heart gets heavier. She will be part of the drawing forces to bring the ground spirits on the other side of the planet to us. Another loss. I don’t know if I can bear much more.
I toss my robes in favor of my black warrior’s shirt and skirt and run my fingers down the enchanted gold writing for comfort. I read the words and reflect on them as if I may never read them again. With the eerie quiet around me, that may be true. Perhaps the rest of my family is doing the same? I put on my black belt and tie on my Sonsai bag, but not before holding it to my forehead and saying a blessing. Then, I take out my knee-high, black boots. I always keep them polished according to our guidelines—so polished I can see my outline in them. One by one I put them on and again I stop to say a prayer. Last, I turn my arms to gaze on my marks, my sun tattoo. It gives me courage to go out and do what I must do to save my world and my family.
I sit atop the cave staring out, shielding my eyes from the harsh burning sunlight. I spy a small caravan making their way to us. They look as if they are on parade marching to the beat of heavy drummers. I see men out front with just that, drums, but the sound never makes it to my ears. The noise they make is like a whip cracking the air to attract attention. I see others with sticks beating the ground as they move forward while others in white outfits are tossing water from jugs as they walk alongside the front group. Yet, others have their hands cupped around their mouth and their heads tilted skyward. I can’t see their heaving chests but know that they are doing just that. They are calling spirits to them, driving them toward us. I sniff the air, it’s full of various fragrances but not the cinnamon that marks our final push to victory.
In the rear, on the last of several horse drawn wagons, a woman tosses her head about. Any other time this is cause for alarm. Today it is merely a woman tied to wooden blocks in the shape of a giant “X”. She is nude and smothered in incense. Two girls on either side of her fan her by whipping towels, paper fans, and the like to scent the air so that it will reach the flared nostrils of ghouls. I’m told we smell like honey to them.
When I look in the distance behind them I see a horde of ghouls trudging after the caravan. They are like circling vultures that animals look to as a sign that prey is ahead and waiting. That many ghouls are sure to attract the air spirits in search of a bountiful meal.
On either side of the caravan of horse driven wagons I observe what looks to be red marching ants but is in fact the Shalling clan. They chant and twirl with hands to heaven. I don’t have to be near them to know what they are doing, they are raising the dead. I watch the ground around them and I see the ground quaking. Mounds of dirt appear like small anthills to dot the vast barren landscape. A ghoul climbs from each mound. They lift their heads and howl into the wind in some unknown ritual they must perform on reviving. Perhaps they are giving thanks. They stand next to their holes and after the horde passes they fall in line at the rear to join the pack and trudge forward toward us.
The hairs on the back of my neck stand on end. My scalp tightens and feelings of dread tease the small breakfast I ate moments ago, tempting it to rise so I can look upon it once more. I swallow hard then steel myself.
This is all a part of the plan, Nista. Relax.
A whiff of cinnamon comes to me. It warns me of larger air spirits.

“I need my Guardians!”
I don’t look to Master Cronus, I look to the fifty odd women filtering out of the cave entrance. The old take positions close to the cave entrance for expediency. The younger girls, some as young as thirteen, saunter out in their white robes far from the entrance. From my position they line up to form a giant circle with a star in its center.
I remember watching them eat breakfast.
They come in together dressed in their white robes with gold writings. Each wears a crown of woven twigs and flowers, perhaps woven on the journey. Slaves bring them their meal on silver trays used by royalty. When the first lid rises, the smell of delicious bread wafts to me. This is not the bread my family serves us as we reach maturation, this is the bread Lexie’s family devours nonstop. I can’t help but to inhale its fragrance seeing is how I sit across from them. I know it is wrong and even hide my face while doing it, but I do it all the same. I can’t help it. The intoxicating smell captivates me, takes me prisoner and refuses to let me go. Furthermore, I have a nagging pain that seems like fire hovering around my ankles. I try not to think on it or what it may mean or drive me to do. It’s best to think on the present matters. I do just that and salivate as I watch a young girl close her eyes and draw up tight as if preparing to receive a kiss from her lover. She swoons and purrs. Then opens her eyes and takes another bite. After, she draws up even more.
I cannot let the moment pass. I gauge the crowd. While they eat and two girls closest to me close their eyes and swoon, I pilfer a piece of the blue bread and shove it in my Sonsai bag. Yet, that isn’t enough to satisfy my need. I don’t need it in my bag, I need it in my mouth. I flick my tongue to catch drips of spittle threatening to escape from my mouth as I salivate dreaming of eating my loaf. The girl nearest me has crumbs around her mouth. I reach out my hand while her eyes are closed and brush away the crumbs. She opens her eyes to look at me.
“Crumbs,” I say.
She smiles then moistens a piece of bread in the blue honey and plops it in her big mouth. This time there will be no crumbs. She makes sure of it with a flick of her pink tongue. No matter, soon as she closes her eyes and no one sees me, I put the previously captured crumbs in my mouth. I put my head on the table to hide my face so I can revel in the sensual flavors that burst like exploding rockets in my mouth. Heaven.
I see that same girl out in the field. She prostrates on the ground with her hands spread apart in front of her clutching mounds of dirt. She, like the others, have one duty they must perform, that is to draw air demons to this location by shining as bright as the sun. What demon can resist such a morsel?
I envy these girls. To be such a draw is dangerous but they understand their duty and welcome the challenge. And as I watch them from my hidden perch above the cave, I squint and see her shine. I see the others shine as well. When I squint even further, I swear before the Heavens I see them link up and they shine as one, as a giant beacon. I know this to be true, I look at our beaming fearless leader, the proud poppa. This might just have a chance at working. How awesome would that be?


Chapter 36: Round One


Cronus blows his horn. Battle time. I stake out my corner of the desert to defend against the forces of evil. I am high on the plane above the cave. In battles such as these, the small spirits attack first. My job is to turn as many of them into pebbles as I can. It will be some time before the cave platform activates, until then, we are on our own.
Action unfolds everywhere I look. The slow moving caravan disbanded. Our rivals, the Shallings and the Pershings, are a red-white blur out front, leading the charge. I find it astonishing and stop to gawk. Their ghouls wear red and white: clothing, rags, bandanas and anything else they can strap to them to identify them as belonging to us. Our army of ghouls charge ahead as the opening fodder to our war. Next their counterparts, the families, fight with spears, hatches, rakes, hammers and hand to hand when the situation calls for it. I witness the clashing of two magnificent forces in a free for all. It is heavenly.
Our Guardians stay prostrate on the ground in front of the caves entrance shining their lights like a giant lighthouse guiding the lost home to safety. Only they will find no safety in our arms. They will die in this place and bring prosperity to the land for centuries to come.
The stench of cinnamon fills the air. At first the air demons are a giant red ball on the horizon. One minute they are miles away and the next they are upon us.
“Ready,” shouts Master Cronus.
I crouch in battle stance, my hand on my Sonsai ready to draw my Hitton. As the first wave of demons come, I pull and activate it so it grows in size to fill my hands.
“Aim!”
I take aim with victory in my heart.
“Fire!”
“Ebidias conswallie!” I shout with the others. My box opens and a white beam shoots out to snare a small blue demon. It howls, twisting and turning, trying to free itself. “No you don’t. I got you now. Lamenté Callé!” with that command, the demon flies backward into my Hitton and the box closes. “Filas Bedosee!” I chant in a rush, checking on the spirits before me. I reach into the box and pull the blue pebble from it. Place it in my pouch and take aim at the next.
On and on I go with my brethren at my side. We shout and whoop it up with every capture. This is too easy.
I have time to look below into the valley at our brave fighters. Bits of bodies lie everywhere. A lot of their side is down with perhaps a fourth of ours. We are winning the ground battle but paying a heavy price by the crumpled bodies I see.
Suddenly, a second wave of ghouls charge forward. My heart drops. These are flesh eaters. Hundreds and hundreds of flesh-eating ghouls surge forward. They are fast. They ignore our ghouls choosing in many instances to spin around them, or roll over them. I witness several take to the air leaping over our ghouls to get the flesh that wears red or white clothing. Oh My Heavens. It can’t be. It can’t be. I witness a ghoul chomping on a young lady in red. Her face twists in horror before the monster rips it off with large stained yellow teeth. I stand transfixed, watching her death and then an alarm goes off.
A blue spirit flies at me. I pull my Hitton and chant automatically as if it were second nature to me. I stow it away in panic mode.
“Master,” I shout.
“Charge,” shouts Cronus.
We abandon the high ground to aid our comrades in the tight valley. I leap from my perch and land on solid ground. I break into a run without an ounce of fear for my safety. My family needs me. I push as hard as I can to get to the front of the pack. There, I stop and begin my battle. Hittons will not work on non-spirits and though they aren’t fully alive, they are solid and therefore require other tactics. I kick a ghoul back with a high leap then pull my power sticks. They become a long spear to whack everything in front of me. Killing is not my goal; I want to push them back to give our people a small respite. So I whack and whack without regard to the toll it takes on me. And then something horrific catches my eye. And then . . .
The ground quakes. Dirt flies high in the air. Thank the Heavens for that. It gives us cover. I look to my left. It’s Roland and his house, standing tall, throwing lightning bolts at the charging ground swell. My heart heaves at the sight of him.
“Circle up!” I give the order.
We gather in a circle with our backs to one another. I stand tall with my arms folded, a proud warrior’s sneer upon my face. It grows deathly quiet as the dust settles so we can see our enemy. Before it settles, I form my plan for victory. We are circled-up but soon we will disband into small groups to battle until one side is no more. Vanquish the enemy is all that runs through my mind.
A thunderbolt hits the ground and dust flies up. I hear massive yelling to my left. When I look sharper I see the cause: our workers. I thought they left a day ago but they are in makeshift pits below ground. They leap from the pits to add more numbers to our side. The command to charge sounds. The group with me—a pit before us with flesh eaters on the other side—stay put. We watch the charging flesh eaters, too occupied with feeding their bellies, fall into the pit for an easy kill. In no time we right the catastrophe and win the battle. Not a ghoul lives among us.
Tremendous roars go up from the proud warriors and villagers alike. I pump my fist and yell with them. We win, we have victory. I point and laugh as people go from one to another slapping their backs and celebrating.
 Then it comes, a boom that shakes the ground. It is as if a thunderstorm envelops us without warning. The sky darkens. Every voice hushes. A simple breeze whirls out of control to become a whirlwind. It whips my hair around my head so fast it stings. I feel as if lashed from a whip. No wonder horses speed up when the whip cracks. The noise alone is frightening. But we have more than noise, yes; we have a storm on our hands.
Lightning flashes before my eyes and demons materialize in its wake. We view a sea of gnashing teeth and yellow eyes, hundreds of air demons all heading for us. And if that isn’t enough, a new wave of ghouls stir on the horizon. By the looks of them, we face flesh eaters and soul rippers.
“Guardians! To the caves! To the caves!”
Cronus cups his hands to direct his words specifically to our ladies in white. They fulfilled their jobs and can take refuge. Not us, we ready for the next round, down hundreds of fighters and injuries to many more, we wait.


Chapter 37: Round Two


I look to the sky to see a new ominous cloud approaching. Many lose faith thinking it is a nail in our coffins. I crouch lower ready to do battle. With flesh eaters in front of me charging ahead with drooling mouths wide open and demons filling the air, what could be better? Bring it on.
The storm cloud grows denser and hovers between our opposing forces. It changes and becomes a barrier. That’s right. A black see-through barrier flies up between us and hundreds of flesh-eating ghouls. The black barrier turns red then flames high with a heat that pushes us back. It startles us so much we stare stupidly at one another. Then someone yells a battle cry. One by one we yell fiercely then start our new attack on the approaching air demons that rise above the barrier to descend on us. We will take them on first and we will succeed. By the Heavens I believe it.
We chant, scream, hit, and everything else we think to do in our all-out fight. I carve out a small area and defend with all my might. The battle goes well until the barrier changes to black and withdraws its heat. The hordes of ghouls charge the barrier which gives way now that many of the air demons have been defeated. I watch the barrier rise with exhilaration. I want to thank whoever blessed us with it. I think it might float off, not giving me the chance. It floats high and in the direction of the sun. I put a hand to my eyes to shield from the glare and watch a small portion break from it to return. That small part changes into a storm cloud and comes over me.
Curiosity makes me stretch upward to touch it as it hovers above my head with a horde of advancing ghouls approaching. I don’t know why I do it but I touch it. On second thought, it was something I breathed in, a familiar scent that flared my nostrils. I want more of that scent and inhale as deeply as I can. The smell is overwhelming. As my family races past me to engage the enemy, I’m transfixed with my hands above me touching a storm cloud. And then it happens.
The cloud lifts me high in the air by my wrists. It doesn’t burn or hurt. I feel . . . comfort. I relax as I fly high in the sky from my forward position to the mouth of the cave. It sets me gently to the ground away from the horde. I take up my stance to begin anew, prepared to battle until death takes me. Seconds later, a gentle wind caresses my face. The smell is fabulous. The cloud turns white and praise be to the Heavens, I break into a huge smile because at that point I know with every fiber of my being what the cloud barrier and wind are. I know in my heart it is my old friend. I reach a hand to it and it caresses my hand as proof.
“Lex!” I say breathy.
The cloud forms the face of Lexie. She smiles.
Fear wails in me, not for me, for her. I shake my head fiercely. “You can’t be here! No! You can’t.”
Lexie takes a more solid form inches from the ground. She is not all the way back but she leaves no doubt it is her. She smiles. “I’m not touching the ground. It took time, but that is what I learned from the Oracle.”
“But—”
“No buts, Nis. The Oracle told me something else. Drawing them here worked. You can’t see them, but Lucian is hiding in the wind around you. You can’t fight them from this side. You must enter the cave and descend not into their world but into yours. There you have a chance if you seize it.”
Lexie whispers in my ear and then goes around the corner. I see a flash and feel the emptiness once more.
I have so many questions to ask her but won’t get the chance. I look out at my family fighting. Ghouls are everywhere and when I look further out I see more arriving. But then I see a secret weapon, a new surprise kept for this moment. The other families are here, the Dyers, the Herrons, and the Stallwoods. I see Master Io with them, a tall dark warrior with his hands raised high. He chants and the ground quakes. Just like the tattoo on the sides of his head, the ground quakes and moves like a wave across the land. In its wake or ghouls. It is as if they are thrown from the graves angry enough to kill. They scream and charge under Master Io’s orders. They tear into the oncoming hordes and limbs fly skyward. After the dust settles I get my first curious look.
I look out at the hundreds that lie dead, some in pieces, some remembered only by a red stain. This has to end and we have to win. If that means retreating inside, I will retreat. I abandon earlier strategy, turn and walk into the cave, hoping and trusting in my dear friend’s revelations.


Chapter 38: Entry


I have no reason to enter the main cave, I eat and sleep in a separate wing with others. I can no longer avoid the thing that Cronus built. I push past those clustered at the entrance peeking out at the battle. I lift my head high and stand in awe of the monstrosity before me.
The cave is not dark, light shines from various sources. The ceiling rests thirty feet from the floor with stalactites extending downward. Some drip water mixed with minerals from calcified tips that look like icicles. As to the floor, everywhere I look I see Stars of David in various sizes. Giant black rods rise from unknown depths to stand bravely on the cave floor. Each looks like a giant round mirror. I suppose I can see my reflection if I so desire.
Salt litters the ground in large circles around the individual stars. Blood and Jameson Stones in bright blue, green, and red are also present along with lettering on the walls written in gold, black, and white. I read one of the spells written in giant letters on the far wall. Mystical symbols surround the writing. When I sniff the air, burnt vanilla is the main scent that comes to me. That means workers turn on the system when the sky fills with demons and then quickly shut it off. For obvious reasons the cave has not been fully activated. Soon it will come to life and spirits of all shapes, sizes, and colors will fly backward into its oblivion. I envision the spirits' screams. I should worry over such thoughts, instead I pray I see them screaming before my eyes.
That is a dark thought that shames me. Well, not really but it should. I will never walk the dark fields of Shalum. I shake the evil thoughts from my mind to return to the task at hand.
I take a final look at Master Cronus's Legacy, it is magnificent, but not for me. I keep Lexie in my thoughts and caress my belt and pouch. She said long ago she would not be at the final battle but here she is and by sheer will alone, I will keep her here, if only in my thoughts.
I brush dirt from my knee-high black boots and twist my feet into the warm soil of the cave’s floor. It really isn’t necessary but the visual helps me focus. The voices at my feet come like a raging river to me. I hear them all. I quiet my spirit and just like that I descend into a void beneath the cave. I fall for what feels like ages and when I stop, I am in a circular room with brick walls that stretch high above me into the darkness of infinity. Ahead, a door appears. The door opens to a lighted hallway. My feet move in that direction without commandments from me. I walk through the bright door squinting from the brightness unable to make out much until I reach the end of the hall and see a dark figure lurking. I draw up tall, ready to fight. The brightness dulls and there standing at the end of the hallway is Miriam, smiling.
“That was my light, did you like it?”
I nod trying to collect my thoughts.
“I used it to bring the others.” She beams.
“Miriam?”
“This way.”
Miriam opens the door behind her to lead me into another room.
I see Scovan. He is not the first person I would have liked to see but seeing him brings a smile to my face I cannot hide. I have Miriam and now Scovan. The heat in my cheeks overwhelms me so much that I lower my head trying to hide and deny what just happened.
“You don’t think you are going to take on the world without me, do you?” Scovan displays that mischievous grin that I hate.
“More the merrier,” I say, “ready?”
“As ever.”
I follow behind Miriam leaving Scovan to trail us.

Miriam moves to the center of the room. A scream rips itself from her throat. She swoons sideways. I rush forward then stop as she shimmers and then splits in two parts: Kie and Miriam. Kie doubles over in pain. Flames engulf my master. He turns to stretch a burning hand to me and then flies backward in ghostly form through the red door at the far end of the room. Miriam turns back into her solid form and appears to collapse. Both Scovan and I rush to catch her before she hits the floor. We cradle her in our arms and stare dumbfounded at each other with wide mouths.
“Miriam?”
“I’m . . . okay.”
We help her to her feet and watch as she places a hand over her heart. She then moves to touch her arms and legs. A smile breaks across her face as she looks up at me.
“Miriam?”
“I’m okay, really okay. Feel.”
I do just that. She’s solid enough.
I watch Scovan touch her and something clicks that hadn’t before. Scovan can see and touch her. Heavens. How is that possible?
While I’m flabbergasted, they move to the far door. Before there was only one door, now there are two, one red and one black. I reach for the doorknob of the red door and receive an electric shock as well as a nasty burn from its heat. The door bends toward us and forces us to take a step back. It then returns to its normal state.
That settles that, I will try the other. And so I do. The black door evaporates at my touch. In its place is a wall of blackness somehow liquid and moving. Instantly I know what it is and what to do.
“Come on.”
I step through first and sure enough I find myself in a magical place, a vast land of green grass as far as the eye can see. The overhead sky paints a picture of perfect blue with fluffy white clouds floating by in the gentle breeze. In the distance I see a magnificent white palace with rows of columns lining the front entrance and massive marble steps leading to them.
Perfect.
And then I see shimmers of lights that take the form of ghostly people walking to and fro in the area. These spirit people farm in one far off area that zooms toward me before stopping. One looks at me and for a moment I think it is Master Kie. He smiles then takes grains from his pocket and walks along scattering them on the ground in front of other farmers who come along covering with rakes. The man points at me and places his hand on his waist then nods. His face changes again. It is Kie, I am sure of it. He vanishes but the others remain and keep working. I turn to see children playing in another area. I listen to their laughter and see the smiling faces. They are so pleased. It is astonishing. And then I see the others going up to the house. They want to go in but an invisible curtain of some kind keeps them out. Perhaps they are unworthy to enter. I want to know for certain. It is such an amazing thing to witness. 
While this scene plays out, Kie flashes in my mind. I should grieve for my lost master, but I can’t be certain he is gone. Time will tell, so I keep my hopes up and keep the faith.
A bell goes off in my head and I remember Lexie’s words. This has to be the Auburn Fields and the house, the Plantation. I did it! I crossed over to the Underworld. I turn to my friends to tell them the good news and see it on their faces. They know.
We stand giggling, insatiably happy.
Miriam moves off to look around while Scovan and I take it all in without moving. Then, all the people vanish in a cascaded effect from the left to the right. I try adjusting to it in my head with great difficulty. What happened?
I feel a tug at my waist: Miriam. I turn to see a woman. She walks out of the house and down the steps. She sashays toward us wearing a full-length red robe with gold letterings on the sides and a gold choker around her neck. Her hair is a mixture of dark curls with fine trimmings cascading down her face with the majority braided around her head as if it were a hat, decorated with beautiful flowers. She appears to be one of the Heavens we worship, perhaps the Plantation’s Gatekeeper.
She saunters to us. My feet refuse to move, wanting to take in all the sights around them. “Hello, I’m Caeli.”
I bow slightly then shake her hand. “Nista.”
She then turns to Scovan and greets him. Then, she turns to the house as if to guide us in. She doesn’t greet Miriam. She can’t see her, but Miriam is there and even Scovan sees her. Something is wrong. While they move ahead, I stop, something from the distant field catches my eye. I think it is the farmer. I keep watching but move to trail the others while listening to them talk.
“Where are we?” asks Scovan.
“I would have thought that would be evident,” she says. “Look about, where else can you see lush farmland teeming with life?”
“These are the Fields?” Scovan’s voice rises. I hear excitement in his question.
Suddenly, a figure shimmers to our left then becomes solid and fall—a man wearing red robes. We rush around him to gaze on his form. Teeth marks line one side of his face. We notice huge chunks of flesh missing from the other side. We see clear to the jawbone on that side and above to an empty fragmented skull. Another chunk of flesh is missing from his throat. Toothy impressions line the jagged area, clearly the work of massive jaws. The Shalling warrior met his end at the hands of a potential pet. I wonder what he thinks of flesh eating ghouls now?
The body glows enough to push us back. When it ends, the man is whole. He climbs to his feet and runs his hand through the red stubble of his head. He smiles then turns and walks not toward the house but to the farmland and body of water beyond. He shimmers as he walks and is no doubt journeying to his eternal home on a pleasurable island in the Sea of Tranquility. I envy him.
My envy doesn’t last long. It brings reality back to us and it is Scovan who blurts “the war” before I can.
“Be not worried, my children.”
Caeli waves her hand in the direction of the Plantation and as if the sight we just witnessed wasn’t enough, above and to the right of the house we view Lucian the Deceiver struggling, bound in the sky and screaming in rage and fear. My family has him. That thought alone puts me in orbit. She waves her hand again and the images fade.
Then, another body shimmers into existence, this time it wears bloodied shreds of white with remnants of meat and bone within them. The horror glows before transforming into a breathing young girl with flowing blond locks: a Pershing warrior. Her smile lights the air around her. She waves and fades as she walks toward the distant waters. We lost another soul but I can’t be sad, her smiling face is my strength.
“I fought the good fight. I finished my race. I kept the faith.” I whisper the words to her back as she walks. “Go get your reward, sister.”
Scovan clears his throat.
We move toward the house again. Once more the strange farmer takes shape in the distance. Again he tosses grains of hay from the pouch at his waist. He nods to me, smiles, then fades. Odd?
I follow the others, anxious to go inside the house.
“They can’t defeat Lucian, right?” Scovan asks in a somewhat low tone.
“No, my child,” Caeli says, “impossible in that realm.”
“What about the others?”
“Some will perish but enough will remain to seed our new dawn.”
I stop moving. That isn’t right, is it? Something about the conversation they are having gives me pause. Again, I see the lone farmer perform his routine and vanish.
Instantly, I shudder. I put my hand to my waist to one of the pouches on my belt. My hand goes inside a pouch and feels the pebble that rests there. It gives me comfort to grip it and I relax according to my training. Furthermore, the pebble feels different; I compare it to a grain seed. The word “seed” blossoms in my mind. Caeli used the word. The farmer flashes in my head and the confusion clears. My relaxing brings the answer to me. I pull pebbles from my pouch. I quietly toss some to my left and right and move with the others across the grass field toward the white marble steps of the Plantation. I chant in whispers staring at the back of their heads and keeping the farmer in my thoughts, seeding as he had.
The lush grasslands of the Auburn Fields give way to stone, wood, and concrete as I place my feet on the first marble steps and listen to the soft voices at my feet fade into near nothingness. I fear those who have gone before me do not find me worthy and will not let me pass. I brace for a push back, why would they allow me entry? What honors have I earned? Nothing happens so I take another step and then another. Pushing forward, with a sigh of relief, I walk into the house.


Chapter 39: Homecoming


Caeli shows us into the dining hall of the house. “Sit, be comfortable. We shall dine and converse about your world.”
“Thank you,” I offer. I wait for her to sit at the head of the long wooden table that takes up most of the space. Plush red pillows decorate huge wooden chairs to make them look as if their owners are royalty. They are so heavy I barely move mine, thank heavens they are the proper distance from the table or I might have turned beet red with embarrassment. I sit to her left while Scovan sits to her right, Miriam sits to my left. Though we take the massively roomy chairs next to her, we are at least an arm’s length from each other and her. She claps her hands and the wall shimmer behind her to her right. The same happens behind Scovan. I want to turn to look behind me but dare not. I watch the shimmering behind Caeli take the form of a young woman dressed in black and white. The woman exits the wall and a tray materialized in her outstretched arms. I sense commotion behind me. I glimpse a female servant moving to Scovan and have no doubt there is one at my back as well. My eyes go back to Caeli. I smile as the servant sets the tray down and lifts the lid. I sniff the air and instantly know what awaits me. My eyes stay fixed on Caeli’s tray as the aroma fills my nostrils causing me to lower my heated face as I seek to control myself. With my head lowered, I glimpse Miriam and my blood freezes. The look on her face tells me all I need to know.
I could revolt, instead I smile my best smile of record.
“For long life and vitality,” says Caeli. She holds a glass of water. “Eat, drink, and be at peace on this new dawning.”
“The new dawning,” echoes Scovan, holding his glass high. He looks to me and to Miriam then gulps from his glass. He breaks a piece of his bread loaf and dips it in the cup of blue honey and devours the tasteful treat.
I know better than to eat but fear it is too late. I use that as my justification to proceed guilt free. I break a piece of my loaf and swirl it in the honey. The words “new dawning” swirl in my head. I eat with gusto. Soon I will do battle and this is the very thing I need to fuel me. I don’t stop until my small loaf becomes a few crumbs which I seek out to prevent their escape. They too fall victim to my ravenous attack.
Caeli claps with a satiated look on her face. “More!” Servants reappear with a second round of the delicious morsel. This time I go slower. It is time for answers.
“Caeli, tell me,” I begin, “you said Lucian couldn’t be defeated, what did you mean by that?”
“I said no such thing, everyone can be defeated.”
“But you said it was impossible.”
“In that realm,” says Scovan. He looks down at his plate in total concentration. He runs a piece of bread around his empty cup trying to soak up any remaining honey, he snickers to himself. I glance to Caeli and see uneasiness in her face. Perhaps she thought I didn’t remember. She should know that the honey not only intoxicates but sharpens as well.
“Yes, thank you, Scovan. I believe that was it, impossible.”
I wait to see if the blood rushes from her face or advance to turn it bright red. Surprise enters the equation when she does neither. A smile graces her lips. She sits taller, knowing.
“The world is divided into many realms,” said Caeli. “Lucian is a spirit, is he not? Logically he exists on another plane by that fact alone.”
I didn’t know what to make of her, she gave nothing away. She sipped from her glass staring at me with all the subtlety of a snake with its head back ready to strike. Yet, she smiled alluringly as if a beautiful woman on a portrait enjoying a lovely meal with friends. It was hard to reconcile the two images. Each one was bold and sharp and true.
As I watch her, I hear whispers coming to me from below. The whispers grow louder. Try as I might I can’t separate them. Perhaps another bite of bread will help? I begin a third loaf and feel my heart in my throat for a split second. Pain returns to my ankles. Caeli smiles and nods ever so slightly. For an instant her red hair flames brighter. Perhaps it is my imagination or delirium from the honey bread. I should stop eating but with each bite I want more. And now I feel heat at my feet. The voices that swarmed them have been replaced with a soft steady heat that snuck up on me ever so gently. Heat swarms my feet, but it is delicious heat. I take another piece of heaven and lose myself in the taste and the heat.
As I stated, only once can I recall such a feeling, a feeling I attach to Roland and the way he brings my lower body to raging hellfire with his kisses. This feeling, this intoxication that I now have is that feeling, amplified to encompass my entire being. I want to get lost in that feeling. I want to live forever in that feeling. I want to float away and the Heavens as my witness, I do just that. I float above the table and see a blue cloud, Miriam. I see Scovan through a haze and view our host as a thin hazy image with flames about her. I shake off the nonsense and climb higher, past brick walls to the surface and look out to see my family. The cave platform has activated. Why didn’t I feel its powerful surge?
I watch the faces of the air demons as they desperately try to flee, but race backward to their doom. Fearful faces watch their bodies elongate and move to the dark, ominous mouth of the cave, never to be heard from again. I want to be sad for them. The look on their faces would touch the hardest of mothers and bring out that protective instinct we have. For me, their fearful faces and struggles warm and moisten parts of me I dare not mention or think on. But it is there, and I crave more of that feeling. I want to reach out and touch one of the demons as it flies backward and roll in its misery. I feel myself getting hotter, moister but I can’t stop the feeling.
I feel a hand at my waist. Miriam. Suddenly I am back in my chair. The delicious grin on Caeli’s face and the blue drool in the left corner of Scovan’s mouth force my head low.
“NO!”
I break from Miriam’s grasp to summon power and raise my head determined to stare them down. I see two of each person—halves of the same coin. Now is the time to act but I am weak and disoriented if I stand. I need one of the Scovans to help me.
“Scovan.”
Miriam rushes to his side and touches him.
He straightens and wipes his mouth, our mutual stupors end, bringing us back to reality. Yet something nags at me. Something I knew moments ago but somehow forgot. It is the overpowering bread and honey. I want more and now I pay the price.  I climb to my feet. I should have waited but I have enough information to make my case and pass judgment. I know who she is. This is all an illusion on her part. I thought I entered the Plantation to feast at the table with my Heavens. My friends and I have been deceived. What remains is if she knows and if we can stop her?
I flash a knowing look to Scovan, hoping he knows my meaning. We work surprisingly well though I never would have chosen him from the start. Still, he is here with me and performs above reproach. As I stare at him, his face changes. His eyes fall to his lap. Mine do as well. He knows!
I warm inside and set my mind to do battle. My family will take care of Lucian. Scovan, Miriam, and I will end his mother. Speaking of Miriam, I watch her move with purpose closer to the side of Caeli.
Caeli senses our knowledge and pushes up from the table, grinning pure evil. “So, you know who I am?”
“Of course,” I say, “Skylla.”
“Well, let’s not stand on ceremony,” she says. She whirls and throws her hands above her head. A whirlwind goes up. We have to act fast.
“Get her.”
We dive for her. I fly across the table knocking shakers and the like about. She sidesteps and I hit the floor. Miriam dives for her legs and holds on tightly. After a time Skylla kicks her loose and faces Scovan as I hurry to my feet.
“You want to play?” she thunders, “then play in my world.”
We find ourselves outside in the grassy plains. The house fell away to be replaced by a waist-high brick well to Skylla’s right. She moves toward Scovan and staggers to the right past his outstretched hands and I can do nothing but watch her dive down the well. I move to join her, determined more than ever to catch and end her.
“No!” Miriam grabs me around my middle. I stagger another two steps before stopping. “The well leads to Mardour.”
“I don’t care!” 
I shouldn’t have screamed, it made her coil around me more, I was on a roll and couldn’t stop myself. My heart thunders and adrenaline flows like torrential rains. I will have her.
“Scovan!”
Scovan, without answering, helps me untangle myself from Miriam’s reptilian grip.
“No, no, no.” Miriam screams, holding tighter.
I should hate her for slowing me down. Instead, I give her a look that makes her release me, then I run for the well not caring if I have help or not. I hear their steps behind me. I take flight and with arms in front of me, I enter the dark well and the crushing void. I hear my friends screaming. I concentrate to make this world mine then reach out to snare them. Seconds later we touch down and see Skylla running down a long hallway. I pull the end shut with my mind and race for her. Scovan, Miriam, and I dive for her. We feel her heat but hold on.
I chant a spell to bind her to the wall. Scovan joins in. She struggles, screams and twists, kicking up a fierce wind but none of it does any good, we have her. I don’t know how we can end her but it will come to me in time.
Suddenly, the walls around us flame hot and become a molten flow. Scovan arches in pain from contacting the wall. Skylla flings him off her and now becomes a handful for us girls.
The ground opens at our feet to spew steam from the depths.
“The throne,” shouts Scovan, pointing at the small forming circle near her feet, “don’t let her touch the throne.”
Already she distorts her body with legs reaching downward. Already Miriam wraps her small frame around one leg as I go low for the other. It does no good. She kicks off the young warrior who rolls into Scovan with a hard thud that no doubt makes her see stars. I watch her shake her head to clear the cobwebs. Miriam shows true grit and readies to leap back into the fray. A sneer rises beneath her nose.
“No, Miriam. Stay there. I have her. Stay there.”
“I see my mother,” shouts Miriam. “She has my mother.”
Miriam launches herself toward our enemy. I can’t let her do it. I can’t let her throw her life away. In my mind I form a cage and then wrap it around Miriam to hold her. I watch her scream and rage, gripping the bars and screaming. She can’t get out and will stay safe. I go back to focusing on my enemy and as I hold her slippery form, she oozes through my grip toward freedom. Clarity strikes me.
I flash on a memory of my childhood. A child was swimming in the river. When the child got out and turned around, its eyes were evil, pure evil—the same eyes that Scovan has right now.
“What?” asks Scovan, arching his eyes, finally coming along side me to help me with the impossible.
I don’t think, I take my hands from Skylla’s slithering husk and shove Scovan against the wall. The back of his head burns against the hot wall. He screams in torment.
“Nista! Nista! What is the matter with you?”
I ignore him and push harder, determined to push the monster through to the other side.
All at once he stops screaming and starts laughing. I stand dumbfounded while he laughs. He breaks my grip and slaps me hard against the face. I whirl backward and hit the opposite wall.

#  #  #

I stare at what looks to be a metal wall with a person encased within: Master Kie. My master stares out as if looking across the way at a far off pond or tree, serene like. A shaky finger extends wanting to touch him but I can’t from my bound chair in the center of the room.
“Scovan?”
I struggle to free myself. The straps at my wrists tighten, cutting into my skin to send waves of pain into my brain. I stop and stare, glaring with contempt while Scovan converses at the wall.
“Scovan,” I twist more.
“So how did you know?” he turns, flashing an amusing look, tilting his head more as if I’m an oddity.
“It’s my job, don’t you remember?”
“I suppose, but enlighten me.” He arches his brows several times just to annoy me.
What the hay! Struggling proves tiresome and painful, besides, he has the upper hand. Maybe capitulating might help. I have nothing to lose. Whatever I say can’t hurt me more than I am already. I puff out my chest. “Miriam for one. Only I can see her. For you to see her is a red flag, especially since Skylla can’t see her.”
“Oh, I see. What else? Humor me.”
“Scovan?”
“That’s not my name.” He stalks to me then turns my head so I clearly see my master trapped in a wall. I shoot hate at him and his deceit. Why change sides when we are so close to winning? Then I think of what he said. I relax to a low simmer.
“Your name . . . what would that be?” I ask through gritted teeth and a challenge stare that says when I get free you will pay.
Scovan laughs.
“Still don’t get it, do you? Look.”
He turns my head and as my anger subsides to give way to practical reason I see the wall is continuous, a circle. I sit in a room with circular walls. To the right of Kie I see countless others trapped and staring with unseeing eyes. They disappear and heat rises. The middle of the wall glows where Scovan earlier spoke in whispers. A face appears. From the wavy hair I venture a guess that it is Medusa with a head of snakes. The heat fades and the face is one of an old acquaintance: Skylla. She has a round face with fierce small eyes and pointy hair that extends twice the length of her face. Each strand of hair moves within the metal wall as if swaying in the wind.
I take a breath. He betrayed us and is in league with evil.
“A friend of yours?” I speak as if I don’t care who she is and have no fear. Truth be told I am a bundle of chattering nerves frantically searching for an elusive solution to the puzzle before me.
“You remember when as a child you played on the shores of Iru and witnessed a boy swimming in the water while many shouted for him to return to shore with everyone else?”
I set my mind to recall these events. At first I can’t, thrown by the name. Then it comes to me. At that time I was with my friend Joseph who kept saying he heard sirens singing to him.
“I remember.”
Scovan began to sing and old nursery rhyme, my scalp tightened. It was as though a great hand gripped my skull and closed crushing fingers. Another minute and I might hear my skull crack. I envisioned the nymph in the center of the lake. I concentrated on that to keep my focus, drown out his noise, and make my move.
I feel a lurch upward.
Scovan stops singing to stare at me. After a while he stops staring. He points to the wall. My brows fall together in confusion. I look from the smiling face to Scovan’s wicked dark smile.
He sings another verse then stops. “Your friend sank beneath the waters and returned as—”
“A girl,” I volunteer.
“Yes, a girl,” he says with a scowl as if the mere word is distasteful to him. “She was swept up and carried off to the north where she fed more. That girl then underwent a transformation of youth and beauty.”
An imaginary fist digs into my scalp with a vengeance. Pieces are starting to fit into their proper places. Still, I need a bit more.
“What is the point, Scovan?”
Scovan moves closer to the image on the wall. The hair has always moved but for the first time I notice the image move slightly but it never speaks. It isn’t the real Skylla. Was Scovan mad? Had the bread and honey slowly unraveled him?
Two things are clear: First, Scovan did not just switch sides as I thought, he is the thing that inhabited poor Joseph after he was eviscerated. He somehow joined us with one mission in mind—infiltrate and report back to Lucian. Yes, Scovan is a deceiver, a destroyer in our mists and allied with the greatest deceiver of our time. And second, it is time to make my move. I focus and harness the power in me.
A pounding comes from the walls. Ghouls shimmer into being looking as statuesque as Kie. I think they may stay that way but then steam rises around them and they step through the smooth metal wall to stand in the circle with us on all sides. Scovan’s face breaks into fear. A gasp escapes his lips. He wants to back up but can’t for fear of touching a ghoul. He looks at me, wondering perhaps why they don’t move from the wall. He looks about looking for a way to escape but ghouls line the circular metallic wall covering every inch.
“Release me,” I order.
Two ghouls come forward and remove my shackles. I stand wrenching my wrists to improve my feeling, all the while staring at a humble Scovan.
“One step forward,” I command.
I take delight in giving the order for them to advance. The ghouls move a step away from the wall toward him and he slinks back a step with his mouth open and eyes large, his hands up as if to protect him from the sight. I wonder what he thinks now, trapped in his menagerie with no way to escape?
“You should have taken me to Skylla, Scovan.”
“Nista, please.”
“Another step.”
The ghouls close in further. I see wave after wave of emotion cross Scovan’s face. I want to catalog them all to replay them at my leisure. I warm with the thought. I pass between two and turn with delight.
“Another step.”
When they finally close around his panicky frame, Scovan howls.
“Hold him!”
Purple sparks move between the ghouls and where they touch Scovan. I marvel at the current that passes between the ground and his body, draining him of his energy. I wait until he goes slack then move forward through the masses and kneel to view him. He uses his remaining strength to struggle against the ghouls holding him down on all sides. His head tosses from side to side like the little demon he is.
“And the Heavens will separate the wheat from the chaff.”
“What?” he asks with that same stricken glare.
“I sprinkled seeds from my belt earlier. How do you like my harvest, my creations?”
“For the sake of the Heavens, Nista. Please.”
I caress his quivering face, feel the wetness of his sweat. I sniff the salt in the air from it and so want to run my tongue down the side of his face.
“You shouldn’t have brought me to your world, Scovan. Big mistake.”
“Nista, please. It was him. But I’m fine now. Look, Nista, I’m fine, now.”
His words fall on deaf ears. The hunger within me wants screams. Scovan’s screams. I will have his screams. I reach and hold his head still. I hush him with sympathy and rub his head telling him it will be all right. All the while the furnace in me flames high, stoked by every whimper and panicked look he gives me. I want to kiss him and pull his last gasping breath. Instead, I shush him until he falls silent.
“Your mistake, Scovan, was telling me about your connection. Now I know why my family can’t defeat Lucian. ‘It is impossible to defeat him in that realm’ remember.” I slap the side of his head just to elicit another pleasurable scream. “Part of Lucian is inside you, isn’t it?”
He tosses his head from side to side. “No, no! I’m a warrior, Bladsworth strong, a demon hunter.”
“Shhhh, shhhhh.”
“No, no. I’m a —”
“Shhh, Scovan, it will be all right. It really will.”
He is nothing more than a rag doll now. I turn his head to the wall so he faces the smooth metal. A man appears, gazing straight ahead, encased in the metal. I put a hand to Scovan’s chest and the other on the ground to listen.
Once more I float upward to look down on the circular room. I see Scovan on the floor slightly twisting being held down on all sides by my ghouls with me kneeling at his head. I see Lucian in the sky struggling against a blue beam that grips him while my family fights him and his minions.
A delicious idea births itself.
The hand I hold to his chest moves downward toward his legs. I stop, close my fingers around an imaginary zipper above his groin and pull upward with force toward his head. Scovan arches high in the air with a scream so deafening I think the walls might shatter. At that very moment I see Lucian arch forward in pain then descend a few feet from the sky.
Perfect.
I want to curl into a ball from the sensation it gives me, instead I swoon. It isn’t pain, it’s pure pleasure. Orgasmic. I found something new that I wanted. Something I had to have and no one could stop me from getting. My chest heaves. My heart pounds. My loins moistened and that feeling comes back. I need more.
“Watch, Scovan.”
I turn his head back to the man in the wall. Reach down and yank, ripping energy from Scovan. Scovan screams.
“Watch!”
I fling the energy at the man in the wall. He shimmers into spirit form and moves from the wall. He hovers inches from where he had been captive then moves upward like a cloud to swirl around the high ceiling.
“Ready, Scovan?” I tease.
“No, please don’t.”
I rip more energy from his chest and fling it at another, then another, and another. Scovan screams and screams and as I look out, I see Lucian doing the same. He tied himself to Scovan and I had him. Rip after rip I tear from him in a haze of delirium, my mind so drunk with pleasure I barely know where I am or what I’m doing.
I feel a hand at my waist. Miriam. Where did she come from?  She smiles and points at something I overlooked—Master Kie. Calmness comes over me. I don’t want to do this, not him, but I must. I fling energy at him. He smiles and moves in cloud form to the ceiling with the rest.
I place my hand within Scovan’s exposed chest and chant. “I release you.” I shove both hands into him and watch him scream. His face twists into a knot for a moment and then returns to that of a girl. Excitement fills me so I push more to watch her glow bright as the sun. The wind circles us, lightly at first, but then stronger. I shove more energy into the glowing Scovan and relish the last scream as she pops.
The ceiling opens and the spirits leave.
“Look,” says Miriam.
We look to the ceiling and see outside. Lucian bursts and thousands of spirits escape.
“Momma!”
“Go.”
Miriam hugs me.
“Thank you.”
“You’re welcome. Go!”
Miriam changes into spirit form and floats up. I see her ghostly hand wave goodbye to me before she goes through the ceiling to reunite with her family. I envy her. But I still have work to do. I pick myself off the ground and lay my ghouls to rest.
“Skylla!” I cup my hands. “Skylla! Get ready, I’m coming for you!”


Chapter 40: Skylla


I move back to the hole in the floor Skylla slithered into to begin my quest. The space looks foreboding the way it seems to expand and contract on a microscopic level. I wonder if it will contract around me as I enter thus choking the life out of me to prevent my final battle with its landlord. I kneel to peer inside the space. It glows at the edges and they appear burnt somehow. I sharpen my focus to see miniscule movement at the edges. It truly contracts and expands as I thought. Standing tall, I say a prayer and hop into the hole with my eyes closed and arms crossed over my chest. Down I descend for an eternity. My insides press tight and no air is in my lungs. I gasp and pant before touching down to feel the ground at my feet.
I am safe. Well not exactly safe, I know I abandoned many of my teachings and broke rules meant to keep me safe on this journey. I wasn’t safe and neither was my family on the surface. Our intricate plan must fall by the wayside in favor of reality. Skylla has to die and I am in the perfect position to end her. I will not turn back, the die has been cast and today I will give my all to free my people. Having made the decision, I open my Sonsai and kneel on the floor. I pull my hidden treasures from my bag—my backup plan—and devour them on the spot. I didn’t think I could get any more lightheaded than I was but somehow I accomplished that feat. No turning back now, this is the end. I stand, wipe the blue drool from my mouth, and wait for the spinning to stop.
Darkness surrounds me for the briefest of moments. The lights rise and I stand in the middle of a room with white brick walls that tower skyward for as far as the eye can see. Pictures appear out of thin air to hang on the walls, popping into existence one by one from my position down never-ending sidewalls. I turn to the one on my left and casually stroll to it, turning my head side to side on the lookout for danger. The picture is there for a reason and may give me some clue as to where Skylla lies in this secret place of hers.
It is a portrait of a robed man standing on a hill with several ghoulish hands rising from the mound he stands on. The man looks at me and I swear he is there in the flesh with me. The hairs on the back of my neck tingle with electricity. I should move to the next portrait, instead I move closer bringing my face to the portrait to stare him down and win this battle. If this is a test, I intend to win. My face twists into a determined scowl and I clench my fists. As I watch, the man sweats; traces of sweat appear on his head beneath his black bowler hat. His once sinister eyes grow to slits. I stare harder and watch them widened. He vibrates for a split second. I won. A delicious smile spreads across my face emboldening me to lean in more. Just like that, he vibrates again. The picture’s frame shakes. My eyes move to the edge of the frame and back and just that quick, a spirit flies from behind the man’s eyes toward me. I jerk my head out of the way and feel a cold breeze that makes me shudder. As I turn, the blue spirit flies upward, stops, turns in full human form and grins while hovering in the air over my head.
“She’s in there,” it says, “waiting for you. Hurry and die, but don’t worry about the afterlife, I’ll be there to play with you soon.” He chuckles then zooms upward to parts unknown.
“Oh yeah.”
I speak to the room while clapping my hands to remove imaginary dirt. I just wanted the sound. Truth be told, my heartbeat is fast approaching the loudest sound in the room. And that, I don’t need.
I set my mind to find her and proceed down the darkened path. As I go, the portraits on the walls seem to slope downward with the floor and heat seems to increase with each step I take. The room grows darker the closer I come to its end. There is no turning back. My family is winning above and I found a traitor in our midst. These are good omens for my journey ahead. 
I go back and forth but the truth of the matter is that I may never get another chance. In the deepest corner of my mind I know this to be true. This is my last stand. We are on equal footing in this place, there is no turning back.
I move with purpose and feel the front of my legs burning from my downward trajectory. My ankles hurt so bad they may never be the same again. Still, I push on.
Our plan, if followed, is something Skylla will not see coming. I’ve had to make adjustments and as I recount the major points, a smile creases my face with my next steps. As fast as it comes, it vanishes.
I find myself staring at the glowing entrance I hopped through moments ago and more darkness beyond. I look up to see an identical opening. Confusion sets in but no matter, I move forward to prepare to hop down this entrance with my arms crossed over my chest once more.
“Nis.”
The voice freezes me. I look to the hole above me. While I watch, a figure shimmers and then descends to stand next to me in the spitting image of my love, my Roland. He smiles. He points upward. Above I see my master staring down at me. Master Kie waves then smiles his encouraging smile to propel me forward. If ever I needed a boost . . . I can’t say which provided the greatest. I only know I receive a new charge of energy for the coming battle.
Turning to the tower of strength before me, I want to jump on Roland and have my way with him without delay. But he is a master and I a humble apprentice. The lines were made clear on our journey to this land, but the aching is there and no doubt shows through my eyes and my goofy expression. I had made peace with not seeing him again, knowing he and the others would lead better lives after this day, yet, here he is in the flesh. Every part of me warms with a new heat.
“How?”
“Can’t you tell?”
I look up again. This time master points forward. He glows at his edges. If only I had time to ask him of his new adventures after crossing over. Instead, I smile, nod, then move forward down the darkened long hallway that slants downward. Roland takes my hand and for a moment we walk in silence. Then, I stop at a light source before us.
“I have to do this, Roland, you don’t.”
“I know everything.”
I expected harsh words, an argument or worse. I received the gentlest of kisses that ignited fireworks within me. He is the only one who can light the fuse within and force me to change my mind and leave.
I break our embrace to stare at his beautiful gray eyes. I search them. “Please don’t try to stop me. This is my purpose, my reason for being.”
His face falls. His eyes roll up to me and he cups the sides of my face, brushing back my raven hair. His smile does things to me. It makes me want to run away and live with him in peaceful bliss for ages. And for a moment I am ready to give in.
Ahead, the doorway lights brighter to remind me of my mission.
Again, we kiss then move forward in silence. I can’t say what Roland thinks but as for me, I burn every kiss into my memory to treasure for an eternity. I record his face and tattoos once more. I record the amount of pressure he applies to my hand as we walk. I record his height and take long deep sniffs of the air he moves through to record his scent. I know him better than he knows himself. Better than anyone will ever know this man I love.
I walk through the doorway first.
The room we enter is unmistakably a throne room. The high white walls surrounding us are immaculate and hold oversized portraits. To the far end I see cascading marble steps that are red on top and white in the middle. A red platform stands atop the steps and in the center is a magnificent red and gold throne—all of which surrounded by tall white columns standing between the chair and the outer walls.
Skylla sits on the throne wearing a red dress and robes to match the throne and more important than that, she holds a red aura making her face and arms appear red in color. I move in front of Roland to block his view of her.
I plaster a smile to my face, tilt my head, and speak in whispers without moving my lips. “Do you have your pebbles?”
“Yes,” he whispers.
“Throw them about. Take care she doesn’t see.”
I hold my smile and move toward her at a snail's pace. I feel Roland at my back. Occasionally his arm moves. I can’t say how much pleasure it gives me having him so close.
Skylla keeps her eyes forward while we advance. I suppose she thinks no harm can come to her in her lair. Inviting me in was a mistake and boy is she in for a rude awakening.
I stop in front of her.
Skylla looks at me or more precisely, through me.  She turns a shade of green with her warped smile and then she is normal. “Come out child, let me see you. Hiding behind a woman's skirt. Really?”
It doesn’t take a genius to know Roland didn’t take that well. I feel him bristling, stiffening. He comes around and stands in front of me to block my view.
“I don’t need to hide, Skylla.”
“Good.” She chuckles.
“Are you going to go quietly or is this going to be a fight?”
I couldn’t believe Roland said such a crazy thing. I wanted to roll my eyes but didn’t get the chance. Roland flung a lightning bolt at her and pushed us to the side. I hit the floor with my ears ringing. Dust and debris flew everywhere. We were in danger of choking from the thick gunk.
Another bolt flies, I see the flash before its impact. I roll to the side to crouch into a fighting position. I don’t wait, I spring like a tiger the minute the smoke clears and I see her. Skylla stands in front of her toppled and smoking chair. I can’t let Roland take up my mission, he has to survive this. Before he sees me and tries to stop me, I dive for her, holding an image of my prison cell in my mind. We both tumble forward then stop with a crunch. I scream in pain, landing against metal bars and my back hurts like never before. But I did it; I took Skylla out of her world and brought her into mine. Now I can finish her.
Skylla climbs to her feet and looks about her prison. She fastens her eyes on me. A delicious smile sweeps across her face. She clenches her fists, rears back, and opens her mouth to release a shriek to topple mountains. I bend and clutch my ears to block the noise. When I look up again the bars are gone. We are no longer in my trap but back in the throne room with her toppled chair.
“Allotaya fee los!” Skylla shrieks. All around the walls, eyes peer into the room. Faces come next and then bodies in ghostly silhouette. I can’t say who they are but if she is calling them they are no friends of mine. What to do?
“Never plant your feet on the throne.”
The words run through my mind on a loop. The Marshon already places me at the throne and she broke out of my prison before I could wrap my hands around her and choke the evil out of her. The throne is my next best option. If I touch it I can match her power and defeat her. But if I do, there will be no more Roland. There will be no more happiness. If I touch that throne I touch the core.
Then I remember. I don’t have to defeat her. My trap can still work. If I touch the core and grab her, we can forever more be locked in battle, trapped at the core with me as prison guard. That was the original plan I presented to the masters though Kie rejected it opting for a lesser evil for me. I’m sorry, Master, I have to for the sake of all. I look through the smoke to see Roland to my right. Skylla is several feet in front of me next to her throne. Roland and I lock eyes. This is it, the end of us. What our status didn’t take away, this surely would. All I can do is smile as my options dwindle to the inevitable. I take a breath to smile once more.
Roland’s eyes grow big as saucers. The skin on his head crinkles as his scalp tightens. His mouth goes wide and he draws up tall. “No! Nista, No!”
I’m so sorry, my love. I run for her with all my might. With one hand I lunge to catch her while trying to place my foot on the throne at the same time. I believe I can hook my foot on the chair and fall next to it gripping her.
“Nis! No!”
I can’t stop. I run on and as I near her, from the corner of my eye I see her smiling as if she doesn’t have a care in the world. Why should she? She just defeated my best effort easily. What she doesn’t know is that her smirk powers me to new heights. I hate evil and I hate bullies. So while she smirks I pick up speed for my assault and see a flash that makes me stutter step but I keep going.
It’s Roland. He throws one of his bolts. I thought he aimed for her, he didn’t. He aimed for the throne. Instead of placing my foot on its edge to hook it, the missed step will place my foot on top of the chair. I see it but can’t slow to correct. My fate has already been sealed so I go with it and my foot readies for contact. To my surprise, my foot lands squarely on top of the bolt to form a bridge. I grab Skylla and wrap my arms around her. Forward momentum makes me break the connection. Skylla and I tumble forward inches from the throne. With quick thinking, I drag her backward to replant my foot and hold on for dear life. As I do, Roland throws another bolt to keep me from touching the toppled throne. I feel the heat at my feet and clutch my enemy with all my might.
Skylla shrieks, twists and turns, but it does no good. I have her. All that remains is for me to lift my foot off the bolt and touch the throne. By doing that, I keep Roland safe while sending my feet to the core to wrap around it as my enemy does. Skylla can never leave the core and neither can I. I will protect my world in this manner. If it takes wrestling day and night with her I will. Otherwise we can do whatever, but if she rears her head in the world I will be there to pull her back down. From here on out she will have me for company to ensure my world stays safe.
“Child!”
The voice thunders as I ready to make the transition. I see the treasure box in my mind again. I touch one of the bolts to receive secrets hidden from us mortals. I stop to find my love. This might just work.
“Roland, the spirits.”
Roland kneels and chants. Ghosts push up from the floor to take solid form. They are spirits she and her minions dispatched throughout the ages. They hate her as much as I do. They move to her and pin her to the floor.
“Allastar, help your servant,” I shout.
The floor bursts open. Debris flies around as two large hands spring up and clamp around her middle to pull her tighter to the floor. She screams and twists. She looks to the wall to her right, “help me.”
Eyes appear in the wall followed by shimmering faces. Instead of aiding her, they watch. Some smile.
Master Kie is there too. He flies from the wall as a spirit and takes solid form at Skylla's head.  I hold the struggling demon while he chants. His words rip lives from her; they break free and soar high above and disappear. He continues his litany while our ghouls and Allastar's hands hold her down, draining her power.
I watch her scream and struggle. I watch her age, grow old and wrinkled. I watch her head turn to the side and her eyes close.
“Master?”
“She can never be destroyed, Nista, only held. Do you understand?”
“Yes, Master.”
I stare at my master. This is the end we hoped to avoid but knew might come into play. They drained her for me instead of trying to kill her, we know she would never expect such a tactic. Overconfidence in her immortality blinded her to our plan. The problem is that she will over time regain her lost strength and feed on new souls to once again peer into our world. I am now more powerful than she and can take on the challenge of keeping her from feeding and gaining strength. To that end, I take my master by the shoulders and smile. “Rest, Master. You have earned your place in the Auburn Fields as well as the Plantation. Go in peace.”
“Farewell, sister. May the Heavens give you strength.”
He gives a look to Roland, smiles, then fades as he moves up to the ceiling. My master is leaving me for good. I am not one for long goodbyes and appreciate his tact. Now for Roland.
Roland has done a lot to save me, but in the end, it does no good. I'll miss him. I’ll miss them all.
“I have to hold her here, Roland. You know what that means.”
He turns soulful eyes to me. I see tears pooling in them. “There has to be another way.”
“There isn’t. Go, Roland. Live and remember me on occasion.”
“I can’t leave you.”
“You have to go, Roland. I will not trap you in here with us for all eternity.”
“Why not?”
I hadn’t expected that, it caught me off guard.
“Two of us, Nis, against her.”
I give it thought. I don’t want to and in the end I know I can’t, just like I know I couldn’t let him take up my mission with Cassie. Roland is a pure soul. We need masters like him if we are ever going to rebuild. He is too important. Rather than answer, I stand to ready the finale to save my world. The more I try avoiding his eyes the more they seem to find and torture me.
“Roland, I love you.” He glowers waiting for the other shoe to drop. I take in a long breath then clear the dry lump in my throat. “Two of us trapped are enough. They need you out there, Roland. Let me do this without having to worry about you. Give me that, Roland.”
Roland takes me in his arms and kisses me. I squeeze tighter wanting to push us into one being. Finally, we separate.
“What’s left to do?”
Finally, he resigns himself to our fate. I must confess it takes me by surprise. I expected him to fight more. Nevertheless, I kiss him again.
“Time for the trap, again.”
I close my eyes to focus. I take us back to my prison—Skylla's husk inside with me and Roland on the outside. He brings his face to the bars. I move like the wind, anxious for another kiss. We hold the bars, press our faces between them, and kiss a kiss for all time.
Skylla stirs. I focus and the throne materializes in the large cell with us. This time she will not escape my trap. I will plant my feet and hold her. I move to the throne while she is still groggy. Her powers will return soon enough but for now, she’s mine. I wonder how she likes being rolled? I know it wiped me out and figured it would do the same to her. Thank the Heavens I was right. I pull the last pebble—a bright blue stone—from my belt. I view it from every angle. I clutch it tightly then move Skylla near the throne. I step between them, place my left foot next to Skylla’s side and prepare to touch the throne with the right. I hold the marble above my head and ready to bind us for all eternity to this spot.
“By the Heavens above, I bind you to this place. I hold you here for all eternity. And I call those in league with you to this place to be bound as well. Skylla, I Bind You.”
“No.” She screams and twists.
I throw the pebble at my feet and touch the throne.
Power surges in me. I feel light as a feather and in that instant I grasp the power at my disposal. Though I stand between the throne and Skylla, I also stand briefly on the surface to view the fighting there. We are still winning but some demons are escaping. My heart drops at the sight so I concentrate, feeling power surge through my body. The hunger that I feel from the honey returns to me. With so much power flowing around me, I sway before grounding myself. And then I do what I need to do, I walk to the bars, grip them, close my eyes, and think of my light. I let in shine for the entire world to see. I feel my mind stretching outward past the bars I grasp, the throne room, the tunnels, the cave system, and further out beyond the fighting on the surface. I hear whispers of “False Light, Demon Light, Run, Run, Get Away” so I pull from the ground swell at my feet and push power into my light. It hurts like hell and feels like I am on fire, burning from within. Someone or something is there with me, fighting me, dulling my light. Demons are running, escaping my wrath. I scream in pain but hold on to the bars to stand my ground and fight. Seconds later, I step back from the bars unable to shine further.
Wind whips about the space blowing my hair about. I hear a rumbling then a voice.
“I’m here, Nis. Use me.”
The voice comes from the circling wind. It’s my best friend.
“I need more power, Lex. You must be sure.”
“Trust me.”
“Are you absolutely sure?”
“Trust me.”
The wind whips louder as if a tornado. It turns ferociously. After a minute it forms a tight dark storm cloud over my head.  I hear the roar of thunder followed by lightning and before long a downpour comes to drown out all voices. For a moment I thought I heard Roland but can’t see him through the pouring rain.
It isn’t the drenching that holds my attention, it is the steady stream of water that flows from my feet toward the throne. When water touches the throne, my legs shake from the ground swell of power. I clutch the bars tighter and focus outward on shaky legs. A burst of energy shoots from my middle to ignite and let my light shine as a beacon to the world. This time, my light has enough power to travel around the planet and back. I electrify the atmosphere with my new aura. My arms shake from the jolting taking place above my head. I scream from the pain. And then I see them coming, not physically, through another plane. Demons, large and small, shriek in terror from all corners of the globe. I look up to see a green spirit flying backwards across the room in front of the prison bars I stand in front of. The demon flies from one wall toward another. It fights bravely but loses ground and enters the wall with a thud, never to be heard from again. I brace against the wind while keeping my place at the bars, watching demon after demon meet the same fate.
Suddenly, a surge comes from the ground. I don’t recognize it accept to know it is a surge, one for my enemy. Skylla gains new strength because I waited too long to act. She begins a slow crawl against a fierce wind toward opposite bars and freedom. I want to go after her but can’t. I am trapped inside my trap, if you can believe that. I have to stay and hold the bars and pull all demons from my planet. The people will no peace after this day. That is my promise. Never again will a demon chase my mother and father after this day. I hold my ground and fight to lift my arms higher to grip higher as more spirits fly backward into the walls. I hear their screams and delight in their misery. Once again I am feeling that old feeling. I love their torment and want more screams. Still, Skylla is getting away, climbing to her feet and moving to the exit and I can do nothing to stop her. She may escape and cause chaos on the surface but when I am done at these bars, she will be mine once more.
Skylla chants and in no time is covered to her waist by swirling evil. Purple sparks fly from the tips of her fingers, not at me, at the floor. The water on the floor turns to steam and vanishes.  The cloud above is gone and the wind fades. I think for a moment that I hear Lexie screaming but can’t be sure. I look to Skylla walking to the bars with confidence. How strong is she?
Suddenly, the cage moves. It shifts forward knocking Skylla off her feet. It shifts again. I strain to keep upright. I turn to see Roland shoving the cage. He rears back and runs at it, flinging a bolt as he goes. The prison shifts forward again. We are moving toward a wall. Eyes from the throne room appear in the walls to watch us. The eyes watch briefly then vanish. The portraits make a brief appearance as well. The white wall vanishes to give way to smooth gray brick. By the Heavens, I know where we are and what he is doing.
“Roland! No, don't! Stop!”
Too late. With a mighty shove we hit the wall of the well and current radiates through me so much I dance on the spot not of my own accord. Skylla convulses as well. Then by the grace of the Heavens it stops and Roland is inside the cage within seconds. He grabs Skylla’s ankle with one hand and hauls her back to the throne. We were smack up against the well that leads to the core and buzzing direct energy. Now we are near it, perhaps the Heavens took pity on us and bounced us clear. Whatever the case, this is not the way I wanted to do this.
“Roland! NO!”
I watch him hold Skylla with one hand and grip the throne with the other.
“Roland! NO!”
I feel a slap across my face as I race for him. I will not get there in time. Smoke rises around my love and he shrivels as the current flows through him. By the time I reach him he is a withering husk with little light left in his eyes. My heart breaks as I scoop him into my arms. I want to cry but refuse. Tears pool in my eyes. I look through their haze to see his face. My chest heaves and I know the flood is about to begin. Everything gets blurry.
“You idiot. Why did you do that?”
“I love you.”
I hit him and he groans half in jest half in pain. I try to laugh with him but it will not ease the feelings of dread that come over me.
“Sorry.”
“Don’t be, Nis. I couldn’t let you touch the core. I couldn’t let you do it alone. I just couldn’t.”
“Oh, Roland, you idiot. You know I had a plan. Why didn’t you just let me carry it out? You would have been safe. Heavens, Roland.”
Again he tries laughing in jest. He clutches his chest. I see blood at the corner of his mouth. There is so much I want to say to him but don’t know where to start. I’m sure he knew I began this journey a doomed soul. Why would he risk his life as well?
“It was supposed to be me. I was meant for this.”
Try as I might, tears flowed. Roland tried laughing but I cried. I pulled him into my chest to hold him as tightly as possible. I thought to sing to him to bring comfort to his last moments. Instead I rocked. Seconds later, he crumbled in my arms and fell through my fingers as I lied, telling him about how we would farm in the Green Valley. And if that wasn’t bad enough, Skylla was beneath him. He disintegrates around her and I see her evil nature, the smirk gracing my demon’s face. To see her so full of joy enrages me to new heights. I grab her and pump everything in my arsenal. Electricity sparks from my fingertips to pull screams from her and I try even more. If only I can pop her. Then, a thought comes to me. There is one last thing I can try. I search the ground swell for a lost master.
“Allastar! Aid Me!”
With all my might, I pump the ground swell into my demon and smell the burning around me. I’m not sure if I’m on fire or not, it doesn’t matter, not one bit. Ending her is an all-consuming thought and I will not fail at this last task. The well is within me and my fate is sealed. I should care, I don’t. I listen to voices I shouldn’t and pump harder. If this is the last thing I do, I will pop this demon.
Hands shoot up to grip me and my demon. So much energy flows from the well that I can’t control it. I feel a burning at my feet. It moves up my body and I feel it all. In an effort to rid myself of the pain, my mind shoots outward to protect me and I see all. Everything becomes clear. I look out and see my family fighting above me. I look in the distance and see my parents gathered around a dinner table feasting with wide grins, a drumstick in each hand. Wine stains their silk shirts. It makes me smile all the more. I look down and see the bars I hold yet I know I am clutching Skylla near the center of the cell. Somehow I broke in half at the sight of seeing Roland and rushed to aid him, ripping myself in two parts. When I look to the bars, I am no longer there in the flesh, I am dull gray. Rigid. Immobile. My wavy black hair is gone. My clothes are gone. I hold tightly to prison bars. Statuesque for all time.
I see a thin line, all that remains of my Roland. I see a mound in the outline of a woman: Skylla. What happened? How could this be?
I soar higher moving upward to the Heavens and soon will be out among the stars.
A crushing weight falls around my midsection and pulls me downward. I move so fast I cannot see anything and then I am on solid ground but it is all black. A man appears. He is taller with full mustache and beard. The area lightens to a gray and I see that he is old though he doesn’t lean as old people lean. He stands tall with white hair that stretches past his shoulders. Now I see his beard and mustache are also white. But the eyes are bright gray. He takes my hand and power surges through me.
“So nice of you to join us, sister. However, I regret it so.”
I know him. I can’t say how, but I do. “Master Kahn?”
“It is I.”
Why didn’t I know that going in? Why didn’t Master Kie tell me the truth? Why was I not told I would share the core with Allastar and Kahn?
“Child?”
I break into a huge smile. I stare at him in disbelief. One of our greatest masters is face to face with me, the Snow God himself.  So many questions run through my mind, I am a buzz of sensations and think I might short circuit on the spot. In the end, all I manage is, “How?”
“I saw your heroics, sister, and pulled you back. Most that touch the well go to the core and are never heard from again. I couldn’t let you and your kin suffer that fate.”
“That fate?”
“You bound yourself to the core to hold Skylla. Did you not?”
“So, I’m dead?”
Master Kahn raises his hands high and stares at me.  I look to his gentle eyes for my answer hoping to learn my fate before the harsh words send me reeling. He only smiles. “For outstanding bravery in the face of death and for freeing your world of not all but most of the baddies of a generation, you shall be granted one day per month from your task to walk the Fields. Use it wisely, child.”
He vanishes before I can press him further. A rumbling spreads throughout my belly as if I hadn’t eaten in days. My vision clouds and my feet burn. I shut my eyes and hold myself hoping it will leave me soon. It doesn’t work so I concentrate harder.
“Nis.”
I know that voice. I turn. Roland stands in all his glory behind me. I run to him and fling myself in his arms, so happy I could burst. We kiss and kiss. I hold on to him. If this is nothing more than the image of Roland, I will take it.
A large hole opens in the wall. The cage disappears. Roland takes my hand and leads me through the hole to plush green land beyond. I see my Master. I see Lexie. I see Miriam and her family. I see my grandmother Nanna. And in the distance I see a beautiful woman wearing a red dress surrounded by five toddlers. Many, many more join us. I can never go back but by the Heavens, I have my two friends.  I did it. My world is safe and I got my happy ever after. 
Roland and I walk hand in hand toward Lexie. I hold her hand and shake my head at the goofy smile emblazoned on her face. My friends lied to me and sacrificed themselves to aid my cause. I couldn’t appreciate them more if I tried. Together, we walk toward the Plantation. 
Life is good.


About The Author:


R.G. Richards is a lifelong Missourian who writes Fantasy/Paranormal/Romance novels. He was an enthusiastic reader of tales of foreign lands (China, Japan, Hong Kong), most of which were “borrowed” from his father’s private collection—a big James Clavell fan (Noble House, Shogun). These faraway tales provided the fertile ground which produced a rich imagination capable of spinning strange and unique stories of distant lands and people. Outside of reading and writing, he is a beginning swimmer, a gym hater, an avid gardener of Sugar Baby melons, and a lover of jokes. If you know a good one, send it his way.

SPECIAL NOTE:
Feedback is essential to an author. I look forward to hearing from you. Tell me what you liked as well as what you hated. I can take criticism so don’t worry, you won’t get a rant in return. With your help, I can make the next book that much better. Again, Thank You for purchasing and reading.



Books by this author:

VAMPIRE SERIES
Vampires aRe Real
Cavers
Caveena - Cavers #2 (August 2014)

ZOMBIE SERIES (Zora Baker Series)
Zombie Zora - Zora Baker #1
Zombie Invasion - Zora Baker #2
Kill Happy    - Zora Baker #3
Zombie Eden - Zora Baker #4 
Zombie Jokes - Companion book of jokes told by the children.

DEAD SERIES
The Demon Warrior’s Light


You can find him online at:
Mail: rgrichards2012@gmail.com
Website: rg-richards.com
Twitter: http://twitter.com/robertgrichards/
Goodreads: http://www.goodreads.com/author/show/5823275.R_G_Richards
Facebook: http://www.facebook.com/AuthorRGRichards



