LUCINDA AT THE WINDOW


by
Katherine Nabity


Smashwords Edition


* * * * *


Published by 
Katherine Nabity on Smashwords

Lucinda at the Window
Copyright © 2009 Katherine Nabity

Discover other titles by Katherine Nabity at Smashwords.com



Smashwords Edition, License Notes
This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. If you're reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to Smashwords.com and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.

This is a work of fiction. Names, characters, places and incidents are products of the author's imagination or are used fictitiously and are not to be construed as real. Any resemblance to actual events, locales, organizations or persons, living or dead, is entirely coincidental. 

Cover photograph by Tessa Miller
Cover design by Eric Nabity



* * * * *


LUCINDA AT THE WINDOW


* * * * *


Chapter One


Lucinda stood at her window and watched the sun set at the edge of the yards. The hues of yellow at the horizon swelled into red and orange, but quickly died away, fading into a rather sickly green before the dark night sky overtook them. Lucinda shifted her weight back and forth, impatient with the small panes of glass that made up her bedroom window.
She could see her reflection piecemeal. Here a pane of red hair tinged with blonde, there a face with a small nose and blue eyes the shape of almonds, and over there a seashell ear and thin lips. Her body was an apparition of white. The dim light washed the color from her pale blue dress. She might have been considered pretty if she looked her age and not ten years older. She generally wore her hair up in a severe bun and a dress without a bustle that hadn't been fashionable in years. Society smiled on her because of her family name, but Lucinda would most likely remain a Harris all her life. It didn't matter, she told herself. Her good standing among her peers was enough.
There would be no moon tonight. Lucinda turned away from the window to light a candle, or two or three, before the gloom enveloped the room. She hated it here, particularly at night. The darkness made her uncomfortable. Not frightened, just merely uncomfortable. In the year nineteen-hundred-and-one, darkness was not something to be scared of.
In the daylight, the chamber was bare and sparse, like the countryside around the house. No pictures hung on the walls and only one smallish rug lay on the floor. Without a proper dressing room, a table with a mirror and chair were placed in one corner with the wardrobe and bed occupying two others. The last corner remained bare.
At night, the room took on sinister qualities. The shadows hung thick in the corners and were reluctant to be banished by candlelight. Lucinda hadn't slept an entire night through since she arrived at the Manor. The room was drafty. The current of air snaked its way through the room no matter what the weather was outside and made it impossible to keep the fireplace lit.
Lucinda caught her reflection in the silver gilt mirror over the dressing table. The candlelight made her face look unnaturally pale, almost dead. Her eyes were startling. They were black voids with slight pinpoints of light where the candles reflected on their moistness. As she watched, the pinpoints winked out, leaving nothingness.
A wind rose in the room, chilling Lucinda. She shook herself, forced herself to look away from the mirror. She turned to the window. The draft was particularly wild, but the trees outside did not move. Even leafless, the tree branches should sway and shudder in such weather.
A figure stood in the middle of the yard, dead center to Lucinda's room on the third floor. She could see no details. He was a black silhouette. The man was too short to be any of the Manor's guests and too well built to be the servant boy. Women overran the Manor with only a few men in attendance. One would think the accommodations would be better with so many women. Of course, most of them are tedious…
The man did not move. Lucinda could swear that his head was tilted upward, his eyeless stare aimed straight at her. No, not eyeless. Sparks, pinpoints of light like the ones that had disappeared from Lucinda's reflection, found their way into the man's nothingness face. Lucinda took a step back. He was looking at her, leering at her. He could certainly see her in the window because of the candlelight. She would just put them out.
The man raised his hand as if holding a wineglass, toasting Lucinda. The wind blasted against Lucinda and surrounded her. She tried to break free but couldn't. Her muscles strained; she should have moved but didn't. The wind wavered and wrapped around her throat. Icy fingers dug into her warm neck. Lucinda tried to scream, tried to flail, panic rising within her. The hand at her throat tightened.
What hand? She couldn't see a hand! It tightened, cutting off circulation and the ability to breathe, and pushed her away from the window and across the room. In a fraction of a second, a much shorter time than it would have taken her to walk or even run, the backs of Lucinda's thighs brushed against the bed. The last thing Lucinda Harris saw was two pinpoints of light.


Chapter Two


"Potatoes. Again potatoes. Damn Irishman," Sofia muttered at the sink. The scullery was a small room off the kitchen. Its main component was a large, deep sink. It and its adjoining counter were carved from a single boulder of dark gray stone. It was the best place to wash potatoes, or anything else, even if Sofia did have to lug water in from the spigot in the kitchen. She would eventually have to get after David, the handy man, to see if he could do anything to remedy the situation. The only thing she really didn't like about the room was that both the doors were out of her line of sight. The door from the outside was behind her and the door to the kitchen was barely in her periphery, to the left of the sink. It always gave her the shivers to have a door behind her. One never knew who might come in.
Better to think of something else… She resumed her muttering. "I don't understand why they have to have potatoes at every meal." It comforted her to hear something other than her scrub brush. "I could do some great things with squash, and none of them will give my pasta a chance."
She finished cleaning and paring a particularly bad looking potato and threw it in a large pot. It would take an hour to finish the rest, but before that, the guests would want their morning tea and maybe a little breakfast. Sofia closed her eyes against the headache forming behind her eyes and then took up another potato. "Of course it's all his fault, damn Irishman. Not that I have anything against the Irish. Good Catholics, they are. I don't know why he couldn't leave well enough alone. Dragging these people out to this forsaken place. I didn't know I'd end up having to be innkeeper for a bunch of picky socialites—"
"Here now!"
Sofia jumped at the voice behind her.
"You'd do well not to let Mr. O'Malley hear you talk that way, Sofia. Or should I say, Lord O'Malley?"
She turned to glare at the young man. "God in heaven, David, you don't need to be scaring me like that!"
David was a good five inches taller, with considerably less mass than Sofia's short, round form. He was boyishly handsome, all muscle, and older than he looked. David wore his usual insolent smile, with dark eyes shining from under long hair. He seemed to be a good man; he worked hard. Definitely a good prospect for her daughter Josie.
"You would do well to take your own advice," Sofia scolded. "Even if Mr. O'Malley does think he's some sort of English lord transplanted to Ohio… Well anyway, we can do nothing but our work. As you see, I'm cleaning potatoes. Again. What are you doing up so early?"
"The horses were kind of restless this morning and Edwin, ah, Mr. O'Malley, asked me to check up on them before the gentlemen decide on their hunt for this afternoon. He couldn't track down that lout Vernon again."
"Now, David, don't be unkind," Sofia chided. "Who knows what that poor man has gone through?" David threw Sofia a look. "Oh, I know that doesn't excuse the man's laziness, but…" She shook her head.
Sofia had a hard time not defending Vernon, the groundskeeper. He was a short, craggy man that looked like her late husband. He was the only member of the Manor's original staff to remain after the previous owner's death. Mr. O'Malley pegged him as a drunk, and joked that Vernon stayed on at the Manor only because he was too drunk to realize his former employer was dead. Sofia only talked with Vernon on a couple of occasions. He seemed clever if somewhat muddled. Sofia didn't think he was drunk when she talked to him, unless he hid it well. Vernon was just…different with a definite knack for disappearing, especially when there was work to be done. That was something Sofia just couldn't abide, even if Vernon did look a little like her dear departed Angelo.
"Well David, can I get you some breakfast before I'm swamped by the ladies? They should be up soon."
"No. Thank you, Sofia. I think I'll get started on the west wing cellar before I get involved in tacking those horses."
"David, before you go, have you seen my Josie this morning?"
"No Sofia, I haven't seen her yet this morning. I think I heard Mrs. O'Malley's bell when I went out. Josie's probably still tending to her."
"Yes, probably so." Sofia turned back to her potatoes and her muttering, and David left through the kitchen. Yes, their Mistress liked to be up, dressed, and breakfasted long before the others were up. "I'd better get to cooking. Get the tea on. Start the rolls. Oh Lord, help me through another day."
In her opinion, and David's, as well, Mr. O'Malley was a couple of cups short of a cupboard. Sofia supposed that suddenly becoming a landowner might do that to a person. How would she react if she suddenly found that some long forgotten relative bequeathed an old, decrepit country estate to her? Well, she sure wouldn't pack up her new bride, set up residence there, and have four people do the work of an entire staff. Sofia wasn't Mr. O'Malley. She was sure most of his problem was simply because he was Irish.
Sofia didn't hear the woman come in from outside. She caught sight of the light blue dress out of the corner of her eye and was startled by the movement. "Oh! Miss Harris! I'm sorry, ma'am, I didn't know you were up yet. Can I get you anything?"
Lucinda Harris spun around and gave Sofia a look that resembled a grimace more than a smile. As Miss Harris idly brushed her hands on the skirt of her dress, Sofia frowned. The usually impeccable, if unfashionable, Miss Harris was decidedly unkempt this morning. Aside from smudges on her skirt, escaped tresses of strawberry blonde hair flew around her face. Sofia was almost embarrassed to notice dried mud on the lady's shoes. For a second, Miss Harris almost seemed a different person. The moment was quickly gone, and the lady's manner corrected anything her appearance was lacking.
"Yes, you most certainly can." Her voice was icy, its tone implying more confidence than the words themselves.
It was comforting to Sofia. Women like Lucinda Harris were easy to understand. Nothing was ever right for them, so one simply did what was necessary and nothing more.
"I'd like some breakfast," Miss Harris snapped. "I'd like eggs and toast and ham and coffee. Be sure the ham isn't overcooked this morning and don't leave the eggs runny." Miss Harris grimaced again. "And see if you can manage cocoa. Send that to my room immediately. You do have cocoa, don't you?"
"Yes ma'am, we do," said Sofia, but Lucinda Harris turned away, brushed at the dirt on her dress, and strode out the door.
"Hmm, rather a big breakfast for a lady," Sofia commented to herself. "Well, I suppose if a lady is going to be out this early in the day, she's going to work up a hunger. A shame getting her dress dirty like that. I'm going to be the one cleaning it I'm sure, not that I don't have enough to do—"
"Morning, Mother." Josie bounded in from the kitchen.
"Gracious, child! Is everyone out to kill the cook this morning? You and David are going to make my heart stop!"
"Sorry." Unlike her mother, Josie was slight and pale with mousy brown hair. She took after her departed father in looks and brains: neither of them had much of either. She did have her mother's rare gray eyes. Maybe young David wouldn't mind a plain and flighty girl. "Mrs. O'Malley is going to be down soon. Is there anything I can help with?"
"Of course, girl. Miss Harris would like some breakfast brought to her room. Ham, eggs, toast, coffee, and cocoa. Start with boiling the milk for the cocoa."
"Yes, Mother." Josie took a saucepan from the rack where Sofia left them to dry. "What a strange woman Miss Harris is. I almost ran into her in the hall. She seemed to have a good night. She looked very refreshed, even if her dress was all muddy." She wandered out of the scullery, pan in hand.
Sofia listened for sounds of Josie working in the kitchen before muttering to the potatoes in the scullery sink, "I wonder what Miss Harris was up to. Sometimes that sort surprises you."


Chapter Three


David left Sofia to her potatoes and headed through the kitchen.
The house hadn't been used since before O'Malley's great uncle took ill and died. Most of the old staff left. They must have been attached to the old buzzard, not the house. O'Malley hired Sofia and Josie before he saw what condition the house was in, then he hired David. The only member of the original staff remaining was Vernon, a groundskeeper. Not that Vernon was any help at all, the drunken sot.
Aside from a few trees and several sparse bushes that didn't need trimming, the grounds took care of themselves. Everything that actually took talent to grow was dead. So much for the outside of the house. David thought about having a word with Vernon since Edwin O'Malley didn't have the inclination to, but finding Vernon was always a task. If the household was lucky, maybe Vernon would become permanently lost.
Although Mr. O'Malley had officially 'opened' the house, it didn't mean a great deal to David. After two months, all I've gotten done is the ground floor and the west bedrooms. The plumbing alone had taken most of that time. Half the pipes were rusted through, the other half were filled with some terrible smelling substance David didn't want to think too hard on. Disuse could ruin the simplest things in a very short time. The other wing of bedrooms could wait; the guests were comfortable enough where they were. The roof was in terrible shape, but David wasn't going to work on it until O'Malley hired a few men to help him. He had fallen more than once while overexerting himself on a roof. That left the cellars.
The cellar doors were hidden under where the staircase split in the main hall. Made to look like a portion of the wall, the pattern of the brocade and the dark wood moldings continued seamlessly. The Manor had two cellars, one under each wing of the house. Strangely, they weren't connected. The door to the west wing cellar stuck as David unlocked it.
The cellar was dark. David hadn't been looking forward to opening either of the Manor's cellars. It wasn't that David was afraid of the dark like some girl with a faint heart, but there were usually undesirable things living in the dark, rats most certainly. He wasn't afraid of rats either, but he had never been bitten by one and had no intention of that changing. David also read accounts of spiders that lived in dark warm places, spiders that could kill or paralyze a man with one bite. He left the door open and lit the lantern stashed on the top step.
David started down the rickety stairs, one of the first things he'd remedy before someone hurt themselves. Rats. Spiders. He would be no use to anyone if he were bitten by such things. Who would O'Malley get to be his run-of-the-mill whipping boy then?
Sofia was right; he probably shouldn't consider his employer in such a manner. It was difficult to do everything without help. O'Malley might have hired someone to be the valet, butler, and bellboy instead of expecting David to do it all. At least Sofia has Josie to help her; not that David was certain Josie was much help.
At the bottom of the stairs, David considered going back. Maybe O'Malley has made a decision as to whether or not he needs the horses. David hated horses, but dealing with them might be preferable to being here. No windows here, only inky blackness. The dank, dirty smell was easily as oppressive as the darkness itself. It includes rat droppings, I'm sure, David thought darkly.
He shined the lantern around. The cellar was nothing more than a square hollowed in the earth. The foundation of the house comprised one wall, but the cellar didn't run the entire length of the house. The first thing David did when O'Malley hired him, actually, before he agreed to take the job, was check the Manor's foundation. It was uncommonly sound. The designers of this house had some inkling. The other walls of the cellar were deteriorating sod bricks with only dirt behind them. There were gaslights on the cellar wall but he was not sure he wanted to try to light them while alone. One never knew; they could explode.
Under the stairs was a wine rack half filled with dusty bottles. David picked a bottle off the rack and held it in front of the lantern light. It was unlabeled and pale. Some sort of home vintage? He didn't think there were vineyards amid the now dead gardens. Maybe dandelion wine? He would have thought these people too high class for that. He put the bottle back where he found it.
Built into the sod wall were several collapsed wood shelves that had dumped various items onto the packed dirt floor.
David sat the lantern down and started clearing away the mess. It was an odd assortment of stuff. Tin cups. A few old stoneware flowerpots. Some rusted tools. A couple of badly decaying penny dreadfuls that crumbled in David's hands as he tried to read their titles.
David sorted through the miscellanea, placing most of it in a heap behind him. The tools might come in handy, but the rest probably weren't of much interest to anyone.
David lifted one of the cleared wood shelves. Under it was an old, steel tinderbox with an elaborately worked cover, certainly finer than the rest of the assorted junk. It was weighty when he lifted it, not empty, but it did not have the rattle of loose objects in it. When he tried to open it, the latch on the box did not budge.
There was a crash behind him. "Oh!"
David grabbed the lantern, got to his feet, and spun around in one movement. He was sure rats had come for him. Instead, he found himself face to face with Lucinda Harris. 
"Miss Harris! I didn't hear you come down the stairs." David chided himself silently for being so wrapped in his thoughts. "What are you doing here?"
"I have every right to be anywhere I please," she replied. "I was looking for you," she added quickly. She peered past him at the tinderbox.
"Oh, really. What can I do for you?" David bit back a 'now.' Lucinda Harris was already something of a legend among the Manor's meager staff. She put David and Josie through the ringer over a supposed draft in her room all while treating them both like five year olds. It would have made more sense to David if she were some relation to Mr. O'Malley. They both seemed daft, but she was actually a cousin to the lady of the house. She was probably about David's age, but acted like she was of a different generation. I wonder what kind of upbringing causes that to happen to a woman, David mused on occasion. Too bad. She's pretty.
"I think my room would be much nicer if the bed were in the corner by the window. I want you to move it as soon as you have the opportunity."
"Yes, Miss Harris, I'll get to it immediately." Perhaps there would be some reprieve from the cellar after all.
"Now would not be a good time because I must go freshen up after being in this horridly dirty cellar. I would think that you would keep this place much cleaner than you have. I think I may have twisted my ankle on this rubbish."
"Yes, Miss Harris, I'm working on that, as well." The reply was more than what was needed.
"Well," said Lucinda, taken aback, "please don't be put out on my account." She gathered her skirts and carefully picked her way to the stairs. "Are you going to give me some light or would you rather I fell?"
"Of course not, Miss Harris, allow me." David followed Lucinda Harris up the stairs. Yes, too bad. She could be quite easy on the eyes.


Chapter Four


The hill slopped gently away from her feet. Lucinda Harris gazed out over the field and the view took her breath away. From the bottom of the hill to the horizon was an ocean. The thigh high grass waved in the wind, shimmering almost as water would. The sun was high in an abundance of blue unblemished by clouds. The wind was strong. It hissed through the grass to tease at her skirt and blow strands of hair in her face. Lucinda didn't care. She laughed instead.
She hadn't been here in so many years. Why had it been so long? A shadow passed over the sun. When Lucinda looked to see what kind of cloud it was, there was nothing but the sun in the sky, still unblemished. She squinted shading her eyes. Still nothing but the bright sun. Almost too bright, it bleached the very color from the grass. Lucinda shut her eyes.
When she reopened them, she was standing by a pond. The pond was the one hidden in the tall grass about a hundred paces from the bottom of the hill. One hundred and seventeen, she remembered without any effort. We found it a few weeks ago and counted. No, surely you meant years, Lucinda chided herself. You haven't been here in years. The shadow passed over the sun again. Lucinda shivered.
The pond was small enough not to be noticed from the hilltop. Indeed, Robert nearly fell into it as they walked. It was a jagged oval, obviously deep because the middle was a dark, forbidding greenish-blue. The pond had no banks and seemingly no life in it either. Lucinda sat at its edge many an afternoon and cooled her feet in it. Nothing ever disturbed the surface of the pond except her legs.
Scandalous really, Lucinda thought, a lady with her feet and a good part of her legs showing. She wasn't a lady then, just a girl spending time in the country.
Sometimes when the sun was just right, the pond was a mirror of the sky. She could watch clouds without straining her neck. There were no clouds today. Lucinda knelt at the side of the pond and stared into the water; blue with a glisten of sunshine. 
A cold wind blew by her, but didn't disturb the face of the pond. Lucinda was convinced that if she reached out and touched it, the water would be solid. Cool and smooth, not like ice but glass.
She caught a reflection of herself in the mirrored water: a small round cherubic face, hair escaping the long braid that reached the middle of her back, and two pinpricks of light accenting her blue eyes. No, certainly not! Lucinda pulled away. An older, more matronly face peered at her with its hair in a bun and the high collar of a sensible dress. That was better, how it should be.
A black silhouette of a man appeared behind the reflection of Lucinda.
"Robert?" Lucinda twisted around, but no one was there.
Sometimes Robert would creep up on her and push her in when he knew she was daydreaming. Insolent boy. He knew she couldn't swim. She drowned when he…
No, that is wrong. Robert was the one who drowned when she…
For an instant, the whole world went too bright again, and Lucinda was forced to close her eyes.
When she opened them again, Lucinda turned to the pond and frantically searched the surface. What was she trying to find? Had she lost something? Dropped something in? She remembered an old fairy tale about a princess losing a golden ball in a pond and a frog prince helping her. Is that what happened? The pond was simply blue, an incredibly deep blue in relation to the washed out grass and sky. The sun was simply too bright this afternoon. A wind blew past her and continued on to whisper through the grass.
"You know why you're here." The grass whispered in a voice that was strangely like her brother's. In that instant she knew why she was there.
The black silhouette appeared again, this time dominating the entire pond. The only feature Lucinda could make out were pinpoints of light in its eyes. She couldn't bring herself to turn around. She was afraid he would be as he was when they found him. She saw his body when they dragged it out of the pond. It was greenish and bloated. His blue eyes, the mirror of her own, stared blankly at her. She was afraid to turn around and see those eyes.
"I'm sorry," she whispered weakly. "I didn't mean to. I tried…"
Tears streamed down her cheeks. She tried to make herself small and avoid what was coming. Always a hand, warm and living on her back, but this time a cold grip roughly tipped her forward into the water.
The pond bottom dropped off into nothingness only a few inches from the edge. Lucinda frantically tried to find footing and couldn't. She clawed at the water, surprised to find it suddenly all around her and bitingly cold.
She broke the surface once to see the black silhouette standing at the pond's edge. She still couldn't make out features, just the eyes. They were no longer points of light but icy blue. Lucinda tried to scream. Instead of air, she inhaled water as cold as her dead brother's eyes.


Lucinda gasped and sat straight up on the bed. The light coming in the windows was incredibly bright. For a moment, Lucinda was still on the hillside overlooking the field. When she glanced down, she realized she was on top of her bed covers still dressed from the night before.
The dream was one that recurred many times in the past and always upset her. Her face was damp, but her body was stiff and cold as if a window had been left open on a January night. She'd had another dream as well. It was just on the edge of her consciousness. This one involved a dark man and the wind.
"That is simply because of the enormous draft this room has," she said out loud. She usually didn't talk to herself. It wasn't what a responsible woman did, but this morning the sound of her own voice comforted her.
Maybe it was only one dream, just different this time. Quite silly. What did it matter? Lucinda knew of a psychiatrist in Austria who put a great amount of stock in a woman's dreams. She disapproved of the whole notion, of course. It was unseemly for a woman to talk of such things, especially to a man. Besides, a few bad dreams did not count Lucinda as hysterical.
With difficulty, she rose from the bed, smoothing her pale blue skirts as she did. Her dress was rather damp, while the down comforter was perfectly dry. In fact, Lucinda couldn't make out where she had lain on the bed.
"That must be one of the finest comforters available for sale," she mused. "It fluffs all by itself." She needed to stop talking to herself or she'd end up like the cook! What a terribly familiar woman she was. No sense of formality. Lucinda was loath to say anything against her host, but she couldn't understand why Edwin O'Malley hadn't hired better help.
Usually the room was more cheerful in the daylight, but this morning the sunlight gave it a queer tinge. Everything was faded, washed out. No, not everything.
Lucinda held her hands before her face. They were fine, down to the swirled gold ring that she wore every day since she was a little girl. Then it had fit on her index finger, loosely. Now it only fit tightly on her littlest finger.
Her brother gave the ring to her one summer when she lived in the country with their Uncle Conway. No, that isn't right, is it? She remembered unwrapping a small box from her grandmother at Christmas, and her mother objecting because the gift was too extravagant for a ten-year-old. "Nonsense," she could hear the older woman's voice say, "a proper lady must learn to be responsible and wear her jewelry. She will not lose it, will you Lucinda?"
"Of course not, Grandmother." Had she spoken? Or only replied within her mind? Neither was particularly good. Oh, what a terrible night's sleep. She certainly would be out of sorts today. Lucinda fingered her hair. It was a mess. She turned toward the dressing table as Josie, the girl servant, walked in without knocking carrying a tray.
"Miss Harris?" she called out.
"Yes? What do you want this early?" Lucinda answered.
"Miss Harris?" Josie called out again. She examined the room. Her gaze passed right over Lucinda who was standing near the bed, not hiding at all. "Miss Harris, I've brought you your cocoa."
"Yes girl, I'm right here." Lucinda took a few steps toward Josie. She was aware that she must look a fright after her terrible night, but she didn't think she was unrecognizable. "I don't know why you think I ordered cocoa before breakfast. I don't particularly like cocoa and especially not in the morning!"
"Miss Harris?"
"You'll just have to take it back to the kitchen."
Josie peered once more around the room and shrugged. She crossed the room walking right in front of Lucinda and carefully set the tray on the dressing table. "She must be in the water closet," she muttered to herself as she left.
"Girl!" Lucinda searched her memory for a name. Was it Sofia or Josie? She ran to the door. "Sofia!" she called at the mousy-haired girl's back. No response. "Josie?" Her voice was weaker. The girl was out of sight now turning to go down the stairs, but still within hearing distance. "Girl! Come here and take this cocoa away. I'm not the one who asked for it!" Lucinda hesitated. Then followed.
"Horrid girl. Ignoring me as if I wasn't there. Just you wait until Edwin hears about this. You'll be let go for sure." Lucinda hurried down the hallway and stairs before the other ladies on the third floor were roused by the ruckus she was causing. She had good reason, she told herself. Terrible service was always a proper explanation for a scene. On the other hand, she certainly didn't want to be seen in such a horrible state.
She caught Josie on the main hall landing, but almost ran into a woman walking up the stairs. "Oh! Pardon me," Lucinda muttered. She kept her head lowered in embarrassment and hurried by. She hoped the woman wouldn't catch sight of her. All she saw of the woman was a flash of pale blue.
At the foot of the stairs, Josie stopped and turned, perhaps realizing something. Lucinda, startled, turned as well. The figure that Lucinda had all but run over was out of sight. Lucinda swung around to face Josie.
"Oh well," the girl muttered, "She'll find it, I'm sure. I just hope it won't be cold."
"I'd like a word with you, girl."
"Is something the matter, Josie?" David asked from beside the stairs.
"Oh, hello, David," Josie blushed. "Where did you pop up from?"
David smiled. "Funny you should put it that way. I was in the cellar. Was there anything wrong?"
"Huh?" Josie looked confused by the question. "Oh! Oh, no, it was just Miss Harris. Mother told me to bring her cocoa, but she wasn't in her room. She is such a strange woman sometimes."
David opened his mouth to say something and then thought better of it. "Yes, I suppose she is," was what he said instead. "Well, I better get to work."
"Yes, I'm sure Mother is going to need me in the kitchen."
"I'll see you later then."
Josie smiled weakly. Still blushing, she brushed past him on her way to the kitchen.
David shook his head and left for the cellar.
Lucinda still stood on the first floor landing overlooking the entrance. She was dumbfounded. She had never in her life been treated so rudely. The servants talking about her in front of her very face! The nerve! "Mr. O'Malley is going to hear about this. I don't care if he has to replace all of you!" No one was around to hear.
Lucinda suddenly became very conscious of herself standing where anyone passing through could see her. It wasn't as if the place wasn't terrible anyway with that dreadful wallpaper and worn carpet. Then her dear cousin, Rebecca, hung that god-awful mirror at the landing. Lucinda turned around to remind herself just how godawful the mirror was and found that she no longer had a reflection.
She fainted dead away.


Chapter Five


Rebecca O'Malley eyed the ceiling as Sofia set an egg crepe and berries on the table in front of her.
"Don't worry, dear," said Edwin O'Malley in response to his wife's nervousness. "I have tremendous trust in that boy's abilities."
Smiling, Sofia chimed in. "Yes ma'am, David has done a good job with the ceiling. I'm sure nothing more will go wrong with this room."
Mrs. O'Malley smiled faintly, and Sofia resumed her usual serving position: at the back of the room, near the kitchen. She could easily be called on if needed or just as easily slip into the kitchen. She tried very hard to be professional when serving, but honestly, she was just a cook. The best she could do was to always put on a clean apron and serve from the right. Or was it the left?
Sofia could understand Mrs. O'Malley's distrust of the ceiling. During the previous meal the O'Malley's ate in the dining room, a large portion of the ceiling fell on the table, covering diners and food with chunks of plaster and fine white dust. This alone was not such a tragedy, but Mrs. O'Malley's parents had been guests that night. It was the first indication that the ceiling was rotted out from water damage under the old master bedroom. David spent the next week working on it nonstop while the O'Malley's temporarily relocated.
None of the Stewarts, Rebecca O'Malley's family, returned since. In fact, the incident was quite enough to further condemn her already dubious marriage to a man of lower social class. It was all good kitchen gossip, but Sofia understood how disapproval could take a toll on a young bride. She remembered the fuss raised when she married Angelo.
The dining room ceiling was a blessing in disguise, however. Rebecca O'Malley was not been happy with her husband's decision to move to the country. Sofia remembered her wandering from room to room with a vexed expression on her face the entire first week after Mrs. O'Malley joined her husband at the Manor. She might still be unhappy, but she's not going to let her family know that. Not now. Not after the ceiling fell in! There must still be a little stubborn Scottish blood in the Stewart family, Sofia mused, even if they had been living in New York for the past hundred years or so.
"Well Becky, we're going to have a jolly good hunt this morning," Edwin O'Malley began. His wife grimaced, but Sofia was sure Mr. O'Malley didn't notice. "It will be just like when I was a boy. The horses, the dogs, the steeplechase! Oh, yes, it will be wonderful," he said enthusiastically.
"It's a pity there will be so few participants," Rebecca O'Malley put in. "Only two of you, I imagine."
"Oh, I'm sure Benton is feeling better today," said O'Malley.
Benton Richards was unfortunate. The poor man was simply wasting away. Tuberculosis, Sofia was sure. Of everyone gathered at the Manor, Mr. Richards should have been there the least. Unfortunately, his wife was Mrs. O'Malley's dearest friend.
"Even if Benton is better today, I'm not sure if Maye is going to let him out of the house," said Rebecca O'Malley.
"I most certainly am not." Maye Richards came in the room and sat across from Mrs. O'Malley with a sigh. "Benton didn't slept last night because he was coughing so hard. I'm not going to let him ruin his health further on some foolish plan of yours, Edwin."
Mrs. O'Malley took on a mortified expression as she always did when her friend acted outrageously. It was expected from a wife, but Sofia stifled a laugh with the corner of her apron.
"Sofia?" Maye called.
Sofia quickly pulled herself together and tried not to look guilty. It wouldn't due to laugh at her employer. "Sofia, if there are crepes left over, I'll have one. If not, don't trouble yourself and just bring me coffee."
"I believe there are a few crepes left, ma'am. I'll get them for you," Sofia said with a slight bow as she backed into the kitchen.
She liked Mrs. Richards. The young woman seemed to be sweet, kind, and maybe more unfortunate than her husband. It's almost a pity to think of her in comparison to Mrs. O'Malley, Sofia thought as she warmed the crepes over the burner. The two ladies were the same age, but didn't look it. From what Sofia gathered, the two years of marriage had been very hard on Mrs. Richards. Both women were rather on the tall side, with dark, curly hair and darker eyes. Now, one might take them for sisters years apart. Mrs. Richards' hair had turned prematurely gray and she had long given up wearing it down. It was easier to hide the gray amongst a pile of curls. Generally, she had circles under her eyes, and at times, she almost walked with a stoop because she was so weary.
Earlier in the week, Mrs. Richards woke Sofia to help her put on some tea because Mr. Richards was coughing badly. Now that she knew where everything was, Sofia was sure that Mrs. Richards made tea on many nights without disturbing anyone. Through it all, Mrs. Richards kept good humor and disposition. Sofia marked her as one of the strongest women she had ever met.
She brought the warmed crepes out to Mrs. Richards, along with a hot cup of coffee.
"Thank you, Sofia," she said, smiling. She cut a piece of crepe and ate it quickly. "Benton isn't doing well at all. I'm afraid we might have to cut our visit short, Becky, and head home to Chicago. I think Benton better see his doctor."
"Oh. That leaves me with just Lewis then," said Mr. O'Malley. With effort, he brightened. "It's a beautiful day. I just hope the horses didn't wear themselves out with all their noise last night."
"I didn't hear a thing last night," said Mrs. O'Malley. "I slept like a log." She smirked at the scandalousness of such a common remark. With a guilty glance at Maye Richards, she reddened. Sofia knew that if Mr. Richards had not slept neither had Mrs. Richards.
Maye Richards shook off any sympathy her friend might have offered. "I heard them as well, Edwin. It was more like early this morning, wasn't it? Yes," she answered her own question. Her eyes shifted to one side as she thought about it. "Was there a problem?"
"I don't know. It's odd that I didn't hear the dogs." Edwin O'Malley stopped abruptly as though he had said something profound, but continued with a shrug. "Anyway, I sent David to check on them because I couldn't find Vernon. I haven't spoken with David yet this morning. Sofia, could you find David for me and ask him to come here for a minute?"
"Yes, sir," said Sofia, "I remember him saying he would be in the cellar."
Sofia left the dining room and headed for the cellar door. It was open, and Sofia could see some light at the bottom of the stairs. "David?" she called. She did not relish the thought of venturing down the rickety stairs to the dirty, rat-infested cellar to find him. "David?" she called again. "Are you there?"
A figure stepped out into the light. Sofia couldn't see its features. Momentarily, her spine turned to icy water. It passed when David moved his lantern and his face came into view. Sofia heaved a relieved breath. She wasn't quite sure why she had become so… frightened…
"What do you need, Sofia?" David asked.
"Mr. O'Malley wants to see you about the horses," explained Sofia.
David sighed and trudged up the stairs. "You should see what I found down here, Sofia. Some of the most amazing things."
"Oh?"
"No. It's mostly junk. I did find an interesting old tinder box, but I can't open it." David stopped several stairs short of the top so he was eye to eye with Sofia. "I am not going to enjoy handling those horses," he said.
Sofia smiled. "Poor boy. I would suggest you postpone the inevitable for a few minutes more and wash a bit. You're awfully dirty and I'm sure Mrs. O'Malley would not appreciate you tracking dirt into the dining room."
David grimaced, noticing for the first time that he was less than clean. "Yes, you're right. Tell O'Malley I'll be there in a minute."
"Sofia, the messenger woman, will do that," she said and turned to the dining room.
"Thank you Sofia," she heard behind her.
Sofia returned to the dining room as the Mr. and Mrs. O'Malley were in the middle of a familiar argument.
"Rebecca, you have no grasp of the situation!" Mr. O'Malley's voice was loud, shrill, and full of needless outrage.
"Edwin," Rebecca O'Malley said deliberately, "I grasp that you haven't done anything about the situation." Mrs. O'Malley's voice was the opposite of her husband's, low and calm, very reasonable whether reason was needed or not.
Sofia stopped just inside the door and caught Maye Richards' eye. Mrs. Richards smiled and gave a little shrug. Everyone in the household, guests and servants alike, had been witness to similar outbursts. When the O'Malleys fought, there was no such thing as discretion.
"Nothing needs to be done! We don't need the income from the land rent to get by. We're not poor anymore!" Mr. O'Malley rose from his chair and was looming over his wife. She was not in the least intimidated by her husband.
"The money won't last forever. I'm only saying that you should go talk to these farmers and start things off on good terms—"
"I'll do that when I damn well get—" Mr. O'Malley interrupted.
"Sooner rather than later."
"Good and ready to!"
"Sofia," Maye Richards broke in, "did you find David?"
The O'Malleys sheepishly fidgeted, but Sofia knew it was more because they hadn't noticed she had come into the room rather than because they had been arguing in front of the help.
"Yes ma'am, I did," she answered Mrs. Richards and quickly turned to address Mr. O'Malley. "David went to wash up first. He was working in the west cellar, and decided not to track dirt into Mrs. O'Malley's dining room."
"A very sensible young man," Mrs. O'Malley said softly.
Mr. O'Malley sat down and scowled at his wife. Mrs. O'Malley carefully cut a piece of crepe and ate it. She did not meet her husband's gaze.
Mr. O'Malley turned to Sofia with a large forced smile. "Thank you, Sofia."
Sofia resisted the sudden urge to curtsy before resuming her spot once again. The people at the table ate in silence. Sofia thought, she's in the wrong for bothering her husband about things financial. It's just not a woman's place even if the "new twentieth century woman" could participate in such things. It's really none of Mrs. O'Malley's business. Or mine, Sofia reminded herself.
"Mr. O'Malley?" David walked into the dining room cleaner than when Sofia saw him last. "Did you want to see me?"
"Yes, my boy," Mr. O'Malley said. He wasn't much older than David and Sofia knew the title coming from Edwin O'Malley grated on David. "I was wondering what you found out about the horses this morning."
"Not much, sir," David said with a tight smile. "Something disturbed them, but I'm not good with horses so I couldn't figure what. They calmed quickly once I was there." David hesitated, giving Sofia a glance. "I did see someone walking by the road this morning."
Sofia raised her eyebrows. It was odd that David had not mentioned this fact to her earlier. The boy probably didn't want to scare me, she thought, but still…
"Do you have an idea who it was?" Mr. O'Malley asked.
"No sir, I didn't get a good look. It was pretty foggy this morning," said David. It seemed like he wanted to say more but didn't.
Mr. O'Malley noticed. "Anything else?"
"No sir, it was probably just Vernon."
"Another thing you probably should have taken care of before now," said Mrs. O'Malley to her husband without looking up. She didn't see the near murderous glance Edwin shot her way.
"Hmmm, it might have been," Mr. O'Malley said. "David, if you see that man Vernon, let him know that I'd like to speak with him."
"Yes, sir."
"Well, my boy," Mr. O'Malley brightened again. "Our hunt will be on for today. You can get three of the horses ready."
"But I—" Maye Richards started to protest.
"Just in case," Edwin O'Malley said dismissing her objection. He regarded David with what Sofia took to be a gleam in his eye. That gleam appeared just before he sprung a new chore on the staff. "David, my boy, I hope you're better at handling dogs than you are at dealing with horses."


David exited into the kitchen after his audience with Lord O'Malley and leisurely poured himself a glass of milk. O'Malley will just have to wait, he thought to himself. He had plenty of time to get the horses ready, and wouldn't be late unless he really, really tried. Although I just might…
"Dog handler," he muttered in disgust. "What next?"
He heard the O'Malleys leave and Maye Richards', "Oh, don't bother with me, Sofia; you have too much to do." Mrs. Richards seemed to be the only one of the bunch who remembered what it was like to work. Maybe that was because she had married into money and still took care of Mr. Richards. He was a very nice man, but it was a pity a woman like Maye ended up with him. A good deal for him, David thought. I wonder if Josie will care for her husband when he becomes old and decrepit.
Sofia came through carrying a pile of dishes to the scullery. "Shouldn't you be out grooming the horses? Or is that saddling the dogs?"
David reddened and he was sure Sofia noticed. At least she didn't know why. David himself was concerned with how often thoughts of Sofia's daughter floated through his head. Sofia certainly didn't need to know about it.
"I'm on my way out," said David.
"Yeah, you look it." Sofia smiled from the scullery door. "David," she said confidentially, "why didn't you mention seeing someone this morning?"
David shrugged and passed by Sofia into the scullery. "I don't know. I wasn't quite sure of what I saw." He finished his milk quickly and put the glass on the counter by the sink. It was time to retreat before other questions were asked. "It was pretty foggy this morning," he said as he stepped outside.
"Yep, foggy," he repeated to himself, "because I could have sworn I saw a woman by the road."


Chapter Six


By the time David finished putting tack and saddles on the horses, rain was a distinct possibility. Murky clouds rolled in, dispersing the morning sun. The wind whipped the leafless trees at the edge of the grounds and blew hard enough to shake the barn. So much for O'Malley's perfect hunting day, thought David examined the Manor from the stable door.
The house was as imposing from the outside as it was on the inside. The Manor and its grounds were on the top of a leveled off hill. Against the darkened noon sky, the gray brick Manor loomed over everything including the farmlands at the bottom of the hill. Oddly, its windows didn't reflect much light during the day, making them vacant eyes. It's the vastness of the rooms, David thought, it gives the whole place a deserted appearance. The only thing creepier than a deserted house was imagining movement within it, and it was easy to forget sometimes that the Manor was inhabited. It's easy to think that a fleeting shadow is a ghost, a spirit, or some such nonsense. David shook himself out of his reverie before he admitted that the hairs on the back of his neck were standing on end.
At one time, the grounds had been green with an elaborate flower garden on the east side and an equally complex vegetable garden on the west side. A few trees haphazardly lining the edge of the property were all that remained. The rest of the grounds were as bare and dusty as the unpaved road that led down the hill from the house. You could see everything from the stables. They were in the front of the house instead of behind. Whoever designed this place knew how to show his power. Guests have to walk a ways to the house after getting out of their carriages. You can only get the full effect of this place by walking up and pounding on its door.
David quickly inspected the horses once more before turning to the other work he brought with him. The tinderbox lay on the stable's workbench beside the hatchet he took from the shed behind the stables. David wasn't sure whether the workbench would stand the beating it might take as he worked on opening the tinderbox. It was mainly used for repairing tack not splitting open old rusty boxes. Hopefully, one well-placed blow should do it, he thought to himself.
To retrieve the box from the cellar, David came in through the front door to avoid Sofia's questions. He wasn't about to admit to seeing the figure of a woman by the road this morning, not to Sofia or anyone. Such an admission had landed him in trouble in the past. Simply seeing a woman at that time of the morning easily gets twisted into having other relations with the woman. He nearly married a girl for admitting to less than "seeing" her.
David placed the tinderbox on its side and carefully aimed the hatchet at the edge of its lid. The hit was solid, but made enough racket to aggravate the horses again. They weren't entirely happy with David's treatment of them in the first place. Metal striking metal in the vicinity didn't help.
"What are you doing, boy?" O'Malley's voice bellowed from behind him.
David whirled around. "I was trying to open—"
"I don't care! You may as well take these horses out and shoot them. It would save you the trouble of scaring them to death!"
"I'm sorry, sir," David said. He was genuinely taken aback by O'Malley's outburst, but he kept from smirking once he saw what O'Malley was wearing. The long coat wasn't terrible, but the breeches and stiff red beanie were faintly ridiculous. No one would ever get David in something like those breeches. He didn't care if that meant he wasn't high society.
"Are the horses ready?" O'Malley asked with a scowl.
"Yes sir," David replied. He left the hatchet and tinderbox on the workbench. I'd better be attentive or I'll never get out of the doghouse with him. "Do the dogs need any preparation?" David truly hoped the answer was no.
O'Malley gave David a hard stare before answering. "They'll just need to pick up a scent when we get started." O'Malley's tone was condescending, but it seemed to David that O'Malley was as unsure about it as David was.
Before David could question O'Malley further on certain other aspects of the hunt, O'Malley turned his back on him and became absorbed in examining the horses. David watched impatiently.
O'Malley reminded David of the typical Irish immigrant; his hair was brassy orange, his eyes were green, and his skin was a muddle of freckles. Most of the working class Irish David knew couldn't have beaten Edwin for size. O'Malley was a tall, solidly built man. He stood a head taller than David and quite a few inches wider. The man, while having a sedentary desk job in the city, was all muscle. David did notice that he lacked the sort of grace that came with working outdoors.
O'Malley gave all three horses a good going over before he addressed David again.
"You've have done a good job, boy," he said begrudgingly. He gestured toward the stable door with a strained smile. "Hopefully, the weather will hold," he said regaining his patented cheerfulness.
David held his breath waiting for O'Malley to say the trip would be cancelled if it started to rain. Edwin O'Malley didn't.
"The horses won't mind a little rain and mud. It'll make the dogs' job harder since it could wash away scents, but otherwise they'll probably enjoy it. You know how dogs are." He turned to David who hadn't been listening that closely. David returned an equally strained smile, knowing that O'Malley would simply take it that David was equally as concerned about the possibility of mud.
"It certainly won't kill Lewis and me," O'Malley went on as he started towards the house. With a glance at the tinderbox and the hatchet still lying on the workbench, David followed. "It'll certainly put a damper on things," he heard O'Malley say between sighs.
David sighed as well. The wind gusted and took his breath away. He knew stories of violent storms that wandered the prairies like predators, taking one farm and leaving the next. David wondered if anything less could cause O'Malley to cancel his hunting trip. The man was bound and determined to make everyone enjoy themselves even if it killed them all. David knew there would be no enjoyment for himself. The rain would only make matters worse. Horses would become jittery, the dogs overexcited and muddy. David would not get back to working on the house today.
When they reached the house, O'Malley lugged open one of the double front doors. For a man of O'Malley's strength and size, it was still quite a task. They were made of heavy mahogany a good four inches thick and eight feet high, carved with a pattern of vines and leaves. A large lead doorknocker made in the form of two intertwined snakes was placed in the middle of each door, just higher than the average person could comfortably reach. David wondered if the doors to the Manor were supposed to suggest the Garden of Eden. What that meant was entirely beyond him.
As David and O'Malley entered, Sofia was hurrying across the hall from the parlor to the dining room. Out of O'Malley's sight, she rolled her eyes and David returned it with a smile. David followed O'Malley through the parlor where the women were gathered and into the library. Somehow, the men and women didn't see it fit to socialize with each other before midday tea.


The two men waiting for O'Malley's arrival were nothing alike. Benton Richards was paler than David had ever seen him. His skin was papery and translucent. His face was drawn, making his bluegray eyes stand out. He perched on one of the leather chairs in a heavy dressing gown with a book balanced on his lap. He coughed as he noticed David and O'Malley's entrance.
The other man was Lewis Donavan. He was a wide, round man who compensated for the lack of hair on his head with hair on his face. Lewis was pacing, stopping occasionally to spin the detailed globe on a stand in one corner of the room. He was dressed similarly to Edwin, minus the red beanie, in clothing that two of Benton Richards could have fit into.
"So, Edwin," said Donavan in a voice that filled the large room, "how fare the horses?"
"Oh, they are quite well, Lewis," O'Malley replied. "I was rather afraid one of them might have hurt itself last night with all the ruckus. Unfortunately, the sky is growing dark. Hope you don't mind getting damp."
"Ha! I won't melt, though I dare say Benton here had better not go along or he just might." Donavan's laugh resounded and was surely heard by the ladies in the parlor. O'Malley gave a tight smile and Benton shifted uncomfortably in his chair and coughed again.
"Sorry, Edwin," he said. "I'm afraid my lungs are just giving me fits."
"Nonsense!" Donavan broke in. "That wife of yours has you on too tight of a leash, old boy. I don't know why you endure it."
"Don't let it worry you, Benton," Edwin said without acknowledging Donavan's remarks. "Is it true that you and Maye might be leaving early?"
"Yes. No offense, but this huge old house is a bit too drafty for me," Benton said apologetically.
"None taken. Lucinda has been complaining about a draft in her room since she got here."
"Not surprising from that one," Donavan interjected, not wanting to be left out of the conversation.
"Well, tell me you're not leaving today, Benton," said O'Malley. "Dinner tonight is going to be extra special. Our wonderful cook, Sofia, is going to follow one of Becky's recipes for au gratin potatoes. I'm sure you'll love them."
"No, I'm sure we'll stay until tomorrow at least. Besides, I don't think Rebecca is quite willing to let Maye go yet. You know how women are."
"Silly women!" Donavan shook his head. He brought out a cigar and was about to light it when Benton coughed again. Disappointed, he put it away.
"So Lewis, are you ready to have a go at some game?" O'Malley turned to Donavan.
"Yes, I do believe I am," said Donavan. "Too bad you won't be joining us, Benton, old boy," he said over his shoulder as he and O'Malley walked into the parlor.
Benton gave a little shrug and continued to read his book. David followed the other two men, still not entirely sure as to what his role as dog and horse keeper entailed.

* * * * *

Sofia had been dashing to and from the kitchen ever since the picnic was suggested. First, it was to check and see if there was enough loose meats and bread for a suitable picnic. Then it was to find the basket that Mrs. O'Malley was sure she had seen in the bottom cupboard of one of the china closets in the kitchen but Sofia ultimately found in the linen closet upstairs. Then it was to see if there was enough milk because Emily and Jane both preferred milk to the cider. It went on and on.
Sofia put Josie in charge of putting the meal together. She was sure her daughter could handle that, but as soon as she gave Josie one set of directions, one of the ladies decided upon something different and Sofia would scurry to the kitchen.
For now, Sofia took a spot in the parlor similar to the one in the dining room, near the door and out of everyone's way, ready if she was needed. She was almost used to being a serving maid, maybe beginning to like it.
The parlor was not a cozy room. It was high ceilinged and drafty. Most of the furniture was clustered around the dreary fireplace leaving the rest of the room bare. The Manor's original furniture was upholstered in deep crimson satin to match the carpeting. Mrs. O'Malley added a collection of throw rugs in an effort to break the expanse of crimson carpet. Sofia resisted considering it blood red.
The ladies gathered in the parlor shortly after Mrs. O'Malley and Maye Richards finished breakfast. All except Lucinda Harris, they soon discovered. Mrs. O'Malley wondered out loud where her cousin was, but Sofia did not suggest that she was probably still upstairs cleaning mud off her dress. Miss Harris had taken her breakfast upstairs and complained that the cocoa was entirely too cold to be acceptable. Sofia knew a little of discretion and decided that Lucinda's personal habits were Lucinda's. Miss Harris could make her own excuses.
Sofia surveyed the women gathered. Jane and Emily were sisters, who Sofia might have taken for twins. Both were so blonde and pale they were almost albinos except for dark brown eyes. As former students of Mrs. O'Malley, they were considerably younger than the rest of the guests. Sofia figured they were shrinking violets from a rather poor family. This visit to the O'Malley's "country estate" would have to do instead of time abroad. The two girls were enthused about what went on in the O'Malley's household even if they were sometimes overlooked. Right now, they sat still and quiet as the day was planned.
"Are you sure this is a good idea, Becky?" The question came from a plump woman whom Sofia originally mistook for Lewis Donavan's wife. They would have been a perfect match, not only in stature but bearing. Instead of being Mrs. Donavan, the loud, abrasive woman with the shrill laugh was Evelyn Jones. She had the disposition to be involved in everything whether or not it directly concerned her.
"I don't see the harm in taking a picnic outside to enjoy the day," Rebecca O'Malley replied. She was lounging on her usual couch facing the windows instead of the fire.
"It doesn't matter that it might rain on us," Maye Richards put in, "Becky's out to prove a point." Coming from Mrs. Richards, the comment took on a chiding aspect not entirely supportive of the idea.
Her friend gave her a puzzled frown that Maye Richards just smiled at. This was only the third time the wisdom of Mrs. O'Malley's suggestion came under scrutiny in the past half-hour.
After much debate, all the ladies stood wholeheartedly behind the idea. That is, until Emily quietly pointed out that the sun was no longer shining and it was going to rain. This caused a stir and Sofia was sent to cancel plans that already put into effect by Josie.
When Sofia returned to the parlor, she was sent again to the kitchen to tell Josie to keep making sandwiches and that the baskets would indeed be needed. The women decided that if the men were going to be silly enough to go out in the rain, the women would prove the point by doing the same.
"Well, I entirely agree with Rebecca. If our husbands are going to act stupidly, maybe we can catch them trying to talk us out of the same," Theresa Donavan added in her thick European accent. Mrs. Donavan was a short, slight woman with dark brown, nearly black hair. Of all the women present, Theresa Donavan was the most educated. She had a degree from a university in Austria where she met her loud banker husband.
"It's settled then. Yes?"asked Rebecca O'Malley. Mrs. Donavan nodded enthusiastically. Jane and Emily smiled and nodded as well... Sofia doubted they had votes.
"You know I'm always happy to make Edwin look foolish," said Maye Richards with a shrug.
"How about you, Evelyn?"
"Oh, I suppose if you think it wise," she said making it quite clear that she didn't think it wise, but would support Mrs. O'Malley anyway. Sofia shook her head without being noticed. It's all a bunch of tomfoolery, she thought taking great effort not to say it out loud. Women these days…
Presently, Lucinda Harris came in. Sofia noted that she had changed clothes from the pale blue dress she had seen her in this morning to a plain green dress with a high lace collar. She glared at Sofia and Sofia knew instantly the breakfast hadn't been to her satisfaction either.
"Lucinda, my dear!" Mrs. O'Malley exclaimed. "You are a late riser today."
"Yes," Miss Harris offered her cousin the same grimacing smile Sofia received earlier. "My night was an absolutely terrible. I heard your horses all night. They gave me terrible dreams. You know how horses scare me." She crossed the entire length of the room to seat herself in the chair closest to the window. Surprisingly, she offered no other explanations as courtesy might dictate. While Miss Harris saw no wrong in occasionally abusing the staff, she offered every courtesy to her peers. Oh well, Sofia thought, I suppose she certainly did have a hard night.
"Lucinda, my dear, we are going to have a picnic today to prove how silly men are," said Rebecca O'Malley. "Are you going to join us? Or would you rather stay inside and keep Benton company?"
"I think I will join you," Miss Harris answered.
"Oh?" said Mrs. O'Malley. "Are you sure your allergies won't make you miserable?"
"It's been a while since this body of mine has had fresh air," said Miss Harris. "Maybe it will help with the bad dreams I was having."
"Oh, I'm sure your Dr. Freud wouldn't think so," said Evelyn Jones. Most of the ladies in the room tried to stifle a chuckle, but Maye Richards laughed out loud. Lucinda Harris's interest in the writing of Freud was well known to all present. Sofia had heard enough of Freud through the popular press to know that polite society disapproved. A lady of Miss Harris's standing, especially a single lady, should not be involved in such things. Instead of protesting, Lucinda gave Evelyn a blank stare.
Yes, thought Sofia, she is certainly surprising.
From her post next to the parlor door, Sofia watched as Mr. O'Malley tried to sneak through the parlor without his wife noticing. Alone he might have succeeded but with two men in tow, especially when one of them was Lewis Donavan, he could not escape his wife's notice.
"Edwin!" Rebecca O'Malley called as Mr. O'Malley was already through the parlor door and into the hall, but Donavan and David were not.
"Yes dear?" Mr. O'Malley made a quick about face and stepped back into the room with a broad smile.
"You intend on going through with this silly hunting idea?"
"Yes Becky, I do."
"Good," his wife replied. "The ladies and I have decided that if you men are going to brave the possibly inclement weather, so will we. We've planned a picnic for this afternoon."
"My dear! Please don't be so silly!" Mr. O'Malley blustered. "I know you didn't want to be left alone in the house, but the weather..."
"I am being no sillier than you are, Edwin O'Malley," Mrs. O'Malley said in level tone that meant the discussion was over.
Instead of arguing, Mr. O'Malley gave his wife a sweet smile. "Suit yourself, my dear. I'll be here to nurse you to health when you catch a cold from the damp rains." He marched out of the room abruptly leaving the other men stranded for a second. Lewis Donavan hurried after with a sheepish smile. David took a second more to respond, giving Sofia a pitying shrug despite his own plight. Sofia offered a brave smile.
"Well ladies, let's get our picnic under way." Rebecca O'Malley gathered herself as the men left the room.
"Just a minute," Maye Richards said, excusing herself.
She went to the parlor. "Benton?" she asked around the door. "Are you going to be all right if I join Becky's picnic?"
"Of course," Sofia heard Benton Richard's reply. "I'm quite well, but I think I'm going to go upstairs and read for a while. It's too—" A series of coughs cut off his sentence. He joined his wife at the door with book in hand. "Don't worry, Maye," Mr. Richards said softly when he regained his breath. "I'm all right. It's just a little drafty in here." He touched her cheek lightly.
The women in the room grew uncomfortable witnessing this intimacy. They busied themselves with gathering around the door to the hall and tried not to notice the exchange between Mr. and Mrs. Richards. No one spoke until Mrs. Richards joined the rest of the group, Benton Richards behind her. Cowards! thought Sofia. These women wouldn't know love if it bit them!
"Still coming?" Rebecca O'Malley asked softly.
"Yes," said Mrs. Richards crisply, as if nothing had happened.
"Benton's going to be busy reading this afternoon." She gave her husband a small smile.
"Sofia?" Mrs. O'Malley called. "Is everything about ready?"
"Yes ma'am. I left Josie to get everything together. I'm sure she should be finished by now."
Mrs. O'Malley seemed to give Josie the benefit of the doubt. "It's settled then. Please grab the basket, Sofia. We are under way." Mrs. O'Malley led the precession of women into the hall with Benton Richards bringing up the rear.


Chapter Seven


The hill did not slope gently away from her feet. As Lucinda Harris gazed down, the crest of the hill dropped severely about half a foot from where she was standing. The side of the hill was as grassy as ever, but at an angle that should have left dirt and rock exposed. She leaned forward just a little to get a better view of what was at the bottom. The field of waving grass spread out immediately from the bottom of the hill to the horizon.
This wasn't right. She knew this hill like the back of her hand. She had been here only yesterday. Yesterday? No, it had been years, but that didn't matter. She remembered it so well enough. If she glanced over her shoulder, she would see an aged poplar tree and part of a rickety fence that was the end of the cow pasture. Far in the distance, she would see a house so square it could be a box wrapped in paper patterned of windows and doors. That would be Uncle Conway's farmhouse. The other building with the gently steepled roof was the barn.
She turned around. The sun was hanging abnormally close to the earth. She couldn't see beyond its glare. Lucinda used a hand to shield her eyes and squinted. She could almost make out a house looming on the other side of a white curtain of light. The house was rectangular and wide, sections of it receding step-like from its main entrance. Lucinda's frown deepened. The house was nothing like the Conways'. The sun suddenly became too bright and Lucinda shut her eyes.
When she opened them again, she was facing the other way again, over the edge of the hill. She could see the pond clearly. It changed along with the rest of the landscape. It retained its shape, but was too big to be hidden by the grass. It stuck out now like a dark, menacing bruise.
"I shouldn't be able to see it," Lucinda muttered. "It's one hundred and seventeen paces from the bottom of the hill. Robert and I counted so we could find it, so one of us wouldn't fall in by accident…"
Suddenly, Lucinda needed to get away from the pond. A fear of what she might see welled inside her like when she watched Aunt Rene kill a chicken for dinner.
"That's ridiculous," she said out loud. "It's just a pond."
Still, she forced her gaze away from it. The grass in the distance on the far side of the pond was vivid green against the clear blue sky. As she watched, the wind picked up and the grass waved furiously. It undulated and swayed in ways she had never seen before. The longer she watched, the more nauseous she became. Her gaze was drawn to the pond, but she quickly focused on the sky.
The sky was too bright. She still couldn't see the Manor through the haze. The Manor? That is certainly an odd thing to call Uncle Conway's farmhouse, thought Lucinda. You're just being a silly girl.
Beyond the white brightness of the sky, she could see shapes moving, like huge birds. Actually, they're more like fish swimming at the bottom of a pond, thought Lucinda. No, she didn't want to think of the pond, but she couldn't stop herself. The pond in the meadow didn't have fish; it was always calm. Lucinda could remember terribly hot summer days when she cooled her feet in it. The water was always chilly but soothing.
Lucinda opened her eyes and wondered when she had closed them. She was swaying at the edge of the cliff. She took a step back and her field of vision grazed the pond. Lucinda didn't realize she was sweating until the wind hit her. All at once, she was hot from the overly bright sun and cold from the biting wind. It reminded her of when she fell into the pond once…
You never fell into the pond! a voice inside her shouted.
"I did," Lucinda softly insisted.
No, look, the voice whispered. Look. See who fell in…
Whose voice was that? Was it Robert's? No, it couldn't be. Robert was dead. Startled, Lucinda remembered things, everything. Everything she wanted to forget. It wasn't wrong to try to forget, was it? She tried to close her eyes, to make it all go away. The voice, the wind, the sky, the grass, the pond. Her tears were in the way. "It's all just a dream," she murmured. The tears welled in her eyes and wished them away, too.
Icy fingers made of the wind formed around her head. The fingers applied too much pressure, and Lucinda was forced to see what it wanted her to.
Look, the voice whispered straight into her ear, no longer inside her. It couldn't be Robert, but it was the same damp, dank breath on her cheek as so many nights in the past.
She was no longer on top of the hill but kneeling by the edge of the pond. The pond was still there, black and horrible. Its surface was flawless, not a ripple distorted it. The perfection of it was almost too much for Lucinda to bear. She wanted to scream but could not find breath for it. She strained, trying to turn her head. The icy fingers dug in, staying her movement, leaving her helpless.
Before Lucinda could think of trying to close her eyes again, an image started forming in the mirror of the pond. It was her face. As soon as her reflection took on clear, sharp detail, it started to fade away. "No," Lucinda whispered. Slowly she raised her hands as if to verify that she indeed was vanishing. Her hands were fine, but as she watched, her gold ring flickered out of existence. It reappeared in the pond. She did not see it fall in, but watched it tumble end over end through the water. Eventually, it winked out of sight, too far to see.
Lucinda shook. She couldn't remember if she was afraid because she lost the ring her grandmother gave her or because she knew what was coming next.
From the depths of the pond, a white image started to form. It was a hand. As the hand ascended from the bottom of the pond, Lucinda could make out a shimmer of gold held between the thumb and finger. Lucinda wanted to close her eyes, wanted to move her head, wanted to jump up and run as fast as she could. No icy fingers her there, but she couldn't move. The hand was followed by an arm and the arm was attached to a shoulder. Lucinda didn't want to see the face; didn't want to see the bloated face, the blue eyes made dull and lifeless by the pond's icy depths.
"No. No no no no," she chanted.
Robert's hand broke the surface of the water, holding the ring. Lucinda refused to lift her arm from her side, refused to flex and grasp with her fingers. Every impulse seethed in her muscles like fiery worms twitching and writhing. The pain brought tears to her eyes and only subsided when Lucinda did what she was supposed to do. She reached out and took the ring.
"Please, no," Lucinda sobbed. The pale hand reached further and brushed her cheek. Lucinda's paralysis was broken. She flung herself away from the pond and ran into the black silhouette of a man with glowing eyes. He stood there solidly like a shadow incarnate. Inky black fingers wrapped themselves around her throat before Lucinda could scream.


Lucinda woke startled. Her heart raced, and dream and reality shared the same space. The silhouette man stood before her, but melted away, replaced by the main door of the Manor at the end of the main hall. The narrow windows beside the mahogany door gave faded light to shadowy surroundings.
Yes, she had fainted there under the ornately framed mirror. What a terrible spectacle I must be, she thought. She gathered her feet under her and turned to the mirror. Still no reflection in its gaudy frame.
Lucinda was too shocked to do anything but sink to the floor. She hadn't dreamt that part. The darkness crept around the edges of her vision and threatened to overtake her. She would have been quite content to simply faint again, but in the back of her mind she knew she shouldn't. There were worse things than not seeing one's reflection. The only image she could conjure from her dreams was blue eyes staring at her.
"Robert," she whispered and forced her lungs to breathe more slowly, to stay awake. Her heart wouldn't stop racing. Tears threatened to fall from the corners of her eyes.
"Surely, this is all a dream," she said as she wiped her eyes with the back of her hand. The words didn't sound the least bit comforting. They sounded cold and hollow. "Still a dream? I just woke from a dream. I couldn't still be having one, could I? No, this is the twentieth century, not the ignorant backwoods filled with ghost stories. I am a rational woman. It was just a dream."
Somehow, she couldn't convince her legs to work well enough, so she sat and shivered on the first floor landing for a while longer.
The house seemed empty. That wouldn't be possible, would it? The front door opposite the landing was shut tight as were all the doors off the hallway. Certainly, if everyone had left, someone would have seen her lying there. If not the incompetent staff, the other guests would have noticed. Or would they? They wouldn't if they couldn't see her. Lucinda shook her head. She wouldn't think like that. She didn't believe it. Her heart pounded harder at the suggestion of the thought. Idly, she fingered the small swirl of gold around her finger. She was a grown woman. There was no reason to think of schoolgirl nonsense.
Lucinda rose again on more solid legs, careful to avoid the mirror. She smoothed her pale blue skirt and righted loose wisps of hair. She paused and hoped someone would walk out of one of the doors to the parlor or dining room. Or that the servant boy would appear from the cellar door under the stairs. Even that feather-brained girl would do. Anything to keep Lucinda from doing what came next. She closed her eyes and carefully turned around.
"When I open my eyes, all will be well," she droned in an imitation of a hypnotist she saw demonstrating his craft at a lecture."You will be awake and realize this has all been a dream." Wouldn't someone, please, walk in and see how ridiculous I am standing in front of a mirror talking to myself? A strong blast of wind made the whole house creek, and Lucinda shuddered with it.
She opened her eyes. The only sight in the mirror was the main entrance to the Manor.
Her pulse thundered in her ears and she fled up the stairs.
Don't run in the house! She could hear her grandmother's voice. You'll trip.
As if on cue, she stumbled, but did not fall or slow. All she wanted was to be in her room.
The hallway was ill lit. The only light came from the square windows at the ends of the halls. While the bedrooms, and every other room in the Manor, seemed to be made for giants, the hallways were despairingly narrow. The third floor had six rooms, only half of which were habitable. One entire wing of the house was closed.
Lucinda's room was right off the stairs and its door was open. She went straight to the dressing table mirror. The room reflected in it. The brushes and bottles of perfume on the dressing table reflected in it. Lucinda did not.
Lucinda let out a laugh that contained no joy in it. The answer is simple. Yes, simple. The mirrors are broken! She didn't stop to consider how or why it was that both mirrors were broken, but that had to be the answer. Her body still trembled. "I'll just go next door," she said in a shaky voice. "Certainly all the mirrors can't be broken."
When she reached it, the door was closed. "Evelyn?" Lucinda thought that was the name of the smartly dressed woman next door.
She listened closely. Privacy meant a great deal to Lucinda, and she rightly assumed it meant as much to everyone. She knocked and her hand passed through the dark wood of the door. Lucinda snatched her hand as though the door scorched it. The door hadn't dissolved under her touch. It was more like her hand no longer had substance. She tried to examine her hand closely, but she was shaking so badly her eyes couldn't keep track of it. The hand was fine. Lucinda attempted to knock again and the same thing happened. She let out a small sob and backed away from the door. She stopped quickly before making contact with the hallway's other wall. She didn't want to touch it. She didn't want to know if she would pass through it, as well.
"This isn't happening. It's still a dream. It has to be, it has to be. I can't be…" She was shouting and now the silence crashed around her. She spun around and started running down the hall. Her heart might explode, but running didn't make it worse. She needed to find someone or a mirror in one of the open rooms. Anything to make herself real again.
She raced down the stairs. At the end of the hall on the second floor, a door was open. She could see a faint patch of light on the wall opposite the door from the paned window inside. She stopped at the doorway, careful not to touch the doorframe. Without noticing anything else in the room, she made a beeline for the mirror. It had the same kind of silver gilt frame as in her room above, the same kind of dressing table. She hesitated before standing straight in front of it. When she finally looked, the mirror showed the same thing the mirror in her room did. Nothing.
A cough behind her startled her as much as anything in the last ten minutes. Or had it been that long? For a second, Lucinda was afraid to turn around. Then she remembered…
"Benton?" Lucinda turned and found Benton Richards lying in bed. Lucinda first met Benton Richards years ago in a library in New York. Lucinda was trying to find her cousin, Rebecca. While wandering the stacks, she tripped over Benton Richards and sprained her ankle. He was nice enough to help her home after they had found Becky. Maye Ashton was visiting Rebecca that weekend, and it appeared to be love at first sight for the two. He was in good health then and a very dashing fellow for a bookworm. Today, he sat with several pillows piled behind him in a nightshirt with books scattered on the bed around him. His reading was only interrupted by his frequent coughing.
"Benton?" Lucinda said again. He did not noticed Lucinda's entrance or that she was standing at the foot of his bed. "Benton!" Lucinda shouted.
She leaned forward, but stopped herself before she fell through the bed. Her hands and a good six inches of her arms passed through the blankets and mattress before she righted herself and took a step away from the bed.
"Benton, please hear me…" she tried to keep her voice calm, but it cracked anyway. Benton coughed so hard he lost his place in his book. "BENTON!" Lucinda shouted.
Benton looked up, but he had not heard her. He gazed through the window behind Lucinda at a cloud passing over the sun. The cloud made the room considerably darker except for Benton's eyes. To Lucinda, his blue-gray eyes glowed. Lucinda turned to flee and walked right through the dressing table chair. She screamed loud enough that Benton Richards could have heard her outside. Instead, he found his page again. Around the edges of Lucinda's vision, blackness crept in.
Benton's eyes remained with her like a lost memory. Darkness and flat, cold blue eyes. Lucinda was suddenly freezing. The cold worked its way into her shoulders like fingers made of ice. She was being drawn backwards somehow, but she had not moved. Lucinda bolted forward out of the fingers' grasp. The darkness and cold still engulfed her.
Without realizing she had traveled that far, she found herself in the main hall. The cold was almost too much to bear.
Lie down and sleep, a voice whispered.
"NO!" Lucinda shouted. She needed to stay awake and keep warm. If she didn't… blue eyes and darkness.
Lucinda started for the sunroom. It was brighter there, and warmer. She stopped. The door to the parlor was closed. She reached out her hand, but couldn't bring herself to touch the knob. The darkness was behind her, pressing on her back. The darkness had blue eyes.
Her hand passed ineffectually through the doorknob.
The fingers dug into her shoulder once more.
Sleep…
With a terrible cry, Lucinda threw herself at the door. Her entire body passed through it. She caught her balance before she fell. Would she pass right into the cellar? She didn't stop to ponder the idea. She ran towards the library.
The doors to the library and garden room were open. She didn't have the nerve to pass through anything else. She would rather let the darkness close in… "NO!"
She dashed into the garden room, but without sun, it was no warmer than other rooms. Lucinda collapsed into a heap in the middle of the floor, careful not to touch anything in the room. The edge of her dress passed through the leaf of a lily. Her dress was damned with her.
Like a skin falling from her, fear faded away. She started to cry. Tears made her cheeks wet and sobs rocked her body, but she was warmer now. The darkness retreated. She couldn't see it but could sense it go... The light here was at least white, if weak. Lucinda shut her eyes and cried.


Chapter Eight


Sofia bustled into the empty dining room carrying the huge, heavy chafing dish that was the only thing available to serve soup from.
"Josie," she called, "we're running a little late. I'm going to need you to set the—" Sofia stopped short. The table was already set. Everything was where it should be: silverware for four courses, serving plates and soup bowls, water and wine glasses. The linen napkins were neatly folded. How odd! She had never known her daughter to willingly set the table, much less do it without being told. Josie has problems keeping everything straight and fingerprint free. This is certainly a surprise!
Sofia set the chafing dish on the sideboard and rummaged through one of the bottom cupboards to find some matches to light the heating element. "Need to keep it warm," she muttered, "I never know how late they're all going to be." She returned to the kitchen to get the Cornish hens out of the oven.
While cooking, she wondered idly where Josie had gotten to. She wasn't much help in the kitchen. Josie could handle small things, but she was much better at doing maid's duties. Josie usually did the laundry during the day while Sofia prepared meals and occasionally went into town to get supplies. The surrounding farms were supposed to supply the Manor with whatever was needed, but in the weeks that Sofia had been the cook, she had only received a handful of shipments from one farmer. The shipments arrived at O'Malley's insistence and were dropped rather haphazardly outside the back door by a scruffy, foul-mouthed man named Gibson.
Sofia was carefully placing one Cornish hen on each of ten plates when she heard voices from the dining room. She peeked out the kitchen door to see most of the Manor's ladies taking their places around the table. The gentlemen would be having a quick drink and maybe a cigar in the library before dinner. The only lady not present was Lucinda Harris. Sofia quickly changed into a clean apron and grabbed a carafe of wine. She usually served the ladies wine as they waited for the men and, in this case, Miss Harris.
"Poor Lucinda," Maye Richards said noticing Lucinda's absence.
"Yes, well, it was her fault," Rebecca O'Malley said. "I've never known her to act so silly. Running down the hill like that, she should have known she'd slip."
"Still, poor Lucinda," Mrs. Richards repeated. "Maybe she was just overcome with how beautiful the day was. Even if it was very overcast, windy, and quite damp." She rolled her eyes. "Haven't seen Lucinda like that since when we were kids."
"Then there are you two," Evelyn Jones chimed in, shooting a deadly glance at Emily and Jane. With a slight glance in Sofia's direction, she continued in an icy whisper, "Cavorting with the help. I know your mother isn't a proper member of our society, but I would have thought she would have taught the two of you to know better."
"Oh, Evelyn," Mrs. Richards said, "they're just girls."
"And this is America," Theresa Donavan added. "We are all equal here, yes?"
Evelyn Jones colored and sniffed, but said no more. Sofia resisted the temptation to spill wine down the edge of her glass as Sofia's ornery old aunt taught her to do when she was a child. But sticky fingers will most certainly not show you that I am anything above a servant, Sofia thought at Miss Jones' back. Sofia just smiled and finished pouring.
Whatever the case, Sofia would have to talk with her daughter. She sent Josie along to attend to the women on their picnic. Josie returned at teatime as flush-cheeked and exuberant as Emily and Jane. That made Sofia smile. It was good to see her daughter acting young, but it shouldn't be at the expense of Josie's duties.


The gentlemen's arrival was announced by Lewis Donavan's boisterous laugh. Sofia was surprised to see Lucinda Harris walking in on Benton Richard's arm. She was talking quite animatedly in a way Sofia had never seen from her before. A cold smile had been the only thing Sofia, or anyone else, ever received. Right now, she, along with loud Lewis Donavan, was laughing at something Mr. Richards said.
"Lucinda, why don't you come sit next to me tonight?" Maye Richards offered. Usually, Miss Harris sat with Evelyn Jones near Mr. O'Malley instead of near Maye Richards and her cousin. Sofia was under the impression that perhaps they had been very close once, but a falling out occurred. "How's the ankle?" Mrs. Richards whispered to Miss Harris after she was seated.
"It's just fine, Maye," she said stiffly. Once everyone was seated, Sofia started serving the soup. The table was quiet except for Jane and Emily's valiant attempts not to slurp their soup. About half way through the course, Josie rushed in from the kitchen and stood next to her mother. She was flushed and her hair was unkempt but she had remembered her apron. Sofia sternly lifted her eyebrows and that made the girl blush more. When everyone was done with their soup, Sofia and Josie cleared the bowls and returned to the kitchen.
"Where have you been, child?" Sofia whispered. "At least you had the good sense to set the table before you disappeared."
"I prepared the hens," Josie interrupted, apparently hoping to appease her mother.
"Don't talk back to me," Sofia said dangerously.
"Sorry, Mother."
Josie had indeed finished placing the hens, potatoes, and asparagus on the plates and in a pleasing manner Sofia could not have done. Her daughter did have a flare for the way things looked, but Sofia wouldn't let Josie know she was pleased just yet.
After the second course was laid, Mr. O'Malley was the first to break the silence at the table. "So Rebecca, did you have a good time on your outing?"
"Oh yes, Edwin. We all had a splendid time," Mrs. O'Malley answered evenly. "Didn't we, ladies?"
"Oh yes, splendid," Maye Richards quickly agreed. "Since it didn't rain, the only thing that could have gone wrong might have been the food. But with Sofia and Josie as our cooks, how could here be problems?" Sofia's face grew warm and flushed to match her daughter's.
Theresa Donavan agreed with a gloating smile directed at the men at the table.
"So, Edwin," Mrs. O'Malley continued , "how was your hunt?" She tried desperately to hide a smirk.
Mr. O'Malley didn't answer. He tentatively cut a piece of the hen and chewed it as gingerly. "Sofia, this is very… interesting," he said slowly. Lewis Donavan let out a booming laugh.
Mr. Donavan leaned forward across the table to talk "intimately" to Benton, "The dogs ran off without us." Benton Richards stifled a chuckle.
"What kind of seasoning did you use on this, Sofia?" Mr. O'Malley turned around to talk to Sofia. "I'm not sure I like it."
"Don't listen to him, Sofia. This is perfectly lovely," said Maye Richards.
"Oh, the dogs ran off on you, did they?" asked Rebecca O'Malley. "It's certainly a good thing they didn't come across our picnic. I'm sure they would have ruined it." She turned from Lewis Donavan to her husband.
"What have you done to these au gratin potatoes?" Edwin O'Malley was not about to let his conversation with Sofia go.
"Well, sir…" Sofia didn't want to be involved in table talk tonight, but would take any opportunity to educate the ignorant. "I used a mixture of…"
"Actually," said Mr. O'Malley talking around a large bite of spiced mashed potatoes, "I rather like them." He absorbed himself in another bite, ignoring the rest of the guests.
"Yes, well," continued Lewis Donavan still mainly addressing Benton Richards, "things started out pretty well. We led the dogs out to the brush beyond the pasture and let them go. They flushed a few pheasants, but it's dastardly to shoot pheasant from horseback."
Mrs. Donavan cleared her throat to catch her husband's attention and glanced at Emily and Jane.
"Oh!" Lewis Donavan reddened with embarrassment. "I'm terribly sorry, young ladies. I should know to watch what I say! Anyway, after the pheasants, the dogs caught another scent and just tore off like the Devil himself was chasing them. When we finally caught them, they were out front not far from the main gate, digging like there was no tomorrow! That boy of O'Malley's had the hardest time pulling them away, and every time he let go they went to same spot again. It was the damnedest thing!"
Miss Harris choked on a sip of water.
"Lewis!" Theresa Donavan shouted.
"Oh! Sorry, again." He abruptly glanced at his plate. He chased some potatoes with his fork but didn't eat much. Sofia wondered how the man maintained his girth when she rarely saw him eat more than a few bites.
"So was there anything where the dogs were digging?" Mr. and Mrs. Richards asked at the same time. Lewis Donavan didn't answer.
"Not a thing," said Mr. O'Malley. "Just dirt."
"How odd," Benton Richards commented. Mrs. Richards raised her eyebrows and returned to her food.
"Well, that's the end of that," Mr. O'Malley said with finality.
As Sofia began clearing the second course, the temperature in the room dropped a few degrees. She shivered but didn't give it a second thought. There was much to do yet.


Chapter Nine


Lucinda woke on the garden room floor. The sun was setting and the room was getting dark and cold. Some of the plants had already closed their blooms. Lucinda slowly rose to her feet. She couldn't remember how she came to be asleep on the floor. She did remember having some quite disturbing dreams. Ponds and mirrors and dark reflections were all muddled together. Hmmm… thought Lucinda. If I remember my interpretations of dreams correctly, mirror and reflections are never good signs. Always disappointment and deception by others. "Not that I believe in that sort of thing," she said out loud. I am much too sensible for all that nonsense. She ignored the fact that she could find no reflection of herself in any of the garden room windows.
She was still wearing the same light blue dress she had fallen asleep in the night before. It was terribly wrinkled now. She touched her hair and noticed most of the pins were gone and curls of hair fell around her shoulders.
Lucinda pulled the remaining few pins from her hair and held them in her teeth while she gathered the loose curls. It would not be the best job without a mirror, but she couldn't have people seeing her like this. One of the pins slipped from her grasp and vanished before reaching the floor. Lucinda blinked. It's dark in here. It simply skidded away, out of my sight. Yes, that was it. It did not disappear. No use trying to searching for it tonight. She made do with the hairpins she left and started out of the garden room.
The door to the library was closed. Everyone was gone earlier. Someone must be here now. Goodness! I hope they didn't see me lying there like some kind of… She couldn't think of anything appropriate. She reached for the doorknob and her hand passed through it. Panic snaked up Lucinda's spine but she waved it away. "Oh, I must still be asleep," she said to herself. "I wonder what Freud would say about not being able to open doors."
She dreamed this earlier. If her hand could pass through the doorknob, her entire body could pass through the door. She closed her eyes tight and started walking as though the door was open. After a few steps, she opened her eyes and was in the library. No particular sensation accompanying her passage through the door. You'd think it would be cold or prickly or something, she thought to herself. Well, this is a dream, and I suppose there are no rules in dreams.
Another explanation nagged at her. That explanation was not possible. That was the type of thing that the servants might read about in those silly novels they like. She kept telling herself that, reassuring herself. Other thoughts surfaced, as well. Lucinda knew a little of dreams. This did not feel like a dream. These thoughts were the truth. Impossible!
The smell of cigars in the library was pungent. It must be late if the men had already been in here smoking their cigars. Lucinda didn't like the smell of cigars and it was particularly bothersome tonight. Another rather odd thing was that she could see quite well without any candles being lit. She never realized her vision was so good. This was, of course, just a dream.
The doors to the parlor and hall were likewise closed. She went through the parlor door like she had the library door: quickly, eyes shut tight. As she approached the door to the hall, a thought struck her. I should try to keep my eyes open to record the experience.
She walked to the door and watched as her toes disappeared into the wood. She leaned forward, but stopped just short of where her nose would touch the door. I can't do it!
As she panicked, she fell forward a bit, eyes wide. It was like turning out the all the lights in one room, and after relighting them, being in a different room. All in a split second. Parlor, instant of darkness, hall. It's too bad I won't remember this dream tomorrow, she thought. If you can wake up tomorrow, the nagging voice added.
Lucinda shook her head, trying to get rid of the gnat-voice in her ear. She kept a diary of her dreams , but mostly they washed away with her consciousness. She was always left with some vague impressions, mere images. She diligently recorded them in hopes they made some particular sense.
In the hall, she could hear voices from the dining room. Maybe someone can help me. She was surprised to find a lump of helplessness caught in her throat. It was a scream being swallowed. She didn't question further because she walked through the dining room door.
Mr. O'Malley had just finished saying something about that being the end. Everyone was seated around the table. Everyone, including Lucinda Harris.
"This is impossible! One never sees one's self in their own dreams!" Lucinda said loud enough to catch everyone's attention. At least not sitting at the table eating dinner!
The Lucinda at the table startled at Lucinda's shout. Lucinda was certain she could see her. Lucinda at the table held Lucinda's glance for a second before giving her a terrible little smile. With a small laugh, the Lucinda sitting at the table finished her potatoes.
"Are you alright?" Maye asked Lucinda.
"No!" yelled Lucinda by the doorway.
"Oh yes, I'm fine, Maye," Lucinda at the table answered. "I just choked."
"I'll have Sofia get you some water—"
"No, thank you," she said with gracious pleasantness, "I'm fine." Lucinda glanced up again with that same smile.
"You can see me!" Lucinda shouted.
Sofia began clearing plates from the table, being as careful as was possible for her. Lucinda stepped out of her way as Sofia passed.
"Look at me! I know you saw me!"
In her frustration, she tried to knock a plate from Sofia's hand, but there was no effect. Just like the doorknobs. The action quelled a measure of her vexation.
"None of you see me."
She leaned over Edwin O'Malley's shoulder and took a swipe at his wineglass. She thought she had created the vibrations in the glass but realized Josie had started serving the third course, a soufflé. Josie set one in front of Mrs. O'Malley and Lucinda put her hand through it and the table. Lucinda turned to attempt to knock a bottle of wine from Sofia's hand and ran right through Josie who was moving on an irrational course. Josie faltered and dropped a plate of soufflé. In the process of catching it, and her balance, she bumped into Sofia. Sofia was solid enough to take the bump without much effect.
"Be careful," Sofia whispered to her daughter.
Passing through Josie was different than the doors or plates of doorknobs. There had been a wave of warmth like lowering yourself into a steamy bath. Lucinda realized how cold she was. She put her hand on Rebecca O'Malley's shoulder as best she could. Rebecca was warm and her heart beat as a pulsed with greater heat.
"I wish I had brought my shawl to dinner," she heard Mrs. O'Malley say. "I'm positively freezing."
"Well, I'm sure that couldn't be from sitting around on the damp ground, now could it?" Edwin O'Malley said.
"The ground was not damp," Rebecca retorted. "It's this drafty house."
"The house is just fine, Becky…"
Lucinda took her hand away and quit listening. Rebecca O'Malley was warm and alive, and Lucinda was cold and… She couldn't finish the thought. The Lucinda Harris sitting next to Maye at the table was the near reflection of Lucinda except dressed in green instead of blue.
"You saw me," Lucinda repeated. She circled the table to stand behind herself. "You saw me. I know you did." She reached out to touch the woman in green, but her reflection turned suddenly. For an instant, the face was not that of Lucinda Harris but of a dark shadow with glowing eyes.
Lucinda gasped and pulled away. She ran toward the door, but paused before going through. The face was perfect, blue eyes, strawberry blond hair. When it moved, Lucinda could see the shadow appearing around the edges. The eyes were wrong now. Lucinda could almost swear they were her brother Robert's. She dashed through the door before the other Lucinda could smile at her again.


Chapter Ten


Lucinda didn't linger for long in the darkened hallway. She had never been afraid of the dark before, but she was tonight. In the darkness, she could see all too well the image of herself, her body, sitting at the dining room table. That other figure was talking to Maye Richards, and Maye laughed with it thinking it was Lucinda. It's not! There was definitely something wrong with it. That shadow around the edges. It gave Lucinda chills to think about it. It gave her the impression of a marionette, of something dark and almost unseen pulling strings. Making that face smile at me!
Lucinda fled to the second floor landing where a gaslight provided a small pool of yellow blue light. Lucinda sank beneath the lamp, irrationally trying to keep her entire body within the confines of its glow. She could see the feeble light of the next lamp down the hall. At first glance, the ironwork sconce that held the lamps resembled a claw instead of thorny wines. Neither was comforting.
The alternative was to peer out into the darkness. In comparison, the lights were truly dim. There were places in the corners, where the wall met the ceiling, at the midpoint between each light, where the darkness was thick enough to be a barrier. It clung there. Lucinda was afraid. It would be best, she decided, to stay here until the house is lit again. She tried not to notice the miserable sconces or the darkness, but when she closed her eyes, sleep would not come either. It would be a very long night.
She could hear voices on the stairs. They had finished their meal. Lucinda sprang from where she was seated and retreated to the light further on down the hall, careless of the darkness. She didn't want to be seen from the stairs. And it did see me! She didn't want to see them either. Shutting her eyes tight, she strained to hear their voices.
"Well, I know it's strange." The voice was Maye Richards'.
"She was just so distant to both of us until today. Are you sure she didn't hit her head when she tripped?"
Maye laughed. "Don't be silly, Benton. I don't know what's got into her."
"That's why I think you all should stay another day," Rebecca O'Malley chimed in. "It's been so long since we've all been together like we used to be."
"Maybe this little house party is worth something after all. Right Becky?" Edwin O'Malleys voice sounded out of place to Lucinda's ears. The accent was a little different; too New England to fit in with the group of friends that once included Lucinda.
"You know I'd love to stay forever," Maye said ignoring Edwin, "but…we just can't. We have to return to the city."
"Yes, I suppose," sighed Rebecca. "It's just nice to have some of the old Lucinda back. She has been rather…I don't know. Like some prim old bat."
Maye giggled.
"Ladies," Benton's voice was raspy as he tried to whisper, "I think I hear the rest of the guests. We should discretely say goodnight, yes?"
"Yes." Rebecca stifled her own giggles as the couples split and went to their own rooms.
Lucinda opened her eyes and peered out of the shadows. "A prim old bat! So that's the type of reputation one gets by bettering herself," Lucinda said out loud, forgetting her fear.
The second set of voices was close to the second floor landing and Lucinda hoped it didn't hear her.
"I don't think it's good for you girls to be awake this late," Evelyn said. There was no response from the two girls. Lucinda couldn't remember their names, but admired their mother for trying to give them every opportunity. At least they hadn't been sent to a farm to "learn about the world." She could dimly see Evelyn and the girls on the second flight of stairs.
"I most heartily agree." The voice was Lucinda's, but Lucinda hadn't said anything. "Young ladies shouldn't be up. It is bad for their mental constitution. Being awake this late might cause them to believe in things such as ghosts." The last form in the procession was surprisingly familiar to Lucinda. It stopped decidedly on the landing and stared at Lucinda. In the darkness, Lucinda could almost see her own face smile in the light from the candle the form was carrying.
Lucinda was surprised that anger rose within her instead of fear. Like castor oil in her throat, she could taste hatred. "You can see me and hear me, but you're not me!"
"Oh, don't mention things like that, Lucinda," said Evelyn from farther up the stairs. "You'll give us all a fright."
Lucinda chuckled and continued to climb the stairs. "Maybe there are things to be frightened of, Evelyn."
"Damn you!" Lucinda shouted, using language that was foreign to her. She ran down the hall and up the stairs after the guests. She nearly collided with the form of herself, but within a few inches, she was frozen solid. The darkness repelled Lucinda. The doppelganger smiled over her shoulder. It wasn't until her double moved away that Lucinda could summon the energy to fall to the floor. She was weak and drained, but no longer afraid. It was time to give in. "Perhaps it's true," she whispered sadly. "Perhaps I am a ghost."
The stairway was full of the darkness that frightened her earlier. Now she simply whispered, "I wish it were morning," and closed her eyes.

* * * * *

"What got into you today, girl?" Sofia was more than a little cross. She set a plate of leftover Cornish hen and potatoes in front of her daughter with a good whack that might have damaged one of Mrs. O'Malley's good china plates. It did absolutely nothing to the heavy stoneware that belonged to Sofia. She knew exactly how much force these dishes could handle.
Josie jumped at the noise. She was staring sullenly at the table and that made Sofia angrier. "Well, speak up!"
"I didn't mean to nearly drop the—"
"Enough!" Sofia retreated into the gloom of the kitchen.
A few candles were set on one of the marble-topped cutting tables, and three collapsible chairs were set around it. Sofia glanced at the back of Josie's head as she prepared two more plates of hen and potatoes. The girl picked at her potatoes with her fork. Sofia set a place for David, but ceased setting a plate for the missing Vernon. The first day he had eaten with them, but now the only trace of him was food missing by morning. Today, not even that.
David hadn't appeared for dinner as he usually did. Sofia hoped he wasn't still in the cellar. Oh, he'll turn up. If he doesn't, his dinner will just be cold. Irresponsible young people!
Sofia sighed. It was unfair to think like that. David hadn't done anything and Josie was simply acting like what she was, a young girl. Wasn't I just thinking this afternoon that it was good seeing her looking so young and lovely? Now I'm upset because she acted that way. Sofia forced her anger away as she returned to the table. She set one plate in front of the empty chair and sat down with her own food.
"It's not just dropping the soufflé, Josie," Sofia said evenly. "It's everything today." She paused. "Miss Harris said her cocoa was terribly cold this morning—"
"She wasn't—"
"Socializing with the ladies when you should have been serving them—"
"But Emily and Jane—"
"Misses Robins to you, young lady!" said Sofia sharply. Over Josie's shoulder, Sofia noticed David come into the room, but he didn't approach the table. "Then after tea, you disappeared."
"But we set the table!"
"We?"
"I mean, I. I set the table."
"Don't raise your voice to me You left me a lot of work." David was still lingering in the shadows by the door. Josie caught her mother's eye and turned. It was only then that David made a move toward the table. He sat and gave them both a smile like he had just walked in.
"Good evening, ladies," he said. Without any other comment, he heartily dug into his meal. Josie seemed to expect more from the young man, but said nothing.
"The plate wasn't my fault," she said sulkily.
"Well, whose was it?" Sofia asked. She wasn't entirely sure she wanted or needed an answer.
"All of a sudden I had the strangest sensation. It was…" she frowned, thinking. "It was like when you jump into a cold pond. You know how when you jump in it's so cold it just…" She looked for help from David, but he didn't meet her gaze. "Just for a moment, it was like being dead," Josie finished dramatically.
"Goodness child," said Sofia, shocked, "how would you know?"
"It's all those novels she reads, Sofia," David supplied. Josie was horrified.
"I don't read those—"
"Josephine, if I ever catch you reading trash such as that, I'll…" Sofia wasn't quite sure what a proper punishment would be. She certainly couldn't spank Josie, not when the girl was taller than Sofia was. Sometimes she wished for the power of a priest and could hand out guilt and penance as easy as Hail Marys. She shook her head. Those books were trash, and she would just have to trust her daughter's good judgment not to read them.
Josie continued to sulk.
"I was just kidding, Sofia," David finally said. "I'm sure Josie doesn't read such things. She's much too sensible for that."
Sofia snorted. "If you want sensible, there's always Lucinda Harris."
"Oh, let me apologize then, Josie," said David in mock horror. "I will never call you sensible again if it means being like Miss Harris."
Josie gave a little gasp. "I am sensible," she pleaded.
"David, I think we'd better let poor Josie be now." Sofia was tired of the whole thing, while Josie was still distressed. "Eat your food, dear, and don't worry anymore about it," she told her. "So, how was your day, David?"
"Oh, just lovely, Sofia," David finished his plate of leftovers and helped himself to some more potatoes. "I think the Lord O'Malley isn't talking to me anymore because I let the dogs run off. Or at least in his opinion, I did." David sat and shook his head grimly. "He told me to let the dogs go and then he was mad because they ran away. What was I supposed to do?" Sofia shrugged. "Afterwards, I had the enviable task of currying the horses and making sure none of the dogs hurt themselves. I could have cleared out the entire cellar and repaired those stairs today. Someone's going to break their neck on those stairs…"
"Yes, well, the O'Malleys aren't too concerned with what we need to do, are they?" Sofia said. "I was left without Josie all afternoon. That makes for a lot of work on my part. Of course, if something isn't done because we're too busy, it's certainly not their fault."
"Well, I think I'm going to put my foot down." David gave a thump of his foot to emphasize his point. "I'm talking to O'Malley tomorrow. If he's not going to get us more help with our duties, he can do without."
Josie gave a distressed little gasp and Sofia protested, "It's certainly not as bad as that, David."
"I've had it, Sofia. Other jobs are unlikely to pay as well as this one, but I've never had trouble finding steady work. There comes a point when it's not worth the trouble." David finished his second helping and took the dish to the scullery. Sofia and Josie sat in an uncomfortable silence until he returned. "Sofia, I suggest you make the same kind of demands before you find yourself without Josie's help more often than not." With that, David left.
"David won't be leaving, will he, Mother?" Josie's voice reminded Sofia of when she was a little girl. The tone now startled Sofia again.
"I don't know, Josie," she answered. "Men need to have what they think they want. Mr. O'Malley might need David enough that David will get what he needs."
"Are we going to leave?" Josie's next question was stronger in tone.
"Not if I can help it." Sofia was getting paid more at the Manor than at any previous job. Maybe David could find a job easily, but for a cook with a daughter of questionable use, employment was harder. If Sofia were going to make demands, she would do it in her own way and in her own time.

* * * * *

David didn't mean to frighten the two women at the table with his threats, especially not Josie, but things had to change. Taking care of muddy dogs was not what he was being paid to do. If his threat meant leaving, so be it. He was quite attached to Josie and Sofia, but he would have to stick to his guns, so to speak. If David decided to leave, he had would head out west. Things were more equal out there. Maybe he'd take Josie with him. Sofia too, of course. He sighed. What would be would be.
Half way to the second floor, David remembered the tinderbox in the stables. He half considered going out and getting it. He didn't want it turning go missing. Who would take it from the stable? Vernon? David chuckled to himself. He had the feeling that Vernon was no longer part of the household. The tinderbox would wait until morning. A box that wouldn't easily open was something David could not resist. He was eager to find out its contents, but right now, he was tired. All he wanted right now was to lay down, maybe read a few minutes, and go to sleep.
What a hypocrite I am, David suddenly thought. The things he enjoyed reading the most were stories from the west, especially ones about Kit Carson. He shouldn't have implied that Josie read silly novels when he himself did. Did it matter if it wasn't the most scholarly of works? David was sure O'Malley never picked up a book if he didn't need to. Well, I'll be gone from here soon if he doesn't start treating me like more than a slave.
The house was silent and dark except for the gaslights turned low at each stairway landing. The last person awake, most likely Sofia tonight, would put them out on her way upstairs. It was at night that David noticed things about the Manor that still weren't right. He could hear wind rushing through the eaves where the roof was not entirely intact. There was a rather musty smell on the second floor that meant that not all of the water damage was taken care of. He was sure it was only a matter of time before another ceiling fell. Every once in a while the house shuddered, and David did not want to think about the possible structural damage that could be an indication of. On the third floor landing, David walked through a spot of cold that chilled him to the bone.
"Damn," he muttered. "Maybe Miss Harris is right. There is a draft here."


Chapter Eleven


The storm hit not long after Sofia went to bed. A crack of thunder, which she was certain had damaged the Manor's foundations, woke her. Despite the roars of thunder and vicious lightning, the storm diminished to an annoying drizzle broken by periods of pouring rain by morning. Sofia peered through the rain over her daughter's shoulder. They both stood at the scullery door.
"You don't think anything's happened to him do you, mother?" asked Josie.
"Who? Gibson?" Sofia asked absently. She expecting one of the Manor's farmers, the odd, rather rude one who came by a few times a week to bring her some of the produce she needed. She certainly hoped Gibson wouldn't use the rain to avoid making his delivery. Sofia didn't want to make an extra trip to town after getting so little sleep the night before.
Josie turned around, confused. "Gibson? No, I meant David."
"Child, it's only rain. David won't melt." Josie was concerned, too concerned, and a little hurt.
"Then I wouldn't have either," she mumbled.
"Come help me with these potatoes, Josephine."
If Sofia didn't know better, she would have sworn Josie was pining over a lost love, not a potential one. She noticed some very curious glances between the two earlier when David donned a jacket and went out to the stable to get something he had left. Josie wanted to go with him, which Sofia found odd. Of course, Sofia couldn't let her. It was raining and she was Josie's mother after all. Why, all of a sudden, was Josie started fawning over David? David suddenly had no use for her. Sofia shrugged. Young people!
Josie yawned and joined her mother at the scullery sink. "Did the storm wake you, too?" Sofia asked. Her daughter was silent a second before answering.
"Yes, the lightning was terrible." She kept her eyes on the potato she was scrubbing. "I was scared but I decided to stay alone, by myself, in my room."
"Well, that's good, Josie." Sofia peered at her daughter. "It's good that you're becoming so grown up, so responsible." Josie had taken a great deal of interest in digging out an eye on a particularly dirty potato. "Just remember you're still my little girl."
"Yes, mother. I don't forget that." Her cheeks colored despite the firmness of her reassurance.
David's return cut off further conversation. "Goodness boy, you're soaked!" Sofia quickly removed his jacket as he put a silver colored tinderbox on the scullery counter. Josie merely beamed at him.
"Yes, I am a bit damp, aren't I?" He took the towel Sofia handed him and applied it to his hair. "I swear it waited until I was half way between the stable and the house before the rain decided to pour."
"Is this what has caused so many problems?" Sofia asked gesturing to the tinderbox. "It's quite nice but not worth the trip out."
"Oh, just curiosity, Sofia. I couldn't open the stubborn thing."
"Well, just you remember what the cat got for his efforts," Sofia scolded.
"What's that?" asked Josie finally interested in something other than David's presence.
"A red, dripping nose," David said in complete seriousness. Sofia tried hard not to laugh but did not succeed.
"No," Josie replied, visibly irritated. "What's sticking out of the box?"
"Oh, I don't know. It's some sort of diary, I guess." David pulled out a small bound book.
"Will you read it to me?" Josie asked suddenly breathless for no reason. She stood very close to David. She touched his arm quickly, but took her hand away before he noticed it was there.
"Most certainly not," Sofia said before David could answer. She had not meant to be so vehement. It drew stares from both young people. "Not until David reads it through first and makes sure it is acceptable material for a young lady. You can do that, can't you, David?"
"Of course, Sofia." David blushed and moved away from Josie. He collected his damp jacket from Sofia. "I'll get right on it."
"But David, don't you want some breakfast?" Josie asked.
"I think I hear a wagon," he said half way through the kitchen door. "I'm sure it's Gibson. You two will be busy so I'll eat later." He quickly ducked into the kitchen. Sofia thought he almost ran to the dining room. Both she and Josie frowned as they watched his hasty retreat.
David was right about the wagon. Sofia turned away from the kitchen door in time to see Gibson's wagon arrive a few yards from the scullery door. The rain slowed to a drizzle, but the miserable, sway-backed horses made it clear that they had been caught in the downpour. With great effort, one attempted to shake the water out of its mane. Sofia was always surprised at how much those horses could manage to pull. Usually, the dilapidated old wagon was heavily laden with vegetables, especially potatoes. Sometimes a bump in the road would send some flying. Old Joseph Gibson made no indication he cared at all. In fact, when that would happen he would accelerate. The first time he delivered vegetables to the Manor, Sofia wasn't sure he was going to stop at all, just make a fast turn and slide all the produce out on to the ground.
Today she couldn't tell if the wagon was over loaded. A canvas tarp was rigged over the entire wagon covering both the bed and the seat. It sagged tremendously with the weight of rainwater.
"I wonder how he can see to drive with that thing," Sofia muttered and Josie shrugged in response.
Joseph Gibson climbed laboriously from his wagon. He was a short, dirty man. Sofia saw him about three times a week during the past two months and he was always grimy. Today he wore a red jacket and breeches. The drizzle accumulated on the jacket and left rivulets of clean in their path. Still, the jacket appeared fairly new, and the formless gray cap he usually wore over his balding head was absent. Sofia wondered what the occasion was, especially when he made no movement to unload the wagon.
It was then that Sofia saw movement behind him. Joseph was a good inch shorter than Sofia and as round, but the woman who climbed from the wagon behind him reminded Sofia of a water well with legs. The woman was round and stubby with limp curly hair and pond-water-green eyes. Her face was permanently pinched as though she had been sucking lemons all her life. Behind the woman was a skinny, wide-eyed urchin. In comparison to Mr. and Mrs. Gibson, it was hard to believe the slender child belonged to them.
"I'd like to see Master O'Malley," Gibson said slowly and carefully. It was the first time Sofia ever heard more than three words out of the man's mouth where one of them was not a curse.
"I don't think Mister O'Malley is available yet, Joseph." Sofia his eyes. She had been exposed to Gibson enough to know what was coming next.
"Well, I'm up and you're up, why isn't that—"
"Joe!" The woman's voice did not fit her stout body. It was shrill and about two octaves higher than her husband's. It cut off her husband efficiently. The urchin jumped.
"I beg your pardon," Gibson said deliberately. "It's very important that I see Mister O'Malley."
"Josie?" Josie stepped forward from where she was cowering by the sink. Sofia couldn't blame her daughter for trying to make herself as small as possible. Joseph Gibson had a leer about him on top of everything else. Sofia wasn't comfortable with dealing with him either. She did so because she was required to. "Josie, would you go and see if the Mr. O'Malley's are awake. If they are," Sofia waved away a possible protest from Gibson, "if they are, please ask Mr. O'Malley to come down."
Josie scurried away.
"Can I offer you a seat and a cup of coffee?" Sofia asked Mrs. Gibson, leaning a little to see around Gibson. None of the three stepped into the scullery despite the drizzle outside.
"No," came the shrill curt answer. "No, thank you," Mrs. Gibson said again, remembering herself. That didn't stop her from shooting Sofia a scowl and huddling a little closer to her husband.
"Well, you might as well come in out of the rain," Sofia said as she turned from the motley group. Her potatoes awaited her attention. Out of the corner of her eye, she saw Joseph take enough steps into the scullery to allow his wife and boy inside. Or is that a girl? Sofia couldn't tell from the long scraggly hair or formless clothing. Never the less, the child was almost taller than his mother.
The minutes until Josie's return passed slowly. Sofia kept at her potatoes, glancing occasionally at the Gibson's. They barely moved except for the child that Sofia finally convinced herself was a boy. He kicked at a loose bit of stone at the door's threshold, never taking his eyes off it. The adults stood like statues. It was like they were paranoid about setting foot in the Manor, and Sofia wondered why. It's not like the place is haunted! The thought gave Sofia a shiver. Don't be silly, she almost said out loud. Haunted, indeed!
It was a relief when Josie finally hurried through the door with Mr. O'Malley following hard upon her heels. Suddenly the scullery was overly crowded.
"What is the meaning of this?" Mr. O'Malley stormed.
"Sir, I need to speak to you, gentleman to gentleman," Gibson replied. Sofia wondered how much coaching it had taken from the missus for Gibson to get that right.
"Who the hell are you? Why have I been dragged out of my bed at this time in the morning—" Sofia winced, but Josie was too engaged in the drama unfolding to realize she had done wrong.
"My name is Joseph Gibson, and I've damn well been working since dawn loading your damn food!" Mrs. Gibson smashed her husband's foot with her own and was repaid with a slight shove. She obviously did not approve of how Joseph was handling the matter.
"Watch your language!" Mr. O'Malley chided as well. "You claim to be a gentleman!"
"Well, I may not be a gentleman, but it's my right to feed my family as well as yours."
"Sofia! Who is this man?" Sofia was startled to be so abruptly dragged into the argument.
"This is Mr. Gibson, sir. He—"
"I am Joseph Gibson!" he cut Sofia's words off. "I bring you damned food so you can hold fancy dinners with you upper soc-i-ety friends, while me and mine sit in a shack and starve!"
"David!" Mr. O'Malley bellowed.
"You don' bother to pay us anything, but you take everything," Gibson continued.
"You have land to farm. David!" Mr. O'Malley yelled so loud that the dishes in their cabinets rattled, and Josie covered her ears and squinted her eyes shut.
"I can't fill the hole in my baby's stomach with land!" Mrs. Gibson joined the fight, shoving the urchin forward.
"David!" Mr. O'Malley yelled again and David finally appeared in the doorway behind him.
"Yes sir?" David's voice was strangely composed and quiet in light of the shouting.
"I want you to remove this man before I have to do it myself. I don't know what he's talking about but I do not enjoy being removed from my bed at this time of the day to be shouted at!"
"Ah, sure," Gibson toned down to a loud mutter. "Just have another poor bastard slave to show me to the door, you—" A punch in the arm from Mrs. Gibson cut the curse short. David calmly walked across the room and took Gibson's arm. Gibson wrenched violently from David's rather gentle grip. "I can find my own way out, thank you, oh lord and master." Gibson left with a low bow in Edwin O'Malley's direction. Mrs. Gibson did not move, but craned her neck upward to stare Mr. O'Malley in the eyes with a deadly sort of calm. The child again hid behind his mother and glanced uncomfortably toward his retreating father.
"Stella!" Gibson rumbled from the door. The woman narrowed her eyes and finally followed her husband out, pushing her child in front of her.
"What is going on in here?" Mrs. O'Malley appeared in the kitchen door in a heavy robe as soon as the Gibsons had left.
"One of the farm hands had a complaint." Edwin O'Malley said disdainfully.
"Instead of taking the opportunity to hear him out, you throw him out?" Mrs. O'Malley was not happy.
"Becky!"
"Don't shout at me, Edwin." Rebecca O'Malley said quietly. "I've said for the past several weeks that you should talk to the farmers on your land and you haven't. This was inevitable."
"But Becky, he—"
"I'll have none of it, Edwin." Mrs. O'Malley left before Edwin could continue. He paused before following.
Sofia and David exchanged glances.
Finally, Sofia shrugged. "I wonder when I should tell him that Gibson didn't leave produce for today and I won't be able to make dinner without it?"
"I'd wait a while, Sofia," David answered.


Chapter Twelve


"Boy!"
David's spine went rigid at the sound of the voice behind him. He turned to find Lucinda Harris pursuing him. David had been trying to get away from people all morning. O'Malley was in a foul mood after dealing with the incredibly diplomatic Mr. Gibson, and David decided it would simply be better to wait to make his demands.
David figured he would take a day off to rest; he deserved it after tromping around yesterday after horses and dogs. He knew of a quiet spot where he could pore over the contents of the mysterious tinderbox. So far, his plan had not worked out. He had taken care of several minor things for Sofia including a brief, wet trip into town for necessary vegetables and fixed a stuck wardrobe door for Theresa Donavan. "Boy!" The voice made David jump a second time. Lucinda Harris was still before him, ignoring her had not made her go away.
Surprisingly, her hair was around her shoulders and she was dressed in a white frock with light blue trim with a neckline low enough to be modern fashion. David thought he recognized it as one of Maye Richards' dresses. It made Miss Harris look younger, considerably better than usual except for her face. Miss Harris' face was as it always was; an unattractive blend of fury and condescension. "Good morning, Miss Harris. What can I do for you?" David flashed his best smile, not that it would help him a whole lot.
"I do believe I asked you yesterday to move my bed to the corner by the window where the dressing table is." Miss Harris crossed her arms across her chest in expectation of an excuse that would not be good enough.
"I'm terribly sorry, Miss Harris." David had entirely forgotten the request. "Yesterday was rather busy with the hunt and all."
Lucinda made a little noise through her nose. She eyed David stem to stern; her attention caught more than once on the silver box David was holding. "Well you certainly aren't busy right now. You can come and do it now."
"Yes, ma'am." David sighed and followed Lucinda to her room.
In the doorway, Lucinda spun around abruptly to face David. "What is that you have in your hands, boy?"
"It's just an old tinderbox, Miss Harris. I found it yesterday in the cellar."
"Does that mean it is now yours?"
"Mr. O'Malley charged me with opening it," David lied. Lucinda made another disapproving noise, but said no more.
David placed the box by the door and surveyed the room. It was full of the same sturdy, heavy furniture as the rest of the Manor. He was not looking forward to moving the bed by himself. Not that there was anyone else around to help. "Are you sure you want me to move the bed by the window? I know you were worried about drafts."
"Please, don't question my requests. It is not your place." Her voice was icy.
"Yes, ma'am." David replied evenly. He wouldn't be surprised if he were asked to move the bed back tomorrow. The dressing table would need to be moved out of the way first. There were quite a few perfume bottles on its top. "Can I move these, Miss Harris? I'd hate to break one in the process of moving the table."
"No, I'll do it. You might break one of them anyway." Miss Harris quickly whisked the bottles and a silver brush out of the way, putting them haphazardly on the bed.
"So, Miss Harris, did you enjoy the picnic?" David wasn't going to let the woman intimidate him. He grabbed hold of the table being careful not smudge the mirror.
"No, I didn't. I twisted my ankle."
"Oh, I'm sorry to hear that," David puffed. The dresser was heavier than he expected. "You must be feeling better." He grunted with effort. "I didn't notice a limp."
David noticed Lucinda shifting her weight uncomfortably, and then moved out of his line of sight. When he turned around, she was crouching next to the tinderbox.
"Miss Harris!" It was Lucinda's turn to be startled. She rose quickly with the tinderbox in hand. "Miss Harris, please don't touch that."
She glared at him. "How dare you—" She clutched the box protectively to her chest.
With a sigh, David unbent himself from over the dresser. "Miss Harris, the edges are sharp where I opened it. I wouldn't want you to cut yourself." He walked over to where she stood and gently took the tinderbox from her.
She made no attempt to resist, but the fury that spread slowly over her face was unlike anything that David had ever seen before. Her eyes narrowed and showed her teeth like a feral dog. David almost dropped the tinderbox in shock. The expression passed in a second and her face settled into its mask of disdain.
"Get out, boy," she said in a voice that might have belonged to a wild dog no matter how civilized her face might have become. David hesitated, glancing at the dresser sitting in the middle of the room. "Now." David carefully slid past Miss Harris and out the door. He wasn't sure she wouldn't try to bite him. She slammed the door shut behind him.
He tried his best not to run to the door of the servant's stairway, but his pace was much hastier than it was before Lucinda Harris had distracted him. The servant's stairs were at the back of the house. They had obviously been an ill-conceived add-on after the Manor had been built. Among other problems, they led from the servant's rooms on the fourth floor to the ballroom, not the kitchen.
Nevertheless, the servant's stairway was one of David's favorite places in the house. The stairway was a steep, near spiral with a landing at each floor only big enough for the door to swing open. In contrast to the rest of the Manor's dark interiors, the woodwork was brightly whitewashed and at each landing, there was a ceiling to floor length paned window. Even on an overcast day like this one, David enjoyed the cheerfulness of so much light in such a small space. More importantly, no one used the servant's stairway. Sofia dismissed them as too steep and unsafe. She informed O'Malley that in no uncertain terms would she and Josie risk breaking their necks on those stairs. They were perfect for hiding out.
David quietly closed the door to the third floor landing. He didn't want to attract more attention, especially Miss Harris'. He couldn't quite shake the feeling that she might have torn his throat out. For what? Being concerned she might cut herself? "Crazy woman," he muttered.
It was a little silly, but he walked up one flight of stairs before sitting and getting comfortable. The further away, the better. The only disadvantage to the stairs was that if anyone were to open the door off the landing it would hit him. He figured the probability low, and the risk worth some peace and quiet. He opened the tinderbox and took out the book within it.
The book was a small volume bound in supple sea green stained leather. The spine was tooled in gold. Elaborate filigree marked a space on the spine where a title might have been. It was blank. David flipped quickly through the pages. The paper was thin but not so thin that a person couldn't write on it in ink and have it seep through. Most of the pages were filled with a fine spidery handwriting that was surprisingly easy to read.
There was no name on the first page as he hoped there might be. He started to read the first entry, squinting when heavier clouds took away what sunlight there was.

As I start this, the seventh volume of my memoirs, I must as always reexamine my reasons for keeping such a chronicle. A quiet sensible voice tells me that no one would ever be at all interested in the day-to-day life of a simple butler of a minor household. Yet despite this quiet voice of sense, I am compelled to write, always write. Perhaps, as I have mentioned in past volumes, some future historian will need to know the operations of a household in a somewhat isolated spot as the one this great old manor occupies. That future historian will search high and low for a proper and accurate source, information written by someone who knows, someone who has lived the experience. My little volumes will most certainly be found covered in dust on the lower shelf in the lower most level of the library that I will donate them to upon the occasion of my death. They will have been disregarded as of little worth until that faithful researcher finds them, and they will be invaluable to him. At least that is all a humble man can hope for.
As I write this, my duties done for the day, I turn to the short period of time I call my own before I decide sleep is in order. It was a most overcast day and mirrored the mood of the august manor. It is hard for me to say why exactly a weight hangs over this fair house even though I--

"David?" The voice came from below him on the stairs. David sighed. He'd never finish reading. He had barely started.
"I'm here, Josie." He bent the corner of the page. That wasn't how one treated an especially fine book, but he had forgotten anything to mark the page with. Josie blended into the walls. She was wearing a white dress with pleats and silk ribbon trim. It was a good deal nicer than what she wore this morning and certainly too fancy to be doing chores in. Half of David's mouth quirked into a smile. She had changed for him.
"Shouldn't you be helping your mother?" he asked with a grin. "Or am I going to have to learn how to do other things than help set a table?"
Josie blushed at the question and tilted her head forward so she was gazing at David through her eyelashes. "Its laundry day," she said, "and there really wasn't that much to do. A very light day for laundry." David knew immediately that she was lying because her eye grew wide in an effort to endow every word with innocence. Of course, today wouldn't be a light laundry day after the picnic yesterday. He knew that at least the hems of several dresses were quite soiled.
"Josie, you shouldn't be shirking your duties." He tried to be stern but he was never very good at it. She sat on the landing very close to him.
"And what duty are you doing by reading?" she said, quickly exchanging her airs of demureness and humility for coquettish indignation. David wasn't sure either were becoming on her. Josie was most lovely when she was unselfconscious. It was then that she was free with her smile and he did love to see her smile.
"I told your mother I would read this to be sure it was suitable for innocent young ladies to read."
"So, is it?" A hurt expression passed over her face, surely from remembering David picking on her the night before in front of her mother.
"I don't know yet. I haven't had a chance to read it. Besides I don't know if there are any innocent young ladies around for it to matter."
Josie's frown deepened. "I thought you were going to read it to me?"
David shook his head and laughed. As he leaned forward to kiss Josie, he wondered, What have I gotten myself into? Her lips were warm and David readily put aside his book for a few minutes. He was sure he would be in considerable trouble if they were found out. O'Malley probably wouldn't care in the slightest but he'd earn a few whacks from Sofia's heavy, stone rolling pin if she knew where her daughter was spending her lost minutes.
It was those thoughts exactly that caused David to jump as much as Josie when they heard a voice on the stairway.
"David?" The voice was Mr. O'Malley's and it did not sound entirely happy.
David and Josie didn't move or breathe to betray their presence. O'Malley sounded like he was several floors below them, but sound carried on the strange steep staircase.
"Damn boy, I can't ever find him…" They heard O'Malley grumble as he shut the door.
"David!" said Josie suddenly urgent. "I was sent to find you. I forgot. Mr. O'Malley was looking for you. He thought, since it was raining, that the roof would be leaking."
David closed his eyes for a second and tried to be more annoyed at O'Malley for considering a rainy day the best for fixing a roof than at Josie's keen memory. He sighed.
"Josie, go find Mr. O'Malley and tell him I'm in the attic searching for leaks. You didn't want to climb the stairs to the attic because it was too high. Is that fine?" David put the book into the tinderbox and pressed it into her hands. "Take this to my room."
"David, I shouldn't be in your room…"
"Josie, you have my permission. Now what are you going to tell Mr. O'Malley?" He didn't want to treat the girl like she was in grade school, but he also didn't want to be in disfavor with his employer. At least not yet.
"I'm to tell Mr. O'Malley that if he needs to talk to you, you're in the attic. I didn't want to go because I don't like heights."
"Good. Now, go!" Josie nodded decisively and left. David watched her retreat until she disappeared around a corner before he headed to the attic.


Chapter Thirteen


Lucinda found herself standing on the second floor landing in the bright daylight and was relieved. She was glad that it was day, glad there was no longer darkness pressing in on her like thick gravy. What worried her is that she had not woken up from a sleep. She just suddenly become aware of herself standing there. It was rather disconcerting.
She furrowed her brow. "The last thing I remember was wishing it were daytime, wishing I was on my way to breakfast. Warm sunlight surrounded me as if I were in a room with windows, not the hallway." As she said it, as she realized it should not be this bright, some of the light dimmed away from the stairway. Shadows crowded in a little closer. Lucinda scowled. Then she heard thunder and the entire illusion crumbled. Not only was it supposed to be dimmer in the hallway, the sun wasn't shining.
"Curiouser and curiouser," she muttered. "Only this isn't a dream anymore." She turned the corner into the east hallway of the second floor. "I bet I can still walk through doors." She smiled, only a fraction of humor behind it. "Closed doors at that."
She started down the hall, but suddenly stopped. If one can walk through a heavy, closed wood door, why couldn't one walk through walls as well? She hesitated before stepping through the wall to her right.
The sensation was different than going through the door. It
took longer, but she passed through nothing more solid than air. I'll have to note that in my journal, Lucinda thought but then caught herself. "I won't ever be able to write in my journal again. I won't be able to pick up a pen or the paper." Her voice sounded small in the big room she entered. It occurred to her that she didn't have to worry about anyone hearing her speak either, but she still kept her voice foolishly quiet.
The room was entirely bare and featureless except for a yard wide hole in front of the window. Lucinda carefully skirted the hole in the floor and went to the window. They obviously hadn't repaired this room yet. "Disgraceful," whispered Lucinda. "No wonder Edwin didn't invite more people. The other vacant rooms are probably in the same sort of disrepair."
Lucinda hadn't seen anyone around who might be qualified to repair a house. Surely that boy servant doesn't do labor like this! Although, it would explain why he hadn't known what to do with her bags when she arrived and why he was always in some sort of hurry. It didn't matter.
The view from the window was the near duplicate of the view from her room with the same muddy driveway and yard. She could almost see the garden from here, if she leaned far enough to her right. Well, what should be a garden. The only truly remarkable difference between this room and her room was she could see a large, dense clump of trees to the right of the drive, some small distance outside of the property fence. The small forest was dark and shadowy, full of pines and firs that wouldn't lose their leaves.
It would be cool there, Lucinda thought to herself. Yes, cool and damp. She could almost see the moss growing on the sides of the trees. The ground beneath the trees would be a floor of old leaves and new, slowly rotting away. Pine needles and cones from the evergreens. She could almost smell it; a warm smell that included things living and growing but dying, too. No, I really can smell it. Lucinda was suddenly not in the dilapidated third story room, not in the house at all. She was standing in the middle of the woods.
As far as she could see, there were trees. The wind blew through and shadows moved around her in an alarming way.
"Don't be silly, Lucinda," she murmured. "The shadows aren't going to hurt you." She began to walk without intending to go anywhere. She wasn't the least bit concerned with what was going on, why she had suddenly found herself here. Not after all that had occurred in the last few days. "No," she said briskly, "I will be quite content to wander."The tiredness creeping into her bones did not stop her.
The woods were everything she imagined. Do they exist outside of my head? Lucinda was thrilled with the possibility that this could be all in her mind. Of course, I'd never be studied and documented. Physicians will never study me in some horrid fashion. I'm sure none believes in ghosts much less treat them for hysterics. She shrugged and kept walking.
Everything was real enough. The bark on the trees was rough and jagged, the ground was spongy with moisture. She always liked the forest. It was the only part of living with her grandparents that she liked. That was after her parents died. The wooded area behind their house always gave her a certain sort of peace even if the only times she was allowed to go there was when Grandmother would take her out mushroom hunting.
"Don't ever trust a servant to find mushrooms, Lucinda," she could hear her grandmother say. "It's not that they might want to poison you; they just get lazy and pick whatever mushroom they find."
Lucinda nodded at that. Personally, she was convinced that Grandmother was afraid of being poisoned by her servants. Grandmother didn't trust anyone further than her voice could reach. If Grandmother had an inkling of some of the thoughts Lucinda entertained… Lucinda didn't want to think of it. Grandmother was a very strong woman and very wise in her own way. Lucinda had to learn respect for Grandmother if she ever wanted to make something of herself. At least that's what Grandmother said.
"NO!" The voice startled Lucinda. "What are you doing, girl? Not paying attention, that's what."
Grandmother was beside her with a hand on Lucinda's wrist as Lucinda reached out for something. Mushrooms of course.
"I just told you, not those kind," Grandmother said sharply. She let go of Lucinda's wrist, but not before giving it a shake. "Those kind can kill a man, Lucinda. Is that what you want? To kill your old grandmother?"
"Of course not, Grandmother," Lucinda stammered. "I wasn't thinking…" She really couldn't think clearly. This was wrong, somehow. Lucinda looked at herself. She was dressed in a high collared, old-fashioned dress of dark print calico. Grandmother insisted she wear these. They were more respectable. A true lady doesn't go around showing herself off. Lucinda still wore the little gold ring Grandmother gave her, but she hadn't wanted to after Robert's death. Grandmother insisted she wear it. A proper lady always wore some jewelry. It showed she was responsible. The ring was all Lucinda had left.
Everything was right, was it? Lucinda was very tired; maybe that was causing her not to think clearly. For some reason, she couldn't shake the thought that Grandmother had been dead for many years. That couldn't possibly be, silly girl. The tone she used with herself was the same Grandmother used. Grandmother was right over there.
No, Grandmother was gone.
Lucinda didn't give it much thought. She focused her attention on the mushrooms instead. This one and that one were good. They'd be used in soup tonight. That one was all right, too. That one, that one could kill a man. As she reached for it, the world around her shimmered as though a great wind made the shadows dance.
Lucinda was in the woods to the northeast of the Manor again, not in the woods behind her grandmother's house. She was leaning over a mushroom about to pick it. Not that one, girl! She could hear Grandmother's voice dimly in her head. Lucinda was wearing the same light blue dress as yesterday. Or was it days ago? She didn't know anymore, couldn't remember. She remembered that the dress had been wrinkled, not nicely pressed as it was now. The dress wavered around her becoming wrinkled before her eyes.
"It'll be whatever I think it is, won't it?" she whispered.
Wrinkles fell away from the dress and then changed from light blue to the dark calico. Lucinda smiled, but she was growing tired. All she could see was trees in every direction. Trees and shadows. She couldn't see a hint of the Manor.
Lucinda started to panic, she was lost and no one would ever find her! The shadows crept closer. She spun around and was sure that for a second a man had been standing behind her. A wave of molten panic flowed through her as the memory of last night returned vividly. There had been a man made of shadows with bright eyes. He had taken her by the throat and ended her life.
Lucinda forced herself to stand absolutely still and whirled around again. No, not a man made of shadows, but a man stepped out of the shadows and lunged at her, his fingers wrapping around her throat. His face was bloated gray, his eyes the empty blue of her brother Robert's. Lucinda screamed and scrambled backwards. Then something pulled her. Something pulled her backwards.
She closed her eyes as everything blurred around her. She couldn't stop screaming even when she realized she was in the Manor's bare bedroom.
The man was gone.
Lucinda took a few steps from the window. She peered out the window at the wooded area. It was barer now than before. There were not as many evergreens, and naked branches grasped at the sky. She didn't go to the window for fear that the man could still see her standing in the window. She was almost sure she could see him standing at the edge of the woods, impossible as that was. It was much too far to see anything. Lucinda closed her eyes and commanded the throbbing in her ears to slow.
"You're not only dead, Lucinda my dear, you're going mad," she said in the calmest voice she could manage. "You have lost a grasp on reality. You can't tell what is real and what is a memory."
In fact, she wasn't sure if she did remember a shadow man strangling her. "Unless I was murdered." Lucinda opened one eye and then the other. It was an intriguing possibility, but one that was likely a delusion. The thought calmed her as she began running through a list of who might want to kill her. Ridiculous!
She suddenly wished she had read some of those mysteries Benton was so fond of reading. She thought they were the same kind of useless writing that most magazines published, but she used to trust Benton's judgments.
There was no one who might want her dead. "These people are my friends. We're not as close anymore, but…" Then Lucinda remembered seeing her herself at the dinner table, on the stairs, the shadowy form behind her own smile. Was that…thing responsible for what happened to her? Had it taken her body, leaving her like this? The thoughts made her skin crawl.
Lucinda realized she was standing over the hole in the floor. Not standing near it, not teetering on the brink, standing over it. Hovering. Standing with her feet flat on a floor that was not there. The drop was not a large one, just a few feet between the floor of the second floor and the ceiling of the first. It startled Lucinda.
"Ah!" she gasped as she started falling as she knew she should. Instead of landing on the first floors ceiling, she continued to fall. She passed through the ceiling of the parlor as well as its floor.
"No!" She shouted as she entered darkness.
It was like falling in a dream; a fall where a few inches stretched into an eternity. She remembered her Aunt Conway telling her in a softly menacing voice that if she ever fell in her dreams and hit the ground, she'd die. It was the sort of thing that didn't need to be told. Lucinda knew it from the first time she tripped in a dream. The sheer terror of falling would be enough to kill someone. This was the same viscera churning terror and it would only cease if she willed herself to stop falling before she hit the ground.
After her eyes adjusted to the lack of light, she couldn't see much. She was in a small room with irregular walls and no light. Only a small, insignificant, strip of brightness high up. Yes, it is the top of some stairs. She could barely make them out in the gloom.
"I must be in the cellar. I wish it were brighter in here," she sighed.
As if on command, her eyes adjusted more than she thought they could. It was as if the room brightened a little.
The first thing Lucinda noticed was that the ceiling of the room was higher above her than it should be. She then saw her body half buried in the rough dirty floor of the cellar. Amazingly, she didn't panic. She could still move her arms and legs. She held her hand out in front of her face. It moves out of the ground just as easily as it would move through a door. How am I going to get out of this? Lucinda tried to push on the ground but her hands passed right through it, into it.
"How was I doing it before? Why am I not sinking into the ground further?" she shouted at the ceiling, waiting for God or someone to answer. As soon as she said it, she started falling again.
"This can't be!" she shouted. "There's ground all around me! I shouldn't be falling." With that, the falling sensation, that cold, fast terror that until now had only been a part of her dreams, stopped again.
Lucinda could see nothing now. There was nothing to see. She couldn't tell whether her eyes were closed or not but she did her best to keep them closed. She was very close to crying.
"When did this entire thing begin?" she sobbed. She tried to remember, to think of anything but being trapped underground like some buried body.
The last thing she could remember that was not slightly wrong, slightly off from everything she had known was standing at the window of her room watching the sun set.
She tried to recreate her room in her head. There was the bed in one corner, its dark posts and a fluffy comforter the color of late summer roses. There was the wardrobe and the red and black oval rug that was dwarfed by everything in the room. There was the dressing table with her silver hairbrush and some bottles of perfume. She always made a point of buying a bottle in every city of note she had ever been in. She did not travel much so there were only a few. There was, of course, the mirror…
Lucinda's thoughts caught there. The mirror she could no longer see herself in. She didn't want to face things like that; things that reminded her she was no longer part of the rest of the world.
"No," she said out loud, "even the mirror. I want to see that wretched mirror." She forced the tears out of her voice and kept her eyes closed against them. "I want to be in my room. In front of the mirror."
She opened her eyes and was standing in front of a mirror but she wasn't sure if it was her room or not. The dresser was sitting in the middle of the room. The bed was in the same position and so was the rug on the floor. Lucinda didn't puzzle over the furniture for long. She could clearly see her reflection in the mirror, but the reflection was wearing different clothes. The reflection was not of Lucinda, only of her body. Lucinda turned from the mirror to face the other Lucinda.


Chapter Fourteen


The doppelganger had just come through the door. Utter disgruntlement turned to surprise at finding someone in its room. The creature smiled at Lucinda, but it wasn't a pleasant smile. The almond-shaped blue eyes that Lucinda knew as well as her own reflection held a dark taint now. The smile showed too many teeth. The dress and hair were positively indecent. Lucinda gasped at the neckline. How could she wear that, a spinster of her age? The thought surprised her. It was something she might say in strictest confidence about someone else. She never thought she would say it about herself. Of course, that wasn't her, was it?
"Poor dear," the doppelganger said broadening that sickening smile. "You must be terribly confused."
"You really can see me, can't you?" Lucinda's voice was breathy, slightly above a whisper.
The creature's smile dropped suddenly to a contemptuous sneer. "I thought you already figured that much out. I didn't realize that someone with our strength of will could be so dumb."
Lucinda didn't know what to say or do. She knew she should be terrified, but she couldn't pass her curiosity. It wasn't everyday that one met her own body and carried on a conversation! That isn't me, Lucinda reminded herself again. It can't possibly be me.
The doppelganger walked toward the dressing table and stopped short in front of Lucinda. Its face was unreadable now, like a mask made of wax with black marbles for eyes.
"Will you get out of my way?" it asked.
Lucinda expected it to pass right through her and probably take great delight in doing so. Following her train of thought, she took a step forward with the intention of passing through or, more intriguingly, running into the form that was her body. The other figure abruptly stepped away.
"What are you doing, you dolt?" it roared.
"I don't know," Lucinda replied with her own sneer. "I assume I'm too much of an idiot to know." She took another step toward the doppelganger reaching for her. It scrambled away before she could make contact. Lucinda gave chase as best as she could. The other took refuge in the corner where the dressing table had been before turning on Lucinda. It threw out its hand with a shout and Lucinda suddenly stopped. At first, only her feet were stuck in place to the floor but quickly, faster than anything Lucinda ever experienced before, thin tendrils of invisible ice crept up her legs, around her torso, down her arms, and surrounded her head.
In front of her, an oily shadow stood half in and half out of the physical body of Lucinda Harris. It leaned forward as if it intended to touch Lucinda. The physical remains of Lucinda Harris remained propped in the corner from the waist up. The shadow merged with the body, its legs remained upright at an unnatural angle. The shadow was man-shaped and a good deal larger than Lucinda's body. Where eyes should have been were small bright lights.
Lucinda struggled against her bonds and the panic rising within her. She wanted to be clear-headed. There were pieces of some puzzle here, and at one time, she had been quite good at puzzles. The sight of her body slumped limply in the corner like an abandoned rag doll did not help matters. She fought harder and finally her head and lips were free to move.
"Robert," she murmured. She put that thought far from herself, too, and closed her eyes. She didn't need to see the shadow before her. It only frightened her. She wanted to be calm. I want to be away from here. Her mind involuntarily jumped to being submerged in earth again and that startled her. "No, not that," she whispered but there was no worry in her voice, no fright.
Wisps of ice fell away from her. She couldn't tell whether she had broke free or if the shadow had let her go, but she could hear a slight laugh in the distance before she opened her eyes. The laugh was her own voice and she couldn't tell whether she laughed or whether it had been the doppelganger.
She opened her eyes. She found herself standing in the Manor's attic.
The dusty room was filled with the washed out light of the midday storm. Shadows hung in the furthest tips of the eaves, and in places, water dripped in through holes in the roof. The room was filled edge to edge with furniture, leaving no room to walk. Lucinda was glad to be able to pass through objects. Otherwise, I'd be climbing over furniture! Lucinda wandered around, awed by all the palatial furniture and by the events of the last few hours. She didn't want to think too hard on the shadow and her old body. Somehow…
No, I truly don't want to think about it. Too much has happened today.
She shook her head. That type of thinking was not going to help her. Lucinda knew somehow that it couldn't hurt her, but it made her shiver to think of her body half upright, half crumpled in the corner. However, while it was an uncomfortable concept, it caused no harm to her. No physical harm, she thought to herself. Who knows what kind of mental trauma this is going to cause? It was still able to move her body, use it. Maybe there is some way I can get my body back… She couldn't think of how.
"Oof!" The sound startled Lucinda. She quickly turned, trying to find the sound. It was David running into a wrought iron chair.
Lucinda wasn't quite sure how she missed the boy. Unless there was a trap door hidden somewhere amongst the furniture that she hadn't noticed before. She watched him and didn't attempt to call out to him. It's no use. Only one person can hear me.
She watched the boy a while. He must be there to repair some of the gaps in the roof, but he was having problems maneuvering boards and nails over the furniture without damaging anything. Lucinda supposed he wasn't too bad of a worker. Perhaps in life I was too hard on him. In any case, he is quite handsome, she thought with a slight blush. The thought crossed her mind before when both he and the maid in her room to find the draft. Lucinda was ashamed that she had envied the two. They were a rather handsome young couple. She shook her head slowly. "Pettiness," she whispered sadly.
"I wish I could sit, have a bit of tea, and think," she sighed out loud.
It struck her as strange how unafraid she was of the doppelganger. There were other things to be afraid of. Expressionless blue eyes flashed to mind. She shook the thought out of her head and concentrated on the room, ignoring the noises David made.
Most of the furniture was ruined. She could smell mold working its way through cushions and fabric. A tinge of mustiness reminded her of the woods near the house. Under that smell was the sweet, almost alcoholic smell of rotting wood. The worst smell she could pick out came from the down pillows on some of the furniture. It reminded her of Aunt Conway plucking chickens for dinner and the last wet summer she spent there with her brother.
"No." Her voice was firm and insistent. "I'm not going to think of that."
On one of the outer walls, there was a portrait of a woman, but that was the only detail Lucinda could make out. She walked over to keep her mind off other things. The portrait was old and water stained, leaving a greenish black trail of mixed color. Other parts were faded and cracked where sunlight bleached it. It must have been here for a very long time for that to happen.
Lucinda leaned closer, not paying attention to the settee she was impossibly standing in the middle of. The woman in the picture had pale skin as far as Lucinda could tell, with reddish blonde curls. If she has blue eyes, she could almost be me! Lucinda thought with a smile. The eyes were missing, and not because of a bad watermark or bleaching. They appeared to have been rubbed out entirely until the canvas beneath showed.
Lucinda pulled away. "Silly thing," she said. "It's amazing no one has thrown such a worthless picture out yet."
Somehow, she couldn't take her eyes off of it. The missing eyes gave the painting an emotionless quality. No, not a lack of emotion, a blankness that could be attributed to many emotions even if the lips were smiling. The woman could have been happy or in the deepest misery. Or angry, spiteful, vengeful. Yes, that's what could be there. The smile is a mocking one, the eyes so blank they are unthinking. They would find her. They would have her!
Darkness covered the portrait as if someone were dumping a large bucket of black paint down the front of it. The darkness didn't stop at the bottom of the painting, but flowed, crept over the small margin of floor and up the side of the settee. Lucinda backed away. She wanted nothing to do with this. The eyes began to show through the black, became the only things visible. They weren't flat white anymore, but blue.
"No!" Lucinda shrieked. Those eyes would never have her!
She pulled away from the painting, but darkness was closing in from other parts of the room. It moved like it was alive, like the shadow of a cloud passing over the sun, devouring landscape underneath it. Wildly she searched for David, for the door he used, for a window, anything, and only found darkness coming closer. She hunched low, sinking into the sofa she was standing in. Lucinda didn't think it would help, but she closed her eyes and wished to be somewhere else.


Chapter Fifteen


Sofia carried the tea service on a wood and ceramic tray instead of the silver one that matched the set. The silver tray was heavier and the edges were not as deep. There were instances when she had found herself tangled with Josie as Josie opened the doors and nearly dumped an entire pot on the parlor room floor. Mrs. O'Malley inquired about the silver serving tray once. Sofia lied and said that it was tarnished and Josie would get to polishing it right away. Josie polished it before Sofia carefully stowed it away in one of the china cabinets in the kitchen. Mrs. O'Malley never asked about it again.
The entire group of guests was gathered in the parlor for early tea. The storm kept everyone indoors today. Sofia was used to the women taking an outing or the men at least walking to the stables to talk of horses, but all were gathered and restless. Lewis Donavan and Benton Richards pulled two chairs over to a small table and set up the chessboard Mr. Donavan found in the library's huge desk. Maye Richards was contentedly reading a small green leather bound book that Sofia suspected also came from the library. Mr. O'Malley looked agitated and in a foul mood. He paced between the chessboard and the settee where his wife sat. Occasionally, he would comment on some move that Mr. Donavan should make. Evelyn Jones and Lucinda Harris sat conversing quietly while Theresa Donavan gave a lesson in embroidery to Emily and Jane. Only Rebecca O'Malley sat with nothing to do. For the most part, she watched her husband pace.
Sofia made her rounds serving tea. She knew just how everyone took their tea by now, and didn't have to interrupt anything. Maybe I should do them all the service of dumping tea on the parlor floor, Sofia thought. Maybe it would shake things up a little. She almost chuckled at the thought and continued with the tea.
"It's too bad we don't have a piano, Edwin," Mrs. O'Malley said as Edwin O'Malley paced toward her.
"Why? You don't play." His tone was curt, still angry from earlier.
"Still," Mrs. O'Malley said quietly, "someone else may want to play."
Mr. O'Malley paid no attention to the comment. With an about face, he returned to the chessboard. Benton Richards coughed out the word check and Edwin O'Malley leaned in to advise poor Mr. Donavan.
"How are you feeling, Benton?" Rebecca O'Malley asked from across the room.
"Just fine," Benton Richards said with a smile. "Well, better."
"Does that mean you and Maye will be staying for a while longer?"
"I don't—"
"Rebecca!" Mr. O'Malley said sharply. "Will you please leave Benton in peace? He is trying to concentrate on his game!"
Mrs. O'Malley stared off into space until Sofia set a cup of tea beside her. She took it angrily and held it to her lips to blow on it.
"You shouldn't do that, Rebecca," Edwin O'Malley said resuming his pacing, "it's not ladylike in the least."
Mrs. O'Malley set the cup down with an audible clunk without drinking. The motion sent tea sloshing over the sides. That occurrence happened six days out of seven. Rebecca O'Malley was not graceful on her best day and utterly clumsy when riled. Sofia always knew which teacup was Mrs. O'Malley's from the amount of tea in the saucer.
"Maye?" The anger in Rebecca O'Malley's voice was replaced by pleading. "Maye, please. Surely, you must have some idea for some entertainment. You always do."
Maye Richards peeked over the top of her book with a wicked grin. "I'm afraid for right now I have to tell you to join Theresa's embroidery class."
Rebecca O'Malley's face sagged.
"But," Mrs. Richards continued, "I might have something for tonight."
"Oh?"
"Yes. I have come across the diary of a servant that worked in the Manor under its previous owner." Mrs. Richards eyes were shiny with delight at the concept. She was always intrigued with gossip, and had read several biographies during her stay at the Manor already. Sofia didn't care for that sort of thing generally, but she had to admit that the history of the house held more interest for her than the usual things Mrs. Richards might go on about.
"Oh, that might be very interesting. It's odd to think that someone else has lived here before us," commented Mrs. O'Malley.
"Of course, there was someone living here before this," Edwin O'Malley put in. His tone didn't changed, but he stopped near his wife on his current lap between her and the chessboard. He must be intrigued as well, Sofia thought. He placed his tea on the table beside Rebecca O'Malley. "Was it anyone of note?"
Maye Richards shrugged. "There's a name I don't recognize. I think he was the butler."
"I think it might be fun to read it out-loud tonight after dinner."
"Yes, that might be very nice." Sofia didn't think Mrs. O'Malley was as thrilled as she tried to sound.
"No offense to you, Maye, but I think it might be terribly boring." The comment came from the other side of the gathering, from Lucinda Harris.
"Some of it is very boring, but I should be able to finish reading it for myself by dinner, and I'll only read the good parts, and I assure you, there are some interesting things here."
"I think that will be a good idea, Maye. You'd better get back to it." This came from Evelyn Jones. She was rather annoyed about Miss Harris switching conversations. Sofia wouldn't have thought Lucinda would be that rude. What an odd woman.
"Well, if you insist, Maye." Miss Harris shifted in her seat more toward Miss Jones with her back distinctly toward Maye Richards. Evelyn Jones was pleased at this and Maye didn't notice.
Sofia left the room shaking her head. "These women are so… silly." She muttered on the way to the kitchen.
She would have to serve the scones and biscuits herself today. Josie was still busy washing soiled frocks from yesterday. That simple task alone was taking her all day. She's distracted with David. Sofia wasn't sure what to do about them just yet. She considered David as a possible match for Josie, but no more or less so than any other suitable man. Now that Josie had taken interest in one of the men Sofia approved of, it was hard to remain approving.
She shrugged it off and was only a little surprised when she found Josie in the kitchen arranging scones decoratively on silver plates. "Is the laundry all done?"
"Yes, mother." The words came out as a sob. Sofia noticed that Josie's eyes and nose were red like she had been crying for a prolonged period.
"Josephine? What's wrong?"
"Nothing, mother." The words did come out as a sob this time. Josie didn't resist her mother's hug, but she didn't stop what she was doing either. She was entirely too intent on making the plates just perfect.
"Dearest, tell your mother why you're crying."
Josie finished with the scones and turned to make a wet spot on her mother's clean apron. "It's David," she mumbled.
"What about David?" Sofia's voice was sharp. She resisted the urge to shake her daughter into a confession. A confession of what she didn't want to think about.
"David…" Josie was crying so hard now she couldn't breathe between hiccups. Sofia smoothed her hair and whispered calming noises. Josie finally pulled herself together; enough to speak in short bursts.
"David gave me a book."
"Yes?" Sofia knew she would have to be patient.
"To put in his room." Josie's mother gasped at the thought of her daughter in David's room… "But I never reached there."
"Alright." Never mind the slight panic. Sofia was now confused and the guests were still waiting for their scones.
"Mrs. Richards…"
"Josie." Sofia lost her patience. "Take a deep breath and spit it all out."
"Mrs. Richards saw me carrying the book and she asked if she could read it because she had nothing to do and before I could tell her whose it was and why I had it and why she couldn't have it, she had it. Then she left."
Sofia herself took a breath after that. She had feared that David had done something improper. "Josie, dear, that's not that bad. I'm sure David can find other things to read—"
"No!" Josie was crying harder than before. Sofia hadn't thought such a thing was possible. "It was the book he found in that tinder box. The one he went outside for this morning."
Sofia still didn't think it was all that important but she put her arms around her daughter to try to comfort her anyway. She was half-thankful, half mortified when Rebecca O'Malley stuck her head in the kitchen in search of the scones and biscuits.
"Is anything wrong?" she asked in a whisper. Her face showed genuine concern.
Sofia shrugged a little and shook her head. "Affairs of the heart, I guess." Josie would not let go of her.
With a sad smile, Mrs. O'Malley took the two plates of scones and left.

* * * * *

It had been a rather long day despite David's earlier intentions. Once in the attic, he decided he might as well put some temporary patches in the eaves. Again, it wasn't the best day to go such work; a rainy, windy, oddly cold day.
It hadn't been cold when he made trips out to the stables to find some suitable wood for patches. However, it was bone chillingly cold in the attic. The overabundance of furniture didn't help either. He would have moved some of it out of his way but there was absolutely nowhere to go with it. The only clear space on the floor was where the trap door to the attic opened. David was afraid that if he closed the door and move furniture on top of it to make room at the edge of the attic, he'd never find the door again. David felt sorry for whoever lugged all that furniture upstairs in the first place and even sorrier for himself knowing he would probably lug it all down again. Worse for him, most of it was rotten from the moisture in the attic. It smelled horrible. With a shake of his head, he put those thoughts out of his mind. There was no need to dwell on it. The time to remove the excess furniture would come soon enough.
Right now, all I want is my nice warm room, a cup of brandy from my personal stock, and a good book to read until dinner. There were a few hours until dinner. He worked in the attic until there was no longer light to see well. That should be enough time to read the diary. The small green volume would be waiting for him.
He had forgotten his threats to leave the Manor until he saw his room. David opened the door and lit a lamp to find all his possessions scattered on the floor and the top of his desk.
"I can't believe this," he said with a slight laugh. "I can't believe O'Malley not only thinks I'm stealing from him, but had the nerve to go through my things!" That was the only possibility. Certainly, no one stole anything from him. What did he have that the guests would want? Sofia and Josie wouldn't do this. "I suppose it could have been that worthless Vernon." He doubted it.
As David picked things up off the floor, he realized nothing was missing. No, the diary and tinderbox weren't there, but in all likelihood, that was Josie's fault. "Silly girl," he muttered and straightened the stack of penny dreadfuls. Someone had definitely rifled through his things.
"That's it," David said, disgust welled in his throat. "I can take a lot but I won't be treated like a thief. I'll leave and they can know for certain that their silver is safe."
He blew out the lamp and headed down stairs. He would take care of it tonight. A pang of guilt hit David at the thought of leaving Sofia and Josie. He had come close to promising her things. He was glad he hadn't now.


Chapter Sixteen


Lucinda was still crouched when she finally dared to open her eyes. She stood with quick embarrassment when she heard voices and found that she was now in the parlor. Of course, embarrassment was no longer warranted. When she closed her eyes in the attic, it had been midday. Now it was night and still raining. She could hear the rain spattering on the pane and every now and then a low rumble of thunder. All the Manor's occupants were gathered in the parlor as they always did after dinner. Hours had passed since the attic. Then again, maybe time doesn't mean all that much to me anymore. Lucinda shrugged. It was all new to her.
She heard a small chuckle, little more that a snort. She knew it well. The doppelganger was smirking at her just off to her left. The figure was a startling contrast in an open collared peach dress lounging on the navy fainting couch. Lucinda decided to ignore it for now. She was weary of excitement and after-dinner chats always soothed her even when she was a child. She always learned something from just listening. That is why she decided now to keep quiet instead of confronting the shadow that was making her own body mock her.
She moved out of the line of the doppelganger's sight and took a vantage point from the back of the group.
Maye moved a chair in front of the fireplace. "My goodness, it is rather cold in here tonight, isn't it?" Several other ladies agreed and Benton let out a string of coughs.
"Josie?" Rebecca called and sent the girl off for some knit blankets and shawls. When Josie returned and everyone was sufficiently settled in, Maye addressed the group with a small book in hand.
"I finished it just before dinner and I must say this little volume is quite interesting," Maye began. "Apparently it was one of a number of volumes kept by the previous butler to the house."
"You mean this place had a butler at one time?" Lewis Donavan's voice boomed, startling after Maye's soft one. "O'Malley? Why don't you have a butler?"
Lucinda heard Evelyn Jones gasp at the slight faux pas of such a comment. Lucinda conversed with her on many occasions' about the meager amount of staff O'Malley employed when entertaining guests. Among themselves, they asked the same question, but such a thing was not meant to be said out-loud to your host.
O'Malley simply laughed. "All in good time, Lewis. Just give me a few days more to pull this place together properly."
It was Maye's turn to let out a small chuckle. She covered it by placing her hand to her mouth as if she had coughed. A stubborn simper stubbornly stayed on her lips.
"At one time, the Manor had a full staff." Maye took on her lecturing tone. She was good at lecturing. Lucinda often thought she would have made a good teacher. I wish I would have told her that a long time ago instead of chiding her for lecturing me. Maybe I should have listened to her!
"A good amount of what is in this diary is about day to day things, but there are, I must admit, some rather gossipy parts…"
"A woman reading gossip, that's news fit for the Post." O'Malley placed a woolen coach blanket across his legs and tried to get as comfortable as he could in the chair he'd brought from the library. He closed his eyes with indifference.
Lucinda grimaced and wished that she had some substance to her. I could be the avenging ghost of good manners! She stifled laughing. She did not want to attract the attention of the doppelganger.
It was leaning forward listening attentively. Lucinda could see muscles in its back twitching like a cat ready to pounce.
"There are also some quite bizarre passages. I dare say some of the goings on here may be publishable as a Romantic novel in the style of Poe."
"Drunkard…" O'Malley muttered through half closed lip and lids. The comment elicited a loud laugh from Lewis and glances from Maye and Benton.
"In any case, I will begin," Maye said with ice in her voice. "I'm going to skip the first paragraph in the interest of avoiding boredom." She deliberately paused to check Edwin O'Malley's reaction and received none. His eyes were closed.
"'As I write this, my duties done for the day as I turn to the short period of time I call my own before I decide sleep is in order,'" Maye began. Her voice changed. She was no longer lecturing; she was performing. The words came out with precision, at a rhythm that was entirely their own. "'It was a most overcast day and mirrored the mood of the august manor. I am as intimate with its moods as anyone, but it is hard for me to say exactly why a weight hangs over this fair house. As I have remarked in the past the place is far less cheerful since the death of the mistress of the house, but I should think—'"
The loud, hard knock at the parlor door startled everyone. Benton started to cough terribly.
Maye began to unravel herself from her seat, but Rebecca O'Malley stopped her.
"Josie can get it."
Josie emerged from the shadows to get the door. Her manner was forlorn and had certainly changed since Maye began reading. Maybe it's just the story, Lucinda thought. The weight of the house pressed on her and wouldn't be surprised if Josie felt some of the same. Indeed, the occupants of the parlor were breathing a little easier now that Maye's spell was broken. Even Edwin O'Malley's eyes were open now.
David, the boy servant, was at the door and his presence gave Josie a terrible start.
"Mr. O'Malley, I need to talk to you," his voice rang out in the parlor, echoing in the high ceiling.
"I'm busy at the moment, David." O'Malley had that condescending tone that Lucinda hated and would have considered reason enough not to marry the man. "I'm sure whatever comments you have about the roof can wait until tomorrow." He made a little gesture with his hand that implied David need not take further steps into the parlor and might as well simply go away. David did not stop. He continued on until he was firmly planted in front of O'Malley.
"Respectfully," the word dripped with sarcasm, "I would like to speak to you alone." He glanced around the room at the ladies in particular.
"Not now," O'Malley said. "Maye, I think you had better begin your—"
"Now, Mr. O'Malley." David's voice was low, not more than a whisper, but it was filled with both force and restraint.
O'Malley sized up David. He nodded. "Fine." He rose and started for the door. "Come. We will talk alone." While Edwin O'Malley didn't seemed thrilled about the evening's entertainment, it was unspoken that whatever David wanted it had better be good. At the door, he turned. "You can go ahead, Maye."
Maye gave a nod and took a breath to read but Rebecca cut in. "Nonsense, Edwin. We will wait for you." She gave him a smile that was too sweet and that was not returned as O'Malley left the room. Lucinda assumed the exchange was the continuation of an earlier argument. She witnessed many of them during her stay at the Manor. She shook her head. If I had my body back I wouldn't even say, "I told you so, Rebecca."
Lucinda hadn't been happy about her cousin's choice of a husband. It was one of the wedges driven between Lucinda, Rebecca and Maye. Indeed, they had rarely spoke since Edwin and Rebecca's engagement and Lucinda had been surprised to receive an invitation to holiday at the O'Malley's manor. Lucinda accepted the invitation. Grandmother taught her it was rude to shirk social duties, to avoid personal discomfort. I shouldn't have come. I would be quite happy and alive if I hadn't come.
The room was silent except for muffled voices in the hallway. O'Malley might have decided to talk to David alone, but he hadn't taken the conversation very far away. The voices rose and fell heatedly, but the parlor was silent. Lewis kept lighting a cigar and then remembering Benton's presence put it out. The puffs of smoke were aromatic and Lucinda could still smell traces of them after the fire in the fireplace devoured the actual smoke. Theresa Donavan unpacked the needlework she had been laboring over since her arrival. She squinted at it and ultimately pricked her finger with a muttered foreign curse that Lucinda didn't understand. Maye sat with the book still open on her lap, her face rather flushed. She was trying to eavesdrop, Lucinda thought with a small smile. She knew her friend well.
In response, the voices in the hall quieted. Sounds within the overly large room became more evident. The fire crackling blended in with Benton's wheezing. Lucinda could hear Theresa's needle poke through the embroidery hoop and the hiss of thread being pulled through the cloth. It was odd that these slight sounds were much more evident to her than the rain splattering on the windows or the occasional rumble of thunder. Lewis once again started to light a cigar and the sound of the match lighting was obscene in its loudness.
"I have a story," the doppelganger sitting on the navy velvet couch suddenly announced. Hearing her own voice caused a jab of fear in Lucinda. She was standing behind the imposter, and could see a slight shadow around her old body whenever ashes fell into the fire or lightning briefly flashed. Lucinda could make out fine lines on her former face especially around the eyes and mouth. She never noticed them before.
"Oh, do go on dear," Evelyn said from her seat. She sounded relieved at someone breaking the silence and the boredom.
"Yes," agreed Rebecca. "Don't wait for Edwin on this one. He is only humoring us by joining our little reading group because the diary is about the Manor."
"Yes, I'm sure," the creature said. "There once was a girl who drowned her own brother."
Lucinda was not the only one taken aback by the subject matter. Maye and Rebecca traded glances. They knew Lucinda's brother, Robert, accidentally drowned. They knew quite as well that Lucinda never talked of it except to explain, factually, that her brother was no longer living. Their confusion mirrored any that might have been on Lucinda's face had she been able to see herself in a looking glass.
"Lucinda!" Evelyn gasped. "Are you sure this story is suitable for young lady's ears?"
"I do think it's time we had better go to bed," stammered Jane. "Don't you think, Em?"
"You mean time we had better retire," whispered Emily as she clutched her sister's arm and both stood. Lucinda wasn't sure she had ever heard the girls speak in the past couple of weeks. She was not surprised to find both had light melodic voices to match their general paleness.
"Don't be silly, girls. It's early and this story is a parable," the creature said purposefully to Evelyn. "The girl did not do it on purpose. She was a selfish girl. This is a parable of selflessness. Is that not appropriate for a young lady's ears?"
"Yes," said Evelyn hesitantly. "I suppose it is alright." Her eagerness at the diversion was completely lost.
Lucinda's heart pounded against her ribs. Does it know?
The doppelganger paused and regarded everyone in the room before beginning. It turned too far to the left to be sure it had Lucinda's attention. "Once there was a very spoiled girl. She wasn't yet old enough to court, but she had jewelry, fine clothes, and the best hair combs. Her family was not wealthy, but she expected everyone in the household to wait on her. She rarely treated anyone with kindness. Even her family was subject to rudeness from her upon occasion.
"This girl had a brother. He was a fine young man, full of virtues that would lead him far in life. He was generous and helpful and he loved his sister very much. He would do anything for her. Anything she asked. If the girl asked for the moon, her brother would most certainly do everything he possibly could to bring her the moon. The girl knew this and she would never hesitate to take advantage of this fact."
The figure's voice was strong but lacked the subtlety and grace of Maye's. I never knew I could sound so much like the pastor in Grandmother's church! Lucinda thought idly.
Lucinda tried not to concentrate on the words her doppelganger was saying. More accurately, she couldn't concentrate on them. She tried, a morbid curiosity knew that the figure was talking about her and she wanted to know how much it knew, but she couldn't keep her mind from noticing other details. The voices quieted in the hallway; maybe the two men had retired to the kitchen. The rain abated, but the wind was still strong. The fire needed tending to. Where was that girl…?
"Once upon a time this spoiled girl was sent to live on a farm owned by her aunt and uncle. Her parents might have spoiled her but they hoped living without would teach their daughter some humility," the creature continued. "For good measure they sent her brother along, hoping that she might love him as much as he loved her and learn some of the lessons he could teach by mere example."
Lucinda suppressed a choking cough. The drowning could be coincidence, unlikely, but possible. But this? How does it know this?
"On the farm, the girl complained bitterly. She hated the way the water tasted and how her aunt cooked. She hated having to do meager little chores like feeding the chickens. She especially hated the dark, still nights. The nights were so silent the only thing she could hear was the beating of her own heart. It was in the stillness that she knew how evil she was, and she was afraid. She feared that other evil things lurked in the darkness and they would come to take her. Every night she vowed she would be better, but as the sun rose, her old nature would overcome her. She would again balk at the thought of eating her aunt's primitive biscuits or the thought of gathering eggs."
"That's not true," Lucinda whispered. She said it again letting her voice carry this time. She wanted it to hear her. "You have it wrong. I was not selfish. I loved being on the farm and I never 'balked' at helping." The frowns on her friend's faces caused her more alarm. She wanted to tell them. "I wasn't like that," she said uselessly to them.
The doppelganger did not pay attention to Lucinda's protests. "The aunt and uncle were good folk but they could not teach her to see beyond her own selfishness. They gave her more work to do in hopes of making her forget herself, but she only rebelled. She would run away to sit in the high grass of a pasture or cool her feet in the cow pond. What was worse? She corrupted her good brother. She convinced him to go with her.
"'You must protect me,' she would say to him. 'Something might happen to me if I were to go alone.' When she would say things like that, her thoughts would stray to long nights when she could hear evil things stalking her, their footsteps falling in time with her own heart beat.
"The good brother would try to talk her out of leaving; nothing would happen if she only would obey their uncle. But the girl would go anyway and her brother would be forced to follow along.
"One day as she sat by the cow pond she dropped her gold ring in the water. Now as I said this girl was too young to be wearing a ring even a simple ring. She begged her grandmother to give her that ring. Her grandmother hadn't thought it wise to give a gold ring to one so young, but she relented because she loved her granddaughter and could not ignore her pleas.
"'Please, grandmother,' the girl said, 'if you give me that ring I will take care of it. I will never take it off and never lose it.' So you can imagine that the girl was very unhappy when she dropped the ring into the cow pond.
"'What am I going to do?' she thought to herself. 'I will look very foolish if I'm not wearing my ring. I must get it back.'
"'Oh, brother dear,' she called. 'Help! I need your help!'
"Her brother came running. He was a little ways away. He knew his presence annoyed his sister so he was close, but out of sight. He was very surprised to find his sister sitting at the edge of the pond. He had expected that she had fallen in. He was also surprised that a wild animal was not attacking her, or that she wasn't being bothered by a bee or some such minor terror.
"'What is wrong, sister?'
"'I have dropped my ring in the pond. Please, you must dive in and get it for me.'"
"NO!" Lucinda's shriek drowned out the doppelganger's voice. She passed through the arm of the couch and threw herself at the feet of the creature, careful not to touch it. "Please," she pleaded, "don't tell this part. Please, please…" She sobbed loudly. Tears flooded her eyes. She couldn't see the curled lip as the doppelganger went on in the same tone of voice. Lucinda wailed loudly and couldn't understand why no one could hear her. "It's because I'm dead!" She looked helplessly to her friends but they were enthralled with the imposter's tale.
"The good brother dove into the pond. The water was deep but clear. He could see the ring easily, but the pond was not as still as it seemed. As the good brother broke the surface, an undertow began to pull him down.
"'Help me, sister!' He gasped for breath, for life. He held out his hand, the hand that held the ring.
"'Yes brother, I will help you.' Those are the words that came from her lips, but instead of grabbing her brother's hand and helping him to the bank, she grabbed her ring instead."
"No, no, no." Lucinda clasped her hands to her ears, but her own voice rang out inside her head.
"Only after she had safely put the ring on her finger did she turn to her brother. Alas, it was too late. Her brother sank through the clear waters to finally rest dead and cold at the bottom."
Lucinda could clearly see Robert's body, pale and white on the bottom of the glittering pond. Only the reflection of the sun was brighter than the dead body. Only the sun and the glittering ring around her finger. "I'm sorry, Robert. I didn't know. I didn't understand."
"You must understand," the doppelganger's voice rang out, "you must understand, young ladies, just where selfishness can lead. You both know that greed is one of the deadly sins, correct?"
"Yes, ma'am," Lucinda heard Emily and Jane intone in small, unsure voices. She could see nothing but the pond. As she watched, the body started to rise, to float. The white body twisted in the water, its clothes dark and heavy with water. Robert held out one hand to her, his eyes met hers.
"Don't worry, Lucinda. I forgive you." The voice was Robert's, but the eyes were flat blue with a film over them. He broke the surface of the pond and caught the front of her dress. Lucinda tried to pull away, out of his grasp, but he still held her. Still pulled her to the bright reflection of the sun in the pond. She clawed backwards, suffocating.
"NO!"
She returned to the parlor. The doppelganger was looming above, standing with Lucinda kneeling in front of the creature. Its smile was knowing. It knew what Lucinda had just gone through. It knew, Lucinda was sure. There was a cold smile on its lips. Those used to be my lips, my face. The smile dissolved into worry.
"Yes, I am sorry," it was speaking to Maye. "I don't know what got into me."
"Well, I don't know about those poor girls, Lucinda, but I'm going to have unfavorable dreams," Maye's voice was tight. Maye was on her feet as was everyone else. Jane and Emily were gone, having been led off to their rooms presumable by Theresa who was now also absent. There was more Maye wanted to say, but it wouldn't be said in front of outsiders, if at all.
"Yes, I do believe it is time to retire," O'Malley said from the door to the hall. "It's been a long night even if it is still early. Josie would you put the fire out and take these blankets away?"
Josie was pale and wide-eyed. If anyone, she looks like a ghost more than I do!
"Yes, sir," she said and scurried to tend the fire and collect the blankets before the guests dispersed.
Lucinda couldn't blame her for not wanting to be in the room alone. Lucinda wasn't scared at all. She watched the doppelganger leave without a backward glance. She had never believed that a person consumed with rage would see red. She figured it was just a quaint expression or at most a visual metaphor. She could see red now. She shook with hatred for the … the thing that had taken her body, that had conjured visions of her brother, that had left her as a ghost to be haunted by those visions. She nodded slowly and sunk to the darkness of the cellar.


Chapter Seventeen


Lucinda did not know how long she waited in the cellar. Time did not matter. I am dead. For all I know, I have an eternity. It has taken my life and condemned me to... She stopped her thoughts there, not letting visions of Uncle Conway's pond, of Robert's bloated body form come forth. Her thoughts were dissonant music to her. Better to let those thoughts cover others. This is what I have been condemned to. She wondered if she was hysterical like one of Dr. Freud's patients. They were women she had read about and pitied, and now she might as well be one of them.
I want it dead. She did not know what she was going to do and somehow that mattered less to her now than wasting time or the possibility of insanity. She let her mind conjure only one vision: eyes. Flat dead blue eyes and small glistening eyes of pure white light. Yes, I want it dead.
Lucinda found herself in her third floor room. From the pale gray light that was just beginning to filter through the window, Lucinda figured it must be just before dawn. The dressing table still sat in the middle of the room as if shipwrecked there. The perfume bottles were still missing; the brush was back in its place. A candle and an open book dominated the tabletop. What has it been reading? She recognized the edge of the red leather cover before she leaned over the book and squinted. The writing in the book snapped into focus as her eyes gathered all the light they could.
Vague image of a pond, no, a bath, I think. Yes, I was in a bath but the water was very cold. Referencing Miller's, a cold bath is supposed to be a forerunner of joyful things, but in the dream, I was most definitely terrified. Very strange, something I will have to cross-reference when I get home--
Lucinda turned away in disgust. As she suspected, the writing was hers. It had been reading her diary, reading about the dreams she had since coming to the Manor.
The doppelganger was lying on the bed. Lucinda approached quietly, not sure whether it would be awake or asleep. Her body lay straight and stiff under only a sheet. The nakedness didn't surprise Lucinda as much as the body's appearance. Its eyes were sunken into purple bags and its skin was like fresh plaster, white and wet. It reminded her of her parents when she saw them in their coffins before their funeral. She hadn't wanted to see them like that, in boxes that were so small in comparison to the grandness of the church. Grandmother told her that respects to the dead were paid in that manner. Personal discomfort was a small price. Some years later Lucinda spent a sleepless night watching over Grandmother's body in the parlor of the wintry house in New York she now owned. That custom was not something Lucinda was used to, but she figured it was the price of respect Grandmother asked to be paid by her. Their faces were like the body that lay on the bed now before her. Lucinda was just happy she never saw their eyes.
Yes, I look dead, Lucinda thought to herself. She chuckled silently to herself as well. How appropriate. She leaned closer and peered at the face. There were wrinkles around the eyes and mouth. The body had aged years in the two days Lucinda had been gone. Is that gray in my hair? she mused. She tilted her head to the side, a different angle giving her a better view. The gray hairs were brittle and wiry. A small sob of frustration escaped Lucinda. What has it done to me? To all of me? Her jaw tightened. I want it dead. The frequency of the thought surprised her.
Lucinda didn't notice it at first, but the shadow was there, too. It oozed around the edges of the body like oil, not entirely contained within it. As Lucinda's body lay still and rigid, the shadow thrashed. Spidery tendrils of darkness jumped along the dimension of the bed and snapped into the body they were connected to. Lucinda jumped at the sudden violence of the movement, certain the thing was awake, but the body did not move nor open its eyes. The shadow twitched and jerked like a dog when it dreamed. Lucinda tasted bile in her throat. The thought made her want to vomit, but she wasn't sure if it was because of fear or anger. She wasn't sure that the two weren't entirely the same now.
"Get up," Lucinda whispered. There was no response from the shadow. If anything it settled down. "Get up," Lucinda said again. Her voice was louder, a growl.
The body's eyes snapped open. They startled Lucinda as much as the shadow's dream movements did. Every nightmare she never remembered about Robert's eyes, about her mother's eyes opening despite the long scar that crisscrossed her face after the accident, about her Grandmother's accusing eyes snapping open as Lucinda watched in the musty parlor, came rushing in upon her. For a long moment, the body on the bed did not move. Just the eyes stared at Lucinda, and she almost lost her nerve and fled. Finally, the shadow gathered inside of Lucinda's body. The wrinkles smoothed and the gray hairs lightened. The still form was suddenly animated with breath.
"What are you doing here?" it hissed.
With one movement, doppelganger rose from the bed, gathering a sheet around itself. Then, with a smirk aimed at Lucinda, the creature deliberately dropped the sheet. Lucinda kept her eyes focused on its face, staring into the icy blue eyes that were no longer her own.
"What are you doing?" Lucinda asked keeping her voice level. "You've been reading that." She nodded toward the dressing table. "Is that how you knew about… about Robert?"
"Oh, are you referring to the little parable I told your friends? I didn't realize that upset you so." It smiled wickedly at Lucinda, and Lucinda vainly wished there was something she could do to hurt the body that used to be hers, to truly cause it harm. "Yes, well those silly dreams of yours make sense when you know the whole story. Your meager education has clouded your mind, I think. The meaning of your dreams is easy to see. Why you believe in other people's interpretations and don't think for yourself, I don't know. Well, I've always held the view that women do not need to know anything outside of household and marital duties." The doppelganger walked over to the mirror above the dressing table and studied its naked reflection. "Women do have some attributes I rather enjoy."
"My dreams have nothing to do with my brother's—"
The doppelganger whipped around and threw the diary at Lucinda. It passed through her without a tingle and hit the wall behind her in a small heap of pages. The expression on its face was something Lucinda had never thought possible. It was a twisted, sneering rage. "I don't need your blathering when I have your dreams!" The oily shadow seemed almost ready to pop out of Lucinda's body, obscuring it with a lightless void.
What is it saying? My dreams? Pieces were beginning to form. If I have enough pieces, will I find a way to destroy it? "What do you mean…?"
"Come now, child, certainly you're bright enough to finish a thought?" It shrugged and blinked. "Or maybe you're not."
"What have you done?"
"What?" it asked innocently, but its eyes told Lucinda what she wanted to know. Yes, pieces. Whatever it is, it has done this to others.
"Oh, you are truly stupid." The doppelganger went to the wardrobe and began taking out dresses. The sun was rising breakfast would be served soon. "Rags," Lucinda heard it mutter. It settled on the light blue dress that Lucinda wore the night her life ended. "Of course, I suppose I was just as stupid once." It turned to Lucinda and nodded. "Back when I was in your place."
"I am nothing like you!" Lucinda roared.
The other Lucinda just laughed. Tears of frustration welled in Lucinda's eyes. "What are you talking about?" She had pieces, but they just didn't fit.
The shadow smiled at her from behind her own eyes. "Go away, little girl, go cry somewhere else. I have no time for you." It returned to getting dressed.
Lucinda considered raging at it, the need to hurt it was so exquisite it consumed her, but there was nothing she could do. She would have to wait for more pieces.

* * * * *

"I can't believe her." Maye Richards whacked her hard-boiled egg once more with her spoon. Sofia noted that this was not the way most ladies cracked their eggs. Most delicately tapped around the top of the egg and lifted the crown off. Maybe it's just Mrs. Richard's state of agitation that is causing such a lapse.
Rebecca O'Malley shifted uncomfortably and it had nothing to do with Mrs. Richards' lapse in manners or the possibility of the ceiling falling. "Lucinda was never herself again after being sent to her Grandmother's." Mrs. O'Malley chased a bite of steak into her syrup, another unladylike habit.
"That has been quite obvious." Benton Richards was only drinking coffee this morning. His color was a little better, pinker, but the circles under his eyes where dark purple.
"I've never understood," Maye Richards shook her head angrily. She raised her arm to whack the poor egg through the tabletop, but calmly put down the spoon instead. "I'm sorry, Sofia, I'm not sure I'm hungry." She pushed the egg a few inches from her and smiled apologetically over her shoulder to Sofia.
"That's alright, ma'am. Are you sure you wouldn't like some milk then?"
Mrs. Richards considered. "Yes, please. I suppose I should have something." Sofia took the mutilated egg into the kitchen.
"Tell me again what happened last night," she said to Josie who was kneading dough for pasta. The circles under Josie's eyes were as dark as Mr. Richard's. She was scared out of her wits when she sat down for dinner, but Sofia didn't hear the reason why until that the next morning.
"Miss Harris told about a murder. Called it a parable." Josie stopped kneading and shook herself. "The most awful thing, a sister letting her brother drown like that…" A small noise from Sofia brought her daughter to task. "Then Mr. O'Malley came into the room. David had called him out into the hall. Mr. O'Malley came back in like a storm cloud, but he found all of us, all of the ladies, in such a state that he suggested we turn in."
"They are certainly worked up his morning about Miss Harris' story. I thought those sort of stories were the fashion among the upper class." Sofia shrugged. She would never understand them.
"Maybe only married women can tell ghost stories in mixed company," Josie ventured. "They have strange rules about that sort of thing, you know. Another good reason to marry, I suppose." Josie wore a dreamy expression that Sofia assumed was tied to David. Josie had been mentioning marriage all morning. While Sofia has originally considered matching David to her daughter, she still was not too happy that it happened without effort or interference on her part.
"You'd better get to your kneading before the dough grows tough, Josie." She carried a glass of milk in hand as she left the kitchen.
"Here you are, ma'am." Sofia set the milk at Mrs. Richards left and took Benton Richards' coffee cup to the sideboard to refill it. An uncomfortable silence at the table, and Sofia wondered if she had intruded on something personal between the three at the table. "Mrs. O'Malley?"
"Yes, Sofia?"
"Will Mr. O'Malley be coming for breakfast this morning?"
Mrs. O'Malley's eyes widened at the question. "He hasn't been down yet?"
"No, ma'am."
"Yesterday he mentioned he might have a go at hunting with the dogs on his own this morning, but certainly he wouldn't have left without breakfast." Mrs. O'Malley turned to Maye Richards for verification of her theory and only received a shrug for an answer.
"Perhaps he'll have an early lunch," Mrs. O'Malley said to Sofia. "I don't know what else I can say."
"Well, I'll certainly make sure to have something ready for him when he comes then." Sofia took the chance to excuse herself. "Does anyone need anything else?"
The group at the table reassured Sofia and she retreated. She didn't blame them for looking relieved at her exit. Sofia stopped short just inside the kitchen door so abruptly that the door bumped her from behind. Josie and David stood in each other's arms on the far side of one of the table where Josephine had been kneading dough. They weren't kissing but Sofia could tell they had been. Josie was flushed and her arms were wrapped around David's neck.
Sofia took a deep breath and tried to act like nothing was the matter. Let their own embarrassment be their teacher! "I take it, Josephine, that David isn't upset about the loss of his tinderbox book?"
The couple jumped in surprise and quickly took position on opposite sides of the table. Sofia noted with satisfaction that both of their faces were bright red and kept their eyes anywhere but at each other or her.
"Um…" Josie couldn't find words to begin.
"My what? Oh that. What happened to it, Josie?" As David spoke, his eyes darted around the room searching for a proper exit. "Oh never mind. I'll talk to you about it … later. I have to see about the horses." The last comment was directed at Sofia as he skirted around her and through the door to the scullery.
Sofia could hear the door to the outside close quickly. She restrained the urge to chuckle. He would have sunk through the floor if it were possible! Just like when my mother would catch me and Angelo! Mirth passed quickly by the thoughts of just what she and Angelo used to do when no one caught them.
Josie worked on her kneading. She was trying to make herself small, her shoulders hunched to her ears. Sofia put her hands on Josie's shoulders from behind and gave them a reassuring squeeze when the muscles tensed under her touch.
"Josie," she said calmly, "I know you're a good girl, and you would never do anything to harm your good name."
"Yes, mother," her voice was tiny.
Sofia nodded to herself. "Just keep that in mind when you're around David."
"Yes, mother," she answered again.


Chapter Eighteen


"Maye, could I borrow that diary from you?" Lucinda Harris' voice caught Lucinda's attention. She came to rest near the window in the parlor when she realized it was time for tea. She had sunk into the room without a sound and suspected that the doppelganger didn't realize she was there. All the better… She willed herself to be a white as possible to match the gauzy curtains hanging in the windows.
"Oh Lucinda, I know you're bored," Maye chided, "but you must have patience."
"Can you not start reading it now?" the doppelganger asked. "I'm sure none of the gentlemen will be upset if you begin it early."
Only the women were gathered in the parlor this afternoon. Benton stayed upstairs in bed and Lewis had taken up residence in the library so he could smoke all he wanted. Lucinda didn't know where Edwin was, and it didn't matter to her either. What she wanted was right here.
Maye was displeased. It was a look Lucinda had come to know well in the last couple of years of their friendship. "Lucinda, you know Benton would be quite upset. He's very excited about the endeavor."
In the thin afternoon light, the creature nodded and hoped that the error would be logged in Maye's mind. Whatever had Lucinda's body didn't know everything. It didn't know that Benton was excited about whatever endeavor Maye was involved in, and especially when that endeavor involved the written word. It didn't know that Benton, Maye, and Lucinda met in a library, that Benton read anything that wasn't in a language he didn't know. Lucinda hoped Maye would mull over this discrepancy between the Lucinda she knew to be her friend and the imposter sitting before her. This hadn't been the only slip the imposter had made. Certainly, Maye's sharp mind would come to the proper conclusion and she would… She would what, Lucinda dear? She would assume her "friend" has simply grown further apart. Lucinda stifled a chuckle. It was all too futile.
"Besides, Lucinda, the daylight is too valuable for the girls' lessons," Evelyn added in. She was on one side of the parlor teaching Emily and Jane some stitches for their embroidery. They appeared bored. As bored as I used to get when Grandmother insisted I spend hours working with the embroidery hoop. For a split second, Lucinda's Grandmother came into view standing behind the girls, scowling at their progress. There will be harsh words if Grandmother catches you skulking by the window! Lucinda shook her head violently. The thoughts refused to be buried sometimes. She pushed them as far away as possible.
She considered leaving the parlor, going upstairs to watch Benton read or sleep. Or to the attic where the boy was still fixing holes in the eaves. The painting of the eyeless woman was in the attic. She didn't know why that painting bothered her so much. Just another part of the puzzle, she thought to herself, and all the missing pieces are right here in this room.
The doppelganger paced while Maye continued with whatever book she was reading now. The green diary, bound in dyed leather, lay on the table beside her chair and the pacing creature never took her eyes off it.
I wonder what pieces are contained in that book…. Lucinda willed herself to be whiter than the curtains, mixing with the very rays of light coming through the window.

* * * * *

The painting gave David the shivers despite the stale, humid air. David hadn't noticed it yesterday while doing some hasty repairs during the thunderstorm. The lighting hadn't been very good, and he missed quite a few holes, especially ones where the rain wasn't pouring in. He hadn't noticed the painting earlier this morning either. It just suddenly appeared in the corner of his vision, the white smudges where the eyes used to be giving him an unexpected start. He reddened not only at the thought of being so distressed, but at his continued reaction to the portrait.
The painting rested against the east outside wall of the attics near a hole that he intended to repair. That he still intended to repair. He purposely put off that particular hole because he didn't want to move the ghastly painting. All morning he could swear the eyeless woman watched him. Don't be stupid, David. It's just some ruined painting, and you're a rational man. He kept telling himself this but it still made the hair on the back of his neck stand on end despite his embarrassment about it all.
Someone had deliberately rubbed out the eyes but not thrown the painting away, and David theorized that this is what made him uneasy. It wasn't the eyeless stare that could either be smiling or grimacing at him. David was finally about to hoist the painting to do the repairs when he heard the attic door open.
Edwin O'Malley appeared among the sea of left over furniture that had been David's other plague since yesterday. He took two small steps, all that the clutter would allow, and stopped abruptly. His face twisted as he caught a whiff of the decay that presided in the attic.
"Oh, my," said O'Malley. "That is quite an odor." He pulled a handkerchief from the pocket of his riding jacket and put it to his nose.
David was used to the rotting smells from the furniture. Between stumbling over settees and avoiding the eyeless woman staring at him, he ceased to notice the stench.
O'Malley hastily shoved his handkerchief into his pocket when he noticed David was unaffected by what was bothering him. "I imagine this was all part of the house once."
"Yes sir, I suppose it was." He wasn't sure if O'Malley expected a reply or not but he gave one. David reckoned O'Malley had just returned from his hunting trip. He was damp, from the humidity David figured. His wool riding coat hung limp and heavy. His hair was damp around the edges, where he lacked a hat.
David had been surprised when he went out to the barn after his quick breakfast to find that one of the horses and a set of hunting tack missing. O'Malley had gone hunting and not bothered David about caring for the horse!
Edwin O'Malley wound his way over to where David stood by the painting, muttering low curses as he climbed over a chair or couch instead of finding a way around it. David was amused by the sight of a respectable gentleman in riding clothes attempting to gracefully make his way over to the high-backed divan. His smirk was in check by the time O'Malley stepped from the seat of a gray sofa next to David.
"David, my boy" he began and stopped abruptly when he noticed the painting behind David. "Good lord this place only gets worse!" he said before he could keep such a reaction to himself.
David nodded in agreement. "Pretty hideous. I assume it was a portrait of someone who used to live here." David cocked his head in thought. "I don't imagine she was very pretty even before someone had his way with her."
"I think it's a picture of my aunt Estelle," said O'Malley. He laughed loudly, as Lewis Donavan might have, at David's scarlet face. "Oh, don't worry. I only met her once when I was fairly young. She and Uncle Edgar came to visit us in New York once. I don't remember my thoughts of her including beauty, but she bought me a great amount of candy." O'Malley smiled, his eyes focused beyond the painting. "I don't think they ever had children, otherwise I doubt she would have tried to spoil me like that." He gave another little chuckle. His gaze returned to the painting and all mirth left. Awkwardness set in, and David shifted his weight in restlessness. "When you get done with patching the roof, take this out of here and burn it. I'll help you if you can't get it down yourself."
"Yes, sir."
O'Malley turned away from the painting and began again on what he intended to say. "David, my boy…" O'Malley had rehearsed this spiel, David could tell. "I just thought I'd let you know that I made a few discrete inquiries as to—" He couldn't bring himself to mention what happened directly. David could tell it was an effort for him to keep his face a pasty pale instead of turning bright red. "I couldn't discern who was at fault, but the girl seems to have a guilty conscience. She sputtered a great deal about a book when I spoke to her. I thought perhaps, since you are the wronged party, you would want to decide for yourself how she should be taken care of."
David blinked several times trying to discern exactly what O'Malley was attempting to say. He couldn't very well mean— "Mr. O'Malley, whom did you question?"
O'Malley was taken aback. "Well, of course the other servants aside from Vernon. I couldn't find Vernon," said O'Malley. "I suppose he could still be skulking around, but I think he's long gone."
"Sir, respectfully," David was going to have to pick his words carefully, "I know Sofia and Josie quite well. I am certain that neither had the time or intention—"
"Whom do you suspect then?" The question was hostile. David took a deep breath to keep the anger in check. You've been here before. Fighting against your God-given standing is useless.
"Sir," David couldn't keep the sarcasm from filling the word. He did keep the anger out. "I'll talk to Josie. She might be willing to confess to me."
O'Malley nodded, satisfied. David was sure he had considered the possibility of one of his guests being at fault, but decided against it. Probably didn't mention it to them. All I've accomplished is getting Josie and Sofia in trouble. David shook his head at O'Malley's retreating form before turning to the eyeless portrait. I hope he trips.


Chapter Nineteen


"It sounds strange, but it feels to me as though the preceding week or so has been leading to this evening," Sofia heard Theresa Donavan's heavy accent Sofia entered the parlor carrying an armload of light blankets and loose knit afghans. The foreboding in her voice made Sofia shiver. The comment didn't elicit the same response from the rest of the party gathered around the fireplace.
"No, I don't get that feeling at all," said Rebecca. Mr. O'Malley sniffed in a sort of agreement with his wife. Evelyn Jones laughed a little too loudly, while Jane and Emily said nothing, of course.
"It's just some old diary," Lucinda Harris said, "I'm sure it will be quite boring, and I'm not sure we should spend the time reading it anyway."
Everyone, including Sofia turned to the only person to openly disagree with Maye Richard's plan for entertainment. Miss Harris wore a tight smile that made her eyes small.
"Don't be silly, Theresa," said Mrs. Richards, dismissing Miss Harris's comment. "I will admit that the diary is …strange in some parts, but there is certainly nothing to worry about."
Only Lewis Donavan gave his wife a worried frown.
Perhaps, Sofia thought to herself, it is only the strangeness of Mrs. Donavan's voice that sent that sent a chill up my spine. Certainly, her friends know her better than I, but her husband knows her best. If he is worried, perhaps we all should be. Sofia kept her thoughts to herself as a good servant would.
Despite the roaring fire David lit while everyone was at dinner, the parlor was chilly as always. Sofia passed around blankets as everyone settled in to their respective chairs.
"Well, are we all here?" Maye Richards asked, surveying the room. Sofia took a spot near the door ready to get coffee or anything that might be needed. She decided she would wait on the guests tonight. Last night's story-time had left Josie as nervous as a cat in a dog run. Sofia wasn't about to have her daughter upset any further, but she also wanted Josie to see there was nothing to fear in stories.
There was a final ruffling of covers as everyone prepared for the night's entertainment, Mrs. Richards at their head. Theatrically, she cleared her throat and opened the green leather volume in her lap.
"Since we didn't get very far last night I think I will start over at the beginning," she said. Her introduction brought a small groan from Edwin O'Malley, which was ignored except for a quick glare from his wife. He certainly seems excited to be here, Sofia thought as she leaned lightly against the wall. After the ruckus at breakfast, this should certainly be interesting.
Mrs. Richards cleared her throat again and began. "'May Seventeenth,'" she read in a crisp clear voice before settling into a smooth, rolling tone.
"'As I start this, the seventh volume of my memoirs, I must as always re-examine my reasons for keeping such a chronicle. A quiet sensible voice tells me that no one would ever be at all interested in the day today life of a simple butler of a minor household. Despite this quiet voice of sense, I am compelled to write, always write. Perhaps, as I have mentioned in past volumes, some future historian will need to know the operations of a household in a somewhat isolated spot as this great old manor occupies. That future historian will search high and low for a proper and accurate source, information written by someone who knows, someone who has lived the experience. My little volumes will most certainly be found covered in dust on the lowest shelf in the lower most level of the library I will donate them to upon the occasion of my death. They will have been disregarded as of little worth until that faithful researcher finds them, and they will be invaluable to him. That is all a humble man can hope for.'"
"Please, tell me it does get better than this, Maye," Lucinda Harris interrupted. Vexation passed over Mrs. Richards' face. She continued without a flaw in her smooth delivery.
"'As I write this, my duties done for the day, I turn to the short period of time I call my own before I decide sleep is in order. It was a most overcast day and mirrored the mood of the august manor. I am as intimate with its moods as anyone, but it is hard for me to say why exactly a weight hangs over this fair house. As I have remarked in the past the place is far less cheerful since the death of the mistress of the house, but I should think after so long we have put in a fitting period of mourning. I will try perhaps to put more concrete reasons to our doleful mood.
"'It could be because of the poor quality of the produce from one of the farms. Not only does it reflect poorly on the Manor because its lands have been less than fertile, but it wears very thin on my nerves. Mrs. Paterson, our esteemed cook, must, in great detail, describe to me what is exactly wrong with the turnips she received this morning. She does not realize that while I am in charge of the kitchen's ability to function, I cannot do much to improve her tubers. I promised discuss with Mr. M at the next household meeting. This means she will have to be happy with what she has until next week sometime. Unfortunately, if she is not happy I only pray that I will have the endurance to be in her presence.'"
"Excuse me for interrupting, Maye, but the dates on these entries were quite recent weren't they?" Mrs. O'Malley leaned forward to pose her question.
"Yes, I take it you're asking about the 'Mr. M' form of address the writer is using?" Maye Richards' tone slipped from lecturer to someone who was sharing gossip over crumpets. Rebecca O'Malley nodded enthusiastically. "He uses that throughout most of the diary. He's just being proper I suppose." Returning to lecturing tone, she added, "During the seventeen hundreds especially, writers would leave out the names of characters who mirrored real people to save them from possible scandal." Emily and Jane nodded, storing the information away.
"I'm guessing the mysterious Mr. M must be your Uncle Marlowe, Edwin," Rebecca O'Malley said.
"Yes, I suppose you're right," Edwin O'Malley replied. He was less sleepy eyed and disinterested now that there was a definite connection to him. Maye Richards glanced around the room waiting for other comments before she began again.
"'Another reason for the sad state of the household could be because of Jay Astor and Mary Harold. I am afraid that I only have more evidence that may lead to the dismissal of them both. You may remember previously, dear reader (whoever you may eventually be) that I hired on Mr. Astor as an under butler over six months ago. He has proved to be an excellent pupil and will make a very fine butler one of these days. So what transgression has this young man committed that he may be let go from this fine household? It can be attributed to youth, I imagine. Young men are especially prone to acting in a rash manner. Especially when there is a young lady involved.
"'You may also remember my writing that Miss James hired a new maid sometime ago. That young lady is Miss Harold. I must say that Miss Harold has not worked out in a fifth of the manner that Mr. Astor has. She is a generally lazy child. I have never come upon her during a day's work that she was not lolling about with a duster in hand, spreading more dust than she was picking up. A disgrace to the Manor! Perhaps I am being too hard on her. Perhaps the reason her mind was not on her dusting was because it was occupied with Mr. Astor. I must say that since the first time Miss James hinted at the possibility that the two might have become "attached" to each other in an unprofessional manner, Mr. Astor's work has suffered as well.
"'The proof of their involvement has come in the form of continued absences occurring at the same time. I will not speculate as to where they are absent to, but they are never found anywhere in the house. I would not consider dismissing either if not for two reasons. Firstly, I distinctly informed Mr. Astor on the event of his hiring that such relationships between staff members are not allowed. (I needn't mention the possibility of such relationships between staff and employer. One needs only site the utter decline of the Bloomsberry House as proof against those types of dealings!)
"'The second reason is simply the fact that a good worker in the field of butlery must be willing to give his all to the job. It is then, when there are no other distractions in his life, that he is at his best, in my opinion.
"'The evening is getting late, the candle burning low. It is time for me to put this, my most beloved journal aside.
"'May Eighteenth.
"'While the weather today was brighter, I'm afraid I have the solemn duty to report that yet another part of the house was closed today.
"'Mr. M's health has taken yet another downward turn. I have noticed recently a connection between Mr. M's health and his decisions to close the Manor. Until late, I have been reluctant to write about it. I was afraid before that it might be improper for me to discuss such a personal aspect of my employer, but I am distraught this evening and need to give my theory the validity that only pen and ink can give. I am further encouraged by the fact that whoever reads this meager manuscript of mine will be far removed from the events here and the family ownership of the house.
"'My theory, or rather, observation, is the following: every time his health wanes, he tends to panic. I have, I shall dare to admit it, seen this panic with my very eyes. Mr. M wakes in the morning with a further ailment and immediately sends for a doctor. This is normal, what most men might do. As soon as the doctor leaves, Mr. M panics about finances.
"'Perhaps it is due to the rates these doctors charge nowadays. (I am sorry to say that the doctors are often numerous as well. I dare not say anymore about my employer's health than I already have!) It is true that the Manor's income in itself is not what it has once been, but I sincerely doubt that the most efficient way of cutting costs is to close sections of the house! It is treasonous for me to write such things but, as I said, I am most unhappy.
"'The third floor of the west wing is now officially closed, joining the garden room, which was closed about a month ago, and two bedrooms, which were closed a few weeks prior to the garden room. I was instructed to put drop cloths over the furniture that cannot be moved out of the rooms. I'm not quite sure how the Manor's original mahogany furniture was ever moved into these rooms because each piece is almost too big to be moved out! I have always, since the first time I stepped over the Manor's threshold, marveled at the immensity of the place. Occasionally, especially when cleaning in the parlor, I am overcome with feelings to rival those of Gulliver in Lilliput. Excuse me, reader, my mind is cloudy tonight and I digress. The other furniture, Mrs. M's dowry, will be sold. It is an unfortunate day indeed.
"'May Nineteenth.
"'It poured buckets this afternoon. The guests were manorbound all day. Very uneventful for them. I didn't get a thing done for all the people in my way. I have become very used to a schedule the guests have adopted no matter who has come and gone since the death of Mrs. M. The ladies usually go for a walk soon after breakfast, which is served to everyone at a rather late hour. The men either return to their rooms to write some correspondence or gather in the library. This leaves the entire west half of the floor frees for my work except, of course, for the garden room.
"'By the afternoon, the ladies and gentlemen gather in the parlor for tea, which leaves the east side free and so on. Today no matter what I did or where I went there was someone there. I was forced ultimately to clean around some of the guests, which is something I truly hate doing.
"'One last note before I turn in. Mrs. Cavanaugh was greatly upset at learning that the third floor west was closed. I remember that she was also quite distraught over the closing of the garden room, but I figured that must be because she liked to sit in there and embroider after tea. I suppose she is saddened by the closing of a grand house like the Manor as I am. She has been a friend of the M's family much longer than I have been in their employ so she no doubt has an even greater attachment to the house. Perhaps, she fears its demise as much as I.
"'May Twentieth.
"'This day was very much like the others down to what has become the usual overcast sky.
"'We (Mrs. Paterson and I) received the usual shipment of produce from the Bakers today. Mrs. Paterson made the remark that the vegetables they bring are considerably better than what Joseph Gibson—'"
"Oh my!" The exclamation slipped from Sofia's lips before she could stop it. It startled the guests who were firmly under Maye Richards' spell.
"Sofia, is anything the matter?" Mrs. Richards asked.
"Oh, no, I," Sofia stammered. She shrugged. "I know Mr. Gibson is all. It's surprising to hear him written about."
"Yes, isn't it exciting?"
"Hardly!" Mr. O'Malley cut in. "Mr. Gibson has been a thorn not only in my side, but in my poor uncle's side and probably the side of whoever owned the Manor before him."
Lewis Donavan gave a short laugh. "You've finally found this house's dark legacy, Edwin!"
"Indeed. In these kinds of novels doesn't the house always have one?"
"Gentlemen?" Maye Richards repeated the word several times and finally brought order to the group. She would make an excellent schoolmistress, Sofia thought.
Josie slipped quietly through the door beside Sofia. Sofia nodded to her and she took position next to Sofia without a word. Mrs. Richards already started reading again, and Sofia was satisfied that her daughter's entrance went unnoticed.
"'The vegetables they bring are considerably better than what Joseph Gibson brings to us. Since I was there to oversee receiving the goods, I also noticed some difference in not only the produce but the people themselves. The Bakers are an excellent example of a typical farm family. They are wholesome and orderly with a firm belief in God (Mrs. Paterson sees them in town at Church often. I, of course do not, taking the train into Chicago on Sundays). The whole family is involved in bringing their wares to the Manor. The husband and wife unload the wagon. The children (three of them, the eldest a boy, then a girl, and the youngest, another boy) begin helping their parents but are such fine, polite children that Mrs. Paterson lures them inside to have biscuits with honey after they ask their mother and receive her approval. They, all of them including to the little boy who is about five years old, are clean and neat.
"'Contrast this with Joseph Gibson who has the appearance of a dirty, uncouth troll! I would ask your pardon at such a harsh description but I would not be so harsh if I had not heard with my own ears some of the terrible words coming out of that mouth! Truly horrible. I only hope that by mentioning him so close to my sleep that I do not dream of him!'"
"So, what do you think, Sofia? Is that an accurate description of Mr. Gibson?" Mrs. Richards emphasized Joseph Gibson's title of mister.
Sofia's face reddened considerably. "Oh, yes, he hasn't changed at all. Right down to his questionable, harsh words."
Maye Richards smiled and continued.
"'May twenty-first.
"'What an incredibly hectic, frantic day! There are two events that stand out today.
"'Firstly, there is now undeniable proof that Mr. Astor and Miss Harold have been acting in an improper manor. I caught them, to my horror! I was on my way from the third floor to the main floor where the Cavanaugh's have been visiting. Mrs. Cavanaugh and her daughter Samantha, who are staying in the third floor's furthest east bedrooms, enjoy having tea in their rooms early and then having breakfast rather late. I decided, since the servants' stairs were so close to their rooms, to use those instead of the main staircase.
"'As I have said before, on many occasions, the servants' stairs are much too steep to be used for all purposes. Since Mr. M had them built to his specifications, I can't very well complain out loud, can I? Another digression, my apologies. I was on my way to the first floor carrying a tray in hand on the servant's stairs when I turned the corner to the second floor landing. And there, there they were as plain as day!'"
Josie made a little noise, a yelp like the little black dog Sofia's mother owned when it was found out in the middle of pillaging the trash heap. Sofia scowled and then made sure there had been no disturbance to Mrs. Richards and the other guests. She cut short a sympathetic look from Emily who had caught Josie's eye. Without taking her eyes from the guests, Sofia watched her daughter closely.
"'I will not be so bold as to describe exactly what I saw but I can assure that Miss Harold's honor is still intact. The two will face Miss James and myself tomorrow. Until then, they have been told to stay in their rooms and not be seen. I do believe that Miss James has asked another one of her girls, a responsible, trustworthy one I'm sure, to stay the night with Miss Harold. I'm sure that will deter the actions of Mr. Astor.
"'The second bit of news I will relate quickly because it is quite late, but also because it comes to me second hand. Joseph Gibson vowed today never to set foot on Mr. M's land again. No one pointed out to him that technically he lives on Mr. M's land. I was setting the table for breakfast when I heard something of a ruckus coming from the scullery. Quite a ruckus to be heard two rooms away! When I came in, I found Mrs. Paterson amidst a pile of greens strewn around the floor of the scullery and the sight of the back of Joseph Gibson's rickety, old wagon from the doorway.
"' "What happened?" I asked.
"' "Gibson's off his rocker," replied a shaken Mrs. Paterson. "He asked to be paid!"
"'That was quite odd I admitted to Mrs. Paterson. Payment for him and a few other honored families comes in the form of use of land. Mr. M knows for a fact that what the Manor requires to survive is only a slight fraction of all the produce that is grown on the small farms he owns. Four of the Manor's farms give some produce to the house as payment and sell the rest.'"
Edwin O'Malley shifted loudly in his seat. Sofia smiled at his reaction. After the scene with Joseph Gibson a few mornings past, I bet he's willing an answer to come from that book!
"'Joseph Gibson's is one of these farms and so is the Baker's. Those farmers can do as they please with the surplus. Surely, that is enough for them to live off of comfortably. Anyway, this is our impression, the entire house staff and mine. The event created such a stir that it was the talk all day long. While I am not one to gossip, there was hardly any avoiding it!
"'May twenty-second.
"'I left off last night rather abruptly because the candle was burning very low and dripping wax on my pages.
"'When I blew it out, a fatigue like I've never known overcame me. I fear I may be becoming ill; no doubt, yesterday's excitement was too much for my old heart. It was all I could do today to finish my regular duties. I'm afraid I inconvenienced Miss James by asking her to postpone our meeting with Mr. Astor and Miss Harold. This is to their disadvantage, as well. I dare say they deserve what they get! If the talk yesterday was of nothing but Joseph Gibson's tantrum, then the talk today was of the fate of "two star-crossed lovers," in the words of Mrs. Paterson. Who would have known her as a novel reader? Well, let me end tonight by saying that although the day was bright and shiny, I would have preferred to stay in my room. I spent as much of my day there as possible.'"
Mrs. Richards hesitated. "There is an entry missing here, and as he mentioned earlier, there was wax on the pages. Our writer was definitely quite a scribe in both sickness and health."
As if that was his cue, Benton Richards started in on a wheezing round of coughs. "Maybe we should stop for the night," said Maye Richards. She began to unbundle herself from her chair, but her husband stopped her with an upraised hand.
"No, no, Maye," Mr. Richards said when he caught his breath again, "I'm fine." He struggled against another barrage; the effort nearly lifted him out of his seat. "Maybe some tea would help."
"Yes," Maye Richards was about to rise again when Mrs. O'Malley called for Sofia.
Josie darted around Sofia and out the door before Sofia had an opportunity to move. Sofia considered following her daughter, then thought better of it. I have to trust… I'll give her enough time to make a pot of tea, maybe collect some crumpets and if she hasn't returned… Thoughts of Josie and David in the dark kitchen together for as long as that sent Sofia scurrying after her daughter.
Indeed David was in the kitchen and so was Josie. David sat at the table eating leftovers from dinner and Josie was at the stove putting on tea. See, totally innocent! Josie did give a little jump when she turned toward the door and noticed her mother. Sofia gave a sigh, no more than a slightly harder breath.
When they both returned with tea and a small platter of biscuits, Benton Richards' coughing was much worse, and his wife, Rebecca O'Malley, and Theresa Donavan were all gathered around him. Mrs. Richards' face bespoke alarm as Sofia approached.
"Thank you, Sofia," she said, "but I think I'll be taking a cup to our room instead. I think my husband has over-exerted himself."
"Yes, I think perhaps we should all be turning in," Mrs. O'Malley said.
"Nonsense," Mr. Richards wheezed. His wife helped him toward the door, Mrs. O'Malley following. No one else stirred from their spots. "You all needn't stop on my account."
"Don't be silly, dear," Maye Richards said shuffling him out.


Chapter Twenty


Theresa Donavan stood upon a low sturdy box with Sofia kneeling in front of her. Pale pink material fell in ripples to the floor between them. Mrs. Donavan was chatting with enthusiasm about her last visits to Rome and Prague. Sofia held pins in her mouth and made no answer. Lewis Donavan sat on the edge of the bed and watched with disinterest.
"Is it necessary for me to be here?" he asked for what Sofia thought was the ninth or tenth time. She wished Mrs. Donavan would send her husband away. She had enjoyed this morning's work of altering Mrs. Donavan's dress even if her knees did hurt a little, but it had been marred by Mr. Donavan's complaints.
"Lewis, for the last time," Theresa Donavan sighed, her accent heavier when talking to her husband, "I am almost done, and then Sofia will take in that suit coat of yours."
"I'm sure Sofia has spent enough time here, Theresa."
"Oh no, sir, it would be my pleasure," Sofia said as she placed one of the last pins. "I would rather be a seamstress for the morning than a potato washer." She grinned at Mrs. Donavan.
She liked the woman immensely, and it had nothing to do with her extensive knowledge of Italy. Mrs. Donavan traded a sympathetic smile. Unlike Sofia, she had married into money after being disowned by her parents. She had insisted on attending the university and paid for it with her own sweat. Sofia shook her head. It was hard to think that at one time the complaining Lewis Donavan was the sort of man who would fall in love with a lady like Theresa and then actually marry her.
Mr. Donavan snorted. "Yes, I suppose taking in the jacket is far simpler than cooking more potatoes for me to eat. Takes care of a too large suit coat in another way, eh?" He laughed uproariously at his comment until he noticed Theresa's scowl.
"Don't be rude, Lewis!" said Mrs. Donavan. She had the air of a mother scolding an errant child.
"Oh, Sofia, I didn't mean to say that you're not feeding me enough or your cooking isn't good. On the contrary, it's very good. It's just that I've been losing weight while I've been here. Can't understand it, but I don't want you to think that it's because of you…" Mr. Donavan trailed off as his wife threw up her hands in a gesture of hopelessness.
"Please forgive my dear husband, Sofia."
"There's nothing to forgive, Mrs. Donavan," Sofia wasn't used to people deferring to her. It wasn't how most treated their servants. Sofia finished pinning the hem on the dress and put away the remaining pins. "There, finished."
"I don't need that jacket taken in today," Mr. Donavan protested. "We aren't leaving for a week, Theresa. Probably more. I don't need it until we get back to New York." Mr. Donavan folded his arms across his ample girth.
"Sofia is here now, Lewis."
Mrs. Donavan stepped down from the box and moved to her dressing table mirror. Sofia made it to her feet with only a minor amount of cracking from her joints. She positioned the full-length mirror behind Mrs. Donavan and the lady nodded with satisfaction at what she saw. "I'm not sure how much longer I want to stay in this house."
"Are you still going on about that?"
Sofia was surprised at how cross Mr. Donavan sounded instead of just bored. Sofia shook her head at the change in positions between husband and wife. They do seem to have a rather blustery relationship, don't they!
Mrs. Donavan's face went tight in the mirror, her lips thin enough to have been drawn on with a single quill stroke. The set of that mouth was determined but her eyes searched the mirror for an answer that was not there.
"This house," she whispered, "there is something wrong here."
"Yes, from what Edwin tells me, the roof has so many holes in it, you could watch the stars." Lewis Donavan made a dismissive gesture toward his wife.
"No, it's not that," she insisted, "it's nothing like that."
"Are you going to continue this nonsense, Theresa?"
"Haven't you noticed anything, Sofia?" Sofia was struck dumb by the question. Mrs. Donavan was distressed and fumbled for words. "We of the old country, I think we have a sense of these things. We know when things aren't right."
Sofia didn't want to be a part of this conversation. It was the sort of argument that only married people should continue. "I haven't noticed anything," Sofia said and was immediately regretful of the lie.
She was uneasy sometimes; saw shadows where there should be none. The Manor struck her as incredible cold from time to time, no matter how many fires were lit or blankets she piled on. Mrs. Donavan's face fell.
"I'll get Lewis' coat," she skirted around Sofia to the wardrobe without meeting Sofia's eyes. The atmosphere in the room became leaden.
Sofia took a deep breath. "Mrs. Donavan—"
"Theresa?" Maye Richards poked her head into the room.
"Yes, Maye? Is there anything wrong?"
Nothing seemed particularly wrong to Sofia, but Sofia had seen Mrs. Richards awake on nights when Mr. Richards coughed so hard he barely caught his breath. Right now, Maye Richards appeared agitated and the visit to the Donavan's room was an oddity. As far as Sofia could see, the couples were not close friends. The Donavans were aligned firmly with Edwin O'Malley while the Richards were old friends of Rebecca O'Malley's.
"I was just wondering, Theresa, if you had seen the book I've been reading?" Mrs. Richards slipped into the room and closed the door behind her.
"You mean the diary you've been reading to us?" Lewis Donavan asked, suddenly piqued. Sofia wondered if his interest was only in seeking reprieve from his wife and her seamstress rather than in solving Mrs. Richards' problem.
"Yes. Strangely, it went missing this morning. I think I left it in the parlor last night. Did any of you take it?"
Mrs. Richards addressed the question to everyone in the room, Sofia included. Sofia tried hard not to frown at the subject of the book. That diary has caused more problems than it's been worth! First David's curiosity with it, then Josie losing it, and yesterday after Mr. O'Malley's little talk Josie was crying about it again.
"Lewis and I left right behind you and Benton," Mrs. Donavan said. Mr. Donavan and Mrs. Richards both turned toward Sofia. Mrs. Donavan busied herself with picking a dress to change in to.
"I didn't notice it last night when I was putting away the blankets, Mrs. Richards. I was the last one out. Are you sure you left it?"
"Yes, I've searched my room and haven't seen it. I thought maybe I might have packed it in with Benton's books earlier this morning but it wasn't there either."
"Are you and Benton leaving?" asked Mr. Donavan.
"Not today, but I'm afraid by the end of the week we probably will."
"Oh Maye, you poor dear," said Mrs. Donavan. She put a hand on Mrs. Richards' arm.
"If anything, Benton wants me to finish reading the diary. He enjoys macabre stories very much."
Theresa Donavan pulled her arm away as though burned. She abandoned the possibility of finding an ally.
"The diary hasn't seemed so strange to me," said Mrs. Donavan.
Maye Richards smiled. "It's not until the end that it becomes so. Well, I suppose if none of you know where it is…" Mrs. Richards gave Sofia a sideways glance as she smoothly slipped out of the Donavan's room.
Sofia was dumbfounded. She thinks I took her book! How could she? "I would never…" Sofia realized abruptly that she had spoke out loud in front of the Donavans. Mrs. Donavan was holding a dress to put on and Lewis Donavan was wearing a coat that was too large for him.
"Mr. and Mrs. Donavan, would you please excuse me," Sofia managed, civilly. "I need to have a… speak to Mrs. Richards." Sofia nodded by way of a bow and let herself out of the room with as much grace as she could muster. Out of the corner of her eye, she caught the stare that passed between the Donavans. They think I did it too! Sofia let the door close harder than she should have.
In the hall, she caught Mrs. Richards as she was about to go down the stairway.
"Mrs. Richards, might I have a word with you?"
Sofia knew that she sounded too familiar, too commanding, but she was having trouble keeping her temper in check. Her face warmed and her arms and hands were turning a light shade of red. How could she! Without proof! Perhaps Sofia might not have been as angry if it was someone else. When Mr. O'Malley questioned her the day before about David's room, she had not been angry… had not given it a second thought. First, she expected that kind of questioning from an employer when such occurrences happened; and second, she expected that sort of treatment from Mr. O'Malley's type. A newly landed gentleman often acted as he thought an old feudal lord might. But from Maye Richards!
Mrs. Richards was not perturbed by Sofia's tone, and that settled Sofia's temper. "Yes, Sofia?" There was no disdain in her voice.
"Mrs. Richards, there has been a mistake concerning that diary," Sofia began. She hesitated. She was almost sure Mrs. Richards would not be angry with her, but the matter suddenly sounded foolish to Sofia's ears. "Have you told Mr. O'Malley that you took the diary from Josie?"
"No, I didn't think there was reason to," Mrs. Richards said slowly, sounding out each word to be sure of its validity. "Should I have?"
"I take it you've heard about David's room?"
"Yes."
It was Mrs. Richards' turn to turn red, but with embarrassment instead of anger. Good, she does understand that I know what she's accusing me of. "Mr. O'Malley thinks that either Josie or I had something to do with what happened to David's room. I am not sure why. The only thing he thought was missing was the diary. The diary you've been reading originally belonged to David. Josie has told him that you took it from her to read and David doesn't mind in the least. Nevertheless, if you would, please mention the situation to Mr. O'Malley. It might clear up one aspect of what happened to David's room." Sofia heaved a deep breath.
"Oh Sofia, I didn't realize. I'll be sure to tell Edwin I was the reason David's book went missing." Mrs. Richards' brow still was furrowed. "That still doesn't tell me where the diary is now."
"No, I'm afraid it doesn't." Sofia shuffled her feet uneasily. She half-expected Maye Richards to give her that look again, the look that Sofia had seen from every employer at one time or another when something in the household went missing; a look that could not be taken back after the missing object was found. "I'm sure you'll find it, Mrs. Richards." Sofia's voice sounded loud in her own ears, suddenly nervous. "I should be getting back to—"
"Mother! Mother!" Josie's voice came from the stairway, preceded for only an instant by footsteps made in a clumsy rush. Josie appeared at the bottom of the stairs and frantically scampered behind where her mother stood, racing the devil himself. Sofia noticed she had an object clutched to her chest.
Lucinda Harris came hurrying after, without the shouting or thundering, to stop abruptly when she saw Sofia and Mrs. Richards in the hall shielding Josie. She was carrying a pair of scissors. To Sofia, Miss Harris stopped only because Maye Richards was there. She was sure Miss Harris would have run right over her in the effort to get to Josie. Josie let out a scream at the sight of Miss Harris and cowered closer to her mother. In spite of the near murderous expression on Lucinda Harris's face, Sofia put her hands on her hips and made her face a firm blank mask.
"That--that--rat is a thief!" Miss Harris raged. She pointed with scissors toward Josie.
"Miss Harris, I'd beg you to—" Sofia began firmly.
"Be quiet!" she cut Sofia off. "She came into my room and stole some of my belongings. I'm going to have Edwin put her out as soon as—"
"Lucinda!" It was Mrs. Richards' turn to raise her voice. She did so with the efficiency of a schoolteacher quieting a room. Theresa and Lewis Donavan were both peering through a good-sized crack in their door, one face just above the other. "What exactly is going on here?" Maye Richards' voice was calm and low. From behind her, Sofia could hear Josie sobbing.
"She stole something from my room." Miss Harris followed Mrs. Richards' lead and lowered her voice. She sounded like a cat growling.
"What did she steal?"
Miss Harris did not reply and cast her eyes to the floor.
"Josie, what did you steal?" Mrs. Richards repeated the question.
Sofia was about to protest, but a gesture from Maye Richards made her move aside instead. Josie scrambled like a crab against the wall behind Mrs. Richards. She kept her body doubled around what she was holding. Mrs. Richards knelt next to her and put a hand to her tear-stained face. "Josie, what do you have there?"
"I didn't steal anything!"
Sofia knelt on the other side of Josie and smoothed her hair. "Josie, we're not going to be angry. Just tell us what happened."
Josie nodded and sniffled before she began focusing on her mother. "I went to Miss Harris' room to bring her cocoa and when I set down the cup I noticed that the book, David's book, was laying there on the dressing table and it belongs to David so I thought I'd return it." She cowered against Sofia and scowled at Mrs. Richards. "But now you're here, you're just going to take it from me again like you did before, so here." Josie thrust the green diary into Maye's hands.
Mrs. Richards' reaction would have been no different if Josie would have just handed her a snake. Sofia was surprised that she didn't drop the book and flee. Instead, she straightened and turned to face Lucinda Harris. "This doesn't belong to you." She shook her head in disbelief at her friend.
"It doesn't belong to you either, Maye." Miss Harris stood straight shouldered over the entire party assembled in the hall. She held the scissors pointed toward Mrs. Richards as if she might stab her at any second.
"I was just in your room, before I came to the Donavans, and you said you didn't know where it was." Mrs. Richards studied her friend as if she hadn't seen her in forty hard years. "I don't understand, Lucinda."
Lucinda Harris' demeanor changed. One moment she was standing tall, concededly victorious; the next she was all demure humility. Her posture changed, her face changed, her hands fell to her sides and grabbed at her skirt. As Sofia watched, a chill raced down her spine. I wonder if Mrs. Donavan felt it, too. Sofia glanced at the door to the Donavans' room in time to see it close.
"I must have just picked it up by mistake last night, Maye. I was reading it myself, before everyone else gathered in the parlor after dinner."
Even her voice has changed! Sofia wanted to flee. She pulled Josie to her feet and grabbed her hand tightly. Josie made a noise of protest but stifled it when it caught the attention of Mrs. Richards and Miss Harris. I don't want to know how this ends!
"As I said, Mrs. Richards, David doesn't mind if you keep the diary." Sofia's words were as hurried as her steps past Lucinda Harris. "Come along, Josephine," she whispered as she forced herself not to run and pull Josie with her.

* * * * *

"That--that--rat is a thief!"
Lucinda lost track of the doppelganger until she heard the mockery of her voice rising from the stairwell. She wanted to hurry, but she could hardly move. The blackness came close to touching her again. It lingered in the oddest places; this time set off by, of all things, a teacup. It was behind Lucinda again and that prompted her to move finally.
She moved, if moving was the right word for it, faster than she thought possible and simply appeared in the middle of a scene. She nearly jumped to her old room when she realized that one of the participants was the doppelganger. Lucinda grimaced and sank into the wall, only her face showing.
Well, that little leap certainly lacked subtlety! There was no doubting that the shadow saw her, but it was busy. Lucinda hoped that it would lose track of her by the time whatever was happening ended. It was hard to spy on the one person that could see you.
"Be quiet!" the creature cut off something the maid was saying. She and Maye Richards were shielding the servant girl. "She came into my room and stole some of my belongings. I'm going to have Edwin put her out as soon as—" The voice made Lucinda want to shrink away and sob like the servant girl. Do I really sound like that? So petty? So condescending? It has to be some trick of that thing! It has to be…
"Stop your sniveling, girl!"
It was her grandmother's voice, so clear behind her. Lucinda let out a yelp. Without turning, she could see the form of her Grandmother. Lucinda expected her to appear dead as Robert usually was, but Grandmother was more vital than Lucinda ever thought of her. There was a bright fire behind her eyes, burning white-hot.
"I said stop! If you can't behave like an adult, then I'll treat you like a child. A sniveling child is sent to her room after a good bottom warming." Grandmother cackled with delight at her own joke. Lucinda remembered willow switch welts across her rump and thighs and knew there was no joy in the laughter.
She kept her attention focused on the group gathered before her in the hallway and, as Grandmother said, stopped sniveling. Grandmother's presence started gradually slipping away.
"She stole something from my room." The doppelganger lowered its voice lowered but there was still that quality to it, something Lucinda hoped was never in her own voice.
"What did she steal?" Lucinda asked it at the same time that Maye did.
Lucinda stepped out of the wall. Spying had its place but there was probably much more to be learned by confrontation here. "What was it that she stole that has you raving like a hysteric? Don't you know that Lucinda Harris would never act like a hysteric even if she was one? Be careful or you'll be found out."
The shadow lunged at Lucinda and contorted into a demon shape she would have never dreamt of. In its absence, Lucinda's body was pale and lifeless. None of the others noticed, as they were all huddled around the girl.
Lucinda laughed at the display as a shrieking fear was surfacing in her head. "If that's meant to shock me you'll have to try better. I see dead faces everywhere now because of you. If it's not my dead departed brother, it's Grandmother, or my parents. You'll have to do better." Lucinda squelched the screaming within her head, pushed it under a song that was continuously being silently hummed. She wasn't sure if she was familiar with the tune.
"David's book was lying on the dressing table and it belongs to David so I thought I'd return it, but now you're here, you're just going to take it from me again like you did before, so here!" The runny-faced girl finished her soliloquy by shoving something into Maye's hands.
Lucinda couldn't see what it was until Maye straightened and regarded the doppelganger. "This doesn't belong to you!" Maye held the green diary in her hands.
"If that is so important to you, I can't believe you were stupid enough to steal it and not burn it!" Lucinda taunted from a place behind and above the other Lucinda. Lucinda tried not to notice that from this position, her feet were nowhere near the floor.
"It doesn't belong to you either, Maye."
"I'd never use that tone with my best friend, Lucinda." She moved closer to the impostor's ear. "Even if she was wrong, I'd never use that tone." I have used that tone for many years with Maye and Rebecca and who knows whom else. "You're going to get caught!"
"I was just in your room, before I came to the Donavans, and you said you didn't know where it was. I don't understand, Lucinda." Maye was hurt and confused. She obviously never had considered her friend in the worst terms, as Lucinda feared.
"Very sloppy," one Lucinda whispered to the other.
The physical Lucinda transformed. For a fraction of a second, she went entirely slack as the shadow pulled itself away from her. Lucinda pulled away thinking it was coming after her. It wasn't. It remained near the body, its majority an infinitely black cloud swirling there behind the body. Only thin tendrils remained connected, very much in the manner of the marionette Lucinda once envisioned. The cloud ebbed and flowed, forming itself into faces of unspeakable things. Some of them Lucinda recognized as things she had only seen before in her dreams. The shadow still raged while the body of Lucinda became as calm as the cow pond on Uncle Conway's farm. "I must have picked it up by mistake last night, Maye. I was reading it myself, before everyone gathered in the parlor last night after dinner."
Maye and Sofia didn't have the first inkling as to what Lucinda was witnessing with horror, but the change in Lucinda body didn't go unnoticed. Sofia grabbed her daughter by the hand and rushed past Lucinda muttering something about the diary. Maye went white as a ghost before visibly collecting herself. She loosely held the diary in one hand in front of her, daring the doppelganger to come and take it from her again.
"Lucinda," she whispered, "I don't know what's happened to you. Ever since you've come to the Manor… No, before that, ever since your parents died, you've acted so strangely, what's happened to you?"
"Nothing, Maye, I'm just tired, that's all." The shadow pulled the body's face into a smile perhaps too big for the words. "Honestly, I had no idea I had the book. That girl must have rifled through my things to find it."
Lucinda knew it was a lie. She could remember some of it now, mere minutes ago. The green leather diary had been lying on the dressing table along with Lucinda's dream diary. It lay open to a page at near the end. The tainted Lucinda had gone into the water closet and Lucinda took the opportunity to come out of hiding in the shadow of the wardrobe to see what was written in the diary. She hadn't reached the dressing table when Josie came in with a cup of cocoa. Then… Then coldness crept into the hallway behind Lucinda, oozing out of the cup of cocoa. It pricked at the back of her neck, but she didn't turn around.
"I'm so worried about you, Lucinda," Maye was saying. She took a few steps toward the doppelganger and reached out her hand. Fear hadn't entirely gone from Maye and she stopped just short of touching the creature. Her hand hung there, empty, for longer than was needed before she let it fall to her side.
"She's lying, Maye," Lucinda shouted.
She couldn't contain the effort to help and that made Lucinda all the more helpless. The black cloud lashed out in Lucinda's direction before it collapsed into the body. For that second, the form it took was that of Lucinda's dead brother, flat eyes staring. The chill behind her took on the form of icicle fingers trying to grasp the nape of her neck, trying to pull her backwards. Lucinda fled.
Movement was a blur, too fast for Lucinda. It made her afraid. This was movement beyond the fastest carriage she had ever been in. If I were to smash into something…
She shook her head in frustration at the thought. I am still unused to not having a corporeal body. I wonder if it is something that I will ever get used to! It's the fundamental change in being that could drive someone insane. Oh, the theories I could introduce if I only had a hand to hold a pen!
The thoughts took her mind off moving. She didn't consider where she might be going until she stopped.
The empty room was not part of the Manor.
Disoriented, Lucinda did not recognize the place at first. The ceiling was low and the white plastered walls maximized the amount of light coming in. She could see through the French doors into a small courtyard surrounded by the walls of the house. A fountain filled the courtyard. A Roman godling on a flying horse spewed water into a wide basin. Lucinda spent many aimless childhood days skipping in circles around the fountain.
The room belonged to her mother. It was separate from the rest of the household. Guests were never invited into it or let walked through it to the courtyard. She had no memory of her father being in the room. The servants only came into it to summon Mrs. Harris. They never even cleaned the room. Lucinda's mother would occasionally dust off the whitewashed bookshelves and sweep the cobblestone floor. That was all.
It was a sunroom of sorts, but crowded with her mother's things. The waist high bookshelves ran the length of one wall, packed with slim volumes of poetry. The opposite wall was cluttered with her mother's paintings. Many were landscapes. Lucinda's eyes didn't remain too long on the painting of a deep blue cow pond set within a field. The centerpiece of the paintings was of a man reclining on a couch. He wore satisfied grin that was more mysterious than the Mona Lisa's. Lucinda didn't know the man but was sure it was not her father. Father had never been that handsome.
Opposite the French doors was an undersized door to the rest of the house. It was lacquered in a deep cherry color on one side to match the décor of the adjoining sitting room and painted a lavender-rose color on the other side to match the lone throw rug on the sunroom's stone floor.
Humming brought Lucinda's attention to the pillowy chair situated in the corner next to an easel. Lucinda could not match the tune to a song she knew, but it was familiar. A shock burst through her as she realized it was the tune that kept replaying endlessly inside her head. Her mother sat in the chair now. She was humming over an embroidery hoop filled with muslin.
Lucinda always thought her mother was a beautiful woman. She supposed there was a certain bias in her opinion. Mother and daughter were very much alike in appearance, but Lucinda never considered herself attractive in the least. They shared the same ivory skin and strawberry red hair, the same blue eyes that Robert had, as well. Her mother sat with her hair around her shoulders in curls and waves.
She wore a sitting dress, a white linen affair tied closed in the front. It wasn't something one would wear in the middle of the day. Lucinda's grandmother never approved of Mother. Father was an upstanding man, a lawyer, and not the sort to have his wife invite the local artist over for dinner. Not the sort of man that should have to endure that embarrassment, Lucinda heard Grandmother say many, many times. Lucinda was closer to her mother. Her father was distant, never at home, while mother could be found, if anywhere, in her little room.
Her eyes met Lucinda's. They were flat despite her smile. "Oh, my dear, I haven't seen you in so long. Why haven't you visited me?" The words bubbled through her mouth, garbled and distorted. Her lips moved but the words didn't match the movement.
Lucinda tried to answer but there was a tightening in her throat like she had swallowed a chunk of ill-chewed meat.
"What's wrong, Lucinda?"
Blood drained from Lucinda's face and coldness crept over her. She wanted to run from the apparition before her. Her mother looked fine, just as she had looked the last time Lucinda saw her alive, right down to the gown she was wearing and the lilies she was stitching. But the voice. The voice Lucinda had heard in nightmares.
The carriage accident that killed her parents had mangled her mother's beautiful face. The executors of the will required Lucinda to confirm that the bodies were those of her parents after the morticians repaired as much damage as was possible. They couldn't do anything about the ragged laceration that ran from her mother's eye, past her jaw to end somewhere below the neckline of the gown she would be buried in. In nightmares, her mother's eye, the one that was not sewn shut, would open and that horrid voice would meet her ears.
"Oh, Lucinda, you are always such a busy young woman. I'm glad to see you." Mrs. Harris rose from her needlework. With open arms, she approached Lucinda. "Come, my dear girl." The voice was almost like water moving over stones or water falling from pale hands. Lucinda couldn't move and cold arms encased her. Her own arms returned the gesture.
Her mother pulled away, but kept her hands firmly on Lucinda's shoulders. The puckered scar was visible now, red and molten. It zigzagged the length of the left side of her face. The morticians had not seen fit to do the best job for someone who would have a closed coffin funeral.
"I know what we can do, my dear. Let's gather your father and take a picnic to the park. He just bought two new mares for the carriage and has been dying to show them off. They're quite the beauties."
The scar was oozing. Not blood, but something thick and yellow. It matched the gruesome strangled sound of Mrs. Harris' voice. "Oh Mother," Lucinda managed.
"Come, girl, let's go."
Lucinda's eyes fell on the fingers digging into her right shoulder. They were devoid of flesh; their tips were imbedded in the muscular portion of her arm. She saw rivulets of blood, but there was no pain. Lucinda closed her eyes without lifting her gaze to her mother's face.
"Come with me, Lucinda." The voice was a thin rasp now with nothing of her mother in it. No, there was something of her in it. Something of her mother, her brother, her grandmother, even her father. Lucinda had never dreamt of her father, before or after his death. His voice was there too, part of an inhuman whisper.
Her mother was gone, replaced by a blinding light that filled Lucinda's head. There were shadows standing in the light, dark and oily. Each reached out to her, grasping at her. Each had a pair of bright pinpoints for eyes. Lucinda was startled to find her own hand in front of her, not quite touching the shadow nearest to her.
With a shriek, she stumbled backwards, landing on the fainting couch. She reeled in terror, knocking a picture of Uncle Conway's box-like house off the wall, nearly upending a bookshelf. The room blurred with movement. The light became duller, the shadows melded into one with clear features.
Lucinda stood once again in front of the mirror in the Manor's hallway. The man coming through the door behind her reflected perfectly without Lucinda's image in the way. It was the boy, the good-looking servant. He smiled, radiant and beaming. Lucinda's heart fluttered, forgetting her invisible state. Her excitement was short-lived. The flighty blond girl came tottering down the stairs. She walked through Lucinda without noticing. In the mirror, Lucinda saw the two trade quick guilty kisses. There were words spoken. The girl shook her head, and the two left through the ballroom door.
Lucinda didn't hear what was spoken. The humming in her head was so loud it escaped her lips. It didn't matter. There was only one person who could hear her.


Chapter Twenty-One


Sofia didn't make a habit of eavesdropping at doors, but sometimes she had to do it. It became necessary. As much as I hate it, it's important, especially to someone in my position. If I were to miss out on something, who knows whose toes I might step on. "A woman must remain informed," she muttered to the parlor door.
"I don't think she's entirely well," Mrs. Richards was saying again. The topic of conversation at tea this afternoon was Lucinda Harris, and after the encounter Sofia and Mrs. Richards had with her that morning, Sofia could understand why. There was a revolving argument in session that would abruptly stop each time Sofia entered the room. All the secrecy drove Sofia to press her ear just a little closer to the parlor door each time she left. I hope they don't notice how long it's taking to get those biscuits… She held a plate of them in one hand now, poised for the proper time to enter.
"Oh surely, Maye, you don't think it's all that bad, do you?" This was Mr. Richards, hard to hear between wheezes.
"I don't know." Sofia could imagine his wife shaking her head. "I don't like it. You should have seen her, Benton."
"If you ask me, I never thought that woman was quite right in the head."
"No one asked you, Edwin," Mrs. O'Malley replied. She sounded hurt.
"How dare you be so unkind, Edwin." The group quieted.
"As I said, I'm sure she's fine. None of us have been around Lucinda for quite a long time. She's changed in our absence…" Mr. Richard's was trying to be the voice of reason but reason couldn't explain what Sofia had seen.
"I think all the deaths in her family have caused some…" Mrs. Richards was willing to find a good reason too, but was countered each time by her husband.
"Like I said, she's changed; she's not the Lucinda we used to know."
"I still have to disagree with you, Benton, she offered absolutely no explanation for why she took the diary. That isn't like Lucinda."
"That is still no reason for what you're suggesting." Sofia missed whatever Mrs. Richards was suggesting. It had to be terrible since no one was brave enough to name it a second time. If only I would have been quicker to get that rag to wipe up Mrs. O'Malley's spill. Or remembered in the first place that she usually slops tea everywhere!
"You weren't there, Benton. You didn't see the way her faced changed just so suddenly."
"Well, was anyone else there?" Mr. Richards' tone was accusing, almost an impersonation Mr. O'Malley.
"Sofia and Josie."
"Oh, reliability there." This time it was Mr. O'Malley.
Sofia decided at that moment to enter the room. She was sure her timing would cause the greatest amount of embarrassment for Edwin O'Malley. She also hoped that movement would banish the trembling in her legs that came after she and Josie were named as witnesses to Miss Harris' outburst. Sofia agreed with Mrs. Richards. Lucinda Harris' rage had been frightening. Sofia wasn't easily scared, but there was something unnatural about what happened that morning. She advised her daughter to avoid Miss Harris when possible.
Sofia's entrance was only partially victorious. Cold stares were focused on Mr. O'Malley to Sofia's surprise, and blushed when he saw Sofia come through the door.
"Theresa, did you or Donavan see or hear anything?" Mrs. Richards was asking, but she fell quiet as Sofia offered biscuits. Only Mr. Donavan took one to nibble. The group had lost its appetite since Mrs. O'Malley sent Sofia to retrieve them. Sofia left without being dismissed.
"Lewis and I know nothing about it, Maye." There was a definite lie in Mrs. Donavan's voice as Sofia returned to her stooped posture. She blushed and was ashamed for poor Mrs. Donavan's need to be dishonest. I should have told her about the feelings I've had about this house.
"Sofia!"
"Ah!" Sofia clasped one hand over her mouth and managed to keep hold of the plate with the other.
She spun to find David behind her. She couldn't believe he had snuck up on her. She couldn't believe that she had not been watching the door. "Jesus, Mary and… David! How could you!" she whispered fiercely. She hoped no one in the parlor had heard.
"Me?" David wore his insolent grin. "What about you?"
Sofia blushed to the roots of her hair. "You're not too old for me to take over my knee, David Sanders."
"Yes, mother," David attempted to kiss Sofia of the top of the head. David's term of endearment sent cold water down Sofia's spine. It was too familiar and too comfortable, as if he had been calling her mother for years.
Sofia took David by the arm and led him a little ways from the parlor door. "What are you doing skulking around, scaring old women?"
"Mr. O'Malley asked me to catch him at tea. He wants my advice on his meeting with Joseph Gibson tomorrow."
"Oh, really," Sofia tried to keep her voice low despite her surprise.
"Yes. Who else would Lord O'Malley choose to help him deal with the common man? Those were his words to me this morning."
Sofia's face fell. "There's no help for that man at all. What's he planning on doing?"
"I'm not sure he knows himself yet." David shrugged. "I don't know what kind of advice he expects from me."
David walked past Sofia and was about to open the parlor door when Sofia called to him. "David?"
"Yes?" he asked over his shoulder.
"Do you know where Josie is? I haven't seen her today."
David's face turned as red as a hot coal. "She was in the kitchen the last time I saw her."
"Oh. Thank you, David." Sofia's heart raced as she watched David retreat. There was a distinct sense of loss that Sofia could not shrug off.
"There's no fighting it, old woman," she sighed to herself. "The young will do as they please no matter what. The Lord knows you did when you were her age." Still, the thoughts made Sofia want to laugh and cry all at once and she wasn't quite sure why.
At the door to the kitchen, Sofia stopped and again bent her ear close. There was an inordinate amount of giggling coming from inside.
"I can't believe you and he—" The words were consumed by a tittering laughter, but Sofia was sure the voice belonged to either Jane or Emily.
"Oh, he's so handsome, much better than any hero in any book I've read. Has he asked you to marry him?" It was the most words she'd heard spoken by those two girls put together. There were obviously three different voices behind the laughter and Sofia was fairly sure who the last one was.
"Yes." The word confirmed Sofia's suspicion. It was Josie. Sofia held herself still despite wanting to barge in. What her daughter was saying was definitely news to her. "He's asked, but I'm afraid mother won't approve. So we're going to run away together!"
Sofia surged through the door like an asp had bit her in the heel.
"Girls!" she bellowed. All three jumped about two feet into the air. Not high enough for Sofia's gratification. Jane and Emily appeared as wide-eyed as dead trout. Josie lowered her head and chopped more carrots.
"I'm sure you two have somewhere better to be than in a kitchen. I suggest you join your elders in the parlor. I'm sure you have a good excuse for not being there now."
Two heads bobbed, curtseying and rushing for the door. Sofia wasn't sure they wouldn't run each other over in their efforts to be expediently on their way. That left only uneven noises coming from the chopping board. Josie was sniffling on the verge of tears.
"You'd think I make you cut onions all the time as easily as you shed tears."
Sofia put a hand on her daughter's shoulder. She wasn't angry with her. There are two possibilities. If she and David elope, I won't have many more days to be mother to my daughter. If it's all a story, being angry with her will only drive both of them off. Other concerns suddenly washed over Sofia. She took in a ragged breath to avoid drowning in them.
"I've noticed lately that you…" she stopped and sighed. Sighing had become a bad habit in recent days. "Josie, David's a nice young man," her daughter's eyes filled with a joy so intense that it made Sofia gasp. "I just want you to think with your head before you and he make decisions." Sofia tried to give the words as much weight as she could. "Men have a tendency to think rashly when a pretty girl catches his eye. Your own father was a total fool when he courted me." Sofia forced a smile as she laid her hands on her daughter's arms. "It's our job as women to be sensible."
The joy in Josie's eyes flickered, dimmed a little. Sofia was sorry to see it go.


Chapter Twenty-Two


The chill in the room had nothing to do with lack of heat. It accompanied the doppelganger as it walked into the parlor a good ten minutes after the rest of the Manor's inhabitants were settled in for Maye's after dinner reading. There was no excuse for her tardiness and no one questioned her absence.
Word of the morning's events spread to include Evelyn Jones who heard the story only minutes before dinner that evening. She had, of course, been outraged by the behavior. In fact, it was expected that Lucinda would not be joining the group as Maye read from the diary. She was still welcome to join; how could a generous host offer less to a captive caller? Decorum on her part stated she wouldn't.
Lucinda knew this and was shocked to the very bone when her double walked in minutes after Maye started reading. Lucinda hadn't bothered to hide herself. She was sitting on the floor in front of Maye like when Lucinda was a little girl and her mother would read to her. The buoyant light of the fireplace flickered off Maye's face.
The living guests went through the tedious rituals each night. When Lucinda was a part of these mundane ceremonies, she never realized how boring they were.
Lucinda thought she would cry with frustration as it happened again tonight. The whole process that she used to be a happy participant in now made her want to scream.
Get to the damn diary! She wanted to shake Maye into forcing her to read. It's the only reason I'm here and not spying on that…that THING! Of course, she could have yelled at the Manor's guests until she was blue in the face, but there was still some propriety left in her, even as a ghost. So, she waited patiently. In some sort of cosmic manner, these patterns must be set, Lucinda thought to herself. The same happened every night when I was alive, and will happen every night until I put my body to rest! It was amazing the anger that rose from not being a part of those mundane things anymore.
Maye finally started in. Lucinda just couldn't understand what the shadowy being found so interesting in this stupid little book. It was the meandering thoughts of some common butler and that's all. There has to be more. Why else does it have such an interest? Why else steal the damned thing? I wish I could have gotten just a small look at it this morning. What is so damning in that little book written by a servant? Lucinda as shaking her head over these thoughts when the doppelganger walked in.
It strode in with a placid, queenly air. It took its time in arranging itself in the light blue settee. All eyes were on the creature, and it made no note of it.
"Sofia?" Lucinda's voice cut the air. Sofia shuffled forward from where she generally made herself inconspicuous.
"Yes ma'am?"
"It very cool in here, Sofia," the doppelganger said, explaining to a child. "Could you bring me a cover of some kind?"
"Yes ma'am."
Sofia quickly retrieved an extra blanket and the doppelganger casually went through the process of settling in complete silence. When finished, it glanced around the room with a demure innocent smile.
"Did I interrupt?" it asked.
The only answer was Maye's continuance, midsentence, of where she had left off.
"Oh, Maye," the doppelganger's voice rose over Maye's. Maye stopped and stared murderously at the woman who used to be her friend. "Do be a dear and start over. I'm sure I haven't missed much." The treacle of its voice was only matched in the smile Maye gave her.
"Of course, Lucinda. Anything for a friend." Maye made a show of clearing her voice and annunciating the first five or six sentences with careful clarity. "'May twenty-forth. Gentle reader, I am afraid that my own illness has…'"
Maye settled into her usually dynamic storytelling style. That manner of storytelling was pleasant to Lucinda. It had drawn her to Maye many years ago when Lucinda and Rebecca would sneak away from Rebecca's parent's brownstone and attend some performances by local writers. Maye used to write some very…interesting poetry. Lucinda would have never cared for it on the printed page. It was very risqué, but spoken out loud by Maye it was incredibly passionate. Unfortunately Maye's prowess was not enough to hold Lucinda's attention tonight. Foremost on her mind was the tingling at the top of her spine.
With concentration, Lucinda could gain a sort of detachment. She could see behind her without moving her head. It is like seeing something in your mind's eye while not focusing on what is in front of you. Not disconcerting in the least. Lucinda paused at the irony of her thoughts. Then again, what could be more disconcerting than passing through walls and floors and ceilings! Lucinda lost sight of what was behind her. It took all the mental prowess she possessed to focus instead on letting her mind float off to whatever direction came to mind. The doppelganger sitting on the light blue settee was sneering as well as boring a hole in Lucinda's skull with her stare. If I had a skull!
If the stare was supposed to intimidate, it didn't in the least. Lucinda had spent the day absolutely terrified of what every shadow she saw might become. A little stare wasn't going to do anything to her now. Anywhere she went, anywhere she tried to hide, her brother was there looking flat eyed and pasty skinned. He would grab her by the neck and pull her, try to drown her.
Lucinda wasn't sure how many times she re-enacted her part in that scene throughout the day. If it wasn't Robert waiting for her, it was Grandmother ready with a mixing spoon in hand to beat her bottom purple wondering where Lucinda was. Or her mother crying that Lucinda should come and take a carriage ride with her. As always the darkness oozed out of every crack between the floorboards, every window ledge, every ceiling corner. Lucinda wasn't sure what it all meant but it frightened her to exhaustion. It was then that the visions finally went away.
"Is there something the matter, Lucinda?" Maye's voice gave Lucinda a start. It only took an instant to realize Maye wasn't talking to her at all, but to the impostor sitting on the couch. The sneer on the doppelganger's face deepened with Lucinda's surprise.
"Nothing at all, Maye." Its expression changed to syrupy sweetness as her attention shifted to Maye.
"You just seem distracted, Lucinda." Lucinda never knew Maye to have a chilly demeanor. She had accused Maye once of being too nice to people that society had every right to shun. Maye's voice was like ice now. I just have to remember it's not me she's talking to. Maye thinks it's me. She thinks I've betrayed her.
"Just think of how you looked," Lucinda piped in, "sitting there, staring off into space. Not very attentive for someone who is supposed to interested in this stupid diary." The doppelganger kept its focus on Maye but the expression on its face went hard and the oily shadow surfaced for Lucinda's benefit. "I thought you were interested enough in it to steal it."
"Maye, I am tired," the creature replied with a smile so tight Lucinda thought its lips might disappear all together. The shadow within it was entirely part of that smile. Without another word or a proper goodnight, the doppelganger rose and left as stately as she entered.
The action took Lucinda completely by surprise. "What are you doing? Why are you leaving? I thought this thing was important to you. What are you doing?" Lucinda hadn't noticed that she too had risen to her feet and moved halfway to the door until her fists struck her own thighs in frustration. There was nothing she understood anymore.
Maye gave an almost inaudible sniff. Lucinda wasn't sure if it was due to the creature's behavior or her own. Lucinda was sure that no matter how warranted, Maye would regret treating her former friend in such a manner. Her face was that of a stubborn girl who had pricked her finger once too many times embroidering, but was going to finish her hoop no matter how much blood stained the linen. Sofia rushed to get the blanket from the settee and fold it.
"Sofia, I think I'll take that," Rebecca put in quietly. "I'm still on the cold side." Rebecca was as unhappy with the situation as Maye, maybe more so because she was the mistress of this house.
"You did the right thing," Lucinda said to try to comfort both women. She sat down in her own defeat on the settee that the other Lucinda had vacated. Her sentiment was echoed by Evelyn Jones, but there was very little sympathy in Evelyn's tone. I can't believe they'd think I would act so poorly, Lucinda thought with a shake of her head.
"Well," Maye began briskly, "I would like to get some of this read tonight."
"Yes, I don't see why we should all be so somber," Rebecca added.
"Yes." Maye cleared her throat and began again for the third time that night. "'May twenty-sixth.
"'I am much better today and a good thing, too, after so many days of illness.'"
Lucinda wondered how much of the story she had missed, but had no way of knowing or asking. She didn't remember the mysterious writer being ill at the end of last night's reading. The only thing she could do was sit and listen. Maybe there is something to be learned. She did not have the energy to go spying on the other Lucinda.
"'Mr. M held a conference with Joseph Gibson!'" Maye read to the group.
"See O'Malley, I told you there might be some more items of interest to us!" Lewis Donavan cut in. His boisterous voice was cut off by all the women in the room shushing him. Their silence had more to do with mourning for what they had just done to a friend than interest in Maye's reading.
"'Mr. M held a meeting with Joseph Gibson!'" Maye read again. "'It was arranged yesterday beyond my knowledge. Mr. M is also much better, more like himself, thank goodness. Sometimes I do believe his very health lay with that of the dear departed mistress of the Manor. Perhaps it is loneliness… Goodness! The mind is playing tricks tonight; I was sounding just like our Mrs. Paterson there!
"'As I was saying, this meeting was agreed upon without my knowledge. When Joseph Gibson appeared at the front door with hat in hand (he actually used the knocker!) and asked to see Mr. M I nearly sent him away. It was my luck that one of the maids was there to take his coat and signaled to me, very discretely, that I knew to let him in. The meeting between Mr. M and Joseph Gibson occurred in the parlor. Imagine if you will, dear reader, the spectacle that was. Joseph Gibson in his crumpled, dirty pants and shirt with that terrible hat of his, sitting on Mrs. M's lovely light peach velvet settee.'"
"Just think, Evelyn," Lewis' voiced boomed, "he was sitting right where you are."
Evelyn scowled.
"Lewis," Theresa said sharply, "if you can't behave, you can turn in for the night, as well."
O'Malley gave a chuckle as Lewis was half way out of his chair before Theresa snapped, "Oh, do sit, Lewis!" O'Malley laughed harder.
"Gentlemen," Maye interrupted, "may we continue?"
The gentlemen looked about ready to protest, but thought better of it.
"'It made me cringe,'" Maye continued. "'It is the household's opinion, and not necessarily mine, you understand, that Gibson should be told off in a proper manner. Mrs. Paterson and Charlie McWilliams, the grounds keeper, both agree that the small amount of poor produce that Gibson provides for the Manor can be purchased in town. Charlie has suggested that he be the one to go to town. The cost would be trivial in the grand scheme of things. The Manor has always had wealth behind it.
"'Household rumors aside, not even I know the outcome of the meeting. Mr. M asked me bring brandy in before he and Gibson began talking, but then he ordered me out of the room until I was summoned to show Mr. Gibson out. I will however disclose the fact that Joseph Gibson was not in the best of moods upon leaving. To his discredit, I do believe he muttered some very unfavorable things about me. I must admit I feel ill used in general today. Between not being informed of our guest's arrival in advance so I could ready the parlor, and Mr. Gibson's foulness, I wish vaguely I would have become sicker today instead of better!
"'Before I turn in, I must remind myself to have a talk with Miss James about the maid who came to my assistance today, a very professional young lady who deserves an accommodation of some sort…
"'May twenty-seventh.
"'The problem with Mr. Astor and Miss Harold has worked itself out without the interference of either Miss James or I., I'm afraid we let things go too long before dealing with them. The excitement with Joseph Gibson distinctly put the two in the background of most minds; we were unable to gather our wits together in order to deal with them until today. As I've said, the situation has worked itself out without any interference.
"'Mr. Astor disobeyed rules yesterday and walked to town. He then sought out and found a job, knowing his own was in jeopardy. He thence returned to the Manor, found his way to Miss Harold's room, and proposed marriage to her. When we (Miss James and I) brought them before us as planned, Mr. Astor resigned his position and so did Miss Harold. Miss James and I were too surprised at the ensuing story to do anything but wish them luck. In retrospect, perhaps I should be angry with the boy for breaking the rules and agreeing to take a job while still under my employ, but I simply can't find the heart. He will be working in town as a stable boy at the Greyfalls Inn. He will find that the work will be harder and the pay less, but hopefully his new wife will make up for those shortcomings. I do wish them the best of luck.
"'Perhaps our own Charlie McWilliams will see Mr. Astor in town sometimes. Mr. M has made a bold move concerning Joseph Gibson. He has decided that Gibson will begin to pay monetary rental for his land instead of what that land provides. He has lost his honor as a provider for the house and will join the dozen or so outlying farms paying rent alone. I can see now why Gibson may have been disgruntled, but that does not excuse his behavior. His payment will go towards buying produce in town until another farm is chosen. I dare say that the entire matter makes little sense to me considering that Joseph Gibson sells some of his produce to the market in town, the market where Charlie McWilliams will be sent to shop. It is not my duty to question what Mr. M does. I am merely an employee.'"
"I still have to wonder who exactly this writer is." It was O'Malley's turn to cut in this time. "I don't remember my Uncle Marlowe having a butler."
"Edwin, you told me the last time you saw your aunt and uncle was when they were still living in New York, yes? When you were very young?" Edwin scowled at Rebecca's statements.
"Well, yes. That doesn't mean we didn't keep in touch. I was their closest living relative even if I didn't visit them often enough."
"Pretty much a windfall for you then, huh, old chum?" Donavan gave a chuckle at Edwin's sudden embarrassment.
Maye loudly cleared her voice. "I might have mentioned earlier that there is a name signed near the end of the diary."
"Oh, do read it, Maye!" All heads turned toward where Jane and Emily were seated. Both faces were the color of a cock's comb, but it must have been Jane who spoke because Emily was staring in shock at her sister. Jane gave a nervous giggle and stuttered, "Ah, Mrs. Richards."
"Indeed, Mrs. Richards to you, girl!" Evelyn's voice could compete with Donavan's for sheer resonance. "I think it's time for the two of you to be off to bed." Evelyn was unraveling herself from her afghan to shoo the girls out.
"Evelyn, please!" Maye's voice was fraught with frustration and almost near tears. "Can I please finish half of what I planned for the night?"
Evelyn stopped in shock and lowered her large form into the chair where she had been sitting. The girls had not moved at all, but looked terrified and unsure all the same.
"Thank you. Now, I've been enjoying myself and I hope you are too," said Maye.
"Of course, we're enjoying ourselves, Maye," said Benton softly. He hadn't said a word since Lucinda left. "Your reading is excellent. I liked it very much." Maye was heartened by her husband's words and continued.
"'May twenty-eighth.
"'An interesting addition to the Joseph Gibson situation, or as Mrs. Paterson refers to it, her vegetable saga:
"'Charlie McWilliams went into town this morning for some produce. This of course requires him to rise quite early, which he decided to remind everyone of all throughout the day. He believes his voluntary motion to go to town was ill advised. Mrs. Paterson thinks he was hoping to spend extra time in town in hopes of seeing a certain lady there. No doubt the early hour of his trips was disappointing.
"'As usual, I have digressed. Sometimes I believe my writings must be the most long-winded and boring… Nevertheless…'"
O'Malley made a noise in his throat that sounded like a strangled word but did nothing further to interrupt. It earned a dirty look from Maye.
"'When Charlie reached Hearthberg, he found that the produce there was far better than anything we have seen at the Manor in quite a while. Mrs. Paterson was overcome by the nice looking potatoes, especially for this time of year. The catch is this: the produce in town is selling for twice what it used to. Charlie inquired as to why (and saved my doing it). The market in town hasn't bought produce from Joseph Gibson in a month, much to our surprise. They have been buying from other estates in the area that are using different methods for farming that are obviously giving them an advantage.
"'One of these farmers is our own Baker family. Well now, we all know why Joseph Gibson was in such a snit! He hasn't been getting paid for the work he's been doing. Now, on top of that, he will have to pay money for his land! He has worked himself into quite a hole, I must say. I said as much to Mrs. Paterson and she said, "Oh, aye, but it's that man's pride that is the fall of him. Charlie said he's since heard that Gibson refused to use some of the new methods Jack Baker is using because Joseph Gibson can't stand being wrong at anything."
"'I shook my head at that. Certainly, a prideful man should be wise as well. The question was raised about the other families that are part of the Manor's estates may have to pay the same rent. Mr. M told me in some slight confidence that it will depend upon what Joseph Gibson wishes to do. If he claims he is being treated unfairly, everyone might have to pay the rent and Charlie might have to make trips every morning. I'm not sure that will go over well with any involved.'"
"Well, I'll certainly be giving Gibson a piece of my mind tomorrow," said O'Malley. That was enough to earn a sharp snap of the book from Maye.
"I think it's time to call it a night," she said rising. "I'm tired." Her voice was as tight as her eyes. Lucinda's suspicions were confirmed. She was testy and never cut a story-telling short on her own. Lucinda hoped Maye would be her saving grace.

* * * * *

The doppelganger stood before the mirror in Lucinda's room, brushing through its hair. The flickering light of the candles lit near the window made its hair redder than it was. The cool white moonlight glinted cleanly off the mirror's frame and the silver brush. To anyone else's eyes, the low light would have caused the lines that formed in that other Lucinda's face to be invisible. To the Lucinda that hung in the shadows near the water closet, the wrinkles were clear. They marred the face that once was hers. She watched fascinated for a while, sure she was unseen, undetected from the only being that could see her.
Lucinda was careful when she came into the room. She was still unclear as to what the diary had to do with anything, but she was certain a clue would be found there. She willed herself into the room, carefully, wanting to be unnoticed and perhaps glean another piece of the puzzle in her head, but the room had been empty. Lucinda hadn't wondered where her double was. She took the opportunity to hide herself. As she waited, she cleared her mind of everything she could. It seemed the safest thing to do. Only the endless tune was still there, soft in her head.
The doppelganger came in not long after and went through the paces of getting ready for bed. The sight both sickened and enthralled Lucinda. It was like a lewd dance, every motion deliberate and taking a second or so too long. Lingering over a button, slowly pulling the pins from her hair and putting each down before pulling out the next one, a pause before the mirror to glance at its naked form before pulling on a dressing gown. It made Lucinda's gut tighten.
"Are you going to linger there watching all night?" the reflection in the mirror asked.
Lucinda's heart stopped and she considered whether it mattered if her heart started again or not. It was all for my benefit. The whole dance.
"Disgusting," Lucinda said under her breath. The word was echoed behind her by the whispers of Lucinda's mother and grandmother. Lucinda giggled. My own Greek chorus!
"Oh, you are going quite mad, aren't you?" The doppelganger mocked her.
Lucinda kept from blushing and stepped out from the shadows. "Yes, girl. You should control your weaknesses," Grandmother berated. Lucinda ignored her.
"At least I don't make mistakes," Lucinda said icily to the puppet and its master.
"Who? I?" The doppelganger gestured with the hairbrush.
Lucinda inclined her head and smiled.
"You," it began, "have no idea what my plan is. How can you possibly judge whether I have made mistakes?"
Lucinda wished she could see her reflection in the mirror. It would have been comforting to know she was still young, not aging like this thing before her. Is the voice different? Or is it just the strangeness of hearing yourself not in your own ears? No, there's taint to it, too, she assured herself.
"I know you are trying to be me," she said. "You are doing a poor job of it."
"Oh, I must try harder to be selfish and disdainful then."
The words stung. Lucinda knew them to be true. "I wasn't always like that," she said. It was no defense.
The impostor took several steps toward Lucinda, to the extent that the shadow aura of it almost touched her. She could see just how worn her body looked, every wrinkled detail. With as much deliberation as the brushstrokes before, it said, "How you were doesn't matter much now, does it?"
Lucinda closed her eyes and swallowed her anger. All the voices behind her were silent. Only the tune in her head. She wanted to strangle it, both the tune and the impostor before her. She wanted to rob it of life as it had robbed her. "You took that from me." She met its eyes.
"You wouldn't have changed." It laughed lightly, still motioning with the brush. "We both know that. Death gives an interesting perspective. Ironically, it gives you the will to live." It turned away. "Or at least survive."
Lucinda growled and pulled away. It was more than that. There was that sensation of immense, horridly fast movement, but she found herself only a few feet from the doppelganger. "You're going to be found out. You don't know these people as well as I do. As well as they know me. They'll find you out."
"They have no idea!" it shouted and Lucinda was surprised.
"You might want to keep your voice down," she said to it. The creature snarled and in a fit of violence, hit its leg with the hairbrush. It made a wet slap through the fabric of the dressing gown. Lucinda winced in sympathetic pain. It didn't wince at all.
"Be gone," it hissed through clenched teeth.
Lucinda moved again and opened her eyes to the sunroom.
"It felt no pain," she whispered. She filed the fact away among the music in her head and hoped she'd find it again when she needed it. She smiled out at the darkened lawn.


Chapter Twenty-Three


Lucinda stood at the window watching the sunrise. The colors seeped over the horizon, pink and a lewd shade of red blending to an impossible yellow just where the sky turned black. Lucinda waited for the blinding ball of yellow, waiting for it to warm her. She was at peace. A light breeze ruffled some of the loose curls of hair and swayed the stiff skirt of her pale dress. Funny, a breeze without the window open.
The room behind her was empty, no one awake yet. She would be the first this morning to greet the sun. Yes, the room behind her was dusky still. She could make out the dressing table still shipwrecked, the edge of its gilt mirror gleaming in the half light. She shook her head. What had possibly gotten into that boy to move my dressing table there and then leave it! She would have to give him a stern talking to. I'm sure his ladylove befuddles his mind. The thought made Lucinda prematurely warm. It was nice to think of the two of them together.
Lucinda turned to the window and the sun was already fully above the horizon radiating the pale yellow of early morning. Its quick arrival dismayed her. Lucinda could look straight at the sun with ease. It gave no warmth yet. The sky around it turned a deep blue, almost green, and reminded her of pond water.
She shook her head, grimacing. I don't want to think of ponds. Ponds are a bad omen in my life. She turned to find the journal of her dreams on the dressing table. The room was a dark void. Surely that's where I left it. Maybe it's just the light behind me…
Before Lucinda could turn around to see the now blazing ball of light burning her back, cold fingers touched her bare shoulder. She snapped her eyes closed. "It cannot be, it cannot be…" It was as bright behind her eyelids as the sunlight streaming through the window. The cold fingers dug into her body. Lucinda wondered if they belonged to her brother or her mother. "Or the shadow," she murmured. She could still see the shadow with pinpoint eyes standing outside last night… "No, that makes no sense!"
"No, it doesn't, Lucinda."
The voice behind her belonged to her brother. It was calm and normal. It sounded alive. The fingers at her shoulder, still cold, pulled at her trying to spin her around. Lucinda held fast. Her eyes pinched tight, she shook her head.
"You belong here with us, Lucinda. I don't know what has gone on here, but you need to come home. Come with us." His voice was soft and gentle, and young. In the past, Lucinda dreamed occasionally of her brother as a man. He had grown tall and handsome with a beautiful voice that always accused her of drowning him. Lucinda heard a yelp of panic below her and realized it came from her own throat. "It wasn't your fault…" His breath was musty and cool on her ear.
"Robert," Lucinda said, "you're dead."
"I know," he said softly. "But it's past time for you…"
His words seeped through Lucinda and were swallowed by a high pitch scream. Again, Lucinda wasn't sure if it was hers. It came from far below. She struck out against the hand and the voice of her
brother.
"Yes, I think you are right." Lucinda's voice behind her woke her. Is this sleep? she asked herself. It's more like becoming aware again after being nothing but a dream.
The doppelganger entered the sunroom with Maye, Evelyn Jones, and the cook in tow. Lucinda could see them reflected in the windows and moved to be in the other's way without turning. It gave her an evil glance and sidestepped. Lucinda hoped one of the others would notice the erratic behavior. Maye passed without noticing and took a seat on one of the benches. Evelyn frowned and Lucinda's heart skipped until she said, "Are you sure you want to meet in here, Lucinda? It's so bright."
Sofia served them all coffee before excusing herself.
"Evelyn, is certainly right, Maye," it said, "we need to talk."
Maye hesitated, taking a deep breath and a sip from her cup. Evelyn used the pause to jump right in, forgetting the brightness. "I've heard so many stories from Rebecca about how you used to be good friends. If you talk it out, things will not seem so big and awful."
"Lucinda, we have had differences of opinion in the last few years, but I've always been your friend." It sounded to Lucinda like something Maye had spent the entire night rehearsing, not at all in regards to Evelyn's sweet notions.
"Yes, Maye, through all these years I've always counted you as my best friend," it said. Yes, there is a taint to the voice, Lucinda thought. There's a mocking quality. Mocking my life… Lucinda prayed for the strength to slap it, to affect it, to make them all see.
"Lucinda, I'm worried," she heard Maye say. "You haven't been acting yourself the last few days."
Lucinda rushed forward and yelled into Maye's ear. "It isn't me, Maye!" She put her face directly into Maye's. "IT'S NOT!" Maye choked, breathless. Lucinda jumped, breaking contact. "Please, please say you heard."
"Are you all right, dear?" Evelyn leaned close.
"Yes, yes. I must have swallowed my tea wrong."
"Is that what it was?" Lucinda questioned. "Or something else?"
She didn't expect an answer and received none. While all this took place, the doppelganger started crying. Tears dribbled down her face, brows furrowed, nose flaring like a landed fish. "Oh, Maye. I've been having such horrible dreams," it sobbed. "About… about…" She hyperventilated and Maye and Evelyn leaned in close to her and put their arms around her. Shadowy tendrils reached out from the doppelganger's body and caressed Maye and Evelyn's arms and back, teased impotently at their hair as the cooed and comforted. The sight made Lucinda's stomach churned.
"They're about Robert," the creature sobbed. "Oh Maye, I realize how terrible my life has become, and I know you hate me!"
"No, no, Lucinda," Maye assured. "You've just been acting so different. We don't know what to do…" One of the fondling tendrils snaked its way to Maye's neck and sunk in. Maye sputtered and coughed violently for until the path of oily black retreated from her neck.
"Please," the doppelganger said, "please just remain my friend…" It hugged Maye harder and Maye returned the hug.
Lucinda trembled to the bone. She had hurt Maye and so had it. "It's not me, not me," she kept repeating feebly. Her tears were hot enough to leave welts on her cheeks.
"You don't need them, Lucinda." Grandmother's voice. Grandmother stood in front of the window, and Lucinda could see her through the window standing in white rays of sunshine. Her arms were folded over her breast. She sniffed at the scene and then cast her judgmental eyes on Lucinda. "Come, girl. It's time to stop this nonsense and come home." Grandmother started walking away, and for a second, Lucinda fought the urge to follow like a magnet drawn to her opposite.
"No!" The word surprised her, as did the thoughts that accompanied it. "It's right about one thing. I ruined my life. I followed you and your ways, and here is where I ended up."
Lucinda thought about adding that she needed to stay and protect the friends she abandoned in life. She wasn't exactly sure how to do that and didn't want to have to explain it to Grandmother.
"I'm staying," she said. The words leapt from her lips, but Grandmother didn't hear.
Grandmother continued walking away from Lucinda until she was obscured by the brightness streaming through the window. Lucinda tried to think away the light as she had done before, but it didn't work. She was left with three women propping each other up on one of the sunroom benches. One of them looked at Lucinda and smiled.
Lucinda turned away.

* * * * *

David waited in the hallway by the front door like a footman or a butler, or some such other servant. He bounced on his heels in boredom and started when Sofia came bustling into the hallway from the dining room. She halted abruptly halfway to the parlor when she saw David. All the items on the tea service she held slid a few inches.
"No one here yet?" Sofia squeaked. It was very unlike Sofia to squeak. It was more like how Josie would sound sometimes. The thought made David wince. Occasionally, his new fiancé's voice sounded a good deal like his schoolteacher, old Mrs. Harriet, cleaning the chalkboard. It was not comforting at all that Josie's mother could sound the same.
"Nope, not yet," said David. "O'Malley kept warning me yesterday not to be late for this meeting, but his ears were deaf to his own voice."
Sofia chuckled. "Well, it's no wonder Gibson's late. I probably would have fainted if it had been any other way. I better keep this warm." She jiggled the tray. "Here I thought I was late for the grand audience. I better not give Lord O'Malley anything to fault me for."
Only moments after Sofia left, there was a loud knock at the door. David waited, peering around for someone else to appear to answer the door. No one did and after a second set of impatient knocks, David reached for the door handle. "I guess I can add another title to my list after horse trainer," David grunted under his breath.
He swung open the door heavily carved with vines. Joseph Gibson stood on the other side wearing his soiled best. The streaming sunshine made his coat red.
"Good morning, Joseph," David nodded.
Joseph returned the nod. "Should o' expected you to be the one opening doors in addition to everything else you do for O'Malley."
The words were insulting, but David wasn't sure whether the slight was aimed at O'Malley or himself.
"Well, wait in the parlor. Mr. O'Malley hasn't been down yet."
"Of course, he hasn't. He's a man of leisure, not the poor likes of us, eh?" He prodded David with an elbow. David gave him a tight smile and nodded. Before the two were safely in the parlor, Mr. and Mrs. O'Malley's voices came wafting from the stairs.
"It is my business, Edwin," Rebecca was saying firmly. "I lived in this house the same as you."
"Becky, this is just a small meeting between business partners. You are my wife, you do not belong—"
"Nonsense—" They both came into view on the stairs.
Edwin O'Malley grabbed Rebecca by the arm, spinning her around. She stumbled, grabbing tightly on to O'Malley. "You'll go upstairs and quietly wait for Sofia to bring you your tea," he said. His voice was a growl that David had never heard from O'Malley before. Neither had Rebecca from the expression on her face.
Her arms fell to her sides and he jumped to find his hands still leaving dimples on her arms. He let go quickly. Wide eyed, Rebecca O'Malley gave a small nod and turned to go back up stairs.
O'Malley proceeded down the stairs with his eyes cast forward. David wondered if he would ever have to use that tone with Josie. He doubted it. There would probably never be a cause. David heard Gibson snicker next to him.
O'Malley didn't acknowledge either of them standing in the parlor door until he reached the bottom of the steps. As though two pages had turned at once, O'Malley clasped his hands and quickened his step to meet them, smoothing his face into a pleasant smile.
"Mr. Gibson, David," he nodded to both and gestured for them to take seats in the parlor. "Now where is Sofia with some tea?"
O'Malley lowered himself into a chair across from Gibson, next to David. David was suddenly very uncomfortable. O'Malley had told him nothing about his role in this meeting aside from wanting David there. David envisioned himself as the bouncer ready to throw Gibson out when voices became raised, but had no real clue why he was here.
"So, Mr. Gibson. What is it you want?" O'Malley's tone was fatherly, Gibson his unruly son. David would not have appreciated such a tone. Knowing Joseph Gibson's temper, he braced himself for an explosion. Meeting over, David could go to the roof or the cellar, or anywhere more comfortable.
The explosion did not come, but David and O'Malley waited in silence as Gibson's face turned five shades of red. His jaw remained clenched an extra ten seconds after that. From Sofia's story of the wife, David suspected that Gibson did a great deal of jaw clenching.
"Mr. O'Malley, sir," Joseph began enunciating precisely, "we are business partners, as you said." Edwin colored at the repeated phrase. Gibson didn't notice. "My family and I can hardly keep ourselves alive. What with supplying the Manor, I think it only fair that—"
Sofia came bursting in with the tea service. She curtseyed hastily to cover the ungainly entrance. David feared for the tea a second time. She served Mr. O'Malley first and then Gibson. "How do you take your tea, Mr. Gibson?" she said formally. Gibson glared at Sofia, but answered 'black' civilly. Sofia poured and Gibson took the cup without drinking or saying a word. David waved tea away with a 'No, thank you.' Sofia looked distressed and left as hastily as she came.
Gibson continued to stare at the parlor door after it closed behind her. "As I was saying…" his gaze returned to O'Malley, "…I think it only fair that you, as benefactory," his mouth clawed over the word clumsily, "of this community, should support your farmers by paying them market price for the goods they provide."
David expected the explosion to come from O'Malley this time and was again disappointed. O'Malley's voice was treacle. "Do you speak for the other dozen families in this community?"
"As I see it, sir," Gibson straightened in his chair with something akin to superiority, "my family is the only one bringing products to the Manor."
O'Malley's attention snapped to David. "Is this true?"
David kept his voice even despite being suddenly thrown into the conversation. "Yes, sir. From what Sofia has told me, at least."
"Why has she never mentioned anything to me about this?" O'Malley's tone was sharp. David wondered if he was catching the wrath directed at Gibson, as well as leftovers from his earlier 'discussion' with his wife.
Gibson's chuckled remark did not help matters. "Women! Either they talk too much, or not at all."
"I'm not sure, sir," David replied.
"Well," O'Malley's tone turned airy again as he addressed Gibson. "This will certainly be remedied. Your family should not be the only ones doing their duty." With O'Malley's last word, Gibson opened his month to form a protest. O'Malley went on without noticing. "You see, Mr. Gibson, I may be the 'benefactory' of this community, but my gift to you and the other families is the land you farm. I am the heir to this land and the agreement you made with my uncle stands in its entirety."
Gibson's mouth closed like a bear trap and his color went not red, but purple.
"Sir," the word took five seconds longer than was customary, "I don't know how you have come to be mistaken about—"
"How dare you insult me, Mr. Gibson." Mr. O'Malley leaned forward in his seat. While his demeanor was still calm, there was warning in his words. "Do you think that just because I used to live somewhere else that I have no connection to this place? That I don't know exactly what the agreement between the 'members of this community' and my uncle was? You demand to be paid for the low grade produce you bring to me as your duty only because you can't get paid for it at the market!"
"Edwin O'Malley!" The exclamation was heard before Rebecca appeared at the parlor door. "I knew I couldn't trust you to talk to Mr. Gibson without yelling."
O'Malley sprang from his chair and covered the distance to the door faster than David or Rebecca expected.
David sprang from his seat. If he hurts her at all, David thought, defending her wouldn't be the worst way for me to terminate my employment here.
O'Malley stopped three inches from his wife. David was surprised to see that Rebecca stood her ground. O'Malley said something softly to her that David could not hear and Mrs. O'Malley was away with the rustle of her skirts.
"Mr. Gibson," O'Malley hadn't turned from the door, "I expect you to leave now. I haven't decided whether I want to revert to my uncle's original agreement of payment for the privilege of using my land in produce or whether I should stand behind his later agreement and charge monetary rent. You should hope I choose the former."
David was still on his feet and expected to have to 'lead' Mr. Gibson to the door. Again, he was wrong, and utterly useless for it. Joseph Gibson stomped past O'Malley who held the parlor door for him. David heard the main door close before O'Malley crossed the room to the library. He gave David a disgruntled scowl as he passed.

* * * * *

Sofia just didn't understand what people saw in reading books. They always seemed very boring to her. To sit in a drafty parlor just to listen to the diary of a former servant was beyond what Sofia thought reasonable. If she had a choice in the matter, she would finish cleaning and go to bed. Maybe I should insist that David fix the summons bells connecting the rooms. David had decided the bells were of minor concern, but that was before there were guests. I'm sure the lad has just forgotten about them.
As happened anytime Sofia thought about David, she peered around for her daughter. Josie was supposed to finish the dishes and come to the parlor. Sofia resisted the urge to slip out and make sure all was well. It's not that I don't trust her… Sofia held back.
All the guests were gathered and tucked underneath their blankets. Everyone was rather quiet tonight, but Sofia noticed some tension between Mr. and Mrs. O'Malley. Surely, they wouldn't need anything. I could just… Sofia set her feet into the deep red carpet and forced her mind away from Josie and David.
"'May twenty-ninth,'" Maye Richards was reading. Yes, old woman, just listen to the story telling. Maybe there will be some more good gossip about Joseph Gibson…
"'I must say that working here is not like it used to be.
"'Let me refresh your memory, gentle reader, as to what might be the golden days.
"'I must say I believe the changes started officially when the mistress of the house took ill quite suddenly. After holding on valiantly to her health for a while longer, eventually she was overcome by death. This was a terrible strain on Mr. M. He loved his wife dearly, as dearly as she loved him. This fact was doubly magnified by the fact that the two had no children and had, during the course of their marriage, lost all of their close relations. So when Mrs. M died, Mr. M was left alone. Of course, a couple whose love is so strong is strongly loved by others, and Mr. M's friends, such as the Cavanaughs, rallied around him in a quite extraordinary manner. He has not been the same.
"'While it has always been my duty to keep the house running smoothly, I have to admit, at the risk representing my employer as weak, for the past several weeks I have been handed nearly the entire control of the house. Mr. M has not wanted to deal with anything. I have heard that there are butlers who are given the absolute run of the house, only conferring with their employers when a problem arises, but Mr. M has never been like that. He was always a most involved master of the house. I dare say that the house is better for it, not that it suffered under my control, but the cooperation and the rapport between Mr. M and myself is truly a rare thing between an employer and employee and the Manor was as smoothly running as Swiss clockwork.'"
That poor soul would positively die if he knew of the hard times that have been brought on by his dear Mr. M's nephew, Sofia thought to herself. She had worked in many a clockwork house herself. This was certainly nothing of the sort. David questioned her this afternoon on why she hadn't mentioned the terrible produce the Manor received from Gibson. Sofia had just shrugged. Sofia didn't think that Mr. O'Malley wanted to be bothered with such things, and she could work around it. Isn't the food I cook good? she asked. There were other things to deal with that were more important. Like what you've done to my daughter! Sofia hadn't said that earlier and she pushed the thought away again now.
"'May thirtieth.
"'As I was saying yesterday before sleep took me away from my diligent writing, before the death of Mrs. M, the Manor was unlike any house I'd worked in previously. The house is huge and Mrs. M took full advantage of this fact. The house was always filled with guests and rarely were they actual blood relations of the Ms. For a short while, when Hearthberg was a town on the path to the Great West, the house would put up homesteaders if their travels were interrupted by storms. The farms provided enough food for themselves and us and there was no quibbling about payment. If anything, Mr. M has always been generous. He loaned money to one of our farm families to buy new cows when several were stolen from their place. I don't know what has gone wrong for the great house to come to this.
"'I hoped that after Mr. M took care of the Joseph Gibson matter in such a decisive fashion, not really mentioning the fact to me, that he would be returning to his old self. Alas, since then he has been more apathetic towards anything to do with the house. We had our weekly house meeting today, though I must say the last was more than a week in the past. Mr. M was very… distracted, I will say. Not at all like he once was…
"'I often wonder what the Manor was like before Mr. M came into possession of it. I can't imagine that there were ever as many people here as in its recent heyday now sadly gone. For that matter, I've always wondered how Mr. M came to own it, who the previous owner was, and if the house had ever been called anything more than the Manor.
"'There most definitely is a draft in this room, I've relit my candle twice now …'"
Sofia had to admit Mrs. Richards was a good reader, far superior to Sofia. It was almost enjoyable listening and not struggling with the words on her own.
"'May thirty-first.
"'Mr. M's health has not held out for very long this time. He woke this morning coughing something terrible, which is a new ailment for him. Previously, it was his stomach that bothering him. Luckily, a physician visiting from Chicago was in Hearthberg when Charlie was sent on an extra trip into town to get the doctor. He came immediately on horseback not bothering to follow Charlie. This physician was different than any I have encountered. He was dressed all in black and wore gloves when touching Mr. M. He used an odd contraption hooked to his ears to listen to Mr. M's chest; mainly, he said, to listen to the pumping of the heart and the passage of air into and out of the lungs. When I asked whether the dish for bleeding a patient should be sent for he growled and said, "I am endeavoring to cure this man, not torture him!"
"'This is not treatment I am used to, let me tell you, dear readers. Frankly, I am not so sure this physician knows what he is doing. He claimed that Mr. M had an infection in his lungs, and then said I should very thoroughly clean Mr. M's room before he sleeps tonight. This man was to be implying that my poor house cleaning was the reason for Mr. M's sickness! He required Mrs. Paterson to prepare a rather foul smelling concoction to place on Mr. M's chest and a tea that smelt worse. I cannot imagine how it might have tasted. He also asked that I see that the drafts were stopped in the house, which was the best idea this man had.
"'Needless to say, I spent a good portion of my afternoon making sure that Mr. M's room was absolutely clean. Keeping it that clean will be something of a challenge considering another one of the strange doctor's instructions was that Mr. M should stay in bed for at least three days. I will do my best since my best is my duty.
"'June first.
"'Mr. M's cough is better today. The doctor came today, reapplied the foul smelling poultice to his chest, and complimented me on the manner in which I carried out his orders. I wasn't sure whether to be proud of the fact or taken aback because he seemed to imply that he had some sort of authority over me, which he does not. If anything, I will not let that fact bother me and let him, Doctor Wilaby is his name, think what he wants if he can restore Mr. M to proper health. His methods are strange but perhaps it is what is needed.'"
Sofia couldn't help but wonder if Dr. Wilaby had taken up residence in the area. He sounded like a very intelligent young man. It would do well to have a few nice young men visit. I should have to mention it to Mrs. O'Malley or maybe Maye Richards…
"'We also received a visit from Mr. Jason Eugene Astor and Mrs. Mary Renee Astor formerly Harold. They stopped in to bring Miss James and myself a piece of wedding cake and to apologize profusely for not being able to invite any of us at the Manor, especially Miss James and me, to the wedding. It was a small affair, Mary explained. Their families insisted on that and the wedding was held in Chicago. They couldn't afford it, but managed somehow. They both feel indebted to Miss James and me for "bringing them together" as Mary put it. Miss James and I shook our heads and laughed at that as we ate our cake after the happy couple left. It is not our intention for it to ever happen again, but being considered matchmakers once is quite nice.
"'June second.
"'I must say today has been the most agreeable day I have experienced in a long while. The weather was absolutely beautiful, almost like a spring day. I opened a few windows on the main floor to give the place a slight airing out. It is amazing how difficult those large windows are to open. They become quite stuck if not opened and closed every day as they generally are during the summer months. The exertion was good for me, causing blood to rush around my body in a most pleasing manner.
"'Mr. M was further improved today, as well. His cough is almost gone. Dr. Wilaby listened to his chest again and pronounced it clear. He did warn me not to open the windows in Mr. M's room, to indeed keep him out of drafts for at least another week no matter how good his health appeared. He said he would be return in a few days to make sure Mr. M's health stayed at its current condition and to make sure none of the staff become sick in the same manner. Dr. Wilaby is certainly a strange man, but his methods work. I fell into conversation today as he was giving me directions for Mr. M's care. I must admit Wilaby is a rather affable young man. He explained that his earlier discourtesy to me was just out of concern for his "patient," Mr. M. He is used to his advice not being carried out even when it is in the best interest of the person he is treating. This is generally because of his age and his method, he said. I was surprised to find out just how young he was! A mere twenty-five, he already has lines about his eyes and his hair is sprinkled with gray. If anything, I do believe Dr. Wilaby cares a great deal for those under his care and this, I am sure, makes all the difference. Mrs. Paterson brewed up some tea for him before he left.
"'Ah, the only thing that would have made this day better would have been another piece of Mr. and Mrs. Astor's wedding cake…'"
Josie came in through the door next to Sofia more quietly than Josie had ever come through any door. Sofia examined her daughter. Josie took her place next to Sofia. She stood straight and Sofia noticed she had changed her apron and pinned her hair. Sofia hadn't been expecting Josie for a while longer. The entrance itself was better than one Sofia could have made. None of the guests near the fireplace noticed. Mrs. Richards continued reading without a lapse.
"'June third.
"'A terrible, terrible storm hit last night and lasted all through today. While it has abated just recently, the rain is still falling with gusto. Needless to say, the guests were indoors all day.
"'Young Mr. Hanson did get caught in a deluge as he was seeing his sister Martha off. We tried to convince Miss Hanson to stay at least another day because of the storm but she could not be convinced. She is to meet her fiancé in Chicago and wished not to be late. Foolish girl, I fear her journey will not be a pleasant one. As for her brother, he has been coughing since Martha left. Perhaps Dr. Wilaby will be returning before he thought he might.
"'I also fear the wind has done some damage to our roof. As I sit here in my forth floor room, I can hear the tapping of water drops not against the roof, but my own ceiling! I will have to discuss this matter with Mr. M.
"'June fourth.
"'Oh, my dear readers, it is a horrible tragedy when young lovers are forever separated. Miss Martha Hanson died yesterday when her carriage over-turned into a ditch not far from the Manor. Young Mr. Hanson's cough has become so much worse since the news was broken to him. Charlie McWilliams found the carriage this morning on his way to town to get Mrs. Paterson her produce. He returned immediately to tell Mr. M. We fear for Mr. Hanson's health now. Dr. Wilaby will most certainly be sent for. There is also the matter of Miss Hanson's fiancé. We of the household wonder if he was properly notified, knowing that Mr. Hanson is not in a good frame of mind to do so. Mrs. Paterson spent half the day crying over the fate of beautiful Miss Hanson, whom she was quite fond of, and spent the other half of the day crying at the thought of Miss Hanson's poor intended waiting for her, not knowing what sadness would soon befall him. How terrible. I must say Mrs. Cavanaugh's reaction to the entire matter was the strangest. She was very opposed to Miss Hanson's departure yesterday. Today when she heard the news, she was quite angry with the girl for leaving. She nearly talked Mr. M into letting Miss Harold and her fiancé have the wedding here at the Manor. I must say it was a perfectly wonderful idea. The Manor could have used some of that joy within its walls. Unfortunately, all that it will have is sorrow.
"'June fifth.
"'Dr. Wilaby came today to tend to Mr. Hanson. He came in especially from Chicago, but I do believe his services will be well worth our while. I had already taken the initiative and thoroughly cleaned Mr. Hanson's room as Dr. Wilaby suggested I do for Mr. M during his illness. Although I was originally skeptical of such a method of treatment, I am willing to comply with anything that reaps results.
"'Dr. Wilaby also inspected Mr. M's health and unfortunately set off another panic by Mr. M. I had hoped that such a panic would not happen and had not until Mr. M realized our dear doctor was in the house again. Mr. M has decided this time to close the library. It comes as a great shock to us all. Other rooms he has closed were decidedly not in use but the library is where a good many of his guests gather, especially after dinner. He himself used to conduct most of his business dealings from the library. Business is now conducted through me, it seems. Mr. M stays mainly in his room, coming down for meals now that he is well again and receiving only a few business partners in the parlor. I have been given the responsibility of taking care of all of his correspondence. He has again ordered Mrs. M's furniture sold but Mrs. Cavanaugh has convinced him to keep it from here on out. The furniture will be stored in the attic.'"
"So that's why all that furniture is there!" It was the first interruption of the night and Sofia was not surprised that it came from Edwin O'Malley. It gathered a shush from his wife. Mrs. Richards lifted her gaze from the little green book.
"What do you mean, Edwin?" she asked.
"There's a house worth of furniture upstairs. Unfortunately most of it's ruined."
"That's a shame," Mr. Donavan added.
"Yes, the roof's in bad repair," said Mr. O'Malley.
"This is all terribly interesting, gentlemen," Rebecca O'Malley broke in, "but can we please get back to the book. Maye and I would like to finish some of it before it gets too late."
Mrs. Richards shot her friend a confused glance. She was interested in the possibility of the furniture upstairs. Like hearing Joseph Gibson mentioned, the furniture in the attic of this very house made Sofia more connected to the small green book that caused so much trouble the last few days.
She continued reading. "'It took a great many strong backs to move the furniture to the attic. It was not so much that the furniture was particularly heavy, there is simply a great deal of it. To fill the Manor's huge rooms, Mrs. M would use two and sometimes three sets of furniture, creating small oases of comfort within the larger room.
"'Until we moved the first settee to the attic I had forgotten about the possible roof damage from the storm. The tragedy surrounding the Hanson's overwhelmed everything, including a good servant's judgment. The roof was damaged more than I thought, and not all of it can be blamed on the treacherous storm of two nights ago. (I can't believe it has only been two nights!) I have notified Mr. M of the situation but he has not yet given me instructions for hiring a carpenter to take care of the problem.'"
"Looks like your uncle never got around to it, Edwin," Rebecca O'Malley murmured. "I hope it's not a trait that runs in the family."
Mr. O'Malley scowled and opened his mouth to speak. Sofia couldn't say she blamed him. Mrs. Richards broke in before further harsh words were said.
"Edwin," there was an urgency in her voice. She let the book close just keeping a finger in place. "I've been a terrible fool! This diary is about your family…"
Rebecca O'Malley and Evelyn Jones traded glances. Sofia herself suddenly knew what Mrs. Richards was getting at.
"Yes," Lucinda Harris added in from her seat, "it is quite improper for you to be reading this, Maye." Sofia was surprised that her voice was rather neutral instead of condemning.
"Oh no, Maye," Mr. O'Malley said, "don't worry. I can't take offense at you reading this. I didn't know my Aunt and Uncle very well. Barely knew the Manor existed. If anything, I'd like to know what happened to them. When the firm contacted me about the inheritance, no one could give me details about my uncle's death. If this sheds some light, I'd like to know."
"Are you sure, Edwin? There are some parts in here that are disturbing…" Mrs. Richards frowned at the diary.
It was easy for everyone to simply think of it as just a story. Strangely, it was more interesting to Sofia than the novels she had tried reading. Everyone had forgotten that it was written about real people who once lived in this house. The way Lucinda Harris carried on about it, you'd think it was her family!
"Disturbing!" exclaimed Evelyn Jones. She cast a horrified glance to Jane and Emily. The two sat as always, huddled together, entirely enwrapped by what was going on. Sofia glanced at Josie expecting the same from her daughter. Josie, while following the conversation, was alert. She glanced at her mother.
"Oh goodness, Evelyn," sighed Rebecca O'Malley, "I know for a fact that those girls have read Poe. Can we continue, Maye?" Mrs. Richards sniggered. The two girls squirmed under Evelyn Jones's shocked stare.
"Fine," said Mrs. Richards, "Where was I? June sixth? Does that sound right?"
"Yes," said her husband.
She nodded in agreement.
"'June sixth.
"'The day was incredibly routine, dear reader. I am sure that reading about the mundane correspondence I have written in a day, the silver I have polished, and the banisters I have dusted are less than exciting, especially since I have gone into great detail concerning such matters in previous volumes. So tonight, I will do something I have not previously done. I will attempt to give an accurate and detailed description of one of the Manor's guests. I have in the past given quick sketchy details of other persons in my staff but never anything in descriptive detail. I do it now as an exercise in writing, for
I wish to build some aptitude, and because this person has recently become a driving force within the Manor. Believe me, dear reader, when I say I mean no impropriety in giving a kind of word outline of this person.
"'Mrs. Cavanaugh is perhaps the tallest woman I have ever met. It might sound like a cliché out of one of Mrs. Paterson's novels, but she is the type of person who is akin to a willow tree. Her limbs often follow the rest of her body, a hand lingering within a room, on the doorframe say, when the rest of her person has left. In spite of her height, her face is rather round with large dark brown eyes, which are quite striking in contrast with her silvery gray hair. Mrs. Cavanaugh is not a young woman, but her face is free of most marks of age. She is a widow of five years, with a grown son and a daughter near the age of marriage. She has been a visitor to the Manor with her daughter, Samantha, for some time now. Samantha is a near double of her mother but shorter and with red hair. I knew Mr. Cavanaugh and his daughter has none of his traits except for the hair and blue eyes.
"'The Cavanaughs have been friends of the M family for more years than I have been in their employ. I dare say Mrs. Cavanaugh has a rather intimate relationship with Mr. M. I imagine the bond between them has become much stronger since the death of Mrs. M, both now having the death of a spouse in common. Recently, a change of temperament seems to come over Mrs. Cavanaugh. It may be quite wrong of me to comment on it. I will only because it has to do with this great house that I am such a part of. Over the last few weeks, she has become very concerned with the running of the Manor and, despite her position, has given Mr. M some suggestions for the further management of the estate. She asks me a great deal of questions. I simply reply that I am not at liberty to discuss such matters. She also becomes quite upset when a guest or employee wishes to leave. (As I said, she was angry at Miss Hanson's decision to leave and talked a maid who was planning to leave into staying.) She said nothing about Mr. and now Mrs. Astor's departure. Do not get me wrong; I like Mrs. Cavanaugh but she is, forgive me for saying, sometimes a very odd woman.
"'June seventh.
"'I have been neglecting an on-going story because I have been waiting for its resolution. That resolution came today. Since the marriage of Mr. Astor to Miss Harold, the staff has been without a maid and an under-butler. Immediately after their elopement, I asked Mr. M for permission to put out advertisements and "the word" for new employees.
"'A quick digression on "the word," gentle reader, since I am sure you do not know of what I speak. I only have to mention to a few people, say Charlie McWilliams and Mr. Baker, one of our farmers, that I need some new staff and soon all of Hearthberg and Chicago knows that the Manor needs new staff.
"'As I was saying, I asked Mr. M for his permission to seek new staff as I have always done in the past. Unlike similar instances in the past, Mr. M said I should wait for a while. I must say, along with his closing numerous of the Manor's rooms, this alarmed me. I have been patiently waiting for further instruction, but earlier today I asked again and he said that there would be no more staff hired at the Manor. This shook me and I was remiss in my duties for the rest of the day.
"'Somehow, (and I would like to know how information is passed around within the Manor so I could stop such a thing) Mrs. Cavanaugh found out about Mr. M's decision. She has said nothing to him or me about it that I know of, but she was very disgruntled at his decision.
"'June Eighth.
"'As I have mentioned, our dear Charlie McWilliams has been going to town to buy produce in response to Joseph Gibson's boycott. Mr. M has decided that it is probably for best if all the properties start paying a monetary rent instead of their traditional rent. The rent is bound to be high. Most of our farms are selling excellent produce to markets in town at rather good prices. The Manor will now have to pay those prices after the markets have made their profit. The rent will have to be high enough to pay for the produce the Manor needs. I fear Joseph Gibson might suddenly become an unfavored person among his peers. There is some doubt that Gibson will be able to pay the rent at all.'"
Mr. O'Malley groaned.
"Anything the matter?" Rebecca O'Malley asked. Sofia was certain the question was merely a wife's concern. The glower Mr. O'Malley sent her was certainly not warranted even if Mrs. O'Malley was testy tonight.
"Everything is peachy, my dear," he said. His voice was laced with sugar. "Read on, Maye."
"'June ninth.
"'Charlie has returned to us this morning with a magnificent wagon full of the best vegetables yet and also a bushel of strawberries which Mrs. Paterson promises to convert into her delicious pie. Charlie also returned with a tale that he took the most perverse joy in. Mr. and Mrs. Astor had something of a tiff. (I still have problems thinking of the two in such a manner, knowing them before they were "established.") Charlie came upon Jay at the stable where he currently works, asleep atop a bale of hay. Mrs. Astor asked that he take up such a residence after an action on Mr. Astor's part which I will refrain from repeating here.'"
Sofia thought she heard a sigh of disappointment coming from her daughter or one of the young ladies on the couch. She glanced again at Josie who was a statue of poise and dignity. Sofia wasn't sure this was her daughter at all.
"'I am after all a gentleman,'" Mrs. Richards was continuing, "'but I believe Mrs. Astor was in the right.
"'On the other hand, I do not find it a laughing matter as our Mr. McWilliams does. Charlie is quite young and has not mentioned seeing the same girl to Mrs. Paterson or me twice in as many months. Such a terrible breach of Mary Astor's trust I cannot abide. If Jay Astor were still under my supervision, I would most certainly dismiss him. I am very disappointed in his behavior. I must say the greatest shock of the day did come from Mrs. Paterson. When she was told the story, she chuckled. I admonished her and she only laughed again.
"' "Oh," she said to me, "you've never been married."
"' "No, I haven't, but certainly such a thing…" I began.
"' "The young lady will take him back by the end of next week," she said as though I were a young pupil doubting that Columbus would find dry land.
"'I simply sniffed at the entire circumstances, but it could be that Mrs. Paterson is correct. She was married for many years before entering into service here at the Manor. She is, of course, a widow. She often talks of her marriage, and I must say it has always sounded to me like something written of in novels. Do not misunderstand; not novels of encompassing heavenly love, but of the stormy affair of two strong willed people ultimately destined for one another. This is what I have heard is the contents of such women's novels. What those foul things do for the good of the intellect is a mystery to me.
"'June tenth.
"'I must admit I had an ulterior motive in my description of Mrs. Cavanaugh. If asked, I will plead innocent and burn this diary immediately. All in jest, I assure you. The good weather of the recent week has brought out my levity!
"'I hoped for quite some time that perhaps Mr. M and Mrs. Cavanaugh would find each other's company indispensable, more so than the friendship that they shared in past years. Mrs. Cavanaugh and her daughter have always been good friends to the M's, but now Mr. M and Mrs. Cavanaugh have an extra bond, one that makes the two supremely compatible. That was why I indulged and wrote about Mrs. Cavanaugh. I must say that over the last few days the two have been spending more and more time together. Mrs. Cavanaugh is a good influence on Mr. M. She brought him to come down for tea again, and they have taken lunch together in the country. She even convinced Mr. M to play the piano for us last night.
"'Mr. M has professed to me that he finds Mrs. Cavanaugh a great comfort to him. I was not surprised at all by it. After such a long and successful marriage, Mr. M is used to the gentle influence of a woman. I am sure, when absent, a man might miss those influences. I hope that Mrs. Cavanaugh can supply such to our dear Mr. M.
"'I do support Mrs. Cavanaugh in one very important respect. She is very adamant about Mr. M leaving the Manor intact. I will not feign to deny that my own best interests are served by this view, but I would not support it if it meant harm to Mr. M whether financial or personal. I believe with my whole heart that Mr. M is happier with the Manor functioning as it had before the death of Mrs. M. Perhaps in a very similar way, the charms of household ownership are like those of the feminine sex. Once a man has tasted them and become used to their presence in his life, he is not the same without them.'"
There was suddenly a wretched choking sound, and Lewis Donavan sat bolt upright. Sofia had noted a few minutes ago that Mr. Donavan had fallen asleep, but his snoring was soft enough to go undetected. The noise startled the entire group including Mr. O'Malley who was also dozing off.
"Goodness," Mrs. Richards said with concern and surprise. For once, it wasn't Her husband that was choking up a lung. "I think we'd better all call it a night."
Theresa Donavan went to her husband and patted him on the back. Still red-faced, Mr. Donavan's strangling cough subsided. "I heartily agree, Maye," he said.


Chapter Twenty-Four


"Damn," David muttered to himself.
The hunt was not going very well in anyone's estimation. The dogs had disappeared again. David could hear them barking ahead, not at all from the direction of the gentlemen. David still didn't know exactly what he was supposed to do in such situations, but he was beginning to think it was more the dog's fault than his. Why does O'Malley keep picking days like this, David thought sourly. The sky was darker than it had been a few days before. It rained that morning and mud stuck David's shoes to the ground. A wind tugged at his coat, but it hadn't taken on the penetrating cold of winter quite yet.
David nodded to himself. The landscaping around the house definitely needed to be improved. After a rain, the distinction between the driveway and the yard blurred into one expanse of mud. The yard contained slightly more clumps of grass. David didn't want to take on the outside of the house as an additional responsibility. It does look horrible. I suppose I'll get around to it eventually. The thought of "eventually" caused a stir in the pit of David's stomach. You proposed to her! That thought would stab its way into his mind at the most unlikely times. Josie was a pretty, sweet, kind girl with a mother David liked. There was no problem with that, but David's view of the future was murky. Much easier to know what you want to do when you're the only one to take into account.
David saw himself at the Manor for a very long while to come. He wasn't sure he cared for that, however pleasant the thoughts of Josie and Sofia were. O'Malley promised to hire on more help if only David would humor him for a little longer. In David's mind, "eventually" and "little longer" were the same lengths.
He wasn't far from the edge of the main property. The dogs were barking and howling nearby. David figured they were just beyond the drive, in the ditch along the road. That was where they kept congregating during the last failed hunt. There was something about that spot that kept attracting them.
He heard hoof beats. O'Malley and Donavan were not to be seen. They're easy enough to pick out in their hunting gear. The two reminded David of robins; one starved and scrawny, one gorged on worms. The dogs had taken off with the gentlemen, but gave the humans the slip after heading into the woods.
David found the dogs where he expected. From the road, they were a writhing mass of mud and beagle.
"Hey!" he shouted out. "Come here, boys."
He clucked his tongue a few times and slapped his legs but the dogs ignored him in favor of digging. David took one of the leashes he'd carried with him and looped it through its own handle. He waded down the embankment.
The dogs doubled their efforts, knowing they would soon be dragged away. One would occasionally snap if his neighbor moved too close.
"Come on now." David's stern voice made one of the lot sniff his way, but his feet didn't pause for an instant. What are they digging up?
David saw the red bit of clothing before anything else. A chill passed through him that was unrelated to the damp.
He managed to get the leash around one of the dogs and pull him away. The other dogs filled in his gap before David could catch sight of anything else. He fiddled with another leash, trying to lasso another dog. The beagle he'd already captured lunged forward to resume digging and pulled David in after him. David yanked the dog away, shortening the leash. "Damn it! Get back here."
David managed to pull another dog away before O'Malley and Donavan finally burst from the woods in an explosion of red coats and leaves.
"Over here, quickly!" David shouted.
He saw what the dogs were intent on digging up. An icy wind rose and filled his senses.

* * * * *

The morning had been routine, but routine in an eerie sameness of days that left Sofia uneasy. Maybe it's because it reminds me of my Aunt Maria and her Victrola. Sofia's Auntie owned only one record for the player. Growing up, Sofia could count on the fact that every day, exactly when the clock stopped chiming noon, Aunt Maria would put on that record and dance around the parlor to the record twice. "It didn't matter who was there or whether they were company or not," Sofia said to herself. "Everyone knew she was crazy as a loon, but the repetition made the rest of us as crazy."
The unease grew in Sofia all day and she nearly had a mind to speak of it to Mrs. Donavan.
Sofia shook her head over the sink of muddy potatoes. They were the last of the produce from Joseph Gibson brought a few days ago.
The repetition went beyond the sink of potatoes. Sofia had lived this very morning before.
Edwin and Rebecca O'Malley and Maye Richards gathered for breakfast. All appeared tired and strangely nervous. Mr. and Mrs. O'Malley argued with each other about finances. Maye had been awake all night taking care of Mr. Richards and debated returning to Chicago. There was talk of a hunt again and the impending rain. David was grumpy and put out by the fact that he'd become horse and dog boy again. Josie was nowhere to be seen. The men went on their hunt, the women to their respective corners of the house, none getting along too well. All morning Sofia held her breath in anticipation of a muddied Lucinda Harris to come bursting in from outside demanding hot cocoa.
Lucinda Harris joined the rest by tea. Things seemed better between her and Mrs. Richards after the little talk yesterday. "As well as can be expected, I suppose," muttered Sofia.
Whatever had been said, the guests of the Manor took to treating Miss Harris as something of an invalid. They weren't exactly patronizing her, but they were using the certain amount of treacle that one uses with a spoilt child. "Surprising, ," Sofia muttered, "I wouldn't have thought Miss Harris the type to take that kind of treatment." Lately she was as unsure of Miss Harris. The thought of Lucinda Harris' outbreak in the hallway still gave Sofia the chills.
A gust of wind rocked the Manor. Wisps of cold air curled around her ankles from under the scullery door.
Sofia heard the teapot whistling in the kitchen and bustled to answer it. She put the tea on a service tray along with a few biscuits. Hopefully Josie would tear herself away from the reading in the parlor to get tea for the guests. If she doesn't, I'm inclined to take a mixing spoon to her! Josie appeared by ten, and Sofia sent her off to do some cleaning and then to attend to tea. Despite the sink full of potatoes, she wasn't in the mood to leave the kitchen. Sofia didn't quite trust that the work she gave Josie had been done. "My dear, your daughter has lost her head over a boy," Sofia sighed.
Josie came in to get the tea and asked, "Mother, have David and the other gentlemen returned from their hunting trip yet?"
"Josie, must you constantly ask about David?" The words left Sofia's mouth before she could stop them. The suddenly hurt expression on Josie's face made Sofia wish she had bitten off her own tongue instead of letting the question escape.
Josie's face hardened a fraction, but she said levelly, "Mrs. O'Malley wished to know if her husband was back yet." Before Sofia could reply or apologize, Josie swung around, not quite losing a biscuit from the tray and left the kitchen.
Sofia sighed again. "Heaven help those taking tea today."
Shaking her head, she started scrubbing another potato. "I don't know why I said that to her. The two are in love, I suppose. It happens all the time to two people thrown together." Sofia nodded in agreement with herself. "Angelo and I would have never met if he hadn't been employed at the household next door. You leave it to Fate to put two people together and let Cupid do the rest, my grandma used to say." Still, what was to become of them? Or herself?
It was not Lucinda Harris that bounded through the door to startle Sofia, but David. He was red faced with exertion, panting worse than a dog on a hot day.
"My word, David! What's wrong?"
"We…" He heaved a few more times before he could go on. "Sofia," he placed his hands on her arm in a gesture Sofia knew was somehow supposed to be comforting. With his bloodshot complexion, it didn't help. "The dogs dug up a body just outside the main property along the ditch."
"Oh, my," she said. His hands still clutching her arm, she led him to the dining room. "Sit down, you poor boy." She wanted to sit herself.
"They wanted me to come to the house and keep the ladies from going out. Mr. O'Malley was afraid they might be planning another picnic and come upon…" David recovered his breath, but shook his head, now speechless.
Sofia returned to her feet now wanting to move more than sit. Her body tingled all over. I knew all day that this was going to happen. I knew it! She went to the kitchen and brought David a glass of water. He looked beaten and tired.
"Sofia, I've never seen a dead man before," he told her.

* * * * *

Lucinda skipped through the house. From one room to the next straight through the walls and over holes in the floor, she played her own version of hopscotch. The tune in her head provided the onesy-twosy. She changed from her corseted fashion to a gingham dress and let her hair be braids. Occasionally she would whirl around, arms wide. There was a freedom to it, being able to careen around such a great big house.
As a girl, Lucinda would have loved the naughtiness of it all. There was only hollowness now. Lucinda wasn't sure if it was because she was older or because she was no longer alive. It amazed her how calmly she could think about the fact that she was dead. Under all the music in her head, there was still a small part of her hysterical at the thought. She could hear it rave if she listened very closely, but she didn't do that often. She didn't want to think about what had happened or what she was going to do. Not yet. She certainly didn't want to think about Robert and ponds, or Mother's voice, or Grandmother, or…
Lucinda tripped into the west room with the large hole in the floor. She crossed it without considering it. Below she could see O'Malley and his loud friend riding off on their horses. They look ridiculous in their breeches.
She shook her head. She had never liked Edwin. He was too English, caught up in class and money. Why did Becky ever marry such a sort? Lucinda sniffed to herself. All in all, Lucinda supposed Edwin O'Malley wasn't so terrible. Rebecca had never quite been the free spirit she and Maye had been. Grandmother changed all that. Her mother, brother, and grandmother pleaded for her to come home, but Lucinda preferred to stay now. No matter what, this house was certainly better than anywhere they were. Lucinda pulled herself from the window. It was so cold out. No leaves against such a gray sky. The men were fools to go hunting today.
Lucinda let herself sink to the parlor. They were all there, including it. Well, all except Edwin and Lewis.
"Are you sure?" Maye was asking.
Lucinda almost left of the room. There were always the lovers to spy on… Then she saw that Maye was holding the green diary in her lap. Did she intend to read? If Lucinda had thought of it earlier, she would have followed Maye, and read over her shoulder when Maye first read the diary. She would have known by now what secrets it held. Now she had to wait for it to be fed to her like the rest of the Manor's guests. There you were skipping around the house like a fool! You might have missed something!
"We can't be expected to sit around and do nothing all day, Maye," Rebecca replied. "Edwin and Lewis were not that interested in the diary anyway. I'm sure they won't mind if we read some this afternoon."
"Besides, Maye," said Benton, "We need to go home to Chicago soon…" He smiled shyly from where he was bundled with blankets on a cream-colored settee. He sounded hoarse and tired and didn't appear much better. Maye nodded.
Lucinda knew Benton wanted to stay until Maye finished her reading. Maye loved reading and Benton loved hearing her read. At the very least, Benton loved Maye. Maye was not unmindful of Benton's need to leave this drafty house.
"Yes, let's," she said crisply.
The doppelganger let out a sigh. Lucinda ignored it. It sat in the chair next to the two pale girls who were embroidering, or rather pricking their fingers. Lucinda couldn't see the signs of age on it that was so blatant at other times. The shadow was there like an oily halo, but the wrinkles weren't.
"That's thing for my benefit only, yes?" She wasn't sure if she was asking it or her own mind. It didn't matter anymore. There was no one else to talk to except for it and herself.
"Lucinda?" Maye asked.
"I would just hate for the men to insist that you read a section again because they have missed it. No offense, Maye but the diary is rather slow going," it concluded with a slight smile that made Lucinda's pulse race. Lucinda would have said in a situation when she was subtly trying to persuade someone to do things her way. That was the exact smile Lucinda would have used. For an instant, she almost believed she was looking at herself. The dark shadow was still there oozing restlessly over the body's features.
"This has gone too far," she murmured.
"I don't think that's likely to happen," Rebecca said curtailing the soothing words from Maye. There was still animosity between Becky and the thing even if Maye had made her peace with it. An epiphany hit Lucinda. Maye was the one that insisted on her invitation. Rebecca had little to do with it. Lucinda still considered Becky her friend, despite harsh words with Becky over her marriage to Edwin. The feeling was not reciprocal. "Besides," said Rebecca, "if anything happens that the gentlemen would be interested in, we'll just let them know at dinner." The doppelganger gave a stiff smile, but did not disagree.
Lucinda's realization made the room smaller, tighter. The dark carved mantle loomed evilly, negating the brightening effect of the windows. The gray clouds outside pressed firmly against the panes. Lucinda wanted to take off again and dance, to forget all the hurts the people in the room represented. "If I had lived longer, maybe…" She knew it was a lie, but it made her angry that the possibility had been taken from her.
"Yes, and besides, Lewis fell asleep during your fabulous reading last night," said Evelyn Jones. She threw a scandalized glare at Theresa Donavan.
Maye gathered her book and rolled her eyes. Lucinda smiled. Waking Lewis had been interesting… Her smile broke when she noticed the other Lucinda watching her, as it had last night. Lucinda retreated to the dim light of the window.
"'June eleventh,'" Maye began. Her voice cracked and she took a drink from the cup of tea. "'Generally I am rather perturbed when a guest arrives unexpectedly and unannounced. To me, it is the rudest thing that one who considers themselves a part of genteel society can do aside from not showing a lady proper respect. Miss James once relayed to me that one of her younger maids called me "old world." What she meant by it I do not know, but if it means believing that some virtues should be upheld, I will gladly admit to the title.'"
"Can you imagine!" the doppelganger interrupted. "This house with more than the cook, the girl, and the boy."
"Their names are Sofia, Josie, and David respectively," Rebecca said. "They do very good work, but Edwin does have plans to hire a few others."
"Then you intend to stay?" it questioned.
"Well of course we do, Lucinda," said Rebecca. "We never had other intentions."
Maye cleared her throat quietly and both women discontinued their conversation. They held each other's gaze for several minutes longer as Maye continued to read
"'Today we received an unexpected and unannounced guest but I can only express the deepest sorrows for him. You will remember the tragic events surrounding that awful storm. Mr. Hanson recovered soon after the accident and his sister's tragic death. He has chosen to remain here at the Manor. He has always been a friend of the Cavanaughs, as well as the M's, and will remain here as long as they do. Our visitor was not here to visit him, but to visit the place beautiful Miss Hanson called home for the last few weeks of her life. The dearly departed's fiancé arrived with Charlie's wagon this morning. From the moment I saw him, I feared for his health. He is tall but so slight and pale.
"' "I'm Mr. Carpenter, sir, Helene's intended. Please, sir," he addressed me, "I only wish to be where she was last. I require nothing else."
"'Of course, this would not do. Mrs. Paterson and I immediately gave him breakfast before the rest of the house was awake. We had to "hog tie" him as Charlie put it later. I wonder at Mr. McWilliams manner of speech sometimes.
"'After the rest of the household breakfasted, I introduced Mr. Carpenter to Mr. M and the rest of the guests. Mr. M greeted him warmly, which I was grateful for. He and Mrs. Cavanaugh took the young man out with them on their afternoon trip. For the rest of the time, Mr. Carpenter roamed about the house, haunted and lost. Luckily, he is young and his heart will mend. Mr. M could be proof that an aging heart, pardoning me for saying it, can mend.
"'June twelfth.
"'We insisted the he stay for the rest of the week at the very least, but Mr. Carpenter was gone this morning. He went to Hearthberg with Charlie. Before he left, he told me he thought the Manor a very lovely place. "It would be infinitely more beautiful if it could only throw off the sadness that is drowning it," he told me. While he may have only been talking from his own perspective of grief, I can't help but agree. Despite Mr. M's recent lightening, there is still a gloom that settles around this stately house's foundations. I have given up trying to find its cause or dispel it. I have heard some older, esteemed butlers comment on such a happening when a house has seen so much sadness that it becomes depressed itself. My belief is while Mr. M may have finally overcome the loss of his wife, the Manor may never overcome the loss of its favored lady.'"
"Have you ever thought that maybe this house might be haunted, Becky?" said the doppelganger. The comment elicited nervous whimpers from Jane and Emily.
"Don't be ridiculous, Lucinda." blustered Evelyn. "What would possibly make you think of asking that?"
The impostor aimed a distasteful smirk at the spinster. "The diary just mentioned a sadness that hangs over this house. Certainly, you have noticed it, haven't you?"
"We don't need more of your horrible tales, Miss Harris," Evelyn replied. "You needn't give these poor girls more bad dreams." She motioned to the sisters who were frozen in different motions of their needles. Both seemed shocked to find that the other was having nightmares.
"What kind of dreams did my tale give you, Evelyn?" The doppelganger kept her voice even and almost pleasant. "Anyone with an open mind realizes there is more to this world than meets the eye. Ghosts might exist, but the open mind also knows not to fear them."
"You, with your Dr. Freud, would believe in such nonsense," Evelyn spat. Her face was red and her ample body shook with the effort of speech.
"It is nothing to take lightly," said Theresa Donavan. Her accented voice was quiet in comparison to everyone else's. "Where I come from, our minds are open enough to accept the existence of spirits caught on this earth. We are informed enough to fear them. They are never happy and always dangerous."
Theresa silenced the room with this. No one said anything else on the matter aside from Lucinda, but no one that mattered would have heard. "You speak about me, Theresa. I'm not dangerous…" she whispered. Certainly, I am not… 
"I'm going to abbreviate the next few entries," Maye said finally. Her voice was a strong wind that blew away not only the silence but the previous conversation. Lucinda wished she could be heard. There was so much to say on the subject. She had firsthand knowledge! "This is a combination of June thirteenth and fourteenth.
"'My assumptions about Mrs. Cavanaugh have been correct! I am no better than Mrs. Paterson lording over a piece of gossip that only she knows. With that admission, forgive me! I would be ashamed if it were not for the great effect Mrs. Cavanaugh is having on Mr. M. He is in the past week a changed man. He has neither sniffled nor coughed nor had one melancholy day in bed. In fact, he and Mrs. Cavanaugh have enjoyed many beautiful days out of doors. That seems to be the place that is particularly theirs. He has arranged a meeting between him and me about matters of the house. I cannot express how much my spirits have been uplifted!
"'June fifteenth.
"'One person's roses are another's thorns. To my deficit, I have failed to noticed that as Mrs. Cavanaugh and Mr. M have been getting on so much the better, Mrs. Cavanaugh's daughter, Samantha, has been suffering. She and her mother have always been close, so much more since Mr. Cavanaugh's death. The two were always inseparable and of such like interests that you could mistake them for friends rather than mother and child if not for age. The two would take turns reading to one another on quiet nights. The rest of the guests would also be in attendance, but the two only read for each other. "Miss Samantha has been greatly upset since her mother is spending more time, almost all her free time, with Mr. M and so much less time with her daughter. I can see that Samantha feels very much slighted. Mrs. Paterson believes she is jealous, not only for her own sake but also for her departed father whom Mr. M is replacing in her mind. As I said earlier, I was unaware of young Miss Cavanaugh's strife until today.
"'Today there was a figurative explosion between mother and daughter. Luckily, the other guests and Mr. M took a small day trip to town. I am glad that my deficit did not cause anxiety for them. Had I known of Miss Cavanaugh's unrest, I would have done everything in my powers to smooth her displeasure. If that was not possible, then to isolate problems that might have arisen. As Mrs. Cavanaugh is neglecting her daughter, so is Mr. M neglecting his guests. It was Mrs. Cavanaugh's suggestion that he spend some time with them and take a trip to town, but I also believe she wanted to confront her daughter in private. Many harsh words were exchanged, many more on Mrs. Cavanaugh's part than her daughter's. I didn't think such thoughts could enter a woman's head, much less that of Mrs. Cavanaugh. I wanted very much to step in then, but it is certainly not my place. I very much regret not realizing such a problem was festering under the roof I manage.
"'Ultimately, Mrs. Cavanaugh has sent her daughter away to an uncle in Chicago. She leaves tomorrow. What a terrible chain of events for such close women. Mrs. Paterson made an ironic comment. "Isn't it strange that Mrs. Cavanaugh, who was so worried about guests staying at the Manor, should send her daughter away after such a minor argument?" I was perplexed at the thought of their argument being minor.
"'June sixteenth.
"'The meeting with Mr. M did not go well. I was expecting a simple meeting about household subjects. The type of meeting that has been lamentably absent lately. This was not one of those meetings… Mr. M has, after much deliberation he assured me, decided to close the Manor for once and for all. He is considering selling the house and the lands around it. He is sure he could maintain the property without using it, but is unwilling. The only upkeep would be the collection of rent from the farmers. He regrets it does mean letting us, the faithful staff, "go our own ways," as he put it. He intends to propose marriage to Mrs. Cavanaugh and move to Boston with her. He has not informed her of his decision yet. Pardon me if my telling is lack-luster. I have never received such a disappointment in my life.
"'June seventeenth.
"'It was a very, very busy day today and one full of many surprises. The Manor was in a bustle all day. The picnic Mr. M planned turned out to be much more of a grand event than anyone, including myself, anticipated. In the past few weeks or so, Mr. M and Mrs. Cavanaugh have gone on several picnics. They have always been small quaint affairs; one might call them romantic. Indeed, it was assumed that this picnic would be no different. At breakfast, Mr. M, in quite an enthusiastic mood, decided to invite all the guests. I would agree that the announcement of the Manor's demise is news worthy of a grand affair.
"'I must say here that I kept the knowledge Mr. M imparted to me a secret from all. As I have mentioned in the past, gossip spreads through our small household like wildfire. I told no one, not even Mrs. Paterson, especially not Mrs. Paterson. There were questions asked about my melancholy, which I simply parried, pleading illness. I am rather shocked that Mr. M did not inform Mrs. Paterson and Miss James of his decision. They will find out soon enough…
"'The picnic did not go as Mr. M planned. The entire party returned to the Manor in ill humor. Mrs. Cavanaugh did not take Mr. M's suggestion of closing the Manor favorably. Silently, I must raise a cheer to her! I considered such a possibility when Mr. M told me of his plan. It was not my place to mention such a thing to him, however. Mrs. Cavanaugh has taken a very great liking to our dear sweet house despite its lingering gloom. In many ways, her attitude reminds me of a maid who was employed here for a great number of years. Charlotte was always overstepping her bounds to suggest to Mrs. M great festivities that could be held at our grand mansion. Miss James and I used to berate her for bothering her employers with such trivialities. She would never answer back to us but give us the queerest stare. I swear I've seen the very same expression from Mrs. Cavanaugh when she has interrogated me and I have given no answer. Anyway, you may remember that a few months ago, Charlotte announced she would be leaving service. She promised…'"
"Oh, let me skip this part." Maye broke from her story-telling voice. She seemed annoyed with the book suddenly.
"No, Maye, keep reading," Lucinda whispered though she knew her friend couldn't hear her. Maye fingered through several lines and started again. Lucinda kept reading over Maye's shoulder, while still trying to pay attention to the words Maye read.
She promised to stay until we found her replacement but then abruptly went missing one morning. We never heard a word from her again, Lucinda read. That was the only thing Maye skipped. Lucinda feared Maye was editing as she read. What had she not read? "How am I supposed to put it all together if you leave out pieces…?"
"'In any case, Mrs. Cavanaugh was very upset with Mr. M,'" Maye read, "even if he proposed marriage to her, Mr. M is adamant about leaving the Manor. He wishes to start new with Mrs. Cavanaugh, leaving "all the ghosts of this manor behind." They were not speaking to each other when they arrived. Mr. M's color was deficient, and Mrs. Cavanaugh looked older and more worn than I have seen her. The other guests milled restlessly throughout the house, not quite knowing what else to do. They hampered my work for the rest of the day.
"'Dinner was very tense and there was some talk by a few of the guests of packing the next day to leave. Mrs. Cavanaugh tried to assure everyone that nothing was truly the matter. Mr. M cough bothered him again. After dinner, the guests excused themselves off to bed, leaving only Mr. M and Mrs. Cavanaugh. She sat in glacial silence until one of Mr. M's worse coughing fits. Then she erupted. She blamed Mr. M for all the woes of her life and accused him of simply wanting to marry her for her money. "How could you possibly want to get rid of this home!" she shouted. I chose to intervene at that point. I generally try to stay out of the personal affairs of my employer, but his coughing was increasing with her fury. Mr. M couldn't breathe! I decided that, for the betterment of my master's health, all should turn in for the night. It took every ounce of firmness in my being to convince Mrs. Cavanaugh of that.
"'It is strange how people change the longer you are acquainted with them. Circumstances change people in the oddest ways. I speak not only of the outbursts I would have never thought would come from the lips of Mrs. Cavanaugh, but also of Mr. M's behavior. Recent events have changed him so much I doubt I would have recognized him if one were to describe him by behavior. … I must be to bed now.'"
"There are several days of entries missing," Maye said. She smiled mischievously. "I must warn you the narrative becomes disjointed here and events become strange. I do wonder if our dear diarist isn't skewing the perspective of what went on. He has an almost unnatural relationship with his occupation."
"The man certainly loved his work," said Benton.
"Yes," said Maye. She glanced around the room. As usual, no one else seemed to be reveling in what Maye and Benton found particularly interesting. She took a deep breath.
"'June twentieth.
"'You must forgive me, reader, for not writing. Mr. M has taken to his bed again. I am afraid his health is rather dire. Of course, I sent for our young Dr. Wilaby who has been so helpful in the past with his very modern methods. He is very frustrated. He swears there is nothing at all physically wrong with Mr. M that he can detect. He did admit there was much he did not know. This shocked me and caused me to lose a bit of faith in his abilities. Perhaps it is just his youth showing. I digress…
"'The good doctor has asked me to keep watch over Mr. M, to let him know if his state should change. I had already assumed that responsibility. My days have been especially long and I am drained of the energy to keep this meager diary. The only appreciable amount of time I have free is when Mrs. Cavanaugh comes to relieve me, so to speak. She and Mr. M have come to favorable agreement with each other. I see her as my ally and hope she can lift Mr. M's spirit from where they have sunk.'"
"How terrible it is…," said Rebecca.
The wind outside buffeted the house and Maye had needed to raise her voice. "The poor man's heart must have been broken."
Becky had a sad gleam in her eyes and Lucinda wondered if it had to do with Edwin. The two were rather tense around each other lately. It was no surprise that Rebecca and Edwin did not agree sometimes, but their disagreement this time manifested itself in icy silence. That was unusual to Lucinda's mind. The two generally indulged in unsightly public arguments, but somehow the witnesses only remembered the content of such discussions.
"I wonder if the gentlemen will be back soon. The weather is frightful," Evelyn said as she craned forward for a better view from the window. "Maybe I should wait for them," said Maye. "We're getting to the good part." She smiled in an effort to lighten the mood.
The parlor was darker. Lucinda wasn't sure if it was because of the increase in clouds outside that threw the Manor into premature dusk, or if it was the way she was perceiving things. With only her will, the room lightened, but only to her eyes. At least I assume only my eyes.
She cast a glance at the impostor. It didn't react, but Lucinda didn't expect it to. The thing seemed determined to play its role as Lucinda flawlessly from here on out. Lucinda wanted to kick herself. Why did I tell it that it was failing…? I've ruined everything.
It narrowed its eyes at Maye. "Why don't we just keep on since you've gone this far, Maye? It's almost interesting and now you propose we stop?" it said.
"Yes," said Maye. "I suppose I'll just keep going. 'June twentyfirst.
"'Gentle reader, protect me from the devils that reside in this house.'"
The group jumped in their seats as the parlor door burst open. The lights in the hallway were lit, but in the dark interior of the parlor, the only thing the guests could see was the outline of a woman.
"Oh! It's Mrs. M!" Evelyn cried out.
"Nonsense," laughed Maye.
Josie came through the parlor door, her eyes wide, apparently wondering what caused such a ruckus amongst the occupants of the parlor. "I'm sorry to interrupt," she said in a calm voice, "but I was wondering if I should bring tea?"
"Please do, Josie," Benton answered. He held out his cup from his morning coffee and Josie efficiently crossed the room to take it.
"Josie, have the gentlemen returned from their hunt yet?" Rebecca asked.
"I don't believe so. I'll inquire with my mother."
"Thank you."
Josie gave a little bob that passed for a curtsey and left.
"There is something quite different about her today," Rebecca commented on her leaving.
"I would think," said Theresa in her Old World tone, "that it is that she is in love."
"Really?" Maye practically squealed.
"Oh yes! David asked her to marry him." Emily was now blushing, so Lucinda deduced that was who had spoken.
"How wonderful for them!" Maye said.
"But don't say anything," Jane added. "I'm not sure if things have been worked out with her mother."
"Oh, how terrible for them!" Rebecca laughed. "I'm sure it will work out. They are a handsome couple."
Josie reappeared then carrying the serving tray and the room fell into a an uncomfortable silence. Josie did seem to notice. She served everyone quickly before taking a spot by the door.
"Can we please resume our reading now, Maye?" Lucinda was surprised to hear the voice of the other. Maybe it has nothing to do with the diary… Lucinda shook her head. I don't know anymore what's real and what is not. First it wanted the diary gone, now it wants it read…
"Ah, yes," said Maye. "Here's where I was…
"'June twenty-first.
"'Do not misunderstand me; I do not speak of the preternatural or phantasmagoric. The devil in this house is nonetheless real, I assure you. May its soul be damned. I shudder to write of these events. I am uncertain if it would be proper of me. My mind is on the edge of madness and I hope to be forgiven my impropriety.
"'I must relate to you something I held back at the time of Mrs. M's death. I did not wish to speak of it then. Not only was the idea of putting it into words painful to me, I feared if Mr. M found that I committed the events to paper, it would be my undoing. At present, I have no choice but to recall those events in relation to those of this night. I fear for my soul and sanity and hope that this writing will keep me intact.
"'My god! I do not know how to carry on. How difficult this is! Several months past, our dear, generous, beautiful and pure Mrs. M died prematurely. I do not mean just illness had taken her. Mrs. M was ill but that is not what took her from us. Mr. M found her body. I was dusting in the library when I heard a sound like none I have ever heard before. The closest thing to it is the sound of the wolves we hear sometimes from the woods beyond the property. They never come near the house, they just howl ghoulishly from afar. The sound I heard from the library was a thousand times more terrible. I am ashamed to admit I was rooted to my spot, my every muscle frozen. Sense returned quickly.
"'Was there some intruder in the house? Had someone come to harm; these sounds wails of pain? I did not know. Someone had come to harm, but not as I had thought. I rushed through the hallway, up the hall stairs, the terrible, terrible noise becoming louder with my every step. I could almost discern the ghoulish wail belonged to Mr. M but perhaps I am only imposing my later perspective on the event. I tripped over them as I came to the second story landing. The sound was above me and then suddenly below me, at my feet. It was deafening like all the souls of hell crying out.
"'The landing was covered with blood. Mr. M was crumpled over his wife's body, hers as limp as a rag doll. He pressed her against him and her arms and head lolled away, life having nothing to do with them anymore. Her eyes were wide open. The reaper had taken her by surprise. A thick, red-purple bruise stretched from the furthest corner of one eye to the other. The bridge of her nose was caved in, her eyes bloodied. Mrs. M's eyes had always been her most beautiful feature, startlingly light under her dark hair. Now they looked like two peeled tomatoes. Oh, please forgive me for speaking so!
"'I sit down and write because I must. Mr. M… I did not know that a human voice could make such a sound. It was unholy and obscene. Mrs. Cavanaugh, her daughter, and some of the other guests were gathered on the stairs to the third floor. They all were paralyzed by the sight.
"' "Please!" I hissed at Mrs. Cavanaugh. "Take them away!"
"'I must say I have never been rude to a guest of the Manor, but on that day I was shaken to my bones. I have always believed that in times of need a person returns to the principles of his life. Since I was very young, my father, who was also a butler, instilled in me the need to protect one's employer. Not only his reputation, but in all ways how he appears to others.
"' "Sir! Sir!" I remember shouting many times. I was thankful for Mrs. Cavanaugh for she herded the other guests up stairs away from the scene. Mrs. Paterson sent Charlie McWilliams for a doctor immediately.
"'I don't know how, but I finally managed to call Mr. M to his senses and took him away from the body. The sounds of grief abated though he was far from consolable. The doctor came soon after. His conclusion, a very logical one, was that Mrs. M rose, and in some illness induced dementia, fell and broke her neck on the stairs.'"
Lucinda was enraptured. Maye's voice rose with the telling, as did the wind. Her tone was perfectly controlled and dramatic. Lucinda wondered idly about the portrait upstairs, the woman with its eyes rubbed out. The diarist hasn't mentioned it but I wonder if Mr. M was crazed on that evening and destroyed it. Haunted by her eyes…
"'Today, gentle reader, I hold evidence to the contrary!'" Maye performed with all the dignity of an actress coming out for her encore. The members of her audience were on the edge of their seats. Emily and Jane had put aside their embroidery and Evelyn didn't notice. Only the doppelganger seemed bored with the proceedings.
"'Passing by Mr. M's room today, I heard a jovial laugh. Mistakenly, I assumed it was Mr. M, that Mrs. Cavanaugh brought him out of his melancholy. I paused at the door when I heard it again.
"' "Yes, dear. I did," a voice said. Oddly, I didn't recognize it at first. "I keep telling you. I did it." The voice was Mrs. Cavanaugh's, to my surprise. There was a quality to it, a huskiness that I had never heard before. To my further shock, I could also hear weeping from beyond the door, a soft, mournful sound. I instantly knew it as Mr. M's. After the death of his wife, I heard it many times coming from his room.
"'I peered through the crack in the door. Mrs. Cavanaugh sat on the edge of Mr. M's bed. Her posture was relaxed, suggesting a woman at ease. She leaned with one arm over Mr. M's legs. He lay reclined against the backboard of the bed, propped against pillows. I could not see his face; her body was in the way. The curtains in the room were closed, as were the windows. The stuffiness hung in the air along with the pallid light.
"'With a light laugh, I could hear her repeat, "I did it." She was taunting him with it. A muffled "No" came among the sobs. Mrs. Cavanaugh then uttered three words that sent a horrified shock through my body.
"' 'I pushed her."
"'She said them clearly, enunciating every syllable, every consonant. Once again, I was rooted to my spot. I wanted to be away from the door, lest I be found out, but I could not force my legs to move for fear of making some noise that would also be my undoing. With the irrationality of a child, I closed my eyes.
"' "Obviously, you want to hear it again, my dear," her husky voice said again.
"' "No," the small reply.
"' "And again and again…" Yes, the voice was taunting. "You want to know how I hit her, how I pushed her…"
"'Mr. M let out something of a wail that was abruptly cut off.
"' "Yes. She never knew why and neither will you." It was then that I heard the rustle of skirts. It was enough to make my body work again and I jumped, thank God, silently from the door. I was sure I was going to be caught and my heart was quite visibly beating in my chest. I made my way as stealthy as possible to the servants' stairs. I did not move quickly for fear of making noise. As a butler, one learns to move quietly and inconspicuously. My skills served me well. I hesitated just inside the stairway door, keeping it cracked.
"'My retreat was premature for it was quite a while before I saw Mrs. Cavanaugh leave Mr. M's room. I went about my business the rest of today as normally as possible. I tried not to think about what I witnessed and tried to the best of my abilities to avoid Mrs. Cavanaugh. I feared knowledge might show on my face.
"'What am I to do? Such an overheard admission is no proof at all. America has been made great by its justice system, but there are so many issues of class that will never be overcome. My word does not carry much weight in the grand scheme of things. The sudden horrible change in Mrs. Cavanaugh… I cannot imagine it! Compare, gentle reader, what I have written of her in the past, and what I know of her now? She can't be the same person and her former reputation will hold sway over what I know for truth if I were to tell anyone.
"'What am I to do…?'"
"Oh, my!" It was Jane's voice or perhaps Emily's. Lucinda couldn't be sure which by sound alone. She couldn't look away from the other Lucinda's eyes. A piece fell into place in Lucinda's mind. The melody in her mind suddenly had a harmony to it, one that wound above and below the tune like a serpent.
"It was you," Lucinda said. The other did not acknowledge her.
"How long have you been here?" Its gaze flicked lightly at Lucinda and then to the parlor door. David stood in the doorway, very pale and tired. Josie's hands fluttered from where they were against her sides, but she caught herself before she moved and did not go to him.
"What has happened?" Rebecca asked. There was a tinge in her voice Lucinda had never heard before. Lucinda realized it was fear.


Chapter Twenty-Five


David shut his eyes against his long day. His body melted into the feather comforter of his bed. He pulled the woolen blankets to his chin. His mother gave him the comforter when he left home. It smelled faintly of hickory and dried flowers and something else David couldn't quite name. It smelled of every childhood memory he had.
That was a welcome change. He didn't think he would ever get the smell of death from his nose. David and his father hunted and fished many times when he was younger. David had never been squeamish about cleaning game, but the smell of the body… There was something more pungent to it, an iron quality that caused David to think of his occasional nosebleeds. Blood ran down the back of his throat and the remains had smelled as that blood tasted. Just the thought sent David's stomach churning. He rolled to his side curled around a soft poof in the comforter.
The wind outside raged. The house shuddered against it, buffeting like something real and alive, like a cow standing in a meadow. David wondered about the roof. If O'Malley hadn't gone on his stupid hunt, I would have had all day to reinforce the roof before this storm hit.
David's thoughts were groggy. He was afraid that he might not sleep at all. You're a big boy, his mind told him, you can handle a little death in your day without falling apart… If O'Malley wouldn't have gone hunting, we wouldn't have found it. I wouldn't be worrying about sleep and the roof would be fixed.
The dogs worked furiously over the hole, digging and snapping at each other. At David too, in their greed. David hadn't immediately seen the dampened blood mixed with the mud. Oh no, David thought, one has cut its paw. O'Malley will bellow for sure. Why were they digging so? They snapped at each other in fear that there wouldn't be enough to go around. Digging for a nice tasty bone. They didn't make much noise either, working so hard over their chore to bother with barking or howling. David could hear the huffing of their breath, that sound of the paws in the dirt, the scrapping and tapping of their claws against bones. They ripped and tore at what was left of the body. They tore flesh, their claws etching on dry bone. The claws of one scrapped against something metallic. A long knife was pushed away from the furious digging. Bits of gore still stuck to its blade. The hounds ignored it, but not by David. It fixed itself in David's mind. The sound of a rake on stone, the sound of ravens on a fence, the sound of the claws releasing that smell into the air...
David woke with the sensation of the room throbbing around him in time with his heartbeat. Even with his eyes wide open in the darkness, he could still hear the dogs digging. It wasn't until the room stood still and the nightmare faded that he realized what he heard was sleet clawing against his window. He focused aurally on the outside of the house. The wind died some, but the world outside the Manor was filled with ice. It creaked through the bare branches of the trees and thickened the ground. It scratched at the Manor.
David rolled to his other side and saw light coming from the gap at the bottom of his door. David rose and pulled his top blanket around him.
Josie was standing in the hallway. She silently came into his room and didn't whisper until his door was closed.
"I was hoping you were awake. Are you all right?"
David tried to be angry with her for coming to his room again, alone, at night. He couldn't find annoyance.
"I'm fine," he said.
Josie hadn't fawned over David when he returned this afternoon. The rest of the day was so busy that neither of them had time to be with each other. Her eyes were so bright in the light of the candle she held. David wanted to kiss her and blot out the preceding day with her lips. He resisted and gave her a peck on her forehead instead. She just stood there as if memorizing his face. He never knew what to do when she did that.
"My mother told me I must be sensible," she whispered to him suddenly. She was contemplating something.
"Oh?"
"Yes," she said firmly. "Have you lost your head over me, David Sullivan?"
David almost collapsed laughing. He stifled his chuckles behind his hand. It would be a catastrophe if they were caught. She was serious. Her eyes were judging, evaluating his reaction. A frown darkened her face. He forced his mouth to stay still and swallowed his laughter.
"Of course, I have," he said to her. With a satisfied nod, she leaned forward and kissed him on the chin, the only part of his face within her reach.
"You better go," he whispered. He expected an argument, a pout, hesitation.
"I just wanted to be sure," she said. She touched him gently on the chest and left.
David watched her go. He wasn't quite sure what she wanted to be sure about. He was certain it was simply something only a woman's mind could conjure. He laid down again and fell into a more comfortable sleep with thoughts of when Josie would not have to leave.

* * * * *

Sofia traded glances with Lewis Donavan. He gave a shrug and an embarrassed smile. Both of them watched helplessly as his wife dashed back and forth across the room. She was muttering under her breath in a language Sofia did not understand.
Theresa Donavan was packing a chest. Sofia tried to help but Theresa nearly ran her over. She hadn't acknowledged Sofia was there.
The Manor was much colder today. The sleet stopped a little before Sofia woke. The sun was shining, but it was as cold as ever outside. Sofia had never lived this far west before. She hoped the winters here didn't start this early every year.
What a terrible place this would be if the winters lasted from November to March. The coldness worked its way into her bones last night. Most were protesting movement today.
Mr. Donavan peered out the window. "Dearest?" he said gently, trying once again to get his wife's attention. "I don't think we are going to be able to leave today." Theresa scowled, but did not falter in her pace. She made two more turns across the room before she faced them.
Mrs. Donavan eyes were sunken and she was haggard. "I can't stay here." She said it simply to Sofia's eyes. "There is something wrong with this house." Sofia, keeping Mrs. Donavan's gaze, nodded.
"Theresa," said her husband, "the world is covered in ice this morning. I don't think we'll be able to leave."
"I'll talk to David to see if he can drive you to Hearthberg," Sofia said. Mr. Donavan threw up his hand realizing he was betrayed entirely. Sofia wondered if he would complain to Mr. O'Malley about Sofia siding with Mrs. Donavan. Sofia decided he probably wouldn't and it didn't matter if he did. She wasn't sure she wanted to spend a whole lot more time here either.
Mr. Donavan threw himself into a large chair, a risky thing for a man his size to do.
"I'm sorry, Lewis." She went to him. "We must leave. Please. A body was found yesterday and no one knows whose it was or how it came to be there."
"Are you insinuating, Theresa, that someone here…?" Mr. Donavan was incredulous and his voice rose to a timbre that Sofia hadn't thought him capable of.
Mrs. Donavan sighed in disappointment. "No."
Sofia left.
She hadn't been to the kitchen yet this morning. Lewis Donavan called her in to "talk some sense into his wife" before she reached the second floor landing. She felt sorry for Mr. Donavan but she couldn't disagree with his wife. There was something wrong with the Manor. She wended her way to the kitchen to find David sitting on one of the folding chairs. He looked well rested. Sofia was glad of it and wondered if he was the only one in the house who slept well. Sofia knew she hadn't.
"Theresa Donavan wants to leave. Do you think you can get her to Hearthberg?" Sofia asked.
David hesitated. He gave Sofia a soft snort. "Sofia, we'll be lucky to make it out to the barn this morning." Sofia nodded. Mr. O'Malley and Mr. Donavan brought the body to the stable yesterday before the cold rain started.
"Did they decide what they were going to do?" David asked.
"Not that I know of," said Sofia. She checked the larder in the kitchen. Dinner would be an interesting experience tonight without fresh produce. It's going to be a long winter indeed. "They went 'round and 'round about whether or not they should bury him or get the constable from Hearthberg first and then bury him, or find out who he is and let someone else bury him. What do you think, David, would Lord O'Malley approve of cacciatore?"
David shrugged. "I think I'm going to go take a look at him, Sofia." He was gone before Sofia could say anything else.

* * * * *

Crossing to the barn was a great deal harder than David imagined. He was glad he brought his gloves with him, but vainly wished he had worn heavier pants. The weather turned cold since the day of the ladies' picnic. That was the last of the mild Indian summer. David had seen weather like this once in Maine. It rained hard, a regular gully washer. All the while, the temperature dropped until the rain turned into falling ice. No snow, just ice. The water already saturating the ground turned to ice as well. The rain started yesterday as O'Malley and Donavan moved the body to a place by the stable. They came in drenched and cold. Nothing more was done with the body.
Today, the ground was frozen. David made it a yard from the scullery before he fell the first time. What grass there was in the yard was matted. It trapped the brown green color of the grass along with some remaining orange and red leaves. If it weren't so cold, David would have sworn the yard was flooded in clear water. He rose to his feet gingerly, and crossed two yards more before falling hard on his tailbone. His gloves were absolutely necessary to get to his feet, but each new fall left a damp spot on his denim pants. With yet another bruise to his bottom, David finally arrived at the barn.
The horses snorted when they heard him outside. He tended to them moving a little slower than he expected. The desire to check out the body was now absent. It wasn't that David was afraid of anything or sickened by the memory of the body. What is there to fear? It bothered him yesterday. When he realized what the dogs had found, his vision blurred, trying to block out the sight. There was darkness around the edges of his vision and David feared he was growing faint. I'm not some woman with her corset too tight! The gentlemen arrived then and, with nothing said of it, sent David to the house. Even so, David wasn't ashamed. Lewis Donavan turned away after he pulled the dogs off.
David was very aware of the back wall of the stable. On the other side of that wall, the remains of a man lay frozen under a piece of canvas they scavenged from the stable. Originally, they were going to bring the body into the stable to protect it from the weather, but the horses smelled it and started screaming. David always hated that noise.
The horses were calm now. They whickered at David's company. Either they couldn't smell the body anymore and therefore it no longer existed for them, or they had accepted its presence after a long, quiet night. David took a deep breath, inhaling all the smells of the horses and hay and leather. He never found them to be that pleasant but he hoped today that those smells would stay with him.
David went around to the back of the barn. He used the wall, also icy, to help his balance. He slipped but didn't fall. There, just around the corner was a bundle under a blue-gray tarp. David hesitated. The sun was out and it glared off of everything. The bundle wasn't sinister at all.
"Did you think it would leap out at you?" David asked himself. It was good to hear his own voice and an answering neigh from inside. He crouched beside the bundle and untucked a corner of the tarp.
It didn't appear human at first. The heap of remains was too small. It looked more like a small deer carcass. Then David saw what was left of the nose on what used to be a face and he suffered a pang of guilt for thinking of it as an animal.
David shook his head at the mess. This couldn't have been a person, but it was. There were plenty of bones but not much flesh left. Maybe the dogs… David gagged on the thought. What flesh was left was still rather fresh. It still contained that dark red-brown color that signals the first stage of rotting. The freeze took care of the odor and David was grateful for that. It was less real without the smell.
There was some material most of it stained brown and difficult to tell from what wasn't bone. He moved to take in the sight from every angle. He couldn't bring himself to touch it. There was no way of telling who this man was. Shivers raked David as the thought entered his mind that this might be a woman.
A glint of silver caught David's eye. At first, he thought it was just ice but he leaned closer, blocking the sun. They hadn't done much of a search yesterday. The knife was found rather easily. Sofia didn't recognize it as being from the Manor's kitchen. Somehow, that made everyone more at ease. Of course, it was assumed that the knife had been used to kill the man. Why else would a dead man need a knife?
David hadn't laughed at the joke. It all made David very concerned. In amongst the flecks of gore and bone, David could now see the slick smoothness of metal. David's hand was an inch from the body before he realized it. He was loath to touch the body even while wearing his gloves, but his fingers were picking through the stiff sodden clothes. It's frozen; that is why it is so stiff. Any other thought brought the rim of darkness at the edges of his eyes. It was like someone else's hand slowly dug out the small rectangle of metal. It wasn't until David stood that his head cleared.
The metal in his hands was a lighter. Its top was smooth brass. None of the carnage stuck to it. The bottom portion has some sort of filigree work. Dried blood flaked off here and there. David wiped it quickly on his sleeve. Mercifully, the flakes floated to the ground instead of sticking to his coat. The silver filigree was familiar, but David couldn't quite place it.
It's probably something in the Manor. Something in the attic? He gave the lighter one last wipe before he dropped it into the pocket of his coat.
"There is no way I'm going to be able to take anyone to Hearthberg today, Sofia," David said when he finally reached the kitchen again.
Sofia shook her head. "Mrs. Donavan will be disappointed."
"She's in that much of a hurry to leave?"
Sofia hesitated, drawing a breath into her large bosom. "David, does this house ever bother you?"
David took off his coat and hung it in the scullery. He dug around in its deep pocket before answering. "What do you mean, Sofia? Does it bother me that the roof leaks? Or that I tend to dogs and horses instead of it?" David examined the lighter in his hands. "Or that there are dead bodies buried outside the fence?"
"It's partly that, David," said Sofia softly. "There's something wrong in this house."
David laughed. "Josie's told me about what's in that diary. I can't believe it's spooking you, too!" Something in David's head clicked. "The diary," he muttered.
"Eh?" Sofia turned from the stove. "Did you say something, David?"
"I found this on the body," said David. He held the lighter out for Sofia to see. She would have leaned over a snake as tentatively. "Do you remember the tinder box I found?"
"Yes, the one that contained the diary."
David nodded. "I think this lighter has the same pattern that the box."
Sofia gave a little nod. "They were probably a set."
"I'm thinking the diary might belong to the man whose body we found."

* * * * *

The hill sloped gently away from Lucinda's feet. She ignored it as she did the sight of Uncle Conway's house in the distance and the cow pond at the bottom of the hill.
"I have no time for this," she said firmly. Robert was in the bright sun behind her, not lurking at the bottom of the pond.
"Lucinda, you must come…" A certain sensation was a part of this dream. It was the sensation of when Robert would pull her into death. That sensation was behind her too. If she were to take a few steps backward, she was sure it would suck her away. To where, she wasn't sure. She was already dead.
"I have no time," she repeated.
She did not fear her brother, or the bright pulling behind her. The nugget of fear in her throat was due to what might happen next. What will it do next to people she should have loved more?
She took two definitive steps forward, which should have sent her tumbling down the hill. Instead, it brought her to the Manor.
Outside the window before her was the bright light of day. She could just see past the glare of the sun catching on the layer of ice on the windowpane. Light glinted off everything outside. The wood of the bare trees and the fence at the edge of the property were the most striking. The colors that usually sucked light into itself now had a highly polished quality to it.
"Damn!" Lucinda stomped her foot against nothingness and the floor. Both were the same thing to her. The lack of sound produced by the movement frustrated her more. She was close to sobbing.
She wanted the doppelganger alone; she wanted to confront it, to know that the sounds in her head were the truth. The dead man had been a distraction from the diary. It brought questions to Lucinda's mind that she didn't want to entertain.
The body is another part of the puzzle. It has to be! No matter how useful the discovery of the man's body was, its distraction was, to say the least, frustrating. Lucinda was unable to corner it the night before…
"Lucinda, come take a ride with us," her mother's voice was behind her. They were always behind her now. They would beckon and pester. Lucinda didn't know why. In the beginning, she thought it was because she had gone insane as well as died. Now she wasn't sure why they were there in the background. They didn't frighten her anymore. Perhaps I am insane.
She turned away from the window.
She had to find it. She closed her eyes and concentrated. It was like sinking into a deep void, a dark oubliette. When the blurred sense of motion stopped, Lucinda was dumped unceremoniously from the calm of that oubliette.
"Theresa, please," she could hear its voice. When Lucinda opened her eyes, the doppelganger stood in the middle of the parlor with her arms out entreatingly. "You can't possibly leave, so why not stay here in the warmth?"
Theresa flushed from neck to hairline. "Lucinda, I am just very tired. I did not sleep very well last night."
"It is already afternoon tea. Damn," Lucinda muttered to herself. All were present today, kept in by the cold and ice.
Theresa stood by the parlor door, her husband beside her with a hand resting on her shoulder. He would support her whatever her decision.
"I think I will go and take a nap. You can stay, my dear," she said to her husband.
"No, no. I have some accounts I must take care of before we leave." Lewis Donavan gave the men in the room a smile of apology. Then they were gone.
The doppelganger still had her back to the rest of the guests and made a face at the door in addition to the black oil that Lucinda could see surfacing and mocking Theresa's face.
"Oh, are you unhappy?" Lucinda wanted it alone. She would have been more than happy to see her stomp out and go to her room. The shadow lashed out in Lucinda's direction while its body collected itself. "Now, now then. I'm sure this is no time for tantrums," said Lucinda.
"Let her go, Lucinda," Maye said from her seat.
She was bundled against the cold draft in the room; the green leather bound diary lying in her lap. "I don't think Theresa much cares for our reading material." She said it more to soothe the other Lucinda than as a detriment to Theresa.
"She's a fool," the doppelganger said simply as she took her seat. "She's a superstitious fool who believes in ghosts." It snorted. "I hope she catches cold in her room."
Maye frowned. "Lucinda, there is no need to be unkind. Theresa's very tired. I'm sure we were all uneasy last night."
Lucinda wondered if there was much talk this morning of the body. "I've probably missed that, as well." She turned to the other Lucinda. "Ironic. Theresa doesn't know how right she is. I'm a ghost and you… I don't know what you are." It ignored her.
"Poor soul," Edwin muttered. Lucinda's head whipped around to Edwin. "He certainly wasn't a very recent burial."
"Let's do some reading, Maye," Benton said. His face was gaunt. His skin reminded Lucinda of the yellowed pages of books in the library where they had met. His voice was clear and sure, however, and Lucinda hadn't heard him cough lately. He was the first to give into the need to change the subject.
Maye hesitated, glancing from guest to guest.
"Maye, what's wrong?" Becky leaned forward and put a hand on Maye's knee.
"With recent events being what they are," Maye picked her words, "perhaps it would be better not to… Perhaps Theresa is right, maybe I shouldn't read today."
"Nonsense!" the doppelganger huffed. "Not you too, Maye?"
"Please, Maye," Lucinda whispered "you must keep reading." The words tasted bitter in her mouth. Lucinda realized she was agreeing with it and stopped another plea in the back of her throat.
"It doesn't matter, Lucinda," her mother's voice croaked and bubbled from somewhere near. "They can't hear. There is no need to be among the living anymore."
"SHUT UP!" Lucinda screamed. "I am not dead!" The words shocked Lucinda. She shook her head trying to dislodge the thought. "No, no, no. I know I am a ghost. I know I am…" She couldn't force herself to continue.
"'June twenty-second,'" Maye was reading. Lucinda forced her thoughts to calm. She needed more clues, more pieces. The music pounded in her skull. It was tinny like a cheap music box, but much louder. It drowned out the thoughts of her death. Lucinda could force the music to be quieter.
"'Mr. M's health has declined more than I thought possible. I have tried to put yesterday's events out of my head. I long to tell  someone of my concerns.'"
"Now that's the unflappable butler we all know and love," Evelyn cut in. Her voice cracked with bravado. All ignored her.
"'There is no one. I fear if I speak a word of it aloud, it will rush to Mrs. Cavanaugh like a demon with winged feet. You, my readers, are my only confidant. Such poor solace you give to me presently!
"'As I said, Mr. M is terribly ill. Our young doctor came to visit again. As Dr. Wilaby came from Mr. M's rooms carrying his black bag, his face was grim. "He is much worse than I thought," he said solemnly. I informed him that I was keeping the room dustless and clean, and not allowed the widows to be opened on the entire floor. I hoped that this would cause the man's face to lift a little. My hopes were dashed.
"' "It's his nerves," the doctor ventured. "He has the manner of a man thirty years older." I agreed with that. Mr. M is not that old. His dear wife died quite young. Her death took years from him. He regained a few in the weeks that Mrs. Cavanaugh showed him affection, but her rebuke stole twice as many years from him as he had gained. I was about to suggest as much to Dr. Wilaby.
"'Has he had a great fright recently?" he asked abruptly. With thoughts of what I eavesdropped (such a sin for one as I!) my jaws clamped shut and I could not utter a single word. "In any case," the young doctor continued, too wrapped in his own thoughts to notice my silence, "Mr. M should not be bothered. I know you care very much for your employer and have always carried out my instructions to the letter. I trust you with this task. Let no one disturb Mr. M."
"'In retrospect I can only think of those words in the voice of a pilgrim preacher speaking of hell. I failed in my only important task! OH! I have failed! I can make excuses; that my tasks do not allow me to stand guard in front of his door all day. I could say that it is not my fault but that of the young maid I believed trustworthy! I can excuse myself for saying nothing to Dr. Wilaby of what I heard, but it is only sinful pride that stopped me!
"'I left Mr. M's door only for a moment. I left Liza, the girl who helped me so much when Joseph Gibson appeared for his meeting that I was utterly unprepared for. I figured her the best and told her not to let anyone bother Mr. M. She nodded, curtseyed, and said, "Yes sir." It is not her fault. She cried her eyes out when Miss James and I talked to her about it. She thought it perfectly fine to let in Mrs. Cavanaugh. She is Mr. M's fiancé after all.
"'I do not remember what task it was that took me away. When I came returned, Liza was gone. I knew exactly what happened. I knew the spider had just been waiting to descend upon its prey. I heard protestations from inside. No light escaped through the cracked open door but many no's came from Mr. M's lips.
""I do not know why I did not burst in just then. What held me back? My own cowardice… I once read a story about a mad man who stood every night outside his master's door wanting to kill him to stop the beating of the old man's heart. I do not know why I stood there listening, but I wished the noises coming from that room murdered and dead. I heard her whispering to him. I could not make out the soft words. My madness had not made my hearing sharp enough. Maybe it was just Mr. M's sobbing that drowned out her words. Why did I stand there so long and do nothing!
"'I wanted proof. I do not know what, but something… I eventually did go in. I steeled my heart and nerves against her whispering and my master's sobs. As I came in, there was a shuffling by the bed as she rose. She was in her position again, lounging across him in too much of an intimate manner. I saw quite clearly that she slipped something under Mr. M's blanket.
"' "Madame, you must leave," I said. I mustered all my authority. My voice cracked anyway. She turned around, taking her time, moving slower than I would have thought anyone could. She smiled at me as she left. It was a smile that was all ice. I went to Mr. M's bed. I must admit there was some embarrassment. He put on a face as steeled as my heart but he knew I heard him from the door.
"' "Sir…" I began, not knowing what words would come next.
"' "Leave," he whispered to me.
"' "Sir, you must let me…" I entreated. I pleaded for I don't know how many minutes. He only kept saying that I should leave. He was being kind and patient as he always is. This is the man Mr. M has always been, always sense and reason. I tried to appeal to this. As I pleaded, I wrestled with matters of propriety. I wanted to know what she slipped under the blanket. I could see a bundle under the cover. I resisted the urge to fling off the blanket, to confront Mr. M about it. Finally, I simply rested a hand on it, leaning over my employer. Mr. M exploded.
"' "Get out! Get out!" he shouted'" Maye's voice rang through the room. Lucinda wondered if Theresa and Lewis could hear her upstairs.
"'I had no choice but to leave. I did not go very far. I stayed at his door the rest of the day. Charlie McWilliams is there now. He believes Mr. M's health is dire and will not let anyone in. The damage is done I fear. I must try to sleep.
"'June twenty-third.'"
"The writing in this section is almost illegible," Maye said. Her voice when not reading sounded hollow and unreal. "I've read it twice myself to make sense of it. And still…" She hesitated again. Lucinda knew she wanted someone to stop her from finishing. No one did.
"'I pray tonight that God will have mercy on my soul. I am so tired, but I owe it to you, my faithful readers, to confess what has happened. I, at rare moments over the last few years, considered what would happen if this household, the dearest to me of all my possessions, would cease to exist, and what would bring about its downfall. I had no idea.
"'The noise woke me soon after I drifted off to sleep. I don't know what type of noise it was because I consciously did not hear it. My sleeping self heard and my body brought me violently to wakefulness. I sat in my bed thinking that my heart had finally given way, before I heard shouts from below. Mrs. Paterson in her dressing gown met me on the landing and we both raced down the main stairs. The shouts, we could not make out what was said, came from the second floor, from Mr. M's room. I immediately thought the very worst, but I had very little conception of what that could be. The sight that greeted Mrs. Paterson and I was not one that either of us expected or were prepared for.
"'On the floor, at the foot of Mr. M's bed, staining the Oriental rug, laid Mrs. Cavanaugh. Mrs. Paterson caught her breath and hid her face against my chest. I am not ashamed to say I felt like doing the same. Charlie was leaning over her, patting her cheek. Her eyes showed that life was already lost. Mr. M sat slumped over in his bed. He was weeping softly. I showed Mrs. Paterson from the room giving her over to one of our female guests and went in to comfort Mr. M. There was a large hole blown through his blankets and bedding and I knew what was in the bundle he had been hiding. For my very breath, I could not figure out why.
"'The shock of the thing lasted until after the undertaker came to remove Mrs. Cavanaugh's broken body. The guests cleared away from the scene and tea was brought around. Charlie was the first to break down. I couldn't bring myself to dismiss him for failing at his duty. The consequences had been so great…but I myself balance a great anvil of guilt on my shoulders. What had I done? If I had only let someone know or asked Mrs. Cavanaugh to leave? Such thoughts hardly entered my mind. How could I have been so blind? I went to Mr. M then and confessed all I knew. I told him about the overheard conversations, the comings and goings of Mrs. Cavanaugh, and of writing it all in this very diary. I resigned from my post.
"'Mr. M explained to me what he had done, just as he did to the constable later. He explained about Mrs. Cavanaugh's confession of killing Mrs. M, of taunting him with the fact after acting the part of his friend. He couldn't understand why she did this. We both took a kind of solace in knowing we could not understand her. Oh reader, in the worst circumstances the human spirit is at its best. Mr. M forgave me, told me he understood my plight. He assured me that now the tragedy was over things would return to normal. He asked me to stay at my position. I cannot explain what joy his words gave me.
"'Now that all is done, Mr. M is so much better in spirit, though physically he is worse. He is much gaunter than I have seen him of late. I fear that while his spirit is now more at rest, his body is suffering the trauma of what has happened. I have asked Dr. Wilaby to pay us a call tomorrow.
"'Oh, gentle reader despite Mr. M's forgiveness, I still feel responsible for what has happened. How can I ever trust my judgment again! I must close this entry. A grim task still lies ahead of me tonight. Despite the lateness and my lack of sleep, I have been awake all day, I still must write to Miss Samantha Cavanaugh.
"'June twenty-forth.
"'Perhaps Mr. M's spirit is not as peaceful as I thought. When our dear Dr. Wilaby came at my urgent insistence, Mr. M rudely sent him away. I was so very surprised by this. While Mr. M has never liked doctors, and I have mentioned before his panics after their visits, he has always tolerated their presence. Even with Dr. Wilaby, he generally has taken a cajoling, joking tone. Today if he had the strength, I think Mr. M would have physically removed him from the house. I couldn't believe it. Mr. M then summoned me to his room. I suppose I should not have asked Dr. Wilaby to the Manor. Mr. M was extremely angry with me for bringing the physician to see him. Uncharacteristically of me, I argued with him. I only had his best interests in mind. I swear his hair has grayed over night. His eyes are terribly sunken. Perhaps I will speak to him again about a visit from Dr. Wilaby. That is if Mr. Wilaby chooses to return. I am afraid Mr. M's rudeness was so awful that I would not think less of our dear doctor if he didn't return.
"'In addition to Mr. M berating me for my ineptitude, we met about the house. Mr. M wishes to reopen the entire house. He was out of bed for a while this afternoon and shook his head over the closed rooms. "I wish this house to be filled with people again, Vernon.'"
There was a crash from the doorway that sent Lucinda's heart churning. From the expressions on her friend's faces, theirs had skipped a few hundred beats as well. Lucinda craned around to see Sofia pale-faced. The tea service was at her feet in a heap.
"What in heaven!" O'Malley burst from his seat. "What is wrong with all you women?" He crouched over the broken china. Sofia hadn't moved at all. "Well?" O'Malley's voice was kinder than Lucinda would have expected it to be.
"You…you mentioned Vernon," she said softly. Her eyes were glued to Maye.
"Yes, the author of the diary was a butler named Vernon."
O'Malley's brow furrowed. "Wasn't that grounds keeper named Vernon?"
Sofia came out of whatever trance of shock held her. She blinked at the man kneeling before her with several cup and saucer remains. "Yes."
Maye rose and went over to Sofia. "Come, sit. You don't look well, Sofia." She steered Sofia to her chair and kneeled in front of her.
"The diary… David found it in a tinder box." Maye nodded, willing Sofia to tell more. "The diary belonged to Vernon."
"Yes, I imagine Vernon put it in the box to keep it safe," Maye said.
"Don't be silly!" said O'Malley. "Vernon was that no good lout groundskeeper who disappeared."
"He said he'd been here under your uncle. The only employee left…" Sofia's sounded frail. Lucinda couldn't believe it was the large cook speaking.
"Yes, but…"
"The body you found was Vernon."
"What?" Lucinda wasn't sure how many voices chanted the word at once. She only knew hers was included.
"David found a lighter on the body. It matched the tinder box."
"That could mean…"
"He disappeared a few days ago."
"Still," Edwin was trying to be reasonable. "The lighter may have been stolen. That man might have only been impersonating…" His voice died.
"So, what happened to Vernon?" Lucinda asked the doppelganger. "Who exactly was impersonating who?"
It gave no indication it heard. Lucinda was worried that maybe she hadn't.
"Finish the diary, Maye," the impostor said. "Surely the answers are there."
"But…" Maye stuttered.
"Yes, finish. Don't be such a scared woman, Maye," O'Malley said harshly.
Maye scowled and took her seat. Sofia still sat on the edge of her's. She was horridly pale, but made no movement to leave.
"'I could not believe my ears,'" Maye read. "'I had wished for my employer to say these very words… In my heart, I could not be excited or happy. Mr. M moved around the house like a wraith. His skin is tight over his bones with a yellow pallor. He is very sick. I fear very much that he will die.
"'June twenty-fifth.
"'The rest of my diaries have gone missing. This one remains because I did not leave it with the others. I can't think of where they might have gotten to or who may have taken them.
"'I think the strain of the past few days' events have been far too much for Mr. M to take in either mind or body. He once again was up from bed, berating me and the rest of the household for not completing some of the work in the reopening of the house. He was especially upset about the piano that he asked us to sell a week ago. Charlie had found a buyer the next day in town and the piano was moved. I do not believe its current owner will want to sell it back but I am supposed to make an offer for it. Mr. Hanson chose to leave today. Mr. M, who has been insistent on keeping the house populated, is very unhappy about his decision. Forgive me. I don't know Mr. M anymore. I thought his treatment of Dr. Wilaby was poor. It was nothing compared to his treatment of young Mr. Hanson. Mrs. Paterson confided in me that she will leave the household if such treatment continues. While I am not quite of this opinion yet, one of the newer maids has already left. Mr. M "bawled her out," in the words of our dear Mr. McWilliams.
"'I do not know what we have done to bring on so much tragedy at the Manor. Perhaps the sadness that pervades this place has finally collapsed in upon itself.
"'June twenty-sixth.
"'It was Mr. M who took my diaries. He called me into the parlor this evening. He stood by fireplace, the small pile of my diaries at his feet.
"'Do you know why I have called you here?" It was the first time I had seen Mr. M on his feet that day. He swayed standing by the fireplace with one hand on the mantelpiece. I requested earlier in the day call Dr. Wilaby for him but he wouldn't hear of it. His health is so poor… He stood there at the fireplace, his face stony. I professed that I had no idea why he called me there. I tried to keep my eyes off the books at his feet. I had never thought that Mr. M might read them. While they reveal no secrets of the house, they do little to hide what is part of everyday life here at the Manor. Anything in my journals has always been common knowledge to visitors. Except for this volume… Forgive me, but never before has the Manor seen such events. This book is important in the chronicling of what has happened. Especially since…
"'Mr. M explained that he had taken my diaries and read them. He did not approve of my writings. He burned them all. He had me stay and watch as he burned each one. My heart sank lower with each leather volume. The atmosphere in the parlor was stifling. The volumes smoked, letting memories escape to the wind. The pages melted to ash. Mr. M would shakily bend and pick up one volume and throw it on the fire. I realized that Mr. M was not shaking with fatigue or illness but rage. He said things to me I cannot possibly repeat.
"'I write this volume by a light in the kitchen. This will be my last for a while. I must keep this volume safe. I will leave service of Mr. M and the Manor tomorrow.
"'My, it is cold in here. The door in the scullery must have been left open for there is such a draft…'"
Maye stopped reading. It wasn't until she closed the small green leather book that Lucinda realized she was finished with the diary.
"Surely that can't be all?" said Rebecca.
"I'm afraid there are no answers here," said Maye. "I can only imagine that Vernon never finished writing before he was…"
"Let go, I'm sure," said Edwin.
"Does that make sense?" asked Benton. "Your uncle wanted to open the house again."
"He was ill, deranged, possibly." O'Malley's eyes moved following his train of thought. "He died and Vernon was let go."
"What about the Vernon we knew?" Sofia's voice was small and weak. Eyes turned toward the cook, but she didn't notice at all.
"It's probably the same man," said Maye. "I don't see the point in anyone impersonating the butler or groundskeeper of this house. What would the gain be?"
"Why say he was the groundskeeper then?" asked Benton.
"I don't know," said Maye. She was vexed. Her fingers traced the gold filigree of the spine of the book. "Who killed and buried him?"
Lucinda saw the cook's eyes flit toward the doppelganger. It was fidgeting with the skirt of its dress and didn't notice at all. Lucinda controlled her reactions as well. "I have the pieces of the puzzle you don't, Maye," she said softly.


Chapter Twenty-Six


"WHY?" Lucinda roared. She would have awoken the whole house if she could have been heard. As it was, it didn't flinch at the noise.
Lucinda flung herself around the room, moving with the blurred speed she had once found frightening. Deep within Lucinda wished she could cause some fear in the doppelganger. It stood at the mirror again, brushing at a normal pace, going through the motions of getting ready for bed. "You have destroyed so many, why? I know it was you, you can't deny it."
It didn't deny, or react at all.
"What kind of fiend are you, Mrs. Cavanaugh?" Lucinda spat. "Why did you kill that man's wife? Why did you torment him? Why did you--?" Lucinda couldn't finish the words. Had it really taken over Mr. M's body? That was impossible. Lucinda hadn't believed in ghosts before, and now she was one. The thing was sitting there inside her own body. It had to be the truth.
Lucinda remembered the figure standing in the Manor's yard staring at Lucinda with gleaming eyes. She hadn't known who it was. It wasn't shaped like Edwin or Lewis Donavan or the boy, David. It wasn't a phantom either; it had been the butler's body, Vernon. "So I'll end up in a ditch too…"
A sound welled from the depths of Lucinda's throat. It was a sound she didn't know she was capable of and only one person could hear it. She reached out to spin the creature around from the mirror by its shoulder without thinking about it. Her hand passed into the body and hit something that like cold mud. She dug her fingers in.
It responded to this. The shadow twisted within the body and its "face" lunged out at Lucinda. Its pinpoint bright eyes caught Lucinda off guard. She pulled away. She retreated physically.
"I know it was you. I know you killed Mrs. Cavanaugh and Mr. M and Vernon," Lucinda hesitated. "I know you killed me."
The doppelganger returned to what it was doing. Lucinda reached out and touched it again. She steeled herself this time, so she wouldn't pull away.
It bothered her to try it again, but she needed to. Lucinda had to know that the coughing she had caused in Maye was not a fluke. She had done it to Lewis one night as well. Just simply put her hand through his throat. The thoughts made her sick. Lewis had started coughing worse than Benton Richards. It wasn't coughing, was it, Lucinda?
Lucinda couldn't distinguish whether she or her grandmother was asking the question. Lewis hadn't been coughing; he'd been choking. Lucinda had been the cause. Lucinda knew that she had the power to kill someone. She hoped it would work on it, too.
Her hand sank into the cold mud of the shadow that resided in the shoulder of Lucinda's former body. She resisted the need to flinch, forced her hand to stay. When she conquered the urge, she moved her hand slowly to the left. Her fingers curled through the shadow until she reached its neck. Lucinda was surprised it did not move away. It seemed content pulling Lucinda's silver handled brush through a knot in the body's hair.
Lucinda's hand formed a fist in its throat. Her fingers were beginning to numb with cold. It was strange to see her arm end, enveloped by a familiar shoulder.
"What are you trying to do?" the doppelganger asked suddenly. It didn't bother to work the body's mouth quite correctly. It made the words come out in an odd accent.
Lucinda held her arm steady and didn't waver. Her fingers were numb, but she could swear they were moving. Her wrist, buried somewhere in its neck, was beginning to numb as well.
"If you're trying to destroy, you're going about it wrong," it said. It twisted around in the dressing chair. Lucinda's hand was in the middle of its face now. Her wrist sunk into the nose of her former face. Numbness traveled from her wrist into her arm. With a gasp, she pulled away. The doppelganger laughed at her reaction. Lucinda held her hand out in front of her. It was still there, whole. Lucinda  couldn't stop a sigh of relief. It rolled its eyes and turned to the mirror. Lucinda scowled at it and at her own indiscretion.
"So how do I destroy you?" Lucinda waited for some kind of answer. It was examining its physical face in the mirror. It poked at its cheekbones and pulled at the lower lids of its eyes. With a shake of it head, it rose and went over to the bed.
"So, has your dear brother stopped bothering you?"
The question surprised Lucinda. Had it seen Robert? Or her mother or grandmother? No, it couldn't have possibly…
Lucinda was unsure of what was possible anymore. She had never believed in ghosts despite the fear that accompanied her through long nights at Uncle Conway's house. She had never really believed Dr. Freud's theories either, though some of them made sense to her. She realized now that maybe the dreams of her demise at the hands of her brother were the manifestation of her guilt. That's why he plagues me now.
"Just a dream brought to life by my mind," Lucinda said calmly. "Just the same way I can think about the way I look or see this room in bright daylight." For a second, Lucinda was that small girl in a calico dress and pigtails that saw her brother drown. She knelt by the cow pond…
Lucinda shook her head sharply and it was all gone. She stood in front of the doppelganger and gloated in triumph. It looked so old. Its eyes were as sunken as her mother's after her death.
"Oh really, just a dream…" The face smoothed as shadow filled it, making it now almost too young. "So what dreams did you used to have about your grandmother, Lucinda? Why does she visit you?"
It was a good question. Lucinda didn't remember ever having dreams about her grandmother. Maybe her mind was afraid to conjure Grandmother for fear the old woman would somehow know and scold Lucinda for her impertinence. Don't be silly, Lucinda thought to herself. Grandmother would never find out. In Lucinda's mind while she was dreaming, Grandmother would scold her. Just as she was doing now. Lucinda shook her head. How could this thing know my mind!
"And your mother," it said. It was watching Lucinda's face carefully. Lucinda tried to be as blank as possible and wished she could see herself in the mirror to know whether she was succeeding or not. "What does your mother say to you, Lucinda?"
That was the first time the creature called Lucinda by her name. The word sliced her to the bone. She had never thought of words having power despite being entranced when someone like Maye would read. Being named by it hurt. She was no longer what she once was and being called by her name, by the thing in her body, sparked a flame in Lucinda.
"You…" she said.
"What about your father, Lucinda?" Its words were gaining speed, flowing like a torrent. "What does he say to you when he finds you alone in the dark? He brings light doesn't he? They all do, but that frightens you as much as the dark. Why, Lucinda? Why don't you just go with them? They want you. They want to take you. Why don't you go?"
Lucinda stared at it. It was hurling words at Lucinda, but they were suddenly impotent. The doppelganger didn't realize the mistake it made. Lucinda's father never came to her and was never a part of the visions. It was bluffing. It knew nothing more than what it guessed.
There was a click as another piece fit. Lucinda could almost see the picture, could almost hear the entire symphony. She tried to be appropriately horrified. "You…" she whispered it, "who were you?" She made her voice quaver.
It laughed. "No one of consequence."
"How do you know…?" Lucinda knew. She couldn't falter now.
"You and I," it said, "so alike."
Lucinda suddenly realized that it hadn't only been guesses. It knew from experience. Knowledge flooded Lucinda's mind and it horrified her. Lucinda fled then. She was afraid knowledge would show on her face if she stayed longer.

* * * * *

David wasn't the only one to hear the scream, but he was the only one who heard the smashing thud. In the dark confines of the cellar, it sounded like half the house fell in. David wouldn't have been surprised to find it so.
The noise startled David so badly he almost knocked over the lantern as he made his way to the stairs.
The body lay on the landing on the faded, worn rug that trailed the stairs and hall and to the front door. Rebecca O'Malley lay with her feet still on the stairs. Her torso was twisted, one arm hidden under her chest. The other arm was rested elegantly above her head, arched from shoulder to wrist.
David's sister had a ballerina doll when she was small. It was porcelain; its skin was pale and beautiful. Its arms held above its head. It had been very expensive and David had worked for a year to help his parents buy it for her. Mrs. O'Malley's face had the same porcelain sheen to it, lips red, one arm above her head, her hair tussled. David caught his breath. She was so beautiful at that moment. Even if there was something wrong with the angle of her neck.
David heard doors open behind him. There were people's voices and heavy footsteps. He couldn't move.
Edwin O'Malley pushed by him. He knelt next to his wife, his face contorted with anguish and grief. O'Malley's hands hovered an inch over his wife's body. Maye Richards was the next past David. She rushed not to the body, but to O'Malley. She put her hands on his shoulders and begged him to come away. Her eyes avoided her friend.
There were other exclamations and gasps of horror, mostly from behind David.
"I couldn't save her," a broken voice said from the stairs beyond.
Maye Richards looked up the stairs.
David moved forward finally, strangely curious about the voice. David was numb. His feet might as well been nubs as he mounted the stairs. The sound of his footsteps was disconnected from his actions.
Confused, David glanced into the large gold mirror at the landing to see who was following him. The rest of the Manor's inhabitants were still gathered in the hallway where David left them. All were shocked, Theresa being comforted by her husband, Sofia comforting Josie. The two young girls and Mr. Richards stood like three pale specters come to take away the dead. The glare of light from the front door gave them their needed halos.
Crumpled on the stairs beyond Rebecca O'Malley was Lucinda Harris. The sight of her in comparison to Mrs. O'Malley's lifeless beauty shocked David. She sat on the stairs quivering. Her face was flushed dark red and soaked with tears. Her hair hung stringy around her shoulders, her hands twisted claws before her.
"I couldn't save her," she said to David and Maye between sobs. She couldn't draw enough breath to say anything else..
David started toward her. He stepped carefully over Rebecca O'Malley's legs. Lucinda rose and ran to the second floor. David heard a door slam somewhere.
"David," Maye's voice was also tearful, but she was steady and clear, "David, let her go. Come, help me." Her words broke a spell. A world of sound rushed into David's ears. David rushed down the stairs. He took O'Malley's arm.
"Sir," David said softly, "There's nothing you can do. She's gone."
O'Malley struggled as Maye and David helped him to his feet. All three stumbled and made slow progress to the parlor. Other people opened doors and brought chairs.
"Benton, see to Lucinda." Maye was taking charge. Benton's sickness made her excellent in emergencies. "Sofia, bring some tea and a hot towel." David watched as they scattered, Josie included, to fulfill Maye's wishes. The rest crowded around Edwin, leaving David claustrophobic and sad for the beautiful woman abandoned on the stairs.
He stepped away. Donavan nudged him and they went to the hall. Sofia rushed by with tea, Josie with a towel. "I'll get a blanket," Donavan muttered. "Where are we going to put her?"
David took a deep breath. He didn't want to be in charge of the situation. He didn't want to be the one "doing" anything. I'm already the horse and dog trainer… he thought angrily. There was an immediate pang of guilt. Mr. O'Malley, despite the man's downfalls, had just lost his wife. This wasn't something David was being ordered to do. David let his breath out in a shaky sigh. He shook his head.
"There's a few empty rooms on the second floor. I guess we'll put her in one of those."
Lewis Donavan nodded and headed past the body and up the stairs. That left David alone again with the broken ballerina.
David tried not to stare at her. Her body was so white, glowing in comparison to the drab carpet and dark woodwork. David's eyes couldn't help but rest on her. He was relieved when Donavan reappeared on the landing with a heavy, sleigh blanket the color of thick cream.
"Do you think we'll be able to spread it out and lift her on to it?" he asked.
David nodded. He hadn't considered that they would have to touch her. His will shrank away from the thought of touching her and smudging her bisque perfection. She wasn't dead surely…
There was a swift clap of hands that reverberated through the hallway.
"Snap out of it!" Lewis said harshly. "You're standing there like a…We have a job to do, boy. We need to get it done." There was no condescension in Donavan's calling David a boy. More like a father
telling his son that his dog had to be put down.
David nodded again dumbly and took an end of the blanket from Lewis. They spread it out as best as room would allow on the stairway. "Do you want me to take that end?" Lewis asked.
David stood over Rebecca O'Malley's shoulders and head. David didn't want to lift her and possibly see her eyes on him. Lewis' words gave him direction and he didn't want to shirk responsibility. Does it show on my face? The thought embarrassed and disappointed him.
Lewis chuckled a little. "I'm not a small man, I think I'm going to have trouble balancing while going up the stairs."
"Oh!" David said. "Yes, I'll switch with you." David hoped he didn't seem too eager to comply with Lewis' suggestion and excuse.
David came up the stairs and bent over Rebecca's legs, ready to pick them up and slide them on to the blanket. Lewis squatted near her head. He reached forward and gently closed Rebecca's eyes before he poised his hands to lift her shoulders.
"We don't have to lift her much," Lewis said quietly. "Just get as much of the blanket under her as we can. I opened one of the rooms on second floor that was empty. Ready?"
David nodded. With a grunt, Donavan lifted and so did David. They moved the body about a half a foot on to the blanket.
"Now keep the blanket as taught as possible," said Lewis. He sounded like he did this every day. "Let's go!"
They both heaved, the blanket bowing in the middle. David started taking a few steps backwards. What if I fall? His brain screamed suddenly. He dismissed the mental image of himself and the body crashing on to Lewis Donavan.
Once David reached the levelness of the second floor, he glanced over his shoulder to see which door was open. It was the last one down the hall.
"We can't put her in there," David said.
"Huh?" Lewis puffed. "Why not?"
"There's a hole in the floor," David said. Chasm was more like it. "I don't think we should put her in there."
Lewis sighed. "Put her down then. This one?" He motioned with a shoulder to the door next to him.
"Yes," David said, "there are no guests staying in that one."
They lowered Rebecca to the floor and Lewis opened the door.
The room's only piece of furniture was a wardrobe, no bed or dresser. They placed Mrs. O'Malley's body just inside the door. David left, pulling the door behind him.


Chapter Twenty-Seven


Sofia mounted the stairs in the hallway, but paused before the landing.
There was nothing on the Persian carpet that would have let anyone know that Mrs. Rebecca O'Malley died there. Sofia knew and that was more than enough. She considered using the servant's stairway. She thought it over and changed her mind about it several times while in the kitchen and then concluded that there certainly wasn't anything to fear; she was being a silly, old woman. The silver tea service was too heavy to be lugging it up those stupidly steep stairs anyway.
Sofia shook her head over the other set she had broken. Sofia had never done anything like that before. Her embarrassment overshadowed the shock of hearing Vernon's name being said in conjunction with that awful book.
"You are still being a silly, old woman," she muttered. "Here you are still standing in front of the landing." She could see her head in the landing mirror.
She hadn't aged well since Angelo's death. Her hair was losing the steeled color in favor of yellowing gray. "I should cover that mirror." She shook her head and stepped on to the landing. She tried not to shiver as she stepped where Mrs. O'Malley's body had lain.
The house had taken on an air of mourning. Mr. and Mrs. Donavan's plans to leave were canceled again. Sofia thought it probably had more to do with the muddy roads than duty to the dead.
The sun came out that morning and melted the ice, leaving a mire in its wake. Everyone retired to their rooms. She sent Josie to see who wanted tea. Josie needed to keep busy, but none of the Manor's inhabitants required anything Her daughter was acting so strangely. So quiet and… Sofia couldn't put her finger on it. Everything Sofia told her daughter to do in the last couple days had been done, quickly and well. She hadn't caught her daughter gossiping with the other two girls or alone with David.
It wasn't that Sofia wanted to complain; she had always wished for such responsibility to take hold of her daughter even if it was strange to Sofia. There was something new in her daughter's eyes. Sofia could see that the façade her daughter concocted wouldn't last much longer. Between the diary and Vernon and Mrs. O'Malley's death, I'm surprised she's lasted this long without tears. She's doing better than me!
The door to Mr. O'Malley's room was open. It was dark inside with the curtains closed. The gloom made Sofia shiver. Nonsense, it's just cold in here! Sofia was careful not to say it out loud.
Edwin O'Malley sat on the chair before the dressing table. He was toying with a bejeweled hairpin. He twirled it between his fingers without paying attention it. Sofia hesitated. Only his fingers moved, as tired and as stricken as the rest of the man.
"Sir?"
"Yes?" His face was pale and held a sadness Sofia had rarely seen before. "Oh, Sofia!" He noticed then that she was carrying the tea service. "Yes, thank you. No one else is taking tea?"
"No, sir."
"Oh."
The silence rooted her to her spot.
"Sofia, I shall be leaving the Manor as soon as the weather is better."
"Oh!" Sofia wasn't sure if she was more surprised by his sudden statement or by the fact that he was telling her this.
"I haven't told anyone else of my intent. I know you won't, but please don't tell anyone." She knew not to take the comment as an accusation that Sofia might gossip. "I'm sure they… they'll be leaving soon, as well."
"Yes, sir." Sofia had heard very much to that effect.
"I'm telling you because I would like you to come to the city with me. You're a very good cook… I…" His words died with a sigh.
"Sir, I--" she didn't know what to say. She was about to say what she always said. I can't go without my daughter. I'm afraid we have to be taken as a pair. Mr. O'Malley heard that before when they were first hired. That was no longer true. Josie would be marrying David. She would be leaving and not necessarily part of Sofia's life anymore.
"I will need to give it some consideration, sir," she said.
Mr. O'Malley nodded.
Sofia set the tea service on the dressing table and poured a cup. She added a small spoon of sugar and stirred. Mrs. O'Malley's jewelry box was open and caught Sofia's eye. There were only a few pieces lying in its velvet bottom. Sofia was surprised to see that Mrs. O'Malley hadn't owned anymore than she did; nothing finer than what Sofia owned.
Mr. O'Malley's fingers still idly played with the hairpin. He made no move toward the tea. Sofia waited. Mr. O'Malley didn't to notice she was still in the room. The shadows hung heavy in the corners of the room and in the canopy above the bed. This wasn't the biggest bedroom. It was the same size as the other bedrooms with the same furnishings, except for the bed. Mrs. O'Malley had been very excited by the prospect of a canopied bed. She'd had Sofia help her hang the thick velvet material from its posts. Small tears welled in the corners of her eyes. Sofia was surprised that the lady of the house would want to tackle the project herself instead of just ordering it to be done.
"She was a good woman, your wife," Sofia said softly.
A chill shook Sofia suddenly. Goose bumps formed on her arms and she had to stop her teeth from chattering. "Goodness, sir," she said. "I think there's a…"
Edwin O'Malley started to cough then. It was a strangled cough as he were struggling for breath. Surprised, Sofia dropped the stirring spoon she was still holding. Mr. O'Malley was grabbing at his throat, gagging, trying to clear whatever was to be caught there. Sofia took him by one shoulder and with her other hand gave him a quick whack on the back. It didn't help. Mr. O'Malley wrestled against his throat as Sofia repeated her pound. Mr. O'Malley went slack under Sofia's grip. He slumped forward but recovered quickly. His head was still bowed, hands still at his throat.
"Sir, are you alright?"
O'Malley shrugged away from Sofia's grasp. A wide smile crossed his face that caused the hair on Sofia's arms to rise again. O'Malley held his hands out in front of him. He picked up the hairpin he had been toying with earlier.
"Yes, my wife was a very good woman," he said. His voice cracked and he coughed. Sofia dropped her eyes to the floor. There was something in O'Malley's gaze that made her uncomfortable. A glint appeared in his eyes. "Don't cry. I'm sure my dear beloved is safe now."
Sofia was unaware of the tears on her face until the cold air in the room touched the paths they had made on her face. "I'm sure…" she stopped as Mr. O'Malley jumped to his feet.
"I think she would have wanted you to have this," he said. He held out the hairpin to Sofia. "Go on, take it. I'm sure Rebecca would have thought it would look beautiful in your hair as you scrub potatoes."
Sofia took the pin. She was careful not to touch Mr. O'Malley's hand. For a second, he was a stranger.
Sofia hoped she curtseyed before she left, but she couldn't remember later. She found herself in the hallway, rushing toward the main stairway. She held on tightly to the hairpin. Its jewels dug into her hand. For an instant, an icy hand touched the back of her neck.

* * * * *

David heard the sobbing as he stepped through the narrow door to the servant's stairway.
He stood in the brightness of the stairwell trying to decide whether or not the crying was coming from above or below him. The day was incredibly bright with the sun reflecting off the melting ice. Maybe he hadn't heard crying at all, just mistaken the trickling, cracking sounds of the Manor thawing. No, there it was again, the hiccup of one sobbing without breath to do so. It was coming from below.
David took careful steps. The sight of Rebecca O'Malley sprawled flashed through his mind. Hers was the second dead body he had seen in such a short period of time. They were so different. Vernon's corpse was so decayed, so unrecognizable. Such a mess. Hers with is fragile beauty. It was almost as if, in death, the characteristics of both in life had been magnified.
It seemed natural that the drunken, loathsome Vernon should be a pile of flesh and bone in death and gracious, kind Mrs. O'Malley should be beautiful in death. What will you look like when you die, David? some part of his mind asked.
Wrapped in such thoughts, David tripped over the source of the crying. Josie was wearing her white dress again and her blond hair was around her shoulders, hiding her face. She sat two stairs lower than the landing. She blended so well with her surroundings, that David did double take.
"Josie, darling?"
She jumped to her feet and let out such a shriek David would have thought she had just seen a ghost. She tottered on the narrow steps. David caught her, his heart leaping past his throat.
"What are you doing?" she yelled. Her fist thumped his chest impotently before she collapsed against him. "Don't do that. Don't scare me." Her body heaved against him.
"I'm sorry," he muttered. He wasn't sure how many times he said it while standing there on the servant's stairway in the bright sun. He petted her hair and kept one arm locked securely around her corseted waist. For a second, he saw her tumble down the stairs, ending more broken but infinitely fairer then the lady of the house.
Josie finally calmed her crying enough for David to softly kiss her wet face. "Tell me what's wrong," he whispered.
"I…" she heaved a breath and courage, "I love you, David, and I want to marry you. But Mother… She likes you, but she told me I must be sensible." She shook her head in helplessness. David wasn't quite sure what she was talking about yet. He made a small motion with his head, hoping she would continue. "I don't want to be sensible. I want to kiss you when I see you. I want to cry for poor, dear…" Her tears returned and she buried her head against him again.
"Oh, Josie. Your mother just wants you to make sure that marrying me is what you want," said David. At least that's what David wanted Sofia to mean. He hadn't considered that Sofia might not want her daughter to marry the handy man. David shook his head. Sometimes he didn't know what to make of women.
"It is what I want," Josie said to his chest.
"Good… good… fine," he said. "And marrying you is what I want." For the first time, David knew that was entirely true.
A small knock on the door to the landing alerted David to Maye Richards peeking through a wide crack in the door. She was frowning with her brow knit tight.
"Josie," David whispered. She noticed Mrs. Richard's as well. With a slight yelp, Josie tried to collect herself.
"Oh, it's all right," Maye whispered, "but I need your help, David." There was urgency in her voice that made David apprehensive.
"Yes, of course," he said. He and Josie climbed the couple of steps. His hand didn't leave Josie's, however.
There was a load crack as ice fell from the outside wall. It was followed briefly by an increase in the trickling sound of water. "This place is weeping for her," Maye said softly.
Maye opened the door a little wider. "Are you all right?" she asked Josie. Her face showed real concern and David was grateful.
"I'm fine, ma'am," Josie replied. She mustered a slight smile.
Maye gave Josie's arm a little squeeze of reassurance. She turned to David. "Lucinda's locked herself in the room with…" she didn't finish and for a second David was confused. It passed when he realized she couldn't say it. "She won't come out. I've tried. I'm afraid…" Maye couldn't finish that sentence either. She put an arm around Josie and David noticed for the first time that Maye's face was as white as Josie's dress.
David nodded. "I'll have to get some tools."
Maye nodded. "Let's get you some tea," she said as she steered Josie away.
David hesitated before heading to his room. He wasn't sure what his employer would think about his handy man having lock picks. Right now, he probably doesn't care at all. The man has other worries.
David had trouble locating the dark blue bag of picks among the tools that cluttered a good portion of his room. He had not straightened since someone searched for the diary. He finally found them in the bottom of a chest under a pile of old clothes. Maye was at the door when David returned. Her face held consternation. She stood with her hands folded in front of her, more worried than impatient.
"She's been acting so strangely," Maye whispered. "I don't know what to think anymore."
David simply nodded and knelt by the door. It was strange that Mrs. Richards should try to offer an explanation for her friend's behavior. It wasn't what one did… Miss Harris was a strange bird, indeed. The thought of how angry she had become over the tinderbox made David a little anxious. Before he started with the picks, he called out, "Miss Harris, your friend is out here and she is worried about you." He banged hard on the door a few times. The sound reverberated through the hall. He licked his lips. "Please open the door?" He waited another moment. No sound of footsteps and the knob was still. "Miss Harris, I'm going to open the door. Maye Richard's is here with me." He hoped Maye would stave off the anger that Lucinda Harris might have at what David was sure would be 'her privacy intruded upon.'
"Edwin's trying to find the master key. He didn't get one from the lawyers," Maye said. "You don't have it, do you?"
David tried not to blush and figured he probably failed. "I'm going to have to pick the lock, Mrs. Richards." He wasn't sure what reaction he expected, but all Maye Richards did was bob her head.
The knob, as were all the knobs in the Manor, was in the same style as the front door knocker and handles. A set of thorny iron vines twisted into the shape of a ball, splitting where a key could be inserted. David peeked into the keyhole and could see light from the other side, but little else. He inserted two picks he figured to be the right size and closed his eyes. His father taught him how to pick locks when David was rather young. "If you close your eyes, you can hear better and feel better," his father said. "You don't need your eyes."
David heard a click. He tried the knob but it didn't budge. There was still more work to do on it. He listened closer. Was that a second click?
"Josie is a very nice young girl," Maye Richards said from behind him. "She's going to make someone a wonderful wife."
David winced. "Yes, she will," he said absently.
"Very pretty, too," Maye added.
David said nothing in response. The upper pick caught on something.
"I wish my mother-in-law were like Sofia. Benton's wonderful, but I just don't understand Mrs. Richards." She laughed.
Her voice was strained. David knew she was worried and nervous, but chitchat was not helping him with the lock. He rocked on his hunches. "Mrs. Richards, I do intend to marry Josie if I have her mother's permission," he said. "Now please take no offense, but I need to be able to hear what I'm doing with the lock."
"Oh! I'm sorry," she said, horrified and strangely enough embarrassed.
David knelt close and tried again. This time there was a much louder click. When he tried the handle, it turned easily. David rapped on the door again.
"Lucinda?" Maye called. "Lucinda, David and I are coming in."
David held the knob and pushed the door open. Mrs. O'Malley's body was still lying just inside the door on the cream blanket. He did not see Lucinda Harris until he stepped over the body.
The door to the wardrobe was open. Lucinda Harris sat in front of the wardrobe. No, David thought, not sitting. Not standing either. Only the backs of her heals touched the floor. The rope was tied to the bar in the wardrobe. The other end was looped around Lucinda's neck and it was the only thing that supported her.
David rushed forward, but stopped inches from her. There was nothing he could do. David's suspicions about death were confirmed. Lucinda Harris' eyes were bloodshot and bulged from their sockets. Her tongue lolled from her mouth. It was a bruised purple, the same color as the veins on David's grandmother's legs. Her limbs were palsied straight, arms at her sides. Her dress and hair were perfection. Every crease was just right, every curl in place. She was every bit like the bitter woman she had been. She had more wrinkles and gray than David noticed before. Death simply showed the vileness she had tried hard to conceal, but was just beneath the surface. She had only ever been disdainful to David and little better to her own friends. It did not surprise David at all that her physical beauty was gone in death.
"Oh, my!" David heard Maye sob behind him. On the floor beside the body was a small, neatly folded piece of paper. He grabbed it and quickly went to Mrs. Richards. He tried to block her view. He held the paper between a couple fingers as he tried to turn Mrs. Richard's by her shoulders. She wouldn't budge and David was afraid he'd have to use more force. He didn't want to. Her face was pale and full of grief. Poor woman. That's two she's lost! He nudged her a little and that finally moved her to the door.
"Tell me she's not dead," Maye whispered to him.
"I'm so very sorry." David couldn't think of anything but the usual platitude. Maye shook her head and covered her face with her hands. She collapsed against David who tentatively patted her on the back.
Benton Richards appear behind his wife like a wraith. He took in the whole scene in a matter of seconds including the awful visage of Lucinda Harris.
"Oh, no. Not Lucinda," he said. His voice was perfectly clear in contrast to his parchment paper complexion and terrible, sunken eyes. David had seen Mr. Richards look better and heard him sound worse.
He handed Maye over to her husband and unfolded the piece of heavy paper the color of cream. It was ragged at one edge, as if ripped out of a diary not unlike the one Vernon recorded his life in, but of cheaper quality. The writing was very plain and neat.

I am sorry for the pain I have caused you all. Please understand. Things have not been well with me. Even among you, my dearest friends, I am alone. How can I go on if I cannot save my own friend's life? Forgive my selfishness, but none of you knew me.
--L

David handed the paper to Benton, unfolded, holding it between two fingers. He read it over Maye's shoulder. When done, he nudged Maye and she read it before falling forward again upon Benton. Mr. Richard's could do nothing to quell his wife's tears.


Chapter Twenty-Eight


The ground was spongy under Lucinda's feet. Mud clung to the hard soles of her shoes. Yes, this place would do.
She could still hear Grandmother's voice ringing shrilly in her head. "Don't dally, Lucinda!"
Lucinda didn't dally, she ran from the house on her errand. The woods weren't very far from the house. Once she was safely out of sight, she inhaled deeply. The air was rather cold. It burnt her lungs a little, but that wasn't uncomfortable. It was bracing. Lucinda wiggled her toes inside the hard shoes. The ground gave with moisture. Yesterday brought a thaw of the ice, Grandmother was sure Lucinda could go on this little errand for her. "Search under logs, things like that I'm sure you'll find them still. Do hurry!"
"Yes, Grandmother," Lucinda said out-loud to herself now, "I'll not dally and I'll hurry back."
A smile slowly crept across the unfamiliar landscape of Lucinda's face. The music in her head swelled. She flung out her arms and spun around and around. The sunlight, warm on her cold face, was good, as did the solidness of the ground under her feet.
For the first time, the song in her head sounded joyful. It sounded like a spring day with all the new flowers blooming and every bird singing in unison. The tune rose to a crescendo.
Lucinda's heart fluttered in a way she could only associate with bright spring days when she was young and she and Robert would play tag in Uncle Conway's cornfield. She was alive and free again. Lucinda stopped spinning and laughed out loud. The sky whirled above her as it never had before.
"Girl!" Grandmother's voice was right behind her. "Shame on you for playing when you should be working! Sloth!"
Lucinda turned. Grandmother's face was red. There were veins on her forehead that stood out like rivers seen from the top of a hill. She shook the wooden mixing spoon with the hole in the middle. Lucinda could remember very well how much it could smart when wielded. "You come home right now, child." Lucinda ignored Grandmother. If she was on task perhaps Grandmother would not punish her. Maybe if Lucinda finished her task Grandmother might be pleased.
The sunlight played out patterns of shadow stick men as the trees waved in the breeze. The trees here were mainly birches. Their white bark blended with the washed-out blue of the sky. It wasn't quite winter. This would have to be the last harvest for Grandmother this year. Lucinda would have rather it had been spring. These outings were so much nicer when one could wear a lighter dress. Wool was so itchy. Everything was so much prettier in spring too. The trees with their bright new green leaves and some of them flowering. In the meadows, one could see butterflies. This late in the fall, the only leaves were the brown ones rotting under foot. Butterfly's short lives ended long ago. Everything dies come fall, Lucinda thought to herself. She shivered against the wind. "I had better get to my task."
Lucinda left the clearing and started into the woods. The trees were close together and she moved carefully. She stepped out with one foot, turned her body, and then advanced the other foot. She stopped after a few steps and held on to a nearby tree. With the toe of her shoe, she carefully moved some of the leaves at a crook in the tree's roots. There was a slight crackle from the remainder of the half-frozen ice. Underneath the leaves, they stood safe. "Yes, these will do."
Lucinda could see Grandmother's stiff form nearby between the birch tree trunks. The old woman turned and bent, rummaging along the ground as well. Lucinda frowned. She followed me. She doesn't trust me! Lucinda snorted through her nose. "I'll show her what a good job I can do!" Lucinda muttered.
Lucinda squatted, careful not to soil her dress at the knees. She didn't worry about her fingers. This was the only chore in which it was not regarded as bad to have dirty fingers. In fact, once Lucinda came in with no dirt under her nails. Grandmother thought she had bought mushrooms somewhere else. That was the last time Lucinda had been allowed to go alone.
"These are good," Lucinda murmured. She moved some more leaves. "Those are bad." She nodded decisively.
The wind shook the leafless trees hard and the shadowy patterns danced madly. A rodent of one sort or another dashed from one tree trunk to the next. Lucinda looked around. She half expected the shadow man to step out from behind an impossibly thin birch. She almost wanted him to. She knew he had no power over her anymore either. None of them did. Her brother, mother, Grandmother. They could be resisted and banished by her. They were all dead and Lucinda was no longer. The shadow man with his bright pinpoint eyes would be next. If not now, later.
"This one, not that," she sang along with the tune in her head as she picked. She skipped along through the trees as best she could and knew the shadow man would be next.
The final piece clicked into place with the sound of her footfall on a small fallen branch. She had seen the exchange of shadows after it left Lucinda's body. That was a shock, seeing it 'kill' her body. It had ruined Lucinda's body. She brushed the thoughts aside.
"Keep on task," she said. "This one, not that." She smiled.
She followed it after it left the body. It appeared exactly as Lucinda thought it might. It was an oily shadow in the shape of the man with pinpoint eyes as bright as Rebecca's wedding diamonds. Oddly, Lucinda was not frightened by it. It had moved quickly and purposefully to O'Malley's room. It should have cared that Lucinda saw everything that happened. Maybe it knew of no way to stop her. She saw what happened. What the shadow did to O'Malley. It gave Lucinda the last piece she needed.
"This one, not that," she skipped in time.

* * * * *

David shivered as violently as the trees when the wind rose. It penetrated the heavy coat and sweater he was wearing. It cut close to his bones. It didn't help at all that his sweater was damp. His day of digging felt like it had stretched to weeks. Despite the cold, he sweated with the effort. Now he could feel the moisture turning to icicles.
Numbly, David's mind joked that he had taken one last job for O'Malley and the residents of the Manor; that of gravedigger. Yesterday had been just as busy. David had gone to Hearthberg. His first stop was the post office to send a message by telegraph to Mrs. O'Malley's and Miss Harris' families. Then David had visited the town doctor to tell him what had happened. The old man was too flippant and unconcerned for David's taste. He gave David two pieces of advice. One was to go talk to the carpenter before leaving town. Three coffins would take a while to make. The second piece of advice was to start digging graves now. "There's bad weather coming, son," the old gray-haired doctor said, "I can feel it in my bones. You don't want the ground harder or colder than it already is."
"I'm not sure if Mr. O'Malley intends for his wife to be buried here," David answered.
"What if he does and it freezes again?" the doctor asked, "and then there is the matter of the groundskeeper. I'm sure he has no family here that I know of." He examined David with piercing eyes. "The graveyard here is full, young man. Most people in these parts bury their own on their property. I'm sure a city boy like yourself doesn't agree with such a thing."
David shrugged. If the man was going to take me for something I'm not, who am I to correct him? "I take it I should talk to the minister too?" he asked.
"Yes," the doctor said, "of course. You aren't going to get him out of bed until he's passed my muster, too."
David ran the other errands including a visit to the pastor who was so ill that he couldn't talk. David sincerely wondered if his funeral would come before that of the two ladies of the Manor and the poor soul who used to work there. He stopped again at the post office before he rode to the Manor. No word had been sent. They would certainly send a messenger when there was word.
Mr. O'Malley was in a better mood than when David saw him last. Instead of the forlorn man sitting silently in his room, O'Malley was in the parlor trying to entice Lewis into a game of chess.
"I don't think he's taking it too well," Sofia whispered to David in the hallway. "He says he's staying here. That the Manor is his home. He flew into a rage when Mr. Richards suggested he go back east with them!"
"So, do you think he's going to want the bodies buried here?" It was an innocent question, but Sofia scowl questioned his sanity and sensitivity.
"David, last night he was quite certain he was leaving. He offered me a position in his household. Now, today he's bent on staying." She paused. David thought it was rather dramatic for Sofia. "I don't think he's quite right, David." A hand fluttered against her temple for just a second. "Maybe you should talk to him."
David did talk to him…about digging graves. Mr. O'Malley had indeed decided to stay. His wife Rebecca would be staying as well. David thought him very morbid, but he didn't have the energy to talk to Mr. O'Malley about O'Malley's well being. It's not my place to comment on my employer's choices. Of course, David could talk to Lewis about Mr. O'Malley's behavior. He was comfortable talking to him now. Perhaps Lewis could talk some sense into O'Malley.
However, Lewis would probably be leaving soon. He wanted to help David with the graves, but his wife had a fit. Lewis was dressed for the weather about ready to follow David out the door when Theresa Donavan appeared out of nowhere. She tackled her husband. Her voice was shrill with hysterics, her accent so thick that David couldn't understand what she was saying. The only thing that would soothe her was Lewis agreeing to stay in. David wasn't sure Lewis would have been much help, but he would have welcomed the company.
All of the women were in a strange mood since Miss Harris' death. Josie, while sad and forlorn, hadn't wanted his comfort. She shrugged off his embraces last night. At least, she had quit crying. Maye Richards was strangely silent. David carried most of the Richards' baggage downstairs quite early that morning. Maye told David that she and her husband intended to leave tomorrow if only for Hearthberg. They would remain in the area until final plans were made. Mrs. Richards was somber, but not in the least hysterical. She's an extraordinary woman. David turned his mind to better things with little effort. The image of Josie conjured itself in his mind. She was all in white standing on the servant's stairs. He clung to the image, one of the few good ones he had of the Manor. He wouldn't miss this place.
"Even if he isn't leaving, I will," David said out-loud. "Josie and Sofia are going, too." David wondered a little at whether Sofia would be coming, too. She hadn't said if she was staying in O'Malley's employ now that he decided to stay.
The wind screeched between tree branches. David shivered again and his body warmed for an instant before the cold wind replaced the warm air created by his body. Even if Donava talks O'Malley into leaving, I've already dug two holes larger than I had ever wanted to. And on such a day!
David stabbed the shovel into the ground one last time leaving it standing straight in the hard ground. The house loomed on its hill, only darker than the sky behind it. Twilight fell suddenly. David hoped he would make it to the house by the time the sun totally set. He couldn't imagine it being much colder once the sun was gone.
All the upstairs lights were out. David once thought of those windows as the eyes of the dead. If the Manor hadn't been haunted before, there was probably a good chance it was now.
A blast of cold air hit David hard, knocking his breath out, nearly knocking him into one of the graves he had dug. It came from nowhere. A steady north wind gusted all day, but this whirled around David, but only David, not the trees nearby.
David sucked for air, opening his mouth wide against the gust. Somehow, he couldn't stop the mammoth amount of wind around him. He started to choke.
The cold seeped further into his bones than before. Fingernails of ice sunk into the exposed area of David's neck. It pushed David backwards; what breath was left expelled on impact. David was dimly aware of his head thudding against the ground causing him to see two bright stars before his eyes. An icy hand clenched at his throat.
Then it was gone, the wind and the cold. It was calm again. David puffed for air, his own hands at his throat. Relative warmth spread quickly through every limb. David shook the blackness from his vision and climbed to his feet. His body was stiff and David wondered if he had passed out. He stood trying to explain to himself the sudden, strange weather. He had never experienced anything like it before. The north wind was still there but its coldness was a summer breeze in comparison to what just happened.
Warmth spread out from David's gut and he started to run. It wasn't a panic; at least he didn't want to think of it that way. There was no reason to panic, it was the wind, but running was good. It was the excuse he needed for the excess heat in his body and the quick pounding of his heart.
David reached the front of the house exhausted. His body was like laundry, wet and wrung, as he tried to catch his breath. His stomach made an obscene noise and clenched tight. He tried to remember when he had last eaten. He didn't recall breakfast. It would be dinnertime for the guests. The thought of food sent his stomach complaining again, more violently than before. He concentrated on the aches and pains in his body, letting them replace thoughts of the strange wind.
"Sofia will take pity on me," he said to the viney doorknocker. "If I don't get in her way that is."
David hesitated. He would have to go around to the side of the house, in through the scullery door. Mr. O'Malley and company would be in the dining room, probably done with the first course already. No way was left open to the kitchen except through the scullery. "You should just walk through the dining room like you're one of them. It's not like you're going to be here much longer." David cursed his mother for raising him so well and took off around to the side of the house.
The scullery door was opened. The small sliver of light falling on the frozen ground was more inviting to David than it should have. David heard a crash from inside as he neared the door.
"What happened? Where did you go?" The voice was Sofia's but hoarse and loud. He was surprised to hear her shout. It didn't matter if Sofia were angry with Josie, the O'Malley's and their guests would hear her. "I've won, haven't I?" There was a laugh. David thought it was a laugh. "There are none left, are there?"
"Sofia?" David yelled as he came through the door. "Is everything all right?"
"Oh!" There was a pause. "Oh, my! Yes, yes! I'm fine." Sofia called from the kitchen and then there was silence.
David removed one of his muddy boots and doffed his coat and gloves, too, leaving them on the side of the sink. The sink was piled with dishes. David idly wondered where Josie had been all day, if she not helping her mother. She certainly had not been with him. Poor Sofia, David thought. He chuckled. David wondered if his new skill at place settings would ever come in handy again.
"Sofia, I am famished!" David said as he came in the kitchen. "Please tell me there's something I can eat!" He unfolded one of the collapsible chairs and settled in a corner of the table he hoped was out of the way. The lights over the stove and by the scullery door lit the kitchen. The reflections off the copper pots and pans were cheery in spite of the dark iron maw of the iron oven. David was amazed that Sofia could coax warmth enough to cook food from it much less warm the room. The room was warm. It banished away the entire day of digging and the strange wind that had spooked him. All that was left from the day was his damp shirt that was quickly drying and molding itself right to his skin. His bones were so weary that the weight of his shirt was oppressive. Maybe I should have gone and changed first. His stomach once again disagreed.
Sofia looked puzzled for an instant. David wasn't sure if he had seen that expression on Sofia before. It didn't fit her face quite right. She broke into a motherly smile that David was used to and welcomed. "Of course there is!" she said. Her voice was clear, with little of the hoarseness he heard before. She gathered a china bowl and plate and moved toward the stove. "I have some nice mushroom soup. I'm sure it will warm you. You must have had a hard day."
"Yes, I don't think my muscles have ached like this before."
Sofia nodded and placed a bowl of thick soup before him and a plate with meat covered with sauce and potatoes.
"Is this something new, Sofia?"
"Yes," she said briskly. "I used some of the vegetables I had stocked. The weather has kept new produce from being delivered."
"I have been busy as well." David said. He took a slurp of soup. It has a warm pungent taste, heavy with paprika. A swallow sent warmth down his throat and into his gullet.
"Yes," Sofia said. "Yes, of course." She stood watching David with an odd smile. He was very aware of it as he ate.
"It's very good. If I were you I'd keep this recipe."
A giggle burst forth from Sofia's lips. "Yes, I believe I will." Her attention had turned to a corner of the room behind David. She was shaking with silent laughter.
David debated whether or not he should again question Sofia about what might be wrong. She was acting quite strange. She's probably just a little distressed about the events of the past few days. If Sofia wants to talk about it, she certainly would…
"Is Josie taking care of the dining room?" Making small talk seemed to be a good choice to David.
Sofia turned her attention to David. "What David? I didn't hear you."
"Is Josie in the dining room?" David nodded toward the dining room door.
Sofia hesitated. "Yes." She turned to the stove to tend to whatever else was cooking and started to hum a tune David had never heard before.
David nodded and took another large spoonful of soup.
He had decided. Now is a good time to bring this up. It'll certainly take her mind off whatever is troubling her.
"Sofia, I know a lot of things have been going on recently. You mentioned perhaps going with O'Malley back east. Now I guess he's staying here…" David took a deep breath. His chest was tighter than before. His muscled ached from the cold.
"Yes, he is staying here," Sofia said, trying hard to suppress another giggle.
"I've decided that I am not," David said clearly. "I can't remain employed here." David let out a sigh that came out more as a shudder. His sides were actively aching now too. "I'd like to ask for Josie's hand." He put aside his bowl of mushroom soup to gauge Sofia's reaction.
Again, her attention was focused elsewhere, somewhere over David's shoulder. Again, she seemed to be suppressing laughter. At this, David was confused. He wasn't sure what kind of reaction he expected. They had always gotten along well, and David never truly considered that Sofia would not want him as a son-in-law. At the same time, he could understand why Sofia might have objections. He was only a handy man after all. "I love her, Sofia. Really I do. I will always give her the best…" There was a soft buzz in David's head. He shook it off and took a deep drink of milk.
"You're weak, aren't you?" Sofia said. "You had your chance, but now you are too weak." She giggled again, a strange sort of gurgling sound. Her eyes still fixed on the wall behind where David sat. "How many years?"
He wasn't sure what she meant. "Sofia?"
Her attention turned to David. A strange smile washed over her face. "Of course you can marry Josie, boy!"
David nodded. A giant fist had worked its way around his chest. His breath was so loud in his ears that he couldn't follow what Sofia was saying. "I'm sure you will have a happy, joyous wedding, right here at the Manor. I will be in attendance. Unfortunately, I'm afraid it is too late for you!" Again, she talked to the wall. David lurched to his feet.
"I think I need to go to bed, Sofia," he muttered. "I'm not…" He caught himself on the edge of the table before he crashed to the floor. He forced his feet under him and stood again. With each breath, the band around his chest tightened and each movement David made caused panting breaths.
Sofia laughed. Her voice was incredibly loud and foreign. "You can't anymore, can you? After so many years, you are powerless! Not that it matters. He'll be gone soon enough."
He didn't know what she meant. Through fog he saw Sofia come toward him. His head was full of cotton and bees. He was able to draw only the shallowest of breaths. Before David's vision cleared, he lunged toward the kitchen door. Despite his lack of air, panic drove him forward and away from whatever was happening. He struck the dining room door and it gave way. What he saw brought him short just inside the dining room door.
The guests were all seated at the table their heads down, their  arms splayed. Dishes were on the floor, scattered and broken. Wineglasses were toppled, their contents soaking into the tablecloth. Soup and vomit jelled in puddles near the faces of David's employer and his employer's guests. The smell made David's stomach turn.
"Sofia! What…?"
At the sound of his voice, Lewis Donavan brought his head off the table. It wobbled on his neck like a stone trying to balance on a toothpick. Lewis was about to say something, but only a thin stream of foam dribbled from his mouth. David stumbled forward toward him and fell. His head just missed the corner of the solid, dark wood table.
From the floor, he peered to see what he had stumbled over. Josie lay on the floor beside a spilled platter of meat and gravy. Her skin radiated with the same quality that Mrs. O'Malley's had when laying on the stairs. Only it was a hundred times whiter, almost giving off its own light. David knew she was dead. She was never ever that beautiful in life, David thought. I was right! Her face was open, surprised. Her lips were parted and were a strange purplish color. Her gray eyes reminded David of the agates in the good necklace his mother used to wear to church every Sunday. He summoned enough breath to crawl nearer to her face. His lungs were on fire, the muscles in his chest crushing bone.
"I'm so sorry," it was Sofia's voice across a long distance. "She didn't suffer as you do. It's done now."
David wanted to ask what Sofia meant. She was standing over him, not helping him. There was someone else there too, just a black figure David could see out of the corner of his eye. The pain in his chest was gone and so was the darkness in his vision. He let his lips gently fall against Josie's.
The room was bathed in light dispelling inky darkness from the place. Josie stood there bathed in brightness. She smiled and held out her hands to him. Without thinking, he was in her arms. There was a strange sensation of pull and David didn't resist it. Someone else was trying to fight the current that flowed around him and Josie. He wondered if it was Sofia. Soon, it didn't matter if it was or wasn't.

* * * * *

Lucinda found that the hands would not do. They had been worked hard and were stiff and callused. She shrugged off the discontent. She had succeeded in her plan. It was finally gone. She had worried for a while, thinking it would never leave. She had forgotten about the boy, not that it mattered. It had worn itself out, Lucinda guessed, with all its panic. But it was gone finally.
The song was complete in Lucinda's head. It drowned out the queer tightness in her chest and stomach when she thought about the scene left in the dining room. There had been no choice. "I had to get rid of it," she said out-loud to no one.
The song in her head replied in agreement. Lucinda picked up one of the mushrooms from the table and considered it. She wondered if it tasted bitter. The music in her head swelled to a near crescendo. Lucinda's body filled with life. She stood up and let the music complete her. She whirled around in time to it, and skipped through the house. Grandmother would never approve.


Chapter Twenty-Nine


Joseph Gibson puffed out his visible breath and pipe smoke into the cool morning air. He slapped the reins gently across his old roan's back, trying to coax her on. He knew the footing on the road wasn't the best, but there was no reason for the horse to act like she was. "We've braved worse than this," he said, "and for less, too."
He could just see it now. O'Malley and all his feather-brained guests welcoming Joseph Gibson. All that remained would be their bare cupboards by now. The weather hadn't lifted enough for that boy to get to town. "Not that the poor kid was probably given time to go to town to get food. O'Malley probably has him grooming the dogs or some such nonsense." The mare snorted in agreement. Joseph nodded to her sway back. The old horse was usually better company than his own wife, Stella. "Well, they'll be happy to see old Gibson today." He chuckled. "And happy to pay my price."
He rounded the bend in the road that led to the Manor. The house stood on its hill was blacker than usual. He could hear the horses whinnying from the edge of the property. "Stupid boy probably forgot to feed them this morning," Joseph grumbled. The sway-backed roan pricked her ears and started to veer off toward the stable.
"Oh now you don't start disobeying me, too! I'll start calling you Stella if you do!" Joseph rocked with laughter and gently guided his horse toward the house.
His wife always warned him that she thought the Manor was haunted. "I get a bad ache in my bones from that place," she'd tell him. "It's the weight of the spirits."
"What does she expect from me? The town won't buy what I have." He sighed. He'd pushed past his wife this morning when he told her where he was going, almost pushed her down. It sounded like a good idea to Joseph to pay the Manor a visit. He wouldn't let his old crone of a wife keep him from feeding his family. O'Malley would need him today. Joseph would be right there with the price to be paid.
The horse stopped while Gibson was in his reverie. They stood where the path branched to one side of the mansion or the other. That monument of a house was as big as the weight on Gibson's shoulders and as solid as his laziness. Its very presence made him stoop further. In one of the third floor windows that stared at Gibson with all the blankness of a Hearthberg produce buyer, a dark figure stood. It looked like a woman.
Joseph nodded at her and the light that glinted off her eyes.
"Yes, I'll be needed here today," he muttered to himself as he followed the path around to the scullery door.

---END---
